one day when they had their own place again , she would get him a dog .
she wanted nothing more than go back to his place .
dinner at my place tonight ?
i loved the look of her place , it was open space and airy with windows all around with a view of the park and a bit of the city skyline .
she was back to being shy again but at lease it seemed to stem more from what i thought of her place this time .
the last two days had been like none i 'd ever shared and we had n't even left the house except to go to her place .
` ` so you have the pills back at your place ? ''
it makes no sense whatsoever for you to keep that place and pay the exorbitant rent for an empty apartment .
we 'd moved a couple times after my dad left , so no one place has ever felt like home .
if i ' m this in shock about the size of the garage , i ca n't imagine how i 'll feel about the rest of the place .
i ca n't believe i ' m actually going to call this place home from now on .
my mom is happy , and i ' m fortunate to live in a place like this .
i ask , knowing she 's taking advantage of a program at the nearby university to give summer interns a low - cost place to stay in an otherwise expensive city .
` ` my place is pretty close by , and we 'll actually be able to hear ourselves think . ''
` ` yup , we 're going back to my place , dude , '' jackson replies .
epilogue ` ` man , i ' m glad this place has central air , '' i say , setting down the last of the boxes in our new apartment .
my dad 's place is pretty stately , but her home is truly a den of luxury .
they 're going to rent out their apartment on the other side of town and shack up in our place for the time being .
` ` some people will be over at my place , '' says roger , a lanky senior .
` ` think you 'll swing by my place tonight ? ''
i went over to his place one night when my dad was wasted , just to get out of the house for a minute .
maybe riley will let me crash at her place .
` ` my grandparents are already taking me out to some swanky restaurant , '' i tell her , ` ` i owe it to them for letting us stay in this place . ''
we landed at her sister 's place in pennsylvania for a minute .
` ` i do n't care what you decide to do about the apartment , '' i tell him , ` ` i ' m more than happy to find a new place to live , i can pay rent now that my job is lined up .
it 's not just having to find a new place to live that scares me , i can take care of that in no time .
i ' ve watched enough house - hunting reality tv to know that this is easily a multi - million dollar property - and this is n't even his only place !
chapter seventeen after i ' ve made sure that riley is n't going to be left out in the cold tonight , i settle in for a long , befuddled evening at emerson 's place .
` ` i just have to figure out a way to get through to them , '' i say shaking my head , ` ` without this job , i ' m going to need a place to stay , at least for a little while . ''
` ` you have a place to stay , '' emerson replies quizzically , ` ` right here . ''
i , on the other hand , have no choice but to abandon my job at bastian , have no place to live , and hardly any money to my name .
plenty of quiet at my place , '' he assured her .
she thought about catching a cab back to her place , but gary was red enough in the face to be a problem so it was probably better to get out of the area .
` ` at my place . ''
she 'd met him at his place , or they 'd travel somewhere to be alone .
every little detail and golden covered cherub was a disgusting show of pompous wealth and she could n't imagine living in a place like this .
` ` i ' m going to take you home now and we 're not going to touch each other until we 're back at your place . ''
` ` this place fits me better than the other apartment . ''
he gently nudged her into the vehicle and followed behind , telling his driver to get them back to her place .
i 'll expect you to pack up your things and find a new place to live before the end of the month since we received three complaints all last night ! ''
with all the money you made servicing that guy , you can damn well find a different place to live ! ''
she was putting herself through school , she was working two different jobs so she could afford a place to live that did n't include daily drive - by shootings .
he couldn '' t show up at her place , the guards would follow and she was hoping , just this once , she could outsmart them and be alone tonight .
airport , security , finding a place to hide while she figured out what she was going to do with her life .
that should get her through the night at least , and she could find a place to sleep when she became too exhausted to drive any longer .
mark had his own place which was even smaller than hers so neither was a good option for having children .
i 'll get an annulment and i 'll find my own place to live , '' she said , moving toward the garage door since he obviously was n't going to let her leave through the front .
` ` we can go back to my place . ''
give me five minutes and we 'll be back at my place , '' he told her urgently , then bent to kiss her again , just to muddle her mind a bit more .
not even the enormous fireplace or the stunning views of the city could make this place look comfortable .
` ` emerson , there 's no way i ' m staying at your place . ''
so no , i ' m not staying at your place .
you 'll be staying at my place .
` ` first of all , i stayed at your place in new york because i did n't have the time to find any other place to live .
` ` first of all , i stayed at your place in new york because i did n't have the time to find any other place to live .
hell , he never brought a woman back to his place for sex , always going to her place so he could leave afterwards .
hell , he never brought a woman back to his place for sex , always going to her place so he could leave afterwards .
` ` i want to know why you left my place the other night , '' he demanded .
it was the one place where she 'd felt safe .
the center also admitted after school kids who just needed a safe place to hang out while their parents worked so rachel was able to sometimes join in .
` ` i always had a place to sleep . ''
` ` i bet you and brianna went out to her place several times , did n't you ? ''
it was fun out at her place , although she did n't always think so .
` ` i ... it 's just my place ... something came up and i did n't get a chance to fix it like i meant to . ''
he gallantly suggested she needed a place to herself to get away to sometimes .
i do n't know what i ' m going to do without this place . ''
` ` i know things were rough at your place , '' he said quietly .
something was really wrong with claire and his gut told him she needed to come home - to the ranch , to her family - to her horses , or she might get to a place where she could n't be healed .
when he 'd arrived , everyone laughed at his shiny new boots and string tie , and they 'd been angry at the way he bought his place for a song when he could have afforded to pay much more , but no one could turn up their noses at the way he was boosting the local economy with his building projects .
i do n't mean that i 'd use any of the ideas i ' ve used for jamie on your place - i just wanted you to see that i have an eye for style and design .
` ` he called my place small and predictable ?
i might be taking on the impossible trying to transform your place into something awe - inspiring , but i ' m going to do my best . ''
all he wanted was a place to hang his hat and a chance to work with his beloved horses for the rest of his life .
` ` i can always feed claire back at my place . ''
finally she 'd had the place to herself , but moments later another knock sounded on the door .
` ` i like your place .
someday soon they 'd have their own place and he 'd make love to morgan for hours every night .
morgan and i want a place to belong , too .
yesterday i was working on his place and i checked out the garden .
` ` let me know if you think of anyone else who 'd like to stay at my place . ''
she would break off the engagement , find a new place to live and get a new job .
first , she needed a place to call her own and a job .
she thought pretty soon he 'd move back , they 'd pool their cash , and buy their own place .
i ' ve got that carriage house back of my place that 's standing empty .
` ` he gave me a job and a cheap place to live .
` ` when you come home to visit , we 'll have a place to be together . ''
she 'd always painted and one reason she wanted her own place was so she would n't have to pack away every tube and paintbrush at the end of a creative session .
` ` it 's sort of strange to still live there now with evan , but we have n't found the right property where we can build our new place . ''
he still could n't believe rose had driven out to his place to ask for it , especially after the cold shoulder she 'd given him earlier .
her bedroom with its en suite bathroom was the one place she 'd felt almost safe .
` ` has emory always been so intrusive into your place ? ''
ethan 's place ?
which was good , because if ever she needed a place to get away to , it was now .
` ` i need my own place .
` ` i had some trouble at my place last night with emory and cab helped me out .
i can swing by your place if you like . ''
` ` where 's your new place ? ''
since cab could be at carl 's place at any time today , she did n't work on the tree house itself .
` ` we could eat at my place , '' he suggested .
he knew he should wait until they got back to carl 's place , but suddenly he did n't want to wait another minute .
you mean carl 's place ?
her parents ' place was out .
he was supposed to take her to the cruz ranch , but he took her to your place instead .
` ` i ' m not at my place .
` ` tom , i ' m on my way back toward my place .
he 'd figured she 'd come to see him , lost her nerve , driven right by his place , then come to her senses and turned back .
he swung onto the country road that led out toward carl 's place .
` ` she can keep it at our place .
i liked having a place of my own . ''
when we outgrow the cabin , we could build our own place just like rob and morgan .
for now he could pretend he was his own man ; that the place was all his .
that was bad for the cruzes , but good for hannah , who 'd needed a place to stay when she 'd broken up with cody .
each of them needed a cheap place to stay and autumn had jumped on the chance to make even a small profit off of three of the empty guest rooms .
` ` maybe i should find my own place , '' fila began in her soft voice .
` ` maybe i should look for another place , too . ''
afterward , he can take you to his place so you can look it over and make up your mind .
ned - go get the ones from your place . ''
ned did n't know that mia planned to move into his place , and as hard as he 'd thought about it jake had n't come up with a way to force his hand .
make sure your place is more inviting .
` ` get her to your place and she 'll do the rest . ''
if she had her own place she 'd adopt him in a heartbeat .
` ` kind of hard on the eyes inside my place just now . ''
` ` did n't you leave that at your place ?
he liked to follow her around as she spiffed up the place and she liked that too , since he unconsciously helped her , picking clothes up off the floor in the bedroom , drying the dishes in the kitchen and keeping her company , if nothing else .
that was why bella was so determined to get a new place ; she knew sooner or later evan was going to revolt over their current living conditions .
ethan and autumn 's guests would arrive in a day or two and the place was spotless and decorated beautifully for the holidays .
i 'd hoped we 'd have our own place by now .
i know it 's not the same as having your own place , but while you 're away at school we can keep an eye on the place , and when you 're home maybe sometimes we can take off on a vacation or two . ''
i know it 's not the same as having your own place , but while you 're away at school we can keep an eye on the place , and when you 're home maybe sometimes we can take off on a vacation or two . ''
` ` carl 's place .
i ' m just offering you a place to stay .
you should see all that she 's got cooking at her place .
we tried decorating carl 's living room - i mean , evan and bella 's living room - with all those ming vases and the place ended up looking like a museum .
he 'd always known he was capable of running the family business - he was as good a judge of the stock as anyone , as cunning in negotiations , and he was the only one of his brothers who could repair all the equipment they used on the ranch as well as do all the other chores around the place .
` ` i love what you ' ve done to this place .
you come by my place once i ' m open .
as soon as she 'd moved in , mia had redecorated the place in bright pink .
i bet they have room for both of you at their place if dad wo n't back down .
the neighbor 's place , '' he went on , seeing her bafflement .
he searched his memory and dredged up the accident , his broken leg and the time he 'd spent with fila at his family 's place .
and now she had enough money to get her own place and begin a new life .
` ` my money 's on me finding another place to live , '' luke growled , pushing back from the table .
when she 'd agreed to move into his place in december , he thought he 'd had it made .
by the time they arrived back at his parents ' place , several more vehicles were parked in the driveway .
` ` well , they 're right ; that mansion must be worth ten times as much cash as your place .
normally , she 'd run to autumn 's place if there was trouble , but not today - not when autumn 's baby had just been born .
surely there was an out - of - the - way room in their mansion she could inhabit just for a day or two - until she found her own place .
he 'd sit down and explain the situation and help her find a place she 'd be comfortable living in .
between work at the pet clinic and school , mia knew hannah rarely even took lunch , so she 'd felt bad about asking her to sneak enough clothing and toiletries out of luke 's cabin to see her through her exile at autumn and ethan 's place .
i 'll be able to find just the right place for you if you do n't want to live on the double - bar - k. '' ` ` i ' ve got money of my own , '' mia protested .
he did n't think he could trick her into coming to his place again anytime soon though , and he needed privacy for what he had in mind .
since evan and bella lived at carl 's old place there was n't anything else nearly as big or expensive in town for the millionaire to buy .
she slowed down when she saw the cupcake with a lit birthday candle sticking out of it at her place .
when i got here i was in a rush to buy a place and start feeling like i belong , but i think that 's backwards .
` ` when i got to town i was so excited about getting my ranch back , i drove straight to your place and left the envelope in your mailbox .
` ` well , i guess i 'd better get over to her place before she tries to help me , '' she said and took one last look at the mountain view before moving back down the porch to get her bags .
she was sure veronica could help her find a storage company that would hold her furniture until she could find someone who would buy it or she could find a place to live .
it was terrible that she 'd never taken the time to make this place her own , no stamp of her personality showed through .
he 'll then drive you to my place .
i 'll see you at my place around seven o'clock tonight , '' he said .
take her to her apartment and help her pack up her bags , then bring her to my place .
if you find another place to live , i will do the same , '' he stated .
` ` come back to my place with me , '' he urged , trying to take her hands but she lifted them out of his reach and stepped backwards , her purse over her shoulder and her eyes trying to look anywhere but at his awesome physique .
` ` why do n't you bring your paper over to my place and i can help you finish it ? ''
he should have picked her up and carried her back to his place , then made love to her until neither one of them could speak .
okay , so maybe he 'd already done that albeit not at his place but at hers .
` ` i ' m almost at your place sydney .
she was n't sure how she ended up at his place that night , in his arms , making love with him over and over again , but by the time the morning sunshine was shining on her face , she knew she had been thoroughly made love to .
` ` come over to my place tonight , '' he coaxed .
besides , there 's no way you can convince me that the place you call an apartment is big enough for you and me , plus the baby that will be coming soon .
` ` why would you move simply because i do n't like your place ? ''
` ` we go back to my place and my chef cooks us dinner .
i 'll see you early tomorrow morning with food and you 'll eat before i escort you to my place to shower . ''
` ` are you saying that i could n't have convinced you to come back to my place if i 'd really set my mind to it ? ''
` ` despite the fact that i 'd like to throw you over my shoulder and carry you back to my place , make love to you for the next twenty four hours , i ' m going to give you the space you need . ''
` ` i want you to have a drink with me ... at my place . ''
ever since i had invited him to my place , he had remained quiet , and not just throughout the drive .
the way i remembered it , she stayed at my place , reaching for bottle after bottle , insisting that i drank for the both of us .
i would have thought the place had been ransacked , but from the look of it , nothing was missing .
they had the federal right to search his place though sure had left a mess behind .
if the police had searched jett 's place , would n't they have gathered all of gina 's belongings for a concrete dna analysis .
my intuition told me they had come for jett , possibly with the intent to search his place again , except i would have expected a special unit rather than mere uniformed officers , which led me to the assumption that they might have come to arrest him .
` ` the girl who was killed , gina , i found her things at your place .
if the police found her stuff at your place , it would have been impounded as evidence . ''
i could n't imagine not having a place to go for the holidays .
` ` we 're not going to your place ? ''
we always lived apart , and when we were together , we were at her place .
he 's been distant , making excuses and staying at his place for several nights in a row .
tom , along with clare and the rest of her family , were showing me what it was like to have a family and a place to call home .
after our first night together , when we 'd fallen asleep in the hotel room and i 'd awoken to find myself alone in that same room , he had n't stayed over at my place , and i 'd never asked if i could stay at his hotel .
in fact , i was starting to think we needed to take that costume back to my place and do a little role - playing .
knowing this was the place where leah had grown up while enduring years of misery at the hand of the man who lived inside did something to me .
ethan , like me , had n't had a place to call home , and he 'd spent all his holidays with us after he started dating clare .
we got back to his place , and a few minutes later , he was spreading out the food on the coffee table in the spacious living room overlooking the ocean .
you 'll need some place to stay when you fly in anyway .
we had a new place to call home .
i 'd bought her another drink , and finally , i 'd followed it up by asking if she would like to have a third one - back at my place .
i had a good job - one that would pay for a place that could eat my current apartment for breakfast .
` ` my place is too small , and i ' m a guy . ''
he 'd never really mentioned his place , but considering how quickly he 'd gotten over here the other night , i was assuming he lived close .
at last , i found my parents ' place .
` ` maybe we can have the next family get - together at your place , '' leah whispered in my ear before giving me a secret grin .
i was going back to a place i had n't been to in years - my parents ' house .
i doubled back and walked through the old antique door , knowing liv would have a million adjectives to describe how much she loved this place .
the place looked big enough to house five families and still have room to spare .
next , she would move to a smaller place , probably somewhere farther away from the college since apartments in that area tended to be more expensive due to the high demand .
` ` and you did n't see anything to indicate the place was a wreck ? ''
` ` but storm , i thought we were going to your place . ''
` ` no , lola , i ' m going to my place . ''
as much as she loved her apartment in hyde park she 'd have to give it up and move to a cheaper place .
furnished with exotic pieces that screamed wealth , the place looked like the palatial residence of a prince .
it was a place where they could escape from the troubles of abusive homes and dangerous streets , and just be kids .
` ` looks like since the sullivans left the current owner has n't even had a chance to furnish the place . ''
correction - jake mckoy 's place .
still , with other projects on the table it was almost two weeks before she was able to return to jake 's place .
this little house would be her place of abode for the next few weeks , maybe a whole lot longer .
it looks just like my place . ''
as soon as indie explained the situation dominic dashed off to get his jeep and then he was off to kirk and jenna 's place .
come on , let 's go over to his place . ''
he 'd seen her a few times at the country club but she 'd been so tiny then , running around the place with an even smaller girl , both of them with their hair in pigtails .
` ` hey , if i lived in a place like this i 'd be creative , too .
chapter eight with five bedrooms in the villa sloane had no trouble finding a place to sleep .
` ` i dropped by her place and found her in bed with another man . ''
we can do this closer to your place . ''
it 's like halfway between my place and yours . ''
` ` no , not at my place .
* * * of all the places in fort lauderdale he could have moved to , he had to choose the house next to the craziest , most cantankerous woman he 'd ever met .
now talk before i move in at your place till i can figure out what 's going on . ''
he 'd seen the lights of solie 's car as she pulled into the driveway and , fool that he was , he 'd immediately left his yard and headed over to her place , eager to make things up with her .
` ` but why invite him back to your place ?
the place had a happy , lived - in look to it , one that he liked .
the short , squat vase on the glass table in the middle of the room was overflowing with roses , orchids and jasmine that gave the place a flowery fragrance .
with that discouraging thought ryder turned and went back into the bedroom , an ancient - looking place furnished with a canopied four - poster bed , a chest of drawers that looked like an antique and a low oak chest that sat at the foot of the bed .
she 'd spent the past few days whipping ted 's place into shape and this was the last of it .
since when have you been dropping in at ted 's place ? ''
` ` sarah told me he 's staying over at her place .
since the phone company sent workers to town she 's turned her place into a sort of bed - and - breakfast .
i ' m just sorry i let that beast of a man stay at my place , but i did n't know . ''
why do n't you come back to my place with us tonight and we can talk it over ? ''
she had her friend drive her back to her place .
after all , i have to drive back to my place tonight ... '' he let the sentence hang , but she knew that he intended for her to be riding back with him .
` ` why do n't we skip the champagne and you give us a tour of your place ? ''
the house was one of the few places that jack actually felt comfortable in .
` ` so , still at your new girl 's place ? ''
it was a foreign concept to someone like me who had always lived in a place that required heating and cooling throughout the year .
there was no way i would have been able to afford a place like this on my vet tech salary .
i am never leaving this place ! ''
` ` would you like to come back to my place ? ''
you want to come stay at my place ?
` ` my aunt has a place just up the beach from here , '' he answered , his gaze flitting toward a spot ahead of us where the house would be .
` ` i ' m staying at my aunt 's place , too ! ''
` ` you 're staying at your aunt 's place .
` ` this is my place , '' he said , stopping at the back porch of a big , beautiful beach house .
jim closed his garage , and the small group of us began the short walk back to tony 's place .
i ca n't go messing up my aunt 's place like this ! ''
i could get used to calling this place home .
` ` we are staying at my friend owen 's place . ''
when we had arrived at owen 's place , we had been so tired that we barely got the boat tied down before falling into bed together .
` ` oh , so you 're taking me to your place then ? ''
i ran from the house , my feet pounding on the cement as i headed for noah 's place .
since the resort was n't officially open , and it was still technically the off season , we had the place to ourselves .
i quickly finished and washed my hands , prepping the mental speech to convince the concierge to help us find a place for spock .
` ` would you like a drink at my place ?
the downside to still living with my father instead of having my own place .
that , i thought to myself , not the house , is what makes this a billionaire 's place .
although david and his sister helen had their own apartment across the hall , they spent more time at liam 's place than their own .
` ` how many people have keys to my place ?
liam had never kicked his friend out of his place before .
if she did that one more time he 'd drag her to his car and take her back to his place for a sightseeing adventure of an entirely different variety .
i 'll pick you up at your place and we drive to and from the restaurant . ''
as liam said he worked from home she 'd taken a gamble that it was his place .
the warm , wood - filled apartment was not the place she 'd imagined liam lived in .
` ` you forgot your jacket at my place . ''
if the others would go home they could retry the kiss they 'd started at her place .
well , they could probably have a nice quiet lunch tomorrow , or maybe she 'd invite him over for dinner at her place .
she could call him back and say they could meet for a quick lunch , but that would probably turn into a quick trip back to her place or his .
instead , she 'd spent the night at mandy 's place , listening to her friend bewail the loss of her one true love .
you were at your place , feet from your bed , and he went home ? ''
` ` yeah , it 's just i promised my mom that next time you came to my place we 'd video - call her .
` ` how often do you get out to your place here ? ''
your decorator really knew how to make a place gorgeous and comfortable at the same time . ''
if she had it at her place it would be on the table like a prized sculpture .
bring her back to your place , give her what she needs , and drive her to her apartment .
he built us a nice little place of our own , said we could have the garden , and the chickens , and all we had to do in return is keep an eye on the place when he was n't here .
it had been the first place she could call her own , but aside from a few laughs with olivia , it held no fond memories - only worries about paying the rent and what the future held .
the renovation on your place was almost complete by the time i arrived . ''
i have no idea how to decorate and furnish my place .
` ` why did n't your aunt come over to your place if she lived so close ? ''
after i got work and a place to live , i tried to help out by volunteering when i had any free time . ''
but the gardeners and cleaners he 'd hired had tidied the place nicely .
he glanced around , pleased that the place appeared neat and clean .
you can sleep at my place . ''
` ` i 'll come by your place around ten in the morning . ''
` ` we 'll drop by your apartment for you to get some clothes together , then head up to my place to hide out for the weekend . ''
after working construction so hard each day that he 'd been too tired to think or remember , all he 'd needed was a place to sleep , shower and change clothes .
he 'd only stopped by callie 's place to try to talk some sense into her and get her to see the wisdom in grounding herself until after she had her baby .
as he drove to the lumber yard , he mentally reviewed all the things in need of repair or replacement at callie 's place .
besides the steps he 'd fixed a few days ago , he 'd noticed the place could use a coat of paint and a new deck at the back door to replace a badly deteriorating concrete stoop .
hunter could n't possibly have driven out to the life medevac hangar , showered and changed clothes , then driven all the way back to her place in such a short time .
callie was the most responsive , sensual woman he 'd ever met , and he could n't wait for the end of the day when their shift ended and they could get back to her place .
` ` after i left your place , i gave that some thought , '' he agreed , nodding .
but the more he 'd thought about it over the course of their dinner together , then later on the drive to his place after dropping her off at her apartment , the more sense it made and the more appeal it held .
thankful the ride to her place was short , when the driver parked the car in front of her apartment , she gathered her evening bag and readied herself to escape luke 's presence .
with lana having two badly broken legs , internal injuries and a couple cracked ribs , zach had insisted that his sister and nephew move into his place during her recovery .
` ` i have clothes here , but that should give us more than enough time to go by your place so that you can get ready and still make the appointment . ''
` ` because i ' m moving you into my place . ''
you 're going to drop me off at my place and then go home to yours while i call my brothers .
he gave her an i told you so grin as he added , ` ` and since i have more than enough room , i 'd like to invite everyone to stay at my place . ''
` ` not when i have a driver waiting outside to take these back to my place . ''
` ` remember , i told you we 'd spend the night here , then go to my place tomorrow before we go in to work . ''
` ` we 're staying here tonight and going to my place tomorrow . ''
the delicious candlelight dinner , the romantic movie and his refusal to go back to his own place meant he was trying a different tactic in his bid to get her to marry him .
` ` to my place . ''
by the time they entered the foyer , he wondered if she realized that she was spending the night at his place .
the place needed to be repainted and recarpeted , and it would n't hurt to have some of the furniture replaced .
` ` well , my driver and i will be at your place at 5:00 tomorrow evening .
if mandi would have had any place to go she would have snuck out .
you 're welcome to visit me in new york city too , although my place is certainly not even a fraction of this place . ''
she 's suddenly found her voice and was angry at the gall that sergio had busting into her place and trying to control what she did .
i was in awe and while i 'd had a fairly privileged childhood , i 'd never stayed in a place like this .
this was the type of place i could get used to .
` ` father , i have my own place , i pay my bills on time- '' ` ` you live in a penthouse in manhattan , which i paid for .
daniel laughed at the thought of carl , in all his elegance , sleeping in this place .
i left school and had to use my money that i 'd saved up for college to get this place up to code .
` ` i pay well for hard work , and i offer the room in the back of the barn free of charge , if you need a place to stay .
like my own place and a damn car that runs more than once a week .
said she 'll let us know when she found a place to settle down . ''
i do n't have a place to keep my girls .
she would have to rent a place from beatrice .
she would figure out a place to stay .
it wo n't cost you anything and you 'll have a very nice place to stay .
it 's not suitable for living , and she has the financial means to clean the place up , but she refuses to do so .
the contents of her purse spilling out all over the place added a nice touch .
the least he could do was offer her a place to stay .
the place was tidy other than the ugly dresses strewn out on the foot of the bed .
` ` emily , you 'll always have a place to live .
seeing part of the old place i grew up in would just remind me of the tornado .
there were missed calls , but when she got to russell 's place , she could answer the messages .
i knew you moved because i went by your old place a few times .
parker stood outside , across the street from the place he called home for a few years .
` ` i ' m going to have to find a new place to live . ''
finding a place to live was even less of a challenge .
` ` i have to pick my jeep up , and all of our things are back at my place .
` ` i ' m going to be staying at your place for a few months .
after putting the items away , chloe looked around and saw the place as a real home .
` ` you wan na stay at my place for a while ? ''
i never gave you a second of my time throughout your life , but there was no way i was going to leave from this place , seeing how much pain you were in and knowing i was the one who caused it .
as much as i love our apartment , it 's not a safe place to raise a child , and when we move we 're taking your dad with us .
they 'd been at his place , taking in a movie .
he 'd taken her under his protective wing , made her feel safe , driven back the darkness , and given her a place to flee when she needed to get away from her husband .
she only had to get down fourteen floors to her place , so the towel would do .
so she 'd get a new place , a new job , and prove to herself that she could stand on her own .
he 'd half expected her to have run back to her own place .
` ` maybe he thinks you might be uncomfortable sharing a place with two guys . ''
` ` he can live at my place in l.a.-there 's a huge backyard , and you can come and visit when you 're on leave . ''
she had to stay strong a little while longer , then she could get to jess 's place , go hide in the spare room , and bawl her eyes out .
the place had n't changed at all , though it appeared different in daylight , the blinds open .
` ` do n't even think about taking him back to your place . ''
and if you go to his place , remember - safe sex . ''
and if you do go to his place , let me know so- '' ` ` i ' m not going to his place .
and if you do go to his place , let me know so- '' ` ` i ' m not going to his place .
i 'll see you at my place . ''
why the hell was n't she halfway to his place by now ?
what the fuck happened to meeting me at my place ? ''
` ` and just for the record , '' he said , his voice soft and husky as he bent down close to her ear , ` ` you 're not very interested in that guy i saw at your place last night . ''
i appreciate your help and i 'll do my best to get these guys out of your way and back to my father 's place . ''
i know we 're supposed to work together starting this morning but i 'll meet you at your place in thirty minutes . ''
as she wandered around his bedroom and bathroom , initially stunned at all the marble and chrome fixtures , she could n't imagine how much victor paid for this place .
` ` we 're not eating at your place ? ''
` ` and i wo n't be able to do anything about it until i get you back to my place .
and i still think you should sleep at my place instead of here , '' he replied , pulling her into his arms but he did n't press her , knowing she was too tired .
` ` i ... um ... well ... jimmy needs to take me back to my place , '' she said carefully .
` ` i might just pull you into the back of the car , tell jimmy to drive to my place where i can have my wicked way with you all over again . ''
he had n't thought about it , but she 'd been here every night to meet him , or he 'd picked her up at her place for the past six weeks .
` ` you 'll have to stay at my place until we figure out what to do next . ''
i 'll help you find a new place to live , but you 're not staying here another day . ''
` ` i 'll get movers in here to pack up your furniture and move it into a storage facility until you find a place you want to live . ''
she 'd spend most of her time this week finding a new place and she 'd impose on his time as little as possible .
she had to find a place to live .
` ` to my place , tony ! ''
` ` i have my own place , '' she said , staring at the center of his red silk tie , unable to look him in the eye .
kallista walked up the stairs to her old room , glad that she still had some clothes here since she did n't have an easy way to get back to her place .
she smiled slightly as she wondered if hector thought it was better for her to be with her parents than at her own place , or if he 'd just forgotten that she did n't live here any longer .
a driver arrived at her place to pick her up and she was driven right out to the waiting plane .
` ` i thought we could eat at my place where we can talk without interruptions .
` ` no , your place would be nice .
and you wo n't want to make love in that tiny bed you have at your place .
` ` regardless , '' she replied a bit breathlessly , ` ` and the whole town will think that we 're an item after the last hour but it struck me that i do n't really know anything about you except that jasper seems to love sneaking over to your place and rufus loves you now too for some reason .
the darn cat was prowling around , looking for something that only he could see that was hiding over at angelo 's place .
` ` i 'll give you the keys to his place . ''
sydney said he was due to land any minute now so she 'd have to hurry to get over to his place .
a streak of desire tore through her and she gasped , her mouth falling open as her mind whirled around the idea of going back to his place with him .
all of the pieces were immaculately restored and preserved with creative displays that made her whole place feel much more upscale and refined than his expectations .
she did n't want to wait until they reached his place .
she could n't remain in her current place because that life had changed so significantly .
` ` you 'll either need to move in here , or i 'll move into your place until we can be married next week , '' he said and stuck the dish into the microwave to heat up .
this place was filled with brightly colored pillows from india , long , sheer curtains with colorful toppings to block the outside world when she needed privacy .
` ` dinner tonight , 7 pm , my place , '' was all the text message said .
` ` , forgetting that he 'd mentioned his place already .
she hated the fact that she liked his place and pretended to ignore the incredible views of the sun setting over the horizon , looking like the city was almost on fire from this vantage point .
he raised one eyebrow at her opening salvo , playing along with her game even though he was still mulling over various ways to get her back to his place , and into his bed .
` ` if dinner is over , then i can catch a cab to my place . ''
i ' m not going back to your place with you ! ''
` ` as much as i 'd like to take you back to my place , we both know where that will end up and i made a promise to myself to slow down for your benefit . ''
she really was homeless , she could n't afford any place to sleep and she stunk horribly . ''
all of us over at the recreation center helped her in one way or another , sometimes by just offering her a place to shower . ''
` ` i have a dinner party tomorrow night at my place for some business acquaintances .
why on earth would the man want to come in for a drink at her place when he could have a much better offering in both quality and quantity fifty feet away at her father 's party ?
so why was it that he turned off the driveway leading to the street and headed toward the small carriage house instead of driving himself back into the city to his own place ?
she loved this place but max had said they should move to a house .
when her mother had been in an accident and could n't live alone anymore , he 'd made a quick phone call to a private retirement home and ensured a place for helen 's mother at a price that would n't burden helen 's cash flow situation .
` ` i 'll meet you at your place in time for the dinner party , '' she said and was proud of her firm tone .
sasha rolled her eyes at the comment he made about her humble dwelling each time he visited , horrified that anyone would live in a place that does n't have hardwood floors and twelve foot ceilings with strategically designed lighting to enhance one 's living space .
i should have insisted on moving to our own place .
` ` we 'll move into a hotel room until we find a place to live . ''
when she walked into her apartment that afternoon , with all of her slides and materials in a box because she no longer had a place to work , she dumped her materials in a corner and stared at the expensive looking business card on the counter .
before , he would have walked into her place and kissed her until she could n't think any longer .
do n't you have some place to go ?
like your own place ? ''
there were still books everywhere , but the papers had made the whole place look messy .
and do n't you dare be anywhere else but at that apartment waiting for me or so help me , i 'll pick you up and bring you to my place for the next month just so i know where you are . ''
she dusted , vacuumed , sorted and cleaned every surface until the whole place shined and smelled clean once again .
the drive over to his place was almost torture .
it was one thing to slip out of his place unobserved .
he raised one eyebrow , thinking about the perfectly functional sofa at his place without any pillows necessary .
he drove in silence , not sure what she was thinking but determined to get her back to his place once and for all .
` ` and just for the record , yes , i know how many bedrooms are in my place . ''
he wondered what she might choose for this place .
but since he asked , she looked around , putting a finger to the side of her mouth as she concentrated on what the place would look like with splashes of color .
i believe three of them are available if you need a place to stay for the night . ''
` ` so much for getting back to my own place today , '' she said to the silent man .
she thought of stopping by darcy 's place and playing with the animals , but she knew darcy would ask questions , and the answers would be too painful to discuss right about now .
i called your house after you ran out on me , went to your apartment several times and even broke in just to make sure you were n't sick and dying in the middle of your place .
so since we both know you were n't at your place , please tell me where the hell you were . ''
you and i could stay at my place , while your family stays at the hotel down the road . ''
` ` just so you know , she only keeps herbal tea at her place .
there was n't even a newspaper in the driveway , so thoroughly had the place been cleaned out and shut down .
she loved her place , and seeing him in it would ruin the pleasure she got when she worked up here by herself , or had friends over .
she loved the excitement of meeting marco for dinner and he 'd even suggested that she pack a bag and stay at his place this weekend .
but friday night had finally arrived and he 'd promised her that they 'd have a quiet evening at a restaurant , after which he 'd take her back to his place for the rest of the weekend with no interruptions .
if he 'd gotten to her place early , perhaps they could have ordered in instead of eating at a restaurant .
she 'd just left his place about two hours ago so why would he be concerned about where she was ?
she did n't like him , she got irritated with everything he said and she definitely did n't want him rushing over to her place .
we can finish this at my place . ''
` ` we 're going back to my place .
` ` how about if we ride a bit longer , then i 'll take you back to your place ? ''
` ` you do n't seem like the type to enjoy a gas fireplace but you have a large one here and back at your other place . ''
` ` we 're not going to make love for the first time in the back of a limousine , '' he said harshly and his hand reached to pick up the phone and order his driver to take them back to his place .
` ` i ' m not sure why i did n't just bring you back to my place for lunch .
` ` i mean , i know you said you were taking me back to your place to cook for me but i did n't think you were really going to cook !
` ` the place i was staying had very good security .
i probably need something more conservative and less ... i ' m not sure what the right word is but these just seem inappropriate for my place tonight . ''
although she had to admit that isla was extremely happy with her current place .
it 's been a great place to stay while i ' ve been at school .
as it was , she knew how much money it took to care for a place like this and she could n't believe that the man only resided here part of the year .
it looked like a place out of a fairy tale and she 'd decided that , if she ever owned something like this , she 'd never leave it .
she knew he also had a place in london and someone in the coffee shop had mentioned he had some residences in other parts of the world but an argument ensued as to where those residences were .
it 's either going to be here or at my place .
` ` i thought we could have dinner at my place , then perhaps i could entice you to join me in my viewing room for some romantic comedy while you watch the screen and i devour your delicious body .
i 'll grab something when i get back to my place . ''
he wanted this back and forth business between her place and his to stop .
the first thing she had to do was find a place to live .
i kept wondering what was going on over at your place . ''
` ` do you have some place to go ? ''
on those days , she 'd meet him at her place or his and they would make dinner or make love , which ever was more important at the moment , then fall into bed , wrapped in each other 's arms .
she 'd been in the computer lab , getting an update but her spirits picked up when he accepted dinner at her place .
come on over to my place , '' he suggested .
he pulled back and looked at her , about to suggest they leave and head back to his place .
` ` come back to my place , '' he suggested again , his voice husky and barely above a whisper since it was difficult to speak with his body aching to continue the kiss , and more .
` ` like my place , '' she suggested before gus could finish his rejection of her idea .
come to my place and let me make love to you .
come to my place , '' he groaned into her mouth .
he wanted her to come to his place ?
she was a little wary about facing him after the previous night 's scene at his place , but she knew he 'd search her out if she even tried to hide from him .
` ` why do n't you just come to my place , we can make love and get over your concerns now ? ''
` ` okay , meet me at my place in thirty minutes .
` ` this is so completely different from your current place .
do it before i decide not to play our little game and just storm into your place and take you and to hell with what everyone says . ''
i did n't have the heart to break his illusions about his happy place by letting ed know that all was not fine in ze morgue .
we will sleep at your place tonight . ''
the pole dancing cage glittered like a neon rainbow , while at the center of the suite a crystal heart - shaped chandelier showered golden light all over the place .
alyx shrieked when she came to my place for a visit while constantijin was out for another emergency .
` ` jen 's place , right ? ''
yet another reason why she needed to get her own place .
at that rate , melanie would never move out of her dad 's place .
` ` do n't order me to come to your place just for sex .
now she wanted to come over to his place .
` ` instead of calling me to talk dirty , why do n't you come to my place and be dirty with me instead ? ''
i ' m staying at zoe 's place . ''
chapter fifteen ` ` you two looking for a place to stay the night ? ''
her husband , yeah she could refer to him in her head like that , ambled over to the kitchen like he owned the place .
` ` i ' m perfectly content with my snobbery and the knowledge that i will never , ever live in a place like this , '' sasha said .
this house felt more like home to him than any place he 'd ever lived before , but he suspected it had more to do with its owner than the actual structure .
he 'd never been content to stay in one place .
` ` and guess who 's looking for a place to live around here , too ? ''
` ` i hope you do n't mind , but i saw alexander this morning at daisy 's bakery and he happened to mention that he was looking for a place to rent .
` ` on the contrary , i think your place would be absolutely perfect , '' a low male voice drawled .
` ` looks like your place is the only one that will meet my needs . ''
` ` tomorrow , i 'll drive you back to town and you can find another place to stay . ''
one of the teens i ' ve been mentoring has finally made the decision to leave his crew , but he needs a place to live and work .
` ` rose , if you and the little one need a place to stay , missy and i have an extra room .
at least rose had a place to go .
well , sleeping at skye 's place was out .
` ` i need to line up a job , find a place to live , and get my bearings . ''
and neither did haven 's offer of a place to stay or the luggage she packed with all those clothes .
if she thought really hard , she could vaguely remember a conversation about his lease being up and needing a place to stay .
a place to call home , with the woman who loves me waiting inside .
sebastian heard the story , and had paid for her to be moved to a nicer place , with private medical care .
we 're supposed to be at her place in fifteen minutes . ''
those perfectly sexy lips had made her sigh the first time he had come into her place and eaten cupcakes .
` ` but- '' ` ` and do n't get me started about him leaving your place the other day , after an extended period of time .
` ` let 's go to your place and talk , '' sebastian said softly .
here was home , the place he 'd bought with her in mind , in order to make happy memories .
if i were seeing this place for the first time , i 'd think it neat as well , '' he offered and maneuvered her so that he was the one in the chair and she was in his lap .
` ` how about drinks ... at my place ? ''
` ` if drinks at your place are anything like this , i do n't think i 'll be able to finish in one sitting . ''
` ` money or a place to stay ? ''
` ` be that as it may , you have limited resources , no place to stay , and you 're unmarried .
finding a permanent place to stay should n't be a problem , and it 's not like i want to take my daughter away from here .
he 'd rather pick her up at her place , but he 'd go along with her wishes .
i 'll order some pizza , pick up a case of your favorite beer , and we can watch a movie at my place . ''
` ` do you usually have dates over to your place ? ''
she had no job , no place to live , and no car , because she refused to take gabriel 's thoughtful gift with her .
why do n't you come out to my place in crystal bay ?
the whole place was a dollhouse .
` ` you know , once you 're settled into simon 's place , i could come up and do a mural in the baby 's room . ''
the memory of tula in his house was so strong that her absence made the whole place seem cavernous and as empty as a black hole .
it was a comfortable place that did n't bother trying to be trendy .
oh , he 'd come in occasionally to meet a woman , take her to dinner , then finish the evening at her place .
but as he told her about his place , sage realized something .
` ` you ' ve really been seeing a lot of him and now you 're off to stay with him at his place . ''
instead of the ironwork that made up much of the lassiter home ranch , sage 's place was all wood and glass .
* * * ` ` this is ed jackson 's place , '' sage said as he steered colleen down the rocky path toward the small one - bedroom cabin .
` ` i told you he had n't kept the place up . ''
` ` yeah , and then the next day , when i got to my girlfriend 's place , her roommate told me she was gone and would n't be back . ''
all she needed now was to find a place to live .
his cliffside place in l.a . and her cottage here in cheyenne .
you could have dropped two entire houses the size of hers into his suite on the ship , and yet there was something here that was lacking in his place , despite the luxury .
` ` what the hell have you done to this place ? ''
a place to call her own .
shifting his gaze across the garden and the wide stretch of neatly trimmed grass that ran down to the cliff 's edge and the sea beyond , he thought how small this place had once seemed to him .
as if this place had simply lain here , waiting for him to come home .
growing up in a series of foster homes , margie had never even dreamed of a place like this .
do i get thirty days to find a new place to live , or do i just get tossed out ? ''
` ` they had no place to go .
in the case of the tigers , there was n't enough space at the zoo and they were in desperate need of a place .
maybe his place in new york was different , but aside from the size of the house , the cars in the garage , and the exotic animals living on the premises , the house reminded her of an average home .
so , that he can have a place to go to if he was feeling out of sorts .
he drove us straight back to his place from the spa .
surprised , yes , but too exhausted to argue with him to take me back to my own place in covent garden .
entering his apartment , he flipped a switch and the lights flickered surrounding the place with a soft glow .
china town is close to our flat in covent garden so it did n't take us long to get back to our place .
he told me that he 's giving up his flat because the job in marbella might take up to a year to finish and there 's no need to keep a place here when he does n't obviously need it .
when i took camilla back to her place , she clung and kissed me goodnight .
sure , the place is squeaky clean , due to his housekeeper freya , no doubt - but it seemed like he wanted them just as is , like he expected me to be back here with him , again .
we were a minute or two away from her place .
` ` interesting really , since you and i were talking about buying our own place , even skirting around the subject of marriage . ''
when we left the pub , he hailed a cab to drop me off at my place first .
` ` i need a key to his place . ''
since it was early with not much traffic activity , it did n't take long until for me to reach his place .
i had forgotten that he had keys to my place ; i was just fortunate enough that i had absentmindedly put the top latch on .
you can do whatever you like - redecorate this entire place and make it into your own - i do n't care .
no place to call my own .
` ` and i ' m totally holding the cake hostage until you agree to weave your interior decorating magic on my place before you leave for the big city . ''
` ` you do remember what my place looks like ?
` ` i like your place . ''
` ` we 'll stop at your place on the way . ''
` ` i really never had a home , a place to grow up . ''
` ` i want you to know the layout of my place so you can go where you want , as you please .
along with his sisters and husbands and their kids , rick and vivi and their four hellions would land at his place , as well as devon .
let 's hit your place , shoot some pool .
and she wanted to stay in denver , despite the high cost of living and her aversion to staying in one place .
the first and only place she 'd ever considered home .
` ` i can go somewhere else if you want your place to yourself . ''
` ` if it goes that well , we wo n't make it back to my place . ''
he sped in the direction of devon 's place .
` ` when should i be at your place ? ''
she 'd miss this place when she took the job offer and moved to phoenix .
` ` john said he 'd handle the renovation on my place . ''
` ` you need a place to crash , just give me a heads up . ''
while he 'd endured yellow flowered wallpaper and the country ' 70s vibe in his place long enough , the frugal side of him balked at the ghastly amount for the renovations .
` ` some skinny guy with a faux - hawk came up to me and called me a ' big mountain man , ' then asked if i wanted to go back to his place and do some climbing . ''
` ` when i came to your place and saw pictures of flapper girls hanging on your walls , i figured you 'd like it . ''
` ` want to head back to my place and see peanut ? ''
her usual concerns about going to a guy 's place and spending the night rattled around in her brain .
looking past the drywall - dust - covered shag carpet and the half - wall of spindles blocking the cramped kitchen , he saw his current place overlaid with john 's architecture plans , transforming his house into something great and beautiful .
i 'd hate to think that the men who did this to her might be watching her place . ''
i spent a lot of nights at his place , but i had n't abandoned my apartment , yet .
i still have n't finished those newsletters , and i know i 'll be too distracted at your place . ''
but we need to go to his place . ''
this was the place that held one of the families that will had a part in destroying .
this place was far grander than anything she 'd ever lived in , and it was just a caretaker 's cottage .
tasha wondered if she 'd find it hard to leave this place in twenty years .
` ` a few more trips like this one , and you 'll have a place to eat , sleep and watch tv , '' dean said , poking fun at nick 's small short - bed truck .
it also helped that she had plenty to chat about after the dive , recalling what they 'd seen , comparing it to experiences in other places .
that was why she had gone to her place on sunday night to take refuge from grant 's occupation of her apartment .
` ` to your parents ' place .
not only was the place sheer luxury to tessa , but there was also the service of a daily maid who came in to do the housework , the washing and ironing , and whatever food shopping blaize required .
so he 'd learnt to make his own place .
this house was slowly turning into their home - not a showcase of intimidating possessions but a place which would soon become pleasing and harmonious and comfortable .
she swallowed hard to work some moisture down her throat and ruefully added , ' despite what you tell people , it will cause gossip , you know , with me leaving tony and staying at your place . '
miss elizabeth said they loved having a place of their own .
the children 's house was not her home , yet it felt more like one than any of the places she 'd lived in with her mother .
sometime in the next two months she would find a place of her own and please herself with the furnishings .
' when we ' ve finished shooting this season 's episodes for the show , and i ' ve moved to a place of my own , then i 'll go out with you if you still want me to , ' she 'd said , being very firm on this point .
' i need a place of my own , max , ' she asserted with quiet conviction , her eyes pleading for his acceptance .
i could n't wait to leave school , earn enough money to get a place of my own .
not only that , at the beginning of their affair , she 'd insisted they not appear in public together until the show was wrapped up for this season and she had a place of her own .
chapter twelve on the saturday before the last week of shooting the show , chloe finally found a place she was happy to rent .
they had residences in new york and london , villas in france and italy , but these were only places for their family to live when work demanded they be in other countries .
going to his place might not be very sensible , but what did she have to lose at this point ?
' i do n't know how to get to your place , ' she said , doing her utmost to project a calm acceptance of this progression in their relationship .
in fact , if she decided to move - in her own good time - it was much more practical to find a place that did n't have a time limit on it .
' i want to move you and matt to my place this weekend , ' he murmured .
' gavin has asked me to dinner at his place tonight .
i 'll drive to your place with my contribution . '
all she could think of was that being burned was a terrible way to die and bella had been so kind to her , taking her in , giving her a place to live , even letting her borrow her name so she could work at the venetian forum since everyone employed there had to be italian .
he scooped her out of her place , locked the door on it and held on to the key and her handbag as he forcefully escorted her out of the apartment building .
he was n't just staying in sydney for the ultrasound but acquiring a place for them to live in ?
having places to live - even palatial penthouse apartments - had always been nothing more than conveniences for him .
this place is his , fair and square , and i ' m glad to have a job because i know i ca n't expect any support from you , mother .
` ` got to make him happy to have this place to come to .
or maybe he did n't want that with her at all , just a place to come home to now and then without any sexual complications .
he was giving her a new start with the top running for a good job and a lovely place to live until she became independent again .
' spending the night at your girlfriend 's place . '
' if you give me the key to the apartment you can drop me off at my place , and i 'll take a cab later to the apartment . '
i can take you to your place and wait downstairs until you are ready to go to the apartment . '
anyway , ` ` i ' m not too keen on that practice either , '' he said , so we went back to his place . '
i prepare some food - grilled cheese on toast , and , eat it alone - i clean up after myself and wander about the place .
the trip to her place is less uncomfortable than i thought it might be as lana first gets a phone call from blake .
' this is a nice place you have . '
vann will wonder what they are about when they arrive at his place .
somebody has been to his place .
in fact , at the moment , she 'd like to be back in her cozy place in hunter 's landing , sitting beside her own fire , with a glass of white wine and a good book .
nice for you to see the place you 'll be living for the next month and maybe it will help you see how important it is to us that you and your friends complete the stipulations of mr . palmer 's will . ''
he hissed in a breath , took a sharp turn at the head of the stairs and headed for the only bedroom in the place that had been furnished .
` ` he 's not at the house , mom - i ' m at his place . ''
why did n't you just keep them at your folks ' place ? ''
` ` going to stay with my brother nick and his family until i find a place of my own . ''
he 's got a huge place .
` ` you did n't have to come by , i was going to drive to your place later . ''
why do n't you drive it on our trip back to my place , get used to the feel of it ? ''
she knew she was looking at her past , because no matter what happened over the next six months , she and her daughter would n't return to this place .
even casey was finding it hard to sleep in a new place .
the house itself was gigantic and though it took casey a couple of days to learn her way around , she had to admit that there was a warmth to the place she had n't expected .
` ` the day after you took the flight to paris , marian went to see her at your place . ''
smiling to himself , jesse tossed the photo onto his desk , turned around and looked down main street to bella 's place .
he 'd moved in , bought up property and immediately started ruining the only place she 'd ever called home .
but even as she enjoyed the sight of her place , once jesse 's ` ` rehab '' was finished , it would lose all its character .
i 'll pick you up at your place . ''
on the other side of bella 's place , kevin 's house was dark .
he glanced next door at her friend kevin 's house , but the place was dark and there were no cars in the driveway , so she was n't hiding out with him .
i 'll see you later at my place , honey ? ''
she 's been staying at my place , but she went back home this morning . ''
the one room in the whole place that had n't been colored by her scent .
she looked around and saw the place as it had been that long - ago night .
while you drive me around your place , you can have the chance to elaborate as to why you do n't want to take me up on my offer to rent your farm for an already mentioned exorbitant amount of money . ''
he 'd only come to ireland looking for a place to make a movie .
a woman 's hormones are all over the place when she 's carrying . ''
his cell - phone number , numbers for his brothers , his cousins , his office , his home , his vacation home in the mountains and even for the places he kept in london and paris .
she not only wanted to understand him , she wanted to make him understand her and this place he 'd moved to .
` ` my point , '' his cousin said on a chuckle , ` ` is that you knew that christmas tree farm was there when you bought your place a year ago .
he had moved in only two months ago - since the construction crew he 'd hired right after buying the place had spent nearly ten months remodeling .
oh , she loved her own place too , of course .
` ` not surprising since you 're running back and forth between the farm and the rich guy 's place .
i ' m not even due at your place for another three hours . ''
he 's got a glass house behind his place .
giving mike a brisk nod , he walked off toward the front of the farm and the road that would take him to his place .
yet , once he 'd grown up and had his own place , he 'd never once considered getting a dog for himself .
small white twinkling lights , strung between the telephone poles and wound through the branches of the trees separating the farm from his place .
lots of plumbing to bring the old place up to code .
rafe preferred his own place , a penthouse suite in a hotel in huntington beach .
` ` nobody likes having their place invaded and their life turned upside down . ''
after several long seconds , he smoothed her skirt back down and whispered , ` ` let 's go back to your place . ''
i ' ve been to dinner at their place .
` ` like i was saying , you look wonderful and if you 're not busy this friday , i ' m having a small , intimate party at my place and- '' ` ` we 'll be busy , '' lucas told her , then looked at rose .
when he had a woman in his life , they either met at her place or wound up at a luxury hotel for the night .
next door , an older woman was holding one end of a leash while an ancient - looking beagle wandered aimlessly around the yard looking for a place to go .
the place was so small , they probably all thought of each other as family .
he 'd always liked his place , loved the beach community and the easygoing pace of life .
if you need a place for your workmen to stay , i have another , smaller hotel not far from here .
since they had the place to themselves , there was no reason not to discuss it .
but hotels got damned impersonal and on the rare occasions when garrett was n't traveling all over the damn globe , he had wanted a place that was his .
since griffin 's beachside condo was for sale , the constant stream of lookie - loos prowling through his place on a daily basis was making him nuts .
tastefully decorated by a woman griffin had once dated , the place had never really felt like a home , and with garrett making some major changes in his life , it had struck griffin that maybe it was time he did some changing of his own .
` ` besides , '' griffin added , ` ` this way , you 'll be close by while they 're working on your place and you can stay on top of things . ''
happily married couple offering her a place to stay , or a matching offer from a gorgeous , single guy who made every one of her hormones stand up to do a fast boogie .
offer her sanctuary , a place to stay , and he could do it all without groping or seducing her .
it 's a wonder the place did n't catch fire years ago . ''
` ` i want her place fixed . ''
it was one thing to accept griffin 's offer of a place to stay , but she was n't about to let him pay for the kitchen rehab .
she turned her head to look across the fence at her place , now empty and burned , and she hoped her grandparents did n't know .
and she and her son had a place to stay that was n't costing them a fortune .
otherwise , he was either in that damned hot tub or at the job site at her place or out in his car .
or until you move back to your place . ''
this place had become a second home to him over the past week or more .
seven the following day , connor was at preschool , and nicole was back at sandy 's place with a question about that week 's billing .
` ` griffin accidentally started a fire in my kitchen and i did n't have a place to stay , so griffin offered to let us move in here while lucas and his crew fixed my kitchen and ... '' she was talking too fast and could n't seem to stop herself .
damn it , griff , where is the place you ' ve felt most at home ? ''
no one was going to ruin this place .
they never stayed in one place more than a month and only came back to their home base occasionally , so it was impossible to make friends .
at his place .
instead , you came here , to my place . ''
she shrugged as if it did n't matter , when the truth was all of her life she had longed for a place to call home .
he could n't help wondering what she would think of the shower at his place , with its six massaging heads and the heated seats carved into the granite enclosure .
should n't you be at colt 's place ? ''
move in at his place for the duration .
heck , she 'd never even seen the place colt called home .
penny thought about colt 's place and could n't help wondering how things might have been .
let her get a good look at the place she wanted to be a part of .
foolish , she supposed , to have assumed she 'd had the place to herself .
whatever their reasons , they 'd all come here looking for work and wound up finding a place to call home .
she 'd find out soon and then , while she still was able , she 'd leave him here on his precious mountain and find another place to belong .
tear this place apart , stone by stone if necessary , but find her !
they 're all that was left after the place stefan and i were born in was razed during a siege . ''
when i rebuilt this place , '' he said , putting his arm around her waist and drawing her against his side , ` ` i tried to redesign it in a way that even i could n't breach it .
the estate is quickly falling into disrepair , and there is only a skeleton staff of servants left on the place . ''
assuming he agrees , i 'll need a place to stay nearby .
to clayton , however , his house was a place of haunting memories where he could not sleep , and when he did , could not escape the recurring nightmare of what had happened there seven endless agonizing nights ago .
whitney tried to ignore the stab of anguish that came with knowing she had to leave him , while she tried to think of a place she could go .
she wished she had married paul and lived quietly in the security of a place where she could belong .
i would live in a tiny place in london and have friends .
` ` jon 's aunt just told us that his father and mother decided at the last minute to spend the weekend at their summer place instead of coming here- '' jonathan 's overloud , slurred greeting made everyone within hearing turn and stare , including his aunt and uncle and meredith 's father .
the car rattled and pounded over the wooden planks of a little bridge that spanned a creek , rounded a curve , and meredith had her first glimpse of the place he called home .
everyone had a place to go , something to do .
in the past few days , the idea of being a real wife , with a husband and a place of their own , had taken on an enormous appeal despite the daunting description he 'd given her of what that place of their own would probably be like .
in the past few days , the idea of being a real wife , with a husband and a place of their own , had taken on an enormous appeal despite the daunting description he 'd given her of what that place of their own would probably be like .
` ` i 'd give you a ride to her place , but it 's late and this is wednesday- '' ` ` and your fiance always has dinner at your apartment on wednesday , right ? ''
` ` we 're going to talk tonight , '' he said , gentling his tone , ` ` either here or at your place .
i 'll bring it along and after dinner we can spend a quiet , productive evening at - your place or mine ? ''
an aura of beauty and tranquillity pervaded the place , and he found it nearly impossible to imagine his frivolous film - star ex - wife living happily in such relative seclusion as this .
when she reached the gate in the white picket fence that surrounded the yard , she stood there , looking at the house , her knees shaking so hard that they banged together at the thought of being banished from this place .
right now , your new electrician probably thinks he knows what all i did wrong , but if something shows up after you drywall that place , you 'll be tearin ' down walls a week after addelson moves in .
he thought my parents were building the house on wilson 's ridge for themselves because they wanted a smaller place , because that 's what i let him believe .
as she wended her way up the long wide drive that climbed through the trees to the top of the hill , she remembered what zack had told her about the day he 'd left this place .
she picked up her pen , her ears attuned to an announcement of a news update , and began to write again : carl , i 'd like you and sara to have all my household things that you can use for your new place .
her laughter bubbled out and he grinned at her , but his grin faded as she challenged , ` ` do you love me enough to take me by my father 's place before we go to dinner ? ''
he was drunk , emily realized with a pang of frustration and sorrow as she looked around at the gloomy interior of his place , not dead drunk but stumbling drunk .
he had balloons all over the place and a beautiful cake - always a chocolate cake decorated with pink frosting , because i was a girl .
said to tell you they 're expecting you to stay at their place , no matter how late it is when you get there . ''
i 'll find a place to live in the village . ''
` ` tomorrow at dawn at my place .
after all his farming financial triumphs and aimless sexual exploits , he had finally found what he had unconsciously been searching for : he had found the place he belonged .
this was his home , the place where he was born , and where he 'd grown to manhood .
` ` berta , '' she breathed on a smothered giggle , ` ` will you look at this place ! ''
chapter 10 the country seat of lord john marchman , earl of canford , was a place of such unhampered , unplanned , raw beauty that elizabeth temporarily forgot the purpose of her visit as she stared out the window .
through the haze of tears she noticed for the first time that the place looked as if it had n't been cleaned in a year .
she would never like this place , but she would preside over all his other homes with grace and poise .
thinking he was waiting for her to say more about his splendid house , she gave him a jaunty smile and teasingly said , ` ` ? twill be a sacrifice , to be sure , but i shall contrive to endure the hardship of living in such a place as this , how many rooms are there ? ''
whatever designer redid this place apparently decided that my family lived in another century or something .
i needed a place to live .
chapter two fortunately , in a place as large as huntington manor , it 's easy to avoid people .
the place is a mess .
` ` well , '' i say , trying to keep my voice neutral , ` ` i imagine it 's hard for one family to keep up with a place like this . ''
` ` but if you were born to a place like this , '' i say , ` ` if your family history was built into these walls , would you have just been able to give it up ? ''
and by the progress you all have made with this place since the last time i dropped in .
i wanted to give them the opportunity to experience life in a place like this , even if it 's only for a week or a night or an hour .
` ` i know i was a little harsh about some of the upgrading decisions the family made , '' he says , ` ` but on the whole this place is pretty fucking cool .
seeing what they ' ve done to this place ?
if only the rain could seep down through the roof and- and maybe i ca n't have rain , but that does n't mean i ca n't get this place a little wet .
just suffice it to say that i needed a place to stay , and i took advantage of an opportunity .
what would she think of the rest of his place ?
she would find his place cold and impersonal .
but staying with him at his place seemed like a big step .
` ` why do n't we skip going out for dinner and head straight to my place . ''
he wanted to believe callie was back at his place resting .
` ` just got to your place .
her father told her to treat the place like home and invite friends to visit if she wanted .
the bed and breakfast had no paying guests so her mom and brother had opened its doors to anyone who needed a place to stay .
they 'd either made arrangements with other family members or found places to stay outside of town so there were fewer children around today .
` ` and maybe to some place more exotic .
she had another week of leave left but she intended to spend it at her own place .
when she arrived at cliff house two days earlier the place had already been a buzz of activity with preparations .
on both occasions he 'd dropped his date off at her place and had gone home alone .
this afternoon they were flying up to his place in alicante , a small town located about an hour from sacramento .
since their time in california they had n't spent a weekend apart he either flew out to see her , or sara traveled to his place .
then they could spend all their time alone at his place .
from that day on he frequently had tea when he came to her place rather than his usual coffee .
with a nod sara launched into the entire story including her conversation with jake during his unexpected visit to her place .
` ` i guess that means you 'll be looking for a place to live . ''
` ` until i find a place , i ' m staying in my parents ' apartment . ''
yet the apartment would provide him the perfect home base while he hunted for a new place .
she 'd seen him at many sherbrooke events callie had invited her to , as well as at callie and dylan 's place in new york countless times when she 'd gone to visit .
regardless of what inspired the home , the place was nothing like the apartment callie had once lived in or the homes lauren normally visited .
exactly how she got from her house to his place , she 'd never know .
it was the place their two families had normally stayed in new hampshire .
when she 'd told nate about the difficulties she was having finding a place she liked on such short notice , he 'd suggested they just skip the formal wedding altogether .
she had to find a place .
if i do n't we 'll stay here until we need a bigger place . ''
no place he 'd lived since joining the marines had felt like home until now , and all because lauren was there .
once back at his place , he 'd let her determine just how far things went .
since the beginning of her career she 'd been in and worked on several luxury projects , but this place put all except one to shame .
` ` will you come by my place when you 're done ? ''
a statement like that might send her running all the way back to her own place .
tomorrow we can go back to your place so you can get clean clothes . ''
there 's no reason you ca n't go to work from my place the next day . ''
in fact , she did n't want to think about going back to living without him when her brother vacated her place .
they invited us to their place in connecticut for the weekend . ''
` ` this place has felt like a home rather than just a place to sleep and shower since you ' ve been here . ''
` ` i do n't want you to move back to your place when your brother leaves . ''
i 'll have to rent my place or something , but that does n't bother me . ''
ready for a place of her own , chloe decided to move out of the apartment she shared with two roommates and rent addie 's place with the plan to buy at some point .
ready for a place of her own , chloe decided to move out of the apartment she shared with two roommates and rent addie 's place with the plan to buy at some point .
all of her stuff remained at his place .
the selfish ass in him decided the longer chloe stayed at his place , the longer he had to enlist her help .
right now his place was full of memories and was the last place he wanted to be .
` ` can you please tell him , i 'll be here a while and to just meet me at my place .
i followed this chick all the way to her place , but when we got there , she fell asleep !
` ` how about next friday i sleep over , and then you spend the rest of the weekend at my place before the family dinner ?
she has the place to herself .
we 're going to my place for the rest of the weekend . ''
this would be my first time at his place .
the days that marcus was at my place , it was never there .
i 'd never seen it near his place as well , so i did n't want to worry him with my speculations .
it 's not that i do n't like being at your place ; i just have n't been home in over a week , and i would just like to go home . ''
when we entered her place , she hurried around to grab fresh towels and blankets .
as much as i liked her place , it was n't home .
though when i thought of home my first thought was n't the place i shared with jeremy .
` ` sara , thank you again for all of this ... you know you 're welcome to stop by my place anytime . ''
she came over to my place a lot , and i was sure it was because she had a thing for jeremy .
we went our separate ways as i went home and she went to her place , well , the place that she shared with my mother .
we went our separate ways as i went home and she went to her place , well , the place that she shared with my mother .
i had n't seen elle for the past couple of weeks either , with her being in school and with my sleeping in my damn car at night watching mia 's place .
i thought you were at zac 's place . ''
` ` you did n't tell me you 'd be staying over at his place .
i ' m almost at your place .
i ' m not sure if i ' m invited up , but i ' m not at all crazy about her going to his place without me .
i ' m really going to hate taking her back to stay at his place again .
i would ' ve left last night if i 'd had a place to go .
i 'll need to open windows tomorrow and air the place out .
i start my family update by telling her about the morning mum stormed into my place at sydney and beat me with her purse after i confessed the truth about our relationship .
my parents have invited me to dinner at my mom 's place .
i know i should ' ve called first , but i was out driving and found myself in front of your place .
we walk toward our bedroom , me following her , and i totally expect her to slam the door in my face or tell me to find another place to sleep .
i ' m sorry i have n't made time to bring you back sooner , but harold stalks this place , constantly checking to make sure everything is as it should be .
we ' ve taken my in - laws out to dinner instead of cooking at their place .
she knew she could spend weeks poring over every detail , but in its whole , she felt this was a place this formidable man had wanted his family to love , to feel at home in from the moment they set foot in it .
` ` my place is the place where i live .
` ` my place is the place where i live .
she had n't thought what his place would be like .
between here and the guest apartment at your place , you 'll spoil ryan and rose so much that i might have to find us a new place when we return home . ''
between here and the guest apartment at your place , you 'll spoil ryan and rose so much that i might have to find us a new place when we return home . ''
and even though guilt and dread haunted her , this was the only place she wanted to be .
he 'd wanted them to have a place all their own , a place he had n't been before , where all the memories would be of her , of them .
` ` would you like to come to my place ? ''
when there was none , he prowled into her reception area , shrinking it , making everything look drab and insignificant in comparison , her neat place , herself - life .
she could n't imagine living in the place he 'd described , let alone having any role , any say in it .
they 'll be waiting for us back at my place . ''
` ` i ' m not asking you to come to my place to share my bed .
take the next , and all the time you stay at my place , to settle down , relax , enjoy my company , savor me as i intend to savor you . ''
i never wanted to leave , but it took me almost two decades to realize my boyhood dream , when i finally owned this place . ''
once i confirmed that none of my coworkers would suspect vincent was taking me to his place , i hopped into the passenger seat .
when we neared my place , all humor and playfulness evaporated from my system , replaced by the anxiety from earlier .
i ' m curious to see your place . ''
the engine started and we headed toward his place .
` ` i guess i ' m just looking forward to seeing your place . ''
how did things go at his place ? ''
over the past two days , i 'd constantly thought about him and our multiple sex sessions at his place .
a position i was intimately familiar with since the night at his place .
his apartment was further away from campus than my room so we 'd been spending a lot of time at my place .
marty was going to yale law school in connecticut but had shown up at my place unexpectedly .
` ` when i went to your place in boston , i found out you were n't there .
meeting him at his office as opposed to his place or my place would make it easier to leave after the discussion .
meeting him at his office as opposed to his place or my place would make it easier to leave after the discussion .
vincent was too distracting in his office , dressed in his business attire , but maybe we 'd both be more focused if we had the conversation at my place .
i 'd moved out of my place with riley and in with vincent .
i thought a moment about how i knew nothing about this guy and was going over to his place .
he 'd been right : his place was much closer than the dorms .
it was surprisingly neat for a guy 's place .
i can get you back to your place after i wash up . ''
i thought it 'd be a relief to sit down and relax but i found myself tense and restless , wondering who this guy was and what i 'd gotten myself into by agreeing to come to his place .
i noticed again how unusually neat the place was .
it would be completely awkward considering i 'd ran off from his place without explanation .
maybe he 'd demand to come over to my place to take his clothes back .
` ` hey , i saved your life , lent you my clothes , made you tea , and let you shower at my place .
then you ran off from my place because you were in a hurry to go home . ''
you were n't wearing a bra after you showered at my place and i could see your ni**les poking through your shirt after you touched my leg .
maybe your place or our place .
maybe your place or our place .
his place looked the same as when i was last here .
why was i always sneaking out of his place ?
otherwise i 'd owe her an explanation , and i did not want to have to explain that i 'd slept over at hunter 's place last night .
` ` i slept over at hunter 's place . ''
i just went over to his place to watch some movies we rented and i fell asleep on his couch .
sleeping over at his place was a mistake , not a joke .
` ` -is it because you stayed over at my place after we watched those movies ? ''
` ` why are you freaking out about staying over at my place ?
you want me to kick you outta my place when you fall asleep on my couch ?
` ` but we need to get food and stuff for them because i do n't have anything at my place .
speaking of which , i have to go over to his place to feed his kittens . ''
i was in the bathroom and i heard them talking about how they went over to your place to see the kittens and how hot you looked with rampage .
` ` yeah , i was at his place to feed the kittens on valentine 's day and ... well ... something happened between us . ''
i took a calm breath , expecting him to be as understanding as he had been when i got angry about sleeping over at his place .
after debating it over in my mind and considering other options , i decided i was going to go over a little earlier to feed the kittens , hoping it would give me a greater chance of avoiding him in case he decided to come back from the gym early to catch me still at his place .
it was amazing to think about how so much had changed since the first time i came over to his place .
lem me guess , then you 're going back to his place to hang out with the kittens ? ''
we 're at my place , we 're safe now . ''
spending so much time with him at his place , i had time to work on art pieces for the portfolio competition .
instead of heading back to my dorm , i decided to head for his place .
i went over to his place to wait for him so that we could talk , but he never showed up .
had he gone back to his place last night ?
his place was so neat and tidy .
i did n't really have a place that felt like home at that moment .
i wanted to stay and talk and i went to your place and then i waited but- '' he held on to me tighter and i buried my face into his soft hoodie again .
` ` i waited at your place for hours , hunter . ''
` ` well , the thing is , the kittens are actually in the car , and i did n't want to bring them in and mess up your place . ''
daniela and i had n't spoken since a couple of days after i got to my aunt 's place .
that 's why he had an air force shirt , and his place was so neat .
` ` well ... the other reason i was calling was to tell you i ' m not going to be able to make it to your aunt 's place for spring break .
` ` well , you ' ve only got a few more days before you got ta submit your portfolio , so i figured you might want some better drawing subjects than the inside of your aunt 's place and bernie . ''
for the next few minutes , i gave her a rundown of hunter showing up at my aunt 's place and how we agreed to work things out .
he 'd decided that since he would be staying in eltingville with me at least for a few more months , he wanted to move out and get a place of his own .
even though my aunt tried to convince him to stay longer , we were pretty excited about looking around for a new place for him .
plus , hunter having his own place would free up opportunities for fun activities we could engage in without having to worry about whose house we were in .
the place looked so abandoned i practically expected a tumbleweed to roll across the hallway .
` ` i live in a tiny place i can barely afford .
this place was more insane than my friend , kristen 's place - and her husband was a billionaire .
this place was more insane than my friend , kristen 's place - and her husband was a billionaire .
one day we found these guitars tossed in the alley , and took them back to his place to jam .
tight quarters , but he was happy he had a place , and i liked to be anywhere that was n't home .
then again , there was n't a straight shot of the subway from our place to norma 's office , so i was pretty much screwed no matter what .
` ` norma just told the lawyer that we did n't have any place for you to stay .
when they let me out of there , i 'll need a place .
it will take a long time to get out of that house and into a place of my own with the kind of wage they offered .
` ` i ca n't let you stay at our place , daddy .
having a place to come home to every night - or morning , in my case - a place that was more of a person than a location .
having a place to come home to every night - or morning , in my case - a place that was more of a person than a location .
and we 're not visiting - we 're looking for a place to live . ''
i 'll have boyd order dinner in for all of us at our place .
while the circumstances were not the best , i was actually looking forward to having a place of my own .
the drive was at least thirty minutes from his place in hollywood hills if he could manage to avoid traffic .
the place seemed much more pretentious than the heather he 'd known and grown to , well , care for , but she 'd also changed a lot in the several weeks since they 'd met .
and i had the place to myself - perfection .
` ` come to my place after you finish here . ''
was it totally inappropriate for me to ask if i could lounge around his place while he went to work ?
the conversation had only taken place on sunday when we 'd been at his parent 's place in the hamptons .
` ` he took me to his place .
i also needed to figure out what i was going to do about a place to live .
though it was necessary to go to my place , i did n't want hudson to think i did n't want to be with him , that i did n't want to be invited back .
` ` i do need a new place to live . ''
we could go back to my place and get something that we bought last time . ''
as further proof , if i needed it , he 'd brought me to his place when he could have easily taken me to my own .
the penthouse was dark , the place quiet except for the sound of the grandfather clock .
why do you think i had a key to his place ?
once inside her place , liesl tucked me into her bed with a glass of straight tequila .
that you 're welcome to come back to the penthouse - he 's staying at his other place . ''
` ` then we could drive to atlantic city this weekend and check out david 's new place .
the place was almost exactly the way i 'd left it , except the cleaning lady had been through .
i could go to the loft , slip in while hudson was in his meetings , and feel him in the place that he 'd been living .
even if we got a two - bedroom place together as we 'd been talking about doing , we could n't afford anything that big .
right now , the things here are the only things that made this house a place i 'd want to live .
` ` and when i move back in , we can refurnish this place from scratch .
i had already been thinking it was time to get a place of my own .
though the loft had been everything from a f**k pad to a place to crash after a long day at work , it was always first and foremost our place - mine and celia 's .
in fact , it 's not hard to imagine how well the place could do with a few tweaks .
it almost bothers me to see her in this place where i ' ve had other women .
so it does n't hurt when we arrive at her place and she gets out of the car .
* * * my mind spins all the way to my parents ' place .
the carpet , like the faded satin coverlet on the bed and the matching curtains at the windows , needed a hasty burial - along with the rest of this time - locked place .
` ` your place or mine ? ''
dylan had swept her off her feet and then just as swiftly disappeared , she 'd left the only place she 'd known as home for years to come to a strange city , and now she was living in an opulent hotel suite three times the size of her old stateroom .
` ` you could also come over and join us for game night on sunday at my place . ''
for example , although part of me is sitting here thinking , wow here 's this amazingly smart and sexy woman and i really want to get to know her better , there 's still that other part of me that 's thinking i want to take her back to my place and bang her until she ca n't walk straight . ''
i invited you over to my place to spend time with my friends .
since we were just hanging out at his place i dressed casually in cut - offs and my ` ` brainy is the new sexy '' tee - shirt .
i wanted to apologize to every woman in that courtroom and then i wanted to grab you and take you back to my place and make you come like ten times . ''
` ` i ' m going to drop these files off and then i ' m going back to my place to finish packing , and look forward to having carnal knowledge of you tonight . ''
my family 's brownstone on the upper east side was stylish , but this place was beautiful .
i did a quick search and discovered that cole 's district was just outside the city and that he had a place there and in harrisburg , the state capital .
he had a place in society hill , another center city neighborhood which was very near here .
we finished dinner and cam hung out for a while longer before heading back to his place .
want to bring your stuff over to my place ? ''
by the way , we 're sharing a room at my parent 's place too , and i have to admit that i have the same freudian issues about them hearing us , so i ' m really going to try to be quiet tonight . ''
* * * at six that evening our train pulled into penn station and we got a cab to my parent 's place on the upper east side .
` ` maybe you should spend more time at my place , '' braden suggested .
hopefully , it 's just an isolated incident , but i would feel better if you would spend a couple nights during the week at my place and let come home with you some nights too . ''
` ` you should come to game night tomorrow and stay over at my place . ''
you could go to her place and distract her , and jess and i could sneak in and try to find something with her writing on . ''
he still wanted to spend the night together , though , so i told him that he should come by and pick me up at ten and that i would go back to his place with him .
so the next night bruno was off at daddy 's place when jess and cam and i piled into my mini cooper at eight - thirty and headed for marla 's townhouse .
i told braden i would be ready to go to his place by ten . ''
by the time we got back to his place it was eleven .
braden and i were spending every evening together at either his place or mine .
when we got back to our place , after picking up bruno of course , we ordered chinese and went over the plan .
` ` let 's go up to your place , '' braden said loudly over the top of the noise .
` ` right now i would like my girlfriend to come back with me to my place , but i would like her to please go change her clothes first so that my doorman does n't think i ' m bringing home a hooker .
we said goodbye to everyone and headed back to his place with bruno .
chapter one july after leaving the police station we headed back to braden 's place .
i loved the way that those windows made the place feel warm and open during the day and at night provided a breathtaking view of the twinkling city lights .
i wandered around the apartment that would eventually become my place too , stopping to look again at the pictures hanging on braden 's wall , the harvard crew he rowed with , braden with adam and mark at georgetown law , braden with his family in martha 's vineyard , and finally , the most recent addition , braden looking debonair in his tux and me not looking too shabby in my gown at his family 's fundraiser last month .
she suggested that we spend time at their place with him .
braden 's parents are out of town this weekend and it 's just his younger brother at their place .
` ` braden , why do n't we just go to my place ? ''
i meant to ask if she could come to your parents ' place for the weekend too . ''
saturday we can all meet at my parents ' place , '' braden said resignedly .
` ` you know , if we 're all going out together friday night and we 're spending saturday night at your parents ' place , mark and i are n't going to unwind this weekend , '' adam said significantly to braden .
i 'll pick up bruno and go back to my place and then lily and jess and i can get ready and have some fun of our own together .
she came over to our place at eight and she looked great in a red dress that flattered her curvy figure and her dark brown hair and eyes .
drew 's crashing with cameron , so he 's at his place . ''
braden would probably have the place raided by a swat team if he discovered i was missing .
chapter nine we went to my apartment to get bruno and then started off on the two block trip back to braden 's place .
` ` i suppose you want us to stay at your place tonight so you can hear all about it when she gets home ? ''
` ` you want to stay at my place ?
chapter fifteen ` ` we can go to my place ! ''
i even followed her all the way to her parents ' place in new york .
the whole place smelled like pine trees and apples .
you would n't want to be at my place at night , '' i added , looking at adam .
` ` thanks , but i ' m not going to date somebody just for a place to live .
jesus , i really needed to clean this place .
` ` you think someone broke into your place because you smelled spicy cooking and your drapes were closed ? ''
` ` i could mail you a signed copy of ... '' ` ` i have it at my place .
` ` or maybe we should go back to my place and take care of it another way . ''
somehow , we made it back to his place alive .
i 'll stop and pick up some things and then i 'll spend the night at your place . ''
we picked up his stuff at his place and he surprised me again by taking me out to dinner .
later , back at my place , i sat down at my desk to write and he sat at my table and went over some of his cases for the next day .
actually , i ' m pretty sure that 's why he asked me if we were more than casual , because he wanted to know if my increased presence here at your place would raise any suspicions . ''
he 's going back to his place . ''
` ` so , how about we go to my place and take a bath ? ''
chapter twenty - five ` ` there 's a bottle of wine in the cupboard , why do n't you go open it and pour us some while i run a bath , '' he said as soon as we got to his place .
` ` are you guys at your place ? ''
he gathered together what he considered living essentials , clothes , toiletries , electronics , books and phillies baseball memorabilia , and moved them in to my place .
chapter twenty - seven as soon as we got back to my place , adam started looking for a locksmith open on sundays , and i went to find the black bag i had taken to inferno with me .
he would want to go back to his place .
it 's true , it is n't quite as colorful as your place .
` ` he wanted to know if we wanted to come over tonight after we left my parents ' place .
` ` i 'll stay at your place . ''
we eventually went over to my place , where my mother had arrived , and upon seeing my building , had immediately begun trying to find somewhere else to stay .
maybe we should eventually think about getting a bigger place too , since you seem convinced that we 'll have kids someday . ''
hannah said we could come over and stay at her place overnight next weekend to watch josh .
` ` speaking of tense , you would n't let me touch you when we were at your parents ' place but you had sex in their basement with abby 's college roommate ? ''
our anticipation got more intense as we got closer to our place - there i said it - our place .
our anticipation got more intense as we got closer to our place - there i said it - our place .
` ` adam was so put out that lily was coming along that night to club 51 and that weekend to my parents ' place , '' braden said .
it was quite a change from the place i had been living in just prior to moving in with adam .
she 's had a thing for you since you guys visited my parents ' place in our first year of law school .
i have a car coming , so you can just meet me at my place at about quarter of .
occasionally i brought one back to my place , but i usually liked to keep my private space private .
` ` no , i was just remembering seeing you out by the pool at your parents ' place once , wearing this little white bikini .
` ` then i want you to come back to my place .
my family 's home was quite impressive , but this place was amazing .
` ` when we get to your place why do n't you grab some clothes for tomorrow and change into something more comfortable . ''
` ` when we get back to my place , i 'll change , and then we can maybe dance ?
fifteen minutes later , we were back at his place .
i was immediately in love with his place .
well , go to your place and lock the doors and do n't let anyone in .
i ' m almost at my place now .
` ` was this at his place ? ''
chapter seventeen beth june mark stood with his arm around my waist , out by the pool at my parents ' place .
` ` i better go back to my place and eat a real dinner , and i want to do some laundry before bed . ''
why do n't i drive you to your place and drop you off .
what the hell was wrong with the presentation that you had to mess with it and leave the place looking like a bomb went off ?
get over to my place as soon as you read this .
403 - you better be leaving your place and not sitting in front of mine .
` ` will he be at your sister 's place tonight ? ''
hope followed her to the door and walked across the hall to her place .
` ` let 's go back to your place . ''
i 'll finish up shopping and see you at my place around seven ? ''
i could n't stop thinking about hailey 's phone call as i drove amelia back to her place .
i looked around the small place she called home and was quite impressed at how cozy it seemed .
i would pick her up and we 'd grab carryout from somewhere and take it back to her place .
i really needed to get my own place .
` ` i know you ' ve been itching to get a place of your own and , if you think it 's cool , i would like to buy you the apartment that 's for sale on the same floor as julia and jake . ''
` ` your mom and i talked and we think it would be good for you to have a place of your own .
` ` i ' m getting a place of my own . ''
` ` i promise you amazing wall sex the minute you move into your new place . ''
as much as i loved being with her at her place , it was way too small for two people .
` ` that is so nice of your dad to buy you your own place .
not to mention the fact that i ' m always complaining about how small your place is . ''
you can spend the night at my place and i 'll drive you to school and to your clinicals in the morning . ''
i laughed as i shut the door , walked over to my place , laid down the blankets in the bedroom , and made sweet love to my girl again .
i ' m going to catch a cab with cheri and then i 'll take one to your place . ''
in fact , i ' m just going to stay at my place tonight . ''
how are you getting back to your place ? ''
` ` i ' m going to take you up on that offer when we get back to your place . ''
` ` is that easy to get to from our place ? ''
` ` after the gym we went back to his place and he made me dinner . ''
` ` before i forget , did i leave my skirt at your place ? ''
` ` i do n't need an excuse to want to come over to your place again . ''
i 'll be at your place tomorrow at six - thirty .
i thought we could just go back to my place . ''
not only had she given me a place to live , but she had also taken me into her circle .
` ` i can down a beer quicker and then we can go back to my place . ''
` ` well , she gave me a place to stay . ''
` ` then i think we should go back to your place now . ''
` ` speaking of tonight , i think i should stay at my place . ''
` ` it 's not that i do n't want to spend the night , but i have to work tomorrow and it 'll be easier for me if i stay at my place .
` ` why are n't you taking the cab to your place ? ''
i can work as a personal trainer in a local gym around here and we can rent a place until we 're ready to leave . ''
i ripped the plastic off my furniture when we got back to my place and tried to arrange it in some sort of semblance of order .
` ` so the only question left is whether to stay at your place or mine tonight . ''
we 'll stay at your place .
` ` i tried to get jackson to invest in hydra since he spends so much time in new york , but he said he did n't want to shell out money just to have a place to hang out .
we rode the rest of the way to my place in silence .
` ` why do n't we redecorate your place today ? ''
we spent the night at his place , and instead of expecting to see ghosts of ourselves from five years ago around every corner , i reveled in being in the arms of jackson today .
please meet me tomorrow night at my place after you 're done with work .
he insisted that he wanted my input on the new place since i would be living there as well , and i was flattered that he wanted my opinion .
i ' ve given you a safe place to stay .
she told my brother and i that we were only there for a place to stay and that she was n't playing mommy , but we were n't allowed to tell anyone that .
i ' m not that heartless to kick a woman out who has no place to go . ''
i explained to him your situation and he said you 're more than welcome to fix the place up and he 'll only charge you $ 100 a month , water included .
i guess whenever i can get the place cleaned up .
i stared across the room , taking in that this place was mine , all mine .
how 's your new place working out ? ''
i 'll give you dr . neil 's number when we get back to your place . ''
you were scared , and i hate that you 're alone in this tiny place .
i ' m taking you back to your place to pack an overnight bag .
but that 's something we 'll talk about when we get back to my place . ''
it was a notice from the city that the building was being shut down for safety issues , and i needed to find a place to stay until further notice .
i hated seeing him in this place and i hated not being able to take care of him myself .
he told me that the key represents that i 'll always have a place to stay here . ''
` ` when i gave that other one to you , i told you that it represented that you 'll always have a place to stay .
` ` the only place she 's staying is right here with me . ''
i would be able to afford my own place for a while , but i would have to start looking for a job .
that way , when we have guest stay with us , they can have their own place . ''
then you 'll have a place to go when i kick you out after a fight . ''
are we staying at adalynn 's place ? ''
i snooped around for a little bit , amazed at the expanse of the place that he lived .
we pulled up outside of the hotel and i had expected that jack was dropping me off and going back to his place , but he told his driver to come back for him in an hour and got out with me .
` ` your place or mine tonight ? ''
i can take a cab to your place . ''
` ` my place i guess , we did n't really talk about it . ''
how did he feel as they approached the royal palace , the place she 'd come to call home in the past ten years ?
the place he 'd thought he would call home once , only to have his plans so viciously torn apart ?
` ` you sure kept this place maintained , '' she whispered .
he wanted to see what it was like , the place that should have been his home .
she had n't heard him , either , not with the ultrathick carpets he 'd strewn the place with so they could make love anywhere and everywhere .
gabrielle and durante 's fourteen - month - old boy , alessandro , was playing with the fifth - and they swore last - addition to paolo and julia 's family , with their older kids all over the place yet managing not to be noisy or disruptive , mostly babysitting the younger ones to give adults space to talk .
he busied himself around the place , fixing shorted - out light sconces , filling and lighting the oil lamps that maram said she preferred in the sitting / dining area , making an inventory of the pantry 's contents , tagging each .
after lunch , he 'd decided to clean , although between them , they 'd kept the place spotless .
she 'd joined him in cleaning , too , with her usual zeal , not questioning that the place did n't need it .
not his scribbled notes , voice messages or anything he 'd given her or left at her place .
but she had n't been able to imagine anything more lavish than this place .
if she 'd been in anything approaching a normal frame of mind , she would have savored the magnificence of this place .
he took her into a great room that seemed to comprise the whole place , apart from a kitchen and bathroom .
after the height of the drama had passed , roxanne should have rented her a place to stay while she sorted out her affairs .
as he drove away , he took one more turn around the area to soak in the sight of the place that would be his in hours .
especially since reports confirm you stayed at her place only long enough to get your face slapped .
you headed to my place fresh off the plane with that in mind .
` ` this means you forgive me for the mess i made of your immaculate place ? ''
four surprise had long given way to ever - expanding disbelief as rashid watched laylah prowling all over his place , ` ` taking care of him . ''
this gigantic residence turned out to have separate areas , even though none had any doors since the place was made for one person 's privacy .
if he was already redecorating his place for her , this had to be serious , and long - term .
intimate rendezvouses at his place and then at secluded hideaways while the pool had been installed .
but he would n't hear of her spending the nights at his place , or her reputation would evidently disintegrate to ashes .
she had n't thought twice about what it meant any other night when he 'd dropped her at her place and driven off .
* * * before mira returned from work , rashid took laylah back to his place .
after all she and her family had put him through , how could he consider the place where they 'd started their relationship to be the place where he 'd been happiest ?
` ` back to a helipad i have access to twenty - four - seven within a few blocks of your place . ''
` ` could you keep the cat at your place for the night ? ''
there were strategically placed interior bits and pieces , and there was a cozy feel to the place , but it was all far too tasteful and uncluttered to be anyone 's home .
they both smiled and looked around guiltily to see if anyone had noticed them messing the place up .
` ` okay , if that 's what you want , but maybe you should n't go back to your place tonight .
this place was n't a palace , and it was mortgaged so it did n't even really belong to her .
` ` you could come back to my place . ''
there 's a gym and you get breakfast made for you- '' ` ` matt , it 's a place , not your place .
` ` i do n't have a place to call home because it 's only a matter of time before you start to collect things , and then you get attached to them , irrational emotions take over , and you end up in a mess where you ca n't move on .
` ` you should find a place to work safely . ''
` ` so i do n't even get to stay over at your place on our last night ? ''
maybe moving around all the time and having no place to call home was n't a solution , but he 'd been so bitter that he had n't been able to see it .
because this place will never be a home without you in it with me , piper . ''
sherman , his designer , was coming to his place for dinner that night and jase had a feeling sherman was n't coming for the food .
i have an appointment in a half hour and i wo n't have time to run back to my place and shower . ''
` ` i did n't have time to go to my place yet .
i ' m staying with cousins in new jersey and looking for a place to rent in or near new hope . ''
but he smiled and asked , ` ` are you looking for a place to escape the florida heat for the summer ?
her mother , my sister , is re - marrying and we all think it 's best for my niece to have a place of her own now .
at least until i can find a decent place to live ? ''
after that , he straightened up the rest of the place so luis would n't think he was both poor and messy .
the place had n't been cleaned in years .
he loved their townhouse on the upper west side as much as he loved their weekend getaway place in bucks county , pa , cider mill farm .
but the new house in alaska was the place he though about most .
he 's going to stay here for a while until he finds a place .
` ` why do n't you go to my place and rest ?
it 's a fucking hormonal minefield at our place right now .
` ` let 's go to your place after work , '' emma whispered seductively .
` ` how about your place ?
brant leaned over her desk to sign some papers and whispered near her ear , ` ` i 'll drop by your place after dinner , okay ? ''
alexia just needed a place to stay .
` ` oh ... is n't there a walgreens right down the street from your place ? ''
she wanted to thank me for letting her stay at my place . ''
it 's okay , though , because we 're going to my place now . ''
mac and i usually go to a small irish bar close to my place when we want a drink . ''
they 'd been watching a movie at her place and she 'd been curled up next to him , half - asleep .
she had just arrived home when i got here to check around her place as usual , but then some guy stopped her in the parking lot , and before i could walk over to find out if she needed assistance , she just collapsed .
without thinking , mac swung her up in his arms and took the flight of stairs up to her place .
i 'll follow you to your place so you can change . ''
same goes for your place .
i ' m taking you to my parents ' place . ''
he slung his arm around my shoulder and led me toward his place .
your place ?
compared to the marble - lined lobby of jax 's building , complete with concierge and doorman , my place would look ... not so hot .
besides , i have friends in port who will give me a place to stay .
minutes later , facing the elaborate facade of his wifes town home , he was reminded anew of the extreme lavishness of the place .
our place was a cute mid - century bungalow , owned by jess 's parents .
as little as i saw mom , i could visit her twice a year at her new place .
any other woman would kill for an opportunity to live in a place like this , to get to know her father and study at a new university .
` ` oh , before i forget , jess has kind of called dibs on your old place .
and because tiny apartments were pretty much what you were going to find in new york when you moved there without first securing a place to live .
you ' ve so far refused the back of my limo or a quick shag at my place .
it had been the first time since moving to new york that i shagged a woman at her place and , just as i expected , i got trapped .
normally i preferred sex at my place , where i could always make an excuse that my mother was dropping by or i had somewhere to be .
at her place , a woman would want to offer tea , ask me to sleep over .
so here i was wondering , if she asked me to stay over at her place some night , what would i say ?
my place was small but in the few short months i 'd been in new york it had come to feel more like home to me than had the palatial home i 'd shared with andy for almost five years .
he 'd never seen my place , but when he walked in , he barely looked around .
when the elevator doors opened , the sight of his place hit me like a wood plank to the chest , and i actually stumbled back a few steps .
was the reason he 'd always been so amenable to staying away from his place the fact that it allowed him to have a private space for someone else ?
her friend had come over to her place immediately , demanding to know what was wrong .
he 'd had his driver , mr . forrester , ferry us back to my place at top speed to retrieve the passport .
` ` i think you 'll like my place .
` ` honestly , i 'd like to go back to your place and get married tomorrow - just the two of us .
` ` my place , huh ? ''
i can take care of myself , even if it did mean walking the four miles to my place ... in the dark ... in heels .
i made enough money to have my own , admittedly tiny , place .
i had a few friends who might make good roommates , or i could get a modest place , on my own .
he convinced her to stay at his place for the night , though ` ` convinced '' might not be the word to use when talking about someone who did n't care about where she slept , or anything , one way or the other .
kevin used to have a place downtown , but when the market for crap industrial spaces exploded , his rent tripled , so he 'd split for the strip of land between dodger stadium and the la river called frogtown .
i have things planned , and they include my place .
` ` i can take it all back to my place , '' he said .
i found a camera outside her place .
now , i was at my parents ' place in orange county , and there 's a credit - card trail and a dozen people who saw me getting drunk at my old hangout .
` ` before this house , i had the small place for me . ''
i ' m not used to finding my way around new places , since i only just left the house i ' ve worked in for the past four years and the village where i 'd spent my whole life before that .
she asked him , half - hoping he 'd say , yes , go put your regular panties on and then we 'll head back to my place so i can f**k your brains out , but mostly hoping he 'd press the button on his little remote control again to send her into orbit .
` ` i really do like your place , '' she said , ` ` but something 's missing . ''
her apartment was piddly compared to dominic 's expensive , masculine lair , but it was a cozy place to come home to .
at this rate , he was n't even going to make it to her place .
she 'd been so full of grief over her brother six months ago that she probably had n't noticed anything about the place .
` ` his landlord needed his place cleared out , but i just could n't do it .
it was n't that he did n't have enough money to buy his own place .
it was one of the things she enjoyed most about having her own place .
` ` getting this place all to yourself this summer . ''
which meant he did n't have any other place to stay .
` ` look , i ' m sorry that you did n't know someone was living in the house , but i ' ve got a twelve - month agreement , so you 're going to have to find another place to stay . ''
in any case , it 's been a blessing knowing someone is there to make sure the place does n't fall down . ''
given that his grandparents now lived full - time in florida and had stopped making the drive back and forth to the adirondacks every six months , it made sense to rent the place out .
knowing she was repeating herself , but wanting to make sure she was being perfectly clear - not only for his sake , but for hers too - she said again , ` ` but just until you find a new place to stay . ''
that you 're going to have to look for a new place to live in a few months ?
she 'd found a place where people were getting to know her for her and not because of who her father was or how much money she had .
for the next hour , he walked through the house and made a long list of everything that needed to be done to get the place up to code .
it was such a relief to have the place to himself , he almost felt guilty .
` ` i like your place , '' dylan said as he looked around her apartment 's small kitchen and living room .
but when she opened her mouth to thank him for a great evening and say good night , what came out instead was , ` ` i could make us something to eat back at my place . ''
` ` no , i was thinking we could go back to my place . ''
` ` your place ? ''
we 'd gone out to dinner and were walking back to his place when we passed doug 's .
` ` but i need to stay at my own place , it 's just easier for me to get to work from there . ''
` ` maybe we can go back to my place after and watch a movie . ''
` ` i want us to get a place together . ''
i did want us to get a place together .
` ` your place or mine ?
i swear to god if we get back to my place and you leave me hanging ... '' he grasped her hand , yanking her down against his cock .
brianna was a certifiable wreck the whole time we gutted the place but i knew it would be for the best .
` ` i have a dvd for you at my place .
did you forget to pay your rent and lose your place ?
over the past three months , they had been getting together at her place to have a few drinks on the weekends , but not as lovers .
he was coming to her place tonight anyway .
mike might notice i ' m not at my place .
` ` i 'll follow you back to your place in my truck . ''
it would be nice to have the place to themselves tonight .
drive until he found some place to just be , where he was acceptable with or without business casual suits and natty cufflinks .
` ` just that you had a motive for bringing me back to your place . ''
friday night at my place ?
` ` i can take you back , or to my place .
` ` you sure you do n't care if i crash at your place ?
` ` now i think you need to just go back to my place and crash out .
besides , if we had taken the time to walk to my place , you might have changed your mind .
the true story was that once she 'd told him to get inside ryder 's coach , it had never even occurred to him that his own place was spitting distance away .
` ` like ... elec saw you to ryder 's where you crashed , or elec took you back to his place ...
` ` can we go to your place ? ''
and he was going to drop by her place and cheer her up , showing her that he understood what she was going through raising her kids on her own , and that he wanted more than just a casual hookup .
nikki picked me up , and she drove because she lives in the opposite direction from my place to here .
time to go back to my place . ''
we 'll skip the highway and take the back roads to my place . ''
` ` then he drove my car to his place and said we should n't have sex .
look , if you need the book that badly , i can return it to you when we get back to my place .
chapter eight imogen figured she was the one who should be embarrassed given the way she had just blurted out that ty should take her to bed , but as they drove back to his place , he was the one who was rambling , indicating that he was nervous and felt the need to fill the silent void with inane conversation .
are you just going to his place to do the nasty or what ? ''
` ` well , bring her around my place next monday .
ty was so busy checking out her place , he did n't notice the tiny backpack she was reaching for in the doorway of her room .
` ` keep him at your place .
` ` i was on my way to your place , actually , but i stopped off to have a beer with ryder first .
` ` okay , fine , we 'll go to my place as soon as i finish kissing you . ''
as they got closer to town , ryder asked suzanne , ` ` your place or mine ? ''
he was thinking his place was closer , but then again , they had lived in his house together for four years .
two years had taken some of the emptiness out of the place , and he had gradually replaced blankets and dishes she had taken with his own choices , and he had taken over the master bathroom entirely .
evan said a prayer of gratitude , followed by another hoping that he had n't left his place too disgusting that morning .
kendall walked past his kitchen towards the stairs , but her eyes swept curiously over his place .
we were at my place .
if you need a place to stay at the track this weekend , you can stay with me . ''
and remember , if you want a place to stay , my motor home is your motor home . ''
` ` let 's go back to your place and get something to eat , take a deep breath and go over this . ''
i 'll pick you up at your place at seven . ''
` ` either your place or mine .
we 're at my place . ''
granted , she 'd just been in her own place and probably would have just passed out on the couch , but it was still unnerving .
` ` do you want to shower at your place so we do n't have poor wilma crossing her legs any longer than she has to ? ''
chapter twelve back at her place , tuesday let diesel push her up against the wall in her entryway , his hands on her waist , head bent over her as he slid his tongue across the top her breast .
so while he wanted desperately to follow up on their earlier flirt and invite eve over to his place for a night of wine and sex , hold the wine , he was kind of thinking maybe he should n't .
her place was clean , her bathroom toiletries hidden away , her garbage taken out .
generally speaking , she did n't have a lot of men over to her place , and when she did , it was n't like this .
i do think your place is great .
are we going back to my place or your place ? ''
are we going back to my place or your place ? ''
at least your place has two bathrooms , so if it bugs you , i can make sure i use the other one . ''
my apartment is small and crappy and i can either break my lease or see if rhett wants to take it over since you own your place .
` ` why do n't you sleep at your place tonight ?
then if he had to he was going to carry her out over his shoulder back to her place and make love to her all night long .
i ' m not going to lie , i ' m a little terrified that i quit my job , but i want a smaller place , something that i can make homey instead of a designer showcase . ''
suddenly he wanted nothing more than to be done with the ceremony and back at her place .
` ` no way is this place 's kitchen going to suck . ''
their place in lexington was a 1930 's era mansion set on sixteen acres of walled - in greenery .
` ` we could have it at our place , '' zane said .
` ` could we stop at my place first ? ''
once she had him at her place , she settled him on the overstuffed saddle leather couch in her living room , covering him with one of the quilts her nana sonia had stitched .
the bay has kept me grounded close to a place full of happy memories from years gone by , but i ' ve never really loved the weather .
` ` i ' m looking for a place to hide that has good food .
` ` how long have you had this place ? ''
` ` so we 'll stop by your place . ''
` ` what if i want to stay at my place tonight ? ''
i can guarantee it 's a place you 'll be completely at home in . ''
` ` i see you ' ve added some femininity to this place . ''
' oh , hey , baby , i forgot to tell you that your conniving , gold - digging bitch - whore of an ex - wife dropped by my place three weeks ago and threatened me unless i pay her two and a half million ' ? ''
he said he 'll call you to arrange your photography lessons when he 's found a place to live . ''
once things settle down , we can find a more permanent place for you .
five trembling with desire , riley barely remembered the car ride back to ian 's place .
it came as no surprise to her that he lived in a place that offered all hotel amenities while being privately owned .
` ` let me drive you back to your place .
learning to accept things from others , from small items and gifts to larger , more significant offers , like a new job and a place to live , she was slowly bending .
she can afford a much safer place to live . ''
he 'd driven her home to drop off her car and let her change clothes before stopping by his place to do the same .
* * * after dropping madison back at her place , alex headed home to shower and jerk off .
he 'd talked her into letting him stay over at her place , which meant they 'd played last night and again in the shower this morning .
` ` come to my place after , '' he said .
instead , after convincing her to spend the night at his place , he 'd changed plans and gone mia .
later , he walked into his place , where they 'd agreed to sleep tonight .
` ` i ' m going to head to my place .
he parked in a guest spot at her building , and they walked inside and up to her place .
i ' m going to check her place .
heaven forbid , i thought , sparing a last glance at the place i 'd lived for too long .
gabe 's place put anything lance owned to shame .
she also gave me a place to live .
she 'd been seeing the same man for the last two years and stayed over at his place more often than not , and so she insisted i move into her apartment .
we agreed on a fair rent , which she insisted helped her out since she 'd basically moved in with tom but had n't wanted to give up her own place unless and until things were more permanent .
the place needed a complete overhaul , and my creative juices were already flowing .
since lucy shared gabe 's apartment when she was in town , i expected the car to drop me at my place first .
` ` so my place is okay ? ''
she asked , certain he was n't the type to hang ornate mirrors or purchase knickknacks to give the place a homier feel .
` ` i 'd just left my ex 's place for good .
` ` how far are we from your place ? ''
by the time he stepped into her place , he caught a light floral scent , saw the sunlight bounce off her hair from a row of windows , and he was done .
i can be at your place sunday around five .
` ` she 's supposed to be at my place by five .
` ` why are you here , and why do you want me back at your place ? ''
he did n't relax until they were out of manhattan and the cab driver had dropped them off at his place in great neck and they walked inside his apartment .
the place he called home was n't anything like the private domain she 'd imagined he occupied .
finding her a new place wo n't be easy . ''
` ` so this is your aunt kassie 's place ? ''
in the meantime , ariana needed to find a place to stay where she could actually get some sleep while the construction continued .
` ` you can stay at my place while your parents are constructing .
my real place , '' he amended .
obviously she needed a place to belong as much as he had .
` ` oh , i 'd love to have a place to come to after a long night of work .
once the business was established , she could turn her attention to finding a place of her own .
` ` someone broke in here and- how do you say- they trashed the place , '' her father said .
he 'd walked in to see the place in shambles , obviously ransacked .
since her old job had kept her on the road sometimes for days on end , she had n't missed having a place of her own until recently .
up until recently , you had a steady job and a place to live .
` ` until i find my own place to live , yes . ''
you say you 'll find a place to move , but i ' ve come to realize that you wo n't .
` ` you were so nervous this child of faith 's might know something or have something of her mother 's that you hired someone to break into my family 's home and tear the place apart , starting with sam 's room , '' she said , accusing him of something that had never even crossed ryan 's mind .
coop walked into the place he considered his second home and was greeted by clapping and laughter , reminiscent of the newsroom immediately after the foiled robbery .
someone had broken in and tossed the place , leaving no couch cushion or piece of paper unturned .
` ` what 's your place like ?
that 's a complicated question because i do n't have my own place . ''
do n't you need a place to keep your things ? ''
` ` do you miss having a place of your own ? ''
` ` but i do have a place .
` ` i have a full schedule for the next few days , but how about you come by my place around eight friday night ? ''
` ` he 's running late and asked me to let you into his place . ''
but lexie was n't at his place , as he 'd expected and he had to make small talk with his neighbor before they could be alone .
chapter seven ` ` it was nice of sara to let me stay with her until you came home , '' lexie said as they walked into his place .
` ` why do n't you go back to my place ?
at my place . ''
the woman does n't even have a place of her own .
as they walked up the front path , charlotte led the way , ringing the doorbell and entering as if she owned the place .
` ` your place sounds perfect , '' she murmured .
` ` we head to my place and wait her out . ''
` ` and as much as i appreciate your giving me a place to return to , it 's time for me to find a home of my own . ''
her heart beat faster at the thought of having her own place at last .
i noticed that you talk the talk about having your own place , but you do n't even have matching sheets or dishes .
angel 's b and b was small , but it offered people a down - home place to stay , and this was her first time with a full house courtesy of the festival .
she hoped that would n't impact her finding a place to stay until she located and spoke to rafe .
when she did n't , she consoled herself with the notion that there would be plenty of together time when she moved into his place tomorrow .
your place is remote and hard to find .
for the first time , he could understand his brother 's issues with his wife running the place alone , always distracted by one thing or another .
she glanced around , taking in the warm , cozy place he called home .
you 'll sleep at our place tonight . ''
she was n't making herself at home and enjoying his place ; she merely needed his protection , and he 'd offered her a safe place to stay .
she was n't making herself at home and enjoying his place ; she merely needed his protection , and he 'd offered her a safe place to stay .
do they know who broke into your place ? ''
after we 're finished at angel 's , i 'll take you back to my place for your car and you can follow me to the hotel . ''
lexie 's not used to having a place of her own , since she 's always stayed at her grandmother 's when she 's in town .
` ` this place is so charming , '' amanda said , her gaze taking in the small family room area where angel was entertaining .
come back to my place and get some sleep .
ever since nick stayed here and saw how alive this place makes me feel , he 's tried to be more understanding .
i ' m able to talk about it now without shutting him down , and he 's able to accept this place .
does n't this inn remind you of places you 'd like to visit but have n't had the chance ? ''
someone ought to break into his place and steal all the lard from his cabinets . ''
what she had to say to rick could n't be done in public and would have to wait until tonight , ` ` why do n't you come by my place after the game ? ''
he 'd started by giving jillian a place to live but ended up marrying her too .
it was also the place where kendall had nurtured childish dreams of staying forever with the aunt she adored .
a man who lived in one place , who valued stability , and who was a family friend , was hardly the man to pick for an affair , assuming she was ready for one .
still on her list to make the place more appealing was cleaning out the closets filled with old junk , painting inside and out , lawn maintenance and more .
the rest of the old house was on its own , kendall refusing to spend another penny on a place she 'd be leaving soon anyway .
her home , his home , he did n't care as long as the place had a bed .
` ` there 's no place like home . ''
he hazarded an accurate guess , knowing she 'd spent her life running from whatever it was that prevented her from settling in one place .
kendall asked about the idea of the girls sleeping at her place .
but sitting with sloane in his home , a place where he 'd never brought another woman , seemed comfortable and right .
he 'd been involved with cindy for so long , their affair confined to her place , he 'd been able to keep his private life private , and people like lucy and his meddling mother wondering .
` ` then kendall came to town and she fixed up what we could n't and gave us an easier place to live .
would it be okay if i brought him to your place ?
but if you do get any leads , make sure you call chase here or at my place , '' she said in her best dictatorial voice .
` ` the last place the man stayed exploded and now he 's living in my brother 's backyard .
` ` i need a place to stay , and since we want to get to know each other , i thought i could stay with you , '' she told samson .
she had no place she could go , and so she 'd been alone here for the last few hours .
i 'd had to pretty much re - buy every utensil in my kitchen , because most of them had been sloane 's and she 'd kept them in our old place .
he told me that since he moved so much , he could never really have plants , so he was happy to finally be in a place where he could .
i was relieved that lucah 's spartan style at his other place was just a side effect of moving around a lot and not wanting to have anyone figure out his identity .
lucah and i had picked out a lot of the furniture together , since sloane had chosen most of the furniture at our other place , and wanted to keep it .
there was definitely a lot more red in my new place .
sloane was so gone that she did n't even make it back to her place and sacked out on the couch .
i missed the tub at his old place .
` ` she 's so sad , '' i said as lucah locked the door of our place for the night .
i ended up walking down the hall with sloane to her place and staying for a while .
his wet hair was all over the place , and he was sleeping on his back , which he almost never did unless he was exhausted .
i 'll get him set up with his own place , and get his ass employed and he 's going to get his shit together whether he wants to or not .
lucah 's been freaking out because you left your phone at our place . ''
because you 're my boyfriend 's brother and you needed a place to go .
ryder ended up going back down the hall to help sloane carry everything over to our place .
i knew she wanted to leave asap so she could go back to her place and start sketching out ideas .
everyone else agreed so the blythe brothers and i trooped back to our place .
` ` but you have a place to stay now , and a brother that cares about you very much .
i spent the rest of the walk back to our place thinking about time machines , which was a nice change from worrying and stressing .
this was the second time tonight i 'd offered to come over to his new place and ` ` help him unpack . ''
our place was cozy and cluttered , but everything fit together anyway .
bright and fun , we had lots of knickknacks and throw pillows and picture frames arranged to make the place feel welcoming .
and then sometimes you say you 're going to have one drink and one drink turns into two and the guy who has been buying you drinks and touching your back and your hair and making flutters in your stomach suggests that you go back to his place , and that also seems like a good idea ( because of the drinks ) and then you 're in a cab , on the way to his apartment with no idea how it happened .
he said when he heard me tell the driver that i wanted to go to my own place .
we were nearly to my place .
you buy me drinks , suggest that we go back to your place , tell me that you ' ve wanted to kiss me since you first saw me , and then you do kiss me - the most tame kiss ever - and now you 're acting like this is completely normal behavior .
i was pretty sure the cabbie had already passed my place , but he was probably getting as much out of this as we were .
` ` i swear , if you do n't come back to my place with me , right now , and let me f**k the hell out of you , i am going to lose it , and you do n't want to see me lose it . ''
` ` good thing we came to my place , '' he said , holding up the familiar square packet .
i 'd like to see your place though . ''
i looked up at the building , but there was no way he could see me from his place unless he had night vision binoculars .
18 i spent every night of the following week at his place , and sloane did n't seem to mind and i did n't mind and lucah certainly did n't mind .
my stuff started making its way to his place and when my period arrived , tampons made their way into his bathroom .
` ` does this mean i finally get to see your place ? ''
i had something potentially sexy and potentially silly in my head and i was going to ambush him with it when he came to my place .
sloane thought i was being ridiculous , but it was a big deal for me to show him my place .
anyway , he 's been calling me and calling me and begging for money , for a place to stay , for whatever .
` ` i ' m lending him some money so he can get his own place and so he 'll get off my back .
he might argue with that , but i wanted him to have his own space at my place .
his eyes were red , his hair looked like he 'd been tearing his hands through it and his suit was all over the place , his tie nearly coming undone , probably from him yanking on it .
lucah and i had gone right to his place after work , mostly because i was freaking out and i needed to be alone .
i succeeded and texted lucah as the cab drove me back to his place .
i now had at least five pairs that had taken up residence at his place , but i did n't want to bring too many and take over like some kind of shoe fungus .
28 i did n't get a chance to tell lucah about my girls ' night until i was at his place the next night .
lucah was at his place , packing his stuff back up to start bringing it over to my place .
lucah was at his place , packing his stuff back up to start bringing it over to my place .
dad was n't talking about moving into my own place .
i ' m going to have my own place . ''
having grown up in a place where you had to be cautious of who you invited inside , it was a hard thing to snap out of .
she still had n't given the place any real personality yet , unless you counted bronty who had claimed the sofa .
she simply was n't accustomed to having a ' home ' ; a place she could relax , a place she could settle into , a place that was n't going to get ' visits ' from her neighbours .
she simply was n't accustomed to having a ' home ' ; a place she could relax , a place she could settle into , a place that was n't going to get ' visits ' from her neighbours .
` ` someone broke into your place last night , trashed it and scrawled words all over the walls in corn syrup - obviously hoping it would look like blood , which it did . ''
there 's nothing big and bad about breaking into someone 's place , making a mess and then running off so it does n't exactly strike fear into my heart .
jaxx had insisted that before going with him to his place she needed to go shopping to stock up on some items and clothes , since most of hers had been destroyed .
we 'd try to get their phone numbers , a kiss , an invite back to their place ... we never used to go , it was just a game we played .
you know , i was hoping that you 'd go back to his annexe after i 'd strafed your place ; that would have made it a lot easier to get to you and there would n't have been any nice cctv footage of me hurling you out .
` ` you 'll be at my place . ''
` ` your place ?
chapter three jennifer unlocking the door to my apartment , i cringe as the beat from the music in my neighbor 's place pounds through the walls .
malcolm made some noise about stopping over at my place , so i have to be sure not to be there . ''
sleep with her this weekend at her place ?
if i owned this place , that dark hallway is exactly where i 'd put one .
go back to my place . ''
` ` what i wanted to know is whether you 're coming with me or if you have your own place now .
` ` he said he likes your place .
her place was small enough that i could see almost everything from where i was standing , except for a back room that always had a door closing it off from the rest of the main room where her kitchen and sitting area were .
he was the daemon who 'd pulled me into this whole crazy life , tricking me into thinking he was a homeless teen in miami , giving tony and me a place to stay before luring us into taking the changeling test .
that door was open , and tony 's head was sticking out of the entrance to maggie 's place .
i can not stay here and fulfill my responsibilities to this place without this .
considering what a slob maggie was out in the other part of her house , it was more than a little surprising to see how organized this place was .
my job on this first trip was not just to chat - up the dragon , but also to find a place that the fae could provide as my permanent place there .
i would only be going twice a year for my work , but apparently the council thought i needed a place to call home while i was there .
today would be the day she 'd find a new job , save every single dime she made , and then get a place with furniture , in a neighborhood with a good school .
one week with this man - that 's all the time he had requested - and she could pay the rent on a place for her and her brother for three months .
he had n't spoken a word to her on the rest of the drive back to his place , but as soon as they 'd left the car , he 'd commanded that she strip for him .
yes , it was a violation of his privacy , but he 'd brought her to his place and then left her there to fend for herself .
he did n't know why he 'd brought her to his place instead of a hotel room , did n't know why he liked the idea of her staying here among his possessions while he worked .
she had n't seen anything so far in his place that looked menacing , and she 'd spent the entire day wandering the apartment , so she would have turned up something if it were there .
` ` i stopped at your place and dragged jewell out to lunch , then got your call .
what she did n't understand was her sudden desire to go back to his place .
i got a job , a really good job , and i ' m saving lots of money so we can have a beautiful place together , where we can put up pictures of mom , and where , if you need to cry , you can do so without any fear of being made fun of .
maybe she should n't have come back to his place .
there had to have been someone pretty damn special for you to sneak out of my place to meet with him .
yes , ms . beaumont would be furious , but even if she lost her job , she 'd have enough to secure a place and some of the basics , enough to convince the courts that her brother should be with her and not strangers .
without any money or a place to live , and no closer to getting custody of her poor brother , a sensitive , grieving ten - year - old who was most likely stuck in a foster family from hell .
if she could decorate any way she wanted , it would n't be what she chose , but she 'd also never be able to afford a place this luxurious , and she would n't complain about staying there .
though the apartment was light , airy even , to have blake standing in her new roomy kitchen made the place seem to shrink , seem to instantly grow dark .
when she 'd been at blake 's place three months ago , he had installed video cameras everywhere to monitor her actions .
jewell found herself at a corner bar not far from her place , and she did n't hesitate to take up residence at one of the barstools .
she would much rather eat food at her own place than deep - fried bar food .
anyway , you already have a place . ''
once inside her house , she engaged the locks , and then she moved determinedly through the place , checking every window .
i was trying to let you know that this place will never be the same without you here , '' he told her .
we will leave here and go back to my place , and we will wake up in the morning very happy .
` ` does your mom like her new place ? ''
josh called the guy to come fix the furnace and will meet him at my place in about an hour .
i 'll eventually buy my own place , but in the meantime , this is home .
maybe you and your dad can come to my place sometime soon to make some . ''
` ` by the way , '' i mention casually as he drives as quickly as he can while still staying safe , which is faster than i would have thought , back to my place .
i was hoping everyone could stay christmas eve at my place .
but if you want to come to my place after , i can make you guys dinner . ''
they ' ve been renting a smaller place , so moving into this nice , new , big house is going to feel like heaven to them . ''
the baby , zack , ty and lo showing up at my place and bringing me home with them , and i feel the tears start again .
fuck , my emotions are all over the damn place .
` ` you know '' -he shakes his head and paces away , then turns around and glares at me- '' i thought you 'd come to your senses and at least call her , try to work things out , but when i finally dropped her off at her place this afternoon and you still had n't tried to contact her , i decided you needed a come - to - jesus talk .
the last i heard from you , zack showed up at your place new year 's eve and you put him in his place and kicked his ass out . ''
i ' m just getting my stuff out of his place . ''
we had the blessing of her family who knew she 'd stayed at my place overnight a few times already .
and we ended up at her place in a sex marathon that was all about gettin ' off and nothing about feelings .
: p i could n't wait to get her to my place that night .
and , how she was getting to work the next morning ( with me ) , and how she was getting from work back to my place again ( with me ) .
i found that out after i started sleeping over at ethan 's place .
my plan was to hole up at ethan 's place and hit the books while he worked , use his home gym and magnificent coffee maker , and basically go off the radar for a while .
` ` he just came in the house the second i opened the front door like he owned the place . ''
i left my dad 's place later in the afternoon , went home and worked out for three hours in my gym .
what i really wanted was for her to stay at my place indefinitely , but did n't think this was the proper moment to broach that subject - my non - moron status notwithstanding .
is she at your place right now ? ''
` ` listen , i wondered if i could bring her up to your place for a weekend .
` ` all right , your place tonight . ''
` ` for all i knew , you 'd broken off with me again and gone home to your place ! ''
we had decided it was time to bring the family together in a dinner at my place .
i 'll see you at your place tomorrow night , ethan .
i had hoped we could stay at my place tonight but brynne was n't going for it .
so , being the brilliant sod that i am , i could weigh my options - my place with no brynne vs. the package deal of brynne and her tiny flat , and less privacy if gabrielle was around .
we 'd made an agreement of sorts about where we stayed , because her place or mine , i wanted her next to me .
i thought you had to stay at your place tonight .
i looked over at the photograph on the shelf of the three of us together , hannah , me and mum sitting on the stone wall at my grandparents ' place .
here 's my number if you want to come over to my place and have some quick and dirty sex .
she loves that house , and it 's a perfect place to raise the kids . ''
i could immediately see why she 'd come back to this place to be alone .
` ` trust me , neil , i would give just about anything to be up there in beautiful scotland right now , seeing your place and enjoying your post - wedding breakfast , '' i told him truthfully .
my girl had decided that she wanted to do a thanksgiving dinner at our place and invite everyone to join in the us holiday we did n't officially celebrate in england , but with such strong influence from our american friends across the pond , was certainly gaining momentum in the uk .
i did n't know exactly what i felt , or what might happen when i drove away from her place .
they had me over to their place for dinner , or came to our place every night since ethan was away .
they had me over to their place for dinner , or came to our place every night since ethan was away .
` ` i almost wish i 'd stayed in my old place . ''
` ` i ' m taking her to my place . ''
i mean , ` ` come back to my place , '' is a time - tested pick up line .
and in a few days , i 'll even have a place to live . ''
` ` i needed a place to stay .
the cell phone connection inside my place was terrible , and she sounded so far away , making me feel even more alone .
if they did n't have a place to go home to , we gave them one , and we gave them a job .
left it there until the night i 'd picked , then i spent the night at a friend 's house - to this day my friend thinks i left her place to sleep with tommy marquette - and drove to my dad 's .
chapter twenty - five the condo that angie and evan shared was about the most amazing place i 'd ever seen .
` ` definitely makes the place more homey . ''
it 's not that i do n't love rooming with you , but i 'd forgotten how much i enjoy having my own place . ''
` ` flynn , having your own place is n't worth - well , you know . ''
` ` just go to my place , '' i said , my whole body feeling heavy and battered .
` ` i was thinking that when you move in with me , we can completely remodel your place .
after damien and i head out on our honeymoon after the appropriate socializing and cake - eating interval , jamie is taking charge of the malibu house and she , with the help of ryan hunter and the rest of the stark international security team , will make sure that anyone who needs a place to crash has one , and anyone who needs a lift home gets one .
as for the rest of the place , there is a fully stocked , state - of - the - art kitchen , a living room that features an indoor - outdoor fireplace , and a covered patio with a huge two - person lounge chair from which to enjoy both the view and the ocean breeze .
` ` i wanted a place to come when i needed to be completely alone .
` ` i 'll admit this place is exceptional , but why not stay at one of your own ? ''
or are you at his place ? ''
i do n't mind , but i ' ve already told jamie that when i can afford it , i want to paint the interior and try to make the place a little more ikea .
` ` you 're so intent on a nude for your new place . ''
jamie is still at the spa , so we have the place to ourselves .
in college , my apartment was simply a place to live .
jamie 's idea of cleaning is to let the place get completely trashed , then spend an entire day complaining about how much she hates cleaning .
besides , i want to install better security at your place .
i turn on laurel canyon , but then drive right past the intersecting street that leads to the place i share with jamie .
while i ' m doing that , damien stalks my apartment , checking out the newly installed motion sensors and other gizmos that his team has hooked up throughout the place .
i mean , jesus , you ' ve turned this place into a fortress .
the rent on this place is n't bad , but it 's more than i planned to spend my first year out of the gate .
as for the painting , this place is a shoebox - no offense - and i ' m sure i already have the perfect color in storage . ''
i might even make enough to buy a place in dallas and have some cash leftover to pay damien for at least part of the mess i made of his car .
i hardly need a bed at any of damien 's houses , and jamie rented the place furnished , so i ' m sure the tenant wo n't mind .
` ` are n't you going to invite me back to your place ?
` ` so what do you do for a living to afford this place ? ''
` ` want to cut out now , head back to my place ? ''
we were driving , about halfway to my place , before she said , ` ` are you afraid to touch me , alasdair ?
she said she wanted to stay at home , keep house , even though we paid someone to clean the place , but i said fine .
` ` let 's go back to your place and take a nap . ''
` ` why do n't we go to your place this time ? ''
i was horrified to find that all trace of her had been erased even from that awful room she was renting , which was easy to deduce , as i found the place unlocked , keys on the kitchen counter , as though she 'd left them there for her landlord , whom i promptly tracked down .
` ` let 's go back to my place , '' i finally said .
let 's go back to my place . ''
i cooked lasagna for him at my place the following weekend , and then i let him kiss me again .
the place had a ton of bathrooms set throughout the sprawling mansion , but i went up to my appointed guest suite and used my private bath to clean up , then combed my hair , and touched up my makeup .
i was utterly fascinated to see what kind of place he 'd ended up in , where he called home now .
i 'll be by your place later tonight . ''
in fact , jet lagged , travel weary , i found myself driving directly from the airport to his place .
` ` come by my place after work .
though it echoes loudest in my tortured heart that night was not my only crime despite all the ways i failed i still longed to make things right somehow we ran out of time but there was a poison in my heart , and a darkness in my mind i was n't there when you were drowning though i 'd give my soul to take it back you had to leave me behind somewhere , in the great expanse of space , there is a home where souls reside , yours and mine were joined together i have not moved from that place , god help me , i 'll never move from that place but there was a poison in my heart , and a darkness in my mind i was n't there when you were drowning though i 'd give my soul to take it back you had to leave me behind you had to leave me behind how did you leave me behind ?
though it echoes loudest in my tortured heart that night was not my only crime despite all the ways i failed i still longed to make things right somehow we ran out of time but there was a poison in my heart , and a darkness in my mind i was n't there when you were drowning though i 'd give my soul to take it back you had to leave me behind somewhere , in the great expanse of space , there is a home where souls reside , yours and mine were joined together i have not moved from that place , god help me , i 'll never move from that place but there was a poison in my heart , and a darkness in my mind i was n't there when you were drowning though i 'd give my soul to take it back you had to leave me behind you had to leave me behind how did you leave me behind ?
it was the morning of and i 'd slept over at her place .
i have to work tomorrow , but i could bring a few things over , stay at your place , if you want . ''
it dawned on me suddenly why he 'd insisted on coming to my place .
you think it 's your place ? ''
but whoever it was obviously was n't someone who knew the brothers well or he would have known that nathan lived in his own place with his wife , shea .
just a little to tide me over until i get another job and a place to live . ''
i have to find a place to live , buy gas and food .
` ` well , hot damn , let 's blow this joint and go back to my place . ''
the house is n't a place i would have ever expected her to even know about much less go visit . ''
` ` i 'll take care of making sure mr . winslow has a place to stay .
like it was the only place she belonged .
` ` you can crash at my place tonight .
maybe you give him your cell phone number , or maybe you simply return with him to his place that very night .
` ` she cleans this whole place by herself ? ''
i had a pretty good idea of the layout of the place from eliza 's tour , but it was a mammoth apartment , and i still had a tendency to get a little lost going from the library to the kitchen , and from the foyer to my room .
after arriving at layla 's place , i let myself wallow for three days , and then i unpacked my suitcases into layla 's second bedroom , got up , got dressed , and began hunting for work .
we chatted idly as we ate , sipping champagne and discussing where we might go next , reminiscing about places we 'd already been .
i mean , i 'd find you a place to live , on your own .
he was the one who had practically thrown her out of his place while she 'd been lying spread - eagled in his hallway .
i never could have have afforded all of this wide - open living space if i bought a place in the loop . ''
so he 'd suggested they watch a dvd together at his place , and sure enough , within forty - five minutes he had an armful of soft , warm , sleeping woman .
` ` you 're spending the night at my place tonight , '' he stated firmly .
niall would n't come to his place , not after the way he 'd treated her here last night , not after the way he 'd insulted her time and again , not after- his condemning thoughts dissipated to ash when he entered his bedroom and saw the small figure huddled beneath the covers on his bed and the golden hair spilled on his pillow .
` ` but i was wrong to tell you it was the only place you belong .
` ` we 're going to your place ? ''
` ` yes , we 're going to my place , '' he said with a subtle , mock - sinister tone .
he 'd gone to london - the location of that secret corner of his universe , the place that jacob had never been invited , nor mrs . hanson ... and certainly not francesca .
` ` let 's go to your place . ''
` ` you 'll stay at my place until we decide what to do . ''
how many times do i have to throw you out of this place ?
at first , she 'd thought he was inspecting the place like someone might a rarely used property in order to make sure there were no leaks or property damage .
aurore manor , the place where ian had been holing up and surely descending into madness , would be the perfect location for him to die .
` ` or we could go to my place . ''
ian had been to her place several times over the years in order to drop something off or for a working dinner , both when the condo had still belonged to her grandmother and after she had died .
it 'd been transformed under his hard physical labor , the massive cleaning elise and francesca had orchestrated with a platoon of maids , and the items that had arrived to refurnish the place .
let 's stock up the place for him with food , any appliances he might need , and dog food , i suppose .
` ` let me get my things and we 'll walk back to my place , '' she said .
he wanted to tell her not to shower - he 'd rather taste the efforts of her dance on her smooth skin - but maybe she had n't even asked him back to her place for sex .
we 'll walk back to my place .
she was a sucker for all the exposed red brick , and the warmth it brought to his place .
but we skipped lunch when i needed to eat you instead , and i figured once we return to my place you 're definitely going to be tied up . ''
i want to go to your place . ''
they 'd return to his place , unable to stop touching , then smash into each other in the elevator and fall into his apartment already in a state of undress .
when she reached his apartment , she opened the door , locked it behind her , and soaked in the silence and the oddly welcoming feel of his place .
his brother , brent , had the ring under lock and key at his place in vegas .
` ` it was our place , '' she said , wiping a tear that had already streaked the mascara from her eyelashes , sending a black jagged line down one porcelain cheek .
chapter five after hours she expected they 'd catch a cab to his place , that he 'd own some swank high - rise apartment overlooking the park .
so from the bottom of my heart , thank you for fucking my wife and having her at your place all night long and into the morning .
i 'll meet you at your place . ''
you at your place ?
` ` you have a really nice place . ''
i had n't offered to let a woman stay at my place for years , and there i was telling olivia she 'd have to .
i heard his keys land on the granite countertop as i looked around at yet another place cassian march owned .
tell me what you need to take and we 'll go to my place . ''
you can stay at my place where i 'll make sure you 're safe . ''
let 's get you back to my place and you can relax there . ''
disgusted at how i 'd fucked up , i rode the elevator back up to my place cursing my stupidity and found rachel standing in the kitchen just where she 'd been when she 'd succeeded in ruining everything .
i could n't concentrate on work and i had n't slept since she left my place .
parked on the street across from her place like some kind of stalker , i waited and finally saw a light flicker on around three in the morning .
her brown eyes still had the same look of hurt in them that i 'd seen as she left my place days earlier , but the bruise on her cheek had faded slightly .
and with what i heard cash do when i was at his place , jake 's going to need friends now more than ever . ''
that it does n't sound like what you wanted to say to me when you left my place the other night . ''
we might even stop over at his place if i ' m in the mood after talking to her .
your guy has some secret stash of cash and goofs around your place all day while you work your tail off . ''
i was pretty sure he 'd never get to step foot into my place .
i ' m going to enjoy your place .
it may not have been the kind of place he had with his millions to spend , but it was my home .
let 's find your clothes so you do n't have to ride that bike of yours buck naked all the way to your place . ''
i may have lost my place and bike , which meant i needed to find another condo and transportation , but i 'd found a way to shut him up , so maybe it was all worth it .
a shower made me feel a little better , although all i could think of standing naked under the water was how my body had felt against stefan 's as we 'd made love , first at the club and then when we 'd gotten back to my place .
` ` okay , but in return for doing this , i want you to come to my place tonight .
impeccably furnished , his place could have been a showcase for contemporary design .
sure , shay had taken it well , but i was losing my home and my bike , and she 'd really been impressed by my place .
` ` i wanted you to see my place before i lost it .
after taking shay back to her place to get her bathing suit because she refused to let me buy her one , we headed down to the water for a few hours of jet skiing .
let me get you back to your place . ''
i have work to do and then i ' m going to head back to my place . ''
i assume you 're here to take possession of your new place . ''
maybe i 'll tell him if he 's willing to wait a year , he can have this place when you get back since we 'll either be moving to our own place here or moving to a new city . ''
maybe i 'll tell him if he 's willing to wait a year , he can have this place when you get back since we 'll either be moving to our own place here or moving to a new city . ''
i wanted to surprise you , so i arranged it with olivia to fly in last night and stay at her and cash 's place . ''
dark and somber , i was an intruder in this place .
` ` oh , god , '' i moaned as i got the first glance of the wreck our place was after aaron 's rage .
looking around , i knew this might be the last time i saw this place i 'd called home for the last six months .
kane 's metal twin bed with its single pillow sat in the corner against two walls , making me feel like this place was a prison even before he 'd locked me in here .
there in that tiny apartment that looked more like a jail cell than a home he had a place that felt warm and welcoming .
the place showed no sign of any feminine touch at all , and i found no clothes a woman would wear stored anywhere in his dresser or closet .
i need money to get my own place .
abbi told me how to get to her place , and i pulled up in front of an apartment house in the middle of a block filled with rundown houses and empty , torn up lawns .
would you be okay with me staying here until i get the money for my own place ?
i would n't be here if it were n't for you , and when you finally make enough money to move to your own place , i 'll close this place up again and move back to my rooms .
i would n't be here if it were n't for you , and when you finally make enough money to move to your own place , i 'll close this place up again and move back to my rooms .
angel and i puttered around the house finding out about our new place after kane left for the club just before eleven the next morning .
because she was a kitten , she slept a lot , so i busied myself with cleaning the first floor of a thin layer of dust before gemma came by to see my new place .
it 's hard to believe just a few weeks ago i was living in that awful apartment with aaron and out of a job and now today i get to live in a place like this with a man like kane and my very own beautiful kitten . ''
i only asked him if i could stay at his place until i made enough money to get a place of my own , but then things just happened between us .
i only asked him if i could stay at his place until i made enough money to get a place of my own , but then things just happened between us .
they found him on the sidewalk in front of your old place all busted up .
` ` nice place you have here , kane .
i need to go to her place tonight .
we had n't invented the wheel or saved the world , but our members had found a place to enjoy themselves .
she had been getting more serious with justin lately , so i assumed she 'd spent the night at his place .
jordan and i had found it soon after moving into our place , and tuesday night had become our night out each week .
i walked around with my mouth agape at the opulence of his place .
rolling her eyes , she said , ` ` he said he was fine with it , but something in his voice said he was n't , so i promised him i 'd stop by his place before i go home . ''
this was my first trip to one of tristan 's hotels since my accident , not counting his incredible penthouse , and i loved the idea that i could add my artistic touch to such beautiful places .
i looked around at the mess of my rooms in this place i 'd visited first as a child with my mother .
my father kept a place in la , but i never go there .
your places are being ransacked for something , but what ?
we 'll be flying coach back to the states so you get to experience the pain and suffering i ' ve had to endure all these times back and forth to visit you here and from there we 'll be getting you settled into your new place where you 'll have to stay for a while .
after all this time away , it was the only place in the world i thought of as home .
i ' ve got an idea on cordovex to check out , so get to trimming the hedges or whatever and i 'll check in with you tonight back at your place . ''
sitting down in front of the tv daryl had been nice enough to include in my new place , i tried to get lost in some sitcom and scotch with little success .
i was already feeling trapped in my new place and looked forward to the half mile or so walk to get more of the only thing that was going to help me forget , at least for a few hours .
it was about time i made this place my own .
hurry and get that dress off and we 'll hit that little restaurant near your place . ''
as we climbed into the back of the car to head to her place , i could n't help but smile from ear to ear .
i watched as she climbed the stairs to her place , already missing her .
and daddy did n't spoil me , unless you call making sure we had a warm place to live and i had clothes on my back spoiling someone . ''
this place was haunted with memories of a time when nina and i were happy .
the entire place looks like it would if it was still a palace .
she 'd tried that leaving stuff at my place shit more than once over the last two years but i always made sure she took them with her the next time she came over .
` ` uh , maybe i should leave this stuff at your place ? ''
i got her two of everything , one for home and one for my place .
back at my place i paced the floor in worry while sipping a snifter of cognac .
when we reached my place i faced a moral dilemma , a first for me .
chapter 18 i had security doubled on my place around the clock .
it 's a good thing i 'd nixed the nurse , we could n't have this much fun if there was a stranger walking around the place .
i do n't see how i ' m going to keep her away form the children that were even now at the place i 'd secured for them .
and a place to live .
` ` i 'd set you up with a place to stay in my apartment building , right on the strip .
like i said , i will provide you with a very nice place to stay , it 's all taken care of .
` ` looks like we need to relocate back to your place , '' my best friend says .
we pick ourselves up off the floor and i say good night to kelly as she heads back to her place .
i ' ve got your place all set up .
` ` why do n't we get you settled in your new place ? ''
that is , until declan moves past me and turns on the lights , illuminating the place i now call home .
we lost him to a road side bomb , but not before he mentioned to his big brother than i might need a place to crash when our tour was over .
kassie looks out over the nevada landscape , the place that in a few short months has come to feel more like home than any other place she 's lived .
kassie looks out over the nevada landscape , the place that in a few short months has come to feel more like home than any other place she 's lived .
` ` i do n't need you to send me anything , since you would n't even let me keep a toothbrush at your place .
` ` and a place to stay , if you 're interested , '' she says .
i ca n't believe i ' m going to call this place home .
collapsing into my huge new bed , i resolve to settle into my new place .
chapter three it takes me a good solid week to get settled in my new place .
` ` you do n't have to be nervous here , '' kassie says , taking my hand , ` ` this place can be your home , if you 'll have it .
my new apartment certainly is n't going to feel like home , but at least it 's a place to crash .
and as i trundle off toward my lonely bed , i wonder if i have n't found a place i could call home with a certain leonine badass ?
or will we blow this pop stand the second i arrive and go back to his place , wherever that may be ?
forget an it girl , this place needs a cleaning service .
` ` back to my place , '' he says , ` ` what , you think i ' m going to cook for myself ? ''
sure , there are edgy touches here and there - framed harley antiques and the like - but on the whole , leo 's place is one of the nicer homes i ' ve seen .
` ` should n't i head back to my place for a while ? ''
i take one last look at the forty - five club , at the smiling faces of my best friend and her love , at the place i thought might be my home .
mitchell has assured me that i 'll have a furnished place to stay in las vegas , an apartment passed down from agent to agent , so i only grab a few personal items : my favorite pillow , a tin of coffee from the neighborhood roaster , and some framed photos of brandon and i ride shotgun in a cardboard box .
` ` why do n't you go check out your new place and get to work contacting the girls at crowdednest ? ''
and he needs a place to stay until he sets down roots here in vegas . ''
brooks is going to be working at the auto shop most of the time anyway , until he saves up enough to rent a place of his own .
` ` just heading back to my place for a shower , '' i fib .
and i realize , as i straighten up my few belongings , that i want him to see this place .
` ` he spent the night at your place ? ''
i heard him screaming from inside her place , and i ' m pretty sure she 's down at least one lamp .
we ca n't stay at my place , it 's just not safe enough .
i guess i ' m just looking to find the place i ' m happiest , gentlemen .
so you either let my driver take you home alone and i 'll catch a cab , or we head to your place together and i see for myself that you 're safely home .
` ` i do n't have any place for the baby , so i do n't mind moving in with you until i can have an addition put on this cottage .
` ` you can help by moving into a place that can be better protected .
he and yuri had never had a pet , never had enough money for a pet and after his mother died , they had n't even had a place to live so adopting a pet was completely out of the question .
` ` i can see my way up to my place , '' she said nervously .
i 'll have a dress delivered to your place . ''
he 'd wanted to prowl around her place while she made him wait until she finished getting ready .
come back to my place . ''
by friday night , she could n't take the sexual frustration any longer and when he demanded that she return to his place so they could continue what they 'd started , she only nodded her head in silent agreement .
he 'd never let a woman come to his place , always going to hers so he could leave once the sex was finished .
he owned houses in the caribbean and greece , not to mention his penthouse in manhattan and tokyo and a townhouse in paris , perfectly reasonable places to stay during the exceptionally cold winter days when business did n't require him to be somewhere else .
` ` it got me food and a place to live for the winter months . ''
he 'd been tempted to go see genevieve , nothing could lift his mood like her , but she was n't answering her mobile and he was n't the type to just pop into someone 's place - other than his brother 's place .
he 'd been tempted to go see genevieve , nothing could lift his mood like her , but she was n't answering her mobile and he was n't the type to just pop into someone 's place - other than his brother 's place .
she was tense ; she had n't been tense around him since they 'd had the talk at her place .
` ` only place you 're going is bed . ''
as his house drew closer she was slightly disappointed to see his car was in the driveway ; she 'd really been hoping to make it to his place before he did .
i can barely pay my bills even with all the overtime i put in this place .
i would be safe and cozy in my place , soothing my wounded pride with massive quantities of fattening food within minutes .
a two year old could break into your place with a hairpin . ''
by the time we 'd made it to his place , those pesky words were safely wedged deep inside .
once again , i marveled at how gorgeous his place was .
we had been seeing each other for a while now , and this was far from my first visit to his condo , and still i had n't gotten used to the place .
chapter 5 shane was at my place when i got home .
ten minutes later , we were almost halfway to my place .
i was just checking out your place .
last time he 'd come to my place , he 'd let himself in uninvited .
we were n't far from my mother 's old place .
i 'd fallen a little behind on my mortgage before i 'd lost my job , thanks to the added burden of keeping up mom 's place .
he turned , heading toward my place .
i ' ve had no women at my place late at night .
but i knew there would be no changing shane 's mind , so i sat back and kept quiet during the short ride to kayla 's place .
my emotions were all over the place , but one thing stood out and that was jealousy .
` ` zara needed a place to stay .
it feels weird to be back in my own place , i thought as i opened the door .
i loved them both , but if they kept me awake at all hours because of their hard and noisy romping , i 'd find my own place .
as much as i loved living with my best friend , i thought it was time to have my own place .
i know i should ' ve told you that i was moving back into my place , but i thought that it would be better this way , since you have so much on your plate as it is .
i ' m going to call a cab and go back to my place , '' i sighed as i texted the private agency my address and hit the send button .
this boat was the last place i wanted to be in , but this was my obligation - as a friend and amongst the other reasons - to try and convince him to stop horsing around .
sam took a shortcut through a park located smack between the campus bookstore and his place , walking all over leaf - strewn grass he probably should n't have , clutching the book he 'd hidden under his plaid shirt - jacket .
how about he finally had his own place because of this job ?
` ` i 'll come up to your place and show you there . ''
` ` why wo n't you get a bigger place with a roommate again ? ''
no wonder ian wanted to go to his place .
finally , he took himself firmly in hand , grabbed his toothbrush , and determined he 'd simply ask if he could take a shower when they got to ian 's place .
it had all felt a little bit like visiting an alien landscape , not because sam 's place was so different ( which it was ) , but because ian did n't seem like the kind of guy who cared about stuff like this .
instead , it was the type of place sam would like to become accustomed to .
then when he finally got back to his place , sam was gone .
` ` do you want to come over to my place tonight ? ''
` ` i kinda thought that since i came to your place last saturday . ''
fine , they 'd head back to his place .
sam snatched up a sock and said , as calmly as possible , ` ` i ' m going back to my place . ''
i want you to be at my place by 6:30 .
but it was wednesday night , and he and ian were responsible adults who had to get up early and needed their sleep , so sam had no plans to go over to ian 's place now that his shift at fatty 's had ended .
` ` you 'd have to transfer twice to get to my place from here . ''
` ` i ' m going to your place ? ''
` ` do you need to go by your place first and get your stuff ? ''
they were supposed to go back to ian 's place so he could change , then go out to some movie sam wanted to see .
for some unexplained reason , nik and jurgen needed to do something alone , so sam had waited for miller at his place , then gave directions while miller drove them to the monaco .
i sent nik and jurgen to my place to get some for you .
` ` until he can be on his own and go back to his place . ''
almost two and a half if you count from that time on that little linoleum square at your place .
one of the guys on the team gave him a ride back to his car , right in front of ian 's place .
i need one like it when i get my own place . ''
tierney had been endearingly unkempt , with his head in his hands and a defeated slope to his spine as he 'd sat on the curb outside ian 's place .
` ` well , i mean , did he seem well to you when he left your place ? ''
` ` my brother 's place .
had his own place . ''
` ` i ' m going soon or i wo n't have time to get back to my place and get ready for work , but i want to talk to you later .
` ` you 're moving into your own place ? ''
` ` i have a place to myself , '' sam said .
tierney scrunched his eyes even tighter and tried to remember if his mother had ever been to his place before .
he dumped his bags on the bed - it looked like a regular double bed , if a little on the frilly side , but somehow it made the place feel like a nursing home .
` ` you 're going to like our new place , baby cat , '' dalton told him .
hours later , finally alone in his own place , dalton watched blue exploring .
have to go to dinner at their place tomorrow .
tierney 's worst hangover ever began to look like a picnic in the park compared to dinner at his parents ' place post - dunthorpe , post - coming out .
but he could n't just wait around his place .
if you come back to my place we could just dial it up on pay - per - view . ''
sometime in the evening , tierney would call dalton or text , and sooner or later one of them would suggest a sleepover - always at tierney 's place , because of the cat .
they could meet up at his place .
tierney drove by the liquor store closest to his place three times before he finally pulled over in a gas station parking lot and called ian .
` ` you want me to come to your place ? ''
he 'd had a freak - out at tierney 's place yesterday morning because some cautious part of himself was still afraid , but losing his man had woken up another part of him .
and since they had that worked out , sorta ... ` ` as soon as this is over , we 're going back to my place where i can keep an eye on you . ''
` ` like move into my place ? ''
` ` you 're making me pick out the furniture because you want me to like it so much i 'll move into your place . ''
your cat already lives at my place .
after dinner , she said she was going back to his place and would probably be home late .
when we got to my place he said , ` ` i 'll walk you to the door . ''
` ` i ' m about ten minutes away from your place .
` ` we 'll stop by your place in the morning and pick up whatever you need . ''
i was pretty sure i 'd have the place to myself .
i really wanted the place to myself rather than being locked up in my bedroom .
krystal was n't home , so i had the place to myself , but i still locked myself in my bedroom .
` ` to your own place . ''
what i really want to do is endow this historic pile to some worthy cause and build my own place back by the river . ''
it was always a good thing to come home to a place where we did n't feel like strangers .
` ` i 'd like to see your place .
if he was surprised to find his son 's apartment a happy gingerbread kind of place with me already comfortably making bridge mix in the kitchen , he did n't let on .
in a house this size , i expect it would take a small army to keep things running smoothly , but instead the place feels deserted .
` ` but you certainly ca n't take care of this place all by yourself . ''
this house is huge , and calder 's tour did little more than make it clear that it would take me a year to learn my way around this place .
i feel like this place , this mansion , is entirely removed from my old reality .
just because the place is ostentatious and oversized does n't mean it ca n't carry the same emotional meaning as any other home .
we 're halfway back to my place when his phone goes off .
he offered to come by my place instead - he told his shoulders are rigidsince i ' ve never felt comfortable asking calder about the gritty details of his financial situation , i have no idea what to expect .
most of the furniture has long since moved out of this place , but there are still random pieces of decor hanging in some of the rooms .
a week ago we signed the lease on an apartment together , and tonight , for the first time , we will be calling the same place home .
` ` the way i see it , this place has four rooms- '' ` ` five if you count the bathroom . ''
we ' ve spent nearly every night together for the past few months , but we 're no longer bouncing between his place and my place .
we ' ve spent nearly every night together for the past few months , but we 're no longer bouncing between his place and my place .
i want the first night in our place to be extra special .
` ` i just paid our old place a little visit . ''
` ` and do you see a place to sleep around here ? ''
it 's not like she 's going to be showing up for holiday dinners at our place after our last conversation .
and dez has been looking for a place to stay in the city as well ... '' i knew what she was getting at .
i just need to find mom another place to live and so far , it 's been a nightmare . ''
` ` i know it 's short notice , but it 's a house party tonight at my uncle and aunt 's place . ''
` ` i can drive your car , drop you off at your place , then take megan home if you 'd like . ''
` ` i may go home with brian and stay at his place tonight , so do n't wait up . ''
` ` adam , the property you bought ... you can do what you want with it , but if you tear it down , i will have to find my mother another place to live . ''
` ` she can find another place herself . ''
` ` i ' m sorry , ladies , but you 'll need to find another place to live for the next month or so . ''
you throw me out of your place just so you can stalk me at mine ? ''
starting with preston in bed , a great chat with my mother , and the truth of my feelings being out , i was so excited to end with my best friends coming over and hanging out at the place i had come to call home .
most of the week he stays at our place .
it had been ten years since i 'd had to beg for food or a place to stay .
where else would i find a place to live in manhattan for four thousand a semester ?
` ` so you , uh , brought me to your place ? ''
despite migrating and starting over practically every year , homeschooling in a lot of the places we lived , my application and sats were enough to get me on the waiting list at nyu .
unlike the rest of his place , which feels so modern and sterilized , the den is well lived in .
` ` you want to come to my place ? ''
i guess that officially makes it my place now , too .
it had one floor , one bedroom , and the smallest kitchen i ' ve ever seen , but it was the first place i ever got to call my own .
it was the first place i ever felt safe and secure .
i spent all night fortifying the house , doing everything in my power to make the place secure .
the suite is fairly big , given the modesty of the place : an open sitting room with couches and chairs , a fireplace and a television opposite a small kitchen , a large marble bathroom , and a bedroom with a king sized bed and access to a private outdoor terrace .
she 's starting to become a permanent fixture in the place , like the ugly useless lamps they keep on all the end tables .
i stroll down the sidewalk , toward the old brick townhouse , oddly a shade lighter than the rest of the places on the block .
` ` i have a place , '' i say , running my hands down my face .
` ` you have a place ? ''
no talking until we get to my place . ''
my hands shake with anticipation of seeing mark again and hopefully getting another look at his beautiful place .
he looks around my place and i realize i have n't been home or cleaned very much .
and , with valerie all over the place , she 's sure to notice a change .
it is as if i simply floated down the avenue toward my place .
i remember when he was talking about how dangerous it was for me to be seen at his place .
he opens the door for me like a gentleman , and the first thing i do is scan his place for any sign of her - a leftover scarf , some lipstick , a pearl handled knife he can jab in my back .
my mind flashes back to greg and the way i used him to dump my problems , dragged him to places because i was doing a story and generally set him on the back - burner through most of our love .
she came over to my placeyeahi knownever at my own place , you 're right about that , anyway she had these pictures .
i kiss the folder and hug his arm as he drives us back to my place .
you 're in la trying to make it as a model and i offered you a place to stay until you get a job .
i breathe a little sigh of relief while drake finishes explaining that i ' ve just moved to la and i ' m looking for a modeling job , so he offered me a place to stay since he has like fifteen empty bedrooms .
when they started dating , she needed a place to stay , and he needed regular sex .
does n't she have her own place ? ''
we stayed together every weekend , at either his place or mine .
come on , let 's pack a bag for you and for max , and i 'll show you my place .
i certainly do n't live in a mansion by any stretch of the imagination , but i like my place .
i like having her here , at my place .
when i see my place through her eyes , i realize it 's not nearly as baby - friendly as i thought .
staying in , alone , at my place is something i rarely do , actually .
the place is n't overly large to begin with , and it 's always a mess .
she broke her arm and is staying at my place . ''
i do n't even bring hookups over to my place for an hour .
i do n't mention that i also discovered her bags were gone from my place .
we ' ve had this argument probably ten times already , but could n't seem to figure out where we were going to live , and what to do with each of our places .
` ` i ' m thinking we each sell our places , and move into a new home that we pick out together . ''
the place is amazing and beautifully decorated , but there were no photos of him with a woman , no flowers or feminine touches anywhere .
then suggested my parents ' place , which was even smaller than hers .
but remember - my couch is always open if you need a place to crash .
the place had clean lines and neutral colors : gray carpet and white walls - where there were walls .
this was the first place that was completely hers , and it put an extra twist in her gut to imagine her safe haven had been violated .
` ` you forgot your jeans at my place last night . ''
` ` is n't it fortunate i planned to cook for you at my place ? ''
` ` we went to a bar after work friday night , he fixed me dinner at his place , and i came home .
` ` i ordered in a light lunch and thought we 'd eat upstairs at my place . ''
but there 's been one in every place i lived growing up , even for the few years we lived in the u.s . '' that was the most he 'd ever said about his family beyond the basics .
my place may be twice as big , but that only makes it feel emptier when it 's just me up there .
she would n't feel comfortable just roaming around his place without him there .
` ` good thing your friends were at your place .
` ` we 'll have to swing by my place so i can get some clothes . ''
` ` then i guess we 'll go straight to your place . ''
she was n't sure they spoke at all during the drive to his place .
so i ' m fine with hanging out here or at my place in the evenings .
even after they parked his car and took the elevator to his place , ronin gave her a wide berth .
an hour later when ronin showed up at her place , he was in a mood .
but if you 'd rather we can go to your place . ''
` ` your place has more toys . ''
next time you come over i 'll give you a key card and the codes to my place . ''
` ` my place is furnished .
` ` then naomi stopped showing up at my place , unless she was drunk , crying , and a mess .
` ` how 'd you get into her place ? ''
` ` putting aside our personal differences , i 'll need a place to practice while i ' m in denver .
i ' m pretty sure that 's how i got it in my head to show up at your place last night . ''
he 'd let her take care of him at his place , but he was getting out of here today as soon as possible - even if he had to f**king crawl .
in all the times amery had been in ronin 's place , she 'd never noticed the pastoral mural on the wall was n't just a framed picture but a sliding door .
hearing him describing how he lived and looking around this place ...
` ` i think it might be best if i stayed at my place tonight . ''
but he 'd had no place to store them in the summer months .
turning off the snarky voice in her head about nesting in a place that was n't hers , she started to tackle cleaning the penthouse since they 'd probably be staying in all weekend .
amery picked up croissants and fruit tarts on the way to her place monday morning .
she could n't take a chance on molly seeing those photographs even if she swapped out the memory cards , and if she and ronin continued to take risque pictures of each other , they 'd need a camera at his place anyway .
but he could n't even find a damn aspirin , and it was too much trouble to head up to his place for a pain pill .
or maybe i 'll be plotting my escape back to my place .
after her hint about sneaking off to her place , he knew she 'd try to escape from the building .
on the way down the stairs , amery said , ` ` i find it strange there are n't any pictures of ronin 's family anywhere at his place . ''
since he 'd left it up to her to contact him , it 'd been torture not storming over to her place .
no way was she taking her sour - faced judgmental parents to her loft , the place that 'd always been her sanctuary .
we ' ve secured a place for you for a few weeks .
` ` if someone had sent them pictures from the demo we did at the club , or if they 'd placed cameras here or at your place and had shots of us in intimate moments , that might ' ve given my parents the idea i was in an unhealthy relationship .
you really believe that shiori is hanging out in the dojo because she needs a place to train ?
there was a fabric store just a few blocks from my place .
why is it okay for me to stay over at your place , but you wo n't ever stay here ? ''
the place i lived ... well , it was n't exactly fit for kids .
chapter twelve sebastian stayed the night at my place , and the next morning we went out for breakfast .
so , '' he drew a deep breath , ` ` i left someone watching your place .
` ` but if there was nothing to worry about , why did he leave someone outside my place ? ''
he 'd organised a crew to come through and fix the damage to my place , but i was n't ready to go back there yet .
in the meantime , i had less than a week to move out of the dorms and find a place to live .
i can crash with a friend in the city until i get a place . ''
chapter seven with only a few days left before the dorms closed , i was running short on time and options to find a new place to live .
* * * somehow in the process of fighting with me over the privilege of hauling my bags into the apartment , blake talked me into having dinner at his place upstairs .
how about we go pick up some things , and i 'll show you how to make a proper meal for the next time you invite a girl over to your place . ''
this was my new home , but i had a long way to go before the place would feel like my own .
` ` i ' ve got an extra room at my new place , and i could use the company .
we were on totally different schedules , which made it seem like i had the place to myself most of the time .
a teal sundress lay on the bed , which blake must have collected from my place while i was sleeping .
any excitement about meeting up with isaac was easily dampened by knowing i 'd be missing a quiet dinner with blake at his place .
` ` i met with my dad yesterday , and he invited me to his place on the cape this weekend .
i finally got my own place , and the move has been strangely liberating .
i want you to see my new place . ''
maybe a couple weeks until i find a new place ? ''
i had n't made any effort to find a new place , though .
` ` no plans to , but i have n't found a new place yet . ''
or we can get our own place , i do n't care . ''
while i enjoyed sharing the space , the apartment never really felt like mine , not the way alli felt about this place now .
especially when blake is at my place late , holed up with heath having some sort of brotherly heart - to - heart til midnight . ''
a part of me had wondered what it might be like to have a place that was ours , not just blake 's , but our lives moved too fast to contemplate it much further .
chapter four less than twenty - four hours later , blake and i were in a rental car , letting the gps guide us toward elliot 's home , a place i 'd yet to visit .
` ` is this your place ? ''
and he could dream about her wrapped up in his arms in the middle of his king - sized bed back at his place .
the couple of times she 'd called his folks ' place , his father had said colby was resting .
i called out to your parents ' place a couple of times and talked to your dad . ''
i ai n't got a place of my own to maintain so i ' m flexible .
it was a point of pride for white - line cowboys to own a chunk of land , to have a place of their own to call home if the road to rodeo glory ever quit calling them .
now that she really thought about it , why had n't cash ever talked about why he did n't have a place of his own ?
she 's welcome at my place too , if she wants to stay for awhile . ''
there was something oddly comforting about living in a place he 'd lived , since they had n't ever inhabited the same space .
` ` so , when i ' m done with chores today , will you come to my place ? ''
mostly because it reminded her of every place she 'd ever lived .
` ` plus , if you do say yes , colby and i will personally deliver the equipment , and we 'll need a place to stay , so you will get to see me .
macie climbed in her car and drove to his place .
she 'd learned why he did n't have a place to call his own , and it broke her heart .
i like what you ' ve done for this place on a number of levels .
macie expected carter to play grab - ass with her on the way to his place .
it 's like my fantasy come true , lettin ' me touch your body , be a part of your life , givin ' me a place to live , getting to do work i love .
the place was huge and she knew from listening to keely that cord 's ex - wife had demanded he build her a brand new log house with all the amenities when she 'd agreed to relocate to wyoming .
if you were married - not that i ' m wishing you were - and this place was supporting you and a husband , i would n't even bring it up .
aj stared out the window at the place she called home .
and i ca n't imagine that i wo n't be able to hop on a four - wheeler or a horse and high - tail it over to your place whenever i want . ''
spent the last coupla nights at his place .
chapter sixteen aj stopped at the c - mart for a diet mountain dew and ice before she drove to cord 's place .
` ` keely and i talked about opening our own place either in sundance or moorcroft , but that was before things changed . ''
when she hit the gravel road running in front of cord 's place , she stopped .
` ` that 's why i hope we can salvage dewey 's place . ''
` ` colby and carter had been kicking around an idea of putting a trailer up the road from your place , when carson told us about them buying the foster ranch .
the space was identical in size to india 's place , a long narrow single room with high ceilings , accented with crown molding at the top and parquet floor beneath her feet .
she and her sister inherited a small family place and she relocated . ''
feelin ' responsible for every damn thing that happens on our place .
i ' m supposed to be helping liza with her bachelorette party so i might head to her place to see what 's up . ''
` ` there 's a butte on our place - well , your place now - that i used to climb .
we 're going to billings in a couple days to find a place for her to live . ''
she spent her day fulfilling the needs of one person , only to race over to cord 's place to fulfill his needs .
cord purposely did n't speak to her at all during the ride to his place .
rather than dwell on the fact that in two short weeks he would n't be able to drive to her place and kidnap her for a full day of wicked sex games , he thought about how they 'd spend the rest of the afternoon .
` ` i 'd like to pick you up at your place if it 's a date . ''
` ` when i stopped in at your place , i ah ... grilled him about a couple of things , he told me he asked you , and you said no . ''
seemed a lifetime ago he 'd called this place home .
i moved into her new place , which ended up being a good thing because not four months later she was diagnosed with uterine cancer . ''
she was ridiculously thrilled he considered her place home .
kade had noticed a few things outside skylar 's place that needed further inspection .
` ` does that mean you ai n't goin ' to her place tonight ? ''
` ` i 'd crash someplace else tonight if i could , but everything i own is at her place . ''
after chassie 's mother died , her father would n't ` ` waste '' money fixing the problems , preferring to let the place fall into ruin .
i drove past my grandparents ' place yesterday .
it was close to my mother and stepfather 's place . ''
damn humbling to realize she did n't have any place to go and few people in her life she could really talk to .
` ` does the same creek run through chassie 's and your place ? ''
` ` so whatcha think of my place , ed ? ''
` ` i doubt the old man would consider a short - term loan , even when i know damn good and well he 's lent my siblings money to build their places .
besides , lots of guys maintained close friendships and shared a place to hang their hats .
chapter twenty - five the second trevor pulled up to the place he used to call home , he damn near slammed his old truck in reverse and peeled rubber in an effort to escape .
was lonely as hell but making enough money to buy my own place in brazil .
i ' m amazed that chassie loves unconditionally , which is why she 's at her aunt and uncle 's place helping out even when she 's mad as hell at the whole lot of 'em .
dag knew how much you already did around your place .
i want my own place .
he 's cooking me dinner and then we 're watching a movie at his place . ''
was that why blake wanted to cook for her at his place ?
` ` wondered what was keeping you busy at your place because you ai n't been in town all week . ''
his cousin colt had built a new place and sold the boars nest to cam .
and carter split his time between here and his in - laws ' place in canyon river .
like you pick me up at my place , hold the door for me and take me out for dinner ? ''
` ` sure you can stay at my place .
by the time i got my life back in order , chassie had married trevor , edgard had moved in , and havin ' family close , but bein ' in my own place , appealed to me .
colby and my dad bought an acreage north of colby 's place up in the mountains .
` ` tuesday night , we have a meeting , but afterward , let 's go to your place .
got ta say , it 's sad the only time we show up at your place is when we need something . ''
we were dancing at the golden boot , one thing led to another ... and we ended up back at his place . ''
the night she 'd spent at his place and he 'd f**ked her nine ways ' til sunday .
when he parked in front of his empty house , he realized it was the last place he wanted to be .
look , i ' m leavin ' for a couple days and i wondered if you and ed would keep an eye on my place ?
let me stay at your place .
` ` how is allowing her to crash at my place letting me off the hook ? ''
this place was the first thing he 'd owned outright , finally obtaining the space , freedom and solitude he 'd given up during his years in the army .
she had n't said much on the drive out to his place .
things had worked out well as roommates , but something changed and nadia started hinting about finding a new place to live for just her and her son .
she 's staying over at my place and everything . ''
` ` you 're welcome to crash at my place for as long as you need . ''
please let me live with you until i get my own place .
might not be pc , but cam could give a crap how anton reacted to him being at domini 's place .
you can tell him the happy news because i 'll be wrapping up a few things at my place tonight to get ready for you to move in .
if you get over to her place right away and help her , she 'll probably pick you .
and considering all that anton has been through , indy and i knew he 'd be comfortable at sky 's place . ''
` ` had n't thought about it , but i guess i should or else keely 'll throw it out the window in her desperation to move outta ma and dad 's place . ''
jessie had nowhere to live , no job , no place for her horses or her llamas .
maybe i spend a few nights at your place .
maybe you spend a few nights at my place .
` ` my folks ' place .
eventually i 'll build my own place and have room for her and the stud jessie keeps for me . ''
or brings them to my place for a sleepover .
my place is n't anything remotely cool ... basically it sucks and i ' m embarrassed .
` ` keely- '' ` ` either i stay at your place or i hit the road .
you ' ve got no place to go but up .
` ` well , roomie , probably we should iron out the details before i head on back to your place and start fluffing your pillows . ''
at his place he parked under the carport .
` ` i ' ve got ta head to my place and check a couple things .
i ca n't spend the night at your place .
although they had n't been scheduled for a lunch date on tuesday , ginger had been so ... frantic to experience the feelings of sexual empowerment he 'd aroused in her , that she 'd driven out to his place and surprised him in the barn .
` ` do you need me to remind you that dad kicked her off the place she shared with luke ?
ginger glanced at kane , who watched her taking stock of his place .
` ` when colt hears why i was a major ass**le today , well , he 'll probably show up at my place with a damn puppy .
dad 's got one lined up in the barn at my place that we ' ve got ta pull . ''
but at least he had this place to crash in .
chapter nineteen although another vehicle was parked in the drive at kane 's place , ginger gathered her courage , got out of the van and scaled the steps .
so if you ai n't upgraded to a place that 's better , why would you wan na leave the comforts of the home you ' ve already got ? ''
the drive to her place had been little more than a blur .
` ` after i ' m done workin ' on the ranch during the week , i 'll be at your place . ''
` ` to be blunt , my place is too far away .
` ` there 's some other reason you 're insisting on this happening here at my place , so spill it . ''
i ' m supposed to meet my brothers at my place in an hour . ''
why did she agree with me that it 'd be better if i stayed overnight with her during the week instead of us dragging landon back and forth between our places ?
it 'll probably take a couple of days for him to get used to this place and the other kids , so i ' m going to suggest we ease him into it .
landon was fairly good at his parents ' place , considering his mother insisted on holding him all the time .
` ` has he been running around your place buck - assed naked ? ''
how would brandt take her unexpected appearance at his place ?
` ` i heard busby is havin ' a party at his place . ''
` ` last weekend you took landon back to your place .
` ` what 's funny is he probably drove within ten miles of my place and he could n't be bothered ... '' jessie extricated herself from brandt 's arms , hating the girlish , whining tone to her voice .
` ` she 's takin ' care of him at her house on tuesdays , but on thursdays she tells dad she 's volunteering for some church thing when she 's really at my place . ''
his trailer was n't much more than a place to crash every night .
at her place ? ''
but after they 'd returned to jessie 's place , cleaned up and warmed up , the three of them snuggled on the couch to watch cartoon christmas classics .
was joan looking for a place to stay ?
let 's get your stuff packed up and loaded in the trailer so we can take it back to my place . ''
the man showed up at my place out of his mind . ''
` ` i need a place to crash .
i know your life is beyond busy , and i 'd never presume to crash at your place .
` ` do n't tell him i ' m coming , but once i ' m there , i 'll swing by your place and let him know i ' m hanging out in wyoming for a bit . ''
there 's a bunkhouse if you need a place to stay . ''
you come home and stay at kane 's place and do n't let any of your family know you 're here ? ''
` ` will the people putting you up have a place for me to stay ? ''
he doubted she 'd ever stayed in a place like this .
after he 'd seen the bottle in the bathroom at kane 's place , he told himself he was n't perverted if he picked it up and sniffed it a couple of times .
so we got ... amorous on the patio at my place , not thinking anything of it because it 's secluded , right ?
they could ' ve gone back to his place right after they 'd met .
in a junky old trailer between my folks ' place and quinn 's house .
` ` we need to find a place to stay tonight . ''
` ` my assistant mentioned there 's still paparazzi lurking around my place .
petra 's place was a park avenue palace , marble floors , alabaster pillars , gilded wood , velvet and silk curtains , priceless tapestries on the walls and floor .
` ` after he cleaned me up , he took me to his place .
` ` without adding more fuel to the infamous mckay fire , we 'd better stick to my place , because wherever we go in sundance or moorcroft , chances are high we 'll run into one of my family members .
that way it 'd be mckay land , from your place to ours , as it should ' ve been before my dad f**ked it up all those years ago . ''
` ` be at my place right after work . ''
he requested my presence at his place that night so we could talk .
` ` ah , my folks are havin ' a family thing at their place since chase is in town , as well as our brother gavin . ''
as he sensed the questioning looks from his family members , ben realized it 'd been f**king idiotic , lying to ainsley , telling her that he did n't want to show up at his folk 's place , acting like she was his girlfriend .
but mom 's really happy everyone is at our place for a change .
once they were finally in his truck , he said , ` ` straight to my place ? ''
i 'd intended to swing by your place this morning to catch up , but you beat me to it . ''
it just so happens i have a great selection of tequila at my place . ''
` ` were you worried i 'd drag you back to your place for a naughty nooner ? ''
` ` you are coming to my place tonight after you stop at rielle 's . ''
which means i 'll expect you at my place tonight as soon as you get off work . ''
i could go over to your place .
it 'd taken every ounce of strength not to march into her office , throw her over his shoulder and drag her to his place , where he could tie her to the bed , and make her listen to him .
` ` uncle casper 's place . ''
i ' ve seen her car at your place several times in the last few weeks .
or at her place .
which is why i came over and checked on his place .
` ` so if i said , ' georgia , let 's hotfoot it to my place right now and get nekkid ' ... ? ''
they followed her back to the house - still weird to think of it as brandt and jessie 's place .
happy as he 'd been for his brother and sister - in - law to have the family homestead , the place he 'd grown up in was n't his home any longer .
so i might swing by his place after lunch to see what he needs help with , since i doubt brandt will remember to do it . ''
please say we 're going back to your place to watch movies .
` ` you love your place that much ? ''
if you want to stay and watch the end of the movie , it 's not that far to my place .
` ` but- '' ` ` do you want to come back to my place so we can finish what you started ? ''
` ` i will be at your place at seven on thursday night . ''
after he 'd moved in to brandt and jessie 's old place , he 'd made the place his own , right away .
after he 'd moved in to brandt and jessie 's old place , he 'd made the place his own , right away .
the ride back to her place was mighty quiet , not that he 'd expected georgia to blather on .
` ` come by my place on sunday when you 're done . ''
` ` you ready to go to my place ? ''
when she got her own place , purchasing matching dishes and household items had n't mattered .
before that i lived in luke 's old place .
because tara - lee and rj were supposed to get married that fall , tara - lee had already moved in with my folks , so they let her come with us to the new place .
he does n't understand why i do n't just drive over to his place and we can hug it out . ''
not the first time that 'd happened when she spent the night at tell 's place .
so tell was n't planning to hang out at her place .
late monday morning , tell drove to ben 's place to work on the baler .
we 'd promised brandt and jessie we 'd be at their place when dad came over to see tucker .
we can chill out at your place , but i ' m not leaving you alone to wallow .
tuesday night was a wash . she 'd invited him to her place after his dart game ended , but the way she 'd gone on about how much fun she 'd had with the new people she 'd met and the old friends she 'd reconnected with had brought out a jealous streak and he 'd just gone home .
can i come out to your place and make you supper ?
i ' m crashing at ben 's place . ''
` ` how about my place ? ''
` ` but i did ask you to come to my place . ''
did she consider his place ... home ?
did n't she have what every college grad wanted - a job , a decent place to live and a little money in the bank ?
` ` i walked here from my place , so i do n't have my car .
i guess rielle is scrambling to find another place to live because gavin got sole custody of sierra and he 's movin ' to sundance .
she took me to her place to sleep it off . ''
if you would n't have come to me today , i was gon na drive out to your place . ''
but promise you 'll let me help when we pick out new stuff for our place , okay ? ''
and yet , you still have n't made any plans to build your own place .
` ` after we got the phone call from gavin , we revisited the building plans for your place since we had n't looked at them in a while . ''
` ` but when i got up here , i realized , this place no longer is mine .
i ' ve been neighbors with the mckays for years , and that has n't always been easy , but i wo n't jeopardize that because i 'll still be neighbors with them when i build my new place . ''
you want to show me all i ' ve been missing by taking me to a place i 'd never be able to afford to go to on my own .
first of all , every household in the mckay family had some type of holiday get together at their place .
since carter and macie lived out of town , they combined forces with carolyn and carson at their place for a cookie decorating party .
` ` the sooner you get this over with , the sooner we can get you to our place , get you warmed up and doped up so you can rest . ''
` ` i do n't want you to build your own place .
one day at their place .
` ` where is the only place i ever go ? ''
when i pulled over , i realized i was n't far from your place . ''
my mom 's boyfriend bought a place in paris with an extra bedroom , so she wants me to stay at least half the summer with her . ''
` ` whenever i think my house is a zoo with two kids , it 's good to come to your place .
` ` i need a place to stay . ''
then at some point this week i got ta get furniture for this place and a tv .
` ` i do n't fit this place anymore . ''
i 'll swing by my place and pack a bag . ''
` ` the night before last when we had supper at your place you used that bully - kiss tactic on me then too . ''
how about two nights ago when you came to my place ?
so on a whim sunday morning he 'd texted rory , telling her he 'd swing by her place at noon .
when dalton had shown up out of the blue at her place in laramie two years later , a dejected man , admitting he 'd been second - guessing everything about himself and his life , she 'd taken him in .
they left after dessert - the separate cars thing sucked , but rory did n't balk when dalton suggested he stop by her place for a little while .
he took a look around her place as he shed his outerwear .
` ` do you want to leave your car here or drive it to my place ? ''
i hated it when tell got his own place .
after he left rory 's place on wednesday morning , dalton eyed the no hunting signs hanging from the barbed wire fence on either side of the gate as he fiddled with the lock .
you wan na head home , deal with your dog and i 'll show up at your place in an hour ? ''
` ` oh , heads up in two weeks we 're playing poker at my place . ''
they were close to his place and she got him inside without much trouble .
i made the decision after casper showed up at my place . ''
i wondered if dalton drove to your place afterward . ''
chapter twenty - eight dalton decided it 'd been smart for aunt carolyn and uncle carson to hold the family get together after the burial at their place .
i spent the day doin ' my cinderella imitation cleaning this place now that all the remodeling is done . ''
ridiculously pleased , she said , ` ` i could come to your place tomorrow night and cook you supper ? ''
my place is a little hard to find . ''
not since she 'd shown up at his place and he 'd whisked her off to bed after she 'd cooked him dinner .
she knew beverly would only be at the dance long enough to meet up with mike and then sneak off to his place , and for the first time she understood why .
mike wants to get married as soon as he has a place for us to stay on base .
you mentioned something about going back to your place . ''
the short version is your brothers all showed up around my place and threatened me if i did n't break it off with you .
` ` he was downright hostile to you that night at the dance when he had his arm around me and invited me back to his place . ''
that 's when they bought the place we live in now . ''
once they settled the herd near the small stock dam they could ride back to cal 's place .
in fact , i 'll be so busy between now and then , not only with my regular day - to - day stuff , but tryin ' to make cal 's place habitable since i ' ve kicked him out of the trailer , that i probably wo n't see you until the wedding . ''
you 're over at your folks ' place every damn day .
did colby take you over to our place ? ''
then he and caro and their oldest three boys had moved in after jed 's heart attack and this place had become too much house for one man .
if i would ' ve wanted to talk to you in a mess , i would ' ve invited you over to our place . ''
no one is eatin ' lunch or getting so much as a crust of bread until this place is cleaned up to your mother 's standards . ''
he went out of his way to make you feel like shit during the work day and she would n't put up with that in a place that 's supposed to be your refuge . ''
` ` i 'd say it 's been quiet around our place , but cord is n't the chatterbox in our family anyway . ''
` ` since no one is home at your place , i ' ve been fielding phone calls from your friends .
but colby declined to live at home and carson allotted the funds for colby to build his own place on mckay land .
anyway , you and aunt c oughta swing by our place sometime and check out my new goat grotto . ''
ah , why are you breaking into my liquor cabinet when i know there 's booze at your place ? ''
at least when they came over to our place . ''
` ` after that last heart attack , he kept up with what his grandkids were doin ' as long as he did n't have to venture too far from our place . ''
i know they 're all casual staff but they 're great people and i 'd hate them to think that i 'd abandoned them when they find the place all locked up in the morning . ''
she found us a place to live nearby while i studied .
they had a quiet little place in chalcidice and took her in for a year or two to give her time for the scars on her face to heal .
she would have a wash , do the dishes , and scrub the place to within an inch of its life - that would occupy her this friday afternoon , now that work had finished for the day .
however , she was starting to worry about bringing a newborn back to this place eventually .
but everyone needs roots , a place to return to , somewhere to call home and a nursery with a rocking horse . ''
` ` well , at least you did n't have to waste a lot of time moving her out of your place .
you dated laurie for months , and she never even walked through your place ?
leave me your keys , and i 'll have your car delivered to your place later tonight . ''
if i quit this job just to sleep with you , then i would n't have a place to live , food to eat , or books and supplies for school .
i have a place close so when i stay there , i tend to end up here . ''
` ` we dated ... we had sex at her place , but i did n't spend the night , nor did she spend the night with me ... at any time .
i know she does n't really want to leave my place , but she feels like she should offer to give me space .
truthfully , i do n't know if i would have ever walked back through the door to this place if she had died .
i told him our apartment was in the middle of renovations , and we needed another place . ''
after my attack in the basement of our old place , neither of us could bear to live there anymore .
* * * layla 's first thought had been to reject nathan 's offer to spend the night at his place .
instead , he had invited her back to his place , with a somewhat vague plan to keep his hands off of her for at least twenty - four hours , even if she was sleeping in his bed .
it did n't make any kind of sense to feel this guilt , but she did , and she could n't shake the feeling that coming to this place where they 'd both lived when she met them for the first time was a bad idea .
nathan had shown her the retractable walls cleverly embedded into slots strategically situated in various spots around the place , so he could create rooms on the fly around the office space or the bedroom .
that had led to a less frantic session back at his place .
it did n't matter , she had grown up in this place , and she easily picked her way through the living room and up the stairs in the dark .
the sex was great , but i just wanted my own place back with air conditioning and a full kitchen .
if you give me your measurements , i can put in an order online and have exactly what i want to see you in sent over to your place . ''
` ` my place is bigger , ` ` he pointed out .
but if a family has great debt , they may offer themselves at our secret market to serve in the house of another so as to pay it back along with receiving a place to live and food to eat .
but tell him to leave the dagger at your place . ''
maybe if it had n't been so long since a man had invited her back to his place .
he 'd let her sleep but would leave a note telling her to enjoy the place while he was gone and to call him when she woke , so they could make plans to see each other again .
that way we can all live in the same place and it will give sparkle and me more time to work on our project together . ''
i ' ve always wondered what this place looked like on the inside .
` ` lacey brought you here because she said it was n't safe for you at her place . ''
you will have to choose a new place to live if mendez 's allies are looking for you . ''
` ` you have no idea how long it took me to find a place with enough room to house people on our budget , and that was before a lot of these funding organizations started making cuts . ''
and there 's no way i ' m going to be able to pay first and last month 's rent on a new place . ''
` ` did you walk here from your place ? ''
` ` but before i start packing i need to know , do you have stuff like dog food and a water bowl at your place , or should i just bring what i have ? ''
he took a deep breath and said , ` ` if you 're worried about having a safe place to stay , you could come back to my apartment for as long as you need .
it was either move into nikolai rustanov 's place now or risk getting kicked out of pavel 's life all together , because he was in his uncle 's physical custody .
then she said to nikolai , ` ` i ' m going to move back to my place . ''
` ` one night , while i was looking for a place to sleep , i stumbled across the two of them in a lovers ' embrace .
talk about a fish and a bird trying to find a place where they could both live !
and i would love nothing more than to take you back to my place and make your toes curl . ''
find a place to live ... '' amanda 's voice trailed off as she thought over all the things that needed to be done .
i need to get him back to my place . ''
with no money , no place to live , and no one willing to hire an ex - con to do anything , he was on the brink of committing another crime to return to jail when he 'd applied for a job at her father 's club .
he 'll have my balls for dinner when he finds out i took an unknown guy up to your place . ''
` ` i need you to go to my place and get my spare keys , another cell phone and some money . ''
` ` we thought it best that you have your own place .
not to mention that the last time she had gone to her brother 's place , she 'd had to spend two hours cleaning it before she was able to touch anything in the apartment without cringing .
` ` oh lord , you do have your own place , do n't you ?
` ` of course i have my own place .
keep her at your place . ''
take sunshine to your place and keep her there until the drug wears off , then call me . ''
talon got her back to his place and laid her carefully on his futon .
bride had loved her place on iberville .
` ` we thought it best that you have your own place . ''
` ` i like having my own place .
inside , the place was well kept , but cramped and dismal .
looked like she was going to need a new place to live after this .
i just left the two of them at your place to have it out . ''
` ` i did , but twenty minutes after i got to her place , pam broke up with me . ''
but as chris had insinuated , the panthers had a way of being less than friendly to any dark - hunter who stayed too long at their place .
` ` we are just going to her place , okay ?
i finally find a woman who 'll actually let me into her place and you bring her home for you ? ''
` ` you know , you have quite a place here , '' she said .
the two of them must have gone back to his place last night to retrieve it .
` ` you sure you do n't want to spend the night over at my place ? ''
i can be at his place in under twenty minutes . ''
her heart heavy , bride was grateful that she had this one tiny place left , otherwise she would be in a hotel room tonight .
at least here in her own place she had some comfort .
the place was spartan for the most part , but it did have some interesting comforts , such as a large , padded bed and furs , and twenty - first - century novels .
` ` and you want to tell me how i ' m going to get him to your place since bourbon street is closed off to traffic after dark ? ''
` ` let 's get you settled at my place and then we can head out tonight and see what daimons we find . ''
it 'd been when nick was ten and his father had needed a place to crash for the longest stretch of freedom the man had known as an adult - three whole months .
` ` very sterile place you have here . ''
marguerite 's own eyes widened as she looked around the dark , grungy place that did appear to need a good and thorough cleaning .
i ' m sure between the police and the daimons , they have both ravyn 's house and your place staked out . ''
` ` but if they went to the trouble of killing him , would n't they have searched his place ? ''
so let him simmer , we have a place to visit .
` ` we need to find nick some place to sleep , '' susan said , trying to alleviate the unspoken hostility .
` ` send me back to my place and stay out of my way . ''
it was a nice place to live once you got past the loneliness .
dolor is on his way to your place to hit the two of you while you 're unconscious . ''
` ` we can go to your place and get another one . ''
but she just needed a few minutes at her place where everything was familiar .
man , she could easily call this place home and was grateful to be with a kindred spirit .
you ' ve been to our place before which means you know about kim and her ' underwear on the floor ' problem . ''
` ` not good , '' he breathed , looking around at the chaos that had been left behind as someone tore the place apart during a search .
i 'd offer you my place , but i only have a one - bedroom efficiency .
someone killed dimitri last night and ransacked his place .
as soon as they were safely in the hell realm , she snatched her hand away as she turned around the dark room where he held court over all the daimons who called this place home .
that she 'd have to allow him back into the place where only he could do her harm .
the place was so rundown even the scuffed , chipped linoleum floor dipped in the middle .
jericho had known jaden lived here with them , but he would have thought the broker would have a lush place to call his own , not be caged with the rest of their victims .
` ` nice place you have . ''
hey bear , i know i should n't do this , but if you like to live as dangerously as i do , head over to my place before you go to bed .
so each place they lived in had to be carefully reviewed by the squire 's council to ensure the hunter would n't be possessed .
if they did n't stop for lights , they should be able to make it to his place in about the same time , maybe less .
or , in your case , guys who live under rocks and never get to see a normal woman 's happy place . ''
she really had no place to go .
unlike his brother , who had taken over their palace after their father 's death , ren had wanted nothing more than a modest place to call his own .
to say the place was tacky would be an insult to tackiness .
i ' m supposed to be at your place tomorrow so you can tie me to your bed , remember ?
` ` no , '' donovan lied , thinking of savannah and what he would say to her when he went by her place in the morning .
you turned your parents ' place into a b and b , and a very successful one , from what i ' ve heard . ''
a place to raise her daughter with people who cherished her as much as sumi did .
honestly , he should leave here and find his own place to live .
there for a time , i could n't get anything ... could n't even rent a place to live .
he 'd searched everywhere for a place to belong .
` ` no one messes up my place . ''
she must be insane to shower when she should be plotting an escape , but as she 'd searched his place , the temptation had been too much for her .
she 'd only dreamed of an apartment like this and she 'd never have imagined such a place as the home of someone with syn 's brutal reputation .
this place looked like it belonged to an aristocrat .
you can have them back once we get to your place . ''
nothing but a sheet strung up on a line separated the bedroom from the rest of the place .
` ` have they gone by my place yet ? ''
then we need to find some place to stay for a night until i can protect myself , and unfortunately you , from the bastards after us . ''
not destitute pilots like caillen who could n't even afford a place to live .
it 's just habit when i ' m not in my own place . ''
i need to go back to my place for a few things .
` ` nykyrian 's place .
even the food she 'd left behind had been pulled from his cooling unit and dumped on the floor where it 'd rotted and filled the place with a very lovely little odor .
no wonder she 'd taken him back to her place that first day .
he 'd assumed it 'd been destroyed along with his place .
over the last week , she 'd looked at a couple of places to live , but so far she had n't found anyplace that seemed like home .
` ` imagine having overnight duty at her place .
` ` i was born fighting and we ' ve wired your place to such an extent that we 'll know if an uninvited cockroach visits a flat ten stories down .
when kiara had first started looking for her own place to live , tiyana had insisted she live close by so they could continue their lengthy gossip sessions and late - night food binges whenever they were between shows .
` ` to a friend 's place where you 'll be safe . ''
` ` his mother died and he has no place to live .
i ' m pretty sure this is syn 's link that i found at my sister 's place , along with a contract signed by her for his life ... and yours .
at least for once the place was decent .
ask her back to your place .
a long time since she 'd gone to a guy 's place .
he laughed as he gave her a brief tour of his place .
there had been a time once , long ago , when he had dreamed of having such a place to call home .
` ` nice place you have here , '' he said .
i 'll call you soon as i ' m free , but worst case i 'll swing by your place after daylight . ''
` ` i 'll swing by your place tonight , but i ' ve got to leave right now . ''
meet you at my place by daylight .
she 'd sleep in a public bathroom - and had - before she 'd owe anyone for something as basic as a place to live .
that 's how she 'd ended up in a place with all the charm of a fallout shelter , which was paradise compared to the claustrophobic hole she 'd spent twenty - four hours a day in for eighteen years .
once he reached the sidewalk along peachtree street in downtown atlanta , he casually offered , ` ` we could go to six feet under for a quick bite , and you can crash at my place if you do n't want to run into tzader or quinn . ''
` ` why do n't you let me grab some food and meet you at your place ? ''
someone got the wise idea to give them another place to reside .
` ` you 're staying at my place . ''
a place he 'd expected to call home at some point only if brina had to live here .
as elizabeth surveyed the open living and cooking areas , lothaire tried to see this place through her eyes .
why did ivana ever leave this place ?
` ` where 's your place ? ''
` ` until we find a place to call home , we should focus on nothing but that . ''
` ` just until we scare up some blankets and make this whole place less ... '' ` ` rustic ? ''
chapter 15 him he 's never stayed overnight at a girl 's place , so maybe there 's a strange sense of intruding that he has n't yet experienced .
living in paris has pretty much shot my budget to hell , but after a quick glance at the paper , there are a few places i can afford ... especially if i can find a job relatively soon .
i have an enormous place and can definitely work on my sex - volume issue if it means i get you as a roomie . ''
i think i found a place to live .
if we went back to my place , no doubt we would stay there , and i need to see my girls , to thank them .
` ` i like your place , '' ansel says , smiling into the kiss .
magnus would have felt painfully sorry for him , but he had stopped in a phone booth on his way home to ring up etta at the small jazz club where she was singing tonight , to tell her not to come around to his place for a while because he had a baby vampire to deal with .
but she had n't cleaned , and mrs . milligan probably had n't invited these four vampires to come and stay and generally trash the place .
` ` let 's have a nightcap back at my place . ''
` ` i never thought i 'd see the inside of this place . ''
` ` i can keep jace at my place easily enough . ''
clary wondered what it would be like to live in a place like this .
she buttoned her coat , but the cold in the manor was more than physical cold : the place felt cold , as if there had never been warmth or light or laughter inside it .
michael wayland had had no relatives , valentine had said , so she supposed no one had inherited this place after his ` ` death '' -she had assumed valentine had carried on living here , but that seemed clearly not to be the case .
he had always felt an odd tug at his heart at the thought of alicante , the half - painful hope that his family would return one day to the place where they belonged .
and no place that you are never allowed to leave can be a home .
at st . mark 's place there were card tables set up along the curb , selling everything from cheap socks to pencil sketches of new york to smoky sandalwood incense .
even in his current mood , he had to admit it was a miserable place to stay .
when he was a kid , he 'd always liked traveling , because being in a new place had meant being away from all his problems .
he was hungry , and all he had back at kyle 's place was room - temperature blood that was already beginning to separate - a sickening prospect , even for a vampire .
` ` i ' ve been at his place for the past- '' ` ` and you could n't tell me ?
find you a place to stay .
while alec stood guard downstairs and maia and jordan rummaged through simon 's backpack in the living room , isabelle , standing in the doorway of simon 's bedroom , looked silently at the place he 'd been sleeping for the past few days .
lilith gave me a place to live , a family to take care of me .
` ` thanks , but i think i do n't need a place to crash tonight .
this was the place his parents had brought him back to when he was born .
who knows who else might be on the run from the clave and need a place to stay ?
he had so many happy sunlit memories attached to this place , this house .
whatever happens with you and jace at the institute ... you know you can always come over to my place if you want to talk . ''
being pack leader paid a small salary , and she had decided to use it for rent , to keep what once had been jordan and simon 's place , keep their things from being thrown into the street by an angry , evicting landlord .
we ' ve kept in touch over the years , so when he called and asked if i knew of any places to stay , i extended him an invite . ''
` ` i can take you back to my place .
i knew you had no place to go , but i was still so angry with you .
` ` in public or at his place ? ''
` ` at his place , but it was n't a big deal . ''
` ` she spent time alone with roth - time at his place .
` ` it was ... okay , but i forgot to change back into my clothes before i left your place . ''
so it 's either school or my place . ''
` ` your place is fine . ''
` ` do you think your place is safe ? ''
` ` no demon would dare to come any closer to my place .
your ... place is nice .
` ` remember what you were trying to convince me of that day at my place ? ''
` ` i thought we 'd head back to my place after grabbing something to eat .
` ` i need to get you back to my place where i can- '' my obnoxiously harsh laugh cut him off .
` ` i stopped by his place .
` ` we ca n't go to my place .
we spent a lot of time together , either holed up in my bedroom or his , or we 'd spend time over at stacey 's place with her and sam .
it ll make it harder to want to find my own place once i get enough money saved up .
lock the front door on your way out , i say , hoping hell take the hint that he is more than welcome to go back to his place now .
i would have gone back to my place by now , but i ca nt find my keys .
if you need quiet , you can go to my place , he says .
he seems to work just as much as corbin does , and while its nice to have the place to myself occasionally , its also nice when corbin is nt working and there s actually someone to talk to .
as soon as we arrive at my parents place , my father puts corbin and miles to work hanging christmas lights .
i ve never lived in a place this small .
it makes me wish my dad and i would get a smaller place .
mostly because this is his place , and this whole situation is pretty much on his terms , and i feel a little bit at a disadvantage .
i look around , suddenly developing the urge to pick out decorations for my own place .
i plan on staying with corbin for a couple more months , but it would nt hurt to have an idea of what ill want for my own place when i do finally move out .
ask me if you can study at my place , he whispers .
can i study at your place ?
you told us to go to my place to watch the game , but you already knew i did nt have cable .
we have the place to ourselves , i whisper .
i think that s one of the reasons i have nt mentioned that i was even looking for my own place .
i hand corbin the key to my new place .
sure , they 'd go to her place and check it over - at some point tonight .
` ` do you need a ride or anything to your friend 's place ?
` ` oh , and can you- '' ` ` call and get someone out there to clean up her place ? ''
after murray left , chandler made sure his place was locked down , alarm set , and then grabbed the totes before heading upstairs .
he took it upon himself to get an alarm ordered , and it would be installed later this week , but even then , he was n't going to be comfortable with her going back to that place until they knew who was behind this .
` ` i left your place last night , alana , but i did n't leave you . ''
i ran into him at the frat house when i came back from my parents ' place .
` ` you 'd probably have this place to yourself for the most part . ''
i just want to go back to my place and chill out . ''
can we hang out at your place and have drinks when i get back ?
either way , i could n't afford an apartment or a hotel , and i sure as hell was n't going to intrude on teresa for a place to stay until things got sorted out .
even if it was truly the last place i wanted to stay .
` ` are you really staying in this place ? ''
` ` i do n't have any place else to go to , '' i continued , feeling an odd lump in my throat and a stinging in my eyes .
` ` you not having any place to go . ''
` ` you 're not staying- '' ` ` then you 're coming to my place ?
` ` i ' m not going to your place . ''
` ` i have cable at my place .
offered a place for me to crash .
` ` went to mona 's one night , ended up with a job , finally got my own place , and here i am , lying in bed with mona 's pretty daughter .
i should ' ve called teresa and asked if i could crash at her place .
i had n't been in a lot of guys ' houses , at least not any that did n't have a girlfriend , so i was expecting the place to be a mess , full of pizza boxes and beer cans .
` ` i like your place , '' i said , and then flushed , because i was pretty sure i sounded like a dork .
` ` it works for now , but eventually , i want a place with a yard and no neighbors right on top of me .
` ` calla , it 's no different than me staying at your place . ''
my place is better .
no one is going to barge into my house , but this place ?
i would be safer at his place , but it was his place , and staying at his place meant something , and ... damnit .
i would be safer at his place , but it was his place , and staying at his place meant something , and ... damnit .
i would be safer at his place , but it was his place , and staying at his place meant something , and ... damnit .
jax wanted me at his place because it did mean something to him , to us - to our thing .
roxy was concerned and offered up her apartment as a place to crash , but that was also shot down when jax announced that i was ` ` crashing '' at his place , before he disappeared into the stockroom .
roxy was concerned and offered up her apartment as a place to crash , but that was also shot down when jax announced that i was ` ` crashing '' at his place , before he disappeared into the stockroom .
` ` like staying at his place ? ''
she 's been to my place .
and i paid him back for that when we got back to his place , happily on my knees in the living room .
` ` you show up at his place wearing nothing but a sleek black trench coat and when he opens the door , you jump his bones . ''
after that , i went back to my place .
` ` and i ' m smart enough to know that you probably got my place f**king surrounded and if i did n't let you in , you would ' ve found your way in . ''
i assumed there was a loan she was many months behind on and the place would be foreclosed on at any minute .
the stone fireplace in the living room gave the place a homey feel .
getting her back to my place was the first step .
i 'd have to get someone else to come in and clean the rest of the place today .
her hair was all over the place , and her face had pillow creases on it .
rush can get him back to our place and let him sleep it off .
i 'd gladly offer her a room at my place if you want .
and i ' m gon na put her sexy ass up at my place .
why do you think i want to get her back to my place so bad ?
that was my place , and i did n't want memories of females up there .
i need a place to stay until i can find a job and get a few paychecks .
then i 'll get my own place .
` ` you 're planning on getting a job and a place of your own , '' i said , wanting to remind myself that this was her plan .
when she has enough money to get her own place , i 'll do what i can to help her find something affordable . ''
the first thing i noticed when i walked into the kitchen this morning was that the place was cleaned up .
i ' m just giving her a place to stay , '' i replied .
grant drank entirely too much to drive all the way back to his place , '' the girl said .
will ran away to my place whenever i was nearby .
i just need a place to stay for a few more days .
` ` a party at my place is n't the way to make that happen .
says she 's going to move out and get her own place soon , '' i told him .
there 's more room here than at my place .
it was one of the reasons she was going back to my place .
the band liked crashing at our place on nights we played at live bay .
` ` we should move the parties to matty 's from now on , '' i said , feeling guilty that green had to leave his place to be able to study .
i just want to go back to my place . ''
i had moved all parties to matty 's place .
in a week she had made the place feel warm and inviting .
i had never had a place where i felt like i belonged .
hearing linc confirm that i was n't tall and beautiful like the girls krit brought back to his place was painful .
` ` how do you figure that you barging into my place and yelling at me means you love me ? ''
or better yet , you can come back to my place after class and have grilled cheeses with me and eli , '' she said , smiling .
manda left me once and i was shattered , man , but this ... hell , i never smashed up my place . ''
rock called a buddy of his that did sheetrock to patch the place , and then he took green to go replace the flat - screen and other necessary pieces of furniture we needed .
the place where she was living now was furnished .
nina roy should ' ve thought about who she was letting move into this place .
now that you know we are n't about to dirty up the neighborhood with our presence , you can go on back to your parents ' place .
never at my place .
i did n't f**k them at my place .
then again , maybe i did have a place .
i had never seen his place .
` ` tonight there 's a party at my place .
i just wanted us to have a place that was ours .
this hotel room was to give us a place that was just ours .
it was the nicest place i 'd ever stayed .
until last month when i went to the party at marcus hardy 's house , it would have been the nicest place i had ever been .
you 'd move into your own place first and get married first .
rock had talked about getting a place of our own , but i thought it was a dream to help us get through the tough times .
you can come back to my place if you do n't want to stay here . ''
and although i had a cleaner come in and clean the place three times a week , jess was also cleaning .
i do n't want my place trashed . ''
he 's going to look into a place to rent , seeing as he 's going to be there a lot . ''
most of his belongings are already at his place in new york - a semi - detached house in astoria that he 's been renting for almost a year .
the place he will now call home .
when i first told her that i felt it was time to invest in a place of my own , she struggled to hide the panic .
it 's a place to stay , nothing more .
i was actually considering getting a place out by lansing and renting this out .
i stopped by her place the day before i left and gave her an extra - big hug , so big that i saw anxiety flickering in her eyes .
though much simpler in taste than viggo and mortimer 's place , my second prison appeared equally comfortable .
the first time i ever stepped foot inside their place in manhattan was the day you were there .
` ` we should have known you 'd kept this place , '' mortimer grumbled , though with a touch of admiration in his voice .
` ` i would n't let this place fall apart , '' sofie mused without prompting , her sharp heels echoing through the entrance as she stepped across the mosaic - patterned tile of cream and white marble .
walking the hall toward the foyer , i could see that someone had transformed the place from an exquisite chateau to one decked out for a holiday magazine photo shoot while i slept .
` ` i need you to find a way into viggo 's place . ''
` ` do you want me to break into her place while she sleeps and turn her fans on ?
the place seems fine to me , but i ' m a twenty - five - year - old who lives with five other guys and would come to work in board shorts if he could .
he was over at your friend 's place and told me what was going on .
` ` you know her place is a hundred miles away .
usually when i turn into this driveway , all i can think about is how lonely the place is , how much fun i used to have here .
i ' ve snuck out of this place so many times , i still know how to avoid the loud creaks .
` ` she ca n't come up with the kind of money she needs to buy him out and the bastard 's never going to give the place to her .
just ... come back to my place .
hank had written several letters to me , hoping he 'd one day have a place to send them .
miller may look like a bum off the street , but he 's meticulous about how he keeps this place .
this place feels like it fits me somehow .
` ` i should probably bring these up to your place , '' he says , throwing his long legs over the old wooden rails .
just like my above - garage apartment , this place is perfect for a twenty - four - year - old guy who needs a bed to fall into .
trying desperately to remember all the things she wanted to do to this place to make it her home .
it did n't escape me that i was thinking about leaving a place where i was totally safe and secure to live with a lover who i had n't entirely trusted just forty - eight hours before .
i just spent more and more nights with him until it seemed ridiculous to keep paying rent on my own place . ''
` ` if you 're hoping to head over to her place and check up on her , you should get the address from her . ''
since you 're free this weekend , how about we round up some of the usual suspects at my place tonight ?
he walked in wearing loose - legged jeans and a v - neck white t - shirt , the keys to my place spinning around his finger .
i ' ve never seen your place . ''
` ` i do n't want to hang around your place knowing you and eva were supposed to be out having fun .
` ` she 's at her place .
i spent the ride between my place and gideon 's thinking about anne lucas .
this is what we needed , to come back to this place .
it 's no hardship hanging at his place a few days .
she 'd finally gotten suspicious , considering it was our fourth night in a row at her place .
xox i cover my mouth as i laugh out loud , afraid i 'll wake livie or mia up , who 's staying at our place with livie tonight .
to storm , officer dan says in a soft voice , ` ` i 'd find another place to stay for the night until you can get this door fixed .
` ` when you left your place with that goon , livie stormed out and chased me around the commons , screaming at me that i broke your heart .
focusing straight ahead , he murmurs , ` ` i ' m taking you back to my place , irish . ''
i was barely off the phone when i got an email from my father with at least a dozen reports of neglect at this place .
her old place was nicer , but it did n't make sense for her to be there anymore , with the expensive treatment and therapy .
she just needs a place where she 's safe and comfortable .
looking back over the past year , i ca n't believe how ashton and i came from such different family situations - mine a place of love , his a place of pain - and yet we ended up in exactly the same spot at exactly the same time : learning how to make our own choices .
` ` i think i 'll just swing by her place to make sure this is n't something more than a bug or chick issues . ''
i know it 's not normal , but i ' m not normal and i wo n't let any illicit shit get dragged into my place , derailing everything i ' ve worked so hard to build .
while waiting for me outside cherry 's apartment , nate saw her son playing at the neighbor 's place , so we knew he was n't in imminent danger .
i now have a job and what i assume will be a better place to live .
` ` trent 's old place ! ''
` ` jeez , when is my place being renovated ? ''
she would have been crashing at friends ' places .
guys ' places .
tanner has n't seen anyone coming in or out of her place , from what he 's told me .
the night i moved charlie into her new place , grace - a twenty - eight - year - old heiress to a prominent sonoma valley vineyard - was in town and paid me a late - night visit .
i expected her to gladly accompany me to my place , to my shower , to my bed .
i ' ve got ta take charlie back to her place ...
most of the time , we 're either at penny 's or at his place .
i have half a mind to drive over to her place and force the truth out of her .
i 'll drive you back to my place . ''
please give my apartment to ben and anything of mine at your place to ginger .
i ' m telling you , he 's barely left his place .
i was n't in the mood for idle chitchat or making up lies , so i very bluntly announced that i needed a job and a place to live .
he 's bound to have a home somewhere , a place we ' ve never seen , some ancestral manse or something .
` ` but he ca n't leave his boat at the landing , not for someone else to- '' ` ` no , he wo n't do that , honey , do n't be silly , he 'll take his pirogue up home to his place !
the overwhelming sensation one had inside the dark house was that it was a place no one had ever really thought of as a home .
` ` nice place to live , is n't it ?
there was a great gilt - framed mirror , too , making the place seem twice as large .
at the first sight of a shadowhunter , he would have locked the place up tightly .
with his clothes on , but still ... '' ` ` yeah , when 's his place gon na be ready for him to move back ? ''
` ` but a woman was found dead in the front yard of eric 's place , and i was in the house . ''
this vampire , eric whatever , he did n't want his girlfriend to catch grief about staying over at his place . ''
i ' ve seen him at your place .
in our long drive through the night to jannalynn 's parents ' former place , i had more time than i needed to think , or maybe not enough .
but my cell phone did n't chirp on the drive back to my place .
` ` your dad 's place ? ''
i 'd spent the minutes i 'd waited by refreshing my memory about the route to alcide 's family place , and i 'd written the directions out .
though there was more cleared land around it than there had ever been at my place , it was even more private .
alcide 's dad 's dad had owned the farm , and jackson herveaux had kept it after he 'd gone into construction so he 'd have a place to run at the full moon .
they abducted sookie and were taking her to their own place , and we can only imagine what they would have done with her there .
anything interesting happening at your place ? ''
you know , when you decided to lure me to your place so your buddies could nail me to a cross . ''
` ` i need to be looking for a place to live .
` ` and you 'll find your own place , and your kids will be able to move back in with you . ''
i assume you do n't want me dropping by your place , either .
by the way , holly 's been working in your place while you were out sick and this morning , just to pick up a little extra cash for the wedding .
( while i 'd gotten gran 's house when she passed , jason had inherited my parents ' place . )
` ` jane saw arlene meeting with two men in back of tray 's old place the night before we found her body . ''
plus , he left some shit at your place .
i do n't want a life , but a friend of mine is hurt bad and he needs a hospital and a place to stay while he recovers .
the soft gray walls and dark armless sofas had been called cold and barren by some of his subs , but he found the decor soothing , absorbing the energy of the place with the ease of breathing .
max 's place would be ideal , but she ruled it out .
a door downstairs opened , and jax 's and lexi 's voices touched rubi 's ears , dragging her back from the blissful place wes had taken her .
she 'd lived in a lot of nice places , all around the world , but this - this was the only one that had ever felt like home .
` ` i could see how it would be hard to leave a place like this . ''
this place was so fabulous , it tempted her toward the idea of buying a home of her own .
do you have your rig with you or is it at your place ?
i go to this crossfit gym near my place .
wes : i ' m already halfway to your place , coming to check up on you .
stayed there until she 'd found another place to live .
and now i have to find another goddamned place to live . ''
` ` she 's working against a short work deadline , she has a dog she ca n't just walk away from , and her father is selling her house out from under her , so she has to find another place to live .
all he 'd wanted was a family and a place to live in peace .
besides , his brothers had told him that vampires could only trace to places they 'd already been .
if he went into another rage , his brothers might force him to leave this place , jailing him somewhere else .
he 'd seemed perplexed when she 'd just laughed and deemed his domineering ways tres charmant , and then he 'd been angered when she 'd reminded him that she already had a place to stay .
she 'd expire if she saw his place .
` ` right now i ' m going back to my place to pick up supplies before we leave town ; then we 're going to meet my brother , who 'll know more about all this .
they 'll be watching your place . ''
she was going to love his place .
the place might be nice , but right away she could see some things that needed to be rearranged to make sense .
demons and vampires could only trace to places they 'd previously been .
take me to your home , the place where you live off - plane .
a crimson - scaled basilisk was chasandshy ; ing demons all over the place , swatting tents up into the air .
she leaned up to whisper right at his ear , ` ` you 're going to let me stay in this place . ''
initial y , he 'd considered storming this place , inflicting as much damage and destruction as possible .
no choice but to set off for his parents ' place .
i knew my mom wanted them gone , but i could n't throw them away , and as soon as i got my own place , i 'd take them with me .
i think the maid had baked it in the oven while she tidied the place .
the next best thing would be a place of my own so i was n't sleeping in al 's bedroom .
i could flatten this place with one curse , burn it to nothing , give her warts or turn her dog inside out .
there was a single camp - style bed in the corner , almost hidden behind the antique marble - top dresser that had been here when we bought the place .
` ` i can warm this place up better than that heater . ''
we 'll run until we find a place for you to stay while i find a phone .
i 'd be worried that the unemployed woman was taking over his life , but in all honesty , the place looked so great that i 'd let the warrior dryad redecorate any time she wanted .
` ` they 're going to trash mark 's place . ''
` ` as long as quen is making the trek out to your place every three months , i ' m going to be doing security while he 's gone .
` ` if you need a place to stay , give me a call , '' he added , then fumbled for a card , handing it in .
` ` he 's taking me to his place and i ' m making spaghetti , but the fib asked me to stop on the way and give you a little welcome - to - reality message . ''
` ` sure , you fought your way out , '' i agreed , ` ` but tomorrow is a weekday and you should be thinking about finding somewhere to work and a place to live because you 're not bunking with me . ''
if they did n't give her to me , i was going to tear the place apart .
or ivy 's parents ' place where the tension was so tight that it almost sang ?
never again , but we have a place to be - if we wish .
` ` right , '' i said , eyeing trent 's lips and wondering how long it would take to get back to his place .
the king of the sent ones had spent the next several years coaxing koldo from his rages , doing his best to comfort a young male with such a damaged past , ensuring koldo was trained to fight the right way , that he had a safe , comfortable place to sleep , that he always had a proper meal to eat .
` ` but if i had told you i wanted you to come to my place and enjoy yourself , '' thane continued , ` ` you would have said ... '' ` ` no . ''
tear this place apart ?
` ` only the best place ever - my place .
` ` only the best place ever - my place .
they need a place to stay for a bit . ''
then ava had met noelle and started crashing at her place ; the luxury had amazed her .
` ` well ... to be honest , i do n't actually have any place to go , '' the woman said with a sweet smile , her charm far greater than johnny 's , but no less fake .
the vampire slept at your place and came with you to a job .
` ` no one knows he slept at my place but you . ''
ava imagined a vampire kid running around her place and was n't completely repulsed .
as the car meandered to air headquarters , noelle said , ` ` mckell go back to your place last night ?
second , ` ` you have a place ? ''
` ` one , we 're not taking them anywhere near my place . ''
you can trust me - praying mia was even then gathering troops to raid his place .
he was a nuisance , but a sexy nuisance who was at once selfish and selfless , giving her pleasure without taking any for himself , and besides , his shit was at her place .
then i met noelle and started spending a lot of time at her place .
had gossip not warned her about the mess , she would have thought someone had broken in and trashed the place .
` ` she was here , '' he rushed on , hands up to ward me off , ` ` and she tore my place apart .
i truly doubted he would have kicked her out for trashing his place .
because that 's the only place you belong .
i was rarely here , and besides , the only thing i did here was sleep and work , so why spend the time and money required to make the place cozy ?
he gave me money and food and a place to stay and he told me he would ... '' kill her if she betrayed or left him , i finished for her .
i reallydid need my own place , i realized .
` ` i prefer to stay at my own place .
` ` do you enjoy living in such a large place ? ''
bride was gon na be pissed when she returned home and saw what he 'd done to her place .
but it 's girly , not the kind of place i would have pictured you living . ''
it was her place , anyway , and she could do what she wanted .
if he tried to hurt devyn , she would tear this place apart .
` ` by watch my mouth do you mean i should invite your cuz back to my place for a game of hide the magic wand , or my new personal fave , puff on the magic dragon ? ''
` ` just for that , i ' m willing to forgive you for not calling , writing , or letting me crash at your place when i was being chased by the law . ''
someone to make sure she had a place to stay .
while she 'd renovated her place , she was n't situated in the best part of town .
after he 'd left her place , he 'd gone home , but he had n't gotten any sleep , had tossed and turned , his body on fire for more of her .
usually , the place was a disaster area , with clothes strewn about , empty beer bottles everywhere , and food wrappers stuffed between the couch cushions .
when hector had n't called or swung by to pick her up , as she thought she remembered him promising to do before he left her place last night , she 'd assumed they were supposed to meet at air .
we ' ve been working a case since the moment we left your place .
you 'll have no place to go .
and it does n't help that he acted so quickly against your threat , or that arcadians can only teleport to places they ' ve previously been .
so the bastard had been to her place before .
` ` looks like someone 's due another reminder about her place . ''
if she spoke true and he was free , he had no place to go .
i gave you a place to stay , food to eat and a life as peaceful as possible .
she 'd gone back to olympus , a place she 'd sworn never to visit again .
to gilly , she said , ` ` i 'll be at your place about ... four - thirty tomorrow morning ?
they 'd offered her a room at the fortress , but she 'd desired a place of her own .
to wrath , olivia must represent a place the demon would never have been welcome , making the unattainable seemingly within reach .
` ` this does n't look like your place , '' she said .
and yeah , i know it would have been nice to know we had a place to stay , but the old bastard never breathed a word . ''
` ` can you imagine twin demon hel ions running around this place ? ''
she wondered what he thought of her place , her things , and tried to see the room through his eyes .
now there was a woman who knew how to make a place comfy and fun .
now keep it down while i find a place for us .
we need a place to stay . ''
the place had been in horrible shape , facing financial ruin .
a place she 'd dreamed of owning for the last four years .
` ` i 'll find a place . ''
` ` since i ' m supposedly dead , i ca n't stay at my place .
going back to her place would have been stupid , giving away their identities , no matter what they looked like , so he 'd offered no protest when she stole a truck and drove him to a safe house she swore no one knew about .
* * * blue called pagan from the road and told her he would come by her place around ten for a chat - up , as evie would say , then hung up when she rapid - fired questions at him .
he wanted to move into evie 's officially , or move her into his place .
in the last year , she 'd gotten her own place , started teaching others self - defense , and trained with a vengeance herself .
he 'd brought the chair out here after his mother 's death , when he 'd needed a place away from his family , away from the shades and the spartans .
it was more romantic and dreamier than any place she 'd ever been for dinner .
from the bright red velvet chairs to the beaded blue pillows tossed haphazardly about to the purple lace hanging from the windows , the place was a veritable rainbow .
after all , if candace was the bad guy , it seemed a little backward that the only one getting knocked out and brought places was me .
like sherridan , they 'd been talking about moving out and getting a place of their own .
it is strange to be in a place that carries one single memory so completely .
i was beginning to feel that i had finally found a place to stay , a place that was not so unstable or corrupt or controlling that i could actually belong there .
you would n't touch the instant vanilla spice stuff i had at my place . ''
` ` i thought there was a party at lola 's new place tonight , '' mom says , and i snap back to the conversation .
` ` you 're going out , and you 're staying at your place tonight , '' dad insists .
this place has three bedrooms and is twice the size of my house on vancouver island .
` ` this place does n't look like a bachelor pad . ''
in fact , i ' m beginning to wish we 'd gone to her place .
i direct him back to my place , but otherwise we just stare out the windshield , not really speaking .
` ` this means nothing , coming back to my place , '' i say .
i run upstairs , kiss my parents goodbye , and head out of the house , diving into my car and hoping to beat finn back to my place .
we nearly pulled over to the side of the road four times on the short drive back to my place , because his hand was in my dress , his mouth on my neck , his fingers guiding mine to his lap when he pulled his cock free , whispering for me to feel him .
she 'd always envisioned something simpler , like sweeping out of a club and falling into bed at the guy 's place so she could leave when it suited her .
he picked up women , took them back to their place or a hotel , and fucked .
` ` my place is close . ''
how you 're the damn glue that keeps that place together . ''
before we found our current place , we spent a month couch - surfing , and two nights sleeping in the car when there was nowhere else to go .
i tried to find us places to live that were near parks and lots of trees , but a starry night sky like the one above us made me miss the country so bad .
listen , there 's nobody home at my place right now .
why do n't you use my spare key and take that big hunk of man back to my place ?
i 'd lived in places so much worse , but now i had a decent apartment without bugs and i was getting picky ?
the most interesting thing about the place was the pool table that sat where a dining table would normally go .
i did n't know how old her kid was , or even if there was more than one , but my house was no place for a kid .
as i put my key in the door of the apartment , i paused , hearing an unfamiliar woman 's voice inside my place .
part of me wanted to kick the woman out of my place , but another part of me enjoyed hearing about her problems .
i slept over at her place , but on the couch so i would n't see her na**d until she was all healed up .
we can go to your place after we go hear some good , non - country music . ''
my mind tripped over him saying ` ` go to your place . ''
at least the place smelled decent , thanks to a peach - scented air freshener i had plugged into the outlet on the stove .
` ` my place is a disaster . ''
` ` dude , you ' ve seen my place . ''
i know your place is n't on the way to my house , so i ' m not going to lie .
going back to my place was a terrible idea , because what if i could n't get him back out again ?
no , my place was out .
` ` ca n't take you to my place , because it 's disgusting , and my roommate has some friends crashing there .
i repeated , ` ` let 's go to my place . ''
maybe when we got to my place , he 'd just drop me off and tell me things had been fun , but he was n't ready for dealing with me plus some kid who was n't his .
then we 'd pick up the kids together at three and have dinner at her place .
i had n't seen her since tuesday , when she 'd shaken me to my core in her bedroom and then practically thrown me out of her place .
i was n't so sure about that , especially since she invited me over to her place for ` ` a rematch '' right after our first date dinner .
i went to her place because i did n't want to be that guy .
we 'd just been kicked out of the place we 'd been living .
natalie and dave were going to pick bell up from our place and take the girls to the zoo in abbotsford .
i pulled her to me and kissed her again , hoping she 'd invite me to come over to her place that night .
i was spending three or more nights a week at their apartment as it was , and i figured my rent money could go toward that place , and aubrey could cut her shifts at the bar .
he was going to have to talk to tommaso about minding his place , including his interactions with emma .
` ` why did you pick this place to live ? ''
` ` when you see him , tell him to get his ass back to my place . ''
and to make nick even more irresistible , he had gone and won a huge brownie point for cleaning up my place .
i tossed yours in the trash when i cleaned your place .
she wandered down the hallway , also bare of any personal effects - not a painting , photo , or tchotchke to be found in the entire place .
i 'll go to his apartment and get him on the phone , but do n't come near his place . ''
and right now , she was grateful for a place to call home .
there 's no place like home , no place like home , no place like home .
after her parents died , it was years of hell , simply to get to a place where she could function like a normal human being .
we 'd usually meet at his place , tumble in the sheets , and leave it at that .
from my fake trip in a few days , i 'd need to crash at her place for a while due to a nonexistent mold problem .
` ` trust me , king had people go through your brother 's place with a fine - toothed comb weeks ago .
the place was tidy and undisturbed , at least from what i could see of it .
silk tapestries , lavish antique armchairs , beveled mirrors , and oil paintings of long - gone aristocrats from the days of lace and velvet gave the entire place the feel of having walked back in time .
` ` you 're staying at my place tonight . ''
the place looked like one of those giant loft apartments you 'd see in new york , perhaps something an artist might live in .
and most of the time it felt like i had the place to myself .
shaemus had decked out his place with fish tanks and houseplants .
so , when riley suggested we look for a place to live together for our last two years of school , i had jumped at the chance .
` ` well , i wan na go back to your place and f**k you senseless . ''
so we 're having it at your place .
i have n't been back to my place but to get some clothes and books for class .
it was the one he always gave me before pulling me into a bedroom at his cousin 's place .
i ' ve seen him coming out of your place .
i felt bad for garrett having to clean the place up in the morning .
riley was heading over to damien 's place so she handed me her car keys and said she 'd see me in the morning .
` ` you mind coming over to my place for a while ?
i finally get the guy back to my place and i pass out .
he was at gracie 's parents ' place this afternoon .
the house was just as i pictured the place where gracie grew up .
he went and opened a few windows to try and air the place out .
he had given me a place to stay when my dad kicked me out of the house .
` ` uh , she called gracie , needing a place to crash .
i then went to my shitty apartment , a place i honestly had hoped to never see again , and drank my way into a coma .
` ` can we go back to your place for a while ?
` ` how will you get back to your place ?
the place was a lot nicer than i remembered .
` ` i went out to my parents ' place , '' i found myself saying .
` ` that 's because your place is a shithole , '' i responded .
i had n't been expecting this when i had made the decision to come to vivian 's place last night .
her hair was all over the place .
i 'll pick you and your friends up at your place around eight on saturday ! ''
i would be too paranoid to throw a party like this at my place .
` ` it 's actually lisa 's parents ' place .
we could get jobs , a place to live .
i thank god every single day that we found our way to this place together .
i was trying to work up the courage to leave the place that had provided the safety and security i had so desperately needed for the last three months .
i had worked my ass off to clean the place up .
he had warned me that coming back to a place that carried so much baggage would be opening myself up to old wounds .
ruby has n't been in for a while and the place is a mess . ''
` ` so your mom said to be at your place by six for the birthday dinner extravaganza !
the rest of his family had gone to san diego for the weekend , so we had the place to ourselves .
at least she 'd have a decent place for the child to live .
erin hoped to find a smal place she could afford near our parents , and she and mom started making plans to shop for a house .
i cringed , thinking of melanie living in this place .
this place was nothing like the little house i 'd bought for us .
` ` i meant you 're going to need a different place for your son . ''
it was clear i was asking a lot more of her than help finding an acceptable place for us to live .
vlad 's place is part of an older subdivision , complete with sprawling grandfather trees and retired couples who are even older .
blake filled me in on everything that had happened while i was away , told me work was great , and he 'd been saving to buy his own place .
the place had n't changed in all the years i 'd been gone .
i was incredibly thankful for what blake had done for me , the way he 'd welcomed me in and given me a place to stay .
it did n't matter we had no plans and had no place to stay because i sure as hell could n't take her back to stay with the letches i called roommates .
i had no idea what i would say if he said no , if the fear of the unknown , the fear of troy , and the small comfort of familiarity would tie him to this place , because today i was taking my son from this life .
when maggie had been released from the hospital , we had moved into my old room in my parents ' house for about a month to give jonathan a safe , neutral place to adjust .
` ` it 's kind of embarrassing , but have you ever had a place that just became a fairy tale to you ? ''
like it was n't obvious how badly i wanted to take her back to my place and coax that blush from every inch of her body .
` ` i ' m actually studying at my place . ''
we both knew there was no denying my place was kind of a dump .
` ` wan na go back to my place ? ''
it was almost ten , an hour or so earlier than when i usually left his place .
` ` we 'll stop by your place on the way so you can change and leave your stuff there . ''
it was hard to reconcile the two , the christian i 'd come to know in our quiet evenings at his place , and the one i 'd first recognized when he walked through the door to the cafe more than three months before .
he attempted to include me , but i just could n't settle , could n't find comfort in this place .
i ran , wound around them and toward elizabeth 's place .
then he showed up here at my place .
if she asked me back to her place , cool .
you 're coming back to my place . ''
the day i turned eighteen , i was released , and i 'd hitchhiked my way across the country , putting as much distance between this place and myself as i possibly could .
i would n't run short of money for a while , but i 'd need some kind of employment to put on my application if i wanted to get my own place .
he 's been staying at some old motel , and i told him he could stay here until he found a place . ''
i know it 's our place and all , but i do n't need dad riding my ass about it .
i 'd just been too lazy to start looking for my own place in the last week .
i 'd grown so accustomed to this place that was ours that it 'd become easy to imagine that this was all either of us had ever known ... just the quiet of my room and the steady beat of our hearts .
i 'd been to a few parties at his place .
instead of heading toward home , i turned toward my parents ' house because i could n't stand the thought of being by myself in the desolate apartment , was n't ready to fully give myself over to the memories of jared inhabiting that place .
in the beginning , it really was just supposed to be for a few days while he looked for his own place .
six months ago i came back to phoenix and ran into christopher , who took me home to stay at his place .
this place was never the same without you . ''
` ` we should get our own place , yeah ? ''
the thought of jared and me having our own place , sharing our lives .
he scooted up beside me and rested his back on a thick branch that helped to support our fort , this place made of fairy tales and hopes and dreams .
we 'd been online , looking at apartments for a little place of our own , someplace to start our family together .
` ` at lunch today , i was talking with my boss about us wanting to find our own place .
` ` not half bad , '' he said in slow appreciation , turning to meet my eye , like maybe he got just how much fixing up this place meant to me .
with the baby , we 're going to need a bigger place . ''
my sketchbooks lined the walls on the shelves jared had built next to a desk with drawers filled with supplies , a couch up to the side just like he 'd promised when he first brought me to this place .
` ` you have done such an amazing job with this place , jared .
i frantically ripped and tore and rid this house of what never should have intruded into this place .
a friend , i guessed , the only other person i knew to call when i found my ass without a place to sleep .
drove all night to get here ... hoping you 'd gone home after you left my place last night .
it was one of a new house with a new husband , a place where she would become mother and he would become father , though she now found that picture skewed .
she made it to the landing of her apartment , and with trembling hands , let herself into the only place she came close to being able to afford .
he had made no real effort of his own since that first day when he 'd gone to her place , only call ing once and hanging up when a man had answered her phone .
i still was unable to believe i final y had my own place .
i 'd just never been to his place before .
when i had bought this place , i could never have imagined it would eventual y become lizzie 's room .
lizzie went right for the windows , her favorite spot at my place .
lizzie would be at my house for a couple of days and then she 'd spend a couple at christian 's , though when school had started again , she began spending more time at my place .
` ` i warned you my place was a mess . ''
it 's been really busy around my place lately . ''
let 's hope it 's just some dumb kid looking for a place to crash , '' mike said .
it 's , like , my place . ''
mom had some guy come and measure the place up and he had a kitchen installed in less than six weeks .
` ` my first demand is a safe place to live .
` ` i ' m willing to move into my own place .
he 's all over the place since mom came back from mexico and found us gone .
nobody from our place , but still , she 's looking out for me , and i ' m glad .
her father owned several shotguns , and he did refer to them twice the night we went to his place to tell them the bad news .
18 everyone seems to be out , so i have the place to myself for the rest of the afternoon : sweeping , dusting , and cleaning in an effort to get at least one of the downstairs rooms into a habitable state .
i think it 's the closest thing to domestic harmony this place has ever seen .
i do n't know yet about the internship i 'll get here next summer , working with the tourism board to promote eco - friendly travel in british columbia ; i have n't seen the small , cute apartment mom and me will move to , or dad 's place in sweden , where i 'll spend christmas , stringing sugar cookies to the tree and eating local smorgasbord .
` ` the garden , maybe , or back to my place . ''
we could go back to my place , and - '' ` ` it 's ok . '' garrett sighs in defeat .
sure , my mom reorganized the place just six weeks ago , but that was merely a surface job .
he had n't taken grace to a game in years , and at least here , she 'd have a place to visit him .
as much as grace wanted to get this over with , she had to admit , she was curious about the place her father had called home .
` ` i found a place for us to live ! ''
when she made it big , she 'd buy a place here , with the ocean right on her doorstep .
palmer with her alternative star tour earned grace not just a healthy bump to her savings account , but also a new friend - and with it , a place to sit at lunch , someone to do homework with over coffee , and the hope that , perhaps , there were some relatively normal kids in the 90210 zip code , after all .
at his place . ''
or come back to my place ?
i ' m too old to move backward like that , not if i want to buy a place of my own .
staying with ella or cassie was one thing , but what about her belongings - a whole flat full of books and furniture and ... with a sinking heart , alice realized there was only one place she could go now .
given that her savings were still being held hostage by the bank , her credit rating would cause even a daytime - tv - ad loan company to pause , and julian was otherwise engaged picking out new linens with yasmin , alice had no alternative but to accept flora 's offer of a place to stay .
or apply for that art residency in florence and really absorb a place for a while . ''
want to come to my place around eleven ?
he had his back to the mansion and i looked up at the place that had been my home for the past three months .
` ` they can recuperate at our place . ''
` ` first night i slept without passing out drunk in four months was that night at your place , '' he said , his voice barely audible .
` ` the girl who called that morning at my place , '' he said suddenly .
` ` could take him to my place , '' he offered .
they could leave zane at his place with a guard detail and then they would go after the f**ker .
it was so totally different from any other place he 'd been - washington , la , baltimore , new york .
when zane entered their cabin , he found the place entirely upended .
` ` its a good half - hour ride to your place . ''
` ` well , now i m really glad you called me , because the epipens are all at your place . ''
` ` there s a good bakery and deli on the way to the office from my place .
` ` were going to my place , '' ty announced without preamble .
they changed the locks at my place .
` ` i left my gun at your place , '' nick answered defensively .
` ` we 'll have the whole place to ourselves . ''
` ` your granddaddy wanted you to have it , wanted you to know you had a place , no matter what . ''
` ` we need a place to stay for the night .
this place screams pretentious to the hilt .
i turn up the lights just enough so people do n't injure themselves when they try to hurdle all the decorative crap jen and blaine trashed the place with .
jen , in her infinite state of mourning , probably trashed the place before securing her post as gatekeeper , and now she 's successfully barricaded us from our room .
she needs a place to stay , and she wants to rent out the b and b . ''
they 're pushing through town , and she mentioned they needed a place to crash . ''
mind if we shower at your place ?
` ` i really ca n't wait to get my own place .
` ` moll needs a place to stay so i offered her a room . ''
` ` that night at your place was something totally different .
lauren got the plague to foot the bill for the clean up , and , thankfully , outside of some destruction to one of the downstairs bookshelves , there was n't a whole lot of damage to the place .
as soon as you get enough for your own place , you can run back to your little job at starbucks for all i care .
i 'll get a place , pay off my credit cards , and have enough to buy ruby something nice for her fourth birthday .
nope , for the rest of the summer i ' m going to be living with derek and his pot - smoking girlfriend in their not - so - comfy rv while i save for a place .
` ` why do n't we get those boxes out of your car and we can ride to your new place together ? ''
i ' m pretty sure working myself up as we park in front of her brother 's place is not a great idea .
` ` derek 's asleep but you two can come in and have the place to yourself .
need a place to crash .
` ` she did n't have a place to crash so i let her hang out at my house .
i 'll make sure she has more than enough to pay for her fall semester and a new place to stay .
she has her own place , her own car , and for sure does n't have a child she had to give up anywhere on the planet .
it 's not things or fancy houses that make the world go around , ally , it 's love - and it just so happened this place did n't have any . ''
and god knows i do n't have enough to pay for my own place and books next semester .
i should get my own place so ally and i can shower in peace - preferably together .
i felt really bad about stranding you this summer and essentially leaving you without a place of your own . ''
plus , i ca n't wait to share the news that we finally got our own place !
everything went to shit after blair hexed the place with her ghost of a body , but i 'll be damned if ally and i fall apart because of it .
it 's probably cal pushing me to clear my shit out of his place .
i do n't know why i bother going home , especially in the summer when i ' ve got this place strapped to my back like a bomb .
we pull up to the bishop 's old place and park in the driveway , both of us settling our gaze on the overgrown cabin , mesmerized to be back under such different circumstances .
it 's refreshing seeing new furniture in the place , the dank scent of the bishop house long forgotten , replaced with the sweet scent of skyla .
i pry the door open and scan the place , empty as dudley 's head - nothing but two beds pushed together in the center .
that 's something we had n't even considered - getting our own place .
but , now that we 're man and wife , it would be nice to have a place to call our own .
i ' m sure just a small fraction of that can land gage and me in a place of our own .
now that gage and i will have a place of our own , i can finally get around to telling my mother the big news - and his mother .
but we wo n't have to worry about crashing with marshall , we have a place to call our own - for the next thirty days .
` ` sounds like we ' ve places to go . ''
this logan imposter sweeps the deck , moving his arms in long , careful strokes , molesting the gutter with the bristles of his broom as if he cared enough to keep this place gleaming .
this is the only place to live . ''
chapter 76 no place like home all day and all night , i wait to hear word on the oliver 's hunt for celestra corpses .
` ` i do n't have an office , but- '' ` ` you can come to my place . ''
` ` i promised mr . dudley i would drop off print samples at his place this afternoon , but something just came up . ''
` ` the screaming , the bodily fluids sloshing onto the carpet , '' tad counters , ` ` why do n't we initiate these memories at your place ?
` ` can we go to your place ?
i ' m secretly hoping she 'll give me some special key that will unlock a backdoor to this place .
i ' m not going to stand here and listen to marshall moan before he obviously gets up and assaults logan - until the entire place is trashed , and there 's nothing but broken glass and blood covering every square inch like the time chloe slit my throat .
chapter eight there 's no place like home gage picks me up from marshall 's early in the morning and drives me to casa count where i once laid my head secure , not realizing it held the promise of a guillotine .
it 's the least i could do after you spent the night at my place .
it 's illuminated with a pale blue glow , and it occurs to me while gazing at it dreamily , that i could never get used to living in a place as fantastic as this .
it 's not wall to wall bodies like the parties i ' ve been to back home , but then those houses were the size of a shoe box and come to think of it if we shrunk this place down to that size we 'd probably be wall to wall bodies too .
` ` there 's no food at my place . ''
` ` he said there are cameras that see every square inch of this place . ''
i ' ve spent every night at his place since that weekend .
kinsley and lincoln take me back to their place , and all i think about is claire holding my baby in heaven .
not to mention the fact ford did ask me to go back to his place .
i stare at the bullshit debris covering my office and shake my head at how carefree i was just yesterday when i still believed i 'd own this place forever .
` ` actually i ' m having some people over at my place . ''
the mccarthy 's hired a decorator to come out and festoon the place with all things americana , not to mention the expensive floral arrangements dripping in the center of each table - white lilies mixed with blood red roses .
it was a special place to my mother and me , and now ace and i will always have those amazing memories there .
took her to my place and had a quick bite . ''
` ` how about chinese take - out at your place ? ''
i ' m not sure i ' m ready to part with this place . ''
` ` i was sort of hoping we could see them from your place . ''
i dragged you out here to help inspect this place from floor to ceiling .
if we 're going to get a loan , we 'll need this place to sparkle and shine . ''
so when she demands i haul ass to her place asap i put on my running shoes and speed over .
maybe i 'll surprise her and stop by her place tonight , bring some whiskey and my tail between my legs .
holt for the last two weeks , izzy and i have alternated staying at her place and mine .
i want to head to his place and not come out for weeks .
` ` you want to run by my place for while ? ''
` ` that makes this the last night we get the whole place to ourselves . ''
holt laney and ryder invite us over to their place for dinner .
i ' m dying to see your new place . ''
you 're coming to my place . ''
he was ready to follow rox home and clear her shit out of your place .
a movie at my place sounds pretty good right about now - alone .
why do n't we go back to your place , and you can get to know me a little better ? ''
by the time i get back to the apartment the entire place is lit up with the scent of sugar and spice and , holy shit , everything nice .
` ` you want to go to my place ? ''
and without her in it , the penthouse has been the loneliest place i ' ve ever lived .
2 love shack laney ` ` okay , i 'll go to your place . ''
way to strand myself at my ex 's place without my purse , which i stupidly left in a bag with all my street clothes .
i swallow hard and try to distract myself by taking in the place with its dark wood floors , the expensive persian rugs in the dining and living room .
` ` we can put them in your trunk before the show , that way we can go straight to your place after your mom 's . ''
i drove meg to her place .
back at my place , the ocd in me makes sure i check that the door is bolted shut at least twelve times before i go to bed , and , here cole and bryson all but leave an invitation for the ax murderers in the neighborhood .
come to think of it , this entire place is probably heavily coated with genetic forensics i want no part of , especially the couch .
i doubt you 'll get much done at your place . ''
and you do n't like the bathroom accommodations at your brother 's place ? ''
baya and i change and head out to our place , the witch 's cauldron .
` ` i might have a place to stay after the weekend .
besides , i ' m sure whatever stupid satanic ritual aubree dreamed up wo n't take up an entire hour , and , then , i 'll finally have a place of my own , free from overprotective brothers , not to mention the romping roommate i 'll be leaving behind at prescott hall , although a small part of me will miss thing one and thing two , perversely entertaining as they were .
so i called adrian and asked him to search the car to see if they were there , and he said no and that i was staying at his place for the night even though i told him that i could just stay at a motel or something until i went to yours in the morning .
` ` it 's either your place , or the office , '' he said bluntly .
` ` come watch it at my place , then , '' he said .
the maid that cleans his house took it from me and told me that he stayed at a girl 's place . ''
you want to convince the consumer that the hotel is a safe place to stay in with a family ; for example , showing what the hotel has to offer children .
i exclaimed , ` ` who was the one who was constantly nagging me to stay at their place overnight , even after the countless times i clearly said no ? ! ''
i did n't have any medication that would cure a hangover ; even though i had been meaning to invest in some thanks to amy 's wild nights where she 'd crash at my place because she was too lazy to go back home .
you don't- '' ` ` unless you want to come back to my place ?
maybe you could come and have dinner at my place one day !
white walls and floors extended throughout the open space , and a black and lavender coloured scheme was splashed all over the apartment in places which highlighted the expense of the place even more .
` ` wow , your place is amazing , '' i stated truthfully , still taking in the bright home .
` ` when you two get married and visit mom and dad 's place , i want none of this happening every time we leave you two alone for more than 5 minutes . ''
you can go straight to his place on monday morning .
the last sentence is whispered and i ' ve never been more tempted to jump in my car and race over to a man 's place .
i need to get some clothes from my place today . ''
we 're walking through town , on our way to ty 's house to surprise him and to check on the progress of my own place .
` ` has jill settled into your old place ? ''
` ` jill called me last night , said she delivered dinner and flowers to your place at ty 's request . ''
` ` let 's go to my place , ty . ''
ty asks , and kisses my hand as he drives us back to my place .
` ` we 'll stay at my place tonight , '' ty informs me .
` ` lo , i really think we should stay at my place . ''
` ` i want her place patrolled regularly .
` ` i ' m glad you had a place to go . ''
` ` the construction crew is at my place repairing the pool house , and they 're noisy and distracting .
` ` no one is going to come trick - or - treating way out at our place . ''
` ` hey , y' all are coming to our place on sunday for football , right ? ''
ty stayed at my place and was content to catch up on his own work while i dove into mine .
they went to her place to check on her when she did n't show up for coffee .
i do believe we have a few stops to make on our way back to your place . ''
` ` we 're going to your place . ''
chapter three luke 's home is a very short drive along the coast , and it strikes me that his place is less than a quarter mile from mine .
` ` well , summer 's almost over , and it 's the middle of the week , so i figured we 'd have the place mostly to ourselves . ''
` ` well , i was thinking i could come over to your place and we could talk . ''
i ' m going to shower and head over to his place for breakfast . ''
* * * luke is quiet on the way back to his place after dinner .
` ` you 'd rather go to your place tonight ? ''
if he wants to move some stuff into my place , that 's fine too .
` ` jules ' parents have invited us over to their place for dinner tomorrow night . ''
` ` will you come to my place when your sessions are over ? ''
i can drop you off at home , go pack , and come back to your place . ''
we ' ve been home from our romantic tahitian getaway for a week , and we have fallen into a comfortable routine of work , flirty texts throughout the workday , hitting the gym or yoga together and alternating between his place and mine at night .
tonight , we 're staying at my place , and we 're having dinner with jules .
thanks for meeting me here , rather than having me pick these up at your place . ''
i ' m going to walk to his place , get a little exercise and fresh air .
i ' m at your place , but you 're not here .
well , i know why i do n't , but no one else does either , but luke told me where you live once , so i went to your place and that 's when jules told me you 'd gone to luke 's . ''
` ` luke was in an accident after he left our place last night .
` ` yeah , your parents called her and she found me at your place . ''
when i got back to my place , i got violently sick .
` ` i caught a late flight back to seattle and went straight to your place , and you know the rest . ''
` ` i called her after i left your place last night and told her that i was going with someone else for the movie .
and the last time i spent time with him at his place , it ended in disaster .
` ` i 'll meet you at your place in two hours . ''
` ` would you like to come to my place tuesday night for my birthday ?
` ` come to my place after work .
we ' ve spent every night together since monday , alternating between his place and mine .
` ` so , the shower is tomorrow afternoon at my place . ''
all of the guests have finally left , and it only took three cars to load up all of baby olivia 's loot to get it back to natalie and luke 's place .
` ` are you going to come to my place ? ''
` ` no , come to my place after work . ''
we watched that one together last month at my place .
he 's following me back to his place .
i thought we should stay at mine since its closer , but he insisted we go back to his , so we stopped by the house so i could pack some clean clothes and drove on to his place .
so i wo n't be at your place when you get home . ''
` ` i 'll go to your place tonight . ''
` ` okay , i 'll meet you at my place then .
luke 's mom , lucy is going to watch the baby at our place .
it 's the way he looked at me for eight months , after the first time we made love in his apartment and until he talked me back to his place right before my birthday .
i 'll fall apart when i get to your place . ''
` ` then he came to my place while i was packing . ''
` ` your place is nice , '' he mutters .
the alley not far from your place . ''
leo had been over at my place , hanging out with me and listening to me bitch about school and this guy that i went out with twice and never called me again after i slept with him .
it seems silly to stay here when you 're gone , given that my place is less than twenty minutes from here .
we 'll have to put some of your things at my place too , in case we end up there . ''
` ` i ' m going to her place .
i am snuggled up to will 's side in our cab on the way to my place from the airport .
` ` why do n't you just come back to my place with me ? ''
` ` i could stay at your place with you .
` ` you 're always welcome at my place . ''
instead of taking me back to my place , he drives us to his house , pulls into the garage , and lifts me back out of the car , carries me inside , and up the stairs through his bedroom and into the bathroom .
` ` just come to my place , i 'll order in . ''
` ` yeah , we have them and we 're on the way to your place first . ''
be at my place in an hour .
i notice he does n't take me back to his place .
` ` i 'll be at your place at seven .
luke mentioned he 's staying at your old place ? ''
i blink and look around and realize that i ' ve driven to meg 's place , and she 's standing in the doorway , leaning against the doorjamb , arms crossed over her chest , watching me with a frown .
he 's staying at meg 's old place .
` ` because i 'd rather be at your place , or mine , alone with you . ''
he brought me here after our dinner at will and meg 's , and i was excited to see what he 's done with meg 's place .
` ` i want to be with you , at your place , if you do n't mind . ''
i 'll make my calls from your place later . ''
` ` i ca n't wait long enough to drive to your place . ''
` ` good , we have time to go to my place first . ''
` ` i could have just stayed at your place and sent out resumes until you got home . ''
` ` i like your place , '' he comments and turns the water on in the walk - in shower , adjusting the temperature .
` ` last time i checked , i have my own place , '' i remind her .
` ` so you 're gon na move out of meg 's place ? ''
when we get into your place . ''
this is the third time he 's reminded me since we left my place , and i only live four blocks away .
but i do n't want you going back to your place .
` ` because caleb has some work being done on his place , '' i hurry to answer before caleb can , and earn a look of surprise from him .
` ` keep telling the girls i need a place to stay .
` ` call her parents ' place , '' matt suggests .
` ` i 'll tell you when we get back to my place . ''
` ` they can stay at my place , '' caleb replies as he joins us .
on the way back from the market today , matt stopped by his place to grab a change of clothes and a few of his things for another night away from home .
sounds like dom 's place is nice . ''
chapter ten ~matt~ i ca n't get back to my place fast enough .
` ` i 'd like to come to your place when i ' m done tonight . ''
it 's nice to have a place where i do n't have to worry . ''
i wonder what mer 's gon na do with her mom 's place ?
after the movie , we went back to my place and watched tv all evening .
` ` i ' m taking you to my place , '' i reply and tip my forehead down onto hers .
` ` i want you guys to come back to my place tonight for dinner and to chat .
` ` my mom is having dinner at her place tonight at around six .
` ` you always look beautiful , but we have time to swing by your place for a while . ''
we can live at your place while i work on it . ''
` ` she came to my place one night when you were working late . ''
this place is bigger than my mother 's old house .
the drive is quick , and before i know it , i ' m at her place .
i 'll meet you back at your place later this afternoon ? ''
` ` they did n't just say , ' hey , baby , wan na go to dinner and then go to my place and fuck like rabbits ? ' ''
* * * i drove all the way home and paced around my office for an hour before leaving again , plugging alecia 's address into the gps and heading toward her place , making a stop on the way .
` ` i ' m on my way to her place . ''
i knew when i bought my condo that i had to be on the water , and i scrimped and saved until i could afford my place .
` ` i ' m a smart ass who 's almost to your place . ''
` ` blake and i went for a run , and then he talked me into going to your place . ''
` ` and then you pissed me off so bad with your insane accusation that the reason i was going to come to your place completely left my brain . ''
he 's given me a place to belong .
a place that would swallow you up and accept you no matter what .
her legs start swinging again and i know how easy it would be to stay in this place and forget everything that 's happened .
margot 's staying at her place on the off chance that sunshine heads back this way .
not to mention , the place was breezy , had big rooms , lots of windows , a wraparound veranda , a fabulous kitchen , a sunken jacuzzi bath in the master , a shower built for two , it was off the beaten path and had a private beach .
he entered the cabin and could see exactly why she 'd prefer this place to any other .
she knew this because another of sonia 's neighbors had broken one leg and the other ankle falling off the ladder while fixing christmas lights to his house and he 'd still rented a wheelchair and wheeled himself to her place for her party .
the other being that he loved it there and it was the only place that was theirs not to mention she thought she was in a dream when she was back .
a place where he built the best christmas she 'd had in decades only to end it by nonchalantly blowing down his own house of cards .
even when they did , it still would n't fill the space and lucien was seeing to the renting of my place while i was servicing him .
` ` because it 's your house , your place and my seating you there was my way of telling them they should respect you in it .
` ` she at your place ? ''
just scraped off my douchebag of a husband so i need to crash at her place . ''
heard you were here , which means your place is empty , so i ' m gon na crash there .
therefore , he made a move to the stairs just as frankie replied , ` ` first , you think of askin ' to crash at my place ? ''
` ` got no place to go , sis .
he aimed his eyes at the tv but said , ` ` you wan na wear somethin ' nice for vi and her girls , i 'll take you to your place in the morning . ''
i 'd moved into that place six months after vinnie died , leaving the semi - deluxe condo vinnie put us in when he started to make decent money with sal .
sal told me he 'd cover the rent on my old place , but i said no because i thought that was weird .
the real reason i left the condo was because i could n't be in our place anymore .
now , it was almost back to that , seeing as it was weird walking into my place because i had n't been there in weeks .
` ` it does n't go with my outfit and i did n't think to grab one when i was at my place . ''
you do n't show at my place tonight , you commit to that future 'cause there 's no goin ' back . ''
he was silent a second , maybe letting that sink in , before he asked , ` ` you got a guesstimate when you 're gon na be at my place ? ''
` ` with the way my day is planned , maybe i should come to the restaurant , get the keys , go to your place , and see you when you 're off . ''
tell me about your new place .
after that , i told him about my job , my new place , and listened to him talk about his family .
he did this looking around , and we were on the curvy path that led to my place when he looked down at me and noted , ` ` this place is the shit , babe . ''
he did this looking around , and we were on the curvy path that led to my place when he looked down at me and noted , ` ` this place is the shit , babe . ''
he ignored that threat and went on , ` ` your place is the shit . ''
but after that , i just talked with my boss , and he said he could n't see why i could occasionally work from my place in brownsburg but could n't work from your house in chicago . ''
while i worked , he putzed the days away at my place and hung with cal , who was living in a house with his woman this close to having his baby , plus three females who were planning a wedding .
dinners at their place , dinners at mine , dinners at frank 's restaurant in town .
there were pots filled with thriving flowers and greenery all over the place .
one of the scientists ' assistants is going on maternity leave and miranda is going to take over for her while she 's gone until they can find her a new place to be .
during one of the many times i went over to cal and violet 's place to drink wine , shoot the shit , and be a casual observer while vi , kate , and keira discussed wedding plans , vi had shown me brochures .
i was a couple of minutes late but had texted benny when i left my place , then proceeded to drive like a crazy lady to get there on time so i was n't more late than my ill - advised side trip and crazier - than - normal friday traffic threatened i would be .
since vi had shared during one of my shooting - the - shit times at her place , i knew that cal wanted his band on her finger and he wanted that done yesterday .
` ` i ' m not makin ' a guestroom on the off chance vi and cal come up and need a place to crash .
i 'll be at your place around the time you 'll be at your place and i 'll explain everything when i see you . ''
i 'll be at your place around the time you 'll be at your place and i 'll explain everything when i see you . ''
* * * * * ben had just let himself into frankie 's place , minimized the devastation gus could make by putting him in her guestroom , got a beer and was taking a tug , when he dropped his chin and the bottle and caught sight through her living room window of her z sliding into her parking space .
this was because benny was at my place and i wanted to be with benny .
` ` he called me , looking for a place to crash .
having his own place , a place where people went to have good times , he knew that feeling .
and it was this because he had to drive to the entrance of the development and navigate the streets inside it to get to his place .
after her dad moved out of their old place and bought this house , he made certain sure she had the room she wanted .
a place that used to be his place .
i got my period , my hormones were all over the place and my sister was a complete and total bitch who seemed to exist to make my life a misery and some of that time she was n't even around anymore because she was at college .
but i looked at a f**kload of houses when i was trying to find a place for me , no and reesee that would feel like home .
` ` suspicious this time would include the fact that she has n't spoken to me in i do n't know how long but offered to meet me at her complex and show me her new place . ''
so i wake up in the night , scan the feel of my place and if i feel like it , i get up and walk through .
or , at least , rent my place out so it is n't sitting there costing me money and go back once fin is settled and hopefully rhonda is sorted and lastly debbie is out of the way .
in fact , the schedule normally was that rees came over to study with fin after school then when mike came home , we all went to his place to eat dinner and hang .
` ` i miss jerra , hunter , their kids , my place , schub 's , my gallery , a lot of stuff . ''
they do n't have as much at my place . ''
they want their stuff , they can take it with them to your place . ''
` ` roc - '' she cut him off , explaining quickly , ` ` okay , so , i had to leave your place early because i needed to get my car to the mechanics before school .
so sweet , layne had seen them on the internet when he was looking for a place prior to moving home and he 'd considered it .
they were supposed to be at her old place at ten .
we got ta do something at her old place .
i thought she was meeting me at my place but she did n't show .
she 's not at her place either .
his text back , ` ` my place .
he turned and surveyed his house from the kitchen thinking he was beginning to like the place .
layne tagged the file and walked into his office , hitting the power button on his computer as he picked up the phone to call the station and tell them a crotchety old man was going to stroll in like he owned the place and take a shower and their best play was to let him .
she 'd come to his place wednesday night with enough grocery bags in her car to feed twelve for thanksgiving dinner .
clearly , rocky had gotten ready at his place , standing at his basin doing her makeup and hair .
` ` paige and seth cosgrove need a place to stay . ''
` ` so , except for the one i married 'cause i got her pregnant , none of them even so much as had a toothbrush at my place . ''
` ` i was seeing melody for four years and she tried to leave at least three toothbrushes , a box of tampons and pair of underwear at my place .
` ` the boys wo n't be at your place , you told me you have to work late and then you 're staking out gaines 's car so you wo n't be there and as much as i like devin , without you and jasper and tripp running interference , i do n't know if i could take a night of mostly full on vera while waiting for you to come home . ''
i 'll come over when i ' m done and spend the night at your place tonight . ''
` ` if they f**ked the security at gaines 's place like they f**ked the security at roc 's place , they sensored the windows on his balcony , not the doors . ''
` ` take the two minutes you got while we drive back to your place to shut down that attitude .
the two times i was at your place , you told me to get home to my boys . ''
after he 'd kissed her at her place , he 'd rendez voused with ryker who was waiting by layne 's truck .
` ` no , i thought i 'd make you dinner at my place and you can stay the night with me . ''
get a snack , sweetcheeks , we 're havin ' pizza and beer at your place after . ''
` ` be at your place at seven , '' layne said to rocky .
rocky had been stewing the meat all day , anxious about giselle and turning her mind to cooking rather than worrying so she 'd put it on that morning before she headed over to his place .
` ` where are they , our place or your mom 's ? ''
they also had built on back decks ( our place did too , again along the back of the house ) or above ground pools or playsets .
they took care of their place , built on the extension in the back , put in the deck , updated the bathroom and kitchen , installed the alarm .
` ` at my place , buddy , the walls are paper thin .
` ` got the kids this week , but they 're all over the place all the time so i could take you to frank 's one night this week . ''
he knew it because when nadia got dropped at his place , vi , kate and keira were saying good - bye to sam and melissa in their front drive .
he just got in his truck and drove nadia to her place .
i 'd even spent the night at his place when both of the girls were at a sleepover and his kids were with audrey .
` ` hart has her at his place .
i did n't want the ice cream to melt - '' cal interrupted him , ` ` so it 's half a mile up from your old place , you mean north ? ''
we also bought bright , braided throw rugs , new linen and bathroom and kitchen towels to perk up the place .
my dad walking in , taking in alec , his bloodied face , his knuckles torn , bleeding and swollen , the way he held his body like if he moved it would be torture and saying , ` ` police are going to your place , colt , you 're going with me , jackie and the kids to the hospital . ''
` ` i walked to her place and then jessie walked with me to meems 's . ''
he had n't taken her out in months , did n't spend the night at her place , did n't ask her to his , did n't call , barely touched her anymore , had n't f**ked her in that long and only slept with her the night before puck died because she 'd already been asleep in his bed when he got home .
colt knew morrie took her to her place to pack and move to morrie 's , colt had checked in .
up came meems 's muffin and the coffee i had at her place .
he wants to know when we 're gon na be at his place . ''
and even though i did n't like it , hearing the profile , there was no denying colt 's place , with him on his couch , his gun close and him knowing how to use it , was the safest place for me .
the place was n't a bachelor pad by a long shot but it did n't have flowered wallpaper or wreathes made of twigs or little angel figurines ( all of which i imagined where the way melanie would decorate her and colt 's house ) .
years ago not much went down , speeding tickets , kids joyriding , a party at someone 's place that got too rowdy , a fight at jandj 's .
he 'd never been to her place but he knew where it was .
they stopped in the grass at the front of feb 's place .
colt had n't had time that day to stop by amy 's place , call doc 's to see if amy came in or go to the bank to talk to julie mccall , but he scratched it on his mental schedule to do first thing tomorrow .
and i did n't want to go to my place to find out .
` ` dad , can you go by my place after the frittata and pick up my yoga mat ? ''
` ` place felt weird , silent , her car outside , she had to be there .
is it okay if dad or morrie take me to my place to pick up more ? ''
colt led cheryl to a table at the window not wanting her near feb 's place or the scratches that declared it so .
he 's movin ' back in and jackie and me are movin ' to his place for awhile . ''
i was in the den , my yoga mat down the length of the pool table , one of the scented candles that i brought over from my place burning and i had norah jones playing .
get my prescriptions there , '' sean said , ` ` at his place .
` ` when do you go to your friends ' place ? ''
` ` he , con and amber would go over to your place a lot after school .
she 'd also made him smile , relaxing more and more as the dinner went on and sharing about places she 'd gone , things she 'd done and the people she knew and worked with .
we were livin ' in a two - bedroom apartment close to the wharf and that place was n't good normally , but it smelled like dead fish depending on which way the wind was blowin ' .
` ` place was a shithole .
so see you at your place at four ? ''
` ` makes what lydie did for me and my family even better , knowing she made it so i could give my boy a place to train .
a place that 'll be his one day if he wants it . ''
then i was gon na go hang with you at your place .
he watched her eyes flash , read that too , wished he could give it to her and went on , ` ` tell you i ' m makin ' you breakfast , puttin ' your ass in my truck , gettin ' your car , gettin ' it home and then takin ' you to my place so we can spend the day there with my kids watchin ' football , definitely . ''
` ` he gon na show again at your place , '' he explained .
when i picked ethan up from alyssa 's , jake said i should stay for dinner at his place since i was going with him to the club after .
` ` so , instead of josie bein ' around our place more , we should come here more .
` ` that 's outta the way , she 's dancin ' around shit and i ' m guessin ' that you and your kids got a place seein ' as you live here but you 're in her house .
that house means a lot to her , i ' m not lettin ' her alone in it or takin ' her away from it to keep her at my place when he 's out there and i do n't know what he 's up to .
see your girl 's girl , she shows at your place , all tricked out and i mean tricked out , lookin ' good like she wants someone 's attention .
you text when jake 's done , drop eath and bry at our place so you can get laid .
but get him and his bud in the car , dump them on alyssa and meet me at your place .
the architect had designed a garage that would fit perfectly with the house , not altering the look too much , not altering the feel of the place at all , and it would allow them to enter through the pantry .
then , slowly , i looked around the filthy house which was only slightly less cold than the outside and nowhere near as grand as the place i 'd started this adventure .
see , i dug it that this was her place , i totally got that , but these were my girls .
she was taking the money pop had given her , i had given her and the boys had collected for her ( with a little training , she 'd taken over the office for me while i was gone , she was good at it and the place was not the mess i 'd worried it would be ) and she was going to new orleans .
` ` you have a lovely place here . ''
did he live at my place ?
phoebe , my best friend in and out of the office ( therefore she had a key to my apartment ) came to my place ?
we were waiting for brianna and her friend to show at the same time we were waiting for phoebe , who was hanging at my place , having volunteered to hand noc his packed suitcase personally and see if she could pump him for information .
freaked me out , did n't know your game , did n't expect to be at your place with my badge but you jumped me and i had no choice but to roll with it .
she was watching my place when i was - '' ` ` jesus , '' he cut me off , his brows going up , ` ` seriously ? ''
and looking around my place , is it anything at all like it was when she was here ? ''
annoyed , seeing as it was the dead of night , he was naked , had not long before sent the beniessienne whore to her own bed and he 'd already told the witch his plans ( and these were not the plans he 'd shared with her , hence the whore who had left ) , and last , he was in fleuridia to collect his children from boarding school so he could put them in a safe place before darkness settled on the land , he straightened , doing so speaking .
apollo was not pol , but it was n't easy getting places here and it was n't like this village was around the corner and she could just hop in a sleigh , come here for tea and be back for dinner .
i stood on the steps of our country house in fleuridia , the first place i 'd known in this world , and waved as the carriage rolled away , apollo riding at its side .
` ` i 'll be at your place at seven , '' he repeated .
` ` because , if you do , you 're cooking for me tonight at my place , '' he replied .
if you 're at my place , they 're going to think we 're together .
she forced it back and said , ` ` i thought we were going to your place . ''
he turned away and started to move forward but she stayed where she was and declared , ` ` i 'd prefer to stay at your place . ''
but as she heard cash approach , she looked around and it seemed like she was both being way too familiar in adding anything to his house when this was not her place and that she looked like she was trying to strike a mood .
this house is the only place i can still be with them .
cash 's place was gorgeous but now it did n't look just show - home gorgeous , it looked home - home gorgeous .
surely the children would be up early and she had a lot of cooking to do as she had invited mr . and mrs . k , ronnie and nick to christmas dinner ( carter had gone to his daughter 's place in devon for the holiday ) .
it 's the only place i ' ve ever been truly happy and at peace . ''
sibyl looked around the place for the first time .
` ` this is n't your place , this is my place , '' she informed him hotly .
` ` this is n't your place , this is my place , '' she informed him hotly .
heard word he was talking about a friend of his who showed up at his place friday night , arm busted . ''
` ` i know this is going to sound , erm ... mad ... '' prentice thought most everything annie came up with was mad but he watched her mutely and she went on , ` ` but , do you mind taking bella to dad 's place later ?
when fiona and her ex - boyfriend scott had come ' round to prentice 's mum 's place to see her , bella had been lounging on the couch , nestled in prentice 's arms .
i 'll be at your place at eleven o'clock ? ''
` ` i own my place .
they 'd showered at her place ( as in , together , which she 'd never done with a man and it was nice ) .
gram had died six years ago and it had taken me that long to make the place , which had been stuffed full of all her and gramps ' crap ( and there was a lot of it ) , my own .
lee would be at my place soon and i did n't have a lot of time .
i was running out of clothes at lee 's place so i dumped the contents of my ever - ready , rarely - used workout bag and shoved items in just in case my stay there lasted longer .
` ` i was running out of stuff at your place so i packed more provisions . ''
` ` would you mind if i crashed at your place tonight ? ''
` ` do n't you have a place ? ''
` ` i ca n't go to my place , '' i told him .
` ` does n't your boyfriend have a place ? ''
since it was n't safe to go home ( because , by now , vance likely had the whole place wired direct to command headquarters ) , i bought myself a new outfit for girl 's night out , including underwear and makeup .
they 'll rent your place , make sure it 's a good tenant and maintain it for a fee .
` ` why do i have to move into your place , why do n't you move into mine ? ''
` ` we 'll put my shit in storage and i 'll move to your place .
when he pulled himself together he said , ` ` we 'll move to your place .
i need a place to crash for a couple of nights . ''
` ` i ' m not living in the same place , '' i told him .
it was n't just giving dad cash and a place to crash every time he rol ed into town .
you 're comin ' to my place . ''
` ` we'l stop by my place on the way .
` ` you do n't stay at my place , then i ' m stayin ' at yours . ''
chapter eleven dinner at my place ` ` i'l get it ! ''
i do n't want to see your sorry ass anywhere near my place again .
trixie took off , i packed and eddie and i went to his place .
` ` then we have to move to my place . ''
` ` last time i stayed the night at your place , your mom knocked on the door when my hands were in your pants .
we 're not movin ' to your place and your mom is n't movin ' to mine . ''
` ` tod says to meet at his place . ''
then he said , ` ` when you 're done , you 're comin ' to my place . ''
* * * * * he took me to his place , helped me undress and stepped into the shower with me .
daisy took off the minute we got to fortnum 's and i found out from indy that mom , tex and lottie were at our place for mom 's pt , then they were going to hit the el camino to cruise neighborhoods looking at apartments .
` ` i slipped a tracking device in your jeans today at the hospital and vance told lottie the plan at eddie 's place .
let 's watch it at my place . ''
` ` you want to have this talk out here in the street or do you want to do it at my place ? ''
at least until your sister found a place to stay . ''
` ` then you are moving in until you can afford your own place . ''
then , i'l pick my stuff up from your place and if you and jason can come with me to the loft , just to make sure it 's safe , i'l close it up .
` ` wel , we went by your place and it was kind of trashed . ''
then , he told me he knew my place was trashed , mace had told him at lincoln 's road house .
when he found his place , it was a total dump .
` ` you can take it to my place , '' hank told her .
` ` we need to go back to your place , '' i told him .
lee and indy have got a key to my place .
` ` did you like , move this place stone - for - stone from england or something ? ''
` ` see you at our place . ''
chapter twenty - nine our place i walked into fortnum 's and everyone was there .
` ` hank said he 'd see me at our place .
` ` did you guys move my stuff to your place ? ''
stubborn to the last i replied , ` ` we'l go to your place , get my stuff and go to tex 's . ''
nick had put in a new bathroom for me and i 'd carpeted the whole place in a thick , soft gray .
there was a manager who ran the place and raised the money to keep it going , two full - time social workers , myself included , and one half - time tutor .
` ` your place , six thirty , '' he said , his eyes serious .
the place was cleaned up and tidy .
chapter eleven we sleepin ' at your place or mine ?
` ` we sleepin ' at your place or mine ? ''
` ` i ' m sleeping at my place , '' i informed him .
i want you at my place tonight . ''
i also wanted him to ` ` want '' me at his place .
you do n't have to use 'em but they ai n't goin ' nowhere at my place .
they used to do security but now only watched fortnum 's and recently my place .
as he did last night , luke walked straight up to the house like he owned the place .
vance crashing at my place and using my shower and making us dinner .
` ` vance asked me to leave my lotion and stuff at his place this morning . ''
` ` zip , i just doubled up on toiletries because vance told me to leave mine at his place .
` ` could swing by your place , pick up the tear gas , '' tex suggested .
` ` meet you at your place at six . ''
` ` are you coming back to my place when you 're done ? ''
` ` i 'll come to your place when i ' m done with this . ''
i figured i could wait to tell him about hector breaking into law 's place until vance got upstairs .
i also told him , considering his job meant he always needed to be rested and alert , that he should stay at my place .
vance took me to his place , driving a new , black , gmc sierra that ally told me that indy told her that lee told her that vance bought because he did n't want me riding around in his rickety old truck and i was certainly in no shape to ride on the harley .
we had christmas dinner at my place because i had a better dining room table .
` ` you 're staying at my place while i find out what the f**k is goin ' on . ''
he parked , pulled up the brake and turned off the car while i processed this information , coming to the conclusion i did not want to be at luke 's place while he found out what was going on .
it was obviously occupied by a man , there were clothes all over the place , magazines and opened mail in disarray on every surface and dishes in the sink .
i told him about sissy 's place .
the place was a mess , the front window and door were boarded , debris everywhere .
and lastly , jules doubling up on toiletries in about ten days between her place and vance 's place ( she was still doubled up as they had her place in the city and his cabin in the mountains ) .
and lastly , jules doubling up on toiletries in about ten days between her place and vance 's place ( she was still doubled up as they had her place in the city and his cabin in the mountains ) .
and lastly , jules doubling up on toiletries in about ten days between her place and vance 's place ( she was still doubled up as they had her place in the city and his cabin in the mountains ) .
we went to his place , dumped my stuff , i unpacked my toiletries in the bathroom , changed out of my torn blouse and cleaned up .
` ` that i ' ve got some troubles , you 're helping me sort them out and i ' m staying at your place until it 's sorted .
second , because she 'll wonder what you 're still doin ' at my place when it 's all over .
i 'll pick you up at your place .
she picked me up in her lincoln navigator ( seriously , lee had to pay his employees well if his receptionist had a navigator ) and took me to my place .
i spent the afternoon at his place , alone , and took a nap .
you can water your plants and we 'll sleep at your place . ''
after wall sex , as promised , we got dressed and luke took me to my place .
this freaked me out since we were going to my place so i could water plants that i did n't own .
and i need to go to your place and get my stuff . ''
` ` leave your stuff at my place , you can go there to unpack but leave it . ''
we trekked back to my place , i dug out my address book and called all of noah 's friends ( there were two ) , but neither of them had the same phone numbers .
` ` are you hunting all night or are you coming to my place ? ''
she 's heading to your place now . ''
` ` the hotel if they are , your place if they 're not . ''
` ` if we stay here or at my place , we ca n't play our , um ...
i demanded when he arrived at my place in the dead of night , woke me up and told me he found sissy but did n't have her .
second up , just as he promised , we had stayed at my place until the blinds were put in at the loft then we moved to his .
luke had my furniture moved into storage and had an agency rent out my place .
the plan was we 'd keep both properties , if we decided to move to my place later , we 'd still have it to move to .
* * * * * i drove my old , beat - up , dirty , fading red ford van by buzz 's place but no one was home .
` ` i ' ve been thinkin ' and i decided we should stay at your place .
mace grabbed the workout bag he 'd packed with his clothes and a bunch of shit he took from stel a 's place when he let vance in to start instal ing the cameras ( he 'd never given back her key , she 'd never asked for its return ) and he went straight to stel a .
we only stayed at his place a few times .
he walked in my place , i heard some weird beeping then i heard him doing a walkthrough of the house and final y he cal ed juno and me in .
and , just like last night , when we were at my place , even if he was doing something , on a phone cal , reading a book , if i started to play he 'd always stop and watch and , i knew , he 'd listen and i knew further , he liked it .
we could pack the place at top dol ar on the door with lines down the sidewalks waiting to get in and tonight was no exception .
mace referring to my place as ` ` home '' caused that panicky feeling to emerge again , right along with the thril .
stella the minute we got back to my place , mace took juno out for a bathroom break .
` ` we'l talk at your place , now get in the car . ''
earlier , i had thought for a brief moment to ask hector to take me to his place but hector had to work with mace .
even though they 're lookin ' to put money down on a house , jules has got some huge account that 's supposed to be her uncle nick 's but he 's demandin ' she put it down when they find a place .
we were both buckled up and heading to my place when he spoke .
it was another battle in my war with the demons , making him feel welcome , settled and at home at my place ( okay , so maybe it was more like a minor skirmish but it was stil something ) .
` ` once this shit is done , i ' ve decided you 're movin ' to my place . ''
this had n't bothered me before since we spent most of our time at my place but it bothered me now .
that was to say , she was doing this in the short - term considering they were already searching for a new place and had arrived at fortnum 's thirty minutes ago after spending the morning viewing three properties .
` ` could you go to my place , get me some clothes , shoes ... um , underwear and bring them to the hospital ? ''
` ` just so you know , my place is a bit of a mess - '' ` ` now , sadie , that i do n't believe .
then buddy called a real estate agent friend of his and put my place on the market .
i would get a new place what they referred to as an indefinite , ` ` later , when you 're ready , '' and i would stay with them in the meantime .
eventually i had to pick up the threads of my life , find my own place and learn to take care of myself again .
` ` why are we at your place ? ''
i could tell them what was going to happen when hector and i got back to his place ( which might be embarrassing ) .
` ` choose now , we shower here or we shower at your place , '' he said , not breaking stride as he pulled me up the stairs .
ralphie and buddy might be at your place , here , you can make all the noise you want . ''
the moment continued when we got to his place , unpacked the groceries and he asked me if i wanted to watch a movie .
` ` you said , ' take me back to ralphie and buddy 's ' then you called my place ' home ' . ''
just before max was born , vance and jules had moved from her small duplex to a three bedroom bungalow with a white picket fence that was four doors down from indy and lee 's place but still only a block away from jules 's uncle nick .
` ` i get done before you leave , i 'll come get you , we 'll sleep at my place .
you got a problem with getting in a taxi with me , comin ' to my place , letting me take your clothes off and then letting me do a shitload of other things to that beautiful body ? ''
* * * * * i sat in my mustang outside ren 's place , staring at his door .
with the promise of a six - pack of red bull , a bottle of vodka and an entire afternoon of me at his place playing some game on his ps3 ( this , a sacrifice for me ; i rocked guitar hero , the rest of it i could take it or leave it - usually leave it ) , i 'd talked my computer genius friend brody into digging into this chick .
i wanted inside her place to see for myself .
this suggests to me that we ca n't get enough of each other , and since you haul your ass to my place most of the time , you ca n't deny that . ''
we also talked while i ate the breakfasts ren cooked for me ( his place ) or he ate the toast i toasted for him ( my place ) before we both tackled our days .
we also talked while i ate the breakfasts ren cooked for me ( his place ) or he ate the toast i toasted for him ( my place ) before we both tackled our days .
` ` yeah , you came over to my place in the middle of the night and made that perfectly clear , '' i reminded him .
` ` we go up , you pack enough to stay at my place awhile , but you make sure you got a variety of dresses and heels , '' he ordered and i bit back a smart mouth retort at him being bossy .
when we left my place , the entirety of the hot bunch were milling about with police and firefighters .
` ` my place , '' he answered .
this was a lie since i called when i was already at his place .
but we did text and even call to sort things like his place or mine or tell each other we were on our way .
` ` i ended things with ren and i need a place to stay , '' i announced and ignored her sharp gasp .
she already sent your bags back to my place . ''
` ` whenever i suggest we grill something to lee , he says we should go to a steak joint or invite ourselves over to your place , '' indy said to roxie .
thanks to indy 's intervention , i was able to leave a message at his place .
* * * * * i opened the door to ren 's place and smelled garlic .
then when brody told me it was jane , indy pukin ' in the bathroom , us having viewings to get a bigger place to prepare for our family , i did n't have it in me to get pissed .
i 'd give her money , find her a place to live , make sure she finished school .
i do n't freaking care if the world is ending and the only place that 's safe is seaside , oregon .
` ` i have a place to stay . ''
i ca n't go back into my house and i really , really need a place to stay . ''
i ' ve been thinking about you all day and i ca n't wait to see what you think about this new place . ''
i mean , they had n't even lived in their new place yet .
priscilla s : no , we stayed at the bonfire for about two hours then went back to his place .
` ` bring your stuff over to my place . ''
stay with me , while i sleep on the floor guarding your virtue from my brother if he decides to track you down , or i ' m crashing at your place .
` ` your place does n't have crazy people coming in and out all hours of the night to talk about their feelings with my mom , so i choose yours . ''
i 'd just been discharged from the hospital , and she was driving me to my penthouse , the one place i 'd let her see that was n't owned by good ol ' dad , though he 'd paid up - the - ass for it to keep his dirty little secret happy .
` ` i mean , my place has been broken into , the hate mail ...
` ` i left it at my place , but i can always stop by tonight and go over them with you .
my body was still shaking by the time i pulled up in front of my place .
he stumbled against wes again , his words slurring all over the place .
the home reminded me a lot of the place where eric had lived when he was small .
` ` do n't you have some place to be ? ''
the only place i knew i could go that was actually safe belonged to my family .
but still - she could imagine a day when they would all hang out at her place , and her father would maybe be in ` ` kind of cool dad '' mode instead of ` ` annoying oversensitive dad '' mode .
that means she can rip the place apart .
this is the last party i ever have at her place , i swear to god . ''
for a moment , elizabeth saw it as a human would have seen it , were they free of her glamours : a derelict place , furnished with only a few threadbare chairs and a sofa that had not been sat in for decades and probably would no longer bear weight .
` ` we - we should go - to my place , '' mateo managed to say .
but the minute i see it , i think that i ' ve never seen any place that looked less like home .
so josie and i had the place to ourselves .
remember - no matter how impressive all this looks , your parents are still the biggest thing that ever happened to this place . ''
he seemed proud of the fact that it mirrored the structure of their inpatient place , complete with a little meditative zen garden in the center .
` ` what did you do at your place today ? ''
having the freedom of my own place allowed me to get the hell out of my parents ' clutches .
` ` i thought your parents ' place was on the other side of rosemary beach . ''
i ' m saving up to get my own place as soon as i graduate . ''
london was in rosemary beach at her parents ' place for the next month , so i figured why the hell not - i asked her out to dinner .
he 's tall , extremely good - looking , great smile , knows you like the chicken fettuccine alfredo at gambino 's , and intends to have that and a glass of white wine waiting for you when you get to his place .
as i cleaned my apartment , i made a note of things i needed to get to make the place look better .
this must be the bitch 's way of getting me back for staying at her place .
` ` yeah , you ... you left it at my place before you ... well , before everything happened . ''
` ` why did i want to take a shower at your place ? ''
cassia lays her head on my chest as i carry her up the stairs and into the house , a place she 's only ever seen on the television screen in her room since the night i first brought her here .
or rather to pretty much own the place as far as the kids went .
` ` i have n't seen this place this clean since i moved in , and i sure as hell did n't clean it . ''
` ` i kind of asked mitchell to meet up with her somewhere other than my place . ''
` ` look , if you wo n't at least try to get some help , or get off that shit completely - drop it cold turkey if you 're not addicted - then i ' m sorry , man , but you 're gon na have to find another place to live . ''
` ` well , we could give you a ride back to your place , '' elias offered .
` ` well , you two can crash at my place tonight if you want , '' anthony offered .
` ` as long as you do n't need a u - haul to move it , you can keep it at my place . ''
by now , i was n't feelin ' it anymore , hanging out at his place .
homeless or stranded with no other place to go .
` ` i love liam and all , but i look forward to having this place to myself . ''
it could be the female never used the kitchen , preferring to eat out , or at her lover 's place .
but his gut was telling him that she had n't lived here long enough to stop caring if the place was a mess .
` ` if the place is n't up to their code then i ' m stuck with them until they get it cleaned to their satisfaction . ''
` ` first i ' m going to need a place to stay while we work on my lessons . ''
` ` obviously not if some lunatic has managed to wander around your place without getting caught , '' he growled .
` ` victor , since my parents ' death i have sought a place to call home . ''
although there had been a few pathetic attempts to slap paint on the walls and cover the threadbare carpets with throw rugs , the only thing that could improve the place was a bulldozer .
to be surrounded by her loved ones in a place she could truly call home ?
a place to truly belong .
her only concern was ... was ... finding a place to sleep before the humans began filling the streets .
a place that had gone past charming , straight to rustic .
regan had quite literally stumbled across the joint when she 'd been on the search for a place to live , and before she knew it , she 'd rented one of the retro - shabby apartments above the pub and was working as a dishwasher to supplement the money that darcy had adamantly insisted she take before leaving the mansion .
hell , she would give anything to find a place where she could hide away with her child in absolute peace .
he was a pariah with no place to go and no one he could turn to for help .
still it was only when he was certain that he 'd made the place as safe as possible that he climbed the narrow stairs and crossed the wood - planked floor to the bed covered by a handstitched quilt .
` ` and i went to the commission to discover if there was a place where we could be separated from the violence of this world . ''
she 'd been so alone for so long , always secretly dreaming she would find a place to call home .
get a job , my own place , try to carve out a life of my own .
` ` i can probably sneak out and use the back alley to your place . ''
it sounded much better than being at my tutor 's place all day ( in those days , i was tutored ; it was just a few years before we discovered i could get a good education online ) , so i agreed .
this place was bigger than my room at home , and i knew it was going to look sparse when i was done .
however , it was my place and the very thought of that sent chills down my spine .
it felt garish to live in such a place when the family of four was squashed together in one room .
upon reaching my bedroom , i found one of the human slaves inside , tidying the place up for my expected arrival .
i kept telling myself that he had a lot on his plate , that he was the king of the island and was responsible for keeping the whole place together .
i looked after her like i promised my father that i would , but in a place like the shade , life was too fragile .
a home , a family , a safe place for our kids to grow up in ?
we need to find a new place to stay on a different coast as soon as possible . ''
i looked around the place briefly ; there was a double bedroom with en suite bathroom , a kitchen area and a cozy sitting room .
` ` they 're still at my place .
i simply seek shelter , a place i can live without my life being at risk . ''
i could get used to living in a place like this .
maybe i would find an alternative place to stay in the coming weeks , but i had nothing of the sort yet .
we 're talking about a seventeen - year - old who left home at fifteen , got a job , and found a place to stay .
party central at my place .
nikki asks , ` ` you do n't think he 's just giving you some time to yourself after getting sick at his place ?
twitch asked me to meet him at my place when i was done with work .
driving lexi back to her place , i know we have to talk about what happened .
i have a place where i can do my work , i have good company ( when ling is n't around ) , and most of the time , it 's just me and twitch hiding away in his bedroom .
got a job , going to school , earning some cash , and doing that all while looking for a place to stay when you turn eighteen . ''
unfortunately , after spending a week at his place and only stopping home to check mail , it was n't on my mind .
you 're at my place tonight , by the way . ''
` ` i really do n't know how you can stand to live in a place like this , '' she murmured as she walked into his room .
heck , she did n't even want to say good night to him in a few minutes when they got back to her dorm ... not when it would be the easiest thing in the world to let him take her back to his place so that she could spend the entire night in his arms .
` ` i 'd better go , '' he finally said , ` ` before i ca n't stop myself from dragging you back to my place .
the plan was to grab some of her books from her room so that they could study back at his place .
` ` this building will be shut by then , '' he continued as if her agreement was a given , ` ` so why do n't you come to my place ? ''
` ` sorry the place is a mess - we 're getting ready to head back to seattle tomorrow morning , but we could n't leave without having a big sullivan family get - together first . ''
no doubt about it , she thought with a grin as she walked into the spectacular house , if she had ten million dollars lying around collecting dust , she would definitely buy a place like this for herself .
of course , ford had to get on the bed , cross his hands beneath his head on the pillow , and settle in as if he 'd already bought the place .
five years ago , when his fans had begun to multiply outside his hotel room , they 'd decided it would be easier to disappear for a night to her place .
i asked robert to take us to your place so you 'd be able to leave when you needed to . ''
` ` do you want to hide out at my place while i go get it so you do n't create mass hysteria on the street ? ''
he could still feel her bristling as he paid for their pizza , then hailed a cab to take them to his place .
but she could never forgive herself for stealing him away from the place where he truly belonged .
just like the other women in her village , mary knew her girlfriends would have a handful of children by their mid - twenties ... and they would stay in the same place their whole lives .
besides , at this point she desperately needed a cool and breezy walk back to her place to help clear her mind , a walk that was long enough for her to systematically rewind through each of the reasons why getting involved with jack now - when their promotional campaign had barely begun - was a bad idea .
between the meal and ian 's fort made out of the cushions on his couch , his place was a mess .
mary took both her coat and his from him and hung them up before turning back and saying , ` ` we have the place entirely to ourselves . ''
` ` i think we should go back to your place now . ''
` ` okay , you ' ve sold me on a vacation , '' he told his already gloating sister , ` ` but i can rent a place . ''
you must be dying to get inside your place .
` ` it 's good to see that your place looks just like it used to . ''
` ` and thanks for giving me a place to stay .
` ` she offered to let me stay with her until i fix up my place enough to move into it .
thank god it was sure to be a long , exhausting day getting started on cleaning up his place .
` ` you 're already giving me a place to stay .
brooke had just singlehandedly turned what would have been a shitty day into a good one not only by offering him a place to stay and pitching in on cleanup , but by dragging him away from the work , too , to play in the lake .
less than sixty seconds later , the three sullivans were inside their old house , standing under the one flickering light bulb hanging from the ceiling that illuminated what would be the living room once he put the place back together .
throwing himself into working with adam on plans to fix the place up was likely the only way rafe was going to make it through another night apart from brooke without losing it .
or , '' he told her instead of begging her to stay the way he wanted to , ` ` you could use my place . ''
` ` stay here , at my place . ''
` ` you can have the place to yourself . ''
you and brooke are officially- '' ` ` nothing 's official , '' he quickly clarified , ` ` but brooke 's a good friend , and i ' m sure she 'll have no problem with me crashing at her place , especially if she gets to see you and your family . ''
and as soon as you figure out the dates for your vacation , consider my place yours . ''
but with a new bed , a clean bathroom , and a decked - out kitchen , he could move into his own place now .
` ` i told my architect i wanted a place i could raise a family in . ''
who knew how much longer she 'd be out driving these farm roads before she found a place to stay for the night ?
and now he was going to have to put her up until she found another place ... or until she gave up on her ridiculous farmhand dream .
of course , the second they walked into the backyard , every eye in the place turned to them - the babies and animals sensing something big was up , too - and grayson was glad for those stressful years on wall street where he 'd learned not to let anyone see him sweat , no matter how bad the pressure .
the same scene had played out hundreds of times over the past fifteen years , and the truth was that if he 'd still been in his twenties , smith would have been more than happy to take his pick of the beauties back to his place for a night , a week , or even longer , if the woman was easy enough to be with .
` ` after all , smith , you were the one who gave marcus and me a place to spend our first night together .
trying to act cool about it , despite the fact that her mouth was all but falling open , she joked , ` ` yup , i 'd say your place is definitely at least a couple of steps up from my motel . ''
` ` prague was the last place i lived . ''
` ` after ryan mentioned you were back in town and working on the fellowship , heather and i went by the fellowship gallery last night and bought a couple of those gorgeous river sculptures for my place .
` ` in all the places i moved to as a kid , your family was the only one that ever took me in and made me feel like i belonged . ''
only , when they 'd gotten in the limo to head back to his place , the madness had gotten worse .
his sisters , lori and sophie , had been itching to redecorate his place for a while , anyway .
chapter twenty - three a short while later she dropped zach off at his place so that he could head for southern california .
and the truth was , mary sullivan 's house had been the only real home he 'd known until he bought his own place with the profits from his irish pubs .
not on the coffee table or the counter , and especially not sitting around in piles on the floor like at her place , tripping her every time she went out to get a midnight snack .
she 'd be okay there , at least , once they 'd found another place to stay and she was ready to get back to her job .
the apartment they were renting until they could find the perfect new place to buy was small enough that she could see into the kitchen as she headed for the master bedroom .
we 're really sad about missing the party , but- '' ` ` he lives really close to your place , '' sophie assured her .
this time , as she turned on various lights to help him find his way through the small rooms , he noticed how comfortable her place was .
and then he 'd say goodbye and go back to his place and not let himself think about her , damn it .
as he handed her back the screwdriver , he said , ` ` your old place must have had a great view . ''
` ` is n't having a view still at the top of the want list for your new place ?
got a flat so he went by her place to fix it for her . ''
he took the steps two at a time up to the door into her apartment building , his long strides quickly putting him in front of her place .
` ` and then we can head over to my place . ''
` ` your place is off limits ? ''
as soon as she confirmed her place was n't an option , he pulled his phone back out and texted something to someone .
marcus could n't keep up with the number of times smith had tried to get their sister to move into his place .
after the text he 'd sent smith a few minutes ago - i need to use your place tonight - marcus knew he 'd be hearing from his brother to get the dirt on why .
otherwise , you would n't be needing my place . ''
he 'd taken her to his brother 's place to help her out of a bad situation , not help her out of her clothes .
i really wanted to see him again before i left , to thank him properly for giving me a place to stay this week . ''
unlike peter , he was dressed as she was , in blue jeans and a work shirt , but with the command he held himself , he could have been wearing a dishrag and he 'd have looked like he owned the place .
the place was more home than the mansion she lived in .
knew it was high time they moved out but she was too busy training to go look for a place of her own and she knew peter thrived on all the amenities available to him at the mansion .
marveled , noting that someone had taken great care to keep the place up .
in the tender morning light , it was a needlepoint sampler , all that was good and cozy , and autumn made the place seem even more inviting .
seeing the duffels , she remembered that she still needed to find a place to stay .
between the estrangement with her father , regina 's rigid formality and peter 's contentiousness , the place was n't a refuge for her no matter how bucolic it looked from the outside .
i ' m only staying here until i can find a place of my own . ''
` ` you ' ve been going to bingo for close to ten years now and you ' ve always eaten at my place . ''
best guess was that the person had died within , say , four to six weeks - long enough so that the family had cleaned up the accounts payable issues , but before they emptied the place out to put it on the market .
as he cranked the faucet to make it seem like he was doing something other than trying not to be a pu**y , he sagged into the modest strength of his arms , attempting to shed the conviction that where he 'd been in that dream was in fact not a place he 'd actually been to .
` ` i 'll let you know if i ' m staying the night at his place , okay ? ''
doing a three - sixty with his eyes , he double - checked that there was no one around , making sure that dog and the englishman had n't decided to magically reappear- at that moment , a sedan turned in off the main road and traveled at a slow pace right to the driveway of mels 's place .
the second had shown up at jim 's place at that garage .
boy , her sister would love this place , the furniture all a mystery because it was shrouded , the faded oriental rug big as a lawn , the dark wood molding carved so deeply it was like a horizontal statue running around the high ceiling .
she 'd cleaned the place out .
the furniture was all antique and very fancy , the place looking like something out of an old english excursion to the middle east .
and that sense had intensified when her parents had called a week later and said that they were bringing home a preacher who needed a place to stay for a month .
` ` yup , this is his place and i ' m his roommate - what can i do you for ? ''
as he looked across the parlor , the extent of the damage they 'd done registered dimly - the place was trashed , great holes in the lineups of the bookshelves , windows broken , drapes shredded .
when he popped open his lids , a subtle blue glow shimmered on the walls , floors , and windows , like the place had been spray - painted .
it had been agony to be separated , and blind , and mute , immobilized in that body - hell , all he 'd been able to do to help was rejuvenate the house , sending energy out to reverse the entropy that had so viciously attacked the place .
all things being equal , he looked like a thief who had broken in and was prepared to trash the place on the hunt for sterling silver , jewelry , and portable electronics .
as he and his soldiers materialized to the communal feeding 's prearranged location , he had anticipated a property that was run - down or mayhap on the verge of condemnation , a place in such financial state that a female would be forced into selling her veins and her sex to stay afloat .
fancy , fancy : in its peaceful slumber , the place looked like a museum , or something that had been photographed for a magazine , everything arranged with such precision that one wondered if rulers had n't been used to arrange the furniture and the objets d'art .
naturally , the most reasonable solution to not giving fritz more to worry about was a quick trip down the hall to his own place , but as blay 's talented hands shot around to the front of qhuinn 's hips and started working his fly , he tossed that bright idea right into the shitter .
he knows you 're here - the keening cry of a woman orgasming vibrated out of the cottage , laying waste to the wholesome appearance of the place .
and you do n't want that , because you 're a drug addict who deals on the side , and if they search your shit , your car , your place , they 're going to find more than just paraphernalia .
it was n't like they 'd kept where they lived a big - ass secret , but staying at the commodore was predicated on the idea that a security guard would n't be stupid enough to let a woman into someone 's place without the permission of the owners .
qhuinn would have preferred that they return to the main house together , but he 'd had to stop by luchas 's room , and blay had been anxious to get back to his place and shower .
then again , she had visited his place uninvited , had n't she - sola frowned and lifted her eyes .
sola 's grandmother had her head in the sub - zero refrigerator , rather as if she were a gnome looking for a cool place in the summer .
it was also announced to all and sundry , a special banner hung upon the chamber door , a genteel way of stating that unless the place was on fire or someone had an arterial bleed , there was to be no disturbance until one or both parties emerged at some future time .
his visitor was n't due for an hour yet , but he wanted to make sure the place looked lived - in .
unlike his father 's other place in town , this mansion was more fortress than home , its great stone walls rising up from the earth , as indestructible as the mountain they were built on .
wrath - beth overnight = psycho - hose beast better to let him wear himself out trashing the place .
as early as the night before , at their place in nyc , a separation like this would have been unthinkable .
i did n't even know what it was ... until one of those nights , when z took bella down to our place in manhattan and i babysat ?
this was his other place , a frank lloyd wright single - story that he 'd bought the second it had come on the market - because how could he not ?
i have enough money so that i wo n't have to work right away , and i have another place . ''
her miami place was on the fifth floor of an older building , the condo just an unassuming , fifteen - hundred - square - foot space that she 'd bought a couple of years ago for all cash and then decorated out of rooms to go on the cheap .
assail 's place had been so quiet .
on the way back to her place , she let the tears fall one by one without bothering to wipe them off .
so i do n't know if i ' m supposed to go get my stuff , or if i have a place to live , or ... '' frankie pulled me into her chest and wrapped her arms around me , and it was then that i realized i was sobbing .
he mentioned one late night that maybe he could get a bigger place , and we could discuss me possibly moving out there the next year .
` ` you 're paying me back by letting me cook at your place . ''
just trying to get my shit together so i can get my own place . ''
` ` when i get up enough money saved , i thought maybe you could help me find a place . ''
i already knew he was working toward getting his own place .
` ` you just said you loved it and it was better than your place . ''
i have a key to your place , you have a key to mine .
i was never going to get used to this place .
` ` i went back to his place friday night .
` ` want to go back to your place and see if i can find anything with those files ?
we needed to stop danvers before this place exploded with my friends and family inside .
` ` viktis promised your place has a great view , lots of windows .
she 'd only seen one security system like that , but it had always stuck with her as ingenious and something she 'd do when she had her own place .
` ` how about we go back to my place and i can fill you in on what i ' ve learned ?
keva will find you a place to stay . ''
she 'd left this place on her own ten years ago ; it made sense she 'd come back to it the same way .
she was n't the same child who 'd left this place .
i ' m moving to new york and i need a place to stay .
` ` do n't be upset at her for being scared to leave the only place she 's ever known . ''
after a moment 's thought , she answers , ` ` clean my place . ''
` ` so you cleaning my place , or what ? ''
` ` okay , whatever , you do n't have to clean the whole place , just the bathroom . ''
` ` let 's go to my place . ''
* * * helena i knew i was in trouble the second felicity invited herself over to my place to get ready for our saturday night out .
the last thing she remembered was trying to plow her ancient truck through the snow - covered roads to get to daric carvillius 's place .
she smiled up into my eyes and i knew she expected to come back to my place to f**k . shit , any other night and i would have been all about that .
* * * ` ` so , i was thinking we could go back to your place , and i could show you my latest yoga moves , '' emily whispered in my ear as i got into the car and started the engine .
` ` i want to go back to your place . ''
` ` let 's go back to my place . ''
i nodded and turned my car around and we drove back to my place in silence .
i felt numb as i drove back to my place .
then i wanted us to leave the diner and go back to my place , so i could devour her body one inch at a time .
` ` we can go to my place . ''
we bought our place a month ago and now we 're planning the rest of our lives together . ''
` ` how 's about you stay over at my place and tomorrow morning , we figure out what to do with your car ? ''
i was immediately struck at how different the interior of this home was to his place in miami .
` ` at first we thought it would , we got a two bedroom place and my momma found a job as a cleaner for a nice family .
` ` and your place , just look at it .
` ` well , i live with my brother , and so while his place is n't a dump , i ca n't claim it as my own . ''
` ` will you spend the night at my place ? ''
` ` i know it may seems a bit fast , but i was hoping you could come over tonight , so you could see my place . ''
` ` i did invite you to my place , did n't i ? ''
` ` i ' m sure your place is nice . ''
why was he mentioning seeing my place ?
` ` it will either be your place or his place , it 's not like you 're going to be renting hotel rooms . ''
` ` it will either be your place or his place , it 's not like you 're going to be renting hotel rooms . ''
we 'd spent the entire weekend together , with me staying at his place on saturday night and going back to my own place late sunday afternoon .
we 'd spent the entire weekend together , with me staying at his place on saturday night and going back to my own place late sunday afternoon .
` ` be at my place at 6:30 .
` ` then maybe we can go to your place and you can have dessert . ''
` ` i said we can go back to my place after this , if you want .
` ` to go back to my place . ''
i gave her a small smile , but i knew there was no way i wanted to go back to her place .
` ` are we going to my place now ? ''
` ` i ' m taking you back to your place , but i ' m afraid i ca n't stay the night . ''
` ` elliott is not feeling so good so we 're going to go back to his place . ''
` ` go back to his place ? ''
` ` do you want to go back to your place ? ''
` ` you ca n't come over and i ' m not driving to your place . ''
` ` we 're going to my place . ''
we wo n't be able to hook up at your place then . ''
it was n't my place . ''
` ` to your place . ''
` ` i do n't have my own place . ''
` ` i ca n't take you back to my place . ''
i never brought women back to our place .
i wondered what it would be like to live in a place like that .
` ` okay , now i have to go into fatal attraction territory , but one summer i was over at lucy 's place and we were going through joey 's yearbook , and well , there was a photo of you in there . ''
` ` but maybe if i go home and tell them i ' m going to a friend 's place for a week . ''
we could get help for dad and move and maybe buy a small place so we did n't have to worry about rent .
i knew that i should just move out and try to find a place of my own .
` ` your place is wonderful , bryce . ''
` ` well , my parents ' place , '' i grinned .
` ` let 's go to my place so i can grab some clean clothes and then maybe we can spend the night at a hotel ? ''
` ` i think we 're going to go back to his place and- '' ` ` wait , what ? ''
this was n't the place for a prince , and i was n't sure that i would have stayed here either .
and when we turned seventeen and took the test , we would be rewarded with a good job , a nice place to live , and the satisfaction that we contributed to our society - everything we would ever need to lead a meaningful life .
we could n't all be vis and viis , and all any of us could hope for was food in our bellies and a place to call our own .
` ` a bedroom , '' said daxton offhandedly , as if having a place to sleep in the middle of the sky was no big deal .
even if benjy were still in the heights and did show up at the testing center in the morning , it would be next to impossible to convince him to come with me , let alone find a place to keep him safe .
i had no idea if there really was a servants ' entrance , but in a place this size , there had to be .
i 'll be at your place at seven . ''
despite the painful void xander 's loss left in the manor , i took a small amount of comfort from knowing that this place was still part of the world i understood .
she took my hand and held it like she was the only thing anchoring me to this place .
she needed to find a place where they could spend the night , and she needed to test max to be sure the insulin she 'd given him with his meal had n't pulled his blood sugar too low .
` ` i know all that , but when you worked for the department you searched his place three different times and never found anything . ''
now holly had the schnauzers at her place , and other than a few visits from police , the apartment had been shut up .
the place smelled like an expensive candle store , caleb decided as he began to notice several things he 'd missed before -- the vase of fresh wildflowers on the kitchen table , the small shower in the bathroom he 'd been unable to see from the window , the mahogany entertainment center in the bedroom that housed another television .
in any case , caleb could look for susan from here just as easily as his parents ' place on fidalgo , and simply buy out the lease when he was ready to head home .
` ` i went by his place a couple days ago .
` ` wait , i ' m not staying at my folks ' place , '' he said before she could hang up .
at a minimum , she should be able to tell caleb bits and pieces of conversation she 'd overheard between her parents , whether her father was really at home when he 'd claimed to be , whether she sometimes heard things go bump in the night , whether she ever saw him move something heavy that just might have resembled a dead body ... . ` ` this place is nice , '' he said instead .
now i have a place of my own while i ' m here .
` ` he tried stopping by your place before coming here .
if you 'd rather , i could bring your meals over to your place in the future . ''
her mother 's place should sell right away -- except for the fact that it was the home of an alleged murderer and the location of a suicide .
` ` because she always knew how to pull it together when she really needed to , and her mother would occasionally step in and clean her place , make her look better than she really was . ''
` ` how did it go once they came to live at your place ? ''
` ` put this on , and i 'll walk you over to your place . ''
i ' m on my way to your place . ''
` ` because a man your age ought to be able to afford his own place , that 's why . ''
` ` she said she dropped by your new place , but you were n't home . ''
he did n't want to risk having johnny recognize him from that long - ago interview , but he could n't let madison go over to her mother 's place alone , just in case her brother gave her trouble .
two hours later , caleb felt almost euphoric as he drove madison over to her mother 's place in ellis 's truck .
he 'd never experienced sexual hunger like he had that first time at her place -- unless it was later , at the cottage .
` ` rent is pretty cheap at my place , '' she whispered .
but how could she send her own brother away when he was broke and needed a place to spend the night ?
i only came here tonight because detective gibbons called my place , looking for you . ''
` ` parked only a few blocks from lance 's place .
johnny had been desperate for a mere twenty bucks when he first came to her place , which meant the money tye had given him had already gone up his nose .
the police will be heading over to your brother 's place as soon as they can procure a search warrant . ''
` ` he arrived at your place before i could get there .
when they reached her place , caleb insisted on carrying her inside .
` ` so she dumped those ... trophies at my parents ' place ? ''
` ` i think i 'd be much more comfortable living at your place , '' he said .
she 'd only left his place a couple of hours ago .
` ` do you have dinner at your place ? ''
she insisted that she ` ` owed '' him so many hours , as if it 'd cost him a huge amount to give her a few meals and a place to stay .
i do n't have the money to support a whole family , but i can make sure she has a place to stay and gets a meal now and then .
would she have a permanent place to stay , a good job , a chance to make everything that was wrong in her life right ?
` ` can you pick me up at my place first thing in the morning ?
he 'd spent most of the morning at his mother 's place , calling every associate he could think of , searching for a legitimate position cierra could fill .
` ` does n't look as if he 's done much to keep up the place . ''
and , as soon as possible , she 'd find a new place to live ... . chapter twelve while ken paced in the kitchen of his parents ' house , gabe sat nearby , in his wheelchair .
but i ' ve been by his place twice , and i ca n't get anyone to answer the door . ''
they live up the canyon from my place - your place now . ''
they live up the canyon from my place - your place now . ''
` ` how do i get to their place ? ''
we 're talking about a short stint at my place .
watching his sister 's place is a waste of time .
he 'd spent fourteen years living in places that never went completely dark .
what made him think he could hang out at her place indefinitely ?
` ` at my place ? ''
he 'd been scrabbling around , looking for a place to belong , since he could remember .
` ` then we 'll take them to my place . ''
` ` for saying you had to have money before he 'd rent you a place ? ''
she never let her children spend much time at his place , used any excuse she could to drag them away .
she had her kids in a place she loved ; she had a business that was beginning to thrive - or soon would be .
and home was a place worth fighting for .
the extra refrigerator in the garage suggested the place was well - stocked .
` ` we ' ve got a nice place to stay , plenty to eat and drink .
` ` i assume you did n't come over to check out my place . ''
whoever did it was probably looking for a place to stay or money or something else and negotiations did n't go as planned . ''
` ` you should ' ve stayed at her place . ''
tonight we 're staying at my place . ''
the coziness of it , the family portraits , the ceramics and drawings marley had created , reminded her of what so many women wanted - a home and family , a steady relationship , a place to call their own , safety and security .
she 'd pried it open and allowed herself to care about him and this place , despite what she 'd been through .
there 's a dead man in the backyard and the place has been shot up .
he 'd seen headlights pass by his place , knew it was probably claire .
a car approached as he neared his own place .
as they were pulling away from isaac 's place , he 'd radioed for a couple of deputies to get her car , told them to leave her keys under the mat by leanne 's front door .
after she 'd stopped frequenting his place but before she married david , he 'd called her many times , always in the middle of the night - just to get her attention , to remind her that he was waiting , willing and hoping she 'd come back .
at eleven o'clock he suggested going to her place to watch a movie .
spent over an hour driving up and down every street between the kicking horse and her place , but i could n't find her .
he was taking everything at face value , expecting this place to be as safe and uncomplicated as he 'd been told .
` ` i think he 's been over to your place a number of times tonight and realized you 're not there . ''
` ` i did n't know giving me a place to hide came with mandatory calorie consumption . ''
she left out the part about isaac picking her up and letting her hide at his place for the rest of the night .
scarcely able to believe she was going to the home of her stepmother 's nemesis , a place she 'd always ignored as completely as she usually ignored its occupant , she nodded .
` ` let 's go back to your place , '' she breathed against his lips .
claire was n't surprised she 'd guessed , not when she 'd seen his truck in front of her place twice - and it had stayed there all night one of those times .
and she could ' ve been home , and hurt , when whoever it was broke in and trashed her place .
just drop me at my place , okay ?
unfortunately , the welches lived there these days and had n't taken care of the place , but it 'd been a nice home once upon a time , certainly better than the smattering of old trailers that were so prevalent in the thompson chain of lakes area .
` ` and there 's no answer at your place . ''
although claire had been tempted to ask him about leanne 's tape and what had happened when alana showed up at his place the day she went missing , she had n't wanted to bring up that subject in front of peter .
hopefully , he has a foolproof alibi - for then and the night someone was at your place , rummaging through everything . ''
if he went in the back way , he could hide his car in the trees on the far side and walk along the bank of the creek until he reached her place .
he 'd gone to her place as soon as he left hank 's yesterday and today , but both times he 'd found her house locked up and empty .
` ` are we going to stay at my place tonight ? ''
` ` but he would n't have had to do that if you had n't been at his place , sleeping with him , to begin with . ''
they were at her place , cleaning , but they 'd been analyzing the situation while they worked .
and a fire at her place could endanger leanne , too .
which reminded isaac ... ` ` did you set the fire at my place ? ''
she was asleep in his late wife 's bed , which was far bigger and more comfortable than any place she 'd slept before .
she 'd just been grateful alexa had a safe place to go for a couple of days , so she would n't have to get out of bed at all .
eve said lex can come to your place after school until i get off work .
17 ` ` once you drop me off , you can head home , '' ted told sophia as he drove them back to his place .
it 'd come in not long after she 'd left his place .
and we 'll have to ask sharon to drive her out to your place every afternoon - at least until they move .
i saw the damage at her place with my own eyes . ''
` ` your place okay ? ''
they could just as easily have had dinner out or at her place .
she knows we 're lucky to have a comfortable place to live .
sometimes ted went over to eve 's place instead ; at least that was where sophia assumed he went when he left at night .
by two o'clock her daughter and ted were both gone and sophia had the whole place to herself .
` ` did you spend the day at ted 's mother 's place ? ''
` ` i figured it was n't my place . ''
shall we drive over to her place now - drag her out of bed ?
conscious of the late hour and that he 'd be intruding , noah hesitated on the stoop with the bag of supplies he 'd brought from his place .
` ` anyway- '' sobering , he addressed stacy again ` ` -she was at my place the whole night .
helen only called when she got into a fight with her current husband and wanted a place to stay , or needed to borrow money .
he 'd been tempted to stop by her place instead .
` ` was n't our place .
stephen 's place was in the country , on kyle houseman 's property .
his truck was at her place , but the weather was good and she 'd told him she preferred to head over on foot .
` ` let 's get a movie and take it to my place . ''
` ` if you give me the keys , i 'll drive it over to your place so it 'll be there when you get home . ''
leaving his truck at her place would definitely be making a statement .
those secrets would tear them apart eventually - which reminded her that she needed to drive by stephen 's place to get a good look at his truck .
taking a calming breath , she slipped her phone in her pocket , found the flashlight she 'd used when she was pretending to trick - or - treat and began to trudge to his place .
he 'd moved out of the apartment after a couple of years , but baxter had chosen to stay there until he could afford his own place .
it had sat in the drive all week because she had n't really gone anywhere , other than his place .
despite all the critters that scurried around the place after dark , he had n't awakened her like this once in the three months since she 'd moved to the farm .
` ` once we get this vagrant 's bike back to your place .
` ` i ' ve got my sister and her kids at my place . ''
` ` i know your parents are giving you a little to get this place shaped up before they list it , but that ca n't be enough to cover your monthly expenses . ''
` ` i was at your place this morning , '' she said .
she simply liked thinking that she 'd made a positive impact on someone , if only in a small way - giving him a place to stay , some food to eat , a few days of peace .
maybe he 'd be moving on come the weekend , but while he was staying at her place she did n't want him to know she was critically ill . she found him attractive .
` ` getting your grandparents ' place ready to sell ?
she figured she 'd keep her mouth shut for now and go to their place directly afterward .
we 'd be hard - pressed to get her mother out of the house if someone set fire to our place .
you heard what i told him at your place .
` ` i ' ve got a cruiser going by your place every hour , starting at eight in the evening . ''
since tina had finished getting the slide shows of her recent shoots ready for the clients who were coming in tomorrow , callie 'd had the place to herself .
` ` i guess that levi fellow who 's been staying at the farm is at his place . ''
she 'd known it was a little early to show up at his place , but levi was only going to work half a day .
it 's been all i can do to stop them from showing up at your place en masse . ''
they 'd met at her place and taken two cars so they could all arrive at once .
what could they possibly have found out since leaving her place ?
if you can just hang on until ... until i clear up my past , we 'll be able to afford this place .
she 'd put up a christmas tree and lights , and kept the place clean , but their house was easily the most humble abode in amador county .
` ` you 're about to give people a good reason to stay at your place , even if it costs a little extra . ''
when they were n't traveling in the motor home they 'd bought when their financial situation still looked good , they went to bed early and , for the most part , let eve visit them at the main house instead of trudging back to her place .
sometimes presley partied with them down at their place , which was a rambler along the river half a mile away .
he 'd gone to her place expecting to feel what he 'd felt when he was with eve .
` ` he took me back to his place . ''
` ` anyway , she 's always high when she 's at our place .
nothing 's going to happen to presley at my place , '' he told her .
this was n't the first time presley had gone over to his place , and he 'd already said nothing would happen to her there .
her sister went over to his place all the time .
this place was her refuge ; she did n't want to be at home .
a half mile farther down the road was dylan 's place , a brick house with a big yard , two dogs that must be in the house because they were n't out and several old oak trees draped with the mistletoe that grew naturally in their branches .
frustrated by her vigilant conscience , which would n't let her rest until she 'd apologized , she parked on the road in front of his place .
so she called dylan 's cell to ask if he 'd stop by on his way past her place , or maybe talk to her on the phone .
their time together had been incredible , even better than the hours at her place .
maybe she 'd made up the place where she had nice clothes and plenty of food , where she felt loved and safe and happy .
he knew she was n't at her place .
i stopped by his place on my way home . ''
it was a miracle no one had spotted her car at his place on monday - although he lived even farther from town , and not many people had to go by his place in order to get home .
it was a miracle no one had spotted her car at his place on monday - although he lived even farther from town , and not many people had to go by his place in order to get home .
maybe he 's got a string of women coming to his place .
` ` joe came over to your place tonight .
he and his brothers went past her place all the time .
when we were watching that movie at your place , and i was clear across the room , i could n't think of anything except getting closer to you , curling up against you . ''
i ' m new in town , and i have to find a place to stay . ''
the windows had been blacked out , the place had smelled like mildew and there 'd been plenty of bdsm toys in the bedroom - along with a video camera .
` ` we found a place to live today . ''
if they were in their new place , he could n't wake with his hand up her shirt again because they 'd be sleeping in separate beds .
he pictured how easy it would be to peer in at them in their new place .
` ` got our own place now . ''
if she returned to her father 's place , she 'd have to tell him and her brother that simon had left her , but she 'd have to do that fairly soon , anyway .
his visit to her place last night had been cathartic in so many ways , had crystallized what he really wanted out of life .
they loved staying at their own place when they visited whiskey creek , had been there several times already .
mouth quirking up on one side , he said , ` ` why do n't you follow me to my place and put yourself back together before you walk into the lion 's den ?
he 'd known she 'd never show up at his place .
his place was one of the nicest in the area .
i ' m not going back to your place . ''
antoinette had stripped the place bare when she moved out more than a year ago .
i ' m with her now , moving her to my sister 's place . ''
` ` your stepbrother takes good care of the place . ''
i ' m so used to seeing that old hunk of junk , this place wo n't look the same without it . ''
maybe he should move away , find a new place to live .
` ` at her own place .
he was sure no one had seen her walk into his place .
this was the place where she 'd been born and had spent the first eighteen years of her life .
from the look of the place , he 'd kept the furnishings mama fowler had owned when she was alive .
she thought his mother had died about fourteen years ago and yet the place felt as if mrs . fowler might walk in at any second .
he would ' ve gone to her place and kept watch over her , except he did n't believe that , ultimately , it would make any difference .
she was fairly sure the noise had originated from her own place .
god , that man gave her the creeps ... . his truck had been parked in the driveway for hours , yet his place had been dark since nightfall .
` ` what time do you want me at your place ? ''
he 'd asked her not to come to his place without a subpoena .
it 'll give you and whitney a place to live .
even in the heavy , blanketlike darkness of a mississippi summer night , with only half a moon grinning eerily overhead , she could see that her older brother kept the place in good repair .
considering our options , my mother 's is the best place for you .
grace wished her mother had been capable of reaching out to her eighteen years ago ... . ` ` evonne 's place is nice , is n't it ? ''
she had to be staying at evonne 's place .
what 's he doing at your place ? ''
his father had dropped him off at his grandmother 's place a while ago , but he 'd known it was far too early to visit anyone .
somehow being at her place made him feel happy inside .
` ` it 's fun at her place . ''
` ` when i drove past her place at lunch , the stand was up , but you two were n't around .
` ` teddy 's been spending some time at her place lately . ''
` ` teddy and heath were at her place just this morning , '' she went on , ` ` sitting out on the lawn selling soap and cookies and whatever else . ''
he disliked it enough that he was tempted to jump into his suv and drive over to her place , do what he could to convince her to stay .
i have no desire to hurt them in their old age - or have my own place get torched .
joe seemed to be keeping a close eye on her place .
when he first arrived , he 'd taken a quick walk around the place , just to make sure she was alone .
` ` we ' ve torn this place apart .
i was the oldest and had my own place , so i moved my sisters in with me .
he stayed away from her place in case malcolm was closer than they thought .
whosyourdaddy : they did n't have a place to stay .
he 'd visited her place at least twice a week for months .
she 'd fed kate , then loaded her daughter and the food in the car and raced to her in - laws ' place , thinking she 'd have dinner at the motel .
` ` at your place ? ''
this was an old home , the kind of place that made a lot of settling noises .
` ` that i ' m a coworker who 's down on his luck and needs a place to stay . ''
bob knows your name , knows you ' ve been staying at my place . ''
except for a single porch light , the place was dark .
in the meantime , he 'd temporarily moved into a friend 's place because it was empty while that friend and his family were on leave .
once we got to her place , she offered to ... '' he considered trying to explain what a three - way was and decided against it .
she 'd copied his address from various papers she 'd seen him fil out , had been to his place when he was n't home , even taken the spare key from under the mat and made herself a copy .
` ` when we were sitting on the couch at my place . ''
` ` because he left her place at 3:00 a.m. , and she was admitted to the hospital thirty minutes later .
` ` the cabdriver who took us to her place can tell you i got into his cab alone and gave him my home address .
he'l also tell you that kalyna climbed in at the last second , of her own volition , and insisted he take us to her place instead . ''
i ' m not welcome at their place and ca n't join them for holidays .
luke 's apartment was plain but clean , and she had to smile at the various masculine touches that put his stamp on the place -- a bike propped against the wall behind the couch , skis in the corner , sports il ustrated magazines on the coffee table and a giant tv against one wall .
` ` i ' m happy at your place . ''
even if they demoted her , she 'd have a job , a place to live and luke , and she could reapply for advancement in another year or so .
` ` she must not have gone home when she left your place , '' ava said as they stood in the master bedroom .
did he need a place to stay ?
she 'd head past the rented cabin where they 'd once spent thanksgiving before colin 's dad had bought his own place .
she was n't sure how she 'd get through another four days until the weekend , rambling around the place on her own .
it annoyed her that he could be so patronizing when he 'd always had a nice place to live , a hot meal .
zoe could n't afford a place in this area , not on her own , especially now that she was out of a job .
` ` you have a nice place , '' he said as they stepped onto the patio .
the neighbors were less likely to pay attention to them if they kept the place up .
we keep our place clean .
he had n't touched her since he 'd taken her hand for those few minutes after leaving franky 's place .
` ` did n't you need a place to stay ? ''
` ` he said ... to come over to his place ... later . ''
` ` i used her phone to text him , saying she 's leaving our place and getting a room for the night , that she 'll call him in the morning .
` ` okay , so we 'll get together at my place .
at easter , paddy 's new wife , sheryl , had said it 'd be nice if colin and tiffany would host dinner at their place for a change , but paddy had immediately responded by telling her to shut up and get them all a beer .
if the police ever do search our place for evidence , it 'll be that much harder to find . ''
` ` if it 's a problem , i can meet you at your place later . ''
maybe it 's just me , but i 'd probably call and ask him how the hell to get to his cousin 's place .
she was leading maximillian and quixote toward the dirt road that led past his place to levi matherley 's .
` ` what makes you think she 'll be safe at your place ? ''
now that the police were done , cain planned to gather up her belongings and take them to his place , where owen was looking after her in his absence .
` ` it 's interesting that she 's at your place . ''
` ` would you mind if i stopped by your place to visit her sometime ? ''
besides that , he came over for dinner or spent the night at her place at least four times a week - during a normal week , anyway .
` ` let 's have it at my place , '' she said .
` ` beyond that , ned believes , and i tend to agree with him , '' john was saying , ` ` that there 's got to be a connection between what 's going on at your place these days and what happened twelve years ago . ''
what 's going on at your place ... cain could n't ignore the blame that tinged those words .
cain , meet me tomorrow night at midnight , my place , or i 'll tell them you did it .
` ` it was n't your place .
owen had n't bothered to raise the heavy blinds his assistants lowered before leaving every friday afternoon , and even with the lights on , the place had a closed - up feeling .
` ` robert lives right down the street from my uncle 's place , '' she finally said .
` ` john took what he wanted for his own place , owen chose a few keepsakes and robert got most of the furniture because it was better than the junk he had in that old trailer .
` ` in those trees behind your place .
` ` that 's why i decided to get in the car instead of approaching your place on foot . ''
he 'd park his car on the edge of my property and walk over to your place , '' levi explained .
` ` what , the air 's better at my place ? ''
` ` were you at my place last night ? ''
` ` that does n't tell me what she was doing up at my place so often . ''
she quit going to your place so often .
but given his relationship with his stepfamily , he probably did n't go to their place often .
ned and tiger were both pointing a finger at him for amy 's death , but she 'd come out to his place on her own , many times according to his neighbor .
she wondered what ned would think when cain told him that tiger had driven past her place three times the night she was attacked .
hanging his tie , which she 'd retrieved from the tree at the church , on the front doorknob , she walked around the place .
this cabin did n't have running water or electricity , like cain 's new place .
he 's got the whole exterior of my dad 's place on camera surveillance .
but if owen was anywhere near his place , he did n't want sheridan sleeping at the old cabin alone .
she 'd been invited on the show to suggest places he might have gone , things he might be doing .
` ` moreau had seen huff watching his place earlier in the day .
his parents were expecting him for dinner at their place in mamou , but they 'd be happy with the shrimp he 'd caught in his trawling nets a few days ago , before the season ended .
they sold their house to pay francis 's attorney fees and then moved into his place after he was arrested because it was cheaper . ''
the place had a shut - in feeling , as if the occupants did n't like visitors even when they were home .
spotting another man in uniform heading to one of the vehicles in front of tattie 's place , jasmine got out of her car .
her father was another option , but he lived in the opposite direction , and she was n't about to show up at his place battered and bruised on christmas eve .
which meant they 'd be staying at romain 's place another night .
no one ever came to his place ; he 'd had no reason to worry .
` ` someone did ransack the place , '' she said .
` ` if i wanted to see him , i would ' ve spent christmas with him instead of making a fool of myself at your parents ' place . ''
` ` could n't you clean this place up ? ''
they could n't work from his place in the bayou , without telephone and internet services , which meant it might be a while before he could return home .
kimberly no longer lived there , but her own place was pretty impressive , jasmine thought as she took in the bostonian flavor of her sister 's small cottage .
for others , it was a better attorney , a place to stay , medical help , even physical therapy and counseling .
it was weeks before he claimed he 'd gone to skye 's place for consensual sex , at which point she 'd attacked him .
` ` a place in town would be safer , '' jasmine said .
oliver had not only lived here , he 'd prided himself on his ability to afford such a lovely place , had allegedly killed his neighbor 's dog over an rv that blocked other people 's view of it .
` ` he 's been showing up at her place a little more often than you might expect .
` ` no , she 's just someone i know from work , someone who needed a safe place to stay last night . ''
` ` it 's my turn to take jeremy for the weekend , and i promised lynnette i 'd pick him up from her place before dinner . ''
she 'd told him some guy had been hanging around her place the night before , acting suspicious .
` ` but the playstation 's always at your place . ''
` ` it should be at my place .
` ` i ' m not going to my place .
she 'd managed to slip out of her in - laws ' place with kate before anyone realized it , but now that she was facing a new day , she was beginning to doubt the perceptions and panic that had led her here .
after skye had left his place a few minutes earlier , he 'd told himself to go to work and do the research before accusing his ex - wife of attempted murder .
` ` i 'll come to your place when i finish everything i ' ve got to do , '' he said .
if skye had walked around the place , she might ' ve spotted the glass , but she 'd come through the front door - just as he 'd expected .
whether or not he might come to dinner at her place if she were to invite him ... .
but she 'd thought the farm might eventually provide a way for him to settle down and stay in one place .
he has a cabin up in the mountains and a place in town .
` ` he parked over at my place .
if kenny told hannah half the stuff that went on at his father 's place , she 'd sue russ for full custody again , and kenny did n't want that to happen .
besides , if he showed up at her place , she 'd know russ had forgotten him again and his parents would end up in another huge fight .
` ` he 'll be getting his own place . ''
` ` anyway , i ' m busy in the morning , so i was hoping i could cook in the afternoon and bring dinner out to your place afterwards .
russ 's mother had given hannah a place to belong , but as the days passed , hannah soon realized that belonging came at a price .
he 'd gone out with a group and now he was inviting her to his place for dinner ?
she squeezed her eyes shut , fighting the urge to drop the phone , scoop up her keys and dash off to his place .
the places she 'd been renting , for a few months here and six weeks there , had low ceilings and generally were n't the nicest .
when lucky was a senior in high school and morris had divorced her mother and moved back in with his first wife , across town , where he 'd lived the final few months of his life , red had stripped the place bare .
lucky 's brothers , who 'd stayed in dundee a little longer than she had , once told her that morris had never returned to the place or fixed it up after red moved out - and they were obviously right .
after a few months , when she had the place fixed up , she 'd finally sell out and put dundee behind her forever .
he listened but did n't hear any noise coming from inside - no music or voices - so he doubted anyone was tearing up the place .
she 'd often wondered what mike 's place would be like .
` ` did you stay at your folks ' place last night ? ''
` ` i might ' ve been able to stand this place . ''
we 'll stop by finley 's on the way to your place . ''
` ` is n't that your grandpa 's old place ? ''
all evening he 'd been recounting her sins , fighting the urge to go over to her place and apologize .
except for the movers who 'd delivered the furniture she 'd rented from a place in boise , the contractors who 'd given her bids and the bank that had made her the loan , no one had called her since she 'd received telephone service .
and he generally enjoyed sunday dinner at his folks ' place .
when he 'd passed her place , he 'd looked for her car , but could n't see it .
maybe , to a certain extent , he could excuse himself for that night at his place and then at the motel .
i just loved going over to your place , being with the horses , hearing the cowboys talk back and forth . ''
` ` and is that why you came to my room that night at my place ?
with mike 's truck at her place , lucky did n't see any point in playing games .
` ` jon and smalley did n't go back to my place last night ? ''
when they 'd returned from holbrook 's earlier , she 'd insisted they leave mike 's truck at the ranch and walk over to her place .
and she knew he 'd never leave this place .
just a place to stay and some kind of welcome until she could find a job that would n't require her to be on her feet .
` ` i could come out to your place and give you a trim once in a while , '' she said .
` ` katie 's staying out at my place . ''
maybe she 'd found another place to stay and a job that would n't require her to be on her feet .
she 'd even invited him to her place last friday night , but his response had been decidedly lukewarm .
` ` you 're going to pay me fifteen dollars an hour and provide a place for me to live ?
` ` i do n't have any money , and i do n't have a place to stay . ''
then he had chase follow him out to his place , where he hid the old car beneath some scrub brush in a gully about a half mile from the house , and went to the bank .
jon small , his wife and two kids lived in a nice rambler on a piece of land not far from his parents ' place , his brother 's , and his cousin 's .
` ` they 're tiny , katie , just a place to sleep really , so not much , '' he said .
her new place seemed strangely quiet and lonely without him , delbert and bruiser .
mike and josh used to live together , but since josh got married , he and rebecca had built their own place on a more wooded part of the property , near a small pond .
katie had n't seen him since she 'd moved out of his place .
she told andy that you 're providing more than a place for me to live , which is why he felt justified in taking the computer .
` ` it was jon small 's place that was broken into , and nothing much was stolen .
` ` booker said he 'd bring me over to your place .
whoever broke into jon 's place is probably the same person who robbed mrs . willoughby , and i know for a fact that booker would never expose himself ... .
` ` then it should n't matter if they search his place .
` ` unless you boys found something else at his place today , something you did n't tell me about that ties him to the small robbery or some other crime , we do n't have anything to hold him on .
` ` what was joe slinkerhoff doing at your place ? ''
` ` then how do you explain the car they found hidden in that gully at your place ? ''
` ` we could stop by their place on the way home if you want , '' he said .
i only got in last weekend , and granny 's kept me busy fixing up the place . ''
booker had called to tell her granny hatfield had no problem with her moving in , so she had a new place to live .
her current landlord had agreed to let her out of her lease so she could move right away - actually , he 'd practically wept in relief that his son , daughter - in - law and grandkids would now be able to have their own place .
we have n't seen you around our place for a few years - thank god , '' he added under his breath , as though he thought she would n't be able to hear him .
because she came off as rather unconcerned about domestic things , he 'd assumed her place would be messy .
` ` at my new place . ''
` ` is all your other stuff going with you to your new place ? ''
` ` no , my new place is furnished .
only a few things remained at her old place - her telephone and answering machine , her television , which she was planning to put in her bedroom , and some plants .
could you tell him i had to go to my old place to finish up a few things ? ''
` ` to think i once had a place of my own . ''
it was booker who 'd given her a place to stay , booker who 'd helped her move , booker who 'd been there for her when buddy let her down .
` ` then we could go on over to your place . ''
he heard the innuendo in her voice , but for some reason the thought of winding up at his place with mary did n't tempt him tonight - at least not as much as playing pool with rebecca .
how long were you at his place ? ''
` ` according to a very reliable source , he must ' ve done it before we went to his place . ''
drive by his place .
at first , she 'd pulled to the side of the road a quarter mile short of his place , just to be cautious in case he was up and about or had company .
rebecca had been driving out to his place about every other night for the past ten days , which meant she was tempted .
` ` she certainly was n't at my place , '' granny said with a cackle .
aunt millie needs a few things , too , like another coat of paint on her place .
` ` does this have something to do with that night the two of you left the honky tonk and went to his place ? ''
i was hoping you 'd be willing to come to easter dinner next sunday afternoon at my place so you can meet her . ''
now rebecca was her regular hairdresser , and the fact that she went to aunt millie 's place once a week to get the job done had helped soften the old woman 's heart even more .
feeling safer than when his brother - in - law was stalking around the place acting like the king of all he surveyed - his sister 's husband was such a neanderthal - dean walked around the front of the house to the gate , took the key from his pocket and let himself into the salvage yard .
the body was found in skull valley , which is only fifteen minutes from prescott , even closer to his place .
no way did she want to discuss his presence at her place this morning , but she knew any conversation they had would be awkward if she did n't .
the police are watching his place , are n't they ? ''
i ' ve never been to your place . ''
that he 'd already been to your place .
adriana knew because she 'd driven by her place twice , had gone the long way to the video store just to see if she 'd find jonah 's car out front .
she told him what adriana had said , then added , ` ` dean could ' ve left those pictures at my place but did n't .
` ` it has two people inside , watching our place , waiting for you to make a mistake .
if it was n't for the old folks and the fact that this was their place , butch would ' ve kicked him out long ago .
she was the one who 'd taken pity on her and given her a job and a place to live .
i ran out right in front of their place , had to knock at the door and ask if i could buy a couple gallons off 'em . ''
` ` then you need to explain exactly what happened the day you came to my place .
` ` has she ever come by your place ? ''
there , they 'd live with him and two other roommates and , hopefully , find work so they could help pay the mortgage until they 'd saved enough to afford their own place .
it was so easy to feel self - righteous and superior when you had a comfortable home , a safe place to live and a full stomach .
` ` i ca n't imagine stuart would be pleased about my coming to your place for dinner . ''
but , as it turned out , his place was n't such a safe haven . ''
when she attended holiday gatherings at her mother 's place , they were polite to each other .
staring at the trailer they 'd once shared , with its missing furniture and the dog and cat the family had left with him because their new place did n't allow pets , had changed him , hardened him .
less than fifteen minutes after they 'd arrived at her place , she had a trail of clothing across her floor and he was taking up most of her bed .
she preferred not to let him know that rod was staying at her place .
until then , she figured it would n't hurt to drive out and take a look at his place , see if it appeared to be shut up for an extended period .
they could n't talk about the safe house and he had enough honor not to drag her down with him by mentioning that he 'd ultimately gone to her place .
especially because , for a certain period of time , he 'd been at her place alone .
` ` thanks to whoever damaged his motel room , he needed a place to stay .
they carried him back to better times , when his wife was happy being married to him and his kids were running around the place barefoot and screaming like banshees .
he did n't want her anywhere besides the boot and spur , but with charlie out of town , no one would expect her to go to his place , either .
` ` maybe they ' ve gone back to her place , '' he said .
regardless , it was quite obvious that he 'd spent a lot of money on his place and was proud of it .
that the police would have a better chance of solving his murder if you left this place alone until the fbi 's forensic techs could go through it . ''
still , the fact that he 'd wound up dead while trying to keep an eye on charlie was unnerving , especially since rod knew sophia was out at charlie 's place right now .
he compared it to a place he 'd find for his own ` ` spiritual family , '' a place where he could ` ` operate beneath the awareness of the outside world . ''
this place had a generator , if it worked , and an outhouse made of sun - bleached wood that listed to one side .
` ` i ' m finding my own place to stay , '' she announced .
sometimes he even brought a girl over to watch a movie or just hang out at his older brother 's place .
he 'd given her his keys , so she could get into his place .
fake espinoza her place smelled like tomato sauce and garlic bread and parmesan cheese .
` ` it 's the exact same layout as my place , but at the same time it looks totally different . ''
which means it 's less weird for me to take a shower at your place . ''
i looked around the apartment , trying to imagine it as my place .
i ' m talking about at my own place . ''
` ` living all those places sounds pretty great to me . ''
there are only twenty - four other seniors - twenty - three - and all of them have friends to hang out with and places to go and things to do .
` ` let 's go back to my place and make out in the hallway . ''
but when we broke up , it became his place again- '' ` ` i thought you said he was n't going anywhere . ''
he was under the mistaken impression that he was some sort of clean freak because his place back home had always been clean , but that had only been because he had a maid that tidied up behind him .
` ` or i would go over to her place and tell her . ''
we talked about mother 's cottage and how we might get one of our own ; adonis had never had a home before , not a proper one he 'd chosen for himself , and he relished the idea of seeing the place that had become my summer retreat .
and even though she was born here , daxton made a deal with his mother and found her a place to grow up out in the world . ''
the very air drips with richness and opulence that puts every place i ' ve ever been to to shame .
a lump forms in my throat , one that has nothing to do with the mash and everything to do with a sense of deep homesickness , for as much as i rebelled against the convent , it was the safest place i have ever lived .
i had been plucked from my home - however dark and oppressive it was , it was the only place i 'd known for fourteen years - and plopped down on an isolated rocky island that i feared was the destination of the mysterious night rowers , rumored ferrymen to the underworld itself .
i realize now , now that it has been taken away from me , that the only thing that kept me from despair all these years was the belief that one day i would finally be able to get off this island - this place where i have had to guard every thought , hide every true feeling , and weigh every gesture .
in truth , i never imagined so many could live in one place behind one set of walls .
i looked around the place , and it surprised me that the house was actually fairly clean .
just going to my place and getting settled in . ''
there was no way a college student could afford a place like this .
` ` then we 're going back to my place .
i shook my head and climbed back on his bike ; we made the ten - minute ride back to his place .
it actually shocked me that party last night had not left the place trashed .
` ` you left them at my place and i was going to return them to you but had n't had the chance yet . ''
mason and i climbed in the car and we went back to his place .
after all my stuff is bought and paid for , the three of us head back to my place .
jackson and chloe are all meeting here at my place and heading over to oceans for a few hours .
the whole place is trashed .
we stop and pick up a twelve pack before we head back to our place .
i was left with no choice , i did n't have any money to fight him in court and i did n't have a place to live .
i hope to have you at my place sometime too . ''
` ` find a place to live , close to the club and get me the information .
i found it ironic that i was begging for a place to stay .
technically , this place belongs to my parents .
` ` you 'd let us crash at your place the whole summer ? ''
if you had said , ` ` let 's have sex , '' or ` ` let 's go to my place , '' or even ` ` i really want you , '' i ' m not sure we would have gone quite as far as we did .
i ' m sure if we could have afforded it , we would have kept both places .
there was a slim chance she 'd just decided this place was n't for her and had left after homeroom .
thomas 's place was nearly palatial , an upper east side mansion - apartment .
` ` make sure this place is in one piece when i get back . ''
` ` party at your place ? ''
i 'll keep them from you , even if it is just you and me rattling around this place .
she had been quietly gathering support , telling the men she had plans to make the place better .
she 's made this place tolerable .
even if i have to pull this place apart , bolt by bolt , i ' m not staying .
if this woman sent me out of her bed in favor of another , i 'd break the place apart with my bare hands .
the place was a jumble , but at least we could close the door .
elation burbled through me when i unearthed towels , too ; at ten , i stopped organizing and took my first shower in our new place .
might buy his own place soon . ''
a blonde woman turned , the dainty sort who made me feel like mooing as i stomped around , breaking china and generally trashing the place .
likely he could ' ve afforded this place on his own , but he did n't want to live by himself , and he was n't ready to move in with josh yet .
down the hall toward ty 's place , i heard a noise , like the door clicking shut quietly , but i could n't investigate until i dealt with angus .
at my place , he clarified , like i really thought we were going on vacation together .
at the front doors , he squeezed me close , kissed my forehead and then left his arm around my shoulders as he moved us toward his place .
this was the messiest i 'd ever seen his place , likely because he had to feed sam , pack for day care , plus the weekend bag , and get his son out of the house early .
then we go to her place .
despite the tension between max and lauren , it had been a while since the four of us went out together , and excitement percolated through me , enough to dispel the residual gloom over leaving ty 's place .
from memory , i drove to lauren 's old place , a tiny two - bedroom house on the outskirts of town .
when the car skidded for the second time in as many miles , i agreed , but first we had to find a place with available rooms .
without bothering to put on shoes , i followed him to his place , and he let us in , juggling keys , backpacks and sam in a practiced move .
` ` i saw the broken window on your car when i came in and went straight to your place to make sure you were okay . ''
` ` are you just hanging out at his place again ? ''
how many times have i hung out at your place , nadia ? ''
i was nervous on the ride to his parents ' place , mostly because we were fledgling - new , and this was akin to throwing down the gauntlet .
` ` he 's got his own place now . ''
` ` that 's when you restore a place , make it awesome , then sell for a profit , right ? ''
` ` if i ca n't sell it , i 'll have a nice place to live .
` ` considering i 'd have to carry it home from your place , yeah . ''
when we got to rob 's place , the dining - room floor was ready to be stained .
he angled the truck back through sharon , but instead of heading for my place , he turned toward the small downtown .
i figured you 'd be an anger ball , after what happened between us at your place and then silence . ''
i drove carefully from the pancake house out to his place .
her house gave off a fairly foreboding vibe , with so many windows ; it was a brick historical place with tons of character , but i also sensed dark history .
this is where i ask you to pack a bag and drive to my place . ''
a bowl of cereal was as much breakfast as i ever had at my mom 's place , so i ate the same here .
rob and i celebrated with dinner at the roadhouse , and then i spent the night at his place .
he was home by the time i got to his place , just climbing out of his truck .
` ` i hope you do n't have any trouble selling your place , '' i murmured .
it was weird to imagine her wandering around the apartment in my place .
while we waited to merge onto the main road , he asked , ` ` do you want to go home or to my parents ' place for a while ? ''
if i suggest moving out , he 'll demand to inspect the place and then say , ' no daughter of mine will shame me by living in filth and squalor . ' ''
well ... good luck in your new place . ''
the other day , she asked why i moved in with you so suddenly , why i did n't talk to her first if i was thinking about getting a place .
i could n't live here forever ; i knew that , but i could n't bring myself to discuss looking for a new place with avery because it would mean contacting rob , other than the check i mailed once a month .
` ` it 's more than i made in construction , but for us to find a decent place that allows pets , our rent will be at least fifteen hundred , plus we have two cars to park , and that 's more expensive than you 'd expect . ''
my apartment fell through when the landlord sold the place out from under us and now i ' m scrambling . '
this place was a step down from a red roof inn , and the room was about as depressing as i expected : dated decor in overly bright hues with hutch , tiny dining set and grubby , striped arm chair .
if the rooms were like this , clean and simple , then this would be nicer than the place we 'd stayed in last night .
i just got a new keyboard and i could use some help getting it to your place . ''
as he stacked my stuff in back , evan added , ` ` i handle transportation and since i have the most room , i store the amps and everything else at my place .
we talked about the set list on the way back to his place , and it felt so good to have something besides classes and max to focus on .
too soon , he pulled up at evan 's place , but there were no lights inside and i did n't hear anything from the garage .
` ` is your place this nice ? ''
on the surface , max seemed to have friends all over the place , so i 'd figured somebody - probably his roommates - would throw him an awesome party .
the apartment was quiet at this hour ; angus must have been at del 's place , and nobody else seemed to be stirring , either .
one night could n't erase dark circles like those , unfortunately , but he could rest up at my parents ' place .
the place was huge with phenomenal views , three bedrooms , three baths and a study .
` ` if things get too awkward , you can crash at my place for a while .
my heart was like somebody had robbed the place , throwing shit everywhere with torn clothing and dishes broken on the floor .
` ` i want to turn back the clock , make it so that trip to your parents ' place never happened .
i have a housekeeper for this place 'cause i hate cleaning , but i do n't mind fooling around in the kitchen .
i had a bunch of guys flying in just to crash at your place and party hard .
i was here for fun , to enjoy having all my friends in one place , to celebrate the cohabitation of two people i adored and the recent wedded bliss of two more people i loved and considered my own .
i did n't want to trash his place if i could help it .
the owner took care of my bike , and when i went to collect it he would n't take a dime for the repairs to his place .
` ` civilian life can be a real bitch to settle back into , sometimes it helps to have a place that feels more familiar .
i ' m gon na swing by his place and see if i can harass him into getting a checkup , at the very least .
hey , i ' m just gon na take you to my place for a minute .
i had spent the last week with cora , either at her place or mine , and the more time i spent in her company , the harder it was to want to be away from her .
she let me take her out to dinner and a movie and we ended the night back at my place .
granted the tips are n't anything to write home about right now , but you 're getting the place cleaned up real nice so that might change in the near future . ''
she wanted to spend the night at her place even though mine was closer because she had breakfast plans with shaw and ayden in the morning , so i told her i would just meet her there after i went and picked up the truck .
it was kind of an even trade - off because my place was closer to the shop and hers was closer to the bar .
my place generally had less people in it , but i liked ayden and jet , and asa was a character .
her hormones were all over the place lately .
one night cora and i were sprawled out on the couch at my place .
` ` we need to find our own place . ''
we need our own place . ''
by the time we got around to dinner , it was ice cold but it was still the best thing i ever ate because she made it and because soon i was going to have her all to myself in a place all our own .
i told her that i was probably moving out and getting a place with rome before the end of summer , so she and jet would have the place to themselves .
i told her that i was probably moving out and getting a place with rome before the end of summer , so she and jet would have the place to themselves .
` ` what about just keeping your place ?
how would you feel about just moving in with me and staying at my place ? ''
` ` i love your place , cora .
it was a special place full of special things , and even if our time together had been relatively short , that place had enough love in it to last a lifetime .
she would n't let me pick her up , had insisted on meeting me at my place .
she shut the door without giving me a real answer about her job , and i retreated into my own place .
i did n't even look around the place .
i was just gon na come back to your place with you if that was cool . ''
he totally looked like the kind of guy that could tear the place apart with his bare hands and then build it back up .
she texted me , called me when she had free time , but never stayed the night at my place when she came over and never asked me to stay when i was at hers .
on the rare night i found myself at his place , that was what prevented me from staying the night , kept me from openly asking him to stay with me , and really it was what kept me from fully being able to trust him .
that 's why my hours are so all over the place and why i think i got a good read on people . ''
he had spent many a morning in my place when i had to go to work , it was strange being on the opposite side of that .
last night i locked myself out of my place .
i tried to keep him comfortable , had nurses at his place almost around the clock , but the cancer was obviously progressing , moving into his most vital organs .
she waved a hand at me over her shoulder and disappeared inside her own place .
my place , his place , one of us was always in the other 's bed , and as long as i woke up next to him in the morning , i did n't care where i put my head at night .
my place , his place , one of us was always in the other 's bed , and as long as i woke up next to him in the morning , i did n't care where i put my head at night .
i never stay in any one place for very long and i ' ve never managed to settle .
you can bring them by my place or just e - mail them to me when you have them ready .
i carved my own path when it would have been so much easier to relent , and i had done it with my own style and my own flair , which was why i had decided it was okay for me to live my life on my own terms even if that meant not staying in any one place for very long .
i can come over to your place later . ''
i do n't think i 'll be sending you back to your own place . ''
i was in the middle of trying to pick my place up and make it look less like a bachelor crash pad when i heard a knock on the door and jimbo yip from the other side .
my place was pretty basic guy fare .
a little thrill raced across my skin that she had heeded my warning about not letting her go back to her place .
it seemed that now that rule was going to be a dad , a husband , and a homeowner , rome was all over her to pack up the house they rented and move into a place they would buy .
rowdy and i had shared everything - given each other the support we needed to make it in a place neither one of us wanted to be .
i was sick of the drama , so i told her i would stop by her place when i was done .
it was becoming more and more common , me going to her place after work , especially when i was at the marked , since she lived right down the street , and her waiting for me until i was done when i did my shift downtown so we could go get something to eat or grab a drink together .
i figured she had run back to her own place to get ready for work and to check in on poppy .
i made sure i had plans to go out with the girls after work on thursday so i could avoid him showing up at my place to talk to me , which i was sure he was going to do because he sent me a text threatening to .
even if that place was some forgotten cabin in the colorado mountains .
i mean there was no bathroom , the place was beyond rustic , but i did n't think salem was the type to go tromping through the woods without letting me know where she was going or waking me up to hold the flashlight for her .
` ` rowdy wants us to come stay at his place until we know for sure oliver has been served with the protection order .
` ` i ' m gon na take poppy to your place .
i would feel better with him there , but i figured poppy and i would be okay as long as we stuck together and we were n't going to my place but to his .
no girl has ever had the keys to my place before . ''
poppy did n't want to be at my apartment , she did n't want to be alone with him at his place , so out of desperation rowdy had called sayer and asked her to take both of them in until i got home .
she was laughing about it now because even though she might not like showing up late , she never told me no when i turned all my amorous attention onto her , which i did a lot since i had moved her into my place almost as soon as she had unpacked from her trip to texas .
i love you guys and was really lucky when phil brought me here and i finally found a place where i fit in and belonged . ''
it was n't a great apartment , but it was far from the worst place i had ever lived .
my place had already been broken into twice , a known gangster knew my name and where i lived , and my brother was missing and a convicted criminal was my only hope to find him .
it could only be the kids ; everyone else lately seemed to think breaking and entering was the best way to get inside my place .
my next shift at the restaurant was in a couple days and i would just ask brysen if i could hang out at her place for a while .
i ' m not sure how long i 'll have to stay with you , but my place just is n't safe . ''
when he asked how dovie liked the remodel of her place , it literally took every ounce of self - control i had not to break all his teeth in .
i was going to have to swing by my place in the city and grab some stuff if i was going to be hanging out in the burbs for the foreseeable future , and she was just going to have to deal with me trying to drag her out of her prickly shell .
i ' m not running around with her , benny trashed her place and is hounding her trying to find race .
while i contemplated what to say back , like he could sense my unease across the space that separated us , he sent me : i ' m headed back to my mom 's place .
i went by my place in the city to grab some stuff .
i know you hate my guts , but did you really think i was going to throw your ass behind bars and not make sure you had a place to go when you got out ? ''
it looked like a normal person lived there , not like a place that was used primarily for sex and sleep .
you think moving to a place with a different zip code made everything else just go away and turned me into a different person ?
i looked around the sad little apartment and realized it was the last place i wanted to be .
leave it to dovie , to sweet , strong , unbreakable dovie , to take this place and turn it into what it was always meant to be ... a home .
instead of just the bare - bones furniture i had left , the place was now decorated .
she was here , she had given me a place to call home , and she was going into it wide - eyed , with no illusions about who she was going to be crawling into bed with each night .
then my mom told me she and my dad were going over to her sister 's place in dove lake for dinner and they 'd just end up spending the night and did i want to come ?
could he crash at my place ?
` ` or should i come over to your place ? ''
returning to ian 's place after he wrote ` ` fuck you '' on the papers seems like a lost cause .
i should be back at ian 's place instead of here , one neighborhood over , mooning over stuff i wo n't ever be able to afford .
` ` any chance you have another place i could rent out ?
` ` think i 'd be here in this shithole if i had some other place to live ? ''
` ` found a new place yet ? ''
that place you live in now , christ- '' he rubs the back of his neck , one hand on his hip pushing his jacket back and exposing his shirt clad flat stomach .
be at your place in thirty . ''
malcolm shoves me back , and i feel like we are adolescents again living in a tiny two bedroom apartment in queens , not too far from his current place , arguing about who gets to play the next game of sonic .
sophie understood that it was easier to sell if it looked like people were living here instead of a sterile staged place that could n't get off the market for some hidden reason . ''
this place is so nice that stainless steel is too down - market .
` ` long enough for you to find your own place .
` ` i ca n't believe he 's having trouble moving this place .
malcolm paid off my back rent , provided me the first and last month for the apartment , and promised to do the same when i found a new place so long as i worked it off . ''
shaking my head , i wonder briefly why anyone who is able to live in such a gorgeous place would need anything malcolm is selling .
she also had belongings at central towers , a place where she and her mom had lived temporarily before her mom passed away four weeks ago .
my mom was always accepting of the way i had compensated , and since i 'd had a job and a place to live , learning to read and write better never actually occurred to me .
` ` i was outside your place .
no , i would n't ever kick tiny out of my place .
` ` nice place you have here . ''
so when quinton called me up , asking for a place to crash this summer , i said okay without much hesitation .
and i ' m happy he found his sanctuary , the place that makes him feel whole without being jacked up on heroin and methamphetamine .
as soon as she 's out of sight , nova says , ` ` are you guys going to be okay with this place ? ''
` ` oh , looks like we have the place to ourselves .
it 's like a tornado swept through the place and scattered all of our cooking supplies everywhere , and in the middle of it , right on the stove , it left a single apple pie , all golden and crispy .
the place i ' m living in is a real dive , but being extravagant is n't an option anymore .
` ` i was just doing it as a side job ... you know , to save up so i can hopefully one day get my own place . ''
it 's not the first time the two of them have spent the summer apart , but i guess it 's getting to the point where they 're committed enough that one of them should go with the other , or they should just get a place here .
as we pass by average - looking houses , i wonder what kind of place quinton 's living in .
i have an idea , since i saw the place he lived in a year ago : a trailer in a very run - down trailer park that had a lot of druggies living in it .
there are a few neighbors outside in their yards and driveways , and one of them , a heavier guy with a visor on his head , watches us like we 're about to rob the place .
it 's a nice place , clean carpet , tile floors , with two bedrooms and two bathrooms .
` ` so i ' m guessing the place he 's living in is n't fancy , if he even lives in a place ... i ' ve already thought of this but i still want to go - i need to know , lea , i need to know what happened to the guy that made me feel things again ... '' she offers me a sympathetic smile as she pushes the car into reverse .
` ` so this is our place , '' tristan says , switching the bag of ice to his other hand as he weaves between the two old sofas , then he gestures at the person on one of them .
* * * i do n't say much to her on the ride back to my place , but she talks lightly about music , how she 's been playing again , and i love hearing her talk that way .
` ` i still hate going over there , though , because it 's so terrifying ... his place .
nova asks , with a baffled look on her face at the sight of the dated motel that i found one day when tristan and i were looking for a place to crash after we got caught shoplifting and had to find a quick place to hide .
` ` is lea the girl who was with you the first day you showed up at my place ? ''
a small weight lifts from my shoulders as he climbs inside , but it 's back by the time we 're back to his place and he hops out before i even get the car to a full stop and without saying good - bye .
the entire place looks like it 's about to collapse .
then he goes back up to his place and i wait until he 's inside before i take out my phone and angle it at my face .
by the time we arrive at my place , i ' m sweating , panting , my hands split open where i stabbed my nails into them , and i ca n't feel my mouth from grinding my jaw .
the entire place is trashed , even more than it normally is .
i can barely walk myself and i end up going to nancy 's , since it 's close and she 's a somewhat decent person and i know she 'll probably let us crash at her place , although i ' m sure we 'll owe her for it .
there 's a pot steaming on the stove in the kitchen and a pile of dirty dishes in the sink and it reminds me a lot of our place .
i do n't have any money , any drugs , any place to live .
i 'd just be giving her a reason to keep coming around to this place , seeing me , dragging herself down .
i sigh , preparing myself to give lea a speech about how we 'd really be helping tristan by giving him a place to stay .
then we 're driving up the gravel path toward the highway , leaving the rehab center behind in the distance , the place that for the last couple of months protected me from the world and the pain linked to it .
` ` does it really even matter what the address is when the place is n't even there anymore ? ''
i ' m glad my dad and i finally talked and everything , but i still have the huge problem of finding a place and saying good - bye to this home and all the memories it carries .
` ` my dad 's moving to virginia in like a week and i have no place to stay because he 's selling our house . ''
you 'd have a place to live while we 're on the road and when you 're here you can stay at my place , until you 're ready to get a place of your own . ''
you 'd have a place to live while we 're on the road and when you 're here you can stay at my place , until you 're ready to get a place of your own . ''
you 'd have a place to live while we 're on the road and when you 're here you can stay at my place , until you 're ready to get a place of your own . ''
and it 's because of you that i ' ve stayed in this place and that i want to continue to stay in this place . ''
and it 's because of you that i ' ve stayed in this place and that i want to continue to stay in this place . ''
it puts a smile on my face , remembering what it was like when my own place was being built .
of getting our own place someday .
i ' ve dreamed of having a house that has a roof that does n't leak , a place that i could call my own .
i force a smile as i drop my bag onto the orange carpet and take a look around at the place that 's going to be my new home .
i should go up to my place and clean up my act like trace said , but i am a druggie , and i think with my addiction .
did he show up at your place and ... attack you ? ''
but it 's been two months since i left luke and the apartment that felt more like a home to me than any other place i ever lived .
no , you 'll probably need to stop by ... your place , right ?
he keeps saying we and i know i should be grateful , that i have a place to live with people who care about me , but it 's scaring me at the same time .
those lips have explored almost every inch of me and right now , i 'd way rather be back at our place , dressed in my ' halloween costume ' with his mouth all over me , than getting ready to fill my stomach full of food i ca n't even pronounce the names of .
when i explain to him why , he suggests that they can bring over a pizza and we can eat at my place .
seth and greyson are out for the night so we have the place to ourselves and i agree to my dad 's offer .
' that he was thinking about starting next semester at the university of wyoming and wondered if it 'd be okay if he crashed with us for a few days when he got out here , until he found a place to live .
i guess he found out where i lived and started hitchhiking to my place .
my roommate is gone so we have the place to ourselves , which usually i 'd take advantage of by exploring every inch of callie 's body , but today my head 's in the weird place .
' and actually i was thinking we could pick up takeout and then go hangout at our place . '
' yeah , we actually just got our own place right before i headed out here . '
i ' m not at my place , though , so it 'll take me just a little bit longer .
there are pieces of furniture and boxes everywhere , but it feels like we ' ve made progress toward turning this place into a home .
but i ca n't help thinking of dylan 's place and all the pictures they have up on the wall - a life , and a good one .
' it 'll make this place not just an apartment , but a home . '
the girl had moved out of her palace and found a new place to live - a new life for herself where she was n't constantly haunted by the memories of the monster .
sometimes , the mental math at this place was depressing .
` ` there 's a party at my place on saturday after the game , '' april said , snapping me out of my thoughts .
instead , i relayed what i 'd seen in the dream , the images that i 'd pulled from maddy 's mind of the place she 'd been staying .
if things had gone differently , i might have grown up in maddy 's place , attacked and raised by a killer who stripped away everything that made me a person , everything that made me me .
callum was my guardian on paper , but it was ali who fed and clothed me , ali who 'd set up this studio so that i could have a place that was purely mine , away from the constant pull of the pack , and ali who would ground me quicker than callum could say my full name if she thought for a single second that i deserved it .
he 's joining us right after breakfast , and then the two of you are going back to his place . ''
` ` but i do have a place . ''
` ` sykes 's place . ''
their place was cute for the two of them .
when i unlocked the door , the first thing i noticed was that the place was even cuter on the inside .
he seemed so happy as we walked back to his place .
by the time we pulled up at his place , he could n't take my silence anymore .
i focused on packing up my things and prepared to move into my new place .
they had a place to live and parents that could help them .
when we arrived back at his place , he leaned over and pulled me into a deep kiss .
with the plan that i had in mind , it was important that my place stay the way it was until the time was right .
- r meet me tomorrow at my place .
we finished eating and headed back to his place .
after we were done , stosh started driving us back to his place .
` ` it will be nice when we have our own place to be able to enjoy things like this whenever we want . ''
the next few weeks were going to be hectic as stosh would be looking for a new job and a place for us to live .
with the soon arrival of the rest of the mitchell clan , noah had me doing extra work around his parent 's place to prepare for the large amount of people that would be coming into town for the wedding shower .
the annoying wet clothes left a smile on my face as i traveled back to my place , because i knew the reason they were still soaked was worth any lost amount of time .
she 'd obviously walked all the way to my place in the middle of the night .
when she did i started walking us back to my place .
we hurried out of the trailer and made our way to my place .
it was nice to be able to get off work and head straight to her place to see her , and even better to be welcomed by her beautiful smile .
you 're our only child , so we wanted to leave you with something you 'd treasure , instead of our old place .
what started in the truck , ended up back at her place .
` ` i seen a car parked outside your place this mornin ' . ''
i stopped by my place to grab something to eat and check on bells .
i chuckled as i explained the plan to her while we drove a golf cart to my place .
my mother came rushing to my side while i was climbing on the golf cart to head back to my place and pack my bags .
` ` i 'll find a place to call home .
hell , i do n't even have a place to live .
first i needed to find a place that i could call home .
i figured we could grab a bite to eat and find a place to stay tonight .
all sexual innuendos aside , he 'd saved my ass more than once , and also paid for my meals , and had given me a place to sleep .
i have my own place . ''
once we knew she was settled , we headed back to my place .
she was getting ready to bring me to your place . ''
she said nothing as we started our trek to my place .
` ` can we go back to your place ?
my stay there was only until my album was cut , and then i 'd be on my own , making plenty of money to have means to find a place to stay .
to be honest , it was the only place i 'd ever felt completely safe .
on that night , exactly six months after my heart had been torn to pieces , and i 'd written off women , my dad stopped by my place unannounced .
my six months probationary period was over in my contract , and it was time for me to get my own place .
they 're stayin ' at our place tonight .
since she had no place to go , my parent 's put her up in one of their rentals in town .
we went to the doctor 's appointments together and started preparing my place for our son 's home coming .
she 'd wanted me to keep the house , hoping that one day i would raise jacob in it , or use the money to get a place close to where we lived now .
we dressed in skimpy clothes and showed up at his place . ''
luckily , my sister offered to take him and let me stay at her place , while i waited for heather to wake up .
i think that she did n't expect me to have moved all of her things into my place , but that 's what i did .
hopefully , after time , i 'd be able to afford a place closer to jessie so that we could go back to our original agreement .
jessie , you took me in because i did n't have any place to go .
we 're staying at their place . ''
even though there was n't any other homes around my place , it was still a bit chilly .
karen had also offered her house , but my parents wanted miranda and conner to always have a place to come with all of their kids .
what if they have booze and pills all over the place ?
` ` without a place to go , zeke moved me into one of his houses .
when we arrived back at his place , everything seemed to go back to normal .
she and lucy ended up staying for anther hour before they went back to their place .
i need my family to have a place of our own .
he did n't give the guy any real details involving us , just basically that he had a friend in trouble that needed a place to crash .
the family ran this bed and breakfast , so i acted like i was just looking for a place to stay .
have you told him why you ended up at his parent 's place ? ''
once i had them all situated , i took the golf cart back to my place to get amy .
we were pretty far away from my place , so colt drove us in one of the ranch trucks .
if i had a place to go , i would have left already . ''
when i did leave , i would be without a job and a place to live .
` ` i want to be with you , conner , i ' m not going to lie about it anymore , but right now i do n't have a place to go .
a few months was what i needed to get my shit together and give her a place to go .
i tried to think back on what had happened , but it was all a blank after i left heather 's place .
i thought about her coming to stay with me , but with my family crowding in and rick expecting her to come to me , she needed a place where he would n't go .
` ` she needs a place to stay until i get us a place together .
` ` she needs a place to stay until i get us a place together .
i know she did it to make it easier on us , but my mother and ty 's parents went up to the main house and karen and john went back to her place .
colt and van usually stayed at her parents place in town , unless we had a late night of drinking , in which they would just spend the night .
he opted to stay at our place since we had a shipment of cattle that had just arrived .
just living under the same roof as them made me work even harder to get our place done .
once we finished we met them at their place .
when i went to stay at his family 's place for my own safety , i ended up living with ty right away .
if you need a place to stay tonight you know where to find me .
i waved to conner and i pulled out of the driveway and headed for heather 's place .
` ` ty left these the night he stayed at my place . ''
if miranda wanted to live in kentucky , and she did n't want me anymore , i would have to find a place there so that i could at least be close to them .
since she thought i was living out of a motel , it was always her idea to go there , but one night i finally got her to take me to her place . ''
savanna and i drove one of the golf carts back to our place and conner and aunt karen did the same and headed to their place .
savanna and i drove one of the golf carts back to our place and conner and aunt karen did the same and headed to their place .
us guys came back to my place to a tray of lasagna and a fridge full of beer .
i knew that was n't the only sex we would be having , besides , there was n't anyone sleeping at our place .
` ` i was thinkin ' maybe i could come visit ya 'll at your place sometime soon .
we invited them to stay at our place , but we knew they would be more comfortable at the main house .
` ` you should have seen when he came out to our place for that one week .
we hopped on the golf cart and rode toward my aunt karen 's place .
i know you are worried , but if he is at your place he does n't have access to the things he has here .
then he and bella went for a ride on the golf cart , before everyone headed over to our place .
i do n't know whether it was his pep talk or the cold air hitting me in the face , but we both hopped into the truck and headed back to my place to get the bag that savanna had gotten together for her hospital stay .
even with van moving into colt 's place and them having dinner at least three nights a week here , it just was n't the same .
i did n't even think to turn around until i heard a crying sound entering my place .
` ` i think we will just take our things to your parents place . ''
when she reached the small little hallway she realized how tiny the place was .
i have never seen her before and she is clearly staying at your place . ''
when he asked me to dance , i glanced over and saw that ty was with the girl who had been at his place the other night .
` ` take me back to your place and show me how much , '' i taunted him .
instead of going home , colt and van invited everyone back to their place .
as long as i am here , you have a place to stay .
` ` van , this is colt 's parents place .
you have to drive to his place . ''
i walked into his office feeling confident that i could pretend to live happy with my husband , until i figured out another way to be able to afford both the lawyer and a new place to call home , that would have enough room for all three of my children .
you 're still going to need to figure out a way to secure a place for you and your children to live . ''
how in the hell was i going to be able to work off my attorney fees and have a job to save up for a place , without anyone finding out ?
i sat downstairs and made a chart of how long i 'd have to work to be able to afford a place of my own .
i 'd need a place to call home , even if it had to be fixed up in time .
eli offered to give me ten grand to get me into a place of my own , and start over without having to sell my body .
i ' ve been trying to find a way to get a place , for all of us to be able to start over .
the kids and i will be moving out of this house and getting our own place .
i looked forward to doing it more , especially when school was over and we could buy a place of our own .
just being inside of a place so dilapidated made me need to take a shower .
one thousand and forty - six dollars later , i was stuffing my savings account into my purse and praying it would last me until i could find work and a place to call home .
it used to be for our farm help to live in , but he 's got his own place now .
i even have a place to rent already .
finding a place to lay my head and a job to make money was only half of my battle .
i 'd never lived in a place so small , and appreciated the importance of it .
he was released two weeks later , in which i 'd already moved his things into my place , since it was easier for dave to come over and help me with getting him up .
nearly a month went by and i had n't gotten a reply , but i also had n't moved into the new place yet .
while this place lacks the feeling of home , i find peace knowing that you 're out there somewhere thinking about me too .
` ` i ' m goin ' to stay at my place tonight . ''
he 's going to get a bigger place so he can start keeping her overnight and ... '' i felt something hitting the back of my head and my face slammed into the table .
i want to feel it again ; that connection that took us to places neither of us knew existed . ''
so , do you want me to head over to your place when i get off ? ''
i ' m thinkin ' about gettin ' my own place . ''
` ` if you came to my place , you would n't have to work .
we sat there , quietly eating until my mother started talking about a place to rent .
` ` so , as i was sayin ' , ford 's got a nice place with that new girlfriend of his .
` ` if i do miss you , i 'll come stay at your place . ''
` ` this is why you need your own place .
i was thinkin ' about gettin ' my own place .
i was about to move into a place of my own .
i walked back to my bike and got it started up , while watching her walk back into my cousin 's place .
deciding that walking inside of their place would only make sky want to punch me more , i went back into my apartment and closed the door .
she seemed interested , so we went back to her place .
` ` i finally got my own place . ''
` ` are you planning on having me over to your place anytime soon , joey ? ''
chapter 6 i 'd been living in my place for a while and still had n't had a woman over .
i could n't explain the things were running through my mind , but i knew i had to get her out of my place so i could figure things out alone .
i went to say something , but my mother came barging out of my place with the look of horror on her face .
my mom had made it clear that i was to stay and show everyone my new place , but i was too curious not to check things out .
i grabbed a case of beer and used it as an excuse to go over to their place , but just as i was walking out of my apartment , i spotted shayne walking in theirs .
` ` let 's just go back to your place . ''
` ` when i left she was at my place .
lacey had made it clear that she did n't want anything to do with me , but she had n't left my place .
i could n't believe you moved in to this place . ''
once she left my place , i could figure out how to let her see me with someone else .
with a brown bag in my hand , i walked into my place .
` ` just go back to your place .
it only took me a second to lock up my place and climb on my bike .
instead of wooing her back to my place , i was getting shot down .
ford was going to be pissed , but i went over to his place and told sky i could n't find my phone .
she gave me hers to take over to my place and look for it .
considering that they 'd ordered a pizza , and i was starving , i knew i 'd be over their place eventually .
considering that when i 'd moved into my place i freaked out when someone else came over , it made no sense .
` ` if i want a lecture , i can stop by your place .
she 'd pretend she wanted to spend the weekend with sky , but would end up at my place the entire time .
the job was going to last from six months to a year and i 'd have a place to live that was fully furnished .
since i 'd already asked my brother to stay at my place until i came back or the lease ended , he was there for the conversation too .
` ` i ' m goin ' to stay at his place until he comes back . ''
do you mind if i follow you back to your place to get it ? ''
i swallowed the lump in my throat and thought about lacey being at my place waiting for me .
it was n't like i could drive over to her place and set things straight .
get off your ass and get your own place . ''
at some point sky and ford had come back outside and went to my place and neither of us even noticed .
i say we take this party to our place and let joey get some rest . ''
we talked for a while after that , and all that kept popping up in the back of my mind was how i did n't want any woman in my bed or even coming over to my place .
there was one place that i lived where i had to wear the same outfit to school all week , because the family used my government money to serve their heroin addiction .
` ` you got a place to stay kid ? ''
they almost always had their own place and with just a little bit of fake swooning would provide food , sex , a place to sleep and sometimes even laundry services .
they almost always had their own place and with just a little bit of fake swooning would provide food , sex , a place to sleep and sometimes even laundry services .
sure , the pictures of ireland were still hung around the place and all of the furniture was the same as when i left , but a picture of the boy sat next to the register .
of course , it was n't exactly a great place to raise a kid , but with no other options and not enough money to afford another place , we had to make due .
of course , it was n't exactly a great place to raise a kid , but with no other options and not enough money to afford another place , we had to make due .
you going to crash at my place ? ''
` ` just take them home , i 'll walk back to your place when i ' m done . ''
for the past two nights , someone has tried to break in this place .
the tavern was locked up and our place was locked up .
he probably needed a place to crash and figured that helping me was like paying rent .
i was n't about to brag about moving into her place , where i 'd probably never get pu**y at all .
tippy agreed to let me leave my car at his place , but drop off my bag of clothes .
i 'd left a bunch of shit at joker 's place when i moved out and figured that it was probably somewhere in a box .
the places that i lived were terrible and i guess i just put up a wall .
i have no idea who he is and , since he is n't around and i did n't have a job , or a place to live , i moved in here and the rest is history . ''
have you even told him that you have another guy staying at your place ? ''
what kind of person drives from city to city and has no place to call home ?
i most certainly did n't move into their place or want to spend more than a day with just one girl .
when i opened the door , i had no idea that a chick would be sitting there on the couch , like she owned the place .
we can get another place to stay and work on jobs once we 're settled .
when i ' m done with my father , you 're not going to have to worry about ever losing this place again . ''
i think my place became their little weekend getaway .
my mother and i needed money to get our own place .
i liked being on the force and putting away criminals , but where we lived before just was n't a place to raise a little girl .
there was no sense of even having the four bedrooms that the place had .
i was about twenty minutes from my aunt 's place when the tractor - trailer came into view .
the rest of my afternoon consisted of a six pack of beer and a million excuses of how i could get out of going over to sue 's place .
chapter 6 vessa the accident set me back , but gave me time to help the kids get adjusted to living in a new place .
i 'd asked him to hold off on telling them , but apparently the girl had no place to go .
i mean , not only had i been at his place , but also we 'd kissed .
she probably just needed me to fix something around her place .
she spat out a few other profanities on the way back to my place .
once i was parked in front of my place , i proceeded to get her out of the backseat .
when i pulled up at ramsey 's place , all of the lights were turned off .
` ` come back to my place with me .
after getting inside his place , i took off my shoes and just stood there .
i felt abandoned as i watched him walk out of his place .
i had to smile , just hearing the mention of her being at my place .
` ` what street is your friend 's place on ? ''
he watched me until i reached the door to my friend 's place ; he honked and pulled away when i waved back .
the place she 'd been staying at was n't even a real dwelling .
i took a deep breath before i opened the old farm door to my father 's place .
` ` i have no place to go . ''
he let me stay at his place and promised to go to his father 's house on the same property .
when i went back to pick up my car , his ex was at his place .
since seeing my parents made me uncomfortable , i headed back to my place .
she called me constantly and often ended up at my place , sometimes so drunk that i could n't let her drive home .
shayne forced my hand and by the time i got back to my place , i just wanted to drown myself in alcohol .
` ` in that case , i need to get you back to my place as quick as possible . ''
ford the drive back to my place seemed to take forever .
shortly after that , we left the diner and headed back to my place .
i grabbed sky and we walked back to my place before he could say anything else about it .
when we got into my dad 's place , i led her upstairs , still saying nothing .
thankfully , we made it back to his place in one piece .
even though we 'd made it back to his place , we did n't exactly get out of the truck .
i let him grab me out of the truck , but he flipped me over his shoulder and started carrying me like that up the stairs to his place .
if i would have just stayed at her place i would n't be trying to run away from the truth now .
she ai n't goin ' to let that happen if i ' ve got no place to live and no job .
after getting back to my place , i headed straight to my father 's to give him a piece of my mind .
according to lacey , they were looking for a bigger place to raise their child .
i still could n't get used to being in a bed and hearing my phone , since i had no service at my place .
even ford would have no place to live .
pack your shit and be out of my place before i come home . ''
` ` i told her to get her shit out of my place .
i wondered if ford had considered that they were being forced out of the last place his sister lived before she died .
with nothing saved and only the clothes on our backs , how were we supposed to find a new place to live ?
he and i could move into a new place and start something without so much baggage .
having my own place would have allowed me to avoid him for as long as possible .
the girls did n't live on campus , but their place was n't too far off the grid .
knowing that he had no furniture in his place , i wondered what he was doing .
following his moving in , he made a point to pop in to ford and sky 's place every weekend , making sure i knew where i could find him , if i was ever ready to admit that i wanted him .
he was inside of his place , with the door cracked .
my drive to his new place was difficult .
he told him he has to move out and get his own place before he brings a child into the world .
it was n't that i did n't expect that outcome , but i also had n't planned on having to look for a new place to live .
his electronics were organized and the place looked spotless all of the time .
it was like nothing else mattered ; not finding a place to live or figuring out what i was going to do until all of this blew over .
figuring that she 'd be back at ford 's place , i knocked on their door .
` ` shit hit the fan this week at my place .
annie climbed off of me and walked into the kitchen like she owned the place .
` ` get dressed and come over to our place .
once we got to her place and i got in her guest bed , it all hit me .
i needed a place to live , because i could n't stay with boner or any of my other friends without owing them something .
i had n't found us a place and i certainly was n't about to live happily ever after with ashley .
how long do you need to move in your new place ? ''
all of the furniture from my old place was in storage and ash only brought her bedroom set .
` ` i moved into my new place .
` ` it 's nice to hear your voice and i ' m really glad that you got your own place . ''
my heart was beating so fast and i felt like i was going to pass out as he grabbed my hand and led me inside his place .
` ` this is your sister 's place ? ''
i wanted my phone to ring ; for him to beg me to come back to his place so we could talk about being together .
jamey 's living at his brother 's place now .
when he asked me to stay at his place until the lease ended , i moved in the next day .
she said there 's a coffee shop right across from his place . ''
on a friday , i drove to her place , planning on spending the night .
the other was that if we were to break up i 'd have a place to live .
i also took on more hours at the diner to stay busy and make extra money to be able to afford a place on my own .
the place they were staying in was owned by her family , and it had plenty of room for me to stay out of their way .
her family comes a few times a year to stay at their place . ''
` ` i moved into my brother 's old place , and picked up more shifts at the diner to pay the bills .
when i knew he 'd left me all alone i got up and started walking back to our place .
it would explain why jamey was all over the place , and also why he 'd pushed me away so abruptly at the police station .
` ` you know , my new place has two bedrooms .
it put less stress on peyton , who 'd scrubbed every corner of our place several times .
you can imagine how reluctant i was to leave the only place i 'd ever called home .
we 'd always had a place to crash when we came .
as upset as i was about what parker and i were doing , as compulsive as the decision had been , i honestly felt like we were going to be okay staying at this place .
the old area rugs had been replaced with two new ones , and the place smelled fresh .
not that i do n't appreciate your family giving us this place to stay , because i most certainly do . ''
i was n't too far that i could n't still work for my dad and uncle to save up , so that we could find a place that we could raise our child in .
` ` you 'll find your own place there sooner or later .
` ` wel , the mountains around the ski resort are one of the places they live .
my sister set me up with a place to live , and a job that would last me at least a year .
they had the nerve to call me a street thug and a common criminal on several attempts that i 'd made to visit her at their place of residence .
my sister had barged in my place three times during the day .
` ` well , can we just go back to your place ? ''
i promise i just need a place to crash .
once the sale is finalized , i 'll find a place to rent .
i was standing outside my place leaning against the wall when i happened to see a light upstairs come on .
he never let go of my hand as he led me across the patio and inside his place .
` ` we can wait until they go to bed at night and i 'll sneak over to your place , or we could just go out somewhere when we know they 're staying home . ''
i finished painting the posts on the front and back of the house , and headed to my place to shower .
i headed out toward my place .
oh my gosh , did you even find a new place yet ? ''
he made me promise that once a week i would come over to his place and have dinner with him and my mother .
i ' ve saved up some money , at least enough to get a place and be able to pay for a few months until i can find a job here .
i ran up to my room to get chance 's present ready , while he ran out to his place to get mine .
this place probably wo n't be big enough , so we 're going to need at least a two bedroom apartment .
y' all can come back to our place if you want to party .
since their new home was built only through the woods from our parent 's house , it was the easiest way of getting to and from each place without having to start up a truck or car .
` ` it 's getting late , and we 're miles from your place .
between my sobs and the fact that even my safe place was n't enough , i thought about going back to my house .
i coasted every street from my place to hers with no sight of her anywhere .
with no sign of her back at my place i was left to sit awake all night , both annoyed and worried at the same time .
` ` i know where you live , but you 're coming back to my place until you listen to me . ''
why ca n't we talk at my place ? ''
i ' m certain she 's probably back at her place by now .
otherwise you 'll end up looking for another place to stay for the rest of the semester . ''
` ` i left your place , and i was so mad at myself .
he was adamant about me staying at his place , but i declined .
he 'd just be arriving back to his place , but i knew he 'd turn around to come get me .
better yet , maybe we should head back to your place and forget about this . ''
ethan did n't speak on the ride back to his place ; even if he had i did n't hear him .
i did n't say much in the car on the ride back to my place .
little did she know that my place was back at home .
i waited nearly twenty minutes before deciding to pull out of the parking lot to head back to my place .
` ` he showed up at my place , called my phone constantly , and waited for me outside the club .
the few months originally promised had turned into a year , and connor still made no attempt to get his own place .
time his brother got his own place and moved out .
silly to keep schlepping my stuff back and forth , and his place is so much bigger and near the hospital .
nate really needed his own place in order to cultivate an intimate , serious relationship .
how about we walk to my place ?
not too girly , and the place held a lot of character , from the crooked steps that led up to an open - air loft / attic , claw - footed tub in the bathroom , and large cape cod windows with shutters .
let 's go to my place so i can show you how much . ''
` ` i stopped by his new place .
unless you 'd like a tour of my new place ?
` ` we 'll swing by your place so you can throw on a pair of jeans .
` ` i like your place , '' he stated .
` ` the one i met at your place ?
maybe he 'd invite her back to his place and text his brother to leave .
listen , why do n't we skip dessert and head back to my place after dinner ?
her feet are dirty from both gomes ' place and the unpaved roads .
their time in captivity fucks them up so bad that they fall back into the trade either because their families wo n't take them in , they need to fund their newly acquired drug habit , or they do n't have any other place to go .
` ` we also need a place to stay tonight . ''
pereya has sold me ammunition and given me a place to stay .
inside , i was fed regularly , clothed , and given a place to sleep .
but this afternoon , i was at my best friend 's place , where i caught her being kissed long and hard by her guy , a kiss so long and hot , he was murmuring sexy stuff to her the whole time , telling her he loved her , in a voice that was deep and tender , and i wanted to cry .
now he 's on the wrong side of the door , shutting it behind him like he owns my place .
suddenly my place smells like leather , like forest , and greyson freaking king stands there looking like he does , confident , self - contained , his presence somehow demanding all my attention .
` ` this place was your home .
i was going to steal into his place at midnight , blackmail and harass him for payment , so that by tomorrow , i 'd be able to fly back to her .
so i destroyed my place .
the apartment is a place a guy who bags groceries could not afford , but he 's my dad .
he would n't let me get him anything near to what we used to live in , but this place was a compromise that both of us were comfortable with .
` ` how the mighty have fallen , '' he mumbles as he watches me look at his place .
she moved in with him while they planned the wedding , living there just long enough to put her stamp on the place .
` ` whoever entered my aunt 's house and installed that padlock had , at the very least , broken into the place . ''
` ` one night after a case i invited him to my place .
aunt vella held me in her arms while the men from jandj tore the place apart .
after the rainbow closed for the evening , wayne and petra stayed with grace at milly 's place while he went to get the vehicle .
my cottage in eclipse bay is not much bigger than this place . ''
i drove straight to her place .
` ` are you sure i ca n't convince you to stay at mom and dad 's place ? ''
` ` so is my place , '' jake said .
` ` i 'll take you home to my place .
we 're at his place . ''
if you need a place to stay , you can damn well come over here . ''
` ` the problem is , she does n't want to go to your place .
but he decided to give the place a quick going - over before moving into the bedroom wing .
` ` but he was watching my place , waiting for an opportunity to collect clare and me to cart us off to the spa .
` ` before we take this any further , '' he said , ` ` there 's something you should- '' ` ` i 'll need a place to stay , '' she said .
` ` light 's on at her place .
she had agreed , thinking he intended to take her home to her place .
she had been struggling with the big question of whether she should make a truly bold move , maybe invite him in and offer him tea , when she had finally noticed that they were headed for his place , not hers .
` ` did you go back to his place or your place ? ''
` ` did you go back to his place or your place ? ''
want to go back to my place and look at my stress - reduction videos ? ''
` ` did you buy this place furnished ? ''
they had driven back to her place in her car .
` ` how about i spend the nights at your place and then we both walk back here for breakfast every morning ?
` ` she seemed right at home at your place last night , '' deke offered very casually .
there 's a possibility that i might get asked to spend the night at her place .
i should have had ed drop me at my place . ''
if you do n't want me to sleep here , we can go back to my place . ''
it was just one more thing to jot down on the list of vital necessities that he intended to pick up at his place sometime today .
` ` that 'll give me plenty of time to go back to my place , check in with wrench and change into some fresh clothes . ''
they were parked in the trees behind the abandoned cottage , not far from alex rhodes 's place .
` ` it 's been nearly forty minutes since we left them both at her place .
and i do n't have room at my place . ''
the whole place was a smoldering fire waiting to go up in flames .
i wondered if you were headed for my place .
like her , nick was looking for a place he could call home , a place where he belonged .
like her , nick was looking for a place he could call home , a place where he belonged .
she was looking for a place to call home .
i do n't have any place to sleep .
my interior designer used him for a lot of the pieces she put into this place . ''
they spent the nights together at her place .
` ` no place like home . ''
her cottage was just barely visible on the same side of the river as colby 's place , specter , having given up on the possibility of getting any more potato chips , was sprawled behind her on a sun - warmed rock .
ill come out to your place in the afternoon .
as i said , i was going to invite myself to your place for dinner ... '' ` ` as usual ? ''
come over to my place tonight .
he had insisted on driving her home and intended to walk back to his place .
` ` going back to your place to play chaperon ? ''
` ` i suppose you should be getting back to your place .
brandon and robyn will be worried about us , though '' ` ` they 'll probably assume i got caught at your place in the storm and decided to spend the night . ''
to tell you the truth , things are a little tense over at my place .
` ` diana , you 're coming over to my place for the night .
diana sent the resumes off with a silent prayer for good luck and headed her compact car back across the bridge toward aunt jesse 's place .
` ` this place does n't look like it 's changed a bit , '' he added as he lowered himself onto the faded upholstery of a heavy armchair .
some gal who did n't want marriage but who 'd be will - in ' to keep my place clean , fix my dinner every night and hit the sack with me whenever i felt like havin ' a little fun .
your place is nicer than mine .
keep her in a shed i got out back of my place .
she finally steered the vehicle to the fork , where the narrow road leading to her place split off and took the turn .
like i said , it 's going to be a long walk back to your folks ' place . ''
` ` so , if something were to happen to you between here and your place and your folks found out that i was the last guy to see you , i 'd get the blame , for sure . ''
her family 's summer place was nearly a mile from here , perched over a small , sheltered cove .
and what do you think will happen when word gets out that the two of you are negotiating the details of your aunt 's will over cozy little breakfasts at your folks ' place ? ''
do n't have many nice places for 'em to stay .
` ` i figure you went to her place .
maybe that 's why he tore her place apart that night . ''
you and winston can move in with me here or else i can pack a bag and settle in at your place .
i 'll drive you back to your place and give you a hand with the packing . ''
the institute sent an agent to break into my place a week or so after kaitlin 's death .
what if a patrol car goes past his place while you 're inside and you 're spotted ?
i ' m going to stay at my family 's place in eclipse bay for a while , that 's all . ''
it continued past her parents ' summer place and beyond dreamscape , to terminate at sundown point , the bay 's southern boundary .
he can stay at mitchell 's place for a couple of days , at least until mitchell gets back from hawaii .
if i had coffee and toast and maybe some peanut butter , i 'd invite you to my place . ''
lillian had walked to his place .
` ` your family 's place is n't far from here . ''
i practically had to get down on my knees and plead with them to come out to my place a couple of weeks ago just to unclog a toilet .
so what if they went back to his place later and made wild , passionate love .
` ` i can meet you at your place . ''
i drove over to his place .
when i leave here , i 'll head for my place and hole up there .
my place is the only safe house in the sector .
let 's go back to your place and get some dinner . ''
they usually leave the place in a mess .
she did not argue when gabe suggested that they go back to his place after dinner .
and that he 's working on the assumption there may be a link to at least one of the break - ins at your place .
but they sure as hell would have paid attention if she had produced some time - and - date - stamped photos of me coming out the back door of your place with a tire iron in my hand . ''
` ` enjoying your stay out at your folks ' place ? ''
` ` look , if this is a problem , we can go back to my place .
` ` you planned to invite me back to your place ? ''
` ` you went back to her place and she kicked you out before eleven o'clock .
nick did n't stay the night at her place . ''
figured you was headin ' back out to your family 's place after spendin ' time with miss brightwell . ''
` ` that does n't explain why he was out at your place until all hours last night . ''
` ` so you kept him there at your place on accounta the high winds ? ''
` ` would you like to come out to my place and have dinner with carson and me tonight ? ''
` ` your grandson spent last night at her place . ''
that and the fact that nick spent the night at your place , of course . ''
his car was seen leaving her place at eight o'clock this morning . ''
but the fact that everyone is talking about how you spent the night at her place is a real problem , i think . ''
` ` if it 's not the fact that everyone is chatting about how i spent the night at your place that 's bothering you , what , exactly , is the problem here ? ''
told fred years ago the place needed a new coat of paint but he kept putting it off on account of he was too damn cheap .
mii might as well have wallpapered the place with money and been done with it .
catalina 's friend and her mother happened to drive past our place on their way to a doctor 's appointment and saw the fire trucks .
he considered his answer while he turned a corner and drove onto the road that would take them back to her place .
why do n't you come to my place for dinner ?
hell , every time i suggested we go away together or spend the night at my place , you came up with some weak excuse about having to work late at the office . ''
i did eventually go to her apartment to help mom and dad pack up her things but by the time we got there the place had been cleaned . ''
` ` i 'll need a place to stay . ''
it had amused him that she wore a swimsuit into the spa bath , even though she had the place to herself .
rick and i have a special guest staying at the spa and we want to take her to dinner at your place .
` ` i 'll never make it back to your place if you keep that up , '' he warned in a husky voice .
since there 's no phone in this cabin , verity , you 're elected to run back to your place and make the call . ''
the lights in her father 's cottage were still on , she noticed as she neared her place .
` ` home to my place . ''
` ` then he really was just a thief or a vagrant looking for a place to spend the night ? ''
a lot of the places she had lived in during her younger years had n't bothered with such niceties .
boy , do i hate places where the bathroom is down the hail .
last night - her first night back in sara 's house - she had discovered that she did not like being alone in the place .
` ` i ' m going over to her place at approximately five - thirty in the evening .
at most , sara 's place would have made a nice little guest house or a residence for a property manager . ''
apparently the entire place had gone to hell while i was asleep .
the same scent i smelled years ago , when i had no place to go and mahon told me i had a home .
my people had crawled over her place , sniffing every inch .
i broke into her place , i kissed her , i ' ve indulged her beyond what any of my people could get away with .
she had broken into my place , messed up my weights , and even put catnip into my bed .
do you know how hard it is to get a place like this to use the grill instead of the heater ? ''
i 'll be at her place for the next few days while severance picks up some mail and arranges some delivery contracts . ''
` ` why do n't you take her back to my place ?
` ` all i have to worry about is getting her to say something coherent when we get to your place .
when the apartment had been emptied out , isabella , together with marge from the cafe , harriet stokes , proprietor of stokes 's grocery , and the innkeepers , violet and patty , scrubbed the place from top to bottom .
the only new furniture in the place was the bed .
` ` when i leave here this morning to go back to my place , someone is sure to see me . ''
tucker must have used his talent to slip into her place and conceal a magic - lantern lightbulb in one of the floor lamps .
` ` grandma warned me not to go to her place if something happened to her because she was afraid they might be watching , waiting for me to show up .
` ` would n't want to have to pay the utilities bill for this place , '' she said .
` ` she inherited this place .
the place had obviously been uninhabited for a very long time , but with luck someone might have left a knife in one of the drawers .
to have my own place .
but we can make sure it is n't too far from my new place .
i ' m going to be in my own place . ''
the other day , kady said they had almost three feet at their place . ''
i had my stock answers down pat : fine , working hard , thinking of a place out east , maybe a doctor but i do n't really know yet .
we 're going to my place .
the original place was a hunting cabin , just this room and the kitchen with a bathroom and bunks where the porch is now .
appleton was only forty minutes from his place .
and i ' m not going to your place . ''
we 'll go watch the stupid fireworks at your place . ''
scanning his own place , he tried to envision what she saw .
toward his place .
i ' m in a ditch , and need a place to stay until i can get a tow truck to pull me out in the morning .
it 's over at my place .
it 's the one place where i felt like i belonged .
though she loved her new place , her mama had n't raised an idiot .
we could go to my place , '' he suggested .
` ` and the knife is at my place .
even such an innocent touch made him want nothing more than to pick her up and carry her back to his place caveman style so he could show her exactly what she 'd been missing all these years .
so hot all she could think about was bringing him back to her place for the night and banging him out of her system .
it looked as if they would have the place to themselves .
let 's go back to your place . ''
` ` park on a dark road because i ' m not waiting until we get to my place . ''
` ` we should probably go back to my place before sheriff holt comes and finds us .
` ` want to get some more closure at my place before you go home to your own bed ?
besides , i have it all here at my place , remember ? ''
and he was actually thinking about moving back to this place ?
they 'd laughed all the way back to her place , until that laughter turned to kisses .
he 'd left the place trashed , yes , with his stupid fight with that lupine , but not this trashed .
` ` make the place good as new . ''
cops were all over your place though . ''
as happy as she could be shacked up with a shifter , and sharing a house with graham 's nephew with confidence problems and two cubs who liked to tear the place down .
i do n't even have a place of my own there .
i walked from settlement to settlement , trying to find a place to fit in , and when i came to east laporte , i was starving .
no money , no place to stay , my clothes were torn up and filthy .
we 'll find you a new place to live , do n't you worry about that .
i can live in a place on my own . ''
you 're trying to figure out your place too .
` ` we 're both carving out a place for ourselves . ''
she finally steered the vehicle to the fork where the narrow road leading to her place split off and took the turn .
their other place was even bigger , a mansion the size of declan and rose 's house , but william and cerise both hated it .
` ` but the camarine castle might not be the best place for you for the next few years , no matter how much declan and rose love you .
she liked her place .
a place where he would be welcome no matter what he 'd done or would do .
` ` we moved a lot , and in every new place , she 'd plant flowers and hang pretty curtains .
they give out flyers , and he gives them a place to stay in his witness camp during the summer at his compound .
it used to be his old family place .
except for a gun tower behind the house and the ring of metal spikes circling the house , which served as anchors for the defensive spells , the place looked like a tropical resort built by a spanish family with unlimited funds .
` ` you see , most of them really have no place to go .
` ` we 'll find our own place to sleep . ''
` ` is there a place we could move to ?
i think that 's why gavan keeps wanting to talk to me - to make me start thinking about my place , and wanting something better . ''
it 's the only place i ' ve ever been happy .
so she did n't know what to make of ronan offering her and mabel a place to sleep , or the shifters surging across town to get mabel out of danger .
` ` this place suits you . ''
lots of knickknacks , no signs of the wear and tear that cropped up in a place where someone actually lived .
he would ' ve preferred a much smaller place and so would she , but this was the only house among casshorn 's holdings that was close enough to declan 's manor .
contrasted with this bright , warm house , her own place suddenly had too many ghosts .
it was a homey place , kept freshly painted , the yard trimmed .
i need a place to stay .
after he left , i went to his place and broke into his study .
diego walked out through the kitchen door to the backyard like he owned the place .
` ` i thought it was come up to my place and see me sometime . ''
` ` you 're already at my place .
diego and xavier had worked out a signal when they 'd moved into their own places years ago .
` ` and we 'll take him to my place .
no human neighbors to wonder why there 's shifters all over your place .
she 'd have to help eric find them places to live and make sure they did n't have too much trouble adapting to collars and to shiftertown - and shiftertown adapting to them .
she 'd found a place where she would never hurt , never fear , never worry - a place she never wanted to leave .
she 'd found a place where she would never hurt , never fear , never worry - a place she never wanted to leave .
then he and cassidy were on the rug , cassidy on top of diego because of his hurt arm , their clothes scattered all over the place .
within a month , you 'll have new places to live . ''
he 'd send jace and shane back to pick up eric 's bike , lock the place up , and go to iona 's house to fetch clothes and whatever for her .
tonight though , me and shane will stay at iona 's place and make sure graham does n't do anything stupid .
` ` still at my place ? ''
the man sat comfortably on the armchair cassidy had brought into jace 's bedroom , leaning back with his feet on the bed like he owned the place .
` ` you do have a place to stay ? ''
carly 's knowledge of police procedure came mostly from television , but she thought that a warrant meant they could come in and search her place legally , whether she liked it or not .
when shifters needed a place to live , the shifter bureau and the city had designated the area exclusively for them .
a good job , a nice place to live , friends i can trust , the right husband - anything to keep me from that feeling of falling with nothing to catch me . ''
you 'll give yourself away as soon as you try to buy food or find a car or a place to sleep .
this place was n't safe .
his own place .
his cottage was tiny and run - down , geordie too unsocial even to hire someone to help him keep up the place .
two doors past that was the hall thomas had set up , where those forced to live on the streets could get a hot meal and a place out of the weather for a little while .
knowing mac roamed the house but not where was rather like having a wasp loose in the place .
all through the afternoon , he moved with fellows 's constables through chancery lane and its environs , beginning with payne 's last known place of residence .
he 'd protect cameron 's horses in exchange for a place to sleep and the occasional money to give to his family .
you 'll always have money and a place to live as my wife .
fortunately the house was big enough to absorb them all plus give mac a place to set up his studio .
` ` i gave her a nominal post with a salary and a place to live , '' hart said .
the castle was a homey place in spite of its bulk , mcpherson warm in spite of his .
he 'd longed to repair the place , he 'd said , for years , but he 'd had no money , and he was n't the sort of laird who 'd force his tenants to work for no pay .
my place was dark and empty .
my place did n't seem safe now .
when two furry , blood - soaked creatures walk into your place , anybody would get alarmed .
i had to take the dog with me and they agreed to it only because i would rather fight the lot of them than let the dog starve to death inside my place .
in his words , ' they 're trying to punk her in her own place . '
he 'd made my place smell like him !
` ` actually , we never lived together in my place .
kate had helped , especially with cutting things , but i wanted my scent all over this place , not hers , which was why she was wrapped in plastic , and i wore a tank top and a pair of capris , sweating and leaving my scent signature on everything .
i had wrapped his pots and pans hanging from the frame identical to the one he had installed at my place .
she and her mother had no other means to live on , no place to go .
the passage above was too narrow for her to bring in much furniture , but she 'd made the place as cozy as she could .
this place really was n't safe for her .
` ` you have a passel of servants downstairs - do n't they clean up the place for you ? ''
i spent the night at my mother 's and then came back to my place .
the whole house - which they 'd moved into just after peter was born and his mother died , events separated only by minutes , a double feature of joy and tragedy that had forever confused that day - was decorated in various shades of green , which had faded over the years to give the place an algae - like feeling , gauzy and faded , like they were living in a long - forgotten shipwreck under the sea .
` ` but no more than any of the other places we ' ve lived .
it had n't just been a place to stay .
` ` seems like a nice place to live . ''
by the time she finished the dishes , cleared some of the debris from the counters , tossed the ball for bagel , and fed him a meal only marginally less appetizing than the dinner options in the fridge , there were just a few more minutes to shower and change and inspect the place before graham was meant to arrive .
ellie had never been to california , but she imagined everything there as sleek and new , about a million miles away from this ramshackle place , the paint worn by the salt from the ocean , the porch sagging from years of wear .
how nice it would be to have a house up here - nothing fancy , just a little cabin set back along the coast , a place to visit when he grew tired of the plastic landscape of los angeles , a way to keep this particular piece of the world with him even after he was gone .
she 'd once spilled an entire container of orange juice on the carpet right where owen was sitting , which had made the whole place stink for days , and another time , when she was little , she 'd drawn her name in green marker on the wall , much to her mother 's dismay .
she 'd always kept things so tidy at home , the counters sparkling and the floors dust - free , and owen was suddenly glad she could n't see this place , with its dim lighting and peeling paint , the mold that caked the spaces between bathroom tiles and the dingy appliances in the kitchen .
his parents seemed to have gotten it out of their system by the time he came along , and they were content to be in one place .
the two of them could drive out west , find some place better suited for them , a place with more sky and fewer people .
they spent the morning preparing mashed potatoes and turnips and cranberry sauce in the cramped kitchen of their rental apartment , a small two - bedroom place with thin walls and a hissing radiator .
after nearly running him over , they 'd fixed him up with a shoe box full of fruit and vegetables for the rest of the drive- '' the luxury suite , '' dad had called it - but now he roamed free around the apartment , occasionally getting wedged beneath the ratty couch that had come with the place .
` ` it was my mother 's place .
` ` our place is up there , '' he said .
at some point they 'd find a town , and in that town , they 'd find a place to live , and near that place , they 'd find a school .
when he saw the place where they 'd soon be living , he could n't help it .
upstairs , tucked in one of his drawers , was the key to the roof of their old building , which meant he did n't need a place to stay .
the place had a hushed quality to it , left on its own all this time with only the occasional cleaning lady for company .
` ` i thought i was perfectly clear yesterday , and the day before that , and the day before that , and all the other days that you ' ve showed up at my place with a present , that i ' m not interested in restarting our relationship . ''
he 'd gotten them for me so i could keep clothes at his place .
we all fell silent until the limo stopped in front of my old place .
he said it did n't feel right taking over my place when he had his own a few miles away .
` ` he never got rid of his place ? ''
` ` i always thought guys were weird with girls leaving their stuff at their places .
` ` hey , back at my place you told me to remind you about a story , '' he said , his tone light and teasing .
boss or not , he did n't get to drop in at my place unexpected like this .
after i made my bed , i stepped back and did a once - over of my place .
` ` he 's packing now , but we 're meeting at his place tonight .
so she knows i 'll be staying at your place while you 're away , right ? ''
i 'd have to figure out what it was so we could keep it stashed at his place .
` ` do you want to go to your place and get it ? ''
if she were anyone but the senator 's daughter , i would be bringing her back to my place so i could show her how to really live .
forget all the reasons i could n't bring her back to my place and spend all night making her scream my name .
i could get used to this place .
movie marathon at my place ?
at my place ?
when i pulled up at my place , i killed the engine and sat there for a second , not moving .
i should be wanting to bring her back to my place so i could f**k her brains out until i forgot all about carrie .
though i had n't thought it through , i 'd brought her back to my place .
` ` just take me up to your place , please . ''
should i get a cab and take her back to my place ?
the cab stopped in front of my place , and i shuffled carrie in my arms so i could reach my wallet .
then i 'll take you both to my place . ''
` ` so , young man , '' she said to nathan as she unwrapped a bandage , ` ` you 're moving us to your place because you 're worried he 'll come after my emma . ''
` ` aunt letty 's getting older , there 's an opening for a science teacher at the high school , and i need a place to run . ''
an aging aunt , a job , a place to run .
get out to your place .
* * * letty 's place rose up out of the darkness like a gingerbread house frosted with white icing .
then did he walk back to letty 's or head out on foot to my place ? ''
the servants must wait like ninjas for me to leave so they could render this place spotless again .
how like marty to come to this girl 's rescue by giving her a job , a place to live , and safety by green - eyeing any suspicious cops that came sniffing around .
edgar 's trailer was n't far from marty 's , but he wanted to do business at his place .
instead , she was huddled on the floor , her expression so stricken it was clear she thought she 'd never leave this place .
we were doing that here because he wanted shrapnel to witness the exposure of his betrayal and there was only one place he was staying .
` ` you do n't happen to have a twenty so i can catch a cab back to my place , do you ?
` ` yeah , sorry to bother you , but i have this human at my place who insists she belongs to you . ''
` ` hey , you 'd have done the same thing to someone who crashed your place and tried to make off with your property , right ? ''
kira wanted to slug him , and not just for trashing tina 's place while he made himself at home .
once inside , he brought her up to his room - the only place anyone would expect her to sleep , after tonight 's display - then went to shower without another word .
need a place to stay while you 're in town ? ''
` ` no one will accuse you of skimping when they see this place , '' denise murmured , walking into the guest room with its oversized jacuzzi bathtub and enormous round leather canopy bed .
he held open the door to the suite , waiting until they were inside and he 'd done a quick sweep of the place to answer .
back inland near the air force base , the last place my mom and i had lived , i 'd flown under the radar .
my mom offered to let him stay with us - by which she meant he could stay with me - for a few days until he found another place to live , if he would help her with rent .
mark had told me what i wanted to hear in exchange for the prospect of sex and a free place to stay .
` ` i told my mom i did n't want to go to her boyfriends ' places anymore .
i ' m getting my own place . ''
i knew from watching tv during tornado warnings in the past , back in the heady , luxurious days of owning a television , that the meteorologists liked to say , ` ` if you 're in a trailer home , get to your safe place . ''
of course , then you would n't have a plane , and knowing you , you 'd rather have a plane to fly than a place to live . ''
` ` how did we get to this place where we had to be tough all the time and never said how much we loved each other ? ''
i ' ve spent christmas with him and his wife and kids before , when i did n't have my own place yet and my dad spent the holidays on his yacht in the mediterranean with some stripper .
his first horrified thought was that the place had been ransacked , possibly by the same person who 'd hit her .
i had thought i would be relieved when summer and jrdis left on tuesday , not because they bugged me , but because it would be nice to have the place quiet and to myself , and i could get some writing done .
now i regretted that a little piece of me would be cemented to this place forever .
the teenage tourists did n't have a place to do it .
it was a grand place , more like a mansion than a home .
` ` we 'll be keeping an eye on your place for the next few days .
` ` we can go over to your place if that will make you feel safer , '' he said .
chapter 31 an hour before dawn , thorne dressed and left skylynn 's place .
he needed a place to spend the daylight hours , but taking his rest in sky 's bed was out of the question now that sam was home .
` ` we could always go to your place . ''
during the day , i want you and sam at my place . ''
` ` you and sky will be staying at my place during the day until he 's no longer a threat . ''
` ` get whatever you need and then we 'll go to my place . ''
maybe it was time to find another place to live .
` ` you 'll be needing a place to spend the night , '' darrick said , drawing kadie 's attention once more .
` ` you need a place to stay .
by giving you this house , he gave you more than just a place to live .
for years , she had considered getting a place of her own .
she was even more surprised to learn that her friends had actually made a few dollars serving food and that on a couple of occasions they had rented vacant houses to travelers looking for a place to spend the night .
he hired extra servants to help mrs . grainger in the kitchen , gardeners to work in the yard , maids to clean the place from top to bottom .
it gave him a curious sense of comfort to know that when he was fully a beast , there was a place where he would be welcome , accepted .
` ` let us get away from here and find a place to spend the night . ''
` ` they must have found a place to spend the night , '' erik remarked .
it was his favorite of all the places he had occupied in his long existence .
` ` i 'll take you to my place , '' he said , wondering if he could transport both of them into the future .
` ` taking you to my place , i hope . ''
all the appliances in the kitchen were recent additions , purchased a few months back when he had been thinking of selling the house and finding a new dwelling place .
he had found her a safe place to live , fed her and clothed her , cared for her until she died .
for all she knew , he passed the hours of daylight in some place far from this house .
` ` to my place .
he had furnished the place with a black leather sofa and chair , a coffee table , a couple of end tables , a home theater system with surround sound , and a stereo .
you know , getting a place of your own ? ''
on the other hand , it would be fun to have a place of her own , to be independent .
if she had a place of her own , they could be alone .
` ` if you need anything , a shoulder to cry on , a place to stay , call me . ''
she wanted to go to his place , but she wanted vince to be the one to suggest it .
she had always helped her mom decorate the house on october first , and she was determined to carry on the tradition now that she had a place of her own , even though she missed the old , familiar decorations she had grown up with .
` ` mostly , i ' ve been working and decorating my place .
seeing the hurt and disappointment in her mother 's eyes , cara said quickly , ` ` it 's not because of you or because of what you are , mom , it 's just that i really like having my own place . ''
` ` what the devil were you doing sitting out in front of my place so late at night ? ''
` ` i love what you ' ve done with your new place .
disgusted with himself and his own company , he drove on past his place and headed for the nocturne .
` ` maybe he went to his place . ''
the place was dark save for a light in one of the windows downstairs .
` ` we went by his place , but he was n't there . ''
after walking her to the door and seeing her safely inside , he told her he was going to his place for a quick shower and a change of clothes .
` ` then let 's go to your place . ''
for a moment , he was tempted to pull her into his arms and carry her to his place , creature or no creature .
a short time later , di giorgio pulled up in front of her place .
` ` that 'll give you time to rent a tux and give your parents time to make arrangements for a place to stay while they 're in town . ''
since he could n't travel from his place to hers while the sun was up , vince had spent the previous night at cara 's house .
needless to say , we did n't talk much on the way back to my place .
you can stay at my place , all right ? ''
neither of us spoke until we were heading back to my place .
chapter fifteen after leaving kathy 's house , rafe made a brief stop at his place , and then returned to brawley woods .
we were at my place , sitting on the sofa in front of the hearth .
instead , i was thinking about rafe , wondering where he was , what he was doing , and if he would come by my place later .
we had been searching for over an hour and were about to give up and go back to my place when i sensed the presence of a were .
` ` to his place , for tonight .
` ` half a dozen hunters , including our old friend , jackson , were waiting for me at your place .
you wo n't be safe at her place , or yours . ''
i doubted rafe would be happy at my place .
now , do you want to go back to my place , or are you still hungry ? ''
she packed a bag , and then rafe drove us to my place .
` ` drop us off at my place , '' cagin said when rafe pulled away from the curb .
then we 'll come back and get her kids and find a new place to live . ''
he could wait until she regained consciousness and take her back into the club , he could drop her off at her place , or he could take her home with him .
truth be told , he did n't have a place to call his own .
` ` or we could go to my place , '' he said with a knowing grin , ` ` and i could take it all off . ''
` ` savanah , do you want to go to my place or a hotel ? ''
he was about to get into his car and head over to savanah 's place when he was overwhelmed by a rush of supernatural power .
she wondered why a vampire would have need of either one , and then remembered he was renting the house , so the appliances had most likely come with the place .
` ` you have a place in the mountains ? ''
in point of fact , it was mara 's place .
when he 'd mentioned a place in the mountains , she had pictured a little log cabin decorated with deer heads and secondhand furniture .
the gentry woman and one of the cordova twins are staying at mara 's place . ''
` ` do you want to spend the night here , or go find my folks ' place ? ''
the hunter agreed to meet him at his place the following night .
i 'll see about finding us a place to live . ''
it 's not as big as my place , but it 'll do for a few months .
it was a nice place , two stories high , made of red brick with white trim and a bright yellow front door .
i 'll take her to our place .
he stretched his legs out in front of him , then asked casually , ` ` any place you 'd like to live ? ''
though she had fond memories of living in the castle in days gone by , the old place was in serious need of repair and refurbishing , neither of which she was in the mood to tackle just now .
do you want to stay here , or go to your place ? ''
` ` i have a place of my own . ''
i 'll find a place . ''
` ` so do you guys want to come over to my place , too ? ''
it was cheaper than if i got my own place , and the best part was i could ride my bike ( as in bicycle ) to work .
the living arrangement was low drama , and i liked our place enough .
` ` my place at seven ? ''
` ` your place is amazing . ''
we could handle waiting until we got back to one of our places if that 's what he wanted .
i do n't mind waiting at your place if you need a few minutes to finish packing . ''
he pulled in next to macon 's car outside of my place .
neither of them made the simple suggestion of us staying at my place .
i 'd made up my mind about it before i left my place .
carly had opted to come back to our place , and i decided that cards seemed more fun when you were drunk .
` ` we 're only a few blocks from my place .
the place was n't actually his .
as long as colin lets me crash at his place i guess . ''
i saw her in passing this morning , but i assumed she was back over at your brother 's place . ''
she 'd spent the night at our place once after a game of cards went overtime .
you stay at my place every night , are n't you tired of having to come back and forth ? ''
` ` i really hope my brother is n't still at your place . ''
` ` she also really needs a place to stay .
my grandfather had left the old place up in the blue ridge mountains to me , and even though my parents suggested i sell it , i knew i never would .
` ` you do n't sleep well at my place ? ''
` ` we can still go back to your place after ... '' ` ` of course .
we already worked together three nights a week , and i usually ended up spending those nights at his place .
` ` not to your place . ''
he was trying to make it sound like i 'd spent the night at his place .
juliet was n't super wealthy or anything , but her grandparents had a place on an exclusive island about a half hour outside the city .
` ` i wish you had your own place . ''
one of the beautiful old southern houses a few miles outside the city , i could n't even fathom how much the place would have cost .
i was n't sure why someone would need or want a place so big if they lived alone .
then he puts us up at his place because he has no choice . ''
i wanted my own place . ''
is this your place ? ''
i got out and started walking up the stairs toward our place .
i figured he would n't love the answer that we were going back to my place .
i was still trying to figure out how to tell her i was bringing her back to my place .
` ` do n't take this the wrong way , but i thought we could hang out at my place .
` ` how scary is your place ? ''
` ` if i brave entry to your place .
` ` i love your place .
` ` how about i come to your place ? ''
i was curious what his current place looked like .
i felt a small flutter of nerves as i parked out front of his place .
it 's not like we were having a blast at his place anyway .
` ` do you have any old pictures at your place ? ''
` ` so , how do you feel about having the party at my place ? ''
` ` you can stay with us for a while , but we 'll have you set up in your own place right away .
although i had initially planned to resist his offer to start spending nights at his place , i 'd caved easily .
i found you a place to stay .
* * * after breakfast , molly and ben drove me over to my new place for the summer .
` ` is your place nice ? ''
` ` would you maybe want to come hang out at my place for a bit ?
i liked that she was comfortable at my place .
the inside of his place was even cooler than i expected .
they might have given me a place rent free , but they had no obligation to feed me like i was part of the family .
` ` this was the night you spent at my place . ''
` ` but i like it here better than my place . ''
` ` who 's at your place that you need removed ? ''
i did n't like discovering that jake was at her place , but i did like that she 'd called for my help .
but seriously , i think i ' m in love with your place .
` ` are you sure you do n't want to stay at my place ? ''
otherwise , we were running by your place to pick something up .
he always said stuff like that - referring to his place as home , as if it were mine too .
would n't it be better to have everything at my place ? ''
i 'll take you , but we 're stopping at your place first . ''
i 'd been thinking about him since i left his place that morning .
we were sitting around my place .
he 'd been pretty timid at my place , but the kid would n't stop now .
we only had friday night games , so i 'd go back to her place afterward .
i thought it might be nice if you guys could start staying over with me sometimes ... '' staying at her place was fine , but i wanted her in my bed too .
the nice thing about the bed at my place was that you did n't need a rail or anything because it was so low to the ground .
i thought we were doing our little party at your place . ''
` ` you ' ve got a cute place here . ''
we can stop by your place so you can get cleaned up . ''
i figure noah can fall asleep at our place .
and he turned away to walk through the woods back over to his place .
he 'd fumed about that while he 'd taken me out to eat , and then back to his place .
i 'll see you tomorrow evening at your place , okay ?
` ` do you have a place to stay ? ''
` ` come on , sugar , i 'll give you something good to eat when we get to my place , okay ? ''
bill had spoken of me moving into his place , which sat on a hill just across the cemetery from my home , but i was reluctant to leave my own turf .
at least twice , we had been close to selling my parents ' place , just to keep up gran 's house and taxes , while she raised the two of us .
i could never live in a place this size , cope with this on a daily basis .
` ` we should go back to my place and pack our sleeping bags and pillows , '' i said brightly .
bill had spent several nights the month before creating a place for himself at my house .
when my brother , jason , had struck out on his own , he 'd moved into the place my parents had built when they 'd married .
i had surely visited someone there ; in the past seven years , almost every single person in bon temps had rented a place in kingfisher apartments at some point in his or her dating career .
` ` we 'll take her to my place , '' russell said , and if i had n't been sure i was very badly hurt , i might have laughed .
` ` we arranged for your healing , you had a place to stay to recuperate .
` ` this morning , after i left your place , i was stopped again , '' i said .
the best thing for me to do would be to creep out the back door to this place , if i could find it , and run around the building to get eric to call the police .
i said the polite things , how nice it had been of him to give me a place to stay , how much i 'd enjoyed meeting his sister , how much fun it had been to hide a body with him .
` ` from my place .
` ` you gon na get mighty lonely out to your place without him . ''
i turned off onto hummingbird road to go out to my place , which is about three miles southeast of the bar .
you told me to go there with this really nice were who owed you a big favor , and i stayed at his place . ''
` ` probably slept over at some woman 's place . ''
` ` i even sent dago out to his place . ''
` ` you expecting trouble at your place ? ''
so i snuck out and went over to his place .
` ` well , he lives out across the cemetery from my place , '' i said , because i had no choice .
should i try to find a place to spend the remaining hours of the night here in the city ?
she had a mazda miata , and she 'd hidden it on a four - wheeler trail right across the parish road from the turnoff to my place .
` ` so pam showed up tonight at your place . ''
` ` i bet girls all over bon temps are making food to bring to your place now that they heard you 're back , '' arlene said , and jason brightened perceptibly .
bill was sleeping somewhere in his house , which lay in the woods to the south of my place , across the cemetery .
his truck is at my place . ''
sometimes he comes over to my place and i let him sleep on the rug in the living room .
` ` sam supplies unlimited blood for charles and a secure place to stay .
` ` lucky to have a place to live , '' he commented .
maybe he could just roam the woods around his house when he turned into his panther - man form , or maybe he could hunt the woods around my place - but he would n't be safe out at hotshot .
it was a modest place in a modest part of town , but tara 's owning her own home was a miracle , when i recalled the place where she 'd grown up .
it was a modest place in a modest part of town , but tara 's owning her own home was a miracle , when i recalled the place where she 'd grown up .
` ` what i ' m saying is , would it be so bad for him to stay at your place ? ''
also before she left , arlene offered me the foldout couch in her trailer , which was sweet of her , but i knew it would crowd her and throw off her get - the - kids - to - school morning routine , so i told her i had a place to stay .
` ` also , calvin says his house is empty while he 's in the hospital , if you need a place to stay .
i would n't have spoken this soon , without us being together more , but you need a place to live right now .
` ` but i do n't want to accept your offer because i need a place to live and we 're hot for each other .
i ' m so glad to have a place to live where i can come and go without bothering anyone !
i think my insurance will pay for me renting a place to live while my house is being fixed . ''
moving into a small , furnished place was a perfect solution to my housing problem .
` ` i guess the only big one 's in the bathroom , '' i said , and it felt strange to have to think about the location of an item in my own place .
` ` so , is he living at your place ? ''
eric knew a secret i wanted to keep hidden for the rest of my days ; though , since he 'd had amnesia when he 'd stayed at my place , he was n't aware it was in his memory somewhere .
` ` we have to live in our own place . ''
` ` i have to get to work , but my brother 's going to lead you over to his place . ''
i hoped he did n't mean he was going to rent a room or take me to his place for sex , because no matter how attractive i found him , i was n't going to do that tonight .
` ` she lived in a place on chloe street , and i do n't know if there 's a phone or not .
` ` oh , i got all her potted plants out and moved them down to my place for easier care , too .
and no one 's going to break into her place , either . ''
she was thinking that it would be fun to give me a touristy - type thrill , since i would n't be in new orleans long ; she also believed that the nicer she was to me , the quicker i 'd clean out hadley 's place so she could have the use of it back .
she answered it immediately , and i saw over her shoulder that her place , though of course laid out exactly like hadley 's , was full of light colors and energy .
` ` are you still dating that beautiful man i saw at your place ? ''
that night , the night before the queen 's ball when the shit hit the fan between the arkansas vamps and our vamps , bob and i went back to my place after we 'd left terry and patsy at the pizza place .
if a kid needs a place to stay , your home is open to that kid .
in return , jb had squired me to a couple of dances i 'd wanted to go to very badly , and his family had given tara a place to stay a couple of times when i could n't .
` ` my staff tells me you had a hard time at my place .
he 'd come out to my place looking for annie when she 'd roamed away , and by the time he 'd found her , she had had some close encounters .
they 'd never seen kyle perkins at any of their night classes , and they did n't think he 'd ever rented time to practice at their place .
` ` we 'll go back to our place after we deposit him , '' batanya said .
` ` so , '' he continued , ` ` we might stay here , or we might find another place for you three .
he had his own place to run , his own fish to fry .
` ` he 'll check out your car , make sure you can drive it , or he 'll get it towed to his place .
i 'd figured dawson would run me to the car , but he 'd driven it over to my place , as it turned out , so i 'd need to give him a ride instead .
i followed him while he drove the car out to my place , and we put it up on the rack and had a good look . ''
` ` i want to go back to my place in new orleans , '' bob said .
this was my place , my home away from home .
he said , ` ` if you need any help at your place , please call me . ''
mel slept at my place last night , since he was the worse for wear after he met me at the bayou .
bill went to his own car , and we set off to drive the short distance to my place .
` ` fairy , i leave cleaning this place to you , '' eric said .
` ` s'pose we go back to my place ; we can have some coffee and talk about stuff . ` `
i could come over and help you put down all the protective barriers , make sure the place was tight -- then i could come back . ` `
the crew members were cranky , and the place just looked grubby .
the place is falling apart anyway . ` `
though sweet home cemetery took a chunk out of the land between my place and bill 's , there 'd be enough room - especially if bill did n't mind allowing access to his land as well .
` ` why are you - all not going to your place , alcide ? ''
` ` and come out to my place tomorrow if you change your mind about having a run with the pack . ''
i do have a hidden place where a vampire can stay in relative safety , but it 's not exactly deluxe , not like eric 's house .
oddly enough , he 'd bought a place in a gated community with a strict building code .
` ` no , the car is sunk in a pond about ten miles south of your place . ''
sometimes i stayed at his place , reading while he worked .
bobby normally got briefed right before eric went to ground for the day , unless eric stayed over at my place .
` ` and i was glad to give my own family the wherewithal to repair this place .
after katrina , i did n't have no place to live and nothing to do .
there are a couple of things i need to bring you up to speed on , if you ever have a chance to come to my place to talk . ''
i 'll pick you up at seven at your place . ''
i was just looking for a one - night thing , but her stopping by my place and calling me all the time is getting annoying .
` ` can i spend the night at your place ? ''
after coffee this morning , we decided that i would stay at his place for a few days .
i decide to go to the studio since i know it will most likely be empty , and i can have the place to myself .
` ` you keep the key to my place , okay .
` ` yep , meet you at your place , '' she replies before kissing him .
she spends most nights over at his place , so i ' ve been here alone for the most part . ''
he 's probably wondering why i have a key to jase 's place and why i ' m sleeping here tonight .
` ` i ran out to grab some dinner and knew you were n't doing anything tonight , so i drove here instead of back to my place . ''
i wonder how he came to own a place like this ; the square footage alone would cost a fortune .
` ` come to my place tonight . ''
now we 're back home , and he wants me to spend the night at his place .
ryan is working late tonight , so jase and i are spending the evening together at his place .
i had no idea he owned a place this big .
` ` let me take you back to my place , okay ? ''
` ` let 's go home , '' he says into my ear , and i know that when he says home , he means his place , and i like that .
` ` no worries , but , hey , i ' m throwing a party next month at my place .
but today when i stopped by his place , one of his friends was there , and he made a comment that 's really been bothering me . ''
it just makes me uncomfortable to think about that stuff happening at his place , and now i ' m hanging out there . ''
i can tell something is bothering him , and i just assume it has something to do with what gavin said yesterday at his place .
` ` at the beginning of the school year , i stayed with jase at his place for a while and kimber thought i was avoiding her for some reason .
on the drive back to my place , ryan mentions the party that gavin is throwing this weekend .
my head grows heavy , and i begin to drift while ryan strokes my hair during the drive back to his place .
as i nod my head , he adds , ` ` if you wo n't talk to her , then i think you should at least start spending some time back at your place . ''
i never intended on staying at his place for as long as i have .
i love him , and i love being there , but i have my own place and a friend that i sort of abandoned , even though we are n't really talking and have n't been for months .
he insisted i leave some of my belongings at his place , so i did .
when we arrive at his place , he opens my door and scoops me out of the car , cradling me with his arm behind my knees .
they both got jobs here in the city and since mark 's roommate is moving out and he 'll have the place to himself , he asked jase to move in .
afterwards , he invites me to come back to his house , so we head out and i follow him in my car as we drive to his place .
i stop by the liquor store first and pick up some wine before driving to their place .
when we finish our coffee , i look over at him and ask , ` ` you wan na come over to my place for a while ? ''
heading over to your place .
the smile that grows on his face is beautiful , so i take one last kiss before we get in the car and start driving back to my place .
i can tell you do n't want to go out , so come to my place . ''
i wish she would ' ve come to my place tonight like i had asked her to .
she 's silent as she stares out the window while i drive her back to my place .
candace is still at my place , taking the week off from school and work .
` ` you keep the key to my place , okay ?
i told mark i would come over to his place after i dropped candace off , so i start driving that way .
we go back to my place after running out for a quick dinner .
he seems irritated from earlier , so the drive back to my place is silent .
when we walk inside my place , he heads to the kitchen and grabs a bottle of water .
the night is cold and misty , and when i get to her place , i let myself in .
as we 're driving back to my place , mark leans over the console and starts biting along my neck , and by the laughing that accompanies it , i know he 's had too much wine .
wan na head back to my place ? ''
i ' ve sent him several texts since i got back to my place , but it 's been hours , and nothing .
` ` i know , but it makes sense that she would think that way , as crazy as it sounds , '' he says as he drives us back to my place .
i ' ve been uneasy since we left my place , so after ryan racks the balls on the pool table , i ask , ` ` so when did you see candace ? ''
` ` my roommate is moving out after graduation , and i was thinking ... maybe you would want to make it our place . ''
this place has become a second home to me .
not wanting to go to my place , and being tired after the drive back from oregon , i lay it out there for her .
` ` he stops by my place every now and then . ''
i had been wanting a place of my own , but with the money i was sinking into the buyout , i could n't afford anything .
i had made plans with mark and jase to go shoot pool , so when i leave here i ' m gon na hang out with jase at his place before we head out .
` ` hung around my place for the most part . ''
mark tells me to meet him at his place in the morning to pack up for our hike as i head out .
heading home , i decide to stop and grab a pizza and some beer to take back to my place .
be at your place around 7 .
she asks , not registering that this is my place , and i guess i ca n't blame her because it 's a three - story loft - much bigger than one person should need .
i let her relax and drive her to my place , wanting her in my space .
when the elevator opens , we step out to go back to my place for the night .
chapter twenty - three coming back to my place , candace is still being very quiet , but i ' m not saying much either .
it 's been a while since i ' ve been over to his place , but the past couple times we ' ve hung out since that awkward day at my loft with candace , it seems that he 's been trying to make an effort , so i ' m here , reciprocating .
i know she wants to go home , but i ' m selfish and do n't want her to run from me , so i take her to my place .
` ` i 'll meet you at your place and help you get a couple bags together , okay ? ''
walking into his office , the place is a disorganized disaster .
when we pull up to max 's place , i help candace out of the car and then head inside and out of the cold .
i left a little while ago to go pick her up since she left her car at my place last night .
the place she 's been spending all of her time when she 's not at school .
there 's a black van parked in front of my place when i get home , and as i ' m getting out of my car , i see a guy opening the back doors and pulling out a large , wrapped item .
home and work , those are the only places i seem to find myself lately .
he met me at my place earlier this morning , and after several hours of driving , we unload my jeep and zip up our wetsuits before heading out into the water .
i know her music by heart from all the times she played it at my place .
it 's hard for me to imagine her in a place where she 's okay to do this on her own .
mark should be at my place soon . ''
she does n't need much since i have everything she could possibly want already at my place , but we picked up a couple of boxes , and now we are shifting things in my room so that all of her belongings have a place .
making this place ours .
as soon as i got to his place and saw him , it was like all the happiness i lost when i lost him came rushing back .
once the living room is completely demolished and littered in paper , my mom has everyone get the kids dressed and ready for the day while i do a clean sweep of the place .
after delores left for new york , while i was still at wharton , billy and i got a place of our own .
we can stay at the waldorf if you want , until we find a new place .
then dee , billy , and i and a bunch of other people got a place off campus .
kate also cooked dinner for us at her place three nights a week .
it was important to kate that we have a place that was ` ` ours '' in every sense of the word .
i , on the other hand , do n't care where i get laid - my place , her place , the observation deck of the empire state building .
i ' m not ashamed to say my parents hooked me up with my apartment after college - in those days , this place was slightly above my pay grade .
you want to go to my place ?
chapter 7 blondie does n't want to ride the ducati to her place , so she gives me her address and i settle her into a cab before climbing on my bike to meet her there .
chapter 8 waking up in a place that 's not yours is always slightly disorienting .
` ` we 'll swing by my place so i can shower , and i have to make one quick stop , but after , i thought we could go to central park ? ''
the ride to dee 's place is strained and silent .
i know delores enjoyed herself tonight , and i ' m almost certain she has no problem spending the rest of it at my place .
chapter 13 dee stays at my place that weekend .
i call it a night - much earlier than past years - and we go back to her place .
you could blow them both off equally and come to drew 's parents ' place with me for dinner . ''
then i drive up to drew 's parents ' country place for the day 's festivities .
` ` but , can i stay at your place tonight ?
she 's coming to me , asking to stay at my place .
but when i get to his place , he does n't answer .
my parents ' place is a four - bedroom multi - floor brownstone , originally built in the 1920s , with original molding , three ornate fireplaces , a sitting room , den , a music room , a butler 's pantry , and a spacious formal dining room .
` ` oh , you 'll feel the power - after i get you back to my place . ''
since steven and my sister 's two trumps our one , the whole gang 's meeting at their place and taking a car to the airport together .
instead of trying to buck the system and risk eviction procedures , steven and alexandra relocated applejack to my parents ' place upstate - leaving my poor niece without a live - in pet .
it 's the kind of place only royalty , heads of state , and highly overrated actors get to stay .
do n't knock on that door unless the place is on f**king fire . ''
he has a girl that needs a place to crash for a little while . ''
me : what about dinner at my place ?
dinner at my place .
as soon as we got back to my place , kenton and asher pulled a bottle of jack out of my cabinet , claiming they were toasting to crazy bitches .
she 's had a key to my place almost from the start .
she keeps her place in order , except for her bedroom , which , as usual , has clothes and shoes scattered all over the place .
she keeps her place in order , except for her bedroom , which , as usual , has clothes and shoes scattered all over the place .
when i left her place this morning , i placed a piece of tape on the edge of the door to let me know if she returned home , and so far , she has n't .
besides , what do you even have at your old place that you could possibly need ?
` ` someone broke into sophie 's old place while she was inside .
` ` i know you love your place , but i want my kids to grow up close to family .
` ` each place he has lived , there have been women who come up missing , and not long after they go missing does he move from the area . ''
when we arrive at his place , there is an old truck in the driveway .
once we reach the other side , there is an old , rundown , two - story white house ; the place looks like it 's ready to fall apart , but parked outside is jules 's old car , along with a small pickup .
` ` you have a place to stay as long as you want . ''
` ` i do n't want her to know her place was broken into . ''
someone probably noticed that her place has been empty for a while and wanted to see if they could find anything worth pawning , '' link deduces .
` ` he told them who you are , and we 're guessing it was them who broke into your place . ''
the last time he went to vegas , my place had been broken into .
this place was okay when it was just you , but now that autumn 's going to be living here for good , we need to make some changes . ''
then we can go to the movies , or if you want , we can go back to my place , '' he says , his voice changing slightly , making me panic .
` ` ma was over at my place when i called you .
we spend all of our free time together and i never go home to my place anymore when i get off work unless there is something i need to do .
` ` i ... '' she pauses , looking around her place .
` ` his place is bigger . ''
surreal looked at the room again , turning over possibilities of why lucivar had chosen this place as her home - away - from - home .
it had been luthvian 's house for a lot of years , a place saetan had built for her as a courtesy to the woman who had borne him a son .
i could lob a ball of witchfire through a window and give it enough power to burn this place from attic to cellar . ''
he shrugged , then said quietly , ` ` or maybe find a teacher with backbone and heart and turn it into a residence for children who need a safe place . ''
something had changed in falonar over the past few weeks - or maybe the excitement of settling in a new place had worn off , and lucivar was now getting a more accurate look at the man falonar had become .
i just offered you a place that was as close to the land you left behind as you 'll find in kaeleer .
` ` i provided a place to live , basic furnishings , and a wage to cover personal expenses .
most small villages had at least one runaway house - a safe place an unhappy child could go to receive a hug , nutcakes , and a sympathetic ear , or be given some space to brood over some trouble at home .
i provide a place for them to live , a modest amount of yarbarah for sustenance , and the materials they need .
` ` i don't- '' ` ` you 're the queen , cassie.our queen , and the queen 's residence is any place the queen chooses to live .
she wanted a healer 's house - a place where she could take care of people without intruding on cassidy 's privacy .
i can justify what i have in the room at the residence as a court expense , but i ca n't expect the court to supply a place like this .
they 'll reach his brother 's place by morning .
he and his sons are taking the wagon and heading out to his cousin 's place .
the room had the scent of a place that was cared for .
ranon and shira had n't moved into their own place yet , but it seemed they were going to spend the night there .
how could a man live in a place like the grayhaven mansion and not understand the difference between a gift of quality and a trinket gift ?
next week , i 'll start looking for a place of my own . ''
` ` what do you mean , you 're getting your own place ? ''
what can you do in your own place that you ca n't do- ? ''
` ` in order to stay sane , i needed a place .
which no one else had wanted until a new , young queen needed a place to rule to gain credentials for something better .
so if the two of you want to find a suite of rooms in this place so you can live together , i have no objection .
and even though the sitting room where he had been taken to wait was as finely furnished as any he 'd ever seen , he wondered how anyone could stand living in this place .
manny , after a few weeks at the hall , wanted a place of her own - and work of her own .
rainier was pissed that anyone , even landen children , would think the blood would consider this place homey .
` ` i ' ve already cleaned the place . ''
` ` if marian does n't want to return to askavi in terreille , she 'll need a place to stay .
` ` if it does n't work , i 'll find another place for her , '' jaenelle said .
she would find other work ... payingwork ... and she would work hard and save and one day have that place of her own .
he landed close enough to the porch that two steps and a leap had him standing in front of the door of the neat little cottage saetan had built for jaenelle as a place where she could spend solitary time when she needed it .
this was just another rough patch of road , just another part of the journey that she had to get through before she could turn the dream of having a place of her own into a reality .
she lived in it and took care of it , but she thought of the eyrie as his place .
he had n't noticed her absence too much while the men were working all around him , but at the end of the day , when he went into the eyrie alone ... she warmed the place , just by being there .
while he 'd had no real desire to endure the miserable task of looking at furniture , he 'd wanted to buy his own so that the eyrie would feel like a home that reflected who he was instead of living in a place someone else had created .
if you have to scrub and polish this place when every move hurts you just to prove you can do your work , then that 's what you 'll do .
` ` i ' m here to have dinner with a member of my family , and since your suite has a spare bedroom and i need a place to sleep tonight , i ' m staying there .
` ` but that was your place , '' he said .
` ` well , the innkeeper was pleased enough at first to have a queen staying at his place , even if itwas the gray lady .
he could spend the rest of the night turning this place inside out with daemon , fully shielded , standing nearby the whole time , and he 'd never know .
` ` i 'd always wanted tersa to live in a place like this . ''
how could he look at a woman no older than his youngest granddaughter and not want to help her find a place to live where the fear lurking at the back of her eyes would be replaced by happiness ?
if you have no objections to wilhelmina living there until she finds a place of her own , so be it . ''
but what had driven him had been far more seductive and far simpler : he had wanted a place to call home .
this was the place he now proudly called home .
` ` i can- '' ` ` keep this place safe , yaslana . ''
but if a red - jeweled black widow high priestess was staying at the country lodge she kept for more vigorous and imaginative evenings , and if he happened to become aware of a witch living there quietly ... well , her psychic scent permeated the place and he might not take the time to distinguish between the scent of the place and the occupant 's psychic scent .
` ` i hope the new tenants will give this place the love it deserves .
` ` duaria said that , short of tearing the house down , you could do whatever you wanted with the place . ''
but please remember , you have a place to come to .
they came here to me , not having any other place to go , and lady alexandra let them stay .
` ` you still looking to rent a new place ? ''
this place was mac daddy and tricked out : dining room , living room , two bedrooms - sweet mother - of - pearl , it was a palace !
michael said it was like a pink explosion at their place . ''
one night we stayed late after rehearsal to work on a new scene , and when my tummy 's growling began to rival our rather loud discussion , i suggested we head back to my place and order a late dinner .
hmm ... we might have to sleep here tonight , instead of my place .
we decided to go to my place so i could show him where i was living and pick up some things .
i did want him to sleep at my place .
but sweet damn - i wanted another round in that giant shower , and we had all weekend for me to have him s'more up my place .
her place was a circus , and as we brought everything in we saw car after car , including nick 's .
` ` is it crazy that i want to skip this whole thing and go back to your place ? ''
` ` we went out for dinner , and then came back to my place , '' i continued , my throat beginning to close .
he 'd been all over the place and hardly in l.a . since he came to see me , and he was still busy with additional time obligations .
do you even like your place ? ''
it 's time to take them back to your place .
when we got back to hol y 's place , i turned into the garage and jack directed me toward his car .
` ` oh , that 's really close to my place .
besides , that will give you time to clean up your place , '' i pushed .
` ` how do you know if i need to clean up my place or not ?
` ` he 's stopping by his place to pick up a few things and then he 'll be along . ''
second , i needed a place to live .
i had gotten a text from jack about dinner tonight : gracie , i ' m meeting a friend for coffee after looping and then running by my place for a bit .
he needed to head back to his place for a while , and as i kissed him goodbye , i almost could n't let him go .
and someone he 's worked with at his place in long beach will be coming on board in the new location , so i 'll literally be surrounded by people who know more than i do .
because this is your place , and you 'd need to be totally on board with it .
they got so much done while i was gone ; you should see the place . ''
we 'd fallen into this easy pattern of having dinner together , either on the patio at my place or on the deck of his , which had a killer view of the bay .
i ca n't even imagine how much it would cost to renovate this place . ''
the place is still a mess , not exactly ready for a house party . ''
so when i got my own place , i went to the total opposite .
` ` i knew there was a reason i always wanted to come and see the inside of this place , '' she continued , grabbing an old suntan reflector and making like a film star by the pool in the hills of beverly .
when he was home we tended to spend most of our time at my place , but i liked that we still had our own apartments .
in doing so , he told me more about his family and the place he 'd grown up than he had in the entire year we 'd been together .
everyone knew you were going places way back then , '' i joked , pulling him in front of the picture and comparing what ten years did .
the one thing he 'd managed to do right that day was get a cleaning crew in to scour the place top to bottom as soon as the key was officially in his hands .
chapter two the next morning , my first official morning in my new place , found me sipping a cup of coffee and munching a leftover donut from yesterday 's moving - in party .
admittedly , when i was scouting new places to live , i always looked at the windowsills .
i know i should get rid of it , but it was my first grown - up place in the city , and for the rent it would just break my heart to let it go !
i mean , she hardly ever stayed in that place .
they just kept it so they always had a place to stay in the city .
why do n't we come over and get ready at your place , like the old days ? ''
when i see him , it 's always with benjamin , and we usually go out for drinks or we have him over to our place .
i followed the shrieks and meows to the back of the apartment , noticing that simon 's place was an exact mirror image of mine .
i signed for it and it 's at my place .
he was pretty much asking me to design his entire place , from area rugs to lighting fixtures and everything in between .
he wants his entire place redone . ''
simon and i slept together that night , with every light in the entire place on .
mimi wants me to see her place , and i ' m really hoping that means walk around naked and let me watch ... i hope this gas station has condoms .
i wonder if ryan would mind spending the night at my place !
i returned to the living room to turn off lights and get the place ready for bed .
some mornings my place looked like wild kingdom had been filmed overnight .
sure you do n't want to have it at my place ?
no , we seem to be staying at my place .
he said it would be easier since we 'd just end up at my place anyway , but i caught him lifting clive up onto the counter so he could ` ` watch . ''
` ` but you ' ve never even been to my place ! ''
` ` you want to stay at your place tonight ? ''
shay and devon have done an awesome job of cleaning the place up .
devon has been crashing on elle 's couch since we arrived , but he 'll be moving to shay 's place when elle is discharged .
not surprisingly , devon is parked up in his truck outside campus , so i catch a lift with him back to our place .
shay and devon have been at our place a lot .
but can we swing by my place and drop my stuff off ? ''
i walk over to my parked car down the road from her place and settle in for the night .
i stop when she 's around the corner from her place and text shay to tell him he 's on again .
elise : hey , no my place sounds good .
any hook - ups i had in the past were purely physical and were never at my place , but something about sharing my bed with brax feels different .
he is already waiting outside my place when i get there , looking mildly peeved off .
he told me that the er doctor wanted to keep him in overnight , but he discharged himself against doctor 's advice and caught a cab straight to my place .
knowing that it will soon be dark and that we still need to find a place to stay overnight , we stop at a rest stop for a bathroom break and i use the internet on my phone to find a nice hotel .
` ` dude , you sure we 're related cause there ai n't no way i 'd ever do the scratch and sniff maneuver once i had the girl at her place .
i 'd have food sex in a restaurant and let him feed me tiramisu before dragging him back to my place and rocking his freaking world .
` ` i ' m going to my friends ' place for dinner . ''
on my way to her place , i could n't get sean and our not entirely unexpected but still surprising conversation out of my head .
other than my condo , it 's the one place where i can be my true self .
` ` yeah , they said you were working from home , so when ryan told me that he could n't go back to his place right now , i thought it would be okay to come here . ''
helen explained to me that sean came over to her place a few weeks ago and explained his plan .
chapter 4 : ` ` hello '' kate after going to the bar for a quick bite to eat with mac and daniel and my workmate nathan - my g*y boyfriend for all intents and purposes - we return to our place and watch a dvd of some action movie that daniel chose .
he always wanted to come to my place , and not once did i ever see his apartment that he told me was just off madison avenue .
unfortunately , i ' ve now got more pressing things to deal with , like finding a new place . ''
be at my place 8 p.m .
i ca n't crash at your place .
` ` well , lucky for us , danny boy cooked this before he went back to his place . ''
whether you 're with daniel at his place , or with him here .
as much as we wanted to have the place to ourselves , mia wanted to move back to chicago , and mom and i felt better if she were living with me while she found her feet .
we get back to my place around eight o'clock , and when i invite daniel inside , he declines in the nicest way possible , telling me has an early start in the morning .
go now before we lose our train of thought , and i drag you back to my place , or yours , whichever is closest , '' i say , trying to talk inner mac out of her demands to drag him in the opposite direction .
i ' m starting to think that i need to buy kate some earplugs because on the nights we ' ve stayed at my place , daniel seems to make it his mission to break his multiple orgasm record with me .
daniel is keen to come along so the three of us , plus kate 's man of the week , greg , meet up at our place before heading out .
then a couple of nights ago , we were hanging out at his place , watching a movie and snuggling on the couch ( i know , who would have thought that i would snuggle , and enjoy it ) when my phone started ringing .
so i went to the place i felt safe , the place i truly wanted to be , with my superman .
mac : can you come over to my place , i need to talk to you .
sean : sounds ominous considering i ' ve never been to your place .
i left work after my appointment , somehow making it home on the l and walking the few blocks to our place before setting myself down on the couch and staring at the blank television .
in fact , there is nothing i want more than for you , me and baby to have our own place , our own home .
i was put in a place away from average kids .
when the decorations went up , this place was going to look unbelievable .
we 'd looked for place that reminded us of home , and found a farmhouse long past its prime but with plenty of room to roam and bedrooms for the lot of us .
maybe he changed his mind , i thought with a thrill , and i could meet jeff for pancakes , or we could watch a movie at his place .
` ` he 's got two - family place in wausau , and a cabin near sheboygan . ''
` ` ah , but this is my place . ''
i needed a place to crash .
getting my own place was n't a viable option , either .
and unless i lived in hyde park , having my own place did n't solve the time problem - the fact that i 'd still have travel time between me and a cadogan crisis .
i was n't taking everything with me to cadogan , partly out of concern that i 'd strangle ethan and be banished from the house , and partly because leaving some of my stuff here meant that i still had a home base , a place to crash if living amongst vampires - living near ethan - became too much to bear .
god willing , he 'll find a place of his own at some point .
` ` that explains why your energy 's all over the place . ''
this place could have been featured on vampire cribs .
colin groaned as he walked back through the door as he surveyed his place .
the only places i knew she 'd visited recently were her house in wicker park and the hardware store .
` ` we have a place '' was al gabe said .
each room was just large enough to afford the vampire a place to sleep and a little privacy at the end of the night .
` ` so we have a place , '' i said .
she 'd recently found a place of her own - a third - floor walkup also in hyde park - but she 'd remained a frequent visitor to the house ... and the librarian .
the dandridge hotel was one of the most exclusive luxury hotels in chicago , small but chic , and apparently the only place good enough for the gp to stay this time around .
` ` in all seriousness , '' i said , when i was upright again , ` ` do they have any leads on a place to stay ?
` ` have you found an interim place to stay ? ''
- you do n't have security at your place , you 're asking for trouble .
whatever their other troubles , grey house must have solid finances in order to afford a place this nice .
this place put my little cadogan house dorm room to shame .
i glanced around , refusing to look at the house , not ready to face the destruction or the loss of a place where i 'd spent so much time as a child .
the work would have to start : rebuilding , finding a place for my grandfather to live , finding a place for the ombuddies to work .
we ' ve also offered asylum to any navarre vamps who need a place to go . ''
not with us - she has a separate place where she stays , sleeps .
` ` harley said she stayed in her own place .
i just needed a place to live .
cam and harlow had been together for months now , and he split his time between here and his place .
i had this apartment with harlow , a place of our own .
so i drove to her place to check on her .
i slept on her couch that night , unwilling to leave her place .
one night our place was broken into .
my place was only minutes away .
just before i turned into the parking lot of my place , i noted the red car sitting down the street at the red light .
i cried out with relief when i saw the vacant spot just up ahead that was right in front of the stairs leading to mine and harlow 's place .
i bought you a car , paid your security deposit plus six months of rent on your new place .
every whisper i heard when we went to the bar he liked or when his friends were over at our place was true .
the bike roared to life beneath us , and i steered it away from the mad hatter and in the direction of my place .
` ` my place is n't that far from here .
just as i thought , harlow was at our place .
she did n't want us at our place . ''
i 'd ask her later at my place .
the entire drive to his place , i kept my eye on the rearview mirror for anyone who might be following us .
when we were n't at work , we spent a lot of time at his place .
i was going to have to swing by my place later and get my boots .
of course the place was a mess .
but it made me feel a fraction better that they would be with a ton of other people instead of alone at my mom 's place .
they were pretty certain i was still being watched and that meant my place was , too .
` ` i 'll stay at your place tonight , '' he said , low .
i bought this place , i painted the walls , redid the floors .
i made this place somewhere i never had to move from . ''
i really did n't want to stay at my place anyway .
as soon as jack comes home , i ' m going back to my place . ''
` ` i ' m at my place .
` ` why did n't you go to my place ? ''
` ` i have a key to your place . ''
` ` come on , let 's get you to my place . ''
the red sofa , purple patterned armchair , and array of colored pillows all over the place were very familiar .
she 's staying at my place . ''
aunt ruth was more than happy to let me stay at her place while she recovered from surgery with claire 's parents .
` ` if i just need to soak this in vinegar , i can do it at my place , '' i said , starting to sit up .
when you get back , you 'll be getting another job , getting a place of your own , and returning to the real world .
` ` i got some sweet tea at my place if you 're interested , '' he said , and i caught the flash of vulnerability in his eyes just before he turned and walked away .
the no - good husband found her and was stalking her door at her new place .
` ` i 'll tell you when i get to your place . ''
was n't that who called him the other day when i was at his place ?
` ` when you did n't show up at my place and your cell kept going straight to voicemail , i got worried .
right after my accident , i stayed at aunt ruth 's for another month before gavin convinced me to move into his place .
it was the reason i was here in this little hotel room - because i did n't have a place of my own .
i had n't had a place of my own for two years now .
so far i saw no signs of renewed bleeding , but she needed things that this place did n't have .
when i suggested we stop at his place to get him a change of clothes , he told me he did n't have a place of his own .
when i suggested we stop at his place to get him a change of clothes , he told me he did n't have a place of his own .
and now here i was , thinking about getting a place of my own , about sticking around and figuring out what my life looked like without a second identity .
we were dropped off at a bar i 'd never noticed before just a few blocks from our place .
when i looked around this place and realized what i gave up to come here , i thought about punching myself in the head .
as far as i could tell , dom lived alone , but there were always people at his place .
however , his place was n't so far that he would n't be able to keep an eye on what was going down in his neighborhood .
he 's going to be staked out by your place all night . ''
without a backward glance , i drove away , heading straight for dom 's place .
` ` no lady waiting for you at your place ? ''
` ` nice place , '' he said , looking around my simple kitchen with the dark cabinets , dark - green countertops , and black appliances .
before he left , he said he 'd be back tonight and he would take me to his place .
` ` we 're supposed to stay at my place tonight , '' he reminded me .
` ` we 'll head to my place after . ''
her place might have been over the top , but she was just right .
` ` let me just make sure it 's okay if i leave too and then i 'll follow you to your place . ''
` ` when i asked him if i could leave last night to look at your place , he offered to use his truck to move me in today . ''
` ` we have this whole place to ourselves ? ''
i held the stingray between us on the ride back to my place , keeping my cheek pressed against his back .
cam rushed into the apartment behind me , his eyes locking on the both of us , then narrowing as he went from room to room searching the place for any more unwanted intruders .
` ` want me to stay at your place tonight ? ''
cam said he was going to stay at our place tonight .
` ` are you still staying at our place ? ''
plus , i had to call the insurance company , go back to work , and start looking for another place to live .
let me take you to my place tonight .
i knew this was only temporary , that i would have my own place again , but i hated temporary .
` ` i 'll stay at one until i ' m able to get another place . ''
` ` you 're sure you wo n't stay at my place ? ''
if he was offering me a place to stay , then i was going to accept it .
i wandered into the home section and caught myself picking out things that would look great in holt 's place .
even through everything this past summer , sam and i had made this place grow .
i began snooping around the land , looking for clues as to whose place this might be .
` ` nice place you got here , '' i said .
at least sam had this place .
we were almost to school when she said , ` ` so i ' m telling the girls the party at my place on halloween is also a belated birthday party for you . ''
i searched every nook and cranny in this place .
` ` so has there been any sign of you know who at your place ? ''
` ` she 's still staying at my place . ''
everything here was so different than the place i now called home .
` ` then why do n't you have a place to live ? ''
* * * sam 's place was pretty nice for a guy .
the only person it could be was sam , probably stopping by to see how i was liking his place .
i never pushed it because i figured the place made him uncomfortable , but i always offered because he needed to know i wanted him around .
i was pretty sure this particular memory was from the day sam and i went to clear out the place so he could move into his new efficiency .
` ` i can find my own place to stay , '' riley said , hovering in the doorway .
` ` so this is sam 's place ? ''
it seemed important that he let himself into his own place .
i had n't heard that he was staying at his place so i knew that he would be here soon .
we grabbed some burgers and fries for dinner , rented the new transformer 's movie and went to our place .
i got into a fight at school and i trashed the place you first lived when you moved out of our house . ''
i 'll rip this place apart if i get one bad feeling .
i 'd always liked this place , but ever since i woke up in the hospital with huge ugly scars on my face and no memory of how i got them , my grandmother 's home was the only place i felt truly at ease .
i 'd always liked this place , but ever since i woke up in the hospital with huge ugly scars on my face and no memory of how i got them , my grandmother 's home was the only place i felt truly at ease .
then she said , ` ` he came over to my place . ''
` ` sam came to your place ? ''
he was probably trying to save enough for his own place .
instead , all she wanted was to hang out here at her place with the people she was closest to .
a place you knew you could be yourself .
` ` any place with you will be heaven . ''
` ` i found a place to rent , i am supposed to go look at it this morning . ''
when are you moving into your new place ?
even though the place had two bedrooms , sam did n't have one .
this is stuff that is going to your new place .
her room was a little nicer than the rest of the place .
sam was sort of in limbo tonight because he 'd already given back the keys to his old place and would n't get the key to his new place until tomorrow .
sam was sort of in limbo tonight because he 'd already given back the keys to his old place and would n't get the key to his new place until tomorrow .
chapter thirty - one heven of course it was rainy and chilly on the day sam and i were supposed to fix up his new place .
` ` just some stuff for your new place . ''
to my intense delight i had to sit extra close to him on the way to his place because of all the stuff .
when we arrived at his place , logan opened the door and stuck his head out .
i hollered when we passed through the door of my place and out into the cold night air .
` ` nice digs , '' someone said from behind me as i was led through the backyard of my parent 's place and toward wherever they were parked .
the guys brought me back to my place and guided me into the backyard .
` ` you 'd rather go back there with those vultures than go to my place ? ''
maybe when we left we 'd leave that window open in a poor attempt at airing out the place before everyone showed up to work in a few hours .
chapter twenty - two romeo it was almost three a.m. when i put my key in the door to my place .
after several minutes of my place being tossed , they determined what they wanted was n't here .
if you want to search my place , you 're going to need to call my father , anthony anderson .
` ` take the hellcat and go to my place .
most of the time i was able to focus on the fact these cats had a dry , warm place to live with plenty of food to eat .
as i walked to my place , i picked out a few voices in the onslaught of noise .
i scanned the information , looking for her address , looking for the place i 'd be flying off to next .
` ` charming place you have here , '' he said , ignoring me completely and walking around my house , looking at all of my things .
he said the only place she ever went was work except for two trips to a soup kitchen in the bad part of town where she delivered boxes of cupcakes and cookies .
it was business as usual at his place , escorts coming and going , security guards patrolling .
that home was the biggest , the most private , and was the only place i ' ve ever been where i could fully be myself .
i could tell he was excited to show me his home , the only place he truly loved to be .
hand - braided rugs , richly upholstered furniture , and rooms without the boundaries of walls made it feel like more than a refurbished building , more like a place that someone loved .
it was the first time she 'd spoken since he walked into my place , and although i could n't exactly see him staring at her , i did see his cloudlike form turn toward her .
` ` i 'll get the one at your place when i leave here . ''
he 's gon na flip when he finds out i hid his body here at your place . ''
` ` on the way back from your place , can we swing by the diner and get piper ?
` ` i see you got the place put back together from my last visit . ''
` ` let 's just go back to your place and we can come up with some sort of plan , '' storm said reasonably .
then my eyes slid over to the gps to see the address of my new place .
` ` we 'll go to your place so you can pack a bag and then mine so i can pack one too .
it was almost a relief to be out of it , to not have to live in a place that i did n't really belong .
i want you to pretend that we shared a few drinks at the ocean club and that we 're on a date and that you ' ve brought me here , back to your place . ''
i had my own place , of course , but my mom and dad were only a couple of miles from my apartment .
claire had just pushed her chair in when he caught her up in his arms and carried her into the bedroom , the place where she 'd healed from the cut on her back .
lucian told her that rumy had already arranged to set her up in a hotel in santa fe so that she 'd have a place to live until she was ready to contact her family , something lucian had asked him to do .
unless he was battling for the night , sedona was the only place he kept it .
* * * marguerite did n't want to be feeling all that she was feeling : her absolute delight that she 'd saved him the pain of damaged wings , her pleasure in his house and in his company , her wish that she could stay in this beautiful place for the rest of her life , as in forever .
` ` in my bed , that place i ' ve lived for so long , alone .
the house felt like a home , yet downstairs , in the damp stone basement , was the place she had resided for over a hundred years in blood slavery .
` ` you know that i took care of your place . ''
as a child , she had never stayed in one place long enough to develop friendships , real friendships .
we could stay at my place on bainbridge .
should you require a place to stay until you get settled , my home is open to you .
still , the place had a weird feel , an empty feel , even though the pillows on the various sofas and chairs were crushed like they 'd been well used .
she 'd come back to grochaire , a place she 'd never wanted to return , for reasons she had yet to tell him .
he wanted to suggest they just go up to her place , but he knew that was wrong on a whole lot of levels .
he had to take the high road , even if sitting in a darkened spa sounded way less appealing than just hanging out in her place .
she worked her skinny ass off keeping their place clean and filled with weird little decorative shit , like pictures of apples and stands with scented candles .
you need a place to stay .
` ` okay ... so after the concert we can discuss finding you a place to stay permanently , and a job .
they were sitting in his truck at the funeral home after the reception since she 'd left her car at his place .
or we could stop and pick something up on the way back to my place if there was n't anything you wanted at the lunch . ''
go back to his place alone or hang out with gwenna ?
` ` the casino to gamble or straight up to your place so i can f**k you ? ''
she would have to dash back to her place for some blood bags for the both of them , but she was concerned about leaving him just yet .
nate was debating going back to his place and passing out when he recognized a familiar face behind the yellow tape .
` ` if you 're not back at our place in five minutes i ' m coming back for you . ''
brittany had been planning to call him around nine o'clock or so , but she was starting to think she might just pop over to his place for an impromptu visit instead .
her own place was an abundance of florals and kitsch .
` ` kelsey , i 'll drop you off at your place in case ringo comes home . ''
` ` then you 're crazy letting all those damn dogs into your place . ''
i ca n't let her leave my place until i can trust she understands how to live in her new life , according to our rules . ''
i have two guards with her at your place . ''
when he opened the door to his place , she was pacing in the living room , looking pale and frightened , but uninjured .
` ` alright , why do n't you come to my place in ten minutes ?
you do n't usually venture out of your husband 's place . ''
` ` we 're going to your place , man . ''
` ` can we stay at your place tonight ? ''
` ` i need a place to crash until i can get in the apartment i sublet .
it was tyler who had made the offer of a place to crash , so if anyone deserved thanks , it was him , not his arrogant brother .
there were lighter squares on the paint down the hallway , showing that at one time pictures had hung on the walls , and i wondered what it had been like in the house twenty - some years ago , when riley 's parents had been young and in love , wanting a place to raise their family .
i mean , you clearly know it - this place is a dump .
and why would he want to get out of bed , drive over to my place , and bring me back just to lay in bed together ?
it was n't awesome that i was paying rent on a place i was almost never going to be in , but whatever .
it felt fantastic to be this comfortable with him , to have a place to spend a sunday .
` ` now i ' m really amazed that you agreed to stay at my place .
i was going to have to find a new place to live , and disappear from our group of friends .
` ` i ' m moving out of the house as soon as i find a new place to live . ''
so you 'd rather live at home with your parents who are like sixty years old , and your ancient , evil - eye - giving grandmother , while paying rent on a place you do n't live in , than room with kylie and rory ?
it seemed safe to mention it now that we were in my place and we had implied he would be staying over by coming here .
we had picked up art supplies for robin , and after eating some dinner at her place , we were kissing and i was seriously contemplating taking her into her room for a little action when my phone rang .
she had been painting almost every night while i was at work and i came back to her place to find the hallway to her bedroom propped with drying canvases .
and i woke up at his place . ''
bob was letting me leave early since it was my birthday and i had robin waiting at her place for me .
` ` maybe you and phoenix should stay here tonight and i 'll take kylie to my place .
but when i got back to her place to drop her car off and walk home , i went inside for some sick , masochistic reason .
my cousins had given me a place to stay and legit friendship , and my mom and i had been working on being nicer to each other .
if we went to her place , there was no way i was n't going to be tempted to have a repeat .
i knew that sometimes women get an aggressive form of morning sickness and need medical attention , and i was damn glad i had ignored my concerns that maybe i was overstepping by showing up at her place without an invite .
i ' m staying at their place for a few days .
frowning , i thought maybe i should have offered her a place to stay .
i ' m back living at my place .
when we got back to my place he made love to me again , slowly , deliciously , and i did n't have to ask if he was planning to spend the night .
we left kylie 's phone at her place and i do n't know jessica 's number .
` ` the bed and stuff at her place . ''
he asked you to dinner , to the movies , to just hang out at his place , to hang out at your place .
he asked you to dinner , to the movies , to just hang out at his place , to hang out at your place .
it 's just a few blocks to my place .
then he said that if i like the son , maybe i would appreciate the father even more , and that if i went back to his place and was very nice to him , he would see what he could do to help me pass . ''
you could n't ask for a better place to live , really .
if i ca n't get a hold of him , i think we should go to my place .
maybe he was wandering around drunk and went to my place by accident . ''
he pushed open the door , having a momentary fear that the place looked like crap , then realizing it did n't make any difference .
and since they were passing the bar with a vampire bartender on the way back to his place , he decided he needed a drink .
so maybe we should go to my place , hit the dungeon to see if we can get any info there , then to queen mary 's . ''
josie lynn hesitated , then after an uneasy look around the place , asked for a glass of wine .
he 'd want a place to crash for ` ` just a couple days . ''
` ` so should we head to your place ? ''
lizette led him into her apartment , which was a typical parisian place , with a small living area and an even smaller bedroom .
` ` you could go to his place . ''
getting back to her place if wyatt was n't at his was a bit more of a problem .
` ` your purse is at my place .
can i grab a shower at your place ? ''
feeling his mood grow even stormier as they got back to his place , he was actually grateful to show benny the bathroom and hand him a towel .
` ` we 're only five minutes from your place so you might as well .
` ` maybe we should just head back to my place and see if we can talk to the priest .
i hope it 's at your place . ''
i ' m going to take you two back to my place then i ' m going to have a word with raven .
she was certain cort would love nothing more , too , but there was no way she was going back to cort 's place .
` ` you have a nice place , you know .
i ' ve been in this place ten years and you 're the first woman to set foot in my bedroom . ''
` ` i went back to my place and took it off the kitchen counter .
i need to find a place to live , make sure my job is secure , find day care .
` ` i ' m really hoping you 'll agree to come back to my place so i can make love to you all night long .
how close are we to your place ? ''
` ` i 'll meet you at your place , '' samantha told her .
we can go to my place . ''
he 'd moved to this place after they had stopped talking to each other .
they were firmly in williamsburg now and only a few blocks from his place .
` ` come back to my place ?
she came to his place , then they went from there .
so she very maturely told him she 'd forgotten her bra at his place , which she had n't .
i needed a place to stay and i really wanted to stay in the french quarter . ''
` ` why did he get his own place ? ''
he 'd find her a place to stay , let her keep her baby , pay for all her and the babe 's needs , if she would just spread her legs for him whenever he asked her to . ''
he kept his word , finding her a nice place to live , a shotgun cottage in the french quarter , getting her a housemaid to help with the baby .
` ` i was spending a lot of money on the hotel , and damien was nice enough to offer me a place to stay , '' she said , crossing her arm over her stomach .
` ` i give him free rein to take care of the place . ''
i was at your place and he dropped by to see if you wanted coffee .
` ` can i spend the night at your place on esplanade ?
i ' m back at my place since my release .
` ` we can feed her at my place . ''
` ` i realize i could probably do all of this at my place if that works better for you . ''
it had been a mistake to leave her laptop and angel at her place .
` ` back to my place .
` ` let 's go back to my place and we 'll look at them .
` ` there 's no logical reason we ca n't go to my place .
she 'd had no intention of staying in her new place without a bed to sleep on .
how about my place ?
i can just come over to your place and we can hang out tonight . ''
i knew that it was risky to meet him alone , at his place .
as i walked up to the place heath was living in , i was sick to my stomach from nerves .
heath had gotten a job bartending , a skill i had n't even known he had , and i had class , so we could n't spend every second together , but i was staying most nights at his place .
he was at work , it being a friday night , but i was going back to his place after shopping and he would be home later to wake me up in a way i could never get used to , but found intensely sexy , romantic .
i could n't imagine heath taking out a mortgage on a place that was a glorified shack .
the place was huge , the biggest house i 'd ever been in , but i did n't think that it was anything i could n't handle considering no one was living in it and most of the rooms were shut up .
home was n't a place i ever wanted to return .
yesterday i had arrived at richfield full of hope , appreciative of the beautiful place to stay , the decent income i could stash away to hopefully start online college classes , grateful for the quiet .
it was the smartest thing i 'd ever done , because she freaked , and i had immediately been reassigned to cat 's family , one of the few places i had felt safe .
i would n't have a job or a place to live .
` ` we could go to your place . ''
` ` i mean you have until the end of the month to find another place to live . ''
shelby just did n't think she could deal with finding another place to live right then .
now she wished she had the five hundred bucks so she could buy a plane ticket back to chicago where she knew people , had friends she could beg for a place to stay and contacts to get a decent job .
` ` ca n't you clean this place out a little ?
but there was something so powerful about a place to call home , a piece of the earth that belonged to you and yours .
but even if he had another place to stay , he was n't sure he wanted to go anywhere .
if she had her own place , she would at least have had a shot at knocking boots a second time .
` ` you know , logan , maybe it is time for me to get my own place . ''
` ` so , i ' ve been thinking about getting a place of my own and my mom suggested i talk to you and see if you have any properties available . ''
if sharing the place temporarily with him does n't bother you , i ' m fine with you moving in tomorrow .
this was her home , the place she had found herself .
` ` i ' m going to go back to my place , '' she told her mother .
he might want his toothbrush back , the only thing still left at her place after she had sent the rest of his things home with shelby a few days after their breakup .
she smelled like bonfire and whiskey and sweet country air , and he knew that as soon as this party started winding down , they were going back to her place .
` ` so you guys cool to come to my place for a sleepover later ? ''
we ca n't have these misfits barging into our house using spells on us and destroying the place .
this place does n't feel like home .
` ` you want me to make sure your laundry is done - minus your damn boxers - keep your place half - tidy , and not be around on friday nights . ''
i want him to take me to his place , but my head shakes in the negative .
` ` he decided it yesterday ... after he found out about jay and the plan for me to move into his place after the summer . ''
i do n't wan na be battlin ' first classes , schedules , and a new place to live . ''
standing in her drive is n't gon na find me a job or a place to live - me getting off my ass and tracking down every single paper in new york will do that .
i made the choice and spoke to your dad about finding a place to stay .
seriously , i asked him to come up for the weekend in a couple of weeks once i 'd settled in and got this place sorted .
i ' ve been to his place with jayna , and the guy has more facial creams and spot solutions than mum and i put together .
` ` i have a place to be . ''
` ` not the place you were expecting , huh ? ''
` ` no , i ' m stupid enough to come to your place with it and not bring you any . ''
` ` he came to your place last night , did n't he ?
` ` there 's security at my place , right ? ''
` ` i wanted you to have a place to be sofie . ''
we get out of the car at my place and walk up to the house .
i have a place to be . ''
the six year old aston that left san francisco is a completely different person to the nineteen year old aston living in berkeley , but that does n't mean it 's a place i can even consider going .
` ` so you need me to come and have dinner at your place and meet your mom on thursday after dance . ''
i have a job , a place to live , a route to my dream , and despite what you say , i have a girl i 'd move heaven and earth for if i had to .
` ` the hunk of a man staying at your aunt 's place !
it 's not exactly the place i imagined when i pictured myself asking her to come to berkeley with me .
it makes sense - we have a place to live and when we finish college we can stay , but if we go , we already have the money invested the apartment to find another . ''
the house is on the outskirts of seattle , a couple of neighborhoods over from dayton 's place .
you 're gon na sit your tight , little butt in your own f**king car and you 're going to drive to your own place .
drive to my place and we 'll talk .
` ` he 's at our place .
then we 'll go to my place and i 'll make us breakfast . ''
` ` i figured i 'd run to your place .
why do n't you let me drive back to my place ? ''
it 's an hour drive from my parents ' place to mine .
when i went to my parents ' place , she told me , like , five times that she was staying in my room . ''
i told her she could stay at my place for a few weeks .
you think you can disappear on me for a few days then come back in here one morning demanding food like you own the place ? ''
i drive on instinct , and it takes me only a few minutes to realize that i ' m heading toward my parents ' place .
i need him so fucking entirely i almost miss the turn - off to my parents ' place .
whoever designed this place did a great job .
maybe you should go back to your place for tonight . ''
` ` she needs to know she 's moving into your place and you 're moving into mine . ''
` ` tyler drove straight to our place and told us everything .
her job had taken her around the world , but this place still struck a dreamy chord deep inside her .
how do you know for certain it was my place that blew ? ''
` ` chances are slim she 's hanging out at her place , knitting dog booties .
at his place ? ''
i arrived , picked up some gear i 'd stored in at your place when i moved here . ''
` ` like the gear i ' ve got stored at your place ? ''
everything about this place spoke of eco - friendly creativity , from the repurposed walnut table to the natural - fiber curtains .
someone was lurking around her place .
` ` what happened to all the dogs at her place ?
` ` i was thinking you could recover at my place , since you 're currently homeless .
stopping at the next house , a yellow and green little place with porches all the way around , he tugged his camo top smooth again .
but i can take you all back to my place . ''
it seemed some people had taken refuge at her place .
jocelyn 's place might not be brand - spanking - new looking , but apparently she kept her machinery in good mechanical condition .
maybe he should go back to his place and clean up first - and maybe he should leave her alone to sleep .
the place was a corner unit , townhouse style with three bedrooms and even a little dock slip of its own .
amelia had taken vacation as well to play nurse at his southern florida base - and make the most of his time off to be together in his place and then go to hers .
* * * misty sat cross - legged in front of the computer screen at sunny 's place , wondering how long it would be before she could email with madison or ted .
madison had promised to update her , even send photos of their new place once they got settled .
it would probably be a while before they got their place set up , but they 'd promised she could stay with them .
` ` maybe you should give that last girl you dated a call , the one who worked at that diner across from your place .
so can i stay at your place or not ?
` ` yes , you can stay at my place if you wish .
and if she could keep her wits about her , she had a place to stay and access to a computer that was less likely to be monitored .
` ` i was n't propositioning you by asking to come to your place . ''
she truly had n't asked to stay at his place with the intent of seducing him .
the scent of his soap mixed with the smoky outdoors air from the fireplace until it seemed his place and her world blended .
they 're investigating how smith made it all the way here , and why the hell he was standing around right outside my place .
` ` if you come home with me , you could have a moose burger at my place . ''
but we 'll have a place to sleep for the night before we head out in the morning . ''
sure she 'd been scared of him finding out about her brother when he first found her , but she had n't freaked out in the city when she was at his place .
` ` and you can show me just how grateful you are once we get back to my place . ''
the drive to the hospital had been short , but they had a solid half hour to drive to her place .
i was spending so much time running back and forth from my condo to my sister 's place , we decided i might as well move into the guesthouse . ''
` ` nice little place you have , counselor . ''
her free spirit frustrated the hell out of him at times , but he had to admit she 'd saved his hide the past year by providing child care and even a place to crash .
after the way she had raced to leave his place yesterday , he figured he might not be welcome here .
if so , had that person been staking out her place the whole time ?
` ` or you could stay with my sister until your place is locked down tighter .
` ` i 'll come over to your place .
in a regular world , they would go out to eat , walk along the lake , duck into his place or even a hotel for a long , long night together .
or do we go to my place at madison 's guesthouse where i 'll make love to you until both of us ca n't think about anything else ? ''
* * * stepping inside david 's place , sophie wondered how fast the hours would pass until she heard the kids were safely settled .
the place was far neater than she would have expected , just some clutter stacked by the sofa and on the kitchen table .
they 'd given up their dream of owning a place with land and horses to move back into a neighborhood .
staying at his place , in the guesthouse behind madison 's , it felt like an island away from the rest of the world .
double - checking the security system , he locked the door after him and shifted his attention to his sister 's place .
` ` nice little place you have here . ''
the nuns at her place had been a little less generous with their warm fuzzies than chuck 's nuns .
if he had gone to the mainland ... an image of her cottage retreat filled her mind , the very place she 'd loaned to chuck for a week a year ago .
jill searched out the truck window for anything to divert her thoughts as she drove alone with mason down a dimly lit street after they 'd dropped phil off at his place .
she would check on her neighbors after clearing her place .
and thank you for not pressing me to stay at your place . ''
` ` unless you want to come hang out at my place with my wife and three kids ? ''
beyond that , he would n't answer anything , not even about the guy who 'd broken into her place .
there 's even footage from a security camera of him entering your place , and he did n't spend any time in your garden .
the place looked nice , a fully decked - out three - bedroom apartment designated for visiting colonels and generals .
how sweetly observant of him , especially in the middle of such chaos during the break - in at her place .
she and i are going back to her place tonight , and we 're locking down tight . ''
once jill finished her shower , they would make their official move to her place and cross their fingers that the killer made another attempt - now that her place had been completely security - proofed with alarms and video cameras .
once jill finished her shower , they would make their official move to her place and cross their fingers that the killer made another attempt - now that her place had been completely security - proofed with alarms and video cameras .
once they 'd been debriefed and mason was cleared by the doctor , they 'd gone back to her place , made love , and stayed there .
` ` well , let 's just say i ' m not sure there 's enough room in my truck for all the utensils and spices i would have to haul over to your place . ''
` ` so what do ya say we pick up your dog and your grandmother 's teacup and head back to my place tonight ? ''
` ` then i guess my place is officially vince - proofed to make up for buster 's guard doggy deficiencies . ''
at least he had a safe place to stay tonight .
so after they went to her place for clothes and keys , he took the long route to the command center where the briefing waited .
it 's likely he tried to rob the clinic that night to raise cash to leave town after the feds searched his place .
he suspected it could be a long time before he saw the inside of his place again.his heart jackhammered a litany of denial in his ears , but he could n't ignore reality .
i ' ve always longed for a place with nothing more personal than a razor and food . ''
she had to have noticed the lack of a condom , but after their explosive sex , she 'd hauled out of his place pronto .
sure she 'd rushed out of his place quickly .
` ` do you need a place to stay ?
he should be halfway to her place by now , but he could n't afford to let this opportunity pass .
she 'd tried to make this place her own , with everything from sunflowers in the front yard to a quilted wreath on the door .
she placed the flowers on the end table by the floral sofa , a perfect match for the rustic charm of her place .
he 'd left her place last night to give himself space to regain control .
` ` we bought this place to give t.j . the kind of upbringing neither of us had . ''
` ` is that why you made a move on me at my place , in your office - on the plane ? ''
she wanted to ask more about jacob 's military world , a place where he felt comfortable , even if the gates and fences and airplanes roaring overhead left her feeling a bit claustrophobic .
even moving to tacoma shouted at revisiting the place he 'd worked so damn hard to leave .
he shifted on the crummy mattress , dreaming of the day when he would have a new place of his own with first - class bedsprings and a big - ass television .
` ` while we 're driving , you should check your voice mail on the phone at your new place and on your cell . ''
you must have been itching to do this all those times you lurked around my place . ''
she inched into the room , unable to help noticing how stark it looked for a place he must have lived in for months .
but he still remembered those same fists shaking when he 'd seen her in the sport bra and high - cut panties she 'd been wearing when he made his way into her place after her ` ` milk shake '' call .
` ` yes , i have a friend recovering at my place for a while . ''
this was a man 's place now , regardless of how many floral sheets or froufrou comforters she brought into the place .
this was a man 's place now , regardless of how many floral sheets or froufrou comforters she brought into the place .
` ` just tying up some loose ends to rig better security for your place . ''
they were n't staying at her place .
once things have settled out here and you ' ve got a place of your own ? ''
since lauren 's no longer in the picture here , now that she 's on the plane to her mother 's , we 're going back to my place . ''
` ` i like your place here . ''
she could have sent carson to her place to pick something up , but he would n't leave the hospital and she really did n't want him rooting through her underwear drawer .
she watched him saunter into her apartment , a place he 'd never stepped inside before .
their one night together had been at his place , a beach community bungalow he 'd bought from another military family when they 'd moved .
however as much as she wanted to return to her place and simply invest in a kick - ass security system , she could n't forget her mother 's strained face and difficult pregnancy .
except halfway to the marina for a day of sailing , he 'd turned toward her parents ' place to ask her to join him - just to keep her occupied and cheer her up after her forced sabbatical .
` ` uh , i meant back at my place , or yours . ''
when he reexamined their conversations about that night , never once did she say they had sex , only that they 'd gone to his place .
` ` are you ready to go back to your folks ' place ?
nikki snuggled closer against his chest again , need sparking to life stronger , hinting it might be time to burn rubber back to her place .
she wanted a normal place to bring up her child , a place without fences or stone walls .
she wanted a normal place to bring up her child , a place without fences or stone walls .
he needed to get paige and kirstie settled back at her place before he returned to base and started digging deeper for info about paige 's life here in minot .
after securing the plane at anderson 's place , he 'd jogged the mile over to the barn and found her ... gentle voice soothing the spooked horse while she listened to the heart , lungs , stomach for punctured organs , like an ems tech for animals .
the in - flight mechanic had laughed his ass off over bo explaining he would be bunking out at paige 's place .
living in the same place crammed more getting - to - know - each - other time into a few days than he would normally have in a month of dates .
` ` we 're going to be alone at your place for the weekend ?
she 'd planned ahead enough to bring bubble bath to his place ?
even in the dark of night with only the stars and a couple of security lights , he could see she 'd lived in one helluva place during her time here as mrs . haugen .
she shuddered to think of how many trips she 'd made out here alone to chuck anderson 's place , this danger lurking .
once the cops had arrived at anderson 's place , ems had sped him to a downtown civilian hospital , where a military flight surgeon from the base waited .
but in two weeks , we 'll have everything settled out , and you 'll be able to return to your place .
can you go to her place for the weekend , talk to her first ? ''
` ` i guess that means i will not be bunking at your place when i get to the united states . ''
no question , leaving this place was the right thing to do , but still an odd homesickness already tore at her soul .
no doubt playing in hopes of luring the splashing hot tub mermaid back to his place .
` ` i know you 'll need your own place and a job , so why not settle in charleston ?
` ` well , sweetie , it 's time for me to get a place of my own . ''
november in charleston never was , not like the five other places she 'd lived .
beach property always fills , and your place will be there waiting for you afterward .
` ` you left it at my place . ''
she had her world right where she wanted it with a great job that let her travel yet provided the stability of one place to call home .
` ` bronco and i can drive your car to your place tomorrow after debrief . ''
where 's your place ? ''
the turnoff to his north charleston apartment approached , lori 's place still at least a half hour away .
` ` moving lori 's car back to her place .
things she 'd left at his place .
his whole place was blue , wood and white .
he could track her down at her place or the hospital , and they could still see magda together .
let 's cart this up to your place . ''
` ` why did you bring me to your parents ' place ? ''
` ` the minute the plane landed in charleston , i blew off debrief with a lame excuse and met you at my place that night like we 'd planned . ''
instinct told him it would be a long , quiet ride back to her place .
the place had clearly been serviced , from the fresh basket of fruit on the kitchen island to the thriving plants climbing toward the vaulted ceiling .
somewhere along the line , he 'd lost sight of the details , just seeing the place as home .
hillary looked around the kitchen with all its windows showcasing the wide - open space ... much like troy 's place .
she deserved everything coming her way after she 'd been all but snobby about the place .
his home is actually very rustic - with a lot of high - tech gadgetry of course , but the look of the place is earthy .
molly had spent a lifetime searching for a place to belong and she 'd found it with her biological father , but it had n't stopped her from making a space for others in her heart .
when i was your age , i rarely stayed in the same place for more than a year or two , three max .
give you a place to stay until you feel emotionally strong enough to go after your next rich conquest ?
i have ty and lacey and ty 's mom , flo , and a place to go for the holidays now , unlike when i was a kid .
remembering himself at fifteen , hunter knew that if he were in seth 's place , he 'd be snooping around on his own for answers .
in truth , work that should have taken him no time had extended itself for hours because he 'd been preoccupied wondering what lilly was doing back at his place , knowing she could n't possibly find much more to make sparkle and shine .
still shaken , she drove slowly back to ty 's place after the mall security guard , who 'd arrived shortly after the incident , had taken their statement .
do you want to go back to my place ? ''
and she kept her composure while they drove in silence to ty 's mother 's house where they were going to stay until his place had been aired out and cleaned , top to bottom .
of course , he still had n't told his soon - to - be wife that lilly 's birthday a few days before that would effectively ensure he not only had no trust fund , he also had no place to live .
home was where her heart beat a little faster and a place she could come to at the end of a satisfying or frustrating day and know he was there waiting .
` ` you can just drop me off outside my friend 's place , '' i say , changing my mind .
we 're almost at my dorm , a place i wo n't have to see in another few weeks , when he looks over at me .
i was going to sleep on callie 's couch until a real solid job came through and i could afford a place of my own . ''
nothing had the stark , hands - off feeling of pete 's apartment , a place where mike slept but had yet to feel at home .
i need a place to stay while i research the area and take some pictures . ''
you said you need a place to stay in the hamptons . ''
though he still kept his apartment in manhattan , it was more a place for weekend stays and work emergencies than his home .
only this time , these kids would know love and happiness ... and security ... mike glanced back at the old house , and the woman with whom he would make this place a home .
hours later , feeling good , she walked around kevin 's place , determined to make it a real home .
it did n't take money to convey warmth and personality , to make an empty , rambling house a place kevin would want to return to each night .
` ` for one thing , she has no place else to go and for another , she ca n't possibly love me . ''
breakfast at my place ?
much like the downstairs unit he and alix called home , this place spoke of class that had nothing to do with status and everything to do with its owner .
griff and alix in her apartment created the illusion of a real home , something this place would never be .
when he 'd bought the house , he 'd tried to imbue the place with warmth and felt he had succeeded everywhere except for the kitchen .
if anything , that apartment now reminded her of alix and the joy children could bring anywhere , even a place they were n't meant to be .
what bugged him even more was that he had to visit his brother at cara 's house , a place filled with memories even he could n't shut off .
she 'd make a quick stop at her place to change clothes and head on over to joe 's .
when she hit the fresh air , it was cold outside , and she 'd left her jacket and purse in the jeep , so cara was glad mike caught up with her almost as soon as she reached his place .
at the very least , the cold night air and the drive to her parents ' place would give him time to cool down .
he 'd seen the shock in her eyes when he told her his place was around the corner .
he did n't even mind the fact that they were in his small apartment , a place he usually reserved for private time away from the job and any undercover assignment he 'd been on .
the words sounded pulled from a place he rarely visited , rarely shared .
he liked that she had a place of her own , away from the turmoil with her parents .
can we go to your place ? ''
gritting his teeth , he headed to his old mustang for the drive to his father 's place .
` ` then cara will take you back to our place . ''
` ` i do n't care who takes me home , but i ' m going back to my place . ''
` ` i 'll take her back to her place and stay .
` ` she 's coming to my place until we can ascertain who shot her and why , and until i know she 's safe . ''
` ` makes me wonder what my mom would have done if she 'd had a place like this to come to , '' he said , staring into the dark night as he drove .
it was so good to have her parents back and the whole family in one place .
she was hysterical because she 'd been setting up a special place for the two of you to live and she found out erin was pregnant . ''
though she 'd unpacked her clothes , she still needed the accessories and personal touches that would make the place feel like home .
once she arrived back at the apartment and started to put away all her staples and other items , nicole stepped back and eyed the place in dismay .
` ` want company on your hunt for a new place to live ? ''
but there were touches that made the place a home , like photos of his family , and accent pieces , as erin called them , that looked good but sam did n't know anything about .
` ` how about we go to your place over joe 's so i can at least wash up .
since he did n't normally spend the night anywhere but his own place , he came awake immediately and realized where he was and who he was with .
aware that nicole was moving into her place , sam stopped by whenever he could to help .
he 'd never slept at a woman 's place nor had one stay over at his for obvious reasons , yet doing it with nicole felt right .
i want to hang it in the hall when you walk into my place .
tell him to meet us at your place now . ''
while nicole packed , sam headed home to his place to do the same .
he also took on the job of arranging for a place for them to stay .
they fell into a routine whereby they alternated whose place they slept at .
we 'll reevaluate that lease on the house , because i ' m not keeping separate places longer than i have to . ''
but jake and brianne planned for kids and rina wanted to be an aunt who had sleepovers and provided fun and a safe haven , not a place where they had to tiptoe and be quiet for fear of breaking something .
` ` he does n't bring women back to his place , either . ''
` ` my place is closer , '' he said at the same time .
he does n't bring women back to his place , logan had said .
he does n't bring women back to his place .
now , gifts under the tree , they were relaxing at her place , when the doorbell rang .
after making love in front of the fire , they 'd showered , gone out for a quick burger , picked up a change of clothes for him and returned to her place for the night .
away from the family he did n't really have , the place he did n't belong .
` ` i know that after a party at my place , i want to crawl into bed and stay there for days .
i ' ve talked corinne into taking a second mortgage on their place .
` ` i 'll be at your place bright and early to help you move in . ''
musty and old with linoleum floors and chipped - paint walls , it had been the place he 'd called home for many years .
` ` it 's only been one night , but the place is n't the same without you . ''
on his way home , jake had stopped by frank 's place for a visit .
maybe it was his presence here that made this place a home for them .
with the silence surrounding him , he missed his apartment , a place where he could slam his front door shut in pure anger .
she 'd laid her heart out to him again , only this time jake did n't have any place to run off to .
` ` i ' m sure you realize i already have a place to live , emma . ''
he 'd fight her need to return to the place she loved best , the place that helped her to find her place in the world .
he 'd fight her need to return to the place she loved best , the place that helped her to find her place in the world .
but he 'd already accepted money for expenses on this assignment , already lived in an apartment emma paid rent on , already put his mother on a waiting list for the next available space in the assisted living facility of her choice - a place where she could remain among friends and retain as much quality of life as possible .
` ` my place is ten minutes from here .
kane had only swallowed his pride and asked for a place to crash in order to avoid social services and foster care .
a place to live enabling him to avoid foster care in exchange for kane 's promise to raise himself and stay out of the drunken man 's way .
the place he 'd be returning to tonight , alone .
when luke was born , she 'd insisted she needed a place of her own and his father had put up a gazebo in the most private corner of the yard , right off the side door to the house .
i need to get a bigger place , though . ''
the place had been around longer than most in serendipity , and that was saying something , but each generation had kept the place up and added modern touches .
then you and i will go back to your place and you 'll tell me everything . ''
they settled into silence , not as comfortable as what she was used to , and she was afraid to look too deeply into why , knowing in her heart it had to do with him looking at buying a place to live and knowing how permanent that felt .
but when we get back to your place , i am going to need you to tell me everything about your brother and the situation .
` ` move into my house and forget about looking for a place to live . ''
ethan and faith would be back sunday night and she 'd be moving back to the still - new place she needed to make feel like home .
they drove to his place , kelly 's nerves in high gear by the time they reached his town house complex .
it had been a while since she 'd had a place where the people surrounding her cared about her and she cared for them right back .
i was just going to go upstairs to my place for a little while . ''
the timing was perfect , what with faith getting married and me needing a place to live . ''
she and nash had sold the place they 'd bought when they got married and annie now rented from a couple who 'd moved to florida to be nearer to their children .
it 's collapsible and i thought if she already has one here i could bring this one over to your place .
he had n't seen her since he 'd caught joe leaving her place , but she could n't know that .
this place always made her feel less than , in a way not even ethan 's mansion managed to do .
when we get back to your place , we 'll talk about your mom , '' he promised her .
the fridge was empty and the place needed a good dusting .
funny , in all the time he 'd spent at kelly 's , he 'd never cared how small her place was .
it was the photographs that gave the place a lived - in , homey touch and at a glance , lissa recognized the various photos of trevor 's family , his parents , his sister and her husband , and their new baby .
you go home to your place . ''
if he was going to make this place home , it needed to be furnished .
i just need to say good night to kate and then i 'll go up to my place .
as long as the kid has a place that feels like home , that 's all i care about right now . ''
as long as the kid has a place that feels like home , that 's all i care about right now .
call me if by some miracle she shows up at your place ? ''
can you drop me off at my place ? ''
i know faith 's working on that , but i did n't want to wait for all her furniture orders to come in before we started enjoying the place . ''
so was rosalita , and after promising rosalita he 'd take care of the woman she considered like a daughter , ethan left for his brother 's place across town .
now nash knew how ethan must have felt when he 'd picked tess up from his place only to find nash , dare , and tess having breakfast without him .
if holly did n't love the dog so much , derek would move fred to his father 's place for good .
derek grabbed the rifle , intending to lock it up tight at his place or in the trunk of his suv .
gabrielle stopped at the dunkin ' donuts in town , a new addition to main street , and headed for sharon 's parents ' place .
still , someone had been in her room and ransacked the whole place .
` ` what happened at her place ?
` ` you mean , whoever broke into her place could break in here if she was staying with us ? ''
she belongs at her place .
we stopped by her place and someone had broken in there , too- '' sharon knew she was rambling , but the stony look on richard 's face had her in a panic .
i was giving her a place to stay while she was in trouble and making sure she was safe , but we 're not ... we are n't together anymore . ''
gabrielle had lived in boston before she 'd gotten back together with derek and they 'd kept her place as a city retreat or an office in case gabrielle was on deadline and needed peace and quiet .
` ` to my father 's place .
barely bigger than a walk - in closet , the place oozed eccentricity .
she 'd been in his apartment for a few days and yet he was forced to admit the place felt empty without her .
with your wife stayin ' here and your cousin derek and his wife coming and going like they own the place , a man ca n't get any privacy . ''
he did n't say one word on the car ride back to his father 's place .
as she glanced around her father 's old apartment , she realized she had to let the place go if she wanted to move forward .
on a notepad she began a to - do list , starting with the intention to give notice on his apartment lease and find a new place of her own to live .
if there had been money left in the estate after the debts and her grandmother 's lawyer bills , lauren knew beth would have wanted to keep the place , but that was n't possible .
he had n't had a chance to put his mark on the place yet , so he 'd spent the past few days priming the walls in the lower section of the loft so he could paint over the gray his uncle had chosen .
the sun did n't shine in the windows until late in the afternoon and he needed a brighter color to perk up the place .
since this was the first permanent place jason had lived in , as opposed to hotel rooms and short - term rentals , he 'd chosen stark white instead .
` ` do you have any place you can stay tonight ? ''
you 'll be staying at my place . ''
college events would bring visitors who would need a place to stay .
why give kids a place to come if you think it 's going to stigmatize them ? ''
i 'd rather give kids a place to come where they can experience the freedom of learning in a nonjudgmental environment , no matter what their problems or issues are . ''
true there 'd been a fair share of cancellations from people not willing to risk not having a place to go for vacation , but according to mara , most of the calls praised vaughn and the summer program .
` ` want to spend the night at my place ? ''
` ` how about we go back to my , place and you can call your uncle and sister from there ?
if not , we come in weekly to freshen the place up and keep it from getting musty while nobody 's living here . ''
` ` growing up , i could n't think of anything better than having my own place to hit a ball . ''
the dog she was babysitting stared from the place she 'd adopted as her own .
can you bring me a list of all the places spencer has vacationed in the past few years along with the phone numbers of any relatives he regularly speaks to ? ''
roper had n't mentioned that amy had spent the night at his place new year 's eve , but micki understood why .
getting him away from his family to a place where he can work out , where he can do his physical therapy and focus solely on getting his game back is exactly what he needs . ''
` ` my place , '' she answered before she could change her mind .
over the plain white wooden slatted blinds , amy had put up new ruffled curtains that gave the place a womanly feel .
` ` you should n't just barge in as if you own the place , '' cassandra chided him .
` ` i had n't given him back my key , so i let myself into his place while he was at work and checked the laptop .
i could have the place to myself and not have to worry about anyone thinking i was weird for my little habits .
lottie had sent me a text asking if i wanted to hang out at her place and have dinner , and it seemed as good an idea as any , so i messaged her back asking if she could give me a ride .
lottie 's voice cut through the space between us again and she kept it up for the rest of the ride to her new place .
i felt odd eating at her place every night , but she refused to listen when i offered to buy groceries , or cook my own food , or help in any way .
trish and lottie were still chattering about reasons for me not to transfer as we trouped up the stairs to katie and stryker 's place .
i just assumed we 'd go back to her place and be naked all day .
his stuff was all over my place now .
it 's just that this is the first time you ' ve stayed over at my place and it 's not as clean as yours and i ' m sorry . ''
` ` i thought lottie was crazy for moving in with zan so quick , but now i ' m seeing the appeal of having your own place , '' i said .
19 when audrey modeled the little pink lacy bits of fabric for me that night back at her place , it was all i could do to not rip the thing off her .
we had n't technically moved in , but a lot of my stuff was here and i barely slept at my own place now .
it was easier than going back and forth and her place was much cleaner .
or maybe i was cleaner when i went to her place .
` ` why is it that you 're so clean here , yet your place is a wreck ? ''
i 'll have everything else set up at my place . ''
i 'd gone over to her place to have her help me find the roller skates that aud had described to me .
i had my own stuff at her place , so i did the same , even running a brush through the ends of my hair .
it was impossible to explain the complicated dynamic of my family to someone like kelly , who had moved out of her parents ' house and gotten her own place when she was still in high school .
my parents had a half - dozen marriages between them and kids and stepkids all over the place .
i could get a place and a job and then they 'd get off my back .
i forgot my phone at your place anyway . ''
` ` no , i have my own place in old town .
i do n't want to spend a shit ton of money on a wedding if we ca n't even afford to pay for our health insurance or a place to live .
it was a wonder i had n't gotten raped , or had anything else happen to me , but kelly and mac had always looked out for me , and if things got crazy , we usually went back to his place and just drank with his friends .
once i was at his place i could take it down and let it dry .
it 's really his place and i just live here . ''
you mind giving me a ride back to my place ? ''
i almost told him to say hello to napoleon for me , but that would have been like admitting i 'd been to his place and then there would be a lot of questions that i could n't answer .
i was a little reluctant to fool around at yellowfield house after the first time , so i started staying over at his place .
it was home to dorothy , the place she had always insisted there was no place like .
because instead of returning to the place where she lived her life - the place where she belonged - she wanted to stay here with michael , in the place where he lived his life and where he belonged .
` ` so did you get to see much of your nana frost and aunt esmeralda and cousin chloe , with them living in other places ? ''
putting aside , for now , the fact that this was just a bizarre request on adrian 's part , and the fact that her mouth was running at a hundred miles per hour with her excitement about it , he asked , ` ` why do you have a key to adrian 's place ? ''
this is the perfect opportunity for us to go search his place and see if we can find out what he 's up to . ''
at worst , he 's still here in town , and he 's just waiting for you and me to go over to his place , and there will be a booby trap of some kind waiting for us . ''
i mean , here we are alone at my place , with no one to bother us .
she 'd been doing that ever since they left adrian 's place , he realized .
she only knew that once they were safely away from adrian 's place , she 'd been overcome by a fierce agitation unlike anything she 'd ever felt before , as if there were some powerful force bottled up inside her too tightly , an uncontrollable chemical reaction that was about to explode with the strength of an atom bomb if she did n't do something to release it .
his place was pretty stark and spartan , with little color and less warmth .
` ` you and i can go back to your place and talk .
or we can go to my place and talk .
yes , she wanted to tell him , they should leave and go back to her place .
no friendly little house - cleaning brownies had come by while she 'd been working to clean the place up .
but if she was lying about being agoraphobic , then what had caused her to go off the way she had back at her place ?
` ` you 're going to take avery nesbitt back to her place long enough for her to pack some clothes and make any necessary arrangements for leaving town . ''
i figured cowboy and i would just keep tabs on her at her place . ''
and he had a place of his own - maybe just a loft in the village , but it was his .
maybe not as it was for carly , who continued to live here as an adult - avery had always planned to have her own place after she graduated from college .
it had been comforting to know that if life threw her a curve she could n't handle , she 'd have a place to call home .
not that he had a clue what her place looked like - he was , after all , a lowbrow , low - income , lower - class lowlife who would never be invited inside - but he 'd had a vivid imagination since he was a boy and he was n't afraid to use it .
because if adrian knew where she lived , and if he 'd scoped out her place , he might have known she was being surveilled even before she found out about it herself .
it was the only place she felt safe , where she lived , worked , played , everything .
` ` why would n't he press to meet you at your place ? ''
` ` even if we have to spend them all here at my place because i ' m too scared to go out ? ''
the whole place was tidy and spotless , as if it had just recently been cleaned .
in fact , she 'd heard the television going in his place on friday and saturday night both .
even if he did n't bring a woman home with him , he usually had plenty of invitations to go to a woman 's place instead .
` ` especially after what we found at his place that night .
she left it to me when she died , since my sister and her husband already had a place in tysons corner and she knew i wanted to stay close to home after i graduated from georgetown . ''
the bathroom was the only room in the place that boasted anything remotely resembling color .
three years ago she 'd finally decided she 'd put enough time and distance between herself and her family that she could risk staying in one place and being one person long enough to earn a degree that would enable her to support herself honestly and without having to look over her shoulder all the time .
clue number two that joel was currently being held against his will in the hiding place of the man he was supposed to have in restraints by now himself .
which was strange , since it was cluttered with the remnants of four generations of faradays , and never before had he found the place lacking in any way .
because it had taken every last minute of those hours to get her and joel to a place where they were almost as comfortable together as they had been before .
miss stump had obviously attempted to make the place more comfortable - a table and chairs were in the center of the room , and a print of ladies in bright dresses hung on the wall .
` ` is this your place ?
he made sure i had a place to sleep - for often we moved , from theater to theater or even from one rental room to another .
` ` indio needs ... food and clothes and ... a place to sleep , does n't he ? ''
a place to make beautiful in his own design after four years of stagnation in bedlam .
would he even survive the move out of this place ?
country life suited her , she 'd found , and the estate would be a perfect place to raise her child .
winter looked up from the letter he was reading just in time to see a little white and black terrier trot into the room as if he owned the place .
i 'll find another place to live . ''
in the last month , he 'd gotten used to having ` ` uncle reggie '' about the place , and while he would n't call the other man his bosom bow yet , they were getting along rather well .
` ` but- '' ` ` we 'll just have to find another place to stay . ''
for now , all you need to know is that we must find another place to stay . ''
i need a place to stay right now . ''
the place might ' ve once been nice .
` ` the new place is pretty nice , '' he said .
she was staying at noelle 's paris penthouse until she found a place of her own , but although she was technically homeless , she had zero complaints about her current digs .
unpacking , briefing her boss , finding a new place to live ...
the memory of isabel 's old place , the manhattan walk - up she 'd abandoned him in , brought a bitter taste to his mouth .
` ` into your old place . ''
grinning , sean flopped down on the couch like he owned the place .
not to mention the three enormous bedrooms , private terrace , amazing sound system ... morgan must have shelled out some big bucks to secure this place for the month .
the place was a lot nicer than it looked from the outside .
the place was clean and cozy , littered with children 's toys , textbooks , and framed photos of cora and katie .
he 'd never come over to her place before , and she did not want him going upstairs .
i can be at your place in twenty . ''
the place was incredible , ten times the size of her apartment and most certainly expensive .
she 's safe and sound at her place .
mom 's got a new place in the suburbs , and my sisters both live near the french quarter . ''
the place was the size of a closet , consisting of that lime green bedroom , a small living room sandwiched next to an even smaller kitchen , and a lot of peeling paint on the walls .
` ` i ' m going to get dressed and drive over to her place . ''
he supposed he could always find a place of his own , somewhere cooler , like some of the other guys who worked for morgan , but f**k , what kind of life would he lead ?
` ` i have a place in new york , but it 's just a small walk - up .
eight emails and zen present day < br/ > he needed a place to stay , so when my roommate turned out to be a compulsive shoe - napper and fled in the middle of the night with my entire footwear collection , i did n't think twice about asking him to move in .
mostly we hang out at my place .
i resented being forced out of the only home i had ever known , the only place i had ever known .
dr . bishop set up a laboratory and medical area in every new place that we moved into .
and there was no way in hell that i was ever coming back to this place again .
` ` and a place to stay ? ''
my place is only half a mile from here .
i had found a place to belong , a place of safety within his arms .
although every part of me screamed against leaving our mother in that tiny room , a place i never wanted to return to myself , i was n't sure there was anything else that we could do .
we ' ve found a place to stay for the past couple of days .
he had n't known he craved a wife and family , a place to call home .
i have n't gotten a lot , but i did n't want to leave evidence that anyone had been around the place . ''
it was crowded , so i just figured they 'd found a bigger place to live . ''
do n't let anyone in or out of her place .
he stayed in the shadows as he made his way down the blocks of warehouses back up toward jaimie 's place .
i ran into a couple of suspects , but they backed off her place .
she 'd set up a partnership so when he and kane retired , they 'd have a place to come .
paul appeared to be a boy looking for a place to settle .
at last she 'd found a place she could be happy .
he probably offered her money to stay in a nice warm room and she waited there , thinking she had a good gig , a place to stay and food to eat .
he could n't let her go , no matter how illogical that had been , so instead he 'd opened his home , offering her the job as well as light housekeeping in exchange for a place to live .
she was crazy for thinking she could make a place for herself .
she was already taking him to a place he could n't come back from .
she 'd tried not to think about it too much , but the loss of the first place she 'd ever thought of as home was devastating .
they 'd gone to the cafe du monde and over beignets and cafe au lait he 'd offered her a place to stay on his houseboat .
most of burrell 's friends knew her and they would treat her injuries and give her a place to stay , but unfortunately raoul was part of their community - she doubted if they would hide her presence from his grandmother or him .
and why was it so damned necessary to him that she survive in a place with him ?
i ' ve got us a place to spend the night .
we need a place to stay , and riordan de la cruz has given us this beautiful house .
he had traveled throughout the world , rather than remaining in one place , so he 'd never truly found another environment to call home .
i chose to set up sanctuaries for our wolf brethren knowing fen needed a place to rest and heal at times .
then paul had driven through the rest of the night to find a place for them to stay during the day .
i command thee , fire , wrap this place like a cocoon that can not be penetrated .
her nerves had been all over the place , but once josef had returned for her and she was on her way , all she could think about was reaching dimitri , freeing him , and holding him close to her .
they both needed the safe haven she 'd spoken of , a place to heal and be alone .
at least he knew why he was all over the place .
` ` daciana , lykaon and makoce can find you a place to stay until we can make homes within the forest where you 'll be more comfortable . ''
` ` you sure it 's still ok that meg and i stay in your place when we get to la ? ''
not that she planned to stay there long , just long enough to find a part - time job and for her and meg to get their own place .
` ` i hear you 're going to stay at your brother 's while you find your own place in la . ''
` ` i do monitor his place when he 's in town and come to events like this with him . ''
you 're already giving me a place to live . ''
i 'll meet you at your place in fifteen . ''
` ` the night of the attack i left my place to pick you up at six twenty , picked up flowers on the way , and pulled into your drive at ten to the hour . ''
outside mitch 's place , dennis and russell were inside the van with neil ... all working hard to find out any information they could about mitch larson .
there are plenty of kids who need help that slip through the system because they do n't have a place to sleep at night .
karen would love to have had a place like this to run to when she was a kid .
yeah , i would have waited until she was out of school ... until i 'd saved some money and we could find a place of our own .
they 'd find a hotel that would n't ask questions and he 'd make a phone call in the morning once they were far away from the place they slept .
should n't we find a place to stay ? ''
i ' m at your place with neil 's security team .
maybe i should take kate and joey to my place for a few days .
` ` my place , to pick up a few things .
but why had the bastard trashed her place ?
` ` why trash her place ?
` ` they are leaving his place now . ''
the sooner we 're finished , the sooner we can get back to your place . ''
her place has a view of the lake , but nothing like this . ''
put your garbage in front of my place once in a while so people do n't realize i ' m gone . ''
you know how many locations we have and i ' m sure i can find a place for you if you want to leave .
monica dozed all the way up the hill , and barely realized they were at his place when he helped her out of the car .
glen had to fly back home but was making room for him at his place until trent decided what he wanted to do and where he wanted to do it .
he hung out , ran into walt , and finagled a ride to my place . ''
now that she was out and jessie had married jack , she had the place to herself .
` ` i ' m just saying that you do n't have to find another place to stay if you wan na come home . ''
i thought about taking you to my place but i did n't want to scare you off . ''
you 'll have the place to yourself . ''
` ` he was at your place .
he had the occasional family photo , but for the most part the place felt like a house and not a home .
` ` bums off my place when he wants a decent night 's sleep . ''
` ` you know mom is expecting us at her place at two . ''
from the sound of it , he does n't stay put for any real length of time , and he mooches off his friends when he needs a place to stay .
if you had an in with the morrison , i 'd suggest you call your place ' morrison west ' or something like that .
` ` or a friend 's place .
think about it : we 're going to disneyland and we 're staying at jack 's place .
` ` jack 's place . ''
the closest we came was a few flurries that hit the foothills near my mom 's place .
he needed to get out of her place before he broke down and kissed her again .
i ' m sure you 'll be spending some ' alone time ' at his place .
` ` our own place , '' jack told him .
unlike maccoinnich keep in the highlands of scotland , the place she 'd grown up , mrs . dawson 's southern california home was virtually empty of inhabitants .
luckily , helen kept a spare at mrs . dawson 's home , or she 'd be breaking into her own place , covering up whatever damage philip might have done .
the thought of philip ransacking her place for a few bucks would have made her laugh if not for the fact that he had been in her home without her permission .
she 'd surely find a place to stay among them .
sure , he 'd been invited to dinner by women at their place , but never his .
` ` only because i had no other place to go . ''
every time he let himself into their place , he felt a little more grown - up .
that mangy mutt walked right in like he owned the place and made a mess .
maybe i should just give you a ride on over to your parents ' place .
home is a place they always feel safe , secure and loved .
they ' ve got a key to my place .
i spent most of every summer down at the vincents ' place .
she told me that she needed a place of her own , a place where she can be alone .
she told me that she needed a place of her own , a place where she can be alone .
` ` your place is quite accommodating . ''
the place was a mess , and appeared as if some sort of battle had accompanied the puddle of blood .
she needed protection from the earl 's enemies , and i needed a place to live away from - well , that 's another story for a time when we have time .
the entire place was in shambles , the sheets that had covered furnishings gone up in flames .
still , more often than he cared to admit , had him waking , desperate , in the middle of the day , wondering if there would be enough bread for dinner or a place to sleep .
that interlude at his place , when he 'd been more than a gentleman , more kind and unassuming than she 'd ever experienced ... had been a lie .
although the place i lived while a boy was much different than le marais , '' giordan said with a sidewise , wry smile .
narcise had imagined a scenario in which she 'd slipped from the house with a bag on her shoulder when the place was quiet and everyone was sleeping or otherwise distracted .
if there was a place in london safe from belial or unwanted guests , it was the corvindale residence .
` ` she 's in a rough spot and needs a place to stay . ''
` ` she needed a place to stay and we have an extra room .
` ` and then we can get our own place ? ''
` ` we ca n't afford our own place , '' bridgette says .
` ` it 's obvious you need a place to stay , and we ' ve got an empty room .
` ` she needs a place to stay , so i 'll probably just let her use brennan 's room .
welcome to the weirdest place you 'll ever live . ''
her boyfriend cheated on her and she needed a place to stay . ''
we 'd be broke if we got our own place . ''
she left a little after dusk and took a cab up to his place . ''
the cabin was a dump , but he 'd stayed in worse places .
but ... it looked like ben was back in his cabin , the little place in desolate , north dakota .
` ` i ca n't go back to my place . ''
` ` you do n't have a place there anymore . ''
keenan had a place ?
you go , i 'll meet you back at- '' our place .
chapter fifteen sam 's place was as quiet as a tomb .
` ` just take me to your place .
within minutes , he had seline at his place , locked inside , and on his bed .
just a bedroom and a bath , a place to crash when the nights rolled together .
he perched on the house across the street from anthea 's place , and he just watched us . ''
` ` and cops are probably raiding your place right now , '' she continued , talking too fast .
she had n't gone back to her place .
` ` this place is safe .
` ` okay , do n't freak on me , but we 're at my brother 's place . ''
we need to get her back to my place .
` ` i see my brother has taken to breaking into my place ... and bringing violent friends to visit . ''
the whole place had been redone .
but why would he be knocking at his own place ?
he 'd gone back to his place in the swamp .
` ` your place is torched .
going back to his place in the city sure was n't an option .
why 'd you burn your own place down ? ''
then a laugh that was desperate before he said , ` ` why do you think i was burning my place and trying to run ?
tanner was n't sure what he 'd find waiting back at his place .
the place she 'd built from the ground up .
she 'd been living at her father 's place back then , and they 'd shared late - night dinners .
* * * an hour later , chance had gwen safely installed at his place .
he thought that bastard had just planted cameras or bugs at gwen 's place .
or even gone to my father 's place . ''
` ` how did you get to my place so fast ? ''
especially after what she and chance had done at his place .
when i found those little devices tucked away at your place , i called him- '' ` ` and i started working to track the signal on those babies , '' dev finished as he leaned over the laptop .
` ` while lex was at your place , he picked up some clothes for you .
did you think no one would find the cameras you set up at gwen 's place ? ''
you broke into her place , you- '' ` ` i want to keep you safe , gwen , '' ethan said .
and , yes , okay , maybe i did have some cameras set at your place , but it was just so i could watch you !
she 'd never imagined that the eyes were on her because someone was watching from inside her place .
and that guy 's build ... his shape ... he looks like the guy i saw at her place the other night .
that 's why i had cameras at your place .
and when the guy slipped into her place , he used a key .
i knew he was coming after you , and that 's when i snuck into your place .
no sound at all was coming from inside her place .
from the look of things , he 'd been stabbed again and again ... a table had overturned next to him , and she remembered the crash she 'd heard when she and chance had been outside wicked , when daniel had been feeding them that line of bull about ethan wrecking the place in a fury .
it was the same question he 'd asked holly back at her place .
i left agents at her place to keep an eye on her .
` ` i 'd advise against going to your place , '' he said and pressed one more kiss to her wrist .
` ` just where was his place ? ''
` ` it 's my brother 's place . ''
the sooner she got back to the safety of her place , the better .
` ` i need to get you some place safe , then i 'll hunt him and- '' ` ` no ! ''
they were back at his place , and terese was currently curled in the fetal position on his bed .
she 'd thought that if leto could n't find a place to birth her children , then both leto and the offspring she carried would all die .
when she 'd been in new york , her place had been so much bigger - so close to the lights of broadway .
` ` that would have been back when you were patrolling , doing your circles around her place . ''
she wanted to get inside , she wanted to get her place ready , then she could do just that .
i was ... dammit , i was waiting at your place for you .
that she torched her own place ? ''
that will save me money because i can get rid of my place .
but ... she 'd just gotten that wonderful security system at her place .
` ` you just assumed we 'd be going back to your place ? ''
` ` seeing as how he was outside of your place for the last hour . ''
` ` just how long were you outside of my place ? ''
you know , parker never stopped spinning the story about you breaking into his place and assaulting him . ''
dangerous for sara and for you , and there is no way on earth that i ' m just going to sit in the penthouse while you rush off to face whatever is happening at her place . ''
my men are on their way to her place and- '' alex pointed to his car .
* * * ` ` i do n't have any place to stay . ''
having her place trashed ?
one as big as the place he had in new york .
there was n't any place for her to go back to .
she 'd thought colby stayed close to his place in alabama these days .
` ` some place new , '' she told him , her voice still soft .
` ` so when a lady gets accosted at my place , well , you can imagine that tends to piss me off . ''
drake 's jaw locked as they entered his apartment - that was what she thought of that place as , anyway .
` ` my grandfather 's place .
healthy plants and colorful orchids make the place seem less sterile .
we 're gathered at his private residence , a place most of these people have never seen .
` ` we 're moving in to tarin 's place for at least the first week .
` ` if it makes you feel better , you can bring your stupid games to his place if he does n't already have what you need . ''
it warms me to think he likes charlie 's place despite its shabby parts .
i make a mental note to do some checking into possible info leaks among the crew when we get back to tarin 's place .
the view of downtown is spectacular , making me wonder what the rent is for a place like this .
i send away the maid that scott hired , choosing instead to lose myself in the monotonous task of cleaning up the place .
if you want , i 'll go find another place for us to stay in , i do n't care . ''
i ' m here in the hospital with her for now , and then i ' m going to bring her to my place to recuperate . ''
` ` she 's in town , about fifteen minutes from my place .
you 're going to my place . ''
by being a friend and giving her a place to stay . ''
all she needs to do is earn some money somehow and then she can move to the other side of the country , to a place where he 'd never think to look for her .
i 'll just drop a check by your place tomorrow .
find a place , settle in , start a new life .
` ` you have a place to go ? ''
they help women and kids get back on their feet after they ' ve had troubles , get a place to stay and a job .
i have to move out , get my own place . ''
they were thinking you could use the money to find a place to live or to have surgery or whatever . ''
` ` he said i could use whatever money i got to move kitten to a new place .
john has n't made it out of the hospital yet , apparently , because the place definitely does n't have a lived - in feel anymore .
` ` i ca n't imagine this place without you anymore and i do n't want to . ''
` ` i ' m saying we need to get the heck out of this house and find a place we can stay on our own .
we can start on this as soon as we get to our place . ''
` ` and i 'd like to say it 's going to get better ; i just saw a copy shop back there and i ' m going to turn around so we can go online and find a place to stay . ''
so we just have to find a place to sleep tonight , and we 'll leave early in the morning to meet her at ten o'clock . ''
he took the dogs out for a walk , relieved to find they were both housebroken and that there was no dog crap to clean up in the room - not that it would have mattered in that place .
` ` but ... this place does n't even have a friggin dishwasher ! ''
the idea of home being a place he barely knew , temporary , a hideout from people like the one who 'd dogged him for the last ten hours - either in reality or in his mind - would have been unbearable if it had n't been for the people waiting there for him .
she moved into his place sometime after he came back from vegas and lots of people just assumed they were a couple . ''
we can do a lunch , here at your place . ''
leaving this place is a lot harder than i ever thought it would be .
i know we have a nice place , but how much can a cowboy who castrates bulls for a living appreciate a spa salon ?
she married another man - a friend of gavin 's - and then ended up in a bad way a couple months back , so he offered her a place to stay .
by the time she got to my place she 'd decided he 'd slept with some other woman and we were all in on the plan to keep it hush - hush .
we 're about to move into our new place , and i want things to go smoothly and for there to be no misunderstandings about what 's what . ''
as if i ' m not trouble enough for them , now they 're threatening to take the place apart .
` ` no , but you 're my boyfriend and if you want me to move into this place with you , then you have to be willing to work family shit out .
she 's like a darn termite in my brain , eating away at my thoughts and making it impossible for me to just live anonymously in this place .
she keeps up the chatter all the way to my place , but i can tell she 's hurt .
` ` i guess teagan just got back from her lawyer 's office , and she and quin are over at quin 's place .
it 's because of my friends here that i have a safe , anonymous place to live , far removed from my old life .
` ` you know ... the guy that was here at your place the other day .
do it at her house so you can see her place and get to know her as a person a little . ''
charity could not stop bragging about her baby 's new parents , all the way back to my place .
but he for sure preferred having charlie over at their place instead of yours .
` ` why do n't you do yourself a favor and shut your piehole until we get back to your place , huh ?
i guess i ' m just a little pissed that you blew off my best friend teagan when she needed a place to stay and you 're about to adopt this guy right off the street without even knowing him .
i hear he went to the doctor with jersey and even had dinner at your place ?
i chew my lip , trying to figure out how i can manipulate her into going to rebel 's place .
i do n't want her hanging out with the break - dancing alcoholics at her old apartment complex where she still has a place .
as in , she wanted to go sleep at her place tonight . ''
` ` she can stay at my place , '' colin says when he comes back in the room .
` ` she 's not staying at your place , trouble , '' mick says .
` ` you want to come over to my place for a second ?
` ` what about your new place ? ''
` ` that first door is your place .
and she 's here temporarily until she can get her own place . ''
` ` hell , you can even own your own place and call all the shots . ''
` ` you want to go home now instead of my place ? ''
` ` we 'll go to your place first , get you cleaned up , you can apologize to your mom and then we 'll go to my place . ''
` ` we 'll go to your place first , get you cleaned up , you can apologize to your mom and then we 'll go to my place . ''
` ` what 's so urgent about going to your place now ?
` ` maybe i 'll just go to your place , '' i say , stopping at the front door .
as i walk into rebel 's place , the first thing i see is alissa sitting on the couch with an e - reader in her hand .
` ` i 'd rather do it at my place , '' he says .
what ... she 's here for a day or two and suddenly this is her place and she 's calling the shots ?
` ` how about ... we 're a young couple looking for a place to make sweet , sweet love ... '' i jab him in the ribs again .
` ` i thought he 'd be at your place by now .
i ' m going to take rebel 's old place when he and teagan move out and you could be there with me .
summer would only suck half as much if quin were with me back at my father 's place .
i tried to tell my dad at the time he moved me in there that the condo was n't a good place for a college student 's living arrangements , but he did n't listen .
at least then i 'd have a place to stay .
he 'll be out , so we 'll have the place to ourselves .
before the word girlfriend even leaves my lips , i ' m hot pink and on fire and wishing for an earthquake to take this place down to rubble and save me from my self - imposed shame .
` ` you think i robbed your place ? ''
it 'll ruin her night to know what my place really looks like .
i want to start a conversation about him working at all hours , about him not having a life outside this place , about him being generous enough to give me something to wear before calling the cops on me , but none of those words will come .
i scowl the entire way over to my place , pointing to give him directions but saying nothing .
i wonder if his girlfriend will be jealous that he 's being so nice to me , but i do n't want to talk about her and bring her presence into this place .
` ` could n't let you stay in that place , '' he says , either ignoring or oblivious to my frustration as he takes a chair from the breakfast area .
` ` offering you a place to stay is n't taking responsibility for you .
now , more than any other time in my life , i value and need a warm and safe place to live ; and now , also for the first time in my life , whether i have that or not is completely and utterly up to me .
` ` she was staying in your place while you were gone , '' rebel explains .
maybe he 'll think i left them in his brother 's place on purpose so i can join the colin fan - girl club .
` ` you can stay here in my place . ''
maybe i can figure out how to turn the heat on in this place .
i get back to his place and lie down on the couch with my back facing the television , letting the tears come .
there 's a lie on the tip of my tongue , ready to tell him that i do n't want him to ever touch me or ever care about me or ever give me a place to stay again .
` ` i want you to stay at my place but in my bed .
and now , besides all that , he 's offering me a place to live .
` ` the place is n't as nice as the one your friend trace had for you , but it 's got a bed inside , four walls and a roof , so i figure it will do for now . ''
we can meet up at vaughn 's dad 's place . ''
` ` because this place is mine . ''
the place was as clean on the inside as it was on the outside .
now why the hell had she burned her lover 's place ?
the whole place could go up in flames .
` ` i 'll meet you back at your place . ''
` ` a man and a woman were just at my place , ` ` he said , ` ` and the guy ... his eyes were on fire . ''
` ` sounds like he 's tearing the place apart . ''
` ` they 'll think your fire destroyed this place , '' jeremiah said as his fingertips caressed the small , black case .
the pretty redhead walked into his hell as if she owned the place .
` ` if you think i give a damn about the vampires coming to my place ... '' his mouth hitched into a half - grin , but niol knew no amusement would show in the darkness of his eyes .
did n't open her mouth when he walked her to the front door of her place .
he had a place downtown , but he liked to stay here sometimes . ''
she 'd thought of the house on sycamore right before her evening news broadcast and realized that while the police had undoubtedly already searched carl 's studio apartment , they might not have had a chance to get into this place .
niol figured he 'd call one of his men later , get 'em to pick it up , drive it around town to throw off any watchers , and then bring it back to his place .
not as big as the antebellum , his place was a two - story brick home , with a wraparound balcony and a gleaming swimming pool .
his confusion must have shown because the woman had been damn doubtful at his place and just as furious as he 'd been .
` ` come with me to my place , '' he said again .
` ` the cops will head straight for her place .
it was dawn before todd made it back to his place .
she wanted them out of the bar and back at her place .
he had to swing by his place , find a shirt with buttons .
when he 'd awoken , cara had been gone , and he wondered for the fifth time since leaving his place why the woman had disappeared on him without a word .
` ` yeah , at my place , in my bed , until seven this morning . ''
he 'd like to keep her at his place , but he knew someone could have already staked out his home .
no , she called- '' ` ` i know - i know - but the call to your place was n't the last one she made . ''
he 'd dropped her off at her place , despite his lady 's vehement and loud protests .
` ` i went to his place , is that what you want ?
he would ' ve liked to have found out exactly why the sonofabitch was hanging outside the doc 's place .
after they talked to smith , he 'd drop the doc off at her place .
wished they could just keep driving , preferably back to his place so that he could find out more about emily 's needs .
and once they got to his place , well , what happened next would be entirely up to her .
she would not admit , would not , that she actually liked his place .
had n't asked if she wanted to spend the night at his place .
it was safer for her to stay at his place for the night .
chapter 8 colin arrived at her place just after eight , and the minute he walked into her house , emily knew something was wrong .
` ` go back to my place and call- '' ` ` step away from the woman , now ! ''
chapter 12 he took her back to his place .
emily 's house had looked far too similar to gillian nemont 's place , and colin could n't ignore the link .
the doc had nothing to do- '' ` ` her place was trashed last night , was n't it ?
they had a suspect in custody for the break - in at her place .
i 'd be pissed as hell if the punk had broken into my place . ''
` ` he trashed nemont 's place .
` ` saw what i did to her place , did n't you ? ''
` ` we should get back to our place . ''
no wonder her emotions had been all over the place with him .
the maid had received a horrifying surprise when she bustled inside to clean the place that morning .
` ` i was on my way to your place , '' he told her , voice low .
` ` why were you coming to my place ? ''
* * * ` ` i ca n't just ... stay with you , '' rachel said as she glanced around dylan 's place .
she 'd picked up a small overnight bag last night , right before he 'd hustled her out of her place .
he entered dylan 's place through the front door .
` ` i have a few backup security devices at my place .
when he ended the call with thomas , dylan contacted the eod office and asked for a forensics team to meet at his place .
a break - in at her place .
` ` no prints , no trace evidence at your place , rachel . ''
` ` but it looks as if things got a little more personal for him at your place . ''
actually , dylan figured that staying at her place was one damn bad idea .
` ` he 's already broken into your place once . ''
she 'd bring over dinner to his place at least three times a week .
whenever her family was in town - usually once a month - they 'd get together at her place for a dinner night .
` ` i 'll get thomas to take you back to your place .
her place was up there .
maybe if we 'd met earlier , if i 'd just gone by his place sooner instead of waiting for our meeting time- '' ` ` then you might be dead , too , '' he said , cutting through her words .
she 'd never actually been past the threshold of his place , so curiosity stirred within her .
it was ridiculously easy to get inside gabrielle 's place .
her place was an exact copy of his .
kylie archer 's place had a fire escape , too .
if he stayed close to her - and he was planning to stay as close as he could possibly get - then he would n't have to worry about sneaking into her place again and destroying any more files .
she opened the door to her apartment , flipped on the lights , reached for the alarm- and realized that her place had been trashed .
while he pushed her back , cooper stepped inside her place .
you 're going to be staying at my place tonight . ''
` ` but if you and your team can help me to find the man who broke into my place , i 'd sure appreciate it . ''
why do you think he broke into my place ? ''
the cops had finally cleared out , but gabrielle had n't shown any interest in going upstairs to her place .
his place ... it was just like van mcadams 's .
retreating to that place really was n't an option because cooper lived there , too .
the whole place could be bugged .
no one should be coming to her place at this hour .
his growing fear had driven him back to her place .
i found thomas anthony at her place . ''
maybe it had been used as a storage building once or even as a small house for a ranch hand , but time had n't been kind to the place .
the place looked totally trashed from the outside .
` ` you need a place to crash . ''
` ` look , if it makes you feel better , i stitched myself back up before i went to your place . ''
when i did a surveillance sweep by her place a little while ago , she was gone and the guard was dead . ''
i said i was n't at my place , here .
cassidy needed a home base , a place where she could feel safe .
her family 's old home was there , but gunner had a place in d.c . not here .
back to his place ?
she 'd been in his condo many times over the past two years , and the place always felt better , brighter , when she was there .
` ` i 'll follow you back to our place . ''
but maybe they could talk about their place soon .
since her place near eod headquarters had been torched , she 'd return to the only safe haven that she had - in louisiana .
sometimes a smart thief could trash the place in order to hide the fact that he 'd taken something .
` ` he would n't trash his own place .
he comes to town , and your place gets trashed . ''
he wanted to know everything , starting with why the dead human had been at his place .
we were supposed to meet at your place- '' ` ` how did you even know about his place ? ''
she could hail a cab and be back at her place in half an hour .
` ` she wanted to leave , so i took her to my place .
ca n't go back to my place .
she 'd scouted out this area before , just in case she needed a place to crash .
once she 'd gotten back to the city , she 'd taken twenty minutes to run by her place and change clothes .
she 'd been afraid to come to his place .
` ` take us back to your place . ''
she 'd called his place ` ` home . ''
she 'd been eighteen and he 'd given her a place to stay .
the door opened soundlessly and the place was just as she 'd left it .
the first stop on her little hunt was his place .
the interior of his place was spartan bare .
` ` i - i went back to the police station after i left your place .
you can come to my place and- '' ` ` i 'll be fine here , '' erin said , her voice smooth as silk .
if they came home , they 'd need a place to- the other vehicle slammed into him , sending his car jerking forward .
` ` we 're not going to your place . ''
sweetheart , your place is sure as shit not safe . ''
` ` tell detective benjamin greer that he can find donald trent 's body buried in the woods behind trent 's mother - in - law 's place . ''
` ` according to the tapes from 911 ... the body is in the woods behind katherine lashaun 's place . ''
the cops would be on their way over to her place now .
a place that looked way too much like his own home .
got ta get a new place for erin .
too much like my place .
the guys are n't even halfway through his place . ''
` ` i think i ' ve loved you since that first hellish night at your place . ''
she did n't really have a real place to call home .
her car 's headlights cut through the darkness as she hurried back toward her mother 's place on the ridge .
` ` i found an owner of a dodge charger , a guy who lives about twenty miles from christa donaldson 's place .
it looked like this place only had one bedroom .
` ` so while he was in jail , someone made use of his place . ''
i had no idea she 'd be at my place . ''
staring into her eyes , voyt said , ` ` stay at my place tonight . ''
` ` lauren needs a place to crash . ''
` ` the offer of a place to crash still stands , '' paul told her .
take it , karen , in case you ever need a place to crash .
that 's why you were running from your place , right ?
` ` that room at my place is still waiting for you . ''
it was actually his father 's place .
a place where they 'd been happy , even in the middle of hell .
no one to see what was happening at her place .
` ` sorry you could n't get any clothes from your place , '' dane told her .
trent had been pissed when he left katherine 's place after their date .
there 's nothing to find at my place . ''
dane had n't wanted to take katherine back to her house - not after the big disclosure evelyn had made to the reporters , and he also had n't wanted the media following them back to his place .
` ` then who the hell else do you think might have broken into your place tonight ? ''
` ` i could have gone back to my place , '' katherine said as she pulled dane to a stop beside her in the hallway .
i left a uniform outside her place , but ... '' he exhaled .
when she 'd gotten back to her place , the invitation to this expensive party had been waiting on her porch , courtesy of her meddling mother .
she slammed the car door , rubbed her hands on the black pants she 'd changed into at her place , and stared up at the looming mansion .
in a place this big , she 'd expected a maid or - someone .
they 'd gone to his place and picked up fresh clothes and an overnight bag .
the cops would be at warrant 's place by now .
he 'd left her place before dawn so he did n't know if she was even at the bureau yet .
he 'd been at his place .
` ` the doorman remembers donnelley coming up to your place , and video footage showed him sneaking out . ''
` ` i was coming to your place , and the reason i was there ... '' her hands balled into fists .
` ` i think we got lucky at your place .
hell , the whole place seemed to be creaking and groaning .
the school was a few blocks away from randall 's place , agent lake .
she had n't even thought that the story about the fire at her place would be on the news and in the papers .
` ` until this bastard is caught , you can stay at my place . ''
` ` after i left the fire station , i went straight to lora 's place . ''
` ` but there 's plenty of room at my place .
hell , i still remember the first time i was ever called over to his ma 's place .
` ` m - may walker 's place ? ''
i was ... um , a little late because i had to drop a friend off at her place on the way in . ''
it used to be his old man 's place . ''
she needed a place to crash .
* * * ` ` this is ... ah ... your place ? ''
` ` i need a place to stay tonight . ''
but there is one definite to our equation : you will never , ever , leave this place with your memories .
tear this place apart .
i could out him in front of everyone here , and this entire place would explode .
the place still looks mostly the same as i remember it , except maybe a little cleaner .
the plan was to park in the driveway of a home for sale just two houses away from garrett 's place .
it made me feel homesick - that longing for another place .
i hopped aside and watched as chloe strolled into my house , heading for the living room couch as if she owned the place .
` ` does n't that boy have his own place to live ? ''
especially when leona had already bugged his place .
he 'll keep her deposit , making it impossible for her to get another place .
` ` you ' ve already seen my place . ''
` ` he does n't have a place to stay , elise .
after next year , harlin 's going to move out of his brothers ' place and we 're going to rent a one- bedroom apartment in the pearl district , something small but charming .
i figured we could go hang out at my place .
` ` i 'll have my driver drop it off at your place .
lourdes 's husband asked me if i was some kind of freak when i showed up at their place .
she likes her new job , and she 's decorated her new place .
instead , he had helped her find a place to live and had given her a job at his hair salon .
as he walked a short distance and rounded the street to find his motor home , which had been his place of residence for the past six months , he noticed that someone was leaning against it - a very familiar someone .
when they arrived at her house , it was to be greeted by the deafening noises coming from her neighbor 's place .
i 'll send him a text to say that i ' m going to your place after work . ''
` ` we 're going to the moroccan restaurant near your place . ''
as i had no place to go and no money , it was no wonder that i soon found myself in juvie .
a wander around had confirmed that not one inch of the place was anything but spectacular .
` ` did i ever wish to return to a place where people who were supposed to care for me had been so eager to sling me out ?
now that she 'd mated with trey , he did have his own place .
it was amazing how a place could relax you even as a barrage of sad memories hit you , mused taryn .
finally she had a place where she belonged , where she could be happy , and where she had the feeling that she ' fit ' .
her emotions were all over the place , but her primary emotion was happiness .
` ` if you need a place to stay for a '' quentin shook his head .
i 'll take you back to your place so you can shower and change , because you really do reek .
` ` i 'll go pack my stuff so we can drop it at your place before we leave .
` ` to her place to see her boyfriend ? ''
i twirled round intending to tell him no , he could do a run and jump because i was getting out of this place that was stuck in the 1700s .
you have secrets to share and i have places to go .
he 'll never even notice what a mess this place is . ''
all i could think about was how they were going to stink up the place and stain the carpet with their blood .
it was sticking out all over the place , making him look adorable .
there are n't as many girls around here , so i usually have the place to myself .
it was one place where i really felt like i belonged , and that was saying a lot .
` ` maybe we can keep an eye on his place so we know when he gets back .
` ` yeah , '' said tony , ` ` just before we came here to your place . ''
we were going to find a place to sleep near the beach or something . ''
i ' m telling her i ' m staying at your place . ''
` ` you ' ve never stayed the night at my place before .
you will have a job , a place to live , a family . ''
i was searching for a place that might hold peace , even if it did involve hard work .
` ` i 'd like for both of you to stop bothering reah about this ; she will have a place to stay , '' ry sounded angry for some reason , and he never angered .
come on , there 's plenty of room at my place . ''
my first thought was to find a place to stay .
i 'd cleaned that , too , found a rug in the attic to put along with other , small bric - a - brac to dress up the place .
` ` you think we need a place to stay , boss ?
you can offer one of those apartments as a place to live .
it took the better part of three years to get this place anywhere near safe .
i let him sleep until he woke , puttering around the place and eventually preparing a simple meal plus dessert - our targets did n't have much in the way of cooking skills and relied on prepackaged food .
it was n't just the apartment , either - it was the whole place .
i have a place here and money coming in .
nidris felt a pang of regret for his family , but it only lasted for a moment before he shook himself and folded to the safe place he 'd prepared for an emergency .
the place was a complete mess .
i turn at the next corner , not toward my apartment but toward a stairway that leads outside , right next to max 's place .
come to seattle with kate , find a place , find a job .
i ' m lucky - kate 's parents bought the place for her , and i pay peanuts for rent .
` ` well , we could go to seattle this evening or next saturday for dinner at my place , and i 'll acquaint you with the facts then .
in fact , this apartment looks more like a gallery than a place to live .
or he can see you at my place .
a place i have lived happily for almost four years ... yet today , for the first time ever , i feel lonely and uncomfortable here , unhappy with my own company .
i 'll see you at my place on sunday .
we 're nearly at your place . ''
maybe we should just go to his place , then we would n't have all this hassle .
` ` i can have franco come to the apartment , or your place , '' he says quietly .
we can talk about it at my place . ''
` ` i do n't want to go to your place .
i want franco at my place in an hour .
we 'll go to your place , pick up your things , and you can stay with me until we ' ve tracked her down . ''
we can continue our discussion back at my place .
you did n't insist that i go to your place yesterday .
he 's staying here until he finds a place in seattle . ''
actually , i was hoping for a place to crash , too . ''
either he stays here or he can stay at my place , but if he does i should be there , too . ''
` ` well , i ' m actually staying with christian at the moment , and if you want to , he says you can stay at his place . ''
` ` you found christian 's place okay ? ''
he knows a good architect ; she did some work on my place is aspen .
` ` your folks ' place ?
can you imagine what you 'll be like when we visit your place in aspen and i go skiing for the first time ? ''
` ` our place , '' he says eventually .
` ` i was thinking we could convert the rooms over the garages for them at the new place , '' christian continues .
she remodeled this place ? ''
i think she has a place here , '' he says dismissively .
` ` so i was in the backyard at the lincolns ' , clearing some rubble and trash from the extension mr . lincoln had just added to their place ... '' holy f**k ... he 's talking .
` ` my place , up the road , '' he said .
i jumped up and said , ` ` i 'd love to see your place . ''
as soon as we had gotten back to layton 's place , she hopped in the shower , and i pulled out a piece of paper and began working on my next project .
just always remember that , '' wesley said as i heard her punching in the gate code to our mom 's place .
` ` i can get us to my place in ten minutes , '' he whispered as he looked down at my lips .
layton grabbed me and pulled me in for a quick hug before he pushed me away and walked over to his place .
to let us stay at her place ? ''
` ` i have a phone at my place .
` ` how far is your place ?
` ` i have a friend from college who 's staying at her grandparents ' place in destin , florida .
i 'd like to have a place for her , and i ca n't picture the foreman 's house as the place i want to bring my baby home to . ''
` ` with our combined incomes , i think we could afford a little place . ''
` ` it would be amazing to have our own place to call home . ''
` ` our place is available , walker .
i could n't believe walker and i had our own place .
i knew i wanted to raise horses on our place .
part of our land butted up against liza 's dad 's place .
i was still a bit upset she chose to go to the coast with her friends rather than my parents ' place in new mexico with me .
by the time i was running on the dirt road that ran around scott and jessie 's place , i was finally feeling better .
then we 'll head to my place and i 'll change . ''
` ` you want me to stay with you at your place ? ''
i 'd never brought a girl back to my place .
i did n't know what was running through her head on how i could afford a place like this .
i put my hands up to my cheeks and tried to steady my heartbeat as i thought about lark and i having sex in almost every room of this place .
his smile grew wider and he said , ` ` i 'd love to see your new place . ''
i had taken one of lark 's t - shirts from his place before i left and had slept in it each night .
i nodded and said , ` ` you want to go back to my place and pack up a few things and go camping for a few days ? ''
i knew azurdee was at my place because i sent her a text saying i was coming home tonight and wanted to see her .
i 'll wait for liberty and just stay at her place tonight . ''
he nodded and said , ` ` pretty soon when you get your place up and running , you will be wishing for downtime . ''
i 'd never been to skip 's place here , but from the looks of it , it was pretty nice .
he did come on to me and invited me back to his place , but i turned him down . ''
i 'd given zoey my address and told her to follow me back to my place .
i hate his house and i ' ve been staying at my place in the city .
me : why did you move in with him if you do n't like his place ?
` ` my place , or your hotel ? ''
` ` your place or mine , baby ? ''
jackie and i had stayed at the bar another couple hours and , after a few more drinks , we 'd taken a taxi to my place .
maybe we should head back to your place , you must be tired .
jack had talked and talked about a kick - ass bachelor party but , three weeks ago , he 'd finally broken down and told me he wanted a low - key night with just a few friends at my place .
so maddie and lily went and stayed at monica 's parents ' house and had a girls ' night in while we stayed at my place and listened to jack 's father and my father tell fishing stories .
when you gave us a key to your place , i did n't think we would be getting porn with the deal . ''
i told jack about dinner at your place tomorrow night , and i said something about lily .
` ` well , we were kind of hoping to have the ceremony the week after lily turns one , at your parents ' place , jack .
` ` i ' m staying at my folks place , but mom and dad stayed behind for this trip .
she had been pretty friendly with him ever since we had that party at our place .
we had asked to talk to our parents and they informed us they were over at gunner and ellie 's place getting ready for the barbecue later this afternoon .
` ` if this was my place , i think i 'd want the house right here for an almost three - sixty view of the whole ranch , '' patty said with a huge grin .
` ` gunner , thank you so much for recommending the builder who built your place , '' heather said .
one time , i drove by our place .
y' all just plan on having lunch at our place tomorrow .
right behind your dad 's place . ''
scott , you did not bring me to my dad 's place to have sex with me . ''
` ` come on , we have one stop before we head to my folks ' place . ''
` ` i need to show you something before we go to my parents ' place .
i stood outside and watched jeff drive off toward gunner and ellie 's place .
during the few times they had been together out at our place , it was obvious that they both liked each other , but lark was being a stubborn ass about it .
i 'd worked my butt off to be able to afford to rent a place like my one - bedroom condo in back bay .
it was the kind of place i 'd always wanted , and i had hoped that someday i 'd have saved enough for a deposit to buy the apartment or one in the same neighborhood .
` ` i 'll have the driver drop you off at your place . ''
but i 'll come by your place when i ' m finished up here . ''
it could n't have been more different from his place .
` ` i could come to your place . ''
as the driver drove back toward my place , i contemplated directing him to arlington street .
` ` let me take you back to my place . ''
i 'd built this picture up in my head of the place being stripped back , barren of us , erased by everything that was him .
i had to admit i 'd missed my place .
but my place was home too .
` ` this is the only place i ' ve ever been happy . ''
there were a few doors that led from the central room to places unknown .
it 's pretty much a zoo at her place anyway , so she wo n't give a shit about two more strays . ''
she says this like people are constantly knocking down our door for a nice , dry , warm place to stay , when , in fact , we are the strays .
guys never stay at our place .
maybe she 'll stay at his place that night , though if i request that , it 's a surefire way to make sure it does n't happen .
` ` actually , i ' m asking if i can sleep with you , '' i tease back , before explaining that i ' m heading out on a road trip and need a place to crash saturday night in boise .
` ` he said we could crash at his place .
the car needs gas again , and we need to figure out a place to stay , but i want to push forward , to get there .
dad 's place .
` ` i say we get to his place early to sniff it out , and then you do your thing . ''
i ' m going to have to take a trip to the laundromat today , or maybe i can ask mrs . chandler if i can do a load at her place when i ' m there next .
you ' ve given me a place to stay and that amazing car outside .
he walked to the middle of the room and sat on my couch like he owned the place .
` ` should n't you be at your place then ? ''
` ` showed up at your place , begging .
in fact , trey was thinking of getting his own place so they 'd all have more privacy .
he says once we 're done here , he needs us back at his place to discuss our next assignment . ''
i 'd heard this ever since claudia laid eyes on the new place , so i ignored it and led her out of the kitchen , stopping at my bedroom door to make sure it was locked .
that leaves me either stuck in the house by myself , much like claud , or if my dad 's coherent , i 'll drop by his place with some food . ''
we had n't said a word in the truck as we drove to his place , both of us preoccupied with what lay ahead , nerves and sexual tension making the atmosphere potent enough to kill conversation .
my parents heard me yelling and breaking things and by the time they got to my room , i 'd trashed the place and i 'd cut my hands on the picture frame glass . ''
` ` you go back with the guys to their place .
` ` why do n't we go back to my place and find out ? ''
i wondered why jake had gone back to my place when he knew i was hanging out with my dad .
you better start looking in the classifieds for your own place . ''
` ` charley , you should go back to our place with your parents .
` ` your mom and i were thinking it might be nice to rent a place in grand haven this summer .
` ` i had to get my own place , but i do n't exactly have a lot of money .
i 'll be good ... if you invite me over to your place tomorrow night to talk . ''
i was so preoccupied with the thought of marco being at my place that night that i do n't even know how i got through the lessons .
his answer was that my place was nicer .
it was a small place that he shared with a roommate .
he spent every night at my place , including the weekend , and we made love .
i do n't understand why she stayed the night when she has her own place .
i 'd packed up the things he 'd left at my place and had nish return them to him .
marco had told me his place was a dump .
from school we got a cab back to my place so i could change for the evening 's event .
i 'd had to get away from glasgow , and i had nowhere to go - edinburgh was the only place i knew well enough to feel comfortable moving to , and it was expensive as heck .
` ` i ca n't be worrying about walking on eggshells in my own place .
` ` my place is five minutes away .
` ` i thought you could come over to my place tonight once i finish up at judo , '' he murmured in my ear .
in the past i 'd meet him at his place after he 'd finished up , but now i was using the classes as an excuse for us to spend the nights apart .
as i processed the payment cole said , ` ` i promised hannah i 'd watch sophia tomorrow , but i want you at my place for dinner at eight p.m. '' i quirked an eyebrow .
desperate to talk everything through , to fix it , i took a taxi to his place , hoping he 'd cooled down enough so we could talk .
there were separate balconies with the entrance to the first floor at the front , and the entrance to my place along the back , which was accessed through a gorgeous courtyard overflowing with potted plants and flowers .
half of me knew i needed to tell him no and kick him out of my place .
` ` we ca n't go to my place , '' i said , ignoring the sharp look he gave me .
` ` then we can go to my place . ''
my place was out of the question because i had no idea what tink was doing right now .
` ` i ' m not going to take you to my place and ravish you , ivy . ''
after leaving his house , he immediately got on a train for downtown , knowing she 'd either be at her place or a bar .
` ` let 's go over to your place and meet this servitor that took you under his wing .
their place was always a mess , and i swear they spent more time at parties than in class .
` ` there was a break - in the other night at his place , '' explained the first speaker .
he had nightmarish visions of being led to a shack in the woods , but the house hansen took him to was a well - kept suburban residence with less of a farm feel than carl 's place had .
or if you do n't want to do it here , we 'll go to my place .
look , we 'll say you and i went out tonight , had sex at my place and that you were attacked walking home .
back to my place . ''
they took the purple line out to his place , where they found the rest of his household asleep , save for one of the rotating praetorians keeping watch that night .
you do n't think i know what it means when you invite yourself over to a woman 's place ? ''
she 'd be happy to get you a drink back at your place , said magnus helpfully .
by which i mean , my place , '' he added quickly .
` ` i brought a military aide back to my place , not a prtorian . ''
` ` he 'd never dream of living any place so ' primitive . ' ''
` ` i was down there once before , closer to the coast than your place .
` ` you think when we get back home , you could go get your uniform and come over to my place ? ''
it was n't quite as sleek as his last apartment had been , but it was still the kind of place he should ' ve ended up in , rather than his sister 's house .
` ` i 'll help you find a new place , '' he told me .
` ` your little warriors need a place to sleep , do n't they ? ''
the airport was situated a little outside downtown , and candace and her husband lived farther out still , though she assured me i could reach the city from her place in a little over a half hour .
besides , once i know the area better , i can probably just find my own place and- '' their solicitous looks turned to shock .
i 'd known i 'd be staying with them initially when roland had made these arrangements , but he 'd also given me the impression that there 'd be no issue with me getting my own place eventually - so long as i stayed in regular touch with candace .
candace 's grim face confirmed as much when we got back to her place .
` ` summon a storm that 'll blast this place to pieces .
a tremor ran through the room , and i immediately looked up at the ceiling , afraid some earthquake was about to bring the whole place crashing down .
she exclaimed , pushing her way through the packed courtyard behind her parents ' place .
i could barely wait to escort nina back to her place so that i could get back to mine and search for sydney .
sonya and mikhail had decorated things nicely and certainly given the place a warm feel , but it still struck me as wrong that a visiting royal like me received more luxurious accommodations than a hard - working guardian who was constantly risking his life .
usually , nina managed to see that i got back to my place .
` ` some place i ' ve never known anyone to came back from , '' he said darkly .
it was n't anything glamorous - certainly nowhere near as posh as the place she and i had stayed when snowed in in pennsylvania - but it had a separate bedroom and larger bathroom than the hotel 's regular rooms .
we 'll get you set up with a place to stay and- '' ` ` hold on a minute . ''
` ` you mentioned hooking my bride and me up with a place to stay .
we just happened to be on our way to your place with some news . ''
i 'd been to her place before , back when she and i had done a lot of party - hopping together .
adrian might not have any doubts about me and our love , but the future rand had predicted - us bouncing around with no place to live - might very well be a real one .
` ` i 'd like to lay some protective spells around where you 're staying , just to be safe - unless you and adrian would like to stay at my place ? ''
` ` my friends and i need a place to stay .
they 'll give us a place to stay .
it 'll put you a little closer to the action , and from what i hear , she has a lot more room than the last place you were staying . ''
once her people had been warriors , but that was in another age , and when scarab , from her place of isolation in the far isles , shrugged off the fates of millions with disdain for the foolishness of warmongers , she did so without ever having seen a death in battle .
nightingale 's gift had been unwrapped and given its proper place , and when akiva brought karou to the home he 'd made for her - a place out of fantasy , so perfect that she forgot how to breathe and had to learn again in a hurry - his wish had all but come true already .
seventeen adam 's old place is exactly as i remember it .
` ` kent was the only member of your group with a life outside of omega point ; his old home was the only place they 'd have been able to retreat to without causing a disturbance .
i had a little trouble finding your place , so i am at - i ' m at a friend 's house .
he 'd been right that she was taking notes on his place , but not in the way that he 'd thought .
tony had taken her in when she 'd needed a place to stay .
no one agreed with him selling photos of your place , but he 's struggling financially what with trying to pay for his wife 's doctor bills . ''
you know that girl you have out at your place ? ''
the ranch owner let me keep him at his place and watched me work with him .
` ` sarah needs a place to stay while she sorts out how to get home . ''
i 'll probably leave scooter here for a few days if that 's okay and find a place in town .
` ` so , we 're all eating at your place tonight ? ''
` ` so , this is your place . ''
i ' m going to find a place where i can be happy .
jace deserves a place he can call his own and so do you .
i had a little trouble finding your place so i am at - i ' m at a friend 's house .
in one letter , written on the back of a brown paper sack , he details the way we will spend christmas when we have our own place : spiked apple cider by the christmas tree , raw cookie dough that we eat before we get the chance to bake it .
these days i do n't really claim any place as home .
i swallow and look around , unwilling to tell him that i walked all the way from my place up by campus .
i 'll take you to my place .
lennox moves to slip a plastic garment bag over gwen 's dress and says casually , ` ` you should come to christmas at my place . ''
others she introduces as friends of friends that needed a place to chill on the holiday .
fair would have been me sticking to my original plan and never seeing him again after that night at his place .
and i think mom has a night shift , so i 'd have to be at her place that night to keep gwen , but i could swing something in between .
she hesitates again , and i wonder if she 's trying to keep me away from her place .
it makes me a little nervous to have him picking me up , but when he asked he said something about me keeping my place a secret from him , which was n't really my intention .
` ` i promise to prove it later at your place . ''
so i head to my mom 's place .
with a sound somewhere between a sigh and a growl , he switches lanes , abandoning his route toward the highway , and instead turns left toward my place .
i ask , ` ` you cool if people hang at our place tonight ?
when mom looked good , when she had a guy , we had a place to sleep .
i must still be cracked in the head because his complete dismissal reminds me of our protest today , of the way the city can just take away a sanctuary for people who have no other place to go , and not even bat an eye .
the party should still be going at my place .
i spent the occasional night in a local shelter as a kid whenever one of mom 's relationships blew up and lost us our place to stay .
` ` there 's actually a party going on at my place .
come to the party at my place ? ''
we had dinner and then went back to his place .
no one saw me high that i know of , but they could have just told him about the party in general , and it was at my place .
when gram died , and my piece - of - shit uncle sold the house , and i had to beg people for a place to stay so i did n't get trucked off with some relative and torn away from my team .
as was getting your friends to give us a ride and inviting us over to your place . ''
or at least the kind of home that i see in movies and read in books , a place where you 're at ease and feel comfortable and safe .
` ` then go back to my place , and we can handle things right .
` ` we 're five minutes from my place . ''
by the time we get back to my place , though , my knees have gone stiff , and i know they 're swelling .
his roommates are having a get - together at their place to watch some baseball game , and i ' m going .
and i went to my parents ' place a few times . ''
` ` let 's go back to my place .
but as soon as i thought about it at your place , i knew i had to know .
you could have been spending all that time after school working , making money so we had a place to live . ''
it 's deja vu as i follow her up the stairs , her perfect ass right at eye level , only there 's twice as many stairs here as my place .
it 's dark inside , and i reach out a hand to search for the light switch because all i can think about is that night in the bathroom at my place , and how badly i need to see her fall apart again .
if he wants a proper and polite daughter , he should n't have spent my childhood dragging me to places where i was predominantly surrounded by men .
one of the art history majors is having a party at his place . ''
then i ' m in a mad dash to make the place at least somewhat presentable .
tomorrow , i will likely need another powwow with my old pal 's hindsight and stupidity , since i just ditched stella at her art party in favor of hanging out at carson 's place again .
i 'd halted at the bottom of the stairs to carson 's place , not trusting myself to climb and text at the same time .
just say you were at a friend 's place and fell asleep watching a movie .
barring some other crazy happening , i 'll most likely be starting on saturday in levi 's place .
we could have met at my place .
` ` let 's go to my place , and you can tell me about it . ''
i help her into my pickup , mostly as an excuse to touch her , and then i drive over to where her car is parked at the edge of the lot , then we head to my place separately .
i 'll wait for you at your place after .
so i wrap my arm around her shoulder to keep her warm until we get to my place .
she reaches behind her for the clasp of her bra , a line we have n't even crossed back at my place , and i seize her hands to stop her .
` ` dallas , why do n't we just go back to my place ? ''
finally , i head back to my place and do the only thing i can think of .
` ` can you please do that enjoying at his place ? ''
i close my eyes , relaxing my muscles , and think back to that moment at the beginning of the year when i 'd been so sure that this place would only hold misery for me .
i had a place to go , after all .
i told her son they should have the wake here at the house , but the cokers thought , everything being like it is '' -her small moue encompassed ian 's absence , lurking redcoats , refugee tenants , the dearth of food , and his own inconvenient presence in the cave- '' they thought better to have it at broch mordha , at her sister 's place .
more than any other place , the house at lallybroch had been home to me , but that had been a long time ago - and any number of things had changed since then .
it 's two hundred year , in the highland tales - when folk fall asleep on fairy duns and end up dancing all night wi ' the auld folk ; it 's usually two hundred year later when they come back to their own place . ''
the place was a bloody wallow ! -of a struggle where i had been ?
after all , it was n't as though he would be leaving his wife helpless ; unlike most wives , claire would have a place to go if something befell him .
the british commander at saratoga , john burgoyne , asked as a sort of footnote to the surrender agreement that your father ( he being a kinsman of the brigadier 's and knowing where his family place in the highlands is ) take the body to scotland , in accordance with the brigadier 's wishes .
the lure of work - work that he was well equipped to do - and a place to live was strong enough to make the little family willing to embark once more on the perilous atlantic voyage .
and once , in bed - and he flushed at the thought , with claire standing right by him - he 'd asked her why she liked balriggan so much ; it wasna a family place , after all , nor remarkable in any way .
this was the last place i would have expected her to be , and the fact that she was here ... a recollection of what had happened the last time she had come to lallybroch made me reach inconspicuously for the letter opener on the desk .
friend william , '' he said , turning to willie , ` ` might it be possible to find a place for us to stay ?
she would have a place , though , with fergus and marsali , where she would be of use , and yet would not be reminded daily of her loss - and where she would be in a position to help and support young ian , should he require such help ( or at least to know how he does , if he does not ) .
in which the women , as usual , pick up the pieces number 17 chestnut street , philadelphia the residence of lord and lady john grey william had left the house like a thunderclap , and the place looked as though it had been struck by lightning .
if he was , people would be looking for him right now ; an officer could n't be gone from his place for long without someone noticing .
` ` i do n't mean to be forward or presuming ... but so happens that i mentioned to the reverend figg about miss dottie and friend denzell needing a place to be married in . ''
` ` how far 's the school from your place ? ''
i crossed myself , with another quick prayer , and walked up the path to the macdonald cottage , where rachel and ian were staying until ian could build them a place of their own .
there had certainly been times in the old house when i 'd wished we 'd had that much room : influxes of visitors , new emigrants , or refugees had often filled the place to the point of explosion - mine .
i 'd talked mom into letting me ride the metro to her place alone two weeks before , but had n't yet built up the nerve to ask yesenia if i could come over .
a month later , dad quit his job , sold our house and moved us to the gulf coast - to my grandfather 's house - the last place he 'd ever intended to live again .
the dover mcmansion was just down the beach from grandpa 's place .
i 'll walk down to your place next time ? '
i let her in , tense from the awareness of how she must view the place her boyfriend 's dad called a shack and an eyesore and worse .
' yeah , he found out you had his little piece of ass at your place , and when he texted her she said she was home .
while their new place was n't the twenty minutes we 'd been accustomed to when we all lived in virginia , it was n't an impossible distance for a weekend trip .
' take me to your place , ' she urged , after we 'd kissed and strolled around on the beach with a few dozen other people .
jacqueline : i always knocked on the back door of the hellers ' place before entering .
i told her that some hung in the hellers ' place , since they used to be so close .
holding his chipped fishermen do it hook , line and sinker mug , dad stood , feet braced apart , on the front porch - every piece of timber comprising the whole sagging and weather - beaten to all f**k . it was a miracle that anything made of wood could survive here , and yet this place had endured , somehow , for decades - defying wind , rain , tropical storms and the relentless salt water that permeated the whole town with its brackish scent day in and day out .
as a kid , when this place was my grandfather 's house , i 'd loved the annual summer visits that my dad had loathed , but mom insisted on .
after a day of exploring the shoreline and baking in the sun , i 'd spread one of the towels mom always bought before our vacations and left at grandpa 's place .
i was a college student who needed a place to live for four years .
now we lay in bed , in the room my parents had shared whenever we visited this place during my first thirteen years .
` ` and he 's called a couple of times over the past few months to make sure i ' m still giving you a place to crash , but this is the first time he said he 's returning .
being obsessed with new houses , my parents built this place three years ago .
this place screams halfway house for the criminally insane .
i came to vail searching for a connection , a place to belong .
my dad sure as hell had one thing right : the inside of this place is immaculate .
i had no idea i was stealing anyone 's place , much less meredith 's .
i ca n't stand this girl , but she did give me a place to crash , so i watch my manners and change the subject .
pride kept me from asking anyone for a place to crash .
the gray of his skin is what worries me and causes me to snag his wrist , to keep him from deciding between fighting for his daughter and giving the rest of his family a place to live .
` ` are you running out of places to stay ? ''
i ' ve never even hinted at it , but somehow being at the only place that has felt like home in months has broken through a wall that should n't be breached .
it 's great she 's obviously breaking rules to give me a place to crash .
we had heard of family shelters and when we arrived , desperate for a place to stay , my mom broke down when they informed us men above the age of thirteen were n't allowed to stay at the family shelter .
why the f**k did n't i go to jack 's with my tail between my legs , begging for a place to stay ?
i plop on the matt beside him and think about how many years the two of us have spent in this place together .
` ` i ' m going to need a place to crash .
` ` i think we should go back to your place , '' rae announces after chugging the rest of her beer .
i mean , you can crash at my place .
she murmurs , ` ` let 's go back to your place , '' with her lips still touching mine .
i understood that those things were never going to go anywhere in the point , and as long as i was the guy in charge of how they were running , how they were being doled out to the pitiful masses , then i could make a place that was pretty much uncivilized at least mostly tolerable to live in .
sure , i could move , find a place that was cleaner , farther out of the heart of the city , but i liked it here .
` ` i can run you by my place . ''
living in a place that did n't even really have furniture or anything to make it welcoming or comforting spoke to something greater going on with him .
if i had a place i could run away to , i would be gone as well .
` ` someone showed up at her place because she was expecting you .
he had owned the garage and given me a place to hide out when i came back to exact my revenge on novak .
two weeks in which he had maneuvered things so that my mom could get into this place .
sure , if it ever got dragged to court , the legality of her ownership of the property would fall apart , but for now , the place was hers , even if she did n't know it or ended up not wanting it .
now you have a place to stay . ''
even with race stepping in and handling all the other major issues life had thrown at me - my mom , finding karsen and me a place to stay so we would n't be homeless , trying to keep the two of us safe - it was still a lot to handle , and i think living through it all had me looking well over my twenty - one years .
` ` no , but you rushed me away from gunfire and took me home and cleaned me up so i would n't freak karsen out , you bought me a new computer , you got my situation at school handled , you fixed the bmw , you got my mom the help i never would have been able to afford , you found me a place to stay , and you make me feel normal and happy , which no one else has managed to do in a very long time .
` ` bax and dovie 's place is closer to the high school , so i guess it 's fine for now unless you want to see if dad 's still at the house . ''
while we were in the process of changing the floors out , race decided he wanted to get rid of all the furniture and replace everything so that there were no reminders of what the place used to be .
race and bax went by the house and came back and told me that there was a for sale sign in the front yard and it looked like the place had been vacant for a while .
i thought i was going to forever see booker 's bleeding body and dovie standing in the doorway with a gun pointed at drew , but with the shining new floors and all the modern , brightly colored furniture race had let me and karsen pick out , it was like going into an entirely new space , a space that felt more like home , even with its ugly past and bloody recent history , than any other place had in a long time .
at first she tried to tell me that she was just adjusting to a new place , that she missed mom , but the more i pressed the more i could tell something else was going on with her .
after i slide in behind the wheel , i start the engine and get us back on the road to her place before i speak .
i wish i 'd taken samantha back to my place , rather than opting for close proximity .
by the time hardy pulled up in front of miracle 's place , he was actually nervous .
all this before 9 am , which is when lance asked me to be at his place tomorrow .
beyond the scope of my real job and my tonin job , sometimes i wait outside , watching her place on nights when she does n't have plans with her disgusting boyfriend .
he stopped thinking of it as his home place the day malcolm moved back in .
` ` i need some help finding a place to stay on the island until i can get a flight home .
do they have places i can stay at the last minute ?
hemi remains completely unflustered in the face of my father 's fury , replying calmly , ` ` offering her a safe place to stay , sir .
and even if she were the focus , no one would think to look for her at my place .
` ` i final y got some of my stuff from mo - from my old place .
i ' m going to offer her a place to stay , because that 's who i am .
that question rings through my head all the way back to my father 's place in summerton where i have to go to pick up some stuff i 'd left there .
the only place i have n't torn through like a tornado is dad 's .
but maybe it 's high time i take some of my constructive energy over to his place .
my mother was a kind and caring woman , and she loved this place .
a girl like you - gorgeous , great job , bright future - comes back to this place to take a random assignment and move back in with her parents .
` ` well , now you have a place to stay , so you do n't need to worry about it . ''
but i ' ve been working at the fire station , so she 's had the place to herself . ''
but one day about a month ago , i had gone to his place , thinking you 'd be there , but you were n't .
there are still some things to work out with ellie before i 'll ever know that this place is mine forever , though .
you 'll feel better without having to worry about the home place . ''
i can get at least one foal out of them before i need my own place .
first of all , i had to find something to eat and a place to stay for the immediate future .
the house looked nothing like the kind of place where a ruthless , wheeling - and - dealing person would make their home .
it does n't take long to get to her place .
the walls absorb the sound and remind me that i have the place all to myself .
the least i can do is give you a place to stay .
when i pull up in front of her place , i push the bike onto the kickstand , but i do n't cut the engine .
i 'll go by your place and get your bag and some more clothes , and lock up .
` ` mom , there was a gas leak at my place in town .
meet you back at my place . ''
as i suspected , this place being an older home , the door frame gives away easily and the door pops open .
` ` i left her in the back seat until i got her to her dad 's place .
during the sex - marathon weekend at her dad 's place , she once mentioned , as we were lying in bed catching our breath , that her father loves classic rock .
` ` why do n't we go to my place ?
at least now i have a place to go .
in the past , with other women , i either went to their place or the apartment i have in town , which is specifically for- '' he cuts himself off , realizing i do n't need to hear about his fuck pad .
i imagined his place as a fuck pad with pictures of naked women up on the walls and empty pizza boxes and beer bottles lying everywhere .
considering the tom of old , i thought he might also have a few actual naked groupies littered around the place for extra decoration and personal usage .
i figured they 'd go check out your place and see that she was scamming them . ''
it was a thirty - minute drive from my place , in good traffic .
lynn informed me that he 'd gone back to his place for a few of his ' toys ' .
we 'd gone to the loop tonight for the last race before college started next week and then tate and her boyfriend , jared trent , had thrown a party at his house , which just happened to be right outside , next door to her place .
while i certainly did n't want anyone finding out about the idiocy that got me arrested , i also had no place to live in phoenix for the summer .
i 'd had the kitchen remodeled along with much of the rest of the place , and now i was glad .
` ` i 'll go back over to your place and run her a bath . ''
and - looking up - i smiled , liking my place so far .
i usually kept a change of clothes at his place and would leave for campus from there .
` ` hey , dipshit , '' i said when i walked through the garage door at my place .
he tried to convince me to go back to his place , but i told him no , and i left . ''
her o - chem group was tucked away in a private study room while cheyenne , gabi , and shelby were seated at a table nearby with their computers and papers strewn all over the place .
so , i shrugged and climbed inside before giving them the address to my place .
let 's talk about it when we get back to my place . ''
when grant finally pulled up in front of his place , he eagerly escorted me out of the car , inside , and up to his bedroom .
i still had stuff at his place , and if i was in the neighborhood anyway , then i could pick it up .
it would be nice to sit around at his place all afternoon and not have to worry about my roommates , but maybe it was time to confront them about this .
i desperately wanted to get away from his place , but i did n't trust myself to drive .
` ` i came over to your place to pick up some clothes i 'd left behind .
look , ari , i need you to stay the hell away from my place .
i did n't know what grant had in mind to help the situation , but i was shaky and uncertain as i drove away from his place .
he showed up at my place while ari was there .
i started up the car and drove back to my place .
` ` i got back to my place .
` ` with all due respect , '' i said , slinking up the first step toward my place , ` ` you killed his mother in front of him .
i never contacted him back , but then after finals , right before i flew up here , he showed up at my place . ''
she should n't have had to deal with my father showing up , unannounced , at her place , stalking her , and she certainly should n't have had to deal with me almost shooting her .
i 'd forgotten that ari and i had ended up staying at my uncle 's place instead of returning home .
when we finally made it back to my place , i took a deep breath as i put the car in park .
but the only way that i could escape a repeat appearance at her place had been to get the f**k out of jersey , so i 'd packed my shit and gotten the hell out of there .
no matter how much i 'd thought about her since i walked out of her place .
aribel gave me the nearest intersection , and i was happy to hear that she was only a couple of miles from my place .
it takes fifteen to get to my place , so that 's where we 're going . ''
` ` look , if we 're driving the hour to your place , then i ' m staying there because i ' m not driving the hour back . ''
` ` your place or mine , sweetheart ? ''
i 'd stayed the night at her place , but i had n't slept a wink .
once we were back at his place , we could n't get out of my car and up the stairs fast enough .
i 'd dropped her off that morning after she stayed at my place .
` ` ari , we have places to be . ''
cheyenne asked when i finally made it back to my place .
` ` you took me to duffie 's and did n't tell me that it was your uncle 's place ? ''
i was n't sure i 'd be able to stop myself from rushing over to her place as soon as she was supposed to be home .
` ` we could get another , or we could have the bottle i have chilling at my place .
i knew he 'd be alone since all the guys were at my place , but that nagging suspicion crept up in me , wondering if maybe he would n't be alone .
my friends were hanging out at ari 's apartment , a place where i did n't belong .
i stopped by your place first , but obviously , you were n't there . ''
` ` come back to my place ? ''
why did n't you just come to my place yesterday ? ''
` ` he invited me to stay at his place , so we 're basically living at the pub and in his sweet suite that the university actually f**king paid for .
on the roads this late at night when few people were out , it was less than five minutes from her place to his , but it felt like an eternity .
what do you want me to do - walk around his place naked and wait for him to realize ? ''
she was actually meeting someone in brady 's life - even if they were meeting in secret , in the middle of the night , at his place so that no one would know about it .
it felt kind of nosy to snoop around his place .
` ` i know a place we can park your car near my sister 's place .
` ` my place is down here , '' he said , pointing down the hall .
the cab ride to hayden 's place was quiet but comfortable .
` ` i would get you a hotel room near my parents ' place .
i have to move into my new place and i ' m not looking forward to it .
` ` and when you got back to your place ? ''
hoping that it would get her mind off of everything , liz had agreed and headed over to his old place .
` ` well , we could go back to my place , '' he said softly .
going back to his place sounded like a good time .
chapter 3 all that matters liz spent the long holiday lounging on the beach at her parents ' place in tampa and catching up on reading .
it was n't that it would be any different from staying at her place or his place , but there was just something to the exclusivity of it that heightened her excitement .
it was n't that it would be any different from staying at her place or his place , but there was just something to the exclusivity of it that heightened her excitement .
victoria had planned a back - to - school party at their place that night , and liz anticipated it being in full swing before she even got there .
victoria had ended up staying at daniel 's house , so liz had the place to herself .
she could start over , move to new york , get a crappy place for way too much money , and just live out her dream .
` ` as if you were n't thinking about my dick when you let me take you back to my place . ''
i ' m going to make a fire to try to heat this place up and then we can talk about why you called me . ''
chapter 3 headlines brady dropped liz back off at her place the next morning before she had to be at the newspaper .
` ` let 's get you back to my place .
chapter 12 meaning with a few hours left before the banquet , brady and liz had a small lunch and then drove back to his place to get ready for the event .
she was afraid to look in the living room ; with all the packing victoria was doing , the place looked like a pigsty .
they went back to her place and she changed into graduation attire so that her parents could take pictures .
` ` i believe we were discussing what i was going to do to you once i got you back to my place , '' he whispered just loud enough for her to hear .
` ` well , you can clutter up our place . ''
at your place . ''
` ` we got into a fight the night i left your place late - after our first open mic .
she 'd find a place to live that would let me go to the better school .
i just hate the fact that this shithole apartment is the only place we have to be alone .
we go , of course , to my place , but after carting the gear into my room , kylie pulls me back outside .
and fuck , my place is messy .
` ` and you should see my place .
here , your place , anywhere .
i clean the place top to bottom , scrubbing and vacuuming and mopping and wiping until the house looks like it had never been lived in .
so i brought her back to my place .
i remember going to the bathroom and happening across a bottle of vicodin bray had left at my place , a while ago .
bray 's lease was up , so we decided to get a place together .
you 're making the place look untidy . '
load of women littering up the place with their washing and nail varnish and frillies and what - have - you .
on sunday night they had a good meal , drank a lot of champagne , and then headed back to his place , and she had worn these crazy black silk knickers with ribbons at the sides that you could just pull undone so that they slid slowly down her thighs like a ripple of water .
a woman who said she was his sister came once with two small children and a grey - looking husband ( they left the place immaculately clean ) .
' lara , it 's your place .
he would leave here , and get a new place , and a new job , and he would start again .
` ` i do absolutely love having our own place .
it was rather a shabby old block then , but i thought it would be a nice place for my daughter to grow up , since she had to live in a city .
' you know , this is the first time i ' ve invited a girl back to my place and ended up toasting her husband . '
he shares his place with , like , fifteen other people .
this ... is a nice place to live .
about that ... ' ' i know what you said about it being crowded at his place .
i got a new place through gumtree with an accountant who has a vampire thing going on and seems to think that living with someone like me will give him street cred .
she may get her own place , but neither of them seems to be in any hurry to pursue that conversation .
' kathleen 's place ?
kathleen 's place sat on one of the bays , the furthest , right at the end , near the point that took you out to the open sea .
after lunch i packed up a lemon cake in greaseproof paper , sat it on the passenger seat of my car and headed out to his place .
' you fancy coming to my place tonight ?
there 's a place up the coast that will have me - us .
this is the one place she can be in all the world where she does n't have to worry , where she can grow up safe and untouched .
it was probably time we bought our own place .
then i looked down the miniature bay and saw that kathleen 's place and the whalechasers museum no longer existed .
' they 'll have a ridiculous wedding , pop out an ankle biter or two , as you put it , buy a place in the country , and he 'll be shagging his secretary within five years , ' i said .
' yes , well , if you were n't so thick that you ca n't even get a proper job , you could have got your own bloody place .
i picked up the cleanser that was one of the few things i was allowed to keep at patrick 's place , and began to clean off my make - up with sweeping strokes .
it 's the only place to stay . '
his dad let him roam the place , trusting him not to touch anything .
' did you tell her it was your place ? '
he swiftly seemed more at home in this place than i did .
she stayed at his place , smoking joints and having sex all day and night with him , but then he dumped her .
when she bailed on us , she 'd been unemployed , spending a lot of time with her loser boyfriend larry and basically living at his place or their favorite bar .
this house is a shithole , but i would n't let drew pay for some expensive place i do n't need .
` ` you 're not going to like this , but we have to walk back to my place first , pick up my car , and then i can drive you home . ''
` ` my place is three houses down on the left side . ''
` ` is that your place ? ''
` ` how about i come to your place around five ? ''
the guy has his own place , but he 's always with us .
she did something to her hair between the time i saw her at school and picking her up at her place .
` ` ca n't go to my place unless you want to deal with wade , and most likely des . ''
once i graduated high school and got my own place , there was no need to sneak around .
it was the least i could do , offering wade a free place to live while we went to college .
such as how guilty i feel for being here , in santa clara , when really mom 's place is n't that far away .
maybe i could kiss you and convince you to come back to my place later tonight ?
ever since that night i went over to his place with the indian food and we ended up having sex for the first time , i ' ve spent every free hour i can spare with owen at his place .
ever since that night i went over to his place with the indian food and we ended up having sex for the first time , i ' ve spent every free hour i can spare with owen at his place .
hell , i 'd cleaned that bathroom like crazy to ensure she 'd even want to take a shower at my place .
but when we made plans for fable to be here this weekend a few days ago , chelsea had said she might stay the night and take a shower at my place .
first thing tomorrow i ' m looking for someone with a place to share .
the night when i went to her place in the pouring rain and begged her to let me inside .
our place is brand new and huge , part of an upscale subdivision on the outskirts of the town i grew up in , an area where i 'd never imagined living .
i asked owen to stay with me for a while even though he has his own place , and we ' ve been hanging out .
he provides the place i live , my job .
that one terrifying moment made me swear off ever bringing a woman back to my place .
` ` just because you own the place does n't mean you can just barge into my room , '' i say , feeling defensive .
we got in a big fight and she moved out of my place this morning before i even woke up . ''
we 'll have the whole place to ourselves for a week - they only bring meals and do housekeeping when you call , and then they come by private boat .
i was really interested in seeing the place since brayden had been hounding me for a year to move in with him .
his dad has this giant guilt trip when it comes to jake , so he offered it to jake for the same amount of rent he was paying at his old place .
the kids are being looked after , and we have the whole place to ourselves . ''
i plan to properly fuck you when we get back to my place , but for now , this will have to do . ''
` ` well , you were freaked out enough about this being your family 's place .
` ` but you 'll need to drop me off at my place anyway , '' i argued , trying to ignore the heat pooling below my waist at his actions .
all of us guys had apartments in the city , so we could have a place to crash close to the airport and the recording studio .
` ` i really want to see your place , '' she protested .
more importantly i was ready to get her the hell out of eastman 's and back to my place .
or is home a place someone looks forward to returning to after being away for a long or short period of time ?
i do n't mind going to your place . ''
just watching her as she examines my place feels awkward .
` ` your place is so normal . ''
ever since the ice cream get - together and watching comedy at his place the next day , we ' ve been inseparable .
the same dude that stopped by her place when she forced me to kiss her so she could get rid of him ?
i did n't stress it was a guy 's place , '' she says , opening my refrigerator .
unlike at my place , your folks actually had something in the fridge . ''
if i 'd known there was going be an audience , we would ' ve stayed at my place , '' logan says as he walks across the room and places our bags on the ground .
` ` i spent months studying : at home , the library , even at eric 's place .
i did n't want to leave jenna behind at my place all alone .
looking around , i inspect my new place and smile .
do i think he wants to know where i live so he can ransack my place while i ' m not there ?
` ` what the hell was he doing at your place the night before ? ''
we arrive at my place in a matter of minutes .
she gets the funds she needs for her bills and i get a clean place to live .
` ` we 'll go by your place and pick up an overnight bag . ''
my place is obviously a different story since he 's already sent one brother in .
they are n't full - blown because they 're able to hold jobs and stay in a single place on a long - term basis .
sin claims his flat is no longer a suitable place to live since we 're married .
` ` looks like you 'll be seeing a lot of pink around your place . ''
when i got to rita 's trailer , i saw several cars in the yard and knew that meant they would be partying at her place tonight .
` ` he 's never taken me to his house because we ' ve always hung out at my place .
` ` okay , i 'll come by your place in about fifteen minutes . ''
` ` well , i ' m not taking the blame if we find him and he 's mad as hell about you showing up at his place without an invite , '' he warned .
i ' m going to get a full time job and find a place to stay until fall semester starts , then i 'll live on campus wherever i go to school . ''
helping him get a place to live by himself does n't seem like the right answer because we have some concerns about how passionately you feel about him .
there was no way i 'd be able to fit all these people at my place .
` ` this your place ? ''
i needed to see claire before i came home so i ran by her place for a minute .
emmy approaching the door to my apartment , i was a bit self - conscious for ben to see my place .
compared to ben 's luxury apartment in gramercy park in the heart of downtown , this place was a piece .
i wondered if he 'd ever stay over , or if he 'd insist we stay at his place .
i knew without asking that we 'd be going to his place to spend the night .
i needed to have a place of my own to return to just in case things went south between us .
after cooking dinner with ellie and making sure she was settled for the night , i was chauffeured back to ben 's place .
i ' m hoping you can go to our place asap to dry out our wet belongings so we do n't come home to a mold infestation .
` ` you do n't always have to come here , i can go to your place sometimes , too , '' i offered .
` ` braydon , i do n't care if your place is a mess . ''
still , i was surprised that even ben , his best friend , had hardly been to his place .
how about your place ? ''
invite me over to his place , agree to meet up with me for coffee somewhere , tell me he was ready for more ... but nope .
he suggested a little cafe that he said was quiet and out of the way , about halfway between his place and mine .
ben and emmy were having a little housewarming party for their newly renovated , postflood place together , and i knew braydon would be there .
the night of our date arrived and braydon called to warn me when he was coming over to my place .
i was trying to keep my expectations in check , but i wanted nothing more than for him to whisk me back to his place and show me where he lived .
` ` are we going back to your place ? ''
someone 's place says a lot about them .
the throw pillows smelled like him , and even though i 'd wanted nothing more than to be here at his place , it now felt too intimate , too personal and i was too weak to handle all the emotions it caused .
though i had n't agreed to anything else , i did agree to a sleepover at his place .
and there was no denying my place was a bit of a dump anyhow .
chapter nine mckenna when i arrived at knox 's place , tucker had already gone to bed , but knox , jaxon , and luke all sat together in the living room .
i had my backpack slung over my shoulder with pajamas , a few toiletries , and clothes for tomorrow since heaven forbid i leave a few things over at his place .
` ` i thought you 'd say the first priority was me moving out of my place with brian and getting my own apartment . ''
when i arrived at knox 's place , he looked ready to murder someone .
it was n't my place .
i ' ve been thinking about asking her about getting our own place , but i did n't want to just leave you behind .
i was hoping you 'd want to come back to my place after dinner . ''
i ' m happy and excited the whole drive to his place .
i ' m a little embarrassed to admit that i went directly from my break up with william to nico 's place last night , so i leave out some of the sordid details .
that 's why i was a tangle of emotions when we got back to his place and he did n't try to get me to stay .
but i pass on the tradition and elle stays at my place instead .
* * * it 's almost midnight when vinny drops me back at my place .
` ` anyway , penny and elgin , they go back to her place .
i ' m pissed that she came by my place , but even more pissed that liv does n't seem to believe me when i tell her nothing happened .
when i was little , i remember going places with the landry 's and always loving the way mr . landry jogged around the car to open mrs . landry 's door for her .
* * * vinny 's mood lifted slightly , we laugh as we walk back to his place .
after seeing his hotel suite , i ' m pretty sure my place is going to look like a closet to him .
i 'll come to your place as soon as we 're done here . ''
parking in the driveway of a place that once felt like home , i realize i feel more like an intruder than someone that belongs .
* * * i showered and changed into a different sweatshirt , the new one still plucked from jax 's pile he left at my place .
i need to get my stuff from my office and then i 'll just call for a cab to take me to my place . ''
she had a key to olivia 's place and usually just let herself in .
i got into boston college and he helped me find my own place .
she moved from city to city for the next several years , not staying in one place for more than a month at a time .
i just brought him to my place after volunteering one day because he was n't feeling well and i wanted to keep an eye on him overnight .
and carter will be parked out front keeping an eye on your place .
you ' ve said that you never let guys stay over your place .
pick me up at my parents ' place , okay ? ''
` ` why do n't you just walk over to my place ?
` ` want to come back to my place ?
after a search of his place turned up empty - handed , he started to panic .
but i need to go back to my place to get some clothes and feed nepenthe . ''
` ` come to my place tonight ?
we ' ve only done things around here , and most of the time lately we ' ve just been going to his place .
come to my place after practice at mo 's tonight ? ''
they took nepenthe to my place for the time being until we can sort everything out .
all the nights she decided to stay at her house instead of going over alexander 's place .
` ` take us back to my place , '' alexander demanded .
` ` i just love the view from your place , alex , '' chelsea said as they entered his penthouse .
` ` i hate to do this , but i should probably get back to my place .
hell , he barely spends any time at his place anymore .
then i 'll take you to my place and cook for you .
` ` you can shower at my place while i ' m cooking .
i 'll take you out for breakfast and then back to your place , okay ? ''
take me back to your place .
and then , if you want , you can drive back over to my place , okay ? ''
she 'll be heading back to her place around noon . ''
` ` i ' m heading to your place .
chapter thirty - four mine after their day of shopping , olivia returned to alexander 's place , quickly running downstairs to one of the guest rooms and hiding her purchases in the massive closet .
chapter four starting now ` ` do you ever think you 'll move all your things into my place ? ''
` ` i ' m just going for a run and then back to my place .
maybe i 'll just keep the rest of the house like it is and rent it out fully - furnished or something instead of bringing it all over to your place . ''
she had n't been to his place yet so she was eager to show her friend around .
olivia called out when she arrived at her place several hours later after a fun lunch and shopping outing with kiera .
she walked through the front doors of her penthouse and the place never seemed so small to her .
just as she began to search her place for any remnants of a liquor bottle , her cell phone buzzed with a text .
do you want me to give you a ride to your place or did you bring your car ? ''
you should see this place , '' he remarked as he dragged her into a large great room overlooking the coast .
besides , when shane had suggested that we all needed to get our own places emmie had lost it ... ` ` maybe we should get a house in the hills .
i just think that since the baby will be here in a few months you and nik would want your own place .
` ` this place is huge , but we also have a guest house detached .
fuck , she was providing me a place to live and food in my fridge .
we are moving , and our new place is right beside of the beach . ''
her hair was dripping all over the place , and she wrapped a towel around it before reaching for another to wrap around her gorgeous body .
my hair was all over the place , tangled and in my face , sticking to his damp chest .
she paid me decently for mowing the grass and taking care of the maintenance around the place .
when my roommate had gone all psychotic bitch on me the second week of spring term , and i had needed a place to stay , she offered me the twin bed in her room .
but i had worked hard to get to a place so i could be worthy of her ... rehab had been a nightmare .
the sweats that she had left my place in that morning were not something i wanted my friend to see her in .
want to come over to my place ?
i know i would have been tearing the place apart if i had found nik in the same situation .
do you want to go back to your place to change ? ''
` ` i should n't have gone back to your place last night , '' lana huffed .
since her miscarriage lana 's emotions had been all over the place , but she had started acting more and more like the old lana .
tossing the covers back , i grabbed the robe i had been leaving at shane 's place .
mom was in the kitchen washing dishes , making sure that the place was her standard of clean before sitting down .
i want us to have our own place before the summer is over .
i had left my things back at harper 's place , planning on picking everything up in the morning before my flight home .
even when i had driven through the gates at the entrance of the property with a sign that had read ' huntington estate ' i had n't figured the place would be so ... ostentatious was the only word that kept entering my mind .
in the living area i discovered that the place had been turned upside down .
she has no visitors and no place to go .
from her rooftop perch the spider can easily map the remainder of her journey home , but the tower also affords her a place to relax in temporary solitude .
no one came down here , except for the dregs who had no place else to go .
john said , we 'll have a lot of work to do , but i think this place will be the best to raise the children .
my parents had a place in rural missouri , like a vacation home .
i promise though , well find a place and well get things for it that you likeitll feel like home , it will just be different .
i plan on staying in any vacant houses we can find along the waybut who knows if we will ever find a place that is even remotely as well stockpiled .
we are just travelers , looking for a place to stay , i say as i raise my hands .
i think she has the place so manufactured in what s left of her mind that you could haul the whole place away and it would nt make a bit of difference .
i think she has the place so manufactured in what s left of her mind that you could haul the whole place away and it would nt make a bit of difference .
the help keeps the place nice , but they ignore me .
the children had visited their mother in a hospital before , so it did nt raise any red flags to bring them along to the new location ( how the hell could he afford this place when he divorced mary to save funds , who was bankrolling this , why , and ... ) .
and should i waste time like a vulture looking for another body to borrow , checking out the emergency rooms for a nice looking young thing who would nt mind renting out her old place ?
he had called security only to have two hundred and eighty pairs of eyes looking all over the place for a commotion .
godspire was the name of hellrics tower , a name that graeak had actually come up with when they were younger , before either of them had a place to call their own .
perhaps this was the only place he could afford to live .
not even her youthful buoyancy could pervade this place .
soin the chaos that ensued , with this place being towed into earths orbit , i was unable to make it to any of the evacuation shuttles .
on the way back to my house , we arranged for the four of us to have an evening together at their place the following night .
i ve arranged with colin for all of us to meet up at their place tomorrow .
however , i think it would be better if i drive us back to your place and for us to be confused there , rather than standing like two lost souls in the street , do nt you agree ?
we would then both come back to my place in the afternoon for a bit of a chat .
if you want to hear a lot of even stranger things , we should be getting back to my place .
either way they found a way to get away and have a place of their own .
coming to a halt samara said , that looks like your place all right .
that s where they re given clothes and are assigned a job and a place to live .
sty street was about fifteen minutes from his place -- closer than he realized .
this place is a shambles of neglect , he mumbled , stepping over a puddle of wetness in front of the sink .
its only early ; and since we got our preliminary work up to date , i m asking you to come back to my place for a nightcap , a gesture of friendship and to talk about the investigation , she said in a dominant breath .
he told her that he drove off the road tuesday night on the way home from her place .
she straightened out her coat collar ; ill see you at my place later on tonight ?
he d go home and get some sleep , but first he d go back to her place and park the vehicle in her driveway .
i should be at your place in a bit , tom loosely estimated .
larger than his attic , more comfortable than the hospital ward , it was the finest place he d ever seen .
nestled amid oaks and cypresses at the end of a long and twisted driveway , the little bungalow is her special place , her weekend place , welcome only to a few close friends and beaus .
nestled amid oaks and cypresses at the end of a long and twisted driveway , the little bungalow is her special place , her weekend place , welcome only to a few close friends and beaus .
your place or mine ?
a place to stay ?
how the hell do you manage to afford this place , beta ?
mom says hi , and is still looking for a place for me ( hopefully out in the haight ? )
we directed the oakland police to check out crosss place on lake merritt drive , and found everything normal .
it d really help a lot if i knew i had a place .
for similar reasons , they are not likely to attack the place you are staying .
the leprechaun had been planning to stay the night at our place and his bags had never been removed from the van .
as an adult , i had always been content to leave one disposable place for another .
they had both been living in the city , but they had wanted a better place to raise their child .
she looked around as she passed her living room , the place where she used to play with her daughter , where she used to watch television with her husband .
he had thought of going back to his own place , but he did n't want to leave shelly alone .
both of their eyes searched around in every direction , looking for a place to spend the night .
this house was n't as nice as the one that they had stayed at in the city , but it would be getting dark very soon and they needed a place to spend the night .
surely this woman is n't calling my place home ; she better not get too comfortable .
he s alone a lot now , and i can get in and out of his place without being seen .
its the only free area unless you fancy carrying the wounded a half mile or so to my new place , and i did nt want to block the ramp .
its right next to my place .
sheng paced about the deck as though he owned the place , and he looked up when they stormed in , immediately signalling a nearby marine .
during that trip , jude and the other members of the crew passed time in various ways : people like jude either read or talked with their friends ; roebuck and the other engineers gambled and smokedand did very little else ; cal reedy went around to all the rooms on the housing level , demanding bunk inspections and ensuring the place was still being kept tidy , all while pretending he was nt doing it out of boredom .
i have half a mind to just stay here , but i think one more day in this place would have me looking worse than a naked hobgoblin .
no one had bothered cleaning up the place since so many crewmembers had been rushed there after the storm , and jude was under the impression that the deckhands were leaving the cleanliness of the infirmary up to the doctors .
besides , allister , the whole place could come tumbling down as soon as we docked .
every once in a while my brothersd make enough to get us a short - term place , but it never lasted .
any sadness and bitterness potts felt were buried deep and he had dedicated himself tirelessly to creating a safe place to live .
frosty said , ' glad our place is fizzy .
' back to my place , ' rocky said .
potts said , ' get it to your place .
she repaid him with a free place to stay and drinks on the house , but her problems were frequent .
everything looks so nice and attended to , not like a place that s been neglected .
when the outbreak happened , the group and i drove up to ohio to get zach ; luckily he was still at his place .
they appeared to be floating closer to morgan 's place , so could that be the cause of the gem 's mysterious behavior ?
if you change your mind if you just want a place to crash for the night come on in .
they were tasked with setting up a temporary camp while nicolas and tara set up a bank account and searched for a suitable place to stay for the time being .
he moved from foster home to foster home , never staying in one place for long .
i mean it 's not that i do n't like travelling aimlessly through space , but if those priest guys were right then it 'd do us good to have a place to call home . ''
it makes sense i suppose , if you have vampires and werewolves running around as if you own the place then someone is going to step up and hunt them , she paused .
blain said after they had gone through the possibilities ` ` my place .
his place was full of low comfortable furniture .
the two - bedroom place was stately looking with high ceilings .
` ` well , we do n't have a place to stay , and your roof looked pretty comfy , so we lit up there and crouched , er , crashed out for a while .
this place is a ` ` club house '' i guess you would call it .
maybe she 'd let them stay at her place again .
back at her car , she got in to drive and drove him to her place .
` ` yeah , i ' ve got about five of the station cats that hang out at my place , the little bastards .
i 'll be at your place a little later with vesper .
` ` we want him to come to dinner on friday night , at our place .
sometimes i walk along the beach and hang out at their place .
let me and jesus tidy up your place . '
i d managed to talk the library clerk back to my place when they found me .
your captain had convinced the sureos to use his place as a war room , so it was crawling with guys .
even from a distance , the professors place was a mess .
the place seemed sterile and strange .
the place looked like a bomb had gone off .
i would have guessed you d have cleaned the place out by now .
i ve been watching your place for a week , waiting for the right time .
come to my place in an hour , there re a couple of places i want to show you , eric said in a mysterious voice and hung up .
pulling on his gym suit , pasha was thinking over what could have brought his classmates to his place .
this is when the friends had an opportunity to leave the cockpit and take a better look at their new dwelling place .
chernomorova hung up and said in an excited voice , we agreed to meet at her place in an hour .
why travel if i like being at my place ?
nadezhda introduced coziness into the place which all the men missed so much .
you will also need formal clothing for functions and a place to live .
the tight quarters did n't allow for privacy , we thought that our spartan living habits would make it easy to adjust to a place with no walls .
the place did n't have windows , just shutters that let light in obliquely , painting abstract patterns on the rough wooden floors .
do you have a place to stay ?
winston needs a place to stay , she said .
how about if i help you find a new place tomorrow ?
do you think jimmy could fix up my place ?
she s got her own place now , on the ritzy side of town , jack said .
the place was very neat and well laid out , quite a contrast to rackenfauzs rather disheveled personal appearance .
just leave her at my place .
this place is huge , eli said , helping squall out of her wheelchair , then folding it and leaving it resting against the railing .
even as the men she had hired risked their lives trying to stop the place from going up in a huge electrical fire , she was recording the fight .
how can you front this place ?
when you get a job , you can move into a place with air conditioning .
maybe allys dorm was the safest place they could be right now .
` ` we need a new place to live , '' marlaina said .
but knowing there s something out there , some place to go , we settled in and smiled collectively for the first time in months .
i also built this luxurious bath , and any woman i brought to my place i would set up a nice hot bath for them .
when they were dead , i got a blanket , wrapped you in it because your body was naked , and brought you back to my place .
i m at his place ; he found me and gave me his blood .
i took some of it over to my neighbor 's place to see what he thought about it .
i was shocked , i never once thought that my distant ancestry came from another place , somewhere beyond imagination and all reckoning that may not even exist any longer .
one day when i have the time i will return there to the place i lived with my parents so long ago , i feel i must return before the maker invites me home .
i smiled at him ; perhaps i would feel a rush of elation if i ever returned to that place i called home , although with some trepidation i was beginning to wonder where that actually was .
once i had been shown to my room and settled in i relaxed secure in this place .
i suspect that the name of the place you lived with eathery was teratinuitil ?
as the creature passed the entrance to our place we could see its body narrow until the tail end went passed and the creature had vanished from view on its ceaseless hunt for food .
in fact if you would prefer we can take you there now and offer you a place to stay and our hospitality to share ?
at that moment , they knew they 'd found a new home , a place where they could survive , a place that was meant for them .
they consisted mostly of sin - cravers and others who had no other place to go .
` ` just up the road from my place !
they had headed to will 's place , and found everything as it had been left - jake 's car was even still parked out front .
we have a number of rescued prisoners looking for a home , or a safe place for a few months before they travel on .
they all work cohesively in a truly mind blowing balance , each playing their role in keeping the place absolutely spotless .
they ve done nothing to earn such a nice place , and have no appreciation for its value or how to keep a house like this in order .
12 fully crewed ships and a very heartily overstuffed crew of three in a shiny obotron 1 drifted on into the nearest galaxy searching for a place to fuel up on investment bankers and restock their food supply , completely unaware when they were .
we tried to find a place to live that benefited from boundary blindness , as it was called , but they d all been burnt out as a precaution .
i m offering you a place to stay not a meaningful relationship , i said .
he d been working two jobs to save up for a place to stay which seemed unnecessary given all the room we had access to , so we invited him to move in .
we were living in a small three bedroomed place on an estate near an old suburban railway station .
the whole place was open plan , with artful columns placed for occasional privacy , except for the bathroom and the studio which was shut away at the back .
the whole place felt like it had been built , like it was handmade .
long time no see i saw you at the party at our place , i said .
were going back to your place ?
bouncing into one of the easy chairs , she continued : this place is nt very cosy .
its a great big place , much bigger than yours , with a swimming pool and everything , and i ve got a huge bedroom with pink curtains .
i do nt exactly know what dawn meant when she told you that you re now part of the team , but why do nt you come back to my place after the service ?
let me show you what i ve done with the place since you left , so long ago .
my head always turned to stare out the long line of portholes as i walked towards my place .
inside her place , there was nothing impressive .
damn , this place is a mess , he said .
samlazaz commanded his men , we are to blend in and find a place to live until my father gets in touch with us .
we want a place to live .
she had her own ionics business on orcon , a place that george had no desire to visit .
at least she had given me a place to go .
most of them were all on kikuzaka street right near my place .
unless more of the picnickers had jumped over the fences that separated the zoo from ueno park , i probably had the place to myself .
from there , they had gone on foot to naomi 's place , two boys from a local high school carrying makiko between them as she screamed relentlessly the whole way back .
had she made it through would she have wanted to start over , barricading and fortifying a place to live , protecting ourselves from the unseen hordes alone , just the two of us ?
if i could nt take the train to kens place , it would mean taking a ferry , which did nt let off anywhere near his house , so i d have to hire an autocab or walk .
but why would you want to leave this place ?
but rather than grab a few sentimental items , he would light the place on fire and immediately pull the fire alarm .
you d think that after being drugged , kidnapped , imprisoned , and everything else i ve been through that i d be done with this place .
that was all we were alloweda place to live .
i would have taken him straight home , but he did not want his parents to find out so i took him back to my place first .
she had only become the primary mciaa representative after cam was born which meant that he had only had ever call two places home instead of three .
that was probably a contributing factor in why they let the blue boy go back to svens place whenever he returned to hashtish 4 : they knew my father would protect his husband from the nightmares .
ill meet you at the navy dock , and well go on to my place from there .
` ` we are underneath the borders of perimeter 2 and perimeter 3 , in a place that i call home , welcome .
they d be mixing in with the older kids in the rest of the squadron , but enough rooms had been reserved so the newcomers could find a place to stay .
it was strange walking back into the dormitory alone , but it was also good to have the place to himself for a while .
how could he have found a place so untouched by decades of natural and social trauma ?
and april and i searched all over her room and her parent 's place . ''
` ` i wanted to case your room , but this place is n't safe .
` ` the place was trashed when the cleaning lady came in last night , '' the detective said .
smith did n't bother to look over at me as he said , ` ` get some shuteye , i 'll get supplies at my place and then we 'll head toward the airport . ''
the place looked like it had been through a war .
still , joe thought as he approached his boys , this place feels more like home than the ratshit apartment i lived in back in fort benning .
this meant alex did nt have a place to live or food to eat .
if it meant saving this place , he would do anything .
you wo nt be going back to your place anytime shortly .
a - one and raring to go , he lied , if only we had a place to go .
we could do with a place to crash for a while , you got room for us down there ?
who says there 's no place like home ?
how nave i d been to think that my life would get better if we moved to a place where nothing ever happened .
we came to their place and searched his room .
they had moved quickly in the beginning , getting a place together only a few months after they met , in clichd fashion , following a chance meeting of their gaze across a smoky bar in the cardiff city centre .
thought we could go to my place , he said , trying to keep his voice steady .
she knew that compared to the other truth seekers in nyc , her place was in the best location , had the best layout , and had the coolest furniture .
the place was cluttered with shoes piled up on the side of the doorway .
it was the only place henry felt vaguely happy in weeks .
she is in charge of running this place , and the other day when i was there to help her shovel , i opened the front gate to go get a shovel off the porch .
well i was thinking that i would like to look around this place , and wondered if you could show me the way back , his mother said .
the place still looks like a superstorm swept through , but bailey assures me she can take care of the rest tomorrow .
it is nt very big , but compared to our utilitarian place back home , it has character .
i m sure she s got a place to stay .
its as if this place was injected with powerful hormones or something .
he saved us back at my home and at finleys place .
your place , its haunted , frank says as he s clamoring like a baby .
uriels got a place to come back to .
most of the time we went to my place .
this place is a total mess , she adds .
i think they are the real protectors of this place .
i ve got no place to call my own .
it 's some place she may have gone to get away from , '' i paused , ` ` from the constant intrusion of you vhirko .
the three of us will be back at my place within ten minutes . ''
let us run over a few situations and see how you would handle them after a few scenarios are given to you about how to rent a place , how to deal with a fire emergency , or how to deal with an attack by ni - perchta , you think your answers , in comparison to what has gone on before , are correct and sound .
plant carries the tune : when the levee breaks ill have no place to stay .
the witch - lord knows this , and he works with us to make this a proper and decent place to live .
for someone who has lived only in cramped , crappy apartments or slept over at someone elses house , the size and the luxury of the place hit you in the gut and right in the back of the shoulder blades all at the same time .
with only a few lights on and with the centered fireplace - stove giving off light from burning logs , the place is both grim and homey at once .
his original plan upon arrival was to secure himself a place to stay and set himself up while he settled into the new town .
all he had to do now was find this place , talk a little old lady into a place to stay and hope no questions about his past came up .
no doubt you re new in town and likely have found yourself without coin needing a place to bunk for a bit .
she suddenly shouted , eyes flickering to her far away place , its onlyits too early for him to come back .
no , it 's not , sye retorted , this place was n't torn apart .
in his mind , he knew only that he was a mute slave , that he belonged to blach and had always lived at the keep , a place to which , as an obedient slave , he was irrevocably bound .
the veniche people lived in one place , they had everything they could ever want , even if they sometimes complained that they did nt .
into the sky to search for new places , braedon said with an enthusiastic nod against his pillow .
ikal was in no place to take a foal , promised him to me soon as he knew the mare was carrying .
how about , you stay at my place tonight , we free some dreta tomorrow , and then well discuss what this relationship stuff entails ?
feeling that i was getting nowhere apart from making myself public enemy number one , i decided it was probably best for me to duck out of the situation , after all this was presumably her house and i did n't want to drive her away from her own place .
i checked her place every day .
jo replied , a place to live , to sleep .
she had done her best to decorate the place with whatever she could find , but dcor was not something in which she was skilled .
well , you do nt need to go into details , but it would be hard to keep everyone together without a decent place to live .
that part of his childhood became a series of showing up on a relatives doorstep , helping around the home , and having meals and place to sleep for a few weeks .
they see me and you , and we ve been places .
an old tech device had woken up out of the blue and tried to trash the place .
were a small , poor village , but you look like you ve been wandering for long enough , and need a place to call home for a while .
i get things in everyroa , and i expect my place to be neat !
joining the telrec got her out of her home , got her a different place to live , and for a while , she found great joy from it .
we may need to find a new place to live , i murmur into her hair .
maybe we will find a place with will and his family , i say and stroke her hair .
well , at least there was thateven if the place was a sorry excuse for a palace .
please god say this place has automatic laundry .
however off rotation her father may have been , she and her brothers had always had food , a safe place to stay , all the comforts of the elite .
knight had cut out the window and flooded this place with toxic gas .
a handful of clothes were littered on the sofa , dishes crowded the breakfast bar , and not a single decoration added any life to the place .
a small kitchen and breakfast bar , the sofa in front of the wall screen , and an open area in one cornerthe only clean spot in the entire place .
at first i thought it was your place blowing up .
he also wanted to know if you 'd prefer to meet him at his place or ours . ''
announced marge , ` ` i ' ve brought johnny to see our place .
i had slept like a log after driving from my ex - wifes place and back , mostly over twisting country roads .
they might just want to check you out real close , you being a newcomer , and living in howies old place .
sheriff marks forced us to lay julia and kate to rest in the graveyard near town , instead of at our place like i wanted , where pa , and ma , and the other krensons are buried .
i might be interested in buying your place , or maybe just the lumber rights , if the rest looks as good as what i can see here .
inside , the place was a mess .
i checked to the bedrooms and there was no evidence of anybody but me living in the place .
pick me up at my place ? ''
for the first time in two decades he had no particular place to go .
a couple weeks earlier , marge had remarked that lately she had nt seen the stray cat that used to hang out at our place .
in exchange , your masters will clothe you , feed you , and give you a place to sleep at night .
the door behind me was a gateway back to the place i normally lived , the city of magic .
` ` i must go ... if you need a place to stay i can arrange quarters at the palace , '' imhotep said .
the ethereal spell had taken me many months to create , when activated the user was not so much actually invisible and immaterial , but more like transferred to another place while still getting sensory input from the place that they had left .
` ` leave the place to shelley and janet ... janet does n't need me anymore . ''
instead of students worrying about finding a place to live and a job all at once , the government made the transition much smoother so they only had to focus on one thing .
lets just rendezvous back at your place and wait for his call .
there is too much politics for the wall to ever come down so i do nt see what s so bad about letting everyone in and dividing up the place .
but the masters tended to get rid of the close - visioned folks unless they could fake seeing normally long enough to find a place to belong .
she was thinking maybe she should just pick bryan up from daycare and go to her mothers place , when she got a call .
at first they tried to go two days between treatments , but they noticed that by the second day peggys intellect would grow stronger and shed start questioning more why she was at their home and not at her parents place .
we take that tiny pittance and try to buy enough food , a place to live , clothes ... everything .
because you spent the last couple months in some party haze and were already doing a good enough job of screwing up your place with startech and i was n't going to make it worse .
i 'd have a nice place to live and good food and ... ` ` what 's another option ? ''
its pastoon since you asked me like i was a child and emasculated me , scott said as he filled his mind with calm thoughts : the windmill mini - golf hole , big burger and fries drive - thru , the backyard at his parents place .
chum , there s a warm bed and some macaroni at my place , ben insisted hopefully .
wow , this is a nice place you ve got here , scott remarked - still aware a large man was chasing them and probably going to kill him , but he did nt want to be rude - and he stood there summing up nathans mansion .
lets go to my place and relax a little , she said .
it must be difficult for you , cooped up in this place , she said .
i d better go check out my own place , he said , see if its been damaged .
i m glad to see they did nt smash up your place , too , she said .
not you , dublin , this place is falling apart and i may need your tools .
he had found a place to live after the townspeoples generosity ran out .
as long as she had a place to stay , and a way to feed her kid , she was ok . she did a few readings here and there while she was married , but not enough to pay the rent or even buy many groceries .
they would have to do a lot of cleaning before this place was habitable .
not much to it , just him talking to a cat he calls cassandra , other animals around the place , and i think he talks to the plants in his garden too .
there ll be animal poop all over the place !
the place looked like it had nt seen the light of day nor a maid in the better part of a decade .
nice place you have here , dominic said looking over the paintings on the walls .
do nt worry , this place is secure , cathal said as he sank back into the red - leather armchair .
your place is beautiful , and your pets are amazing .
` ` i can think of worse places to retire . ''
before i had the chance to tell homer to thank his lucky stars that his shack was so crappy , the missile hit the very much sturdy house beside us , causing homers place to shudder .
in reality , all a teenage boy wants is to have a place to stay , some food and a reasonable amount of social activity .
although they did say they had two teenagers they d be leaving behind without a place to stay .
and we need a place to live .
if we had a place to live and grow food , we d just be free to help others .
ill help you acclimate to your new environment , anything from setting up a new bank account , to finding a place to live , to finding a job .
the place had brown shag carpet , light blue walls , and came fully furnished with all the necessities , couch , chairs , table , tv , anything and everything one would expect .
chapter eleven : shadra meir led me through the second floor of the house to a rather large bedroom that was just as dusty and grungy as the rest of the place .
` ` this place is nicer than i thought it would be , '' teria commented .
i ask my friend leta , why would anyone wan na leave this place ?
maybe ill just hijack this place , mac said .
the light carried him up into the ship , a place she never returned from .
i often wondered what i would do with this place .
my neighbours dislike me as it is , and i do not wish to give my father any reason to cease paying the rent on this place .
you can both stay at my place tonight .
but her mother could nt accept that aoife would leave this place forever .
is it a place to stay you re looking for ?
worse than when ruth postlethwaite took you back to her place ?
they would have to stay at my place in the secret room in the back .
but my normal one - roomed place was not large enough to fit all of my new charges , and i would have to extend the knowledge to them as well .
i ran to the front of my place and grabbed a thin piece of metal i used to undo locks .
you can stay in hand at my place from now on for all i care because i do nt give a fuck !
he came to the front door and opened it , eyes inward , as if he was making sure the place was clean .
i m just some stupid girl with a place to stay and food to eat and shelter to sleep in .
chess , get into my place go in our room you ll be safe there when they come .
the only light we had was the moon outside of her place , and it shone in on both of us to let us know the other was there , listening , speaking .
the end the days of mr thomas by james rhodes returns next week continues next week the book of the thousand nights and a night translated by richard burton when it was the forty - first night , she said , it hath reached me , o auspicious king , that when ghanim son of ayyub arrived with the chest at his house , he opened it and took out the young lady , who looked about her and , seeing that the place was handsome , spread with carpets and dight with cheerful colours and other deckings ; and noting the stuffs up piled and packed bales and other else than that , knew that he was a substantial merchant and a man of much money .
if things get too dicey out there i need a place i can come back to .
until then i had a great place to live with great people .
if she were in wifeys place shed probably be fuming too ; kate was wearing her lyrca cycling shorts and sports bra that left precious little to the imagination .
kate wanted to grab his collar and yank him on toward the ocean , but each and every discovery might prove crucial to their chances of survival , of sustaining survival in one place .
a world within a world , it was her ownthe only place she had left .
like what you ve done with the place , a little rustic , but nice .
` ` yes , i know , there 's nothing there , no place to live , no buildings , no foodbut i had a thought and , with help from our godships , maybe we could live out the rest of our lives there , by our beautiful lake . ''
yes , you do that and i will tidy the place .
and no matter how you beat a dog , he comes back , craving attention , needing his home , his place .
the other thing is , continued alia , did you know , the service use nanopeans brains to store information about all the other planets and starsbecause they want to leave earth and they re trying to find a better place to live .
they knew there was a world of activity going on hundreds of miles above them but mining on other planets and interstellar travel had traditionally been taken on by nanopeans and service officials from other places : tokyo , santiago , beijing and las vegas .
let 's hang here a sec then you can see my place and you can settle in .
as they rounded the stand of white birch along the driveway she fell in love with his place , pretty much as soon as she laid eyes on it .
julsey opted to stay , she had the whole place to herself except for orion , and after he had gone , she unpacked and then taken another bath in the hot tub , remembering her experience in that warm water the day before .
you said pets are ok . no , i said that someday they might be ok , johnny , when we have a big enough place .
why not meet at your place or mine ? ''
we 're here for the body and to search your place and take you in for questioning , goth .
` ` my place was closest , '' explained johnny .
half of us are going to focus within five miles of here , including all the way to your place , goth .
well take dooley to my place and fix him up .
we can travel to town of course , and you can visit your aunt or other places temporarily , and any goth kids can go off to school , but mainly you ll have to stay here or be visiting the reservation , that s one of the rules .
you do nt understand ; you really have no choice if you want to keep this place in one piece .
the last thing i needed was a large , white wolf pup charging about the place .
the third was followed by lights coming on in two nearby apartments but i ignored them as i dashed back to buck 's place as fast as i could run .
and you and snowball have n't visited me at my new place . ''
finally he said , ` ` want to take snowball to my place ?
he came immediately and soon snowball was between us in his truck as we went to his place .
but i never asked buck if i could stay at his place .
it 'll keep my house place warm and keep the pipes from freezing but only if i ' m there to keep the fire going .
my heightened awareness of the room , the blizzard , the furniture , the fireplace that crackled as it heated the place , but most of all my thoughts were of buck .
` ` some day i 'll have this place furnished . ''
i did n't take snowball to his place because i wanted her to stay with me .
` ` it 's better for her to be at my place where there are fewer temptations . ''
gon na take one of those professional services to get the place clean again , augie muttered .
this place was the closest he knew to a home , and outside the farmhouse stood keen and amir , the closest people he had to family .
it had been ten years since he d set foot in brighton and the place was much changed and nothing he saw was an improvement on what it had been .
this place felt like home but it could never be her home .
she wants a place to call home .
well you are welcome to stay here until we find a place where you belong , he offered as she smiled at him , pleased for the first time since her father died .
i have been here for one week and five days and eight hours and thirty seven minutes and fifty nine seconds but i am fond of this place and the both of you .
` ` meeting my father , his first words to me were , ' i 'll give you a place to stay .
you ca n't find a place to live anywhere above sector 9 when you ' ve got that on you .
they were so convinced that this place they lived was paradise , that these rights they had were ' freedom , ' that they did not know what they were truly doing .
a staff sergeant spoke in his ear , letting him know that the team currently trying to track hawke down had just finished at her place , and found it in a shambles .
okay , if you want to play it like that , the ones that we watched come into your place last night .
earth peru the rainforest hummed the quiet joy of renewal , reveling in an afternoon rain , as a lone figure bounded up a familiar path to a place he had once called home .
dmitry had gone back to his place to sleep , he d said .
the whole place was dark , except the bedroom .
um , no , somebody told me that they saw her leaving his place early the other morning .
his summer place is in the french alps , protected by high peaksits like a fortress .
this place is falling apart again , she said .
now , i say i put the paperwork in motion to get you out of this pickle , and we retire to my place where i can help you with your first demand : a hot shower , he said .
hey radar , what are you having today , she said evenly , as though the place was nt crawling with turmoil and it was just like any other day at work .
cops have searched my place four times and found nothin and no tin - plated boy scout is going to get away with violatin my rights .
so deucado was established just in case there were any mandasurte who wanted to leave earth , they would have a place to go . ''
he hugged her to him , turning a little so they could both inspect their new place .
i dream about all sorts of things , quarbas , but the one place all my dreams lead back to is earth ; there really is no place like home , i know that for a fact .
but at least if i was killed on the ship i would nt have to worry about finding a new place to live .
even her original instructions had been vague , along the lines of ' make this place better ' .
davis offered him a place to live until he got back on his feet , however hammond had instead found something on the compound that resonated with him .
yep , back at my place , its the only one in town still works , sfar as i know , the man said .
well i got lucky in a way , when my place died so did everyone elses , they all left and i held out , soon enough i had the whole place to myself .
well i got lucky in a way , when my place died so did everyone elses , they all left and i held out , soon enough i had the whole place to myself .
we could have just gone to my place , but you said that was boring .
right now though dinner was his focus , the soup was simmering away and allie would be at his place soon .
this place is a dump , its not really helping me feel like i can trust you to get alice back , peter did nt bother holding back , there was nothing to lose at this point .
i did nt get paid for a month and decided to take my chances and find a new place , alice said .
he already had a pretense on which to get a few minutes away from the move , he was out of beer and he would offer to go on a beer run once they had got all the boxes over to his place .
he was glad to be getting her out of here and into his place , he never felt safe with her living here .
just another reason that made him feel obliged to her for her moving in with him , he would no longer have to worry about something happening to her in this place .
it would also be nice to not have to come over and fix things that broke in the apartment as the landlord was lazy and did nothing around the place .
he would nt have to bother with her driving over or having to drive to her place and arrange times to meet and all the effort and issues that surrounded that .
once they got back to his place and everything was stacked against the wall in the living room .
there was a little annoyance rising up in peters mind but he put it down quickly , he knew she had had a long day and moving out of her place was probably hard on her .
he knew she felt like she owed him something for her moving into his place .
tomas said he s going to meet us at your place , peter said .
peter had come over with allie so he could show tomas the route back to his place from her apartment .
peter sent tomas a text : hey man heading back to my place with the first load meet at allies then they drove back toward the house .
you grab the beer and we will chill at my place tonight , tomas offered .
he would have to keep a close watch on his intake with the drugs in his system , he did nt want to overdose at his friends place .
the close date was next week so allie would have a few more days to go over everything and clean the place up .
peter felt gifted at being one of the few that actually owned a place of his own .
i want to be unpacked before work tomorrow and i do nt like leaving boxes all around making the place look like a dump , she said .
that meant finding a place to keep his victim while he tortured them , buying supplies to bind a person properly as well as capturing them alive .
the house looked like a normal place , a little odd in the design and these guys seemed friendly enough .
yeah , that s fine , just needed a place for the night , peter said .
alright , we should stay together and go to your place then mine and come back here , make a little loop and try to lose anyone who might be following us , alice said taking charge of the situation now that peter had given her a reason to keep moving .
he still wanted to give himself time to do a quick check of the place , determine which bedroom was his from the outside .
not an extravagant or any television , ridiculously pricey wardrobe , or solid gold toilet seat to speak of in this place .
so when i got out of the house i ran away and found a place to sleep .
that made it no less heart - sinking to see the place totally absent of isaac livingstons body .
my place is okay .
millions of refugees are wandering around the planet without food or water or a place to sleep thanks to black swans war on humanity .
we had the whole place practically to ourselves , save for a skeleton crew of cooks and waiters , room cleaners , masseuses , one concierge and one assistant manager .
* * * the navajo room was indeed lovely , with its high vaulted ceilings and elegant furniture , native american artworks everywhere , the place emanating a feeling of warmth and security .
long enough for me to give her a key to my place , to convince myself i loved her back .
i had no idea what time it was or how we d gotten back to my place .
rachel and i were coming back to my place one night , and my lock was sticking .
i ' ve seen as many as ten of them casing someone 's place .
he offered her good money and a place to stay for which he would help her pay .
though we never stayed more than a night in one place , i still liked to have our bags inside with us .
we did nt want anything from them but a place to live .
we could ask him for the whereabouts of a safe place to live , though i sincerely doubt that any place on this planet is safe from the eyes of the natives .
but they are offering us a place to stay .
when i brought people here , i promised them a place to live where they would not be judged .
we 're going to be feeling around in the forest , looking for a place to live where they ca n't get at us .
we had left the others in our place off the park - an abandoned factory building i had found after i had lost donita - and struck out looking for food earlier that morning .
this was so much different than their own place .
as she left for the evening , she took one last look at the place that was starting to be home .
you 're all welcome to come to our place .
lets go to my place .
i just do nt think this is a place you should stay .
since we were partners on the blasted project , i decided to suggest that we meet at her place to work .
not moving from my place , i said , we need something to pry this grate off the wall .
maybe she brought them back to her place .
could they have followed you to my place ?
you can try going back to your place later , i said , trying to come up with some idea of how i was going to keep darius from freaking out about the mafia being after him .
either way , you have to go back sooner or later because you are not staying at my place for more than a day or two .
having a spartan and very uncomfortable room had encouraged more than one lingerer to get the hell out of my place in a sensible timeframe .
call me if you hear anything about those mafia guys who were at your place ?
so , if i go to her place , where would they be ?
it would take his men three hours to get here and another couple hours to clean up , and i refused to go back to my place before they were gone , so what was i going to do ?
burglars went into my place and got a little more than they bargained for , i said , getting into business mode myself .
well get this place all cleaned up for you in no time .
other than going to her classes , shed been staying in her attic more often than normal , thus seriously impacting my ability to search her place .
if someone was to look at my place , they d never imagine i d ever done anything wrong because everything i d acquired over the years was hidden .
not that that s significant , but marble heights is a ways away from his place down in fullerton .
i spoke with jurkken , who is more than happy to put dakkal up at his place on terra so long as we can get him there .
well , you certainly keep this place tidy , she observed and coughed .
i thought that was the point of getting a place away from work , so i did nt have to be mute .
i will take a taxi to your place .
this morning everything was going to be resolved and now suddenly , they were again worrying about money and trying to find a place to live .
lets get out of here and find a place to live .
he looked around the place as she brought up the projection with the chemical analysis .
she smiled wistfully , thinking about her and how empty the place felt without her .
i want you to check my place out .
i need a place to sleep for a couple hours ; do you have a room ?
well , i guess i should head back over to my place i just hope i do nt have that strange dream again , melissa mentioned in a reluctant tone .
i was kind of hoping you would ask me since i was nt sleeping very well at my place , melissa confessed .
when you guys are done for the day , why do nt you come by my place and we can look them over together , she suggested .
when i got back to my dorm room , it had been ransacked , the place is an absolute mess , and i m so upset about it .
no , but guess what i saw on my way over here from your place .
oh , i better get back to my place and clean it up a bit before my parents arrive .
i can put the stone in my car whenever you are at my place , matt offered .
if we had the money to rent our own place would you do it ?
i still think we should look for a place off - campus if you really are serious about living together .
i am going to stop by my place before i come over tonight so i can clear out the rest of my stuff , melissa said after taking a sip of her water .
when we get our own place we can buy a few things together , matt suggested .
i do nt know how long it will take the military to figure out the stone is a fake , but when they do i m sure they ll be back to search my place again , matt said looking a bit fatigued by the ordeal .
well , after living in the dorms , we appreciate having a nice place to stay , melissa replied as she took a cookie off the plate and ate it .
i know its hard for young couples to find an affordable place to live , especially in a college town where the rent is so high , roselyn said while shaking her head .
ill reserve a place for us to stay in pahrump saturday night since there is no way well be able to drive back after the interview , melissa remarked .
the way to your place , not so much as in , i ' ve never been there .
` ` i think i 'll take all the kids down to my place , '' mrs . carter said , as she did a masterful job of herding them out the door , with only a tiny assist from anthony .
the place is lived - in , with a basket of laundry by the couch and folded stacks on the coffee table .
ill drive you , as long as you do nt mind stopping by your fathers place on the way out .
i have to stop by my place first and take care of some business .
chapter three the drive to his place seemed to take forever .
the place was just starting to look comfortable to bates ; it was amazing that he had been able to move so much wonderful junk into his new office in so short a period of time .
why i even took twig 's precious data cubes too , though i must have lost them someplace between her place and here .
` ` i just comed her before coming to your place , to tell her that i 'd be home a little late . ''
i 'll find a place for her here , we ' ve got to take care of her , now more than ever . ''
he did n't even know us and he gave us a place to stay .
well , how about we get some steaks , some new wine , and some older wine , and you guys come back to our place for a little research on the subject .
not a chance , do nt even own a tv , and the places we stay usually do nt have electricity .
not a good place to be as all the power looks for a new place to call home !
after that if you want you can come back to my place .
one of the men came back , sir , i ve heard about his place .
oh , yes , and i sent her there in case any other spooky characters came looking for my place .
i could see the vision of our place in the woods ; the creek , the log , the quiet .
his job was crap and he wanted to be able to afford a place for us together .
i have a small place in town and i want to be a part of your lives again .
the place was now a wreck , but it could be cleaned at a minimal cost .
silence filled the car for a minute and then tuck said , we could get a place together .
i followed her to her place one night , joey continued .
come ill take you to your place for the night , well fill you in on our strategy in the morning they walk down further into the bunker and zn showed her a small spot resembling a small nest rather than a bed .
why do you have such a big purse , what do you carry in it all over the place ?
a few days earlier , debbie had started college and needed a place to live that was closer to school .
master had listened quietly and surprised her when he offered to pay for her education and give her a place to live .
a few weeks at her place , and you ll be able to get any man you want .
shell even give you a place to live and a job .
- ok , and thet in my car after it and well go to something desolate place he got in the car , dina walked to the buildings door with trembling feet , and rang .
nhwolf : so you 're making it clear that you have a place for people to stay and food for them to eat .
you ' ve got a place set up for the future , for more than your future .
i saw deer around my place and there 's a lake nearby to fish . ''
` ` ultimately everyone 's going to want their own place . ''
` ` i had to take a count of the dead bodies that i will have to remove to give all of you a place to live . ''
` ` i get a place to live and meals . ''
mack had assured her that cora 's permanent room would be ready within the week , and she looked forward to the woman having a real place of her own .
he said he would help us find a place to settle in .
we will find you a place to stay .
i was tired , and wanted to check on adam before heading out to find her a place to stay .
we literally have no place to go , adds james .
i guess it is because we do not have a place to call home , no place to go , no place to sleep , no vehicle , low income or no income , no strong family support , friends , or even a regular meal .
i guess it is because we do not have a place to call home , no place to go , no place to sleep , no vehicle , low income or no income , no strong family support , friends , or even a regular meal .
i guess it is because we do not have a place to call home , no place to go , no place to sleep , no vehicle , low income or no income , no strong family support , friends , or even a regular meal .
he let me stay with him for a little while and says he would help me get my own place and a job .
born and raised in the west coast and headed hopefully to your place , handsome ! ?
he wondered often of other places beyond that which he called home , more specifically a vision of the perfect place and time beyond all truth .
it must have once been a good place to live , even on this miserable world .
soon the summer people would stream in every weekend with their loud and large self - importance , but today they had the place to themselves .
accessible from your place ?
not at my place .
he d often stop by her place on the way to classes .
bring her here every now and then for a couple weeks , so she can play and have a good time , but i m not sure they d her home would be still be our place .
but she might get shot or trapped out in the forest at our place , rev said .
plus she s getting kibble at your place .
my guess is that since she is so well fed at your place , any hunting she does is more for sport than anything .
were going to have to keep her at our place against her will or let her go and hope that she does nt tear her stitches .
and even if she does get to his place okay , hell want to jump all silly with joy if he stays at our place , they might be content to just lay around together all week .
and even if she does get to his place okay , hell want to jump all silly with joy if he stays at our place , they might be content to just lay around together all week .
planetary space was at a premium in the ubu - with every new civilization added came the pressure to find a place for all of them .
he frequented a bar near his place nearly every day , so that was the first place she decided to check .
` ` that place is not home , '' she snapped .
maybe he could paint the place , trim the bushes , pull some weeds .
you do nt really have a place to stay , do you ?
if the birds come back , they ll need a place to stay .
i guess i need a place to stay .
this 'll just be a place to come if they ca n't find a place to live .
and why not try out mallorca as a place to live ?
i see you at your place and three months later after no contact you expect me to just hang out with you .
it was the same homey place we d grown up with , the same family photos lining the walls .
i can never leave this place . ''
her smile was still the same she had donned when he invited her to spend the weekend at his place because he had a rare weekend off from his very important job with the government .
being evicted and forced to look for a place to stay was n't nice , but , all things considered , it was going surprisingly well .
` ` i need a place to stay , '' he said , going straight to the point and dispensing with formalities .
by the way , vienne , honey , '' topher gave the camera a lecherous grin , ` ` you left your sweater at my place last night , swing by to get it tonight .
supposing i can fight , how do i get out of this place you have built for yourself ?
on each of those ships the captains quarters had been a place large enough and comfortable enough to match a room one might find on solid land .
we said we owed him for that , and he said we could work it off , but really i think he was just finding a way to give us a place to stay , since our home was wrecked .
this arrangement would work if i were to spend the night at your place because you live so close to the office .
the fbi coming in here and tearing this place down ?
i just want a safe place to stay , i said .
yesterday , i had nt cared about finding a place that was safe and warm , but today is different .
hank , you got a place for them to stay ?
she does nt have any place to go , she whispered , though i could still hear her .
the most important thing is that you have a safe place to stay .
how are you liking your new place ?
i m sure he s glad to have his own place .
looking around the survival vault , he could not believe that he would ever not want to leave this place .
they needed to find a place that could sustain them for a while and for right now that place was grandmas house .
they needed to find a place that could sustain them for a while and for right now that place was grandmas house .
i hope you can find a place to call your own here in the house while i ' m gone . ''
` ` yes , my human father has left me and i need a place to work full - time . ''
` ` how about back to my place .
but we 'll be to my place in about fifteen minutes . ''
` ` she was wandering around lost , and i decided to give her a place to stay until she can remember enough to get back home . ''
all i ' m willing to do is provide a place to stay .
` ` this place seems kind of cozy . ''
yin explained , ` ` he gave me a place to stay so i could figure out what i was supposed to do . ''
` ` she 's finding you a place to live . ''
` ` but i have a place to live . ''
his closest place to home is destville .
i bet that place was super nice at one point , but it had been so long that all the grass was overgrown , and the bushes and trees had gone wild .
our shit was always in go - bags , and we never really settled into a place anymore .
on the way to my place , we stopped at a drugstore .
neither of us said anything the rest of the way back to my place .
i could be at your place in about ten , fifteen minutes .
i have someone who welcomes me home , a place to live , a great job , a person who 's willing to help me with whatever i need to get done , and the satisfaction of being able to feel like i ' m accomplishing something important with the help of my wife . ''
this was for keeping the place warm in the winter .
if she did that every time she ended up in a new place , shed never be happy !
during the initial invasion by the spiders during the great war the only place to drive the spiders away to never return at all was hannya .
it 's almost as if someone designed these perfect places to live and forgot to include one of the things we absolutely need .
from what i could see , the whole place had caught fire leaving little behind but charred wood and roasted siding .
dads place is in the middle of the state .
enough to last us until we get to your dads place .
altogether , our mountain place was nothing speciala hillbilly jumble of wood in the middle of nowhere .
at our place ?
after weeks of hearing about liams familys mountain place , this was supposed to be our haven .
some of the neighbors that she knew well offered her a place to stay while others offered to stay with her .
without my armor on i crossed the distance , between my ship and the villa , at a pace that said i had a place to be , but that i was n't in a hurry .
` ` we have to start with the unquestionable information , like the fact that we 're inside a closed system , and pay attention to the comment that we are not actually moving from our place , whatever that means for purple .
in fact , this is where i would start : in what way are we not moving from our place ?
* * * steve strode into the house as if he owned the place , allowing the screen door to bang noisily behind him .
she 'd been handling weapons since before she could swim ; she was n't about to accidentally fire any benevolence hardware in her own place no matter how much she wanted to renovate .
not only did he not have any obligations to be elsewhere , he also did not have another place to stay .
here , take my number and call me if you need a warm meal and a place to stay while you get back on your feet .
he contemplated calling the woman he met on the bus for a place to sleep and a warm meal , but did not even have the money to use a pay phone .
since i did nt win last nights lotto , i guess ill have to apply for social housing until i can find a new place .
we just need to open some windows and air the place out .
if there are any dead bodies in this place , they d be stored in this closet .
hey , what do you know , this place has a basement !
worst case scenario , well sell the house and use the money to rent a new place .
he was not sure what he was looking for exactly , but he had never owned a house before so perhaps more than anything , he wanted to inspect every square inch of the place , including the fireplace .
his motives were not purely based on greed , he owed a lot of back taxes to the city for his house and wanted to make sure he and kyle would continue to have a place to live .
without his research job at the university or a permanent place to stay , he felt like his time in calgary had run its course .
she was the woman from the bus who offered me a place to stay when i had nothing ; maybe shell do the same for you .
they were worn out from the day and needed a place to crash .
the first thing i need you to do is offer me a place to stay .
the third thing i need from you wo nt take place right away , but in a year from now , my brother is going to call you looking for a place to stay .
2 i was at chip 's place helping him put the finishing touches on our secret project .
either the place was on a generator , or power was still on out here for that we were grateful .
but if jamie here lost his data pad , was denied access to his credit source , got kicked out of school , maybe kicked out of his flat with no place to stay , nothing to eat , and no connection to his much valued electronics , then this newspaper would be his only chance at regaining the world he once knew .
i can see why percival nesbit would have called this place home without a word to any of us .
taxes would build up , and so would late - payments , especially if they had to declare me as a delinquent on account of having abandoned the place .
this was a place an astarian might feel at home .
teila , he said as she headed off towards her place , him in tow .
yes , leaving and never , ever coming back to this place .
it was , he had to admit , a much nicer place than the one he lived in .
he had the place to himself .
that place had been old and dingy and out of date , but the beds were made and there was no garbage lying around .
i did nt feel cozy in this place and wondered if the patients felt the same way .
i shook my head again , wondering who could live in such a place , and pressed the button for the honey soap .
so , we escapedstole a shipand traveled in spacetrying to find a suitable place to live .
what they need is a massive rescue effort and a new place to live .
please , she bit out , her rising anger sharpening the edges of her attempted civility , all i want is something hot to eat and a place to sleep .
i would too , but sasha has been at my place for the past month as we practiced in this together .
blacksmiths worked the iron , bakers made the food , innkeepers ran the inn , soldiers patrolled the town , and adventurers in armor would show up every so often with gold to spend and tales of faraway places to spin .
i just needed to get from this rooftop that was above a 20 story building and land in her kitchen and kill her without being shot or captured by the fifty or so guards surrounding her place .
devoid of anything to fight , and his only purpose for existence stolen from him , he breaks down and is offered a place to come to terms with the new future : a house back at sid 's hideout .
you have a nice house , arthur commented , surveying the place as he climbed the stairs .
it seems neither of us has much of a place to go back to .
thanet grange had once been the nearest thing the humble village of tippetts bottom had to a manor house , and the grandest family with the most servants had lived there for many generations until the last of their number , awash with debt and unable to maintain the place despite selling off most of the land , had sold up and slunk away to the anonymity of the city .
and by the way , jason , send the cleaning crew to pick up my place after you re finished trashing it .
i had a place to live , my name did n't send up red flags when i used my comunit and i was now myself instead of a member of a family that could out me .
` ` we can get the paperwork done now , though , and find you a nice place . ''
` ` i 'll get you a new place immediately . ''
` ` i do n't want a new place . ''
during her visits she 'd developed an interest in the potted plants all over my place .
` ` i lived there because i ' m a stowaway and did n't have any other place . ''
the whole place looked awful .
` ` is it so bad that i ca n't be safe at your place ? ''
he had landed the shuttle at a friend 's place and had flown with a crew to the big spaceship .
despite his training , his heart still ached for the place he had always thought of as home .
what re we going to do for a place to stay tonight ?
` ` while i ve seen my fair share of star trek episodes , i m afraid i m not very knowledgeable about time travel , but i do know a thing or two about being in need of a place to stay , and i feel i would be a poor excuse for a human being if i did not at least offer you my hospitality in that area .
i m just trying to make the place a little more presentable .
so the other you is over at quicklys place right now , and has no idea you re here ?
now i understand you may be wondering what s worse than death , trust me in this place death seems like a paradise compared .
i saw possibility for the old rundown apartment and i knew with a bit of elbow grease , some commitment and a whole lot of cleaning detergents i could have this place shinning in no time .
layla decided to keep her place but she basically lived with me , i tried time after time to get her to sell or even rent the unit but she was fixed on her decision .
by far this was the most emotion i had seen sky show since we had met , she was smiling from ear to ear and i could see a sparkle in her eyes.so that s a shotgun , two hand guns and a huge hunting rifle , not forgetting the boxes and boxes of ammo as well i d say she done pretty well , considering this place must have been looted a hundred times already .
apparently he had left the map with them , telling them if they ever needed a safe place to stay they were more than welcome to come to the factory .
the more i looked around , the more i could not picture anyone living in this place , which all in all made me think this was one more reason i would nt find the professor .
just imagine the sanctities of isolation from this dangerous place , imagine you could take your family to a place where they could have somewhat of a resemblance of a real life .
look , i just need a place to stay for one night then ill be on my way and out of your way , too , nodding and faking a smile with my problems of food , shelter , and flat pair of walking shoes .
if it is , ill deal with it , find a place to settle down .
no idea if there would be other people , a place to live , food , more crazies like they had run into here .
i have diesel here at my place .
when i got in last night i noticed that somebody from the agency had been here , cleaning the place up .
` ` have you picked a place to settle ? ''
we tore the place apart looking for a way out .
i need to find a safe place for tia where she can grieve , get better , and live a happy life .
and i have no idea how such little people built a place with such massive timbers .
we ca nt make it back to the crash site before dark , so ill have a word with the town council about a place to stay tonight .
she hoped that no matter how hard things were to get that she would never be forced to beg for food and a place to stay .
she hoped that no matter how hard things were to get , that she would never be forced to beg for food and a place to stay .
you know , i do nt feel so bad about having cleaned this space out , considering we have a place here .
he worked and we managed to move out and get a cheap place , a lot like this apartment .
she had to find places for me to spend my days while she brought clients over .
a part of me is scared i killed him , an accidental overdose or maybe i was tricked into injecting him with poison before i run i turn in the direction of jeremiahs place , i want to make sure that he s alive and okay .
i was going to go to his place and demand my death , if he denied it to me i was going to start killing until he killed me .
the home is the only place with the net link i need .
she asked it means i have to come into your place today and bring a cleaning crew to clean out the water .
then ill be letting myself into your place later this morning .
did she know they d stolen this place to be theirs ? ...
anyway the whole place was evacuated as you do ... a good opportunity ... ogher commented .
even they had often had a dry place to stay , in hotels , or hostels and so on .
i d just feel much more comfortable at my own place .
i think she can barely afford the place she s in now .
her place was nice , in a bohemian , austere kind of way .
after he put aside the paper , nathan said maybe we should look into getting a place on mission beach or oceanside .
when the van was loaded and everyone stood awkwardly on the curb , it was time for natalie to say goodbye to the staffers who d shown up and the place where shed lived for the past four years .
david and i want to get our own place soon .
when they arrived at the beach house , suella once again marveled at how well the cleaning and maintenance staff kept the place looking fresh and well manicured .
what kind of a place are you going to be living in , doll ?
she s been living here more than i have so she must have an idea how to get around this place .
i wonder how he would feel if he was in my , rians , or foxs place , possibly heading to our death .
the light was already waning , and they looked for a place to spend the night .
you mop , you dust , you make sure the place looks pretty for the family .
kindle back there the lauriers tumble - down country place is just thirty miles but , in terms of comfort , a century from paris .
i keep the worm at my place ; no one else seems to want to use it .
teenage mums are fraught , they get no sleep , they smack their babies , they leave them at granny 's place and go out partying and make more babies .
i ' m surprised she 's not here , i 'll walk you down to her place if you like . '
he 's been looking after my place .
let 's have dinner at my place . '
we start at my place looking at the trees .
after a week , the place is spotless , our nails are scrubbed and we 're all sitting up straight at the table and eating our greens .
i borrow a wheelchair and push him back over the hill to my place .
all that mattered was finding a safe place for his family until some scientist put a stop to the monsters .
he 's hiding out from the media down at his sister 's place in santa barbara , and he really wants me to come on down .
did you know that his place in mayfair burned down ?
i have a place , my father 's old beach house , up the coast from malibu .
jade 's mom had gone into hiding , so i took it over to her dad 's place in bernal heights .
more like tripled damn it , my old place is so much more looser than this insane asylum .
i think this place is fantasticit 's everything that i ever dreamed it to beeven better i ' m never going back to the old sod , i swear .
the interior was nice and cozy and much cleaner than brenda expected , after her first impression of the place from the outside .
this is my place , and i like it that way .
no offense , i muttered , but this place can use a real makeover .
i am so disliked that i pack the place every time !
a place he could just hide out in for a while and be someone else .
if we turn right , reasoned holiday in his head as his feet struck the pavement one after the other as fast as they could , we can get back to my place .
if we can get inside the walmart we might be able to sneak out the back and then make our way over to my place .
we can get back to my place .
well , i guess i d better head back to my place .
sometimes she would get up and tiptoe about the place , straightening out this and that .
# 5 once i was over at your place when your father came back from the road with presents for rachel .
and he should nt think that if i left him i did nt have a place to go .
he would like to see her now , she should come over right now or hell come over to her place right away .
` ` this is wonderful , '' she said to her companion , ` ` but night is coming and i must get to grandmother 's place before dark . ''
its been a long time since i ve had a place to call home , richard sighed .
during the daylight hours , the trojan gave family types a place to retreat to for some good , clean fun .
the man i loved decided he wanted someone else , and , well , it was a small place .
i think he 's got a score to settle , and i ' m guessing he 's responsible for cleaning this place up .
i just knew we had to come back thoughthis place is a goldmine !
maybe they d help me find a place to stay .
not knowing if there were more assassins on the way , she told joey and lyle they had to get him to her place .
she sat in the back with xavier as they headed straight for her place .
max followed them inside and did what cats always do ; he curiously busied himself around the place as xavier tended to victorias immediate needs .
commissioner eastman took the liberty of finding you another place to abode in the meantime .
this was your first home , the place we brought you after you were born in the hospital .
a life serving alterian enterprises and living in gestrafa , a place they all proudly called home .
at my place .
it just happens , like some animal instinct leading us some place .
it was basic dsf breach procedure for their situation , though the way things went so far , shed be extremely surprised if there was anyone at all in there this place felt abandoned .
it was nice , for once , to have a place to return to after his searches took him elsewhere .
i like having other humans living in this place .
he had not even considered getting another uptowner job , but why would this woman he barely knew offer him a place to stay ?
he s staying here because he needs a place to stay .
why would an olympian need a place to stay ?
when you 're done , you could swing by my place to return them and check out where i found them . ''
my place was in the middle of nowhere .
you need a place to stay tonight .
his place is double the size of my dorm twenty girls could fit in here easily .
it was one of the few places to escape the radical redecoration endeavors of my brother .
they were no longer the refuge for the doltish sons of wealthy trojans who needed a place to pack away idiot children .
everyone i meet wants to take me back to their place .
perhaps , thought arianne , it would be possible to live in a place like this , to quit this crazy career that dragged you through tides of time and space and have a simple , unbroken life .
he d found his way to the crossroads of where it had all begun and he needed to find some comfort within the place that had left him so conflicted .
his first foster home had been in the city , a place he d been unwilling to adjust to .
everyone i become close to ends up dying , and then solkoi am afraid to become close to anyone , said duffy as he paused for a moment before continuing , i just do nt know where my place is anymore .
why do n't you come with me and we 'll start talking about finding a place to stay .
they were n't far from julian 's own place and he wondered how long he had lived next to such a large , unusual man without noticing .
i 'll take you to my place so you know where to find me .
` ` what i mean , '' she held him fast , ` ` is i need you help me get back to my place , and help find someone to take me to tokyo2 .
i was simply looking for a place to spend the night .
so i revved up my rhyming skills and came up with this little exchange : do you have a place to stay ?
they walked a block in silence , then dexter said , i do nt understand why we ca nt just head to my place .
its a step up from your other place .
my aunt and uncle had a place down here and used to bring me and my cousins every summer for a weekend or two .
he d only stayed at the bar another half - hour after shed left , then he and dexter had gone back to his place .
his idea of a happy place to live could very well be above the arctic jet stream in a bark house with no electricity or plumbing .
the place felt empty but she checked anyway , looking through each room as she had done hundreds of times in the field but someone had removed nearly everything in the house .
she had no safe place to live .
` ` yeah , well , during my brief visit inside your home , i noticed that this place needed some , repairs .
the xeni , led by redgarn feeling his expression turn horrified , he slowly looked at mantra , who stood watching him just as calmly , as though waiting for the effect to take place .
everyone had adored her , in both places we had lived .
out in the living room of his quarters , she kicked off her shoes , sat down on the couch , curled her legs up under her , and lounged back , looking like she owned the place .
it takes us around and around and then back home again to the place where we know we are loved .
through the glass adjacent to the glass right beside me , i watched eli stroll quickly up the hallway , not looking over his shoulder once , just walking by like he owned the place .
i want to build you , penny , janna , and idan a house , a place where we can hide away from all this bullshit .
they made a half - way decent meal out of the canned goods they carried with them , and once they tired of rehashing the days events , one by one they went off to find a place to sleep .
i had a crummy little place in a little town in northern new york .
if it is the end then ill deal with it ; find a place to settle down .
all the secret stuff is normally discussed at my place and i need everyone together for this .
it was a place custom made there had been some terraforming for pleasure and relaxation .
this last time , when we moved into my mothers place , i bought twenty - three plastic containers to use instead of boxes .
my wonderful husband has been dealing with the toilets at our place , so i am going to let him explain what we have been doing .
do nt get me wrong , we love our place , its just hard to be stuck here under the circumstances .
they are looking for a place to go .
not that we could use it for running electricity throughout the house like we had before , but we did volunteer to do movie nights at our place .
i knew that i should be offering her a place to live in the village , but i was nt here to talk shop .
i have been fixing this place up for my retirement , long before i actually moved in .
i think he was happy to have a place to go .
mark , bailey and i have finally moved into our own place .
when jake got out of the hospital , we decided that we would move into the beautiful home next door to annies place .
the color in his pockets was all he had left , and even that was barely enough to cover a few meals and a place to stay .
coldhand pocketed the change and went in search of a place to sleep .
` ` when you left your place , you went to all the old human worlds , right ?
` ` sounds like our place , '' i said grimly .
we have places to be , dude !
this is the only place we currently have , and it is going to be home until we figure out something more permanent .
this entire facility may come crashing down , and i want to make sure that we have a place to move to before it does .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- chapter eighteen a place to call home they were reluctant to move .
they had to have a place to go .
cillian was happy to make time for her , but hoped that she was willing to drive out to his place .
care for a cup of tea at my place ?
a friend pointed out that i d be much happier in a smaller place and he s right .
sometimes she worried that some day he d take them some place far away in their imaginations , and they would nt be able to get back .
she s only been at her current place for four years , but still , its not easy giving up everything and starting anew .
he knew his place was a better rat hole , but he was glad that meitner pretended to like it .
i like my place just like it is now .
hell , over the five generations my family had built up a hell of a nice place .
i grow them and the grain down at my place , longer season , says spud .
` ` i met you at his place . ''
` ` i 'll see you at my place like you said , '' he said .
she came over to our place to get us to kill that mosquito hawk for her ?
` ` you should n't leave your place unlocked like that , '' donna said .
so she thought about it - after of course she 'd loaded the coil of stamps into her mg and drove off - and then she phoned up more of those rip - off freaks she works with and had them drive over with a jackhammer of some kind , water - cooled and water - silenced , a real kinky special one which , christ , they ripped off , too , and they dug the stamp machine loose from the concrete in the middle of the night and carried it to her place in the back of a ford ranchero .
i passed you on my way to your place and then i flashed on it that it was you truckin ' along , so i made a u - turn and came back .
` ` i ' m taking us to my place , '' donna said as she shot along through the night in her little car , ` ` and you do have the money and you will give it to me , and then we 'll drop a few of the tabs and kick back and get really mellow , and maybe you 'd like to buy us a fifth of southern comfort and we can get bombed as well . ''
` ` your car is at your place .
back to her place , to get her mg . donna , wrapped up in her own dreams and plans ; and he - he recalled barris and he recalled luckman and hank and the safe apartment , and he recalled fred .
one day i was over at her place , and this girl friend of hers was there telling her she only had a hysterical pregnancy .
i should always be watching , watching and figuring out , even if i never do anything about what i see ; even if i just sit there and observe silently , not seen : that is important , that i as a watcher of all that happens should be at my place .
` ` come over to my place and let me show you how nice these little rooms can be fixed up .
they 're all right for a small bedroom , just a little cozy presence to get you through the sleeping - period , but for a place this size- '' ` ` and downstairs ?
your place is on the road - scampering down to amgando as fast as you know how .
re - created themselves , with dark , leathery skin and slit pupils , as human forms suitable for sarpedon 's environment , so that they could examine the place they had built .
it made me feel as if i had slipped into a place wealthy enough to use paper , wealthy enough to waste wood on a desk .
` ` because our place is convenient for the purpose , i suppose .
the space people picked me up and gave me something to eat at their place , just tents and a few goats and chickens out in new ... new something .
it 's no place to live .
this is scarcely my idea of a place to live .
` ` let 's go over to my place .
even if what she was about to do blew every power line in six counties , there 'd be no point afterward in bringing timmie back to his place .
i think being a front porch in chicago would be personally more fulfilling than remaining in this place . '
most places in settlertown were comfortable , even downright luxurious - except for the lack of robots - but welton seemed to like things kept to a minimum .
waterlogged bits of the fallen ceiling , a slurry of ash and fire - quenching chemicals , pieces of robot left behind by the settlers ' festivities - the place was a mess .
a man with a broken water pipe in his basement set a robot to bailing the place out - full - time , nonstop , day in , day out , for six months - before the man finally bothered to have repairs made .
he set out on a quest to remove all the things that could disturb his quiet , his peace , his solitude , his comfort of being secure in his own place .
my lab is often a bit of a jumble , and there are notepacks all over the place .
they had taken care of him , seen to it he had a place to stay until it was allover .
it felt more like a home than any place he had ever lived by himself .
most mornings davlo enjoyed watching the garden robots at their tasks , and used the time to decide what else needed doing about the place , but this morning he hardly paid the yardwork any notice at all .
the next step was to find a place to stay , and then to pick up a few of the basic necessities .
the picture showed the corner of a dwelling place with a rolling lawn and a line of hedges in the foreground and three of what could only be described as robots .
` ` i thought you 'd like to come into our place and take a bath . ''
he really had no place to go now that all that was done .
` ` this place is all mine .
he had the credits and dors was not there to wrinkle her nose and wonder aloud how clean - or , more likely , not clean - the place might be .
` ` i have been evicted from my usual place because of the stupid birthday party .
chapter five i shambled back to my place around late o'clock .
` ` i 'll get you to my place , '' i told lara .
` ` i need to get back to my place , get a few things , and go before the cops start watching it .
` ` i got a good look around the place . ''
bob had reported that the room was essentially a storage chamber , with several smaller chambers defined by recently installed drywall that could be used for storage , emergency shelters during the odd tornado warning , or additional rooms for those in need of a place to spend the night .
` ` my place , '' i said .
if there 's an apb out for me , maybe we should n't go back to my place . ''
i 'll drop you at my place .
my place was going to be pretty crowded , pretty fast , but once thomas got into his own apartment , it would be more normal .
mac 's place looks like cheers after a mild apocalypse .
` ` i found a place for her .
` ` we ca n't do that at his place .
` ` people '' - by which i meant the police - ` ` are going to be at my place soon anyway .
` ` your place looks too nice .
` ` if we do n't show up by then , go on back home to your folks ' place .
i rode back to my place with molly in the midmorning .
` ` what about your place ? ''
murphy hung up and i said , to the still - open line , ` ` hey , if you ' ve got someone watching my place , could you call the cops if anyone tries to steal my star wars poster ?
` ` at my place , too . ''
i told her about his behavior in general , and specifically at my place and in the interrogation room downtown .
rudolph 's place , whose address i 'd gotten from murphy , was the smallest house on the block - but it was on the block .
i sure as hell ca n't take him to my place . ''
` ` i do n't even have a place , '' she said .
one of the detectives we shook down confirmed my presence and told them i 'd been seen at your place , and they were waiting there when we came back to get you .
my brother was offering me a place to stay .
there was a shabbiness about the place that came from the deliberate disarray often found in idaho 's chambers : discarded clothing on a slingchair , sandals in a corner .
contemplating my brother lounging around the house all day made me realize how neally coopedup you are in the country ; there 's no place to go and nobody to visit - you just sit home all day reading or doing housework or taking care of the kids .
after we had passed thnough drake 's landing and had started up the narrow blacktop road , saw mill road , to our place , jack said , ` ` it 's sure quiet up here . ''
for all intents and purposes i had given up my room ; now i was going to live with my sister and her husband , at their house - i had no actual place of my own .
one saturday afternoon when fay had gone into san rafael to shop , and the two girls were over at edith keever 's place playing with her children , charley started talking to me out in the field by the duck pen .
one afternoon , over at her place , he had happened to notice an opened bill lying on the coffee table in the living room .
` ` drive back to your place ; we 'll get the bills done , and then we 'll have a drink or a cup of coffee and then i have to get back to my studies . ''
` ` i ' m not letting you into my place , '' she told him .
i drove over to his place and parked and honked the horn .
` ` and she 'll be getting enough from the factory and her property in florida to maintain this place . ''
deck chairs are strewn about the place .
the place had been put back together .
` ` or take it back to my place , either .
` ` we could go to my place , '' butters suggested .
` ` billy , '' i said , ` ` could you please take butters over to my place ? ''
they were doubtless heading for bock 's place , after someone had seen me throw the ghoul out through the plywood - covered door .
i got back to my place , disabled the wards , unlocked the door , and slipped inside .
i had to fight to stay awake all the way back to my place .
murphy 's place was ... dare i say it , really cute .
` ` you did n't answer the phone at your place .
` ` did n't help your place much , '' butters observed .
` ` my place is a rental apartment , '' i said .
there was a thoughtful pause , and then he said , ` ` hey , are we going anywhere near my boss 's place ?
with butters 's help , i was able to get him , luccio , and morgan back to my place .
they were far too badly hurt to stay at my place , though , and senior council member ` ` injun joe '' listens - to - wind himself showed up with half a dozen more stay - at - home wizards who knew something about medicine and healing to move them to a more secure location .
we 'd left the place sort of trashed .
he came to visit me at my place , maybe two weeks later , and gave me the news .
my place is basically a cave with two chambers .
the whole place may have been ragged , but it was very tidy and clean .
my eyes were getting heavy and i had aches in places where i had n't known i had places .
she 'd found a place for herself , somewhere where she felt she could do some good .
when i went in , i stepped down three steps to the hardwood floor and looked around the place .
` ` drop me off at my place , '' i said .
his own feet now scraped , sought purchase , among the familiar loose stones ; he felt the same old painful , irregular roughness beneath his feet and once again smelled the acrid haze of the sky - not earth 's sky but that of some place alien , distant , and yet , by means of the empathy box , instantly available .
after that i just come home and go in my own place and i do n't think about the rest .
` ` your place , here , '' he said , ` ` this apartment you ' ve picked - it 's too kipple - ized to live in .
` ` so you found a place for yourself , '' stuart said .
` ` nice place you have here , gill .
` ` i think we should pay for them , though ; you ' ve already given us so much -- a place to stay and dinner last night . ''
fate 's house , a place different from the ones around it only in the role time had chosen for it .
paul nodded to the clear half of otheym 's face , said : ` ` good luck to you and your dwelling place . ''
the queen flitted from one topic to the next like a butterfly looking for a place to land , but never finding one suitable enough for an extended stay .
she thought of the rambling way his letters told her of life in arelon explaining how he was preparing a place for her .
he could not seem to find a place that felt like home ; after a few months , or in this case ten years , he would grow dissatisfied with the feel of a place , no matter how bland and characterless the decor was , and move to another .
he could not seem to find a place that felt like home ; after a few months , or in this case ten years , he would grow dissatisfied with the feel of a place , no matter how bland and characterless the decor was , and move to another .
it is valuable to know your place , even if that place is temporary .
it is valuable to know your place , even if that place is temporary .
she had not begun her cleaning and the place was as fetid as a wet dog .
this house was still his mother 's place .
` ` but the hotel is built , so there is a place to stay ... ... '' ` ` and the animals ? ''
he did n't know what it was about her that had slid past his defenses , but he 'd let her into a place where only she could do him harm .
she 'd asked him why he 'd kept her place after he 'd been freed , but he 'd refused to answer .
and while he 'd been furious at her , that apartment had been a place where they 'd been happy together .
you ' ve got a nice place here ; a nice little modern place .
` ` i 'll see you at his place tonight . ''
have n't i already been to his place tonight ?
` ` remember that time you and i went there late at night , and i unlocked it with my key , and we went in , like a couple of bad kids ... sneaked in , turned on the hot water showers until the whole place was nothing but steam .
we 'll have to go over to his place .
i could be perfectly happy in this place if we could just forget .
` ` we 're just trying to find a safe place to live .
after that , who knew how long it would be before they found a place to stay for the night .
then they got a cab and went straight to the place they 'd been told hans lived - an apartment building in only slightly better shape than gally 's .
you 'll be saved from being trapped in this place like i have been .
' at my place .
i got it from chris plout ; we had a jink session at his place and none other than the world - famous marm hastings was there .
the rest of the world was a vast extension of her parents ' basement , the last place she wanted to wind up .
i spent all last winter sleeping on my sister 's couch in brooklyn , trying to find a place to stay closer to school .
i ' m coming to your place . ''
but you have to go back to my place .
i drove it places .
chapter five by the time we got back to my place , my head was starting to run at its normal speed , the better to inform me how much it hurt .
` ` i guess you need a ride back to your place , '' i said .
when i came to his place to eat , i considered myself a guest , and he my host .
mac 's place is one big room .
this was the summer lady , youngest of the seelie queens , and when she came in the room , the whole place suddenly seemed more alive .
` ` like at your place ? ''
` ` i 'll pick it up from your place .
` ` get in touch with murphy for me , and tell her i need her at my place , now .
she took a look around the place , frowning , before she shut the door .
` ` would you want visitors leaving radioactive waste around behind them when they left your place ? ''
when we got there , i told michael , ` ` molly 's stuff is back at my place .
i went back to my place .
i rooted around in my closet and found an old brown apprentice robe one of the shiny new wardens had left at my place after a local meeting .
you do n't have any place to stay .
i need to find work and a place to live .
it seems as though i ' ve never had a place of my own to decorate .
` ` have you applied for a place to sleep ? ''
do n't ask me why i ' m not right there with them , looking for a place to crash .
i guess i feel like i 'd be insulting the memory of everybody who died , fertilizing this place with our blood and bone , while we tried to eke out a living .
the only person who ever gave me a quiet place to call my own without asking anything in return lives in a tenement on gehenna .
yeah , i know he 's had a rough life and never found a place he belongs .
it was not the place i 'd wanted when i set out to start anew , but it was a place nonetheless .
now i had a place of my own .
my place was functional , nothing more , a one - room convenience in a high - rise .
hit leads us through the customary searches with a minimum of fuss , then we look for a place to stay near the market , which is colorful , as always , full of diaphanous fabrics and belly jewels , totemic carvings and sacred kirpan .
` ` i ' ve got a place . ''
i refused to stay on nicu tertius with him , but here , i have my first dirtside residence since gehenna , when i worked at hidden rue and lived in a garret above adele 's place .
that 's a lucky break ; otherwise , we 'd be fighting for our lives with no place to go .
` ` and a clean place to stay .
the legate had good taste in home interiors if he furnished the place himself .
they 'd paid some madman who thought he was a decorator a lot of money to make the place look hip and unique .
underneath the blanket of snow the place looked as smooth and white and sterile as the inside of a new refrigerator .
mac 's place had only the one door .
i 'd drive for a few minutes to be sure we were in the clear , and then circle back to michael 's place .
i ' ve got some wards on my place that 'll fry you to greasy spots on the concrete .
i had a fire at my place , which she could probably use .
they left my place early this morning .
` ` speaking of , i came by your place after i was done playing tag with assassin midgets last night .
chapter thirty - five i slept in the cab of michael 's truck all the way back to his place , leaning against the passenger - side window .
` ` get back in your car and give me a ride to my place . ''
you could stay with us for awhile , until you find a decent place . ''
dinner alone , cooking and keeping the place fixed up for myself .
` ` they 're happy , contented , satisfied ; they - have good jobs ; they eat well ; they have a nice place to live .
this place is going to be torn apart .
they smashed my place so i could n't help notice .
` ` perhaps , but amp ; '' ` ` did you call the police , about your place ? ''
despite all that , the place was clean and tidy .
the other boys his age , they did n't wonder about their place .
if i had n't had a place to go - a dogan - she might ' ve taken over completely . ''
he moved from town to town , a hobo who rode the rods in a passenger car and wearing a suit instead of in a boxcar wearing oshkosh biballs , never staying in one place long enough to put down roots .
they have also put a sign reading sunset cottage on a post at the head of the driveway , and as far as uncle sam 's concerned it 's part of their mailing address , but to the local folk , this house at the south end of keywadin pond will always be the old john cullum place .
listen , we do n't know each other ... this is crazy ... but do you have a place to stay ?
they 're like a landlord who kicks out a deadbeat renter so he can get the house cleaned up for the new tenant ; i think this has always been about getting the place ready . ''
big old place in phoenix , with that stupid ninny george and my sister visiting me every day .
you 'll have to make new food coupon applications , people may visit your place , you ca n't risk that . ''
i have an old high - pressure tank at my place , that would get you the whole way . ''
there was an old family place in the adirondacks i could go to , and that sounded fine to me .
` ` when i came in on the last night i meant to spend in the apartment , the place was empty except for the kitchen table , the bed , and my typewriter in the den .
she expected him to put the place in order before her return .
henry had responded not by promising to quit snorting but by telling eddie he did n't blame him for being mad , he knew nam had turned him into a worthless shitbag , he was weak , he would leave , that was the best thing , eddie was right , the last thing he needed was a filthy junkie around , messing up the place .
they had a screaming match in the hall , henry standing there in an old pair of khakis with his packed duffle bag in one hand and purple rings under his eyes , eddie wearing nothing but a pair of yellowing jockey shorts , henry saying you do n't need me around , eddie , i ' m poison to you and i know it , and eddie yelling back you ai n't going nowhere , get your ass back inside , and that 's how it went until mrs . mcgursky came out of her place and yelled go orstay , it 's nothing to me , but you better decide one way or the other pretty quick or i ' m calling the police .
if he did , he would never leave the place to be cleaned in his absence , for sweepers were notoriously easy to bribe , and to the casual eye there was little difference between a thorough cleaning and a thorough search .
` ` does he ever leave his place ? ''
` ` they do n't keep this place too clean . ''
no one would disturb this place until i returned or it was given to someone new .
we have to decide whether this place is safe or if it 's time to move on .
` ` bet you ' ve never seen anything like my place here . ''
so we might as well find a new place for you now .
` ` i never found a place i liked enough to stay . ''
i 'd promised myself that i would not disturb this place , but it probably would n't hurt anything if i just curled up on the foot of the bed .
i took a deep breath and walked slowly into doc 's place .
his sleeping place was completely barren , the sponge , handkerchief , cracker bundle , the box top all gone .
one picture was his mother , unsmiling and work worn , but still with beautiful eyes ; one showed his father 's parents , two intense faces which stared directly into the recording lens ; and one slightly larger picture showed ` ` the family place '' which was , kerro reminded himself , a patch of land on a patch of planet lost long ago when its sun went nova .
she saw the usual holo , com - console , sensors , but the place offended her directly , she was one who appreciated beauty .
through the most unpleasant of coincidences , he would now have a chance to experience both places within an eight - hour span of time : into lax as the pilot , into logan as a deadheading passenger .
but at least he did n't mention that i 'd never owned an amp , so we shared one over at his place too .
replacements - zahler- we churned out one fawesome tune after another - me , moz , and pearl , meeting two or three times a week at her place .
in a couple of weeks i could call up luz and have her come to my new place .
in our own place , he could go play with his little friends whenever he wanted .
the thought made me shiver a little , and i looked around my room again , the place i 'd lived for almost eighteen years .
` ` my new place , '' i said .
` ` we 're going to our new place , moz , '' i explained .
this was my mother 's place .
he had never seen a place quite like it .
of the occupied houses on the street ( 242 , the old hobart place , is vacant ) , the wyler place is the only one which even approaches seedy - it 's a small ranch - style home that could use a fresh coat of paint , and a fresh coat of seal on the driveway .
she had a place to go .
he 'd woven it out of her best memories and sweetest dreams , had given her a place to go when madness threatened , and if the fantasy was getting a little threadbare , like a carpet starting to show strings where the foot - traffic was the heaviest , that was n't his fault .
i wish herbie had a place to go , but i do n't think he does .
i wish i could tell him about my place , maybe even take him there , but it would n't be wise .
just so his place did n't have a bad case of spontaneous combustion some night .
if the place had fallen apart , as most things in roland 's world apparently had , you certainly could n't tell it from here .
` ` i thought charlie might take us to his place - wherever he lived - instead of to my aunt 's wedding , and never let us go home again . ''
both saw and marvelled at the gorgeously sculpted bestiary - bear and turtle , fish and rat , horse and dog - which ringed the top of the building in two - by - two parade , and understood it was the place they had come to find .
they stayed with her until they could get their own place a few blocks away .
she 'd go home in a little while only because it was healthy to do so , healthy to rest her eyes and her feet and her brain , of course , and to be some place besides here for the weekend ; to be on the sweet christine , at sea .
i said nothing , for surely it was her decision whether or not i should leave this place , not mine .
' my grandfather hated to go up there our place in metaine was always so cheerful my father said that grandfather would come home crying when deirdre was three years old , grandfather made them get their first christmas tree in all those years he took a package of ornaments up there for it he bought the lights at katz and bestoff and put them on himself it 's so hard to imagine people living in that sort of gloom i wish i had really known my grandfather he was born in that house think of it and his father , julien , had been born before the civil war ' cortland , by this point in time , had become the image of his father , julien pictures of him even as late as the mid-1950s show him as a tall , slender man with black hair , and gray only at the temples his heavily lined face was remarkably like that of his father , except for the fact that his eyes were much larger , reminiscent of stella 's eyes , though he had juhen 's agreeable expression , and frequently cheerful smile .
i hoped she was happy in this wholesome place i was convinced that i must see her from afar before i attempted to speak to her .
she understood why michael loved that house , loved this place .
well , everyone can come to my place afterwards , i told you ... ' she kept her eyes down , on the silver handles , on the flowers , on the velvet kneeler right in front of her now .
and i saw him in san francisco , too , you saw him , remember , the night you picked me up at my place , but we both thought he was a reporter .
you asked downstairs if i could take over , hire the people i needed to restore the whole place .
i woke up thinking the place was on fire and there were all kinds of people downstairs .
and now that her furniture was on the way , she could invite all the lovely mayfair ladies over to her place at last .
it had the nice cozy feel of a country place after first street - with its lower ceilings and simpler crown moldings , and the large deep fireplace , built not for coal but for a real raging log fire .
dirty dishes , pots and pans and even glasses of spoiled food , soiled clothing strewn everywhere , litter and debris ... troubled , he gazed around , wondering if he should offer to clean up the place .
i really should clean up this place , she realized .
` ` herb , '' she said , ` ` you can stay at my place if you want ; i ' ve got a big house .
` ` i 'll drop by your place in half an hour and pick you up .
he could n't imagine the half - human thing moving through the house , so it was probably a normal darkling , a brash young one to invade this modern place .
unscrolling it , dess immediately recognized the angles of the house , a three - quarter plan drawn back before the place had started to sag .
we lifted morgan by the simple expedient of picking up the entire area rug he was lying on , and settled him down on the only bed in the place , the little twin in my closet - sized bedroom .
chapter four about five minutes after i left thomas 's place , i found myself instinctively checking the rearview mirror every couple of seconds and recognized the quiet tension that had begun to flow through me .
i watched my vision blur , and realized that i was n't only making an excuse to keep her away from my place .
but it had taken considerable adjustments for both of us to get used to sharing our tiny place with a monstrous , friendly dust mop , and the sudden lack of his presence was noticeable and uncomfortable .
` ` if i take you back to my place , they 'll pick us up again , '' i said .
` ` i ' m taking you to my place . ''
` ` why are you watching my place ? ''
` ` i ' ve got some meds at my place . ''
` ` but you ca n't keep him at your place . ''
gaming night came along , and as i had most weeks for the past several years , i showed up at will and georgia 's place .
like look how he keeps his place .
the bomb must have put this place 's heating system out of action . ''
' you got a place to stay tonight ?
but the thing was , sammy had her own place out on the motton road - just a trailer , but all hers since her husband had taken off in the spring - and little walter slept practically all day .
then she added dinsmore farm ? yes , he was probably thinking about alden dinsmore 's place .
on the other hand , if he went back to his place over the drugstore , would he be able to sleep ?
carter thibodeau and his friends had taken all of her fridge - dope when they left , but they had n't searched the place , so the shoebox with the rough skull - and - crossbones drawn on it was still in the closet .
you ' ve been eating blueberry pancakes and that nasty limp bacon you like at my place four and five days a week for twenty years , and calling me rosie while you did it .
the place stank ( always had , always would , fern thought ) , but the floor was swept and there was no sign of disarray .
i hope that 's it , because if she tries to walk all the way back to her place , she 's apt to bust her stitches . '
julia , you 're welcome to stay here with me , but i think you could find a better place .
she was sitting across the street from her place , mooning at the wreckage . '
he had the place to himself , it appeared .
they 'd have no place to go .
` ` no , it was because my mother used to rent out rooms in our old place in l.a . '' barrows eyed her .
a day before the program he called me over to his place and showed me the listing .
` ` i managed to contact the person i came here to meet and he wants me to spend the night at his place . ''
her apartment occupied the top ring of the tower they had had built on this world , safe in the knowledge that their hiding place lay beyond the reach of any law or any communication except that granted through a single caleban - who had but a short time to live .
and there would be death without suffering to make this place forever safe - a giant orgasm of death .
it was a gorgeous place , white picket fence and everything , somehow preserving a suburban appearance despite the city all around us .
i looked up to see that , except for mac , i had the place entirely to myself .
thomas had given it to me , in case i should need to show up at his place in an emergency .
he had a key to my place , too , even after he 'd moved out .
( though i suspected that thomas had looked in on my place a few times , hoping to figure out how the place managed to get so clean .
( though i suspected that thomas had looked in on my place a few times , hoping to figure out how the place managed to get so clean .
though i had to wonder what he was doing that pulled down the kind of money this place would require- the kitchen was like the living room - a lot of the same stainless steel and black in the appliances , though the walls had been painted white , as was the expensive tile floor .
thomas was feeling crowded , so he moved into his own place , and ... '' i shrugged and tried to look like murphy did when talking about her exes .
so i use one of the incendiary devices like the one in murphy 's saturn , put it on a kitchen timer a couple of floors below anna 's place , cut the building 's power , phones , and alarms , and set the whole shebang on fire , boom .
` ` i 'll drop you off at your place . ''
abby 's place was a modest , hectic little apartment , segregated into neatly compartmentalized areas .
` ` can you stop by my place tonight after work ?
he would be back around nine or so , to begin readying the old party - palace for another night of hilarity , but until then the man sitting at mistress thorin 's table had the place to himself .
something 's wrong at our place / '' roland glanced toward bert , riding peaceably some five hundred yards away .
it would be so easy just to lie back and pretend that she had accepted the real johnny ram 's offer of dinner and now she 'd brought him back to her place to continue their evening .
the three children cleaned the place from top to bottom that weekend as they always did .
this house where he played was a handsome place , but it made toby uneasy .
` ` they ' ve been following us since we left your place .
this place had been my solace before that murder .
it seemed natural that they should be here , it seemed natural that i should experience this new joy of having them both , in this place where my grim , sarcastic prayers for redemption had actually been answered .
the servants had swept the place , cleared away the fallen chandeliers , and dusted things .
other songs he had written included : ` ` happy mister jesus , '' ` ` jesus , can i come and stay at your place ? ''
` ` i 'll meet you at your place , '' said jessica .
` ` i ' m taking her back to my place , jess .
she was the barmaid , and one night , after closing , she told me she 'd just lost her digs , so i offered her the sofa at my place .
it was a free day , and i was going to spend it cleaning the place and reading the papers .
i do know , however , that once i reached the place i was staying , i just stood there , unable to go inside , to wash , and then to sleep , unwilling to do anything else .
there was a stunted palm tree growing outside the place i was staying , and i resolved to walk for a way , keeping the tree in sight , to smoke my cigarette , perhaps even to think ; but i felt too drained to think .
i walked back to the place i was staying , to the house by the stunted palm tree , to wash myself and to wait .
tom was far more comfortable with his family than he was and he was jealous of that and wanted to stay with them and find his place .
she grabbed him by the hand and led him up a flight of stairs and into her bedroom , which was no neater than the rest of the place , then turned and threw herself into his arms .
and i realised when i got in around four this morning that the place smells .
during those eleven years , she expressed virtually no interest in me save for an occasional late - night telephone call from unimaginable places like ouagadougou or aleppo .
hollow continued , ` ` -and he hiked up into those woods behind her place .
in 2005 , while we were at our place in paris , i got an e - mail from rex referring casually to chick 's return to airedale general , so i phoned the hospital at once .
the place was small , a bungalow with masonite siding , a cracked cinder - block foundation , and the remains of a garden that anna had planted .
we 'll find some cheap place to stay , and drive home on sunday . ''
and i do n't think i feel right about sleeping at my dad 's place . ''
fat charlie had , on his first visit to rosie 's mother 's place , taken a bite from one of the wax apples .
so , i was wondering - could i take a bath at your place tonight ? ''
she was in his kitchen this morning , walking about that place damn near naked .
for he was n't the least bit fat - put his arm around her and said , ` ` now , you 're coming back to my place , '' in a voice so deep and real it made her abdomen vibrate ; and she said nothing about working the next day , nothing about there 'd be time enough for that kind of thing when they were married , nothing at all , in fact , while all the time she thought about how much she did n't want the evening to end , and how very very much she wished - no , she needed - to kiss this man on the lips , and to hold him .
i think we should go back to my place .
` ` even if nobody 's trying to kill me , can we skip lunch and go back to my place ?
and we 'll go back to my place , for a proper talk .
then he said , ` ` after you passed out at my place , i called silver and told him to keep shanel with him .
i bought a place here after the developers went bust , figured it would be a good off - the - books safe house in case i ever had to leave jakarta in a hurry . ''
i 'll find a place and work as well .
i have a guest room at my place .
for a few months there , after times square , when no one thought anyone would stay , you change the locks on a place , it 's basically yours .
so should we head back to my place ?
i leave persephone , mark , and the mangy eight at my place and take my boat across the river .
something had upset her over at bennie 's place , but she had refused to talk about it .
` ` with enough of 'em , they could probably tear this place apart . ''
at this late hour , she had the place to herself .
he had his own place near lake pontchartrain , a fixer - upper he bought after katrina .
though they could n't share their life , they could share this place , this bit of home .
when we aired out her rooms and cleaned the place , it must have been disturbed , then was drawn out by the water in the tub . ''
who built a place with no windows in back ?
he never called one place home for longer than six months , so romance was usually no more than a long weekend leave .
with the bell gone and little hope of a cure , the place was coming apart at the seams .
but the place showed signs of disrepair : crumbling plaster , dust in the rafters , frayed and faded rugs on the floor .
the place was locked up tight , a fortress .
even saint nick would have a hard time calling this place home .
` ` iris and i 'll see about rustling up a real breakfast at our place while you settle matters . ''
as it was the off - season for tourists , he had rented out the entire place , which consisted of only a dozen bedrooms anyway .
after a long moment staring at nothing , he pulled up his disk partition , reviewed what still needed doing , and started cleaning the place up .
he should have been finding a job or a place to sleep that was n't charity .
miller felt a moment 's relief that he was n't hot - bunking at the boy 's place anymore .
an anonymous cube on the station with even less personality to it than his place back on ceres .
` ` you got a place to bunk down ? ''
he had n't even had a place that was really his own until he mustered out .
i will find us a nice place to live there , and nami and i will make it a home .
` ` someday we 'll have to invite you back to our place . ''
` ` it 's not as nice as your place , '' he said .
the details came out in no particular order : erich was in a safe place , timmy had been taking food to him , the fake profile deal had been interrupted by the security crackdown , erich 's original deck was gone but he had a replacement , the police probably had his dna profile now .
she 'd left her old place and trapped it against intrusion from the imperials .
` ` heading back to your place ? ''
much as he 'd always been a big - city guy , he could understand not leaving a place like this .
got a place to stay ? ''
he was passing mailboxes that were already in the five hundreds , feeling the first glimmer of relief , knowing beverly 's place would be on the next block .
the refrigerator , the sink , the stove - rust covered every metal surface like a fungus , this place reminding him of the old homesteads he and his friends would stumble across on summer explorations into the woods behind their farms .
` ` i do n't have any place to go , lisa .
` ` i sometimes think of what this place will be like while we 're all under . ''
there were loads of them on this block , and two parked on the curb in front of maggie 's place .
this place is the only home i ever had , and your husband ruined it .
he turned this place upside down .
even if i somehow busted out of here , old duffer like me , i 'd have no place to go . ''
` ` after we got to her place , i pretended to call grandpa again .
oh , i have many chores to keep this place in order .
i bet that cow could tear this place apart if she wanted .
could n't possibly live with myself if i did n't give her a place to stay . ''
i knew nothing of the whole cancer fiasco when i bought this place .
` ` the whole place is wired with alarms .
cinder suspected that a crew was responsible for checking on it a couple times a year , to patch roof tiles and ensure that the power generator was n't malfunctioning , so that if a catastrophe ever did occur , it would still be a safe place for the emperor to retire to .
` ` because you came to our place and then , like a day later , the whole city explodes and all the reboots are gone .
this man who now existed in a place none of us could comprehend .
even before he 'd started seeing sintra , his place had n't looked this bad .
they 'd have had to tear the place apart .
you thought you two would just walk in here , into my place , and you 'd take me away to your shitty little station for questioning ?
to shove it out of the one window without destroying the place .
left it there while we took the place apart .
set against the banks of the river moth , remote from much of ambergris , the place could hardly be called an improvement over the house we had grown up in , but it was less expensive , and our mother had come to realize that with her husband dead nothing much remained to keep her in stockton .
although i ' ve never talked to them , i ' ve shared this place with them for days now .
the place needed a serious airing out , although to the reporter 's credit he did n't so much as wrinkle his nose , even when a plume of dust rose from the impact of his sinewy bu**ocks meeting the seat of the second sofa chair .
i ' m leaving you the apartment until you can find your own place .
winter was coming on , however , and i had a place to sleep and a fire to keep me warm , and the old people kept me well - fed , so i decided that i could stand a little depression .
' in my whole life , i ' ve never really had a place of my own .
i think that just once , i 'd like to have a place that nobody can throw me out of . '
a bit of clutter gives a place that lived - in look , do n't you agree ?
the women of maragor were generous and friendly , so i always had something to eat and a place to sleep .
it was n't so bad in the summer time when i could open the windows to air the place out , but in the winter i just had to live with it .
' i ' m a little surprised to see anyone living in a place like this , ' i called to her .
i 'll see to it that they have places to live and food to eat . '
money 's almost always locked up somewhere , and nobody who takes care of it ever seems to think of opening the windows to air the place out .
' long enough to get the place cleaned up , anyway , ' geran said with a tone of resignation .
our lease on the somewhat shabby house near the lake was running out anyway , and our incipient groom thought it appropriate to bring his new wife home to a place he actually owned .
' you ca n't just walk in here and steal a man 's place like this . '
it might be better if we had our own separate place , but it 's too late now .
' it 's at your place this year .
he opened his eyes and looked for the first time at the place he would forever call home .
' we 're looking for a place to spend the night . '
' we 're going to have to find some place to stay the night , ' he told her , ' and we have n't passed any kind of house for the last ten miles . '
i 'll mention your place to my friends . ''
' we need a place to stay for a while , ' sparhawk told him .
' besides , i save enough in moorage fees to offset more than the cost of keeping the place up . '
i ' ve found a quiet place to live , and the hunting 's very good there .
' he knew that the tribe was going to have to find a new place to live , but he did n't feel up to doing it himself because his sorrow - or maybe even grief- had disabled him to the point that he could n't make decisions any more .
he called in a hoarse whisper , running back to his place .
` ` we take turns looking out for him - making sure he 's fed and has a place to sleep .
` ` what kind of place did they live in ? ''
when i had realized mr . eckhert had no place to sleep , i invited him to stay at our house .
and give them a place to stay !
` ` why do n't we have him take us to his place ? ''
` ` the place was getting torn apart when we were there .
turning back to jackson , i asked , ` ` so how do we get to your place from here ? ''
does everyone and every thing need a place to call home and feel safe in ?
i ' m trying to help you through your friggin ' grief and help you find a place to live .
maybe she hass no place to go now . ''
` ` kirsten , bodo had some interesting things to say to me about his stay at your place .
he 'll come here to eat and then back to my place to sleep .
if my place ever burns to the ground , i hope we can find a home with you here , at least until we find another . ''
i 'll meet you at our place at lunchtime .
we need a place to live .
bryn , you take them to your place tonight .
` ` she wants to be able to set up shop at her new place , stupid . ''
` ` i used to live on one of the streets down from their place .
everyone here will be very happy for peter 's tendencies when we get to our new place .
` ` guys who got away when we came to their place , i think .
they 'd come from so far and battled so many adversities , just to find a place they could call home again .
` ` you picked the wrong place to live if you 're sensitive about that kind of thing . ''
who knew where i 'd be right now if i did n't have this valuable skill to offer these people in exchange for a safe place to live .
i 'd been so wrapped up in finding food to eat , a place to live , and companions who would n't eat me , i had n't much considered the other human needs , other than on the most basic level .
i just wanted a safe place to live for my little family , and to get it , i had to help them .
we have a place to live , a family , a pink poodle ... '' buster seemed to know somehow that he was being talked about .
we have a place to sleep , clothes , shoes that do n't stink like dead fish , food , and the constant entertainment of male egos gone wild .
once i was sure i was n't being watched here in the backyard either , i went to the fence that separated my yard from the mystery neighbor 's place .
this looks nothing like my place . ''
i want to get a place that 's permanent .
` ` maybe when we get to our new place , we can get lessons from bryn , '' said peter .
` ` well , at least you have this nice place to live . ''
we can use dese in case anyone comes to our new place .
it was tempting to think of living in a place that was already built for us .
now all we had to do was find some water transportation , figure out how to use it , and not get eaten by alligators or deer - eating snakes before we found a place to live .
we just came here looking for a place to live .
we 're looking for a new place to live , out of the way of ... other people , '' i said .
just help us find a place to stay and you 'll never hear from us again , we promise . ''
` ` you 're going to give us a place to live , on your land , in exchange for krav maga training ? ''
it seems weird that they 'd offer us a place to live and then kidnap one of us . ''
that 's what i agreed to do in exchange for a place to live . ''
sera wished she could transport the entire house into the future - she 'd love to live in a place with so much variety and personality .
i went to stay at my uncle 's place , a cabin in the boonies .
her bedchamber was the only place that arya liked in all of king 's landing , and the thing she liked best about it was the door , a massive slab of dark oak with black iron bands .
` ` i 'll find a place for her . ''
she had tried talking to the children she saw in the street , hoping to make a friend who would give her a place to sleep , but she must have talked wrong or something .
` ` there 's no place to go . ''
and yet summerhall was the place the prince loved best .
we 'd find a place for gilly too , and sam could come visit her once a year or so .
` ` them as have no other place to live .
my place is - ` ` ` ` - where ?
` ` place was overrun with rats when we moved in .
` ` evaded the crowds gathered outside your place ? ''
i chew down on a piece of dried fruit and i wonder what it must be like to have no noise , to come from a place with no noise .
` ` why does anyone look for a new place to live ? ''
francia and hildy bickering twixt themselves about whether francia 's got a place to put us in for however long we might wan na stay .
we all have places .
i just want your help in convincing her that i ' m not the tyrant she thinks , that history is n't as she knows it , that if we work together , we can make this place into the home we both wanted when our people left old world all those many years ago .
and i ' m overwhelmed by seeing them , so much so i ca n't speak for a minute , and i pull a little away from bradley and the light catches his face and i see him , really see him , see his kind brown eyes , his skin the same dark shade that corinne 's was , his short curly hair , greying at the temples , bradley who was always my favourite on the convoy , who used to teach me arts and maths , and i look over and see the familiar freckled skin of simone , too , the red hair tied back in a ponytail , the teeny tiny scar on the rise of her chin and i think , in all that 's happened , how much they disappeared to the back of my mind , how much the process of just surviving on this stupid , stupid world made me forget that i came from a place where i was loved , where people cared for me and for each other , where someone as beautiful and smart as simone and as gentle and funny as bradley would actually come after me , actually want what was best .
` ` to places we never even knew existed . ''
i told her it was okay , and asked if she needed a place to stay , but she was going to her sister 's .
and he had to find a place to live , and build shelter , and start the whole world over again .
` ` do you two need a place to stay ? ''
as if on cue i heard her shriek and immediately she bolted out of the bathroom ` ` this place is filthy joel .
instead darien burst through my door and dragged me back to his place so leona could save it .
the place looked like it had been ransacked with furniture tipped over , and belongings scattering the floor .
ill pick you up at eight at your place .
as far as that goes , if you ever change your mind about living with me , or even if you just need a place to stay for a night , i m open to that .
she knew that on a night like this she would most probably have the place to herself .
well , they did nt know that she had repeatedly been invited by darius to stay at his place .
there was no way he would find a place anywhere remotely as nice as where they were staying now , but he could see himself in a mid - grade studio apartment with a decent view of the city sometime in the very near future .
your grandmother nora would be appalled at his place .
i mean i do nt have any place to go or own anything .
i m still trying to figure out why you invited yourself over to his place when you d barely met the guy ?
it involves whether max and adair are at his place right now plotting to wreak more havoc on midway beach .
his white pickup is in front of the duplex and the place is dark , as though he really is asleep .
chapter 2 ` ` nice place you got here , '' mr . dunningham said , looking around as if he 'd never been in our home before .
` ` dunningham said we 're going to be studying at your place , '' josh said , pushing his glasses up on his nose .
not a temporary set - camp , but a place to live for seasons to come .
i hoped you have enjoyed your day at our lovely place , because there s more exciting and fun adventures awaiting you , tomorrow .
tina defiantly shouts since this is her home , the only place she can stay until other swift arrangements can be made .
do nt ya do ritual dances at your place ?
your uncle must ve driven them to your place inside the bam u campus where you conveniently hitched a ride with gizmo and cecil back to my dorm room .
out here in the country was the only place he could go and not be found .
he did nt know if he even wanted to go back , or if his place was hope homes on a construction site .
` ` guess you were n't going back to his place for smoochies after all , huh ? ''
the homecoming dance was tonight , and bri had suggested deb and i come to her place ahead of time so we could all do our hair and makeup together .
ill make sure they have a suitable place to stay .
i can just imagine loads of walkers hobbling around the place , everything silent and stationary .
the place is spotless though , not even a speck of dirt to tarnish the floor .
among the cartoons , there are old irish sayings , written in irish first , then in english beneath them , one catches my eye , the only one i could ever remember in school anytime we had to write an essay ; nl aon tinten mar do thinten fin ~ there s no place like home .
we better find a place to stay for the night , i turned and suggested to the other two .
gesturing to each makeshift room as though it was not already self - explanatory , elle gave long dissertations on how they acquired each belonging , down to the torn rug laid on the wood floor of the kitchen that she bragged gave the place a homey feel .
they had been transplanted at the time of the domes construction from the old home , the place where his kind had lived and been safe for decades .
once in a while the girls and i come and clean up the place , i do nt even know why .
i could do with a maid , someone to keep the place in good order , clean and tidy for me .
something about this place screamed changes for kali , that s me , the not so normal girl .
webb , we need to get to your moms place .
since when do you have places ?
its just my place .
its nice to have a place to get away from everything sometimes .
i did nt find him anywhere else , so i thought maybe he d be at your place .
i dunno , i just thought you had some food or something he followed nevi to her place , the vacant apartment where they had first seen nogolo talking to the pigeons outside .
without leaders to keep the clan organized , things could get really mixed up here , with everyone fighting for food and places to live , and no one doing any cleaning so we ca nt hide from the humans so well .
well , come over to my place after this and me and my mom will help you make one , okay ?
were close to your place , just run over and get it .
owen had been in my house , and we had both been in caspers , but i had no recollection of ever setting foot in owens place .
your place really goes beyond my wildest dreams that i had coming to this place .
your place really goes beyond my wildest dreams that i had coming to this place .
you can all stay at our place for a bit and then we can call your parents to come and get you from there , liam offered .
declan said to ben placing his arm over bens shoulders comfortingly , as they stepped into what was going to become their new place for the next few days .
already said goodbye to my family and had a good look around and i tell you , this place is awesome !
there was no way he would not be trying extremely hard to stay in this wonderful safe place , with avando to watch over him and regular food on the table , not to mention clothing and the security of the housing !
and all of this lovely hand - carved woodwork , the leather furniture , and oh god , what is nt there to love about this place ?
he owns the boat repair shop over there , and our place is right next to it .
well stop by your place after and you can follow us out to the cabin to set up something there .
actually , he s planning on bringing me to his place .
i think this is her place , he said as we drove up the dirt road to the next cabin over .
this time , i m gon na have more tangible evidence than mosquito bites and a bad case of poison ivy in places where i did nt even know i had places .
i m so glad you found out she s here in this place because the not knowing part was killing you inside .
i am so glad to know you were happy in this place , if only for a little while .
if you want , why do nt you come to my place over the holidays ?
a perfect place to practice , luke had told her when he picked her up from her house and brought her over to his place .
but afterwards , when i came back to your place , all the cuts had closed .
so , we thought about it and thought about it '' ` ` we 're going to my place , '' miles voiced up , knowing emma could have easily talked for another ten minutes without reaching the point .
his parents had to leave right after graduation , so we 'll have the place to ourselves .
we have five , maybe ten minutes before they reach the party and tear this place apart .
would you mind checking on my place ?
in fact , she s headed to europe for the summer and asked me to stay at her place when i can .
please be careful and take care of her place .
his parents place ?
i guess her way of saying thanks for keeping an eye on her place .
my dad said someone bought the main ranch a couple months ago and wanted to buy our place too , but my dad would nt sell it to them .
chapter 27 visalia california lisa and john had a perpetual problem finding a place to be alone , until they discovered that lisas father had put in an office years ago at his airplane hangar at the small agriculture airport outside visalia , california .
four hours back at my place and they will be begging me to do whatever i ask .
all i know is his place is east of here , he calls it the studio and it takes about an hour to get here .
he does nt have the risk of sending videos out of his place , except for the one time to belarus .
you can stay at my place , and head out in the morning .
i pull the hood of my sweatshirt up over my head and start looking out for a place to stay .
bobbys lucky enough to be able to stay in one place and live here without worrying about winter and starving to death , yet he ca nt even wash his own dishes .
is he offended that i found his place disgustingly messy ?
never yelled at me for letting lila hang out in the trailer with me , but considering that the place seems so much bigger now that its clean , and i vacuum her fur up on a daily basis , there s not much reason to keep her out .
you got a place to stay tonight ?
what am i thinking , sitting here , waiting for some guy i do nt know who does nt know me to come and bring me back to his place ?
i have nt responded to beverlys question so she asks , do you want a place to stay tonight or what ?
you re the one who showed up at my place , okay ?
i ca nt go back to my place tonight .
why ca nt you go back to your place ?
she crashed at my place last night and when i woke up a few minutes ago she was gone without even saying goodbye .
she crashed at your place ?
did you come back to my place in the last hour ?
i have no clue how they knew i came to your place .
they must have tracked me somehow and thought that i gave the flash drive to you and that is why they blew up your place .
my friend and i need a place to crash tonight and to borrow a car in the morning .
i went back to the car and told olivia that we had a place to stay and a new ride for tomorrow .
i guess i owe you a place to stay . ''
we need to head back to my place . ''
i could nt wait to spend the night at her place tonight .
your mom must be a pretty good lawyer to afford a place over there .
i ' ve become so used to changing on my own , of having the place to myself that i had forgotten he 'd followed me .
i do n't know what 's going on at the place i ' ve called home for the last seven years , i do n't know if anyone down here is still alive .
ill find him a place to stay , auntie says , about to bustle off .
aunties place used to be safe ; who s to say the other safehouse have nt been compromised as well ?
his cabin was a small place , but it would do .
twenty - five since we could no longer stay at grethens house , the orc offered us a place to stay with his family .
i ve seen the kind of man you are and the things that you do , lets just find a place to stay for the night so we can discuss what route to take to greece .
now , lets find a place to stay for the night .
you must understand that the place we lived was provided by my grandfather , he said it was ours to do with as we pleased except for one rule .
as much as i d love to watch you kids get along i have places to go and wars to fight , now you three play nice , good luck on surviving .
after a few short minutes the group arrives at the palace , the inside of it is even more gorgeous than the outside , the splendor of the place take all of their breath away .
chapter 31 vasos had nt slept that well in a long time , as he put his clothes on he could nt help but wonder if the bed was just that comfortable or if there was some magic in the place .
how do you like your new place ?
you think i want to live in this place ?
i lived in a place where nothing really belonged to anyone , except to william .
i ve got my own place .
even if biot staffing releases goldie , we ve no place i can afford on this side of the city , and we ca nt live here .
i ve got a hot date , and i need my man here to get my place ready .
she s at my place .
if they can , few still have a place to go .
taking her cue not to ask any more questions , her mom turned up the radio and hummed to the music the rest of the ride back to my place .
he was so disappointed , he d shown up at kat 's place on his way to the party to give me a kiss .
if my aunts as bad as you say , i might need a place to hide out .
she made a last inspection , satisfied that the place would be livable until the seasons turned .
i love grandma too , but this place is like a sweatshop .
also i over heard that he just divorced your mom today and is moving into june 's place and selling you guys old place . ''
also i over heard that he just divorced your mom today and is moving into june 's place and selling you guys old place . ''
` ` you are n't seeing the whole picture alex , now because your dad has divorced her your mom ca n't keep doing treatment because she has no insurance , to top it off she is going to be released from the hospital in one week when the insurance ends for her and she wo n't have a place to go . ''
` ` and i have the answers to them but for now i have bought you enough time to get your things , do you have a place to stay for the night ? ''
` ` i have a place to stay for tonight but i do n't know what i am going to do tomorrow . ''
` ` i 'll be okay until then , but for now let 's go see the new place , hal already helped me set up a lot of the furniture we bought today . ''
how about we spend the day at my place taking turns yelling at each other ?
if you are lucky , you will find a lover wise enough to remind you to come back to earth , back to places like viennamo where your grandfather sits in anticipation of your visit .
hence , once the holidays began , as was customary , i was off to my cousins place in dehradun to make the vacation feel like a vacation !
since then , tanya started staying at our place a lot more than usual .
i told everyone that i was off to meet my friend at maggi point and later he will be taking me to his place .
what fun it would be saying , ` ` hey mom , hey dad let 's go for a night out at your grandkids place . ''
she has moved out of her place to a completely new place when you were in the fucking hospital and she was the fucking reason for you to be in that condition !
she has moved out of her place to a completely new place when you were in the fucking hospital and she was the fucking reason for you to be in that condition !
after the boarding pass check , i boarded the flight and waited for it to take me to a place far away from her .
second , green 's not really my color so no , i was n't ogling your place . ''
they have a much nicer place than ours .
he sets out various cans of stuff around a small towel he must have brought from his place .
that place was so special and i selfishly wanted to keep it just alec and my place .
the thought of searching for some other place to stay exhausted me .
it did all that damage on the west side by your place , solis , then stopped down from our house and just left .
with our business finished , sasuke and i headed off , sauntering toward the taxi stand , and not long after , we climbed into a taxi and sasuke insisted we take a detour to my place first .
why d you think i was always round at your place , eh ?
well , i guess the woman does have every right to be proud of living in this place .
i ca nt understand how you would ever want to leave this place .
pemdas was her home now , and wherever levi was , there was no other place she would rather be .
with each death the feel of our families changed and this place became less of a home .
when you ve been kicked from foster home to foster home with creatures trying to kill you for reasons unknown to you things like this do nt really surprise , besides i m just happy i have family and a place to live now .
that s awesome , i love this place can we just live here and forget about the outside world ?
he glanced back at the house , expecting his grandmother watching , glaring from the window , but the place looked quiet and peaceful .
she hated the thought of being outside of her own home , to leave this place so suddenly , but even the obnoxiously slow train would be quicker than getting the house fixed .
yeahreds the sort of guy who would keep something like that a secretuntil the place stunk of decaying flesh and vultures circled the house .
well catch up with you in a few minutes , johnny b , in front of your place , i said as we momentarily parted ways .
it appeared as if we would have the place to ourselvesa not unusual state of affairs on stifling summer afternoons like the one we were experiencing .
before making our ice cream run , we had stopped by his place .
its got to be tonight at my place .
they do nt want me hanging around your place anymore .
reds always been kind of weird when it comes to people he does nt know turning up at his place .
everything about this thing and the cops stopping by your place .
they wanted to know what you guys were doing at her place this morning .
i called johnny b when i got home from work and said i was going to drop by your place tonight .
without him , this place would be in shambles .
they come because they have to fight or they have no other place to go .
also , most of the books we had were burned after i accidentally exploded in our old place ( which was technically a motel room ) .
sure , i said , did you just want to come over to my place ?
even if tony and i were the only two who still made a habit of hanging around the old place anymore , i knew i would never forget learning to dance right before my high junior prom , or how at the end of the night we all got back and fell asleep on the couch watching horror movies until the next day ... memories of moments i always wished i could go back to .
his place is only a mile away , and if i run , it ll only take me fifteen minutes .
are you going to crash at my place tonight ?
ill call your father and stepmother , the word came out like it d been laced with acid , and ask their permission of course , but if you ll let me i d like to throw you a birthday party at my place .
we can hang at my place if you want .
i wo nt take you from the only place you ve ever known .
i d been collecting books on gardening and horticulture so that when we found a place to settle down , we could begin growing our own food .
we had no other choice other than to find another place to live .
glancing around the living room , i stared at the place with the large stain on the wood floors by the fireplace and remembered the year when mom had talked dad into getting a real tree for christmas instead of the artificial one we d used every year .
the odor inside the house reminded me of my grandparents ' place , slightly stuffy with a hint of mothballs thrown in .
i asked , aghast that this was the place my birth mother had called home .
i got ta get my own place , '' demetri replied exasperatedly , looking a great deal older than his mere thirteen years .
i slowly exit the chaffered limo by open door then nosily stomp fashion boots into a familiar castle finding a familiar room and a familiar odor , ya know , i personally hand and foot - cleaned this place in both the second and fifth time lines when i lived here .
the best i could borrow from the other guys who help keep marilyns place looking neat and tidy .
more i hear from you , more i wonder if ai nt been better if you and kooky miss monroe had been locked away some place together .
he switches off the engine , takes out the keys this your place ?
when you re used to living in the dumps i ve been shuffled around all my life , a place with walls that ai nt peeling gets ten out of ten far as i m concerned .
no going outside , not even if the place catches fire .
nukes going off all over the place .
now , later , it turns out , marilyn invites him round her place .
he moves me out of the apartment , sets me up in a new place .
for surely , any place where this youngling would be must also house its parents and siblings .
even the nastier kids that were mean to him had places to go .
shel has to drop off all her goodwill stuff at her place , but shell be up to share the pizza .
do you need to stop by your place before we head to the mall ?
do you want to come over to my place and watch a movie instead ?
we drove to my place .
let 's head back to my place .
i did joke with grace , with me practically sleeping at her place all the time ; a grollic could ve come but bolted when it got to my neighborhood .
he decided the next fish he saw he would ask about a place to stay .
i was traveling all around the ocean trying to find a place to stay and eat , but i was nt having any luck .
i was determined to find the perfect place to live .
i know he loves you all as much as i do and he made me promise to find a place for you all to grow up and be safe .
jack said that since it was leos day of leisure , he was scouring the countryside around stark manor for any place that they could be keeping george .
to them , he was a savior who had rescued them and provided them with a place to live , food , clothing , a name .
my mother could not marry richard , so unless jack or i married , we would be destitute , forced to sell the house , move some place smaller , and possibly remain phantoms so we could continue to receive our small stipend .
your newly acquired fortune and the fact that by marrying my ward you will be providing your sister with a place to reside .
i rolled away from him and drifted into my own deep slumber , dreaming about getting my own place and moving away from all the drama .
do nt you have some place to be ?
there were no pictures , no decorations ; nothing about this place felt like a home .
i see melanie on her cell phone as we approach the hostess stand , which is odd because there are still , like , 4,000 people waiting for a table and she s only been employee of the month at his place , like , 17 times so i figured shed be a more conscientious worker than that .
he nods before smirking , funny , you always seem to have enough time to hang out at my place .
i look around the place for emphasis , the unmade bed , the half - open bag of chips on the desk , the humming laptop with the second season of horror high all queued up and ready to go on hitflix and say , yeah , pretty much .
mandy , i correct him gently , looking around the place .
what the hell are you doing stalking around my place in the dark ?
she was really glad shed cleaned her place the day before .
i m more bugged about gage creeping around my place than about being here , she said , shaking her head .
addy prepared herself to explain why gage was at her place , but she did nt have to .
she still could nt get over seeing the place shed lived her entire life looking so aliveall shed ever known was ice and snow .
he ended up staying the night at my place .
even though they were both technically adults , it would ve been awkward explaining why he was at her place first thing in the morning to bernard .
like most evenings , addy ate dinner with kim and then went over to her place to hang out .
he said he was checking out the estate the night they met and he saw her go into her place .
he also told her he checked into a suite at the resort since he needed a place to stay while he waited for his condition to clear up .
hell , i doubt i even could , between the guy who watches your place and wait , what guy ?
i grabbed themtheyre back at my place .
last night outside of your place , he said , resting his head on his palm , i did nt mean to and this is what i ve been dealing with since i was seven , matt said from behind them .
i m going back up to my place anywayits way too dark to read out here .
kim was nt happy about it , but addy trailed behind him and they got back in the car to follow him to his place .
you just got here and you ve already sent the place into chaos ?
ill just walk you to your place .
he was at my place all night .
i ve got ta go to my place to change .
once inside her place , addy excused herself to shower .
addy opened all of the windows in the place , and soon the stuffy air from her being gone for the past two weeks was replaced with the sweet smell of the flowers blooming in the garden .
she cleaned the place from top to bottom , not missing one speck of dust .
tomorrow morning ill be over at your place for breakfasttell oliver i want raisin toast .
you could always go stay with ina jane at georges place for a while .
how about you come over to my place for a bit ?
he s coming to my place later tonight .
we can get some hot dogs on the way back to my place .
what about findin some more work and a place to sleep ?
sorry the place is such a mess , he said as she trailed behind him .
noah and i got to the point where we could afford our own place back then , and we settled down out here in oregon .
said that he had a little place in northern california , and was running a little model train store .
between the two of us , we can probably settle down and get our own place .
cindi had several tables and couches set up and people frequently came and read entire books and left them all over the place .
i wanted to tear her ass up for not even thinking about owen and how uncomfortable that would make him not to mention left him without a place to sleep .
the place needs to be cleaned and prepped for lunch .
from the outside , our home could have been any of the brick houses that lined the street , but inside it was the most unique and mysterious place i knew .
my place is only a block away .
( she stored them at our place . )
would you be okay if just you and faye checked his place out ?
she told me about relatives of yours in france , who offered to give you a home and a place to stay for as long as you wish .
after quinn had returned to the pub to give our excuses to my mother and her weird attendant , he drove me back to the place i still called home .
you should come here in the winter when the mice move in for a warmer place to stay and a nice meal in the cafeteria .
only marie remained in the kitchen , and i stayed to help her tidy up the place .
considering the nice time i d had with him the previous night , i supposed i could survive a few more days in this place .
maybe , just for a little while , i could enjoy the pleasantries of having a nice place to stay put without worrying about what tomorrow would bring .
a good deal of it might have been miserable , but shed tried to make up for it by bringing me to maries wonderful place with people around who seemed to love me for no other reason than that i was part of their family .
until he could return to his sunshiny place with no thought of me , or how much he d hurt me the day he left .
they were now talking about life in mexico - how mila had to take her classes online , how quiet life was here , the many repairs the place needed .
if you want to , you can spend the night at my place , since my parents will be out of town .
despite this we tried to ensure everyone in the city had a place to live .
in return they did nt receive a salary but were guaranteed a place to live , heating , electricity , clothes , and food for their family and a rail pass for their daily commute .
i d have thought you would have checked wills place , she pretty much lives there .
forty - six as grace rode her motorbike towards the town of smyth west she tried to think of places emmie would go .
you d have to be very desperate to return to this place .
i watched every bit of footage from when he tainted this place .
well , the boys and girls varsity team is coming over to my place on friday .
tara was at his place , too .
meet back at my place !
everyone had a place to be , it seemed .
our conversations never surpassed a few sentences , both of our body language suggesting we had other places we d rather be .
the walls are blue with baseballs and footballs taped all over the place , the floor is messy with toy trucks and action figures , random sporting equipment were all too young to use takes claim in various corners .
i m not going to make you feel horrible about leaving this place when that is all any of us wants to do .
but he s still planning , still saving money like a bank just to take me some place special because , as he says , i deserve the best .
like the commons , i have the place to myself , only saffi is waiting for me .
all i could do was stare at the place that was going to be my new home .
you re not the only one with places to be .
sara , why do nt you stay at our place tonight ?
this was also the ideal place to hide the troll bile because it was too dangerous to keep it at my place .
i asked , noticing for the first time that we were nt headed to my place .
parting the curtains , i looked down at the dark waterfront and wondered if nikolas or chris was out there right now , standing guard over my place .
i could find us a place out in the country somewhere , maybe up in the mountains .
before long , we reached the restaurant and scurried like mice across the parking lot to the street where we set out for my place at a run .
the folks are going to miami tomorrow , so i ve got the place to myself all weekend .
i did nt need to look behind us to know he was right on our tail for the short drive to my place .
part of me wanted to take one last look around , to drink in the picture of the place i had called home for most of my life , but a bigger part did not want to accept that this was the last time i might ever see it .
i remembered his teasing laughter that night at my place and the look in his eyes whenever he was furious with me .
was he at my place now , trying to figure out where i was ?
no one who truly belonged to faerie could ever call another place home .
i d done most of the shopping so the place would be livable , or shed have a sleeping bag on her bed and her clothes in suitcases since she would nt have any hangers for the closet .
she brings home every stray in the world , and then she visits them when she finds places for them to live .
jen , i need a place to go .
you ll be living in a tent until i can find you a permanent place to live , he stopped them at one of the many roadside vendors and traded a strange coin for an even stranger food .
back at their old apartment , he had decorated the place with full boxes of girl scout cookies and dragon ornaments .
in the cities , fixing up a few things at my new place .
ill probably stop by your place tomorrow night .
i - i had meant to tell you , i was going to find him a place of his own .
i like the thought of having my own place .
as much as i hated what was going on back home , i knew my brother would be safe and taken care of at teals place .
no , they did not come around to her place , i replied .
since he was raised in a foster home , when he turned eighteen , they set him up with his own place .
i figure i m going to have to get a place so that nolan has a proper home .
we could keep her at my place until we rescue tyler .
instead jasons house was a small place on the outskirts of town , not really nice but not dumpy either .
i m going to take her home with me , she can stay at my place tonight .
once i got back to sydney i could pick up where i left off , but its hard to be in a place where there s absolutely no - one who likes you and no one you like .
they ve got the stables , and of course they do those rides , but she s constantly getting people ringing and emailing to ask if they can let their horses live at her place , you knowagistmentbut they do nt have the space .
do nt forget , i can see this paddock from my place .
she was always over at our place .
i d put up with it for a while but ultimately , i thought , i was headed back to the place i belonged .
i can be at your place in ten minutes .
this is just the kind of place i want to live in , don countered .
you left the place as clean as you found it ?
the hours in front of the telly were draining her and making her feel even more miserable , but she knew , she had no other place to go .
i bet its not as good as my place .
the whole place smelled like new computer .
like a bunch of adults got together and said , ' what 's the worst place a person could ever live ? '
cetra grabbed his arm and reassured him , do not worry , they do not know how to find your place like i do .
since i ve lived here , even though it seems like the last place anyone would want to live , i have had great prosperity .
apparently , mrs . underwood had some place better to be .
this place was like her second home .
a place she was able to move on from after being just parker kim , the girl who lost all her friends and gained something .
besides what were you even doing at his place ?
this is the first place i ve lived since i ve been able to drink legally .
baatmaanyou got ta hep methis old low life done throwed me outta my place and i ca nt get my stuff and i ai nt got nowhere to go .
see , when were free , and you get better , well find a new place to live .
it was tiny and kinda worn out looking already for a new place , and it reeked of smoke and spilled beer just my kind of place .
and so to have to tell my parents that not only did i not have a job or a place to live anymore , but that i d fallen even farther down in society from derelict to official enemy of the people well , i just could nt .
no , but i might make it a habit when inviting you places .
first you show up at my job , and then you come to my quiet place in the hills .
daniel broke down into tears with the realisation that he d never be able to go back to the place where he grew up in .
the place where he d had his surprise birthday party only yesterday , the place where his parents no matter what the truth of the matter may be , he would always think of them as his real parents were killed .
okay , maybe the first thing he needed was a new place to stay .
he d find another place to stay where they did nt ask too many questions .
even in the bohemia of greenwich village the place was surprisingly clean and spacious it had a large bedroom , a kitchen area and small bathroom .
are you coming to my place later ?
come to my place tonight .
i will meet you at my place later tonight , okay ?
nicole asks me later that day as we walk out of the water with our surfboards , heading back to my place .
i just hope the rain would wait until nicole and i got back to my place , but i doubted it .
we could make a run for it back to my place , but by then we would be completely soaked .
i take my time walking back to my place .
i quickly apologise before getting up from the sand , and head back to my place .
at least if i was at his place i would nt be so bored .
once i drop kayla off at her place , i hurry home , walking as fast as i can .
he asks me if i want to come over to his place and get wasted .
i accept his invitation , telling him i will be over at his place soon .
i know i will have a lot more fun if i spend the evening at his place rather than staying here .
we head back to my place , and make a bonfire on the beach just outside my house .
it was sometime last week , when nicole came over to my place to tell me she no longer wanted to see me .
i know you re going to be mad at me for sneaking out , but i just want you to know i m staying at seans place tonight .
my friends decide to meet me back at my place .
my heart was filled with joy at giving him new clothes , food , and a place to sleep .
he remembered the way they d swept through the house like twisters , like they owned the place .
she led him through the tiny house which seemed to have more hallways and corners than imaginable for such a small square place .
we also try to take a one - week vacation every summer , and always to a new place .
her dreams were full of fantastical beasts , soaring in the air , swooping down to pick her up and taking her beyond the mountains that she had known all of her life , to places shed never knew existed .
there was nt a single place there that she could call her own , mother was too present .
i think we can find a place for you that might be a better fit than st . joes .
his father , a famous director who lived on the east coast , had purchased the place for his kid so that he did nt have to live in the dorms or a frat house while he attended school .
are you planning on getting your own place sometime ?
she still had nt returned any of his phone calls so he figured he would stop by her place and see if she would talk to him in person .
do whatever you need to tidy the place up , mr . secretary , but please do nt bother me with the details .
it 's more about who you know and whether that lot like what you 're wearing ... johan stared across the room with a look on his face that reminded me of dog looking at a cat through a barbed wire fence ; he just knew he could n't do anything but accept the situation but he was sorely contemplating throwing a wobbler and trashing the place .
the outside door was open , i did buzz up to your apartment but there was no reply so i thought i d just try your door on the off chance that you may well be at home , said mr easterly he certainly did n't look like he was going to try and rip the place off .
it suddenly occurred to me that inside this place , wherever it was , i was nt injured .
it was funny that as soon as any real work needed doing , all of our guests suddenly had other places to be .
some of us have places to go !
she walked down the road , realizing it was really not her place .
victoria opened the door and everybody went inside and sat down the couch as if they own the place .
we need to transfer to the city to have a better place to stay .
its surreal that it was only last night that evvie and i reorganized my apartment in the transitions buildinga place that had the potential to feel like a home for us .
we do nt think the bots know any one residence from another here , but just to be safe , we want to avoid our place too .
i thought i was keeping my sister and me safe until i saw this place for myself , i say , though its a lousy excuse .
we go back to our place to stuff two towels into a backpack that my father wears .
merick decided that it would be better for me to come and stay at crewes house than for him to join us at my fathers place .
so much of his childhood had been spent on the turnagain , it felt more like home than any other place he d ever been .
i do nt know what i d do without this place , she said , looking around at the moonlit site of their meetings .
look , he held his hand out in front of him , i know this place is a wonderful home for you , but its time to leave .
we can swing by your place so you can get cleaned up , he said .
ill drop you off at your place so you can clean up and grab my notes so you can clean up and grab your notes , and then you can just shoot me a text when you re ready .
damn , papa did get this place for a steal .
so when i find a place next year , when i m legally an adult , i m gon na take him with me .
my only plan for the future is to get a place to live when i turn eighteen in a little over a year .
if i do nt find a place ill be living on the streets trying hard to scrape by , unless one of my friends make good on their promise to take me in , but even then their parents might not be so welcoming .
and i m not allowed to go to his place , but that s okay .
i ve been trying to convince her to move to her place in new york , but she s still umming and ahhing about it .
mr . wilson had tried to get them to colour up the place by sticking up pieces of art work a few years ago but none of the class was really into art .
before he could respond , the fire bird suddenly took flight as if it had some place urgent to be .
` ` have you a place to stay while you 're visiting ? ''
i did joke with grace , with me practically sleeping at her place all the time , a grollic could ve come but bolted when it got to my neighborhood .
ill catch a cab back to my place in a bit .
then ill head back to my place .
did you head back to her place ?
do you want me to pick you up at your place ?
four nights basically forty - eight hours of his time to try and get a place sorted .
in two days he d managed to secure a place to live and cover the first years rent without even making a dent in his buried treasure box .
not sure what you need a place for , but hey , if it keeps that smile on your lips , i m alright with it .
do you want to go to my place or yours ?
ill walk you back to your place .
except , i m going to study at my place .
most of him wanted to rush over to her place and a tiny part told him to remember what coty had said .
i have to see janus first thing friday night so why do nt i pop by your place as soon as were done with our meeting ?
kieran , where s your new place ?
ill take it back to my place .
how bout my place ?
i sent seth a text and offered to pick him , silly to drive two cars when i went right by his place .
there was a sad sense of neglect about the whole place , paint was peeling , gutters broken , weeds filling every space , and i could see that part of the right wing was badly damaged by rainwater and mould .
she said , you re still coming to my place tomorrow , right ?
she almost dove between lieutenant garcia and alejandro and announced , alejandro , your father said you could come to our place until he gets home .
now , as her trance faded and she noticed the sofa , the television , the video gamesshe wondered what she was doing here in this tiny place .
her stuff is all over the place .
` ` yeah , umm i did n't decorate the place , '' he says , motioning to the stuffed quail on the mantle .
there 's dirty clothes all over the place and a silver macbook on his bed .
and as soon as he turned eighteen , he moved out and got a place of his own .
i search for something , anything within reach , to use to pick the handcuffs , but the place looks like it has been vacuumed clean .
jamie and aline are searching for a place to move in to .
be it a simple 6 by 4 overlap shed , through to a huge double garage , they were all mysteriously masculine places .
it looked so lonely and strange in the middle of the everwild , where no one should even consider a place to dwell .
if i go up these stairs , i might as well announce that i accept this place , and every crazy thing i ve been told .
then i d behonored if you and your escorts would stay tonight at my place .
keep going and i suspect itsyouve been provided a place to stay for the night as well .
` ` you do n't think i 'd leave a friend in a new and strange place without a place to stay did you ? ''
they got married just before my father tried to off himself and had got a place together .
the whole place had an unkempt appearance that was studied in its interesting mess .
` ` i used to live here when i started the gym , but i started a family and had to get something bigger than this place .
` ` you do n't have a place of your own , right ?
you 're a member again , and you have a place to stay . ''
as a celebration for lea 's acceptance into the gym and her new apartment , they cooked and ate in lea 's place .
some of my family were generous enough to give me a place to stay , it was small , but i ca n't really complain .
did she found a place to stay ?
` ` well , you do lack a tv at your place . ''
` ` is more fun if i watch it with a friend , even more if it 's at their place , do n't you think ?
the next day , salena went to lea 's place and knocked on the door .
they were even kind enough to give me a place to stay . ''
` ` they sound like great people , especially after they gave you a place to stay . ''
besides , you know why i ca n't get in a relationship , i have to take care of this place , make sure the kids are alright , i ca n't go see her too many times . ''
since it was at julie 's place , she decided to dress with her usual cargo pants , a t - shirt , and a sleeveless vest with a hood .
` ` so , how is everything going at your place ?
` ` oh , then lets party at her place ! ''
after the party , they helped clean the place up , and the apartment was looking as if the party never happened , which lea was thankful for .
now it had decayed into the rundown type of place you would expect an errander to live .
when you retrieve the rest of the videocassettes , look for one at his place .
why do nt you pick it up at my place ?
or did you help yourself , as long as you d broken into my place ?
he tried to ignore the empty home to the right of jedzias , the place where he had once lived .
i have done nothing to you , annalise insisted , trying to reason with her before more destruction came upon this place .
i had just gotten a place near the ethereal underground and the thrill of living there was still pretty new .
the ground became dry and cracked ; their surroundings looked as if someone had once lived here thousands of years ago , but had since let the place become nothing more than piles of rubble .
i guess i should tell you how i get around all over the place if i do nt have a job .
maybe i would try to find another place to stay .
never really could find a place that felt like home .
i needed to find a place to stay in case i needed to spend the night and did nt find any werewolves .
i m staying with a buddy , since mom moved out of clays place .
i just need a place to stay for a few days to figure out what to do next .
so can i stay at your place for a day or two ?
he left the girls place , went up to see you , and you took him down to the basement and killed him !
he wondered how she could spend so much time at his place without her business suffering .
i have my own place now .
lets go back to my place .
you want to go to my place or something ?
you re fifteen , and you ve got your own place ?
aliah looked around at the place he had spent most of his childhood in .
i have found you a new place , clint .
its not ideal , but to be frank its the only place we ve got left .
but when i introduced her to dexter she changed , i think it was the first time i d brought someone from the new place home .
we had the place to ourselves .
angels of darkness the jones home was a place where angels of darkness were comfortable .
` ` ok huey , how about over dinner at your place sometime ? ''
of course , this place is really a duplex with a common living area in the middle .
we should have run then , but we were scared and di'n't have a place to go .
i need a safe place to live , where i 'll be protected from the hunter , where no one will ever know about me .
this place seems built just for you , he said .
sure , i ve thought that plenty of times , only to surprise mum or dad rollicking around the place just about naked with someone hardly older than me .
what s wrong with their own place ?
until i can find work and a place of my own to live .
miriam , come over to my place and swim , bryson said with a wink .
olivia , i appreciate your willingness to make sure mason has a place to feel at home .
my last conscious thought is that i never want to move from this place .
this had to be her place as the car in bits really gave it away .
` ` i have a place to rent but only need a roommate and you need a place to live . ''
` ` i have a place to rent but only need a roommate and you need a place to live . ''
stupid , i know , but i was so excited about having a place to stay that i did n't exactly think things through .
i 'd be ticked if my girl was renting a place with a guy too , but trust me when i say there is nothing going on between us .
` ` do you need a place to stay tonight ?
my mom will let you stay at my place , but well have to sneak the boys in .
well call her from my place .
as she left she said , ill tell my parents we have to stay up late to finish a school project , so i need to stay at your place .
on the drive back to my place , i began to have some serious doubts , well , more serious than the thousands i already had .
it was a small place , but tidy .
either way he d get a place to sleep tonight , so he walked in .
we have doctors here that will treat your injuries and well provide you with food , clean clothes and a place to sleep .
i- i do nt even have a place to live right now !
` ` have n't you and tommy been saving money for your own place ? ''
it starts off as a simple how you doing , then they start talking about getting kicked out of their place and eventually they 're asking you if they can stay for a few days .
well , if it comes down to it , and he has no other place to go , no one willing to help , we could possibly make arrangements at a rehabilitation center .
we are moving into our new place today .
a place far away from my reality , a place with no one to save from themselves .
seeing savannah like that is a little confronting for a moment until i see sam and tyson flying around the place licking the wounds of people everywhere , lying them all along the floor .
wondering why it was that in the entire dallas metro area he was nt able to find a place that suited him , he began to consider the more drastic idea of relocating .
if a person were to judge the cleanliness of the place , it would be best to not include the perimeter directly around the sofa , where ramirez sat watching re - runs of court television .
looking through the blinds in the cramped and dirty place that ramirez called home , greg noticed the sun beginning to set .
i scatter the food around my place , hearing four different musical styles inside our house , rock and roll , classical , country , and pop .
so does his suggestion to go back to his place because his parents are nt home .
the sad thing is , sitting here now , she still does nt get hot and bothered thinking about going to his place and being alone .
too late for them to have time to go back to his place now , unless she wants to break curfew .
carson , my older brother and his girlfriend , mindy , live about thirty minutes from campus , so we always stay at their place after the games .
the game will be getting out right when were headed to my place , peter explained , which means all the taxis will probably be full .
he had been anxious to leave and disgusted with the whole place until his father had shown up , which had been precisely what he had wanted .
your dad can create light particles , said brock , so if this place is made of dark matter , then that means photons here will behave essentially like antimatter !
* * * coles room looked like a hospital wing , decorated with wildflowers that mrs . jefferson had picked in an effort to make the place seem more cheerful , when she was nt acting as his nurse .
he d have to find a place to live there , though , and that cost money , too .
i guess fortifying does nt include making the place actually livable ?
this place is trashed , in case you have nt noticed .
sidney hung up not bothering to leave yet another voicemail and decided to see if he was at their place .
by our place , i thought he was sleepingi - i tried to wake him andandand his head fell off , she said covering her face with her hands as she continued to sob .
and why the hell not , there s nothing wrong with cinderella , he said as he lounged against her bed as if he owned the place .
our friend went missing from the club across from your place and the video footage does nt reach over here and we d just like to figure out who did it , nico explained politely .
when ryder entered larissas room he found her on the floor sleeping next to a piece of white paper that she had been drawing on and crayons and markers all over the place .
it would be better if we had another place .
she s stayin at your place tonight ?
technically well be sleeping in the loft over my barn but yeah , at my place .
plus , my mums nicked the leads to all my stuff , so there s nothing to do at my place .
it was a place she truly belonged .
he does nt understand roads and it ca nt be good for him to live in a place that s surrounded by one .
why pay when i ve got broadband at my place ?
at the door to the block she turned and for the first time realised what a beautiful place she had been living in .
our place is good .
they were from our place .
every time you move to a new place or he goes on a trip , are there weird things going on in the area ?
but as soon as i finish high school , ill get my own place .
they recently moved into their own place .
soon he was pulling up outside my place .
but i d like to teleport from your place , if you do nt mind .
ill stop by your place in the evening if your grandfather does nt mind .
why are you coming to my place ?
if we had a bigger place but you do , sykes interrupted me .
they ll stop by your place in an hour .
you should come to our place for dinner sometime .
* * * sykes and remy were playing cards at my place when i returned , though sykes must have gone home to shower and change .
listen , we have a spare bedroom at my place .
or we can stay at her place if she does nt want to move , remy offered .
it was either that or having them eat at my place .
when i move into my own place , i m going all out .
this place is just as much mine as it is his , braddle told himself .
i was glad to have a place that brought me some comfort again .
hey , nicky , my boy , i love what you ve done with the place .
she walked right into our house through the open door like she owned the place , and positioned herself between chase and cora .
i mean , since you moved here , because whenever i used to move to a new place i would have these horrible dreams .
haruki 's old place the one he had before he died was n't much different .
his place had always felt like him and later on like us .
you 're not going to invite me back to your place ?
she needed a place to stay , so i let her sleep in my dorm for a while .
not that i was sure my new place would either .
haruki 's old landlords had invited me over for dinner , if i did n't already have a place to go .
none of them could survive half a day in a place i had lived for sixteen years .
we were staying at her place and using it for base of operations .
the place we were staying was awesome .
i like the place they got .
they had found a place to belong , or made it .
at the very least , they would have to move haruki if not the entire place .
besides , these books need to find a new place to stay already .
i wanted at least one friend in this place ; admitting that i was practically a ticking time bomb seemed like the wrong way to make one .
do you want to go to my place ?
the bathroom was surprisingly modern , despite the old world appearance of the place .
so , when your parents get back , we will discuss finding our own place , jupiter broke the silence after scraping his bowl clean and giving a tentative glance back at a tupperware still half full of soup .
absolutely , my dad agreed , although you will probably do better to find a place with property .
he approached her , thinking she might have changed her mind and needed a place to stay , but she fought him instead .
ivy , if you ever need anything , i mean anything , money , a place to stay , a plane ticket , anything , you let me know .
i loved that this place felt like a home .
but he had spent four years after high school traveling the world and then another two years after that working in colorado just so he could afford to have a place to sleep , eat and snowboard as often as he wanted to .
if we did nt want anything other than a place to sleep for the night , they tended to trust us more .
we offered you a place to stay because we had one to give to you .
we thought about sticking around , making a haven of the place we d lived our whole lives , but when chris came over to stay with me .
when there was no answer , she realized that he would be in new york , probably at her grandparents ' place , or out looking for her .
when i stared blankly at her , she added in an exasperated tone , about coming to my uncles place ?
can we go back to my place ?
her father gave her a brief tour of the place , which consisted of an open plan lounge , dining room and kitchen , a bathroom , one double bedroom and , finally , what was to be her bedroom , which was small and boxlike .
it was simply a place where she and her mother had lived , a place to sleep when she was nt at boarding school - a place to exist .
it was simply a place where she and her mother had lived , a place to sleep when she was nt at boarding school - a place to exist .
her father was working late , as was his obligation every fortnight or so , so she had the place to herself .
this was nt her home - it was a place where she was living , where her father was obliged by law to keep her , but only for a time ; in a couple of years , as soon as she was sixteen , she would find somewhere else to go and would nt bother him any more .
with a shudder , felicity was reminded of her own drinking antics and pictured herself lying sprawled on the sofa in her father 's place , with her mouth wide open and her hair dishevelled and messy .
not just at her fathers flat , a place where she was living for the time being , but home , a place she belonged .
not just at her fathers flat , a place where she was living for the time being , but home , a place she belonged .
so , at my place , at 4 i am waiting for you .
i got off the bus and found myself in a neighborhood that was totally different from the place where i lived that is , on a long street of small private houses .
ok , lets go to my place , ill give you something dry to put on , joshua said and we walked slowly to his home .
i knew him , because that was the building where my girlfriend alberta lived , and i had paid several visits to her place until her father prohibited our meetings .
mr . actworth slowly shuffles his wheelchair from his kingly spot at the head of the oval table and gently gathers the dirty plates from each family member laying over the extended tiny tray that positions between his arm rests while cox copy - cats the same maneuver at the younglings table then they roll one - at - a - time into the darkness of the kitchen if i have guessed the hidden space since i ve never visited their residential place .
the house looks like a hurricane came in through the door and asked if we could let it trash the place .
i m going around to his place with some of the kids from the party .
james had been in the garden when shed received the prank call at marks place , so it did nt seem that it could be him personally .
then when we were at their place for lunch that day and crowley said to you , enjoy your stay , i thought it was kind of odd .
others come looking for a new place to live because their world is as screwed up as ours .
his urgency suggested that he had some place to be .
not the unemployment rate or the terrible condition of our air , but having no place to live is what drives the hearts of all beings on solicee .
this is mine and judes special place ; a place we can duck the rigors of our home lives and just be together .
from the condition of the place , it does n't seem like they ' ve been living this way for long .
the place reminded me of home so much that i was close to tears .
yeah , we could leave this place , isaac said finally .
for ten years she worked as the cleaner , learning everything it takes to run this place by observation .
it also passed through my mind that i had never asked him to take me to his place .
at our place , sara kicked the door closed behind her , locked eyes with me , and started the inquisition .
chapter 11 soon after he accompanied me back to my place , i ran to my room , buried my head in my pillow , and cried for hours .
the same day , i went to the small but well stocked artists store just around the corner from our place and bought canvases in every size , acrylic colors , and brushes .
all our friends started stopping by and staying at our place .
after lunch , it seemed the most natural thing for me to ask , would you like to have coffee at our place ?
once safely back at our place , i went straight to my room and collapsed on the bed .
it would be nice to have a place of my own to come home to .
i ca nt say i know our elders well enough to determine that , but i ve heard there are places where the elders let no allowances .
were heading back to my place .
never in all my years of living here and running this shop , has anyone broken into my place .
i have nt done anything to clean this place up yet .
we should get our own place .
as you can see , your place is a little wrecked .
i m kind of all over the place at the moment trying to make ends meet .
she wanted to put on some gloves and give this place a good cleaning .
he did nt want to face santino and the guys , but he had no place to go but back to them .
kurma had lost everyone ; her mind was all over the place .
outside there are more things like me running around , tearing the place up .
do you just wan na go back to my place ?
her place is just up the road from there .
yeah , we have a place here , courtney pauses , loving to expose her familys net worth , but we live in riverside .
i climb into the car and rush to get to courtneys place , finding an empty house .
once they had wished each other a good night , stefi returned to the place she now called home , even if only temporarily .
then you re welcome to stay at my place , if it pleases you .
anyway , sansonis interrupted , when were done here , i found us a place to stay .
i traveled across the world , got through customs , and found a place to stay temporarily until i was ready to move on .
what with everything else in his life that had been destroyed , he was glad to have one place that remained free of blood and death and smoke and fire .
she had no money , no place to go do nt interrupt , let me talk , danr continued .
i m hoping that if i get a good look at this place ill be able to get around without a map.i think ill need a map to find my way around .
must be nice for jenna to have another girl around the place .
every few hours , new children arrive at the church ; they are welcomed just like we were , and given jobs and a safe place to sleep .
when joe subsequently began to place his right foot in his right boot more coolly than any other guy , natalia asked , ` ` hey joe , when can you come visit me at my place ? ''
he d been staying at a bunch of different places lately , but his dad moved into a new apartment and he d promised me he d be staying there for a while .
the clothes laying all over the very well - kept house suggested shed had the place to herself for a bit .
my father rented a place on the shore , just outside of town near the mermaid point lighthouse .
well get the bookstore cleaned up and closed up for the night , and ill come by your place and check on you later tonight , okay ?
they could not argue with william , and the truth was , he could have the place cleaned up much faster without their help .
which is what i did last night when i was on my way home from your place ... quite literally ran into him .
when i got out of the hospital and finally saw the place , they d hung a banner over the front door .
spend time at yer friends place , hide if you hafta .
our place was larger , a two bedroom at the other end of the first floor .
she s over at our place so often , its like she s family anyway .
dad asked beth and dave to clean up while we went over to his place .
most college kids have the security of a family and a place to go home to .
maybe you would ve been better off at your folks place .
it took another three weeks furnish the place and get entirely moved in .
i feel lightheaded as we walk to his place .
why she spends so much time at his place .
hell find the way back to my place .
fortunately , her future self had already arranged a safe place for her to stay .
i thought this place would be more like a college dorm .
this place could use a good cleaning .
and without a place to sleep .
you have no place to stay ?
i remember feeling confused remember being baffled by the idea of living in one place for so long .
i had never called a place home for more than a season before i was always moving , as were those that shared the same life with me .
i tried to put as much weight into my words as i could , tried to imbue the idea of back with everything it meant for me : back to a place where i lived on the whims of a irrational world , subject to fortune and nothing else .
i was on my feet , stumbling backwards , the images of his body , the way my hands felt as i clawed open his chest , the blood so red and then black , the sounds he made as i beat him , the sounds his body made as i ripped it open to protect the bower , to keep this place safe i felt a pain in my legs , and my elbow , and then realized the room was at the wrong height .
he brought me to a place that i could call my home .
i thought we d agreed that i was staying at your place tonight , taylor ?
there s no way in hell that i m staying in this place any longer .
you can spend the night back at my place if you want to nomi .
esmeralda went back to her place with nomi while bahl bazaar went to the hospital to get his bruises checked .
she was thousands of miles away , safe in our little cul - de - sac of tudor place .
it felt as if it took us several hours to clean the place up .
this house , i shared this place with your granddaddy for a short time , before he had to leave metoo .
a good number of forevers , including myself , live mainly at a place on the coast , not far from here .
they d been evicted from their home and had no place to go .
we had no place to go , and when i was five charles took us in .
a few years back a friend , lucas , had invited ice to spend the weekend at his family 's summer place situated on the east side of the south shore .
his easy smile made me brave , which was a real achievement after being scared my whole life : scared of falling below number one , scared that oliver would dump me , scared that i would nt find a place to belong ever .
i d almost gone crazy the first few months i d been number one , worrying about losing my place .
have nt had time to clean the place up .
at the moment i m very homeless and in need of a place to stay .
i thought you had a place that place was nt a home .
everything within her tensed and strained , knowing that she was now setting foot within the place where shed been born .
she knew that damu was her true home , the place where she would live out the rest of her life , and she truly wanted to be here .
shed rented this apartment because it was the only place she could afford .
now sara had her own place , a small , web - design business , and twenty - seven dollars in her checking account that needed to last for a little more than a week .
could she have found a more dangerous place to live ?
tonight you ll stay at my place and rest .
ill tell him what happened when i get to his place .
my family moves around a lot and , sometimes , its better not to get too attached to any one place , you know ?
if i had a place , maybe i could start to heal , start to grow .
the way she spoke , sometimes , it was like she was from another world or another time , a place where families existed : aunts , uncles , and grandparents .
get my own place and not have to put up with him anymore .
he left some stuff at my place .
josie and jenny keep the rest of this place clean , and liz takes care of the gardens .
well , a real job would nt give us a free place to live every month , would it ?
caretakers came from time to time , keeping the place up , renovating , but they never stayed longthey did nt dare .
or , he said with a wink , we could just go to my place .
in the meantime , ill get you a pregnancy test , and ill drop by your place this afternoon .
the place that they call home is a mediterranean style 6,200 six bedroom and six and a half bathroom estate .
his suggestion was that they cut out the small talk and go back to his place for more sex .
afterwards we could get our own place to raise the baby wait a minute !
wait i do nt have a place to stay .
however , he still needed a job to pay for the car insurance each month not to mention a place to live .
she said that they were going to hang out at the mall but that could always turn into a quick lets run by my place type thing .
after dropping cami off at her place and arriving home , she noticed that the mailbox was open .
for my mom and i , that trailer was the place we d lived .
ill swing by at eight and get ready at your place .
ready or not chapter nineteen a quick glance around the inside of coyotes fishing cabin and i was pretty convinced that nobody in the history of romance had ever been , or ever would be , wooed in the place .
with a blush creeping up my cheeks , i changed the subject back to where exactly it was that renn stayed when he was nt out at coyotes place .
so now i m a few months short of that early graduation with no real place to go .
i need to meet my mom back at her place in town soon , he said standing up .
sorry this place is such a mess .
you know whatill think about lending you the place for the weekend but only the weekend if she s not gone by then she said leaving the rest unsaid .
chapter 8 the new place that accepted me was a group home with six other boys ; all around the same age or a few years older but tougher and they decided to make life rough on the new kids .
i was sure suzy was long dead and left me with no place to go .
they did nt believe me when i said i had no family , no place to live , no money .
chapter 16 tom let me loaf at his place , put no demands on me and his wife babied me as if i was her child .
i just want to give you a safe place to live for suzys sake and give cammy a kid to raise .
ill get a good education , a nice place to live wherever , a cushy job in finance and a fare - thee - well .
found me a place to live , a hide out .
near your folks place .
this place was paid for and i do nt pay for anything but power and food .
when i arrived home at sundownyes , i had broke up ways with alex moderately delayed in the afternoon at around two or three or somewhere close to those hoursi found the place still and hushed with kris curled up in an enormous brown sofa while reading a particular book that had the cover of a half - undressed man who was holding on to an exquisite and guiltless looking young woman .
inns sell food and rent out a place to sleep .
you just have to find a place to go to be alone and do your own thing .
he saved my life when he did nt even know me and his family gave me a place to stay when i needed it .
he went back to his place .
this place is as big as a house , aaron said , walking into the main living area .
i could think of nothing worse than going home alone to find the place empty .
as i stare into it , an overwhelming sense of detachment engulfs me and any feelings of warmth or comfort i may have felt towards this space , the only place i ve ever thought of as home , disappears .
i loved my grandfather , and his place , blakely .
she would have a place to stay while she looked over the town .
but i mean really we are disposable , if we get moved another foster kid will just fill up our place .
during the nine weeks they had been around , they had thrown a party at their lavish place every weekend .
go back to your place , madam , before the emperor decides to ask me to chase you all away , i said in my lowest voice to make it sound scarier .
i do nt know of a place safe enough for us to stay at , i said , telling my son the truth .
maybe mayo and i could find a place decent enough to live in .
do you mean to say that i know more about your place than you ?
it was the only place i could be with lamare on a friendlier term , and well i would do anything to hold onto it .
kinos , however , is wawang which is too far from the school that i hate it when he does nt show up in class because as his friend , i feel like its my responsibility to drop by at his place after school to tell him about what happened in class .
i have to see pyper and master andoni , tell them that my mother and i need a place to hide , make them understand our need , and perhaps convince them to take us in .
i do nt know yet ... my son kino he s helping me figure out a place to go to but , she laughed nervously and shook her head once more .
its just fever , it will be okay once we reach your place , i said although my chest went funny , beating slowly until coldness started to wrap around my heart .
it was a lovely sight : the sun was setting through the trees and all was quiet , except for the occasional person walking home from vai place .
the whole place had been wired to explode .
i bet this place was beautiful once she thought turning the handle of the door only to find it would not budge .
this place had been filled with such laughter and happiness once , he thought but it had been many years since he had walked these hallways ; many years since he had looked upon the painting and statues of his family ; many years since he had stepped inside the place he had called home and there was no happiness here any longer , it was as if the castles heart had long since ceased to beat , leaving only sadness and loss for the memories that were slowly slipping away with time and with it came the one thing he had been trying to ignore all along .
things would be calmer , and at least i 'd have a place to go next time she kicked me out of the housesomeplace sane .
then he asked me if i wanted to go back to his place .
you see , makayla had been living with tammy and her family because she had no other place to stay .
so now she 's telling more lies and putting her parent 's address down as the place where she 's living .
~~~ when i walked into homeroom on monday , all the kids were talking about what happened at alley 's place over the weekend , and people were giving their version of the story to the kids who were n't there .
and the way they looked at us with a sort of expectation , like they were waiting for something and hoping , it gave me the feeling their house was just a place they were staying and nothing more .
his cigarette smell really stinks up my whole place .
releasing a deep sigh , i turn back to the guys and ask them what they re doing at my place .
i can do anything to leave this place , to be set free , to no more be a pet .
it very well could be that if one removed an object , the whole place would implode .
i leave for two weeks and the whole place is gone to pot .
even though i had spent only just a couple of days in it , i felt so emotionally involved and drawn to it like it was one such exceptional place i had lived in all my entire life .
i wondered what kind of place it was that kris was going to have me move to .
he expects you to be at his place by ten .
his mind was racing , racing with his body across a vast lawn , he was n't sure where he was going but his instincts drove him forward towards a strange building , he realised it was the summerhouse at the mitchells place .
surely jols place was nt being burgled as well , this was too much of a coincidence .
too late now , i m here and if that was a warning against the demons creeping around the place then she had just evaded capture anyway and her gran , where did she come from ?
look if dallon 's back lets go to his place , alice spent the night there did n't he ?
no , i love him , i know i do , but enough to stay here in this place ?
tg and liset are going to move into their place .
we had heard about your place already , so this is his first stop .
we had moved to summerton just over seven months ago and it was the first place in years we had actually settled .
i thought we could stay at my place tonight , maybe hang out with some of my friends .
i have no idea what state this place will be in .
its not much to look at , but it has a different atmosphere than his place in summerton .
we met at school and just ended up sharing a place together .
no sign i decide to run in the direction to my place .
he talks about a girl named zarah all the time , so maybe he went to her place .
chapter 53 : bedside reading zarah 's mom talked with her dad and together they decided it was time to find a new place to live .
they begin to walk around the place , elizabeth looks terribly devastated , so does jay .
` ` then i should be the one in david 's place '' i lower my head , i do n't want to see her , i ca n't , i do n't want her pity eyes on me now , that wo n't change what happened , and many others have told me that it was an accident , but nevertheless , it was my fault .
` ` louise i would like you to meet tristan , he is my uncle 's son , we are just now going to find him a place to stay .
i am ready to call this place home , after all .
even if its a place to stay for a spell , he added with a serious nod , fully aware of how horrible charlotte and chloe could be .
i nervously interjected , maybe he does nt have to lock it because people know how crazy he is , and that nobody would ever dream of breaking into his place to mess with him !
he rose from his bed and glanced out the window but was too late to see what type of vehicle had sped past his place of residence .
thomas came over to her place to pick her up .
they both said their goodbyes to dana and headed back to his place .
as the limousine reached thomas place of residence , he assured thomas that he could join but also quit at any time for whatever reason .
before stephen took off his coat he busied himself about the place , fussing around as if it was his alone , switching on the electric fire , filling the kettle , putting on music ; the records he had were the ones we used to listen to when we first started going out together , soul music and the like , all the slow smoochy ones , the ones he might have said were evocative if the word had occurred to him .
my bedroom was small , even without stephen there it was cramped , pictures and prints pinned about the place made it seem smaller still and the walls appeared to bow inwards beneath the weight of the books on the shelves .
the house was a modern detached place with coach lamps to either side of the door , and these were now lit , which they had nt been before , so i assumed that there was someone home at last .
still , there s no way i d leave a place like this , i said .
the upholstery was soft , the room was comfortably furnished , and though it really was nt the sort of place where an artist should be able to flourish i found myself making it a goal , an ambition , a home which would be better than the one i was born into .
you ll still be welcome at our place , jack told me .
not a drop , i hurriedly said , not wanting her to see inside a place which must seem squalid enough from the outside .
the flat was small , compact , i had never known such a cosy place , as warm and welcoming as paula herself .
i think you ll be safer staying at my place tonight .
you ve just got to remember your place for a little while longer .
i had paused in each room in paulas flat , had seen the flat , not for the first time , as the place i would like to live and thought that some day i might return to such a place , to share it with paula or with a person very much like her .
i had paused in each room in paulas flat , had seen the flat , not for the first time , as the place i would like to live and thought that some day i might return to such a place , to share it with paula or with a person very much like her .
for the moment , though , i needed to be elsewhere , away , some place other than sleepers hill .
ceris flinging paint about the place as usual .
the students all need a place to work in , teacher explained .
* though everyone else was confused , and ceri was still flinging paint about the place in abstractly expressive bursts , mccready seemed to be making no effort at all to respond to barneys project .
keen that everyone should see the place as she did , she issued an open invitation for everyone to join her at a party that night ; it was being given by friends of hers , they would nt mind a few unexpected guests and she could put people up for the night , she had couches aplenty and a spare bed or two .
ediths house is a bit of a mess , she had only just moved in , but once she had greeted us and taken us on a brief tour i was able to see the potential of the place , appreciate the plans she had for it .
the sort of place we could one day end up with .
gerald only lived two streets away , midway between the grapes and virginias flat , in a place much like hers but rather more comfortable .
most important of all , though , she needed a place to stay for the night .
by mid - afternoon sleeping out began to seem the most likely option ; there had been no sudden windfall of money , coral was as eager as ever to get tone back to her place and no attractively wealthy young men -or women- had visited the bar , people who had a penthouse flat nearby and were eager to share their empty bed with her .
i like this place , already , kicking the metal objects from my boot toes then scraping the nice leather .
as a general rule , no person or family rarely moves off the planet or travels to another place to stay except for vacationing on the planets of ice or resort , visiting the market vendor shops and attending the sporting games on the planet of commerce in the unknown universe .
we have arrived at my place , nods , have a nice evening , rann !
yes , sir , sarah replied , my mother and i have just arrived from cambridge and we need a place to stay .
even in this place so devoid of love , the servants knew to leave those possessions alone .
she understood that the command was not a jestjin would have a place to sleep uninterrupted by the unfamiliar city he 'd been forced into .
today , the place seemed pure chaos .
i do nt need a job , but i cleaned up a bit and got a better place to live .
ill meet you at your place in 50 minutes , i said .
either way , i m pretty sure i was going to have to find my own place to live .
i was starting to get worried and wondered if i should drive by his place .
i m going to stay the night at her place .
how about you stay at my place with sedona tonight ?
ill stay at your place tonight .
i got the call as i was getting ready to go to your place .
let me take care of some stuff here , and then ill see you at your place , i said .
many items had been broken in the struggle , but i was amazed at how well put together the place looked when we were finished .
since you unwisely chose to ignore my advice to stay with me or mark , i felt i had no choice but to stake out your place and keep an eye on you .
at last , juna reached the mansion and entered to find the place in turmoil , messengers racing in and out of the doors as soldiers tried to figure out what to do next .
i want a home here , in this lovely neighborhood , a place where my son liam can grow up .
it had been a rough couple of months ever since he left coe kiki , trying to find a new place to call home .
i am hoping i did nt just get levi in trouble no , i asked levi why everyone is handling me with kid gloves and literally leaving me in the woods instead of taking me to the enclave where i can actually receive constant training and maybe even have my own place to stay .
then he turns to look at me you do have your own place to stay , for now it is right here .
i desperately wish i could take him away from the pain and isolation of this place .
for a moment i let everything that is weighing me down float away and i allow myself to revel in the magnificence of this place before i will begin to ready myself for tonight .
ryans in nice clothes and drove us here in a bmw , so he s a little too rich for this place , but if i was honest , i m about one step away from living in a trailer anyway .
there s a duffel bag of clothes in one corner , and a few pieces of art on the walls , but i can tell that this is nt a place where anybody normally lives .
your place is on the way to my dentist , and i ' ve got an appointment .
i hope your mom does n't mind if i wait at your place for a few minutes . ''
we were heading toward my house to get my stuff , before swinging over to his place for the sleepover .
wan na come to my place and make hot dog cookies ? ''
maybe he had already started at his new school in new york or maybe he was still moving into his new place .
the place was like a maze when someone entered my 10 - hectares mansion .
i wished i could find a place to stay , but with the cold weather , i might be able to freeze to death .
i had no place to return to .
two hours , after we finally cleaned the whole place , aunt camelia and her daughter had woken up from their beauty sleep .
hello , aunt , querlyn , we were just cleaning the place .
querlyns eyes surveyed the place like it was a cleaning inspection .
she should be grateful that we cleaned this place up !
even howie had never actually been to my place .
i used to love walking along the beaches by my grandparents place but it looks like there is nt the same kind of coast up here .
hi tom , we are somewhere in michigan , about a third of the way to your place .
i think we will be at your place in about four days .
it is the obvious thing to do now that the kids have grown ; i have worked hard to pay the god - awful mortgage on this place .
in a couple of weeks when we are settled into our new place i am hoping you will send juniper by airplane .
no mommy , i already looked into having her shipped out on a plane when we get to jeffs cousins place .
i want us both to be straight when we get to my uncles place so lets make sure that we smoke our last joint when we are camping in spokane .
that is six grand a month when all uncle dave needed was a decent place with cheap rent .
you should keep this place a secret .
are you taking me back to your place ?
cottage , home , castle , saloon ... thomas was n't sure what to call this place .
the room that had been covered in dust the night before , was as clean , if not cleaner than the rest of the place .
you ' ve been sitting in my room for days now , the place is starting to smell like you .
i was hoping to find a place to stay for the night .
judy beamed with excitement , why do n't you come and stay at my place ?
i had no place to live and was quickly starving to death .
telling me to kill little goblin kids or whatever just for a place to sleep ?
the place had clearly been very nice once , richly decorated and furnished , but was now falling to ruin around the dwarf .
i m in a car on the way to your place , i told her , looking away from holt because he had started to laugh and i did nt want to start as well .
anyway , my parents always wanted a summer place here , carley commented she lugged my suitcase up her front steps .
its an easy walk from our place to the caf .
how about we go back to your place ?
want to go to my place for a bit ?
bobbys older brother rick had found his own place , convincing their mother he was taking his medication every day .
if not , i can get some from my place .
look , i can stop by your place if you need any help .
all of my stuff , in short , was thrown around as if a hurricane had gone through this place .
in every inch of that place , i felt at home .
all they have to do is go to an apartment manager , bribe them with way more than the rent costs , and then , when they need it , they have a place to lay low before or after a job .
okay , okay ; i know its late , chrissy , but could you come over my place ?
lets get back to my place !
its a bit early for soccer practice so i thought hanging out at his place would be great .
could nt afford the rent on our old place anymore .
i hate the camping i have to do on each trip , but its nice to know i ve got some place to come back to .
but , since its a bit late to do coffee , how about i invite you over to my place and i 'll cook for you , we can hang out , watch a nice movie what do you say ?
i know what it means when a guy invites you over to his place .
ill shower at my place .
he is 7 years older than i am , has a small nice place of his own , a car , knows how to treat a lady , got a good job going and is currently pursuing his post graduate studies .
his place is expensively furnished but with litter scattered everywhere .
so they do nt always invite me places .
they can get her a new place to live .
we parted company and she , um , she got a new place to live .
perfect , can i meet you at your place ?
ok , lets drive back to my place so you can get your car then .
taylor was nt kidding when he said his parents had the place furnished .
since taylors parents furnished the place , i do nt feel right taking any of that stuff .
before i knew it , the car was empty and light again , and i had a new place to call my own .
it was a little intimidating to envision going back to ashland and being alone in my own place .
i was ready to return to my new place , school and work .
it feels good to be in my own place and not have anyone dictating what i can and ca nt do .
i could definitely live in a place like this forever .
so , should we take these boxes to your place ?
you wan na come eat dinner at my place ?
he came from korea and got a nice place like this to live in with his mom cooking for him .
whoever broke into my apartment tore the place apart , but my gift from dad was the only thing missing .
i swore oaktree would never feel like home and would just be a place to store my stuff while i was away at central .
my family has never stayed in one place for very long , but oaktree feels more like home than any other place we ve ever lived .
my family has never stayed in one place for very long , but oaktree feels more like home than any other place we ve ever lived .
an those greedy pigs had the nerve to try an charge me more , just cuz winter had already come and they knew i had no place else to go .
` ` your guys 's new place is absolutely amazing , '' jake said , disrupting carrie 's next thought .
he could nt imagine what it would be like to live in a place this small .
the trees grow on my place , too .
i got into some trouble this year ... my mom could nt trust me alone , so she found this place for me , he admitted , surprising himself and jim .
i have a place quite like it , only its not in my backyard .
they had three classes together and a club together , and she spent a lot of time at his place every few days out of the week to study .
there was a clothesline out back with a few shirts hanging off it , twisting in the light wind , the only sure sign i had that someone inhabited this place .
she drove us to her place and offered us dinner .
we had no place to leave her , no one to leave her with .
how long would i live in a place like this without going completely batty ?
do you want a place to crash tonight ?
a little rest at uncle 's place is what i need before i go home for the day .
to feel , because we ca n't feel the same way when we 're there , in that place with grams where i felt intense love and joy , but nothing physically .
i search around the place to take my mind off the cop 's massive search back in franklinville , peering past stacks of books and searching the open safe .
i murmured , glad he would nt have to change schools midyear if and when he moved to his grandfathers place .
we head to onyx major , maybe get a little place of our own until we hear necrosis is on his way .
we try to get our own place .
you looking for a place to stay ?
are you looking for a job as well as a place to stay ?
for now on , whenever you visit onyx major , you all have a place to to grain broke down and cried , thrusting her face into jins chest .
teller , jessica , and isaac found places to sit while leah and aidan helped jin and grain tidy the place up to grains liking .
you just want this place for you and grain .
i had to get my own place if i was going to stay in la .
i was stoked to have a place of my own , finally , though my mother did n't see it that way , since i 'd be leaving on tour again at some point - ` ` why waste the money ?
a single bed stood in one corner ; there were a table and two chairs ; a few personal possessions strewn around the place .
all she knew was that she lived close to estella and , despite having looked on the internet , there were so little details that she could n't fathom how the place would be .
the whole place was decaying , a lot like deaths house .
i immediately left and found my way here to a place where i could live with others who are deemed too strange for normal earth society .
i keep trying to get her a place of her own but she seems to think i need the company .
unfortunately , that new somewhere was always more inhospitable than the last place they d lived in .
a place where you can love and live like a real human being ?
this was a feeling my father felt comfortable in which was the love of us ; it was a safe place for him from the harsh realities of the world around us .
as i closed my eyes for sleep i had no idea what tomorrow would bring other than i would be moving to a place i have never been , i looked around at my room and enjoyed the peace of the final night in my home .
the happiness in this place weighs on me , suffocates my ability to breathe or think .
my payment was a place to live and food to eat and the praise and encouragement from the only parental figure i had .
the isle has built a special place in my heart , and i will be sad to leave this place .
the place looked nothing like when they d come to see melissa in icu .
if it works out , jordan has a place to stay , and you wo nt have to worry about those southern belles stealing him away from you .
why do you need a place to stay ?
she was just a lost drug addict with no place to turn , and no love to give .
social services ( dss ) had major reservations , but my sisters had money , a decent place to live , and they were blood .
the twins stashed their drugs at our place and that bitch was unpredictable .
when i finally got out of the halfway house , i had enough bank saved up to get my own place .
we walked out , locked the door , broke the keys in the locks , took the back stairs to the roof , crossed to the next roof , and then the next roof after that , stripped out of our gear , split up and met at my place exactly one hour later .
we were able to tell how many people were in the apartment at any given time , and we were able to make out the general layout of the place .
he enjoyed running back and forth , changing , acting , and mixing it up all over the place .
at five thirty , we snuck into poodles place , and in the privacy of his bedroom , we loaded the 32 to capacity .
arriving at my place , i walked up the stairs to the second floor , and entered my empty apartment .
so , i stole everything and brought it back to my place .
i ca n't say how i managed to get all the lab equipment back to my place , as quickly as i subdued - it was done .
i assertively proceeded to walk toward my place , revisiting the strange encounter in my mind .
walking home from work , it was n't long until i arrived at my place , where i decided to get on the internet and try to do a little more research on the venimas .
when finished , i put on some music ( local natives ) and picked up my place a bit and did some much - needed laundry .
i then drove back to my place and played some xbox 360 until comfort arrived from work .
then , i proceeded to drop rob off at the dorm , and headed back to our place .
shortly after we arrived at our place , i went to my apartment and she went to hers .
looking up from the street into comfort 's place , her apartment door had been open .
creeping ever - so - slowly up the stairs toward my apartment i made it to the second floor , and continued to walk down the hall toward my place .
arriving at the doorway , looking into her place , i saw her sitting on the sofa , listening to music through ear buds .
walking towards my car , i could n't help but wonder how far my place was from school , and thought how cool it was that i was able to travel that distance in little to no time at all .
after collecting my things , i looked to my place from my car and saw comfort inside cleaning .
rushing up the stairs , comfort was vacuuming my place while listening to music .
as i opened the door , i was greeted by an overwhelming scent of pine - sol , with my place much cleaner than i had left it .
retrieving my car keys from the kitchen counter , i locked up my place and walked with comfort downstairs to our awaiting chariot .
down the road , a few blocks from our place , waiting at a stoplight i saw something that demanded my attention .
i proceeded up the stairs to my place and flopped down in my bed , closing my eyes to take a brief rest .
excited as i drove towards my place , i was thankful it had been slow and glad to be finished for the day when i arrived home .
then i decided to head over to comfort 's place to see what her plans were for the day .
` ` well , would you like to come over to my place and hang out before you head to the slave mill ? ''
i then returned to my place and decided to clean up a bit in the meantime .
in the process i saw comfort headed to my place from across the hall .
i picked up the pace and arrived at my place .
arriving at my place , i pulled into my parking spot , and proceeded inside .
i scanned the room suspiciously ; unable to remember how i arrived at my place ?
i saw creatures inhabit the sky much like the one i had seen at my place on both sides .
i was still at my place .
i arrived at my place to find a note folded over and taped to my front door .
i invited a couple of friends over to your place last night .
i also moved out of my parent 's house and into my own place across town , where i was pretty comfortable .
one day , you might pay that tab , and i can retire to a place on mallorca .
i was nt going to wait for caridad to offer a place to stay .
each of his siblings had a different father , each one willing to buy his mother drinks and give her a place to stay .
most just provided a roof over my head and a place to eat .
he examined his surroundings and respected that washington had decorated the place nicely and kept it tidy .
the cable guy came by last saturday , and i do nt mind admitting he was lucky to get out of my place alive .
i thought about leaving her sad little apartment for good and getting my own place somewhere .
in the meantime i needed a place to crash .
your mother has agreed to take you back at her place , provided you get a job and pay for your room and board .
we could roll up diamond and cut behind the library to get back to my place .
the lawn was well cared for and the place seemed wholesome and warm .
listen , ill come up to your place and we can talk about it there .
the lawn was mostly crab grass and the paint on the front porch was peeling , but all in all it looked like a nice place .
11 we went to my place to split up the loot .
well spark one up at your place and do it tonight .
yeah well , they left me the house , so at least ill always have a place to stay .
do you think you could come by my place tomorrow night ?
16 kid karl was packing his kit into his mothers volkswagen when don and i got to his place .
here at my place . ''
he came through town , needed a place to stay .
20 charles leaned against the railing on the balcony of his new place .
` ` nice place you have here , '' charles said .
his brother had actually graduated and was already established in waltham when patrick had needed a place to stay .
we go back to your place and well , does nt he live there with you ?
and maybe it does have something to do with being cooped up together in that place but does that mean it is nt real ?
justine lives with her parents so we ca nt do it at her place .
i can spend some time with arlene at her place when , uh , the time comes .
i d like to go to my place , make a few arrangements ahead of time .
it was very rude of you to invite me here without cleaning your place first .
we also need a place to stay .
the room she was in was filled with antique furniture and smelled a mixture of pledge and some air freshener trying to mask the oldness of the place .
daniel liked that he would meet jacob , and him playing hockey was just a bonusmaybe he had be worried for nothing ill follow you to your place , ok , do you want me to stop and pick something up ?
caleb looked around the place and at selah mom , try that other person again , i m having trouble envisioning what you mean .
so do you want to leave soon to go to my place , i have to get some things ready for the party , put away the fine china and stuff , he held onto selah hand , while laughing at his lame joke .
first because their place was the closest building to the spot where it landed , them living right on the edge of alf calettis cane paddock .
another thing he told me was that , at whatever age he was ( somewhere in his seventies , i d guess ) he d arrived at a place where he owed no one , feared no one , believed no one and had mostly forgotten that he ever loved someone .
bess and i , we went over to your place looking for you both .
her place was too far , she said , and the hospital was too busy .
kev could let ned kelly have the run of the place if he wanted to !
the call frieda got at your place ?
a place to stay or whatever .
so if someone burned your place thinking they were destroying the last records .
marybeth might take a group over to amaltheas place , as well , to camp in the yard , because obviously someones got it in for her too ; doing for that poor goat and all !
but like i say , he d got a gun and some other stuff so i guessed he d been to his place .
asa told about marybeth and dorrie camping at amaltheas place and how they d tramped around the yard all night and peeped in at the doors and windows , checking , we thought , mostly on queenie .
the turkey farm , a place where he was no longer welcome .
the storm continued outside , and brief flashes of lightening brought a slow - motion strobe light to their bedroom , their place of conception .
five dollars to aa , a job , forty - five days sober , a place to stay , and a county picture i d .
keeping me sober , a place to stay .
i m not in his office anymore , james reminded himself , not crawling back to treatment because i have no other place to stay , and i sure as hell am not gon na beg my dad to move back into the farm .
besides , tom could do hours of work to get walt to the safe and sober environment , a place where even james white was able to stay sober , but walt would bail out the first day and cry his way back to his grade - school bedroom .
she should be okay for a while , and then ill find a place where we can move in together .
he tried to stamp his fingerprints onto the place by getting toothpaste and shampoo , and by putting some milk in the refrigerator .
` ` but have they ever been here to care for his place ?
i tried to convince him to move in town to a duplex i knew about , but he insisted on living out at his parents place , so he could walk over to the corinth in the evenings to check up on it .
his younger brothers had left and his father was talking about selling the old place and moving in town where living would be easier .
harold did his best to board and patch the place up , but his plywood fell off and the old roof leaked worse in each storm .
fortunately , alices family had money , and her job paid well so they could afford to have the place gradually fixed up .
marcus could think of a lot worse places to stay than peregoth , ancient founding city of the empirethough now her glory was faded like a flower in autumn , and the center of power had moved mainland , she still held a place in the hearts of men .
but for now , he and tivera had a place to stay and meager fare to eat ; and for that , he could not help but be thankful .
she had removed an onerous yoke from her neck , yes ; but the yoke had fed her and cleaned her , given a place to stay no .
anyone who has no place to go should be given shelter in public buildings .
our old place should be empty .
eventually , they began the clean up , careful to leave the place spotless for the new group that would be moving in .
with klavas help she took walks near their place , and she often stayed out with felix as he played in the snow .
he spent most of his time in the country , but demanded that klava went with him , as she cooked and tidied the place .
why do nt you two come to my place ?
do nt do anything , do nt call her or go to her place .
i m much happier in my own place .
i m quite a loner , you know , but i m so grateful that you have come to my humble place !
if i walked all the way from her place to the house where we used to live , it would have taken me half an hour , forty minutes at the most .
the apartment eugeny used when in moscow belonged to an acquaintance of eleonoras old friend , who stayed at her daughters place to give him enough privacy .
overwhelmed with anxiety , marinas father came over in his car and took galina back to his place , where the girl was confronted by both parents .
he would come to our place , crying , trembling all over when the quarrels between his parents became too violent .
today though , its only significance was of being the door to myreems place .
of course , i am giving her a class in biometrics at my place , you can come along if you like .
look , i ve got a place upstate , small , but with a little land , a wind mill for electricity , off the grid , and stocked with wood for an entire winter .
the car service will pick up us at my place tomorrow at five .
why do nt you just stay at my place ?
why do nt you come up to my place , well order a pizza pie , maybe two , better two , and you can sleep on the couch ?
after a short trip to atlanta to meet with harry scott i called her to let her know i was back in new york and she told me to go immediately to her place downtown and wait for her in the lobby .
i had nt been to her place in at least a month and when i got to her apartment she was curled up in her white armchair and crying .
if you need a place to stay you can always stay here ; this is my place , my husband never comes here .
if you need a place to stay you can always stay here ; this is my place , my husband never comes here .
you have a place there ?
i could nt contact marina although i had sent her an email from lolas place telling her i was all right and thinking of her .
as long as i can just have a place to stay , something to eat , the basics .
he assured me i would always have a place to stay in the super bunker he was preparing for the coming armageddon .
she drives back to the zimmermann property , back to the place she escaped from three years ago .
portland , oregon was a familial favorite , but anne was the only one to make it her place of residence .
i could n't believe it , they were just going to go off and leave me here with no place to live .
then it hit me , maybe i could put up my part in the farm as collateral to buy the house so i would have a place to live .
i needed a place to get clean and a place to cook a hot meal every now and then , but how i was going to do it .
so to have a place to live i have moved into the barn .
i would like to offer thanksgiving dinner to you and i have found you a place to live that is n't too far away .
and i could use a place to live .
i asked if i could walk around the place for a few minutes .
i knew it and i knew that all i was doing was making a place to survive .
he has a place to live because of the one good thing he did in his life .
despite the amount of time she spent thinking about whether to end things or not the breakup was still too raw to contemplate returning to family places and familiar friends .
but , to no avail , a yank with a camera and tripod suddenly appeared and wil tagged along with him , glad to have company as no other and relaxed until the yank started to glare at wil to suggest , what are you doing here , this is my place .
you have new people here who look after your place while you 're away , and if you 're ill , they ll make sure you re okay .
wil thought about taking it up with judy , a widow who lives in the park just down from his place .
reaching the veranda and wil was again offered a cup of tea ; soon he was settling back into an armchair and enjoying life for a few moments in a place where its owner and builder had converted the rubber plantation home and its surroundings over 50 years before his death , a property still being cared for unlike his brother , briefs garden which seems to be struggling .
putu his driver suggested coming to his place on the thursday because there s a ceremony and the people of his village dress up and take offerings to their village temple .
he did and walked to the sauna , sitting with them in the 39 to 41 c heat and taking in the aroma of eucalyptus leaves and herbal mix placed into the steam , sweat leaving the body , drinking plenty of bottled water and chatting about places visited or lived within .
and he has been most generous in providing me with a comfortable place to live , and i have beautiful clothes .
mr . william , if you make a list of some things you need for the night , ill have franklin run over to your place and pick them up .
i tell you what , go have franklin head over to my place , and ill call henry and have him fix a bag for me .
the economy was fueled by tourism and we opened a plant there , to give people a place to work .
he s given me a place to stay and money to sort myself out .
even otis has a place to go , poncey thought .
please , ill drop it off at your place later tonight .
well get little miss whiskey here in bed and then head to my place for a nightcap ?
well get ruthie home safe , stop by my place , drink cheap wine ; judah will dj and play whatever terrible band he s into this week .
remember the night at my place after the poker game ?
she was on a quest to find a safe place to live where she could make her own living by any means other than prostitution , and from where she could eventually make easy and safe contact with her family .
you can earn money performing and go home to your own place when you are done .
some preferred willing girls , selected from the many bikini - clad cocktail waitresses , to accompany them upstairs or back to their own place of lodging .
pavel turned the place upside - down looking first for khae , and then for michelle once he realized what must have happened .
amys worried that he s going to be very unhappy when his place gets raided , especially after all the protection money he s paid to everyone .
it was nt until amy was inside her apartment and headed upstairs that she realized that lhatu had never been to her place when she was not there .
usha was happy that the women in the convent had a place where they could live as they chose .
* * * * * * teddie was restless the day she returned to the dorm after staying at amys place .
mr . and mrs . dutta , who had been part of the team watching over teddie since january , and who had provided them a place to video - chat with olumiji back when he had been observing pavel months ago in manali , once again offered their home .
yeah , well its nice that ana needed a roommate so usha could have a place to live for the summer , teddie said .
well then , if i might suggest , dr . kendall , perhaps you could join me for a little get - together i m having at my place in celebration of finishing my thesis .
he s trying to find a place to call home , john smiled .
i want us to have a place of our own .
my money has always only been used to provide people jobs , home , or a safe place to go .
em , if i ever find a place to call home , ill bring him there .
i m looking for a place to call home .
i travel around the country and world trying to make things better , but i do nt have a place to call home .
yeah , when i have a place to call home , ill call you , she hung up .
if you ever find a place to call home , let me know and ill be there in a second .
i need a new place to live .
he used his old bedroom furniture from his mothers so that he could at least have a place to sleep .
i m in my new place .
if you understand that you have no place to live in this world at the end of this class , we will take you from this door to another room , the suicide room .
i have a place to stay .
then ill send her to be at your place for nine .
for once , she looks forward to going home , not as a place to crash and hide from the world but as a warm , safe haven , a haven that she can recreate as her own place .
for once , she looks forward to going home , not as a place to crash and hide from the world but as a warm , safe haven , a haven that she can recreate as her own place .
well , smokey to see because who else comes to her place other than grandmother ?
and i know that its been a hard holiday for you , with being alone on thanksgiving and unable to join your grandmother in serving the homeless with your fatigue issues and her not getting how hard that is on you or making an effort to sharing dinner with you at your place .
cliff bought a new house for his bride , and they settled comfortably into scar - borough life , spending weekends up at the cottage near his fathers place in bobcaygeon , cliff paying for everything in cash , as usual , and judy looking after their growing brood : cyndy , julie , and miriam .
her dream was too mundane for those gifts , and he would call her to travel to unfamiliar places , places so dark , frightening , and unexpected that she would have no choice but to trust in his faithfulness to her .
fran suggests that she make lunch for judys girls at her place .
oh , by the way , did you sweep this place for bugs ?
i m still concerned about what happened at the hotel in jordan , not to mention the bugs planted in our place back home .
next time , we arrange our own hotel and do nt depend on a driver to find us a place to stay .
let me guess : everything in your place has been turned upside down or has gone missing ?
needed to get wine to bring over phils place .
ill bet you twenty bucks we end up at your place .
i teased him further while he drove to his place , making him crazy .
from the kitchen , leyna walked slowly through the living area and down the hall , inspecting the place .
why would they flood their own place , nadine said .
besides , there s no furniture in my place .
i thought she might have been at your place .
said you had been in his place asking about woods .
our place in paris is a simple apartment and so this is a big step up for us .
i looked out of the window at the blue rooftops of waverley , wondering what it must be like to live in a place where your only concern was which colour carpet to lay in the loft .
when you come in every morning you get an idea of what the place should look like .
well their brian has a place down in narberth , but i do nt know that there s anywhere else .
the last thing i remember , she said , is getting into the car at my place .
when i saw her with you that night , at her place , i thought she might be blabbing .
millie drove back to her place , left shamus in her car and went inside .
millie shrugged , the place was left filthy and when i was cleaning it up i just assumed you had your own furniture coming .
ok , i need a place to sleep so where can i buy a bed ?
millie suggested mitch just unload the bags he needed and leave the rest in her car and she would leave it at her place for the time being .
you are going to stay at my place , no argument .
mitch now has a place to live .
the new windows had false shutters between them that gave the place a period look .
mitch smiled , leaned over and whispered , if you want to know the confidential scoop you will have to invite us over to your place so we can bring you and doc up to speed .
as millie drove up she realized how much better the cottage looked with the new roof and as the side facing her had been painted she got an idea of just how good the place was going to look and the shutters were nt on yet .
she knew from the smoke that it was her place before she got there .
doris made her final comment , this place is like something out of better homes and gardens magazine .
now do nt get me wrong , our cape cod next door is a really nice house , but not anything like this place .
how about we go to my place and wash your clothes and go shopping tomorrow afternoon .
this place is even bigger than it looks coming up the drive .
he came to my place drunk and i refused to let him in .
they were in mountain view anyway so millie went to dons place .
terry looked stunned , this is your place ?
millie offered , why do nt you sleep at my place , i ve got one unoccupied guest bedroom .
millie was in a good mood and when supper time came she said , seeing as we are still paying the troopers to cover our nine eleven calls , what say you all we pick up some meat and go grill at my place .
i know how to get to your place .
the guy needs the money to keep the bank from foreclosing on his place .
thanks brother but i wo nt be staying at your place with mitch there .
our place just needs new windows .
butch added , i hope its alright , i told the guys with the office trailer to put it at least a hundred feet toward the water and near the hedge separating your place from docs so we could get around the site .
tomorrow come with your fishing gear to my place at six .
i m thinking of selling half my property to buy a new boat and make the place fancy for the guiding .
the bad news is that s where i m building my new place so we wo nt be neighbors .
they are working over at my place to replace the windows .
we d like to build a patio like you had out back of our place but we are so close to the water we would have no back yard unless we have this property .
when we were talking about dan being evicted we were just joking but it occurred to me that eventually that dan would have to find another place to live .
we think the church needs a home for the pastor worse than a couple like us needs a bigger place .
millie looked around and thought the occupants of the house must have thought there was an army outside when the place was brought under concentrated gunfire .
before she kicked the engine , aunt melanie asked alex if there was any place she needed to be while they were still in suburnia .
either that , or the people that roamed the streets late at nights simply had no other place to go .
you have no place to go .
hopefully she would find sally before then and the two of them could find a place to stay for the night before heading back home .
sounds like maybe he has seen her , or at least she s been at his place .
he had purchased the business from his great uncle pete a year ago and liked the idea of owning his own place .
outside chameleons place .
she would nt let him stay with her to protect her , but good old lane gets to stay all night at her place in the truck .
when i had my own place , i could close the shades .
` ` i would need to go by my place and pack , i said calmly , looking into her eyes .
` ` i hope this is the place he 's staying . ''
throwing my bag on the bed , i noticed the place was the worse for wear .
the place was so cozy and the apartment downstairs was perfect for grandma and grandpa , with gorgeous southwestern motifs in the ceramic tile that covered the floor .
it was so hard to say goodbye to the place that had become home !
brook felt she could relate to the homeless ; even though , in truth , she had a place to go , a home , a life .
this had always been clarks home , the place they had gone to get away from the memories of their lost baby , the place where they would supposedly heal their grief and reconnect to each other .
bill and paul had taken me in like good samaritans and given me a place to sleep .
she had to stay here , and as far as i was concerned this was my place .
it took a few days going back and forth to clear their place out of everything useful .
after all , i had decided not to burn down bill 's place .
ill leave the place as tidy as i can , she promised .
fittleworth is only a short way down the road from here , and we shall pass it on our way to dads place .
if i take these guys back to your place or you even meet me anywhere it will be shooting gallery for sure .
i told her we would hang out at her place tonight .
ill pick you up at your place around ten .
you were there when we searched his place , remember ?
did we find anything at his place ?
my place is one of those where the entrance sits at ground level but everything else is upstairs .
it comes as no surprise to me that my place has been ransacked .
i m not a neat freak but i try my best to keep the place tidy .
when we swing by my place to get my car tomorrow , i say , can i go up to get a few things ?
why would the cops search my place ?
its not a place in which i would settle down and start a family .
a quick peck to daniels cheek , a thanks to louise ill pick him up from your place later and she headed off .
you can stay over at my place .
we could go back to my place .
i was still trying to get my head around the idea that this place was mine now : just over one square mile of granite and outbuildings , history and heartache .
a massive set of double doors stood at the end of the hallway , leading into a suite that had once belonged to my family ; the place where my mother and father lived during their brief stint as blissful marrieds .
i opened the bedroom doors on the second floor in an effort to start airing the place outwhich thrilled einstein , who took advantage of the opportunity to explore a whole mausoleums worth of new nooks and crannies .
you re welcome to stay at my place as long as you re in town , though .
banff , alberta eldon and cedric rise early the next day to drive to banff , few hours away from cedric 's place .
i never saw any cat in your place bobby , christine inquires .
we are heading back to my place to try to piece some of the puzzles together , jacinto says .
jacinto 's place jacinto narrates the tale of angelino 's arrest at his place and the charges against him .
i can see the prosecutor claiming he logged out of the game at 5 am , and he arrived at the victim 's place and killed him .
he slips out to meet her and he thinks it would be a good break from campaigning to sleep at her place .
she is very friendly and perfectly fine when he left her place .
they obtain dna samples from the condom left at her place .
to be safe he thinks he should get out of his place and stay off the node right now .
anyway , i am heading out to a party at my friend 's place , cole says and heads out the door .
gracy sighs and shakes her head then punches a command on the windshield display to drive the car back to george 's place .
janine have reproduced the hard copy of felicity 's research left at her place the night of her dead .
you 'll need to go to his place and he 'll need his work done fast . ''
general burton had gone to play golf as he usually did in the afternoons so i had the place to myself .
` ` are you free in the morning to go over to his place ? ''
` ` melissa dropped me off at my place and i crashed on the sofa and watched tv . ''
there was no way he could possibly have afforded such a place as this on his captains salary or his pension , even though he d socked away a substantial sum whilst overseas , what with all the various allowances .
we ve never been to his place .
i have a housekeeper to look after the place for me , she and her husband live in the lodge house down by the main gate , works out really well for everyone as i m out of the country quite often .
` ` so ummwere you going to my place ? ''
haley , we 're at my dad 's place . ''
` ` we 're at your fucking dad 's place ? ''
i ran away from home , chad , i just need a place to stay , chad .
kurt ran away and needed a place to crash .
i could nt commute from here to the new place .
you manage to rent a place at the moment , do nt you ?
barbara dashed into the house as nick turned the car and had a careful look round to make sure the place was nt being watched .
i have nt even moved my stuff out of the place yet , although there s little enough of it there .
in that case , ill slip back to your place and swap my bike for one with all the despatch riders kit .
i ve rung for an ambulance , so ill head straight back to your place with the camera .
and i ve got a small boat at my place near portsmouth i could teach him to sail , and even go fishing off the beach , and catch crabs in the rock pools , and hang on , nick !
lets get a bottle of bubbly on the way back to your place , and have a look at donalds drawing .
the place was empty , looked exactly like the apartment of a young , fashionable single woman and had the unaired feel you d expect in a place where no one was currently living .
the place was empty , looked exactly like the apartment of a young , fashionable single woman and had the unaired feel you d expect in a place where no one was currently living .
wow , said joey , in awe of what they had done to this place .
it was a neat place to live , for most people .
steve did what was asked and within a few minutes was driving his jeep wrangler to ryland 's place .
i should never have come to your place that day .
` ` and when you come out of hospital you can stay at my place .
i parked at your place and walked across the farm .
once there , we can head to the neighbour 's place . ''
she told me that she would come to my place shortly , and that she had to go home and , as she said , upload to her laptop .
i was thinking if he and i brought all our stuff around over new years , this place would look worse than a hollywood world war ii movie set !
preston also lived rural and the streets around his place were probably the same as around his house , if they were going through the same situation .
i suggest the first thing you do is find out what works and what does nt work at your place , preston .
david wants to go back to his place and see what s up , joe said to preston .
we were offered a place to stay since were friends of the general and all that .
visit that nuclear power station in newel , or new hill , i think its called , just down the road from prestons place .
she was intensely proud of her place and a little overwhelmed that it was her own .
the place was bare except for a television in the living room that immediately greeted him and a small recliner .
we can go to his place .
i was a bit jealous of the stability of living in the same place for so long .
she slept at my place last night and um , er , left early this morning .
i came to check out your place for any clues .
what are you doing sneaking around my place ?
the place seemed emptyno muted lights through the window , no clinking of teacups from the backyardnothing that i could hear or see .
not at our place , not home with parents .
now , heres how you get to my place .
their plan was to see rick in the morning and spend time with him at his place , surroundings familiar to ricci .
could you spend the night at my place ?
looks like we ve got a place to stay tonight .
how about if you come to my place for afternoon tea tomorrow ?
almas place was furnished in a style which could be described only as eclectic , but the atmosphere was warm and welcoming .
at least two people saw us going into your place with the fellow the other night .
but come to my place tonight .
the place had been tidied up .
i slept well that night , and all the subsequent nights of my stay in that place .
at one and the same time i experienced a sense of homecoming and the strangeness of arrival in a place unknown .
wonder why he came home instead of going straight to his parents place ?
i will take it back to your place some other time .
he really should have let her know he was coming so she could have met him , but he would find their place somehow .
it ll only get more expensive and unless we win lotto buying a place will always require a mortgage but shit its a long time and a lot of money and much of what the bank did nt give them will also be repaid but to their parents .
while driving toward my father 's place , my rear view mirror allowed me the occasional glimpse of a familiar vehicle and its driver , norton , his companions nowhere to be seen .
when i was old enough to grow curious about such things , i researched the past of this place , to find out what had gone on in our house after we were forced to abandon it .
if this place was mine , i might be led to kill anyone who might have loose lips and reveal my big secret .
michael may have been freaked out but on the way to chriss place he still started to ask questions that i dare nt answer but which i could nt just leave .
i could never get used to this place , you know , he sighed quietly , i guess no - one could , though , that s the point .
are you coming back to my place to get a bite to eat , or would you rather spend the rest of the night here , in the middle of the road ?
nicks stomach churned at the thought and he said a quick , silent goodbye to the place that had afforded him sanctuary , however fraught , for the best part of ten years .
the place looked untidy , but not destroyed enough to suggest a struggle .
shuffled papers and the abandoned power cable to a laptop computer suggested someone had left the place in a hurry .
she lives in ottawa , a couple of blocks away from coulter 's place .
` ` do you often bring strange girls back to your place ? ''
dennis 's father found me , got the boy to bring me back to my place .
the first week i was here , i barely slept cos gloria screamed the place down .
i wondered if we 'd be sharing a cab that night , and if we 'd go to my place or hers .
i was smoking and looking for rachel who i had planned to take home with me in a cab or maybe go back to her place , and do some things , some of which involved contact .
finding someone with whom you can do those things even if it 's cold and you 're hung over and disapproving and you can still go back to his place or my place and fuck shyly .
finding someone with whom you can do those things even if it 's cold and you 're hung over and disapproving and you can still go back to his place or my place and fuck shyly .
` ` ms barbie over there , if she asked you to go back to her place , to have a bit of ' fun ' you could n't say no ? ''
a team of five agents were stationed around alanas home as she and shelly cleaned the place up .
the view came straight from the fancy brochure for rubicon ranchkourtneyshowed him and declared , without asking , that this would be their new home.a place to rediscover .
or like a woman with no place to go .
she felt a blush creeping up her face and wished she were any place but here .
the place was pretty , she thought , aside from the house - thing .
i could have him buy us some beer and we could drink it at the park , or in the car , or at my place .
we can go to my place or ill go to your place , but there will be no sex .
we can go to my place or ill go to your place , but there will be no sex .
by the looks of things , i ransacked the place and then had a little fun with an axe .
they probably would nt have nt cared if some whacko broke in and trashed our place without stealing anything major or killing anyone .
you think a guy would be more likely to have a spare key to our place than a chick ?
he was nt about to tell her that some psychopath broke in the other night and trashed the place with an axe .
would you mind if i come over to your place ?
could nt wait till we got back to your place after all , huh ?
she says to take her to my place .
i d have went to your place if i knew where you lived .
shed have to wait three days for it , but that was fine , amber insisted she stay at her place for the time being .
ok all ready , want to go to your place , says tony out of breath .
looking for a place to stay ?
a place where you could take your family and not have to worry about them , a place where you could leave your doors unlocked .
he s recovering down at his place in everett .
how are you going to watch his place when you re supposed to be working ?
you re wrecking this place .
i found a pimply faced kid with a camcorder sneaking around the place .
he knows what he s doing , and he s keeping this place as safe as can reasonably be expected .
her place was a colonial two - story house , painted light blue with white trim .
you got ta figure its either at the house off route twenty or at gretchens place .
i m going over to your place right now to watch the thing with jessie .
i told her the same thing i d told junior , that i was watching his place on a hunch .
they could be coming over to your place right now .
you could stay at my place for awhile .
if i m at your place , you might get in trouble .
i d take you to my place but my niece is visiting this week and i do nt want to wake her .
so if you ever need a place to stay i glanced at nancy , but she was busy talking to tom .
anything that looks interesting , well take with us and examine it in detail back at our place .
would you be my guest tomorrow afternoon around four oclock at my place for dinner ?
i m coming down , but i got ta drive my own car cause i m gon na take a change of clothes and go straight from the beach to her place .
i spent a few minutes telling scott and lj of how we had gone to jacks house and had to hide under the bed when the guys broke in and ransacked the place .
we went to his house to see if he had been home and while we were there two men broke in through the window , came in and ransacked the place , looking for something .
would it be okay if i came over and spent the night at your place ?
so , at one - thirty in the morning i combed the neighborhood for an open space , finally finding one about four blocks from our place .
although he lived several apartments south of our place , sam had been known to climb over the low stucco walls which separated the balconies and make his way to our deck , before jumping into the pool .
for example , at apartment 239 , i had several roommates over the years , normally three or four at a time crammed into the tiny place ( to save on rent ) .
i spoke with a friend of mine who had recently moved out of his parents place .
the landlady made it very clear that i was not supposed to be staying there so i had to be a ghost for the next little while until i could get my own place .
needless to say , i had to get my own place .
if everything flowed smoothly , we would all leave together and party back at our place .
we can get a place together , he suggested .
now i was being evicted and i needed to find a new place in less than two days .
* * * it was friday the thirteenth , the night before we needed to move out and i still did not have a place to go .
that was not exactly true , but i was nt about to worry him by saying i was unemployed and had no place to live ; that might raise too many concerns about my character .
the place was similar to the first one , it had the same thick orange shag carpet , same fixtures , but this suite had two bedrooms .
i went back to the first apartment and slowly dragged all my stuff down the hall and into my new place .
i needed a few more dates in before i would feel confident enough to bring her back to my place .
i needed to conserve as much money as possible so i decided just to walk to her place .
the truth was i did nt want to take her anywhere , i would be happy to stay at her place .
this girl was amazing ; she was really pretty , had her own place , was easy to get along with , and she drank wine very sophisticated .
i guess he was either naive or he was desperate for a place to live like i once was .
he needed a place , and i needed money .
when we arrived at her place , she headed straight for the bathroom .
i had just bought myself another month , but i definitely needed a new place .
i did nt want to spend one more night in my place for fear that ray would come back in the middle of the night with the cops , so i went home , packed up my clothes and abandoned everything else .
so how did you find a place for $ 500 a month ?
he was probably at his brothers place watching the football game .
its almost three times the size of my place .
that s cool , i thought , i should get that for my place .
excuse me i said to her can you please tell us how to get to your place ?
you know , we could do a lot with this place , i said , as i looked around .
i like what you ve done with the place , its a vast improvement .
i drove back to my place to get ready .
so this is your place , huh ?
i think you said that same thing when you first came over to my place on west 4th avenue .
she asked if he preferred dinner out , or at her place .
i would like to invite you all over to our place , he continued .
after breakfast was over , jane and lily cleaned up the place .
how are we going to your place ?
i will deploy my best swiss and drop them linea recta at your place .
and they still need to find a place to stay with you .
and then the base closed down for research - vessels so they all arrived at my place .
it also might be a bit cleaner than my place here .
on diego and at my place .
because you have no other place to go to ?
it will give you a good overview how abacus is constructed , what are the best means of transportation and , maybe the most important , i will show you peter 's new place to live .
sometimes he came to stay at my place , with some of the others who were stationed there .
oh , we are already at my parents ' place .
in somalia we still have some nice places to stay .
i did nt have to hold down the fort so he d have some place to come home to .
first order of business is get ourselves a new place to crash , he said , glancing in the rearview mirror .
we changed the name of the detective agency i had originally formed with my best friend and moved to smaller premises across town ; the previous place held too many painful memories for me .
i called her when we were at your place .
wo nt the man object to us just waltzing into his place ?
although the center for molecular genetics , the principal research lab where strauss was assigned , was located on the gif - sur - yvette campus some twenty miles south - west of the french capital , instinct told me that the professor quite likely kept a place in paris .
after , she looked around his place .
he shivered as he trudged back towards his place .
he saw her car parked outside their place .
they were in a black suv and i have evidence that after they left my place they came here .
by the time i got to my place it was close to three a.m. and i realized that no - one at the office had officially been informed of evelyns death .
when she did make an appearance at our place , tongues started wagging and speculation on her presence was the main topic of discussion .
traffic was light , and it was twenty minutes later when i pulled up in front of jays place where he lived in a multi - storied apartment building .
i d spent many evenings at jays place watching monday night football or the maple leafs on tv .
my car started on the first try and i followed jay the couple of blocks to his place .
` ` well , we could go back to my place .
` ` coffee at my place , '' i offered .
i had given my regrets to danny before the service and he looked almost relieved that i was nt going back to his place after the burial .
it dawned on me that the rebuff i had given jay the other night when i did nt invite him back to my place had backfired .
there was no answer at my place or jays and this time i did nt hesitate to call vanessa .
the griggsbys have a nice place in thousand oaks .
she lived alone , and from the look of the place , probably did nt spend much time at home .
lets find a better place to stay .
i needed a place to go , and you made it happen .
maybe he was taking me somewhere else , a place to top the evening with , since he was so full of surprises lately .
all i saw the first time i set eyes on the place was a darling of a dolls house i thought could be a real winner for a real estate flip .
this place needs too much work to pay more than that , especially if we have to replace water and sewer pipes on the outside .
if you need to remove the asbestos in the bathrooms , in addition to replacing all the fixtures , the budget wo nt take you far , even if there is nothing else wrong with the place .
i m looking for a place for my mother .
last time , when i took her to the airport to fly home to california , she told me she wants to find a place here .
the guy said he was trying to look out for her place while she s gone .
how about i meet you at your place , we do a run to the bungalow , check it out , and run back .
when we arrived at my place , jasper helped me out of the car and up the stairs while his mother waited for him .
not much , but its nice to have a place to come home to .
its good to have a place to call home .
if she does nt show up for class , ill stop by her place .
chapter ten her place was clean .
randall would never offer her anything more than a place to live , and a platinum card .
meet back at your place was the message that sent a shiver of dread along ethans skin .
if randall found out about oscar , sonja would be looking for a new place to live , among other things .
discovering her place of residence , and getting a description of her car , was another coup .
maria sovant ne camerino , a woman who hailed from detroit , let pamela use her apartment , because , they were best friends , and because pamela had a long walk from town to her cottage high upon von hellemann 's mountain , and it often was n't convenient to walk back to her place when she would have to leave it again in an hour or two .
there was no road to pamela 's place in the woods - and even if there was they did n't like to use their cars because it was easy for extortionists to plant a bomb under a car , and easy for extortionists to shoot you while you drove your car down the street .
their nearest neighbor , wolfgang von hellemann - was two miles away from them , and one had to take one of several narrow paths through the woods to go from their cottage to get anywhere , as there were no roads that cars could use near her place .
she knew pamela liked to take baths at her place and she suspected she would see exactly what she saw when she peeped through that slit : her husband and her best friend were naked together in her bathtub .
as you can see , he keeps the place very pristine .
when doug arrived at the entrance , he spoke to the guard at the gate in arabic and told him that he was from kabul , afghanistan and needed a place to stay for a days .
he said that he had been raised in the area his entire life and that he had his own place back down in the holler by caddo - gap .
the man was a little reluctant to give him any information so he pulled out a few twenty dollar bills and held it toward him and said , i really need a safe place to stay for a few days , i just came from kabul .
another fact worth mentioning is that i worked without benefit of a real office ; after selling off my piece of the law partnership , i operated out of my place downtown , with a telephone and a couple of computers .
easter before last he 'd arrived at my place down in the islands with some leggy print model half his age and a case of jack daniel 's black .
best i can remember , we met shopping for green groceries at balducci 's , just up sixth avenue from my place , and we saw each other a few times .
the place was everything she was , a potpourri of the world , a mishmash of styles , and she clearly loved it .
as it turned out , however , while i was on the phone leaving messages at country clubs for the building 's attorneys , a mere five blocks away from my place dr . tamara richardson was putting the final touches on preparations for an evening dinner partydestined to throw us together again only weeks later .
she ordered dave to take care of the dishes ( since he 'd been acting as if he owned the place , let him help ) , then led everybody back into the living room .
i had n't actually seen dai nippon 's midtown office , but i talked to the manager almost every day on the phone , and he occasionally shipped materials down to my place in the village .
would it be convenient if he came down to my place and we went over the paperwork ?
` ` why do n't you send a schedule down to my place late this afternoon .
and while you 're at it , tell that asshole friend of yours , bill henderson , i think he 's the biggest '' ` ` look , i ' m genuinely contrite about the scene he caused at your place .
fact is , i 'd planned to knock off around christmas and take her down to our place in the islands , though now i ' m not sure there 'll be time . ''
` ` what would you say to my place downtown ?
why not just go down to my place in the islands and monitor the apocalypse off the satellite dish ?
she marched in , took a look about the room , which had one of those big tubs trimmed in redwood , and said it reminded her of a place near ise .
you going to dump all the info on mori 's sexy little cd down at my place ? ''
joyce claimed to be unamused , though in truth maybe she was n't all that heartbroken to have the place to herself for the afternoon .
as a result senator jack o'donnell shared the broadway local with several hundred of his lesser - heeled constituents and finally managed to get down to sheridan square , from which it was only a few mushy blocks over to my place .
well , that part at least was easy : the obvious hideaway was my place down in the islands .
also , we all got together at his place a couple of times and blocked out exactly what we wanted to unload first , names and dates .
by then he 'd stopped coming over to my place and things had gotten a little strained at the edges , to put it mildly .
the thing now was to get out of athens , take leoforos athinon west , then head up the new highway 1 toward the mountains , lose them in the country , find some place to spend the night .
` ` the place we always stayed , of course .
they 'd probably come in here like john wayne and tear this place apart .
then clean up the place at leisure .
` ` why do these terrorist blokes always think they ' ve got to trash a place ? ''
the place was a mess , showed all the signs of a bloody assault .
go back to your place and keep up the good work . ''
go back to your place or i shoot you too '' , deborah said , pointing the gun on her .
dylan blair knew his friend had no intention of settling down anywhere , and as a consequence , did n't look after any place he lived in , but the mess around dylan now was too much .
the only thing mildly acceptable about the whole deplorable place was the three porno movies on the table next to the television .
she left me enough money for a week or maybe two , provided i could find a cheap place to stay .
i wanted to find out more about this place that i had for nearly six months called home .
with every move the record of our days started all over again , and we could never be quite sure , once we arrived at a new place of incarceration , that we could remember the previous count at all accurately .
we have a place to live , we have full time jobs we hate that s all anyone is striving for anymore in this country , and we have it .
bags of ruffles were all over the place , paper plates and other necessities to feed six boys , two girls and any guests they would be having .
your place is very clean , sophie complimented .
you should be proud to call this place home .
i would like this place clean by the time he gets home .
roy sometimes forgot to lock the back door of his place .
kyle looked around the place as he walked in .
you can go out and get a job and a place of your own because i am through giving you the shirt off of my back .
can i stay over at your place ?
joining his friends he looked around the large , roomy but gloomy place and said , does nt the place remind you of the ramseys horror house in the movies ... only scarier above them a few birds fluttered out of their niches .
this is your place but it was the ideal place for the job .
it meant a country place or a mansion with a garden , in russian .
uh , hello , maam , canter said when she hobbled through the front door carrying a basket of fresh - baked bread on her elbow that immediately filled the place with the wonderful aroma of home .
megumi , do nt be offended by this supposition , but you are actually living at akanes place , right ?
i only stayed because akanes mother insisted , although we had to stop at the school to unload cargo before going to my place to pick up my stuff .
that night she had not gone to my place , but on the following day she acted like it was because she had a lot of work to do .
my teacher handed me a wooden box i became familiar with when i was at her place .
either go back to china to your parents or stay here with me ; things are never going to be the same , but i can give you a place you can call home .
when we were carrying the final boxes to my place i was approached by our hippie driver , who not as much as offered but forced me to accept a certain amount of cash out of her eco - friendly wallet i was pretty sure she could not simply spare .
` ` yeah one thing led to another and wham , bam , thank you maam , we ended up back at my place slammin back some shooters and rollin in the hay ! ''
i stopped home first to ditch my work uniform for a pair of jeans and a t - shirt , before walking over to his place .
the warlock that came to his place last night made it personal between us .
i have to bring a few things from my place , you want to help me ?
he did nt speak on the ride to my place and i did nt ask any questions .
i parked my car back home and marched the distance down the street to his place .
i knew that and i could nt blame him for not thinking when his emotions were all over the place and laced with guilt for his brother .
i bet you ll like it so much at our place you wo nt want to leave .
at my place , though .
* * * * chris pulled into the driveway , his thoughts were all over the place until he pulled down next to the house .
they loaded up and drove out toward the place rob called home , though in his mind it felt like the furthest thing from a home right now .
at least you have a plan , do you have a place to go ?
i was thinking let 's spend the night together , your place , my place it does n't really matter to me but let 's do it .
i was thinking let 's spend the night together , your place , my place it does n't really matter to me but let 's do it .
that 's fine with me if that 's what you want to do , let 's go to your place it 's on the way .
the man looked into the mirror and locked eyes , with the driver , he could see the twisted face , and the man leaned back against his seat , and smiled , you son of a bitch the driver said , yea i know , it 's why i do what i do the driver sped up , wanting this ride to end , as soon as possible , the hours pass , but they arrive , he walks to the door , and looks back at the driver , hope i haunt your dreams buddy .. one last thing , she tasted so good the driver launches out of his seat , but he 's stopped by the guard , as the man steps onto the ground , and looks at his new home , this place that he did n't realize , would change him , he walks through the gate , gives the bus one last look , and waves with a smile , he walks into the prison , that would be his last stop , 25 years later ... .
this place is a shithole , i ca nt believe you still live here , she smirked , taking another swig of beer .
the entire place screamed of upper class , and i had to blink twice to be sure i was nt dreaming .
that was the first time joe came to my place .
and where am i going to find a decent place to live up there , let alone make enough money to support myself ?
will you pick me up at my place ?
i caught a cab back to my place , paying for it with my black card .
i think i might like this place , he said , lying back on the soft pillow .
my ex gets him during the week , and i fly here on weekends to stay with him at my place in redondo beach .
if i were to your place i would worry me for myself .
he had asked me if my family and i wanted to go down for a visit , to show us his new places .
his places are so nice down there .
officer timmy , jeffrey is taking me to disney world and we are going to stay at his place on the ocean , sammy said all smiles .
beyond tears , paiges mind rebelled against what was happening , wanted to leave her body , to wander away from the world in search of a place that was safe .
no matter how much he was dreading the encounter , he made a mental note to stop by her place after work .
you re working for a graphic design company so you can rent a larger place .
here she was , kidnapped , naked , stuck in a hellish nightmare of a home , and she was thinking about how hard it would be to sell the place with its white carpet .
she would set herself up with a new place to live if she was leaving him , and if he were to believe tabitha she might have been planning it for a while .
a week later when i was at her place , the phone rang .
i was never at her place .
how could patricia allow the whole place to be run by a woman who has only finished nursing school ?
on the way to the car , lan said to her , if you like , you can come sleep at my place .
do you have a place to go ?
i have a place , he said easily , though he had no intention of taking her home .
we can go to my place some other time .
she never failed to praise her clean and well - ordered place .
it will wake you up and well be back at your place sooner .
now you re at my place and you ll do what i want .
come to my place in a half hour .
ill come to your place in twenty minutes .
how would you like to get together at my place ?
and you ve even invited him to your place ?
she was so supple and strong , so soft and yet so firmhe still had no idea how old she was but just before his planned visit to canada , he decided to pay a visit to her home to return some bangles shed left behind at his place .
anything has to be better than my place .
will you clean this place up for us , or should i have debbie contact a cleaning company ?
speaking of the office , did buddy do as he promised , and get the place cleaned up ?
but yeah , ill head off now and be down at your place in a couple of hours .
as it happens , i have a place , rather like this one , in arezzo .
were driving down to her place and shell take us from there .
would you mind staying the night at our place ?
we ve had so many happy years here in our kentucky hideaway , lorraine wants penelope to have this place when were gone if we can find her .
without them , we would nt have had a place to stay .
i m truly glad there s someone here to look after him and his place .
he figured he owed it to clifton to make sure nobody burglarized his place while he was nt there or take advantage of him if he had come back .
what in hell would norman jones be doing sneaking down the dead - end road to eds place with his headlights off at this time of night ?
there s a level five acre field about half - way between grandmothers place and your dads .
he 's right though , it would be cool to have a place of our own .
when he looked into places to stay he decided to rent a cabin at a koa in cortez because he knew he would need some heat at night , even if the dreary weather had kept temperatures above normal .
i just need a place to go and i d like to spend a little more time with you to see if i can get this thing off my back .
cleaning supplies from his master bedroom bathroom were brought down and the place shined like it had nt since he bought it .
he tried to make sure soaps and shampoos were available in the bathrooms and he bought a holiday no - flame candle that he d hoped would make the place seem a little more cozy .
she and her three - year - old son were being evicted and she needed a place to stayso she asked if she could stay at my condo since it was vacant .
they d chatted for a while and shed been placidly agreeable to seeing his place , but now that she was here , matthew was uncertain whether she had consented to anything more than a cup of tea .
he was shocked to find that the place was more squalid even than their old student house in the worst times .
matthew had intended only to make sure that ralph reached the taxi , but as they walked together , he began to worry that ralph would not be capable of getting from the car into his house , even if the driver found his place .
the only way to change would be to move to a new place and start everything again .
- funny thing was , mr walcott , whoever it was just had this little torch , like us , and he did nt switch on the lights , it was like he was coming to burgle the place , like what we d just done already .
they keep the old place clean and try to find occasions to use it , like a ceremonial uniform that one of those old colonial governors might drag out of the wardrobe every now and then to see what damage the moths have done .
there was an open plan lounge at the top of the staircase : it was deserted and the whole place had an abandoned feel .
no way was i going over to his place .
ok , were sending someone over to your place .
our kid , he 's eleven , lives at her place .
also before daylight , johnny took the pt cruiser up to lydias old barn they no longer used and pulled it inside and locked the doors.-johnny and chrissy were quite pleased that they had been able to help avenge their friends death but they sure were hopeful that there might be a little less excitement at their place for a while .
i was wondering whether you would mind taking the children over to her place , no ?
mizpah knocked , unwilling to use her key knowing she would be packing up and moving to her own place in the next day or two .
what , say , eight oclock give me time to get all the way over to your place .
i ve only got one bell uniform , but i can head over to his place after i ve finished and hand it to him .
you know they speak sometimes on the phone , and they ll get talking even more if you re round my place once or twice a week .
except that it left my legs a bit weak heading back to my place .
the place was wide open other than a few couches , and this scared seth shitless .
i replied , you guys sure are rugged to come down to my place to see how i ' m doing .
if they were going to refurbish and use this place , light bulbs were only the first of many things they would need .
the rest would stay at the bunker , with vinny doing the shopping trips , and get the place in order .
` ` good ... .. mr whatever your name is , i ' m vivien 's sister and i ' m going to take her to my place as we have some things to discuss .
he 'd had to bring in a couple to look after the woman and her two kids plus they 'd had to rent another place just to house them .
i 'll meet you back at the farm but at terry 's place . ''
sometimes he wondered how the beat up old truck they used managed to get to his place and back .
she loved their place , which was about thirty miles west of port mason , and had frequently asked if they could move out there .
you can stay in my place on knox for a while .
you all can stay at my place , she said .
` ` does n't anyone ever clean this place ?
apart from the constant flow of traffic along the a153 , i had the place to myself .
` ` nice place you have here , '' i said to my passengers .
earlier on there d been a party of tourists out walking on the hill , led by a guide , but they had nt approached anywhere near his place .
half the accounts department at my place have exactly the same compulsions and they re mostly straight so far as i know .
i wished i could have had a wife and children , but my line of work prevented me from being around in one place long enough to settle down .
` ` but i ' m sure that there wo n't be any flights back to toronto tonight , and you are going to need a place to stay until then . ''
do you have any place you can go or stay for awhile until we can find out the source of all this trouble , and then make the proper arrests ? ''
he would have to offer his services once he found a place to sleep .
he d found a job and a place to live in one sitting .
i ve told you not to get snow all over the place when you come in from school , mom complained when she saw the mess the snow from my shoes made .
ill see how i go with eban when i get him back to my place .
when did the police leave your place ?
i mean , i ve only been to your place a few times , and i ve seen the way that that marielle looks at you .
just that with the children coming over to my place on boxing day , the thing is well , gerard is going to come by later for a drink , after lunch .
they d sat opposite each other at christmas lunches both at his place and charlottes , then on the 27th had to be in the same car the only separation he d been able to achieve was eban in the front and jol in the back with veruschka when he d driven out to nemours to have lunch and swap presents with his mother and herv .
i phoned your place and veruschka sounded quite concerned .
so , i did nt have a reason to go back to my place .
no , i went to my place to catch up on some things .
mr . kastenmeier made betty stay and clean up the place .
see , ladybird always kept up so much drama i never really knew what peace was my grandma lived in a place that was very different than where we lived .
it was the most sorrowful look i had ever seen on her face , almost longing ; crying out for me not leave her or maybe wishing she could go to my place .
we will give them places to live , salaries for food and clothing .
i have my art and an outlet that s let me earn some bucks and give us a place off the streets .
she was nt there long , it was a temporary gig while she was scoping out locations for her own place .
maybe she would be able to furnish her own place with some finds .
it was nt off - limits to him to be above the basement floor , but it was understood that his place was down there and her place was up there , and there was little - to - no need for him to come up .
it was nt off - limits to him to be above the basement floor , but it was understood that his place was down there and her place was up there , and there was little - to - no need for him to come up .
he apologized for his bluntness before asking if we d mind getting together at either my place or norrahs , as he could nt afford to be eating at restaurants too frequently .
we can get together at my place , i offered .
i d offer to let you stay but its a small place .
i just thought you were calling to gripe about me leaving that old dodge pickup out in front of your place .
this place , this apartment , is our place and its about as close to a real home as i ve ever known .
this place , this apartment , is our place and its about as close to a real home as i ve ever known .
you ve got to figure the maid wiped that place clean of everything .
he was throwing a party at his place .
had a friend down here who was going to be gone for the summer , needed someone to look after his place .
or if you had come in early and left for i went back to elis place , and we slept together .
not only does protocol force them to handle davenports body , administer any first aid they can but in the process , they storm the kitchen , turn off the coffeepot , maybe even spray the place with their extinguishers .
i must have seen his place a thousand times , jessica mused , eyeing the garage , attached perpendicularly to the side of the house , entrance hidden from view .
we should stop by your place .
i think its a pretty good sign that they re still searching your place .
look , i doubt she s going to be getting a bail hearing within the next hour let me drop you off at your place .
you ca nt keep me out of my own place , i do nt give a shit if you re not done sniffing my underwear .
i crashed at his place for around a year .
in an alley , around the corner from his place .
anita montero you sure this is the car that s been parked outside your place ?
i may not be able to get a fucking job in this town anymore , but i think i got us a place we can move .
been living there since the late nineties , and the place is rent controlled at you ready ?
were talking about apartment that s as close as well ever get to this place .
saying a silent goodbye , greeted with nothing more than a pasture for evil robots looking to tear the whole place apart .
you can stop by my place .
and they ve really cleaned up the place from the old days .
they already moved all my stuff into the new place .
hang out at my place for the week .
you know , one thing that i like about this place is that there are no life stressors .
he mainly needed a place to work and a connection to the network .
it turned out they never had kids and the place was too big for just the two of them , but neither of them could really think about leaving .
his place was cluttered with books , cds , vinyl records and sheet music .
chapter two bob looked around the condo , both pleased and dismayed that the place was all his now , no more sharing with his separated and estranged wife , julie ; his soon to be divorced wife , julie .
but she could , and probably did , have her private investigator brother regularly sweep the place for such devices .
but , what the heck , i do lock the place up at night , i know the alarm codes , you want to sneak in now and check the records ?
i ' m heading back to my place .
thankfully , that day greg was nt there to greet her when she made it back to her place .
that evening after work , sheila showed up at her place .
her place was cleaner than usual .
all of her things had been put away , and the place no longer smelled like a car ash tray .
back at her place , after breakfast , she pulled up the email again .
how did you get a key to my place ?
worse than my place , said angie .
he says you can stay until the end of the month , since you have no place to go .
when she walked through the door of the old familiar place , all the scents of her perfumes and the images of her old place came back to her .
well , you ca nt go back to your place .
silently , george drove anna back to her place , where she packed a large suitcase .
anna felt bad because she spent most of the day lying about while sheila worked hard to clean the place .
i heard you two are looking for a better place to live .
back at their place , miguel was standing on the corner with a beer in his hand and talking to someone .
` ` they call my place the palace ? ''
the girl who called your place the palace says she went to grade school with you .
i ' m going back to my place , i have it spread out on my table , you 'll have a tribute piece by morning . ''
the apartment pat had been renting for the past eight years felt as much like home to him as any place he had ever lived .
` ` she said she was on her way over to your place . ''
` ` i 'll meet you at your place again . ''
` ` eh , '' pat said , catching himself and realizing that jorge might make another offer if he were to ask him for a recommendation for a place to spend the night .
were having dinner at her place .
when he found an ankle holster he liked he paid for it and arranged for it to be mailed to his place .
the plan was to have drinks and dinner before checking into a hotel or going back to his place , he had nt decided yet .
on the way to his place he stopped at a pep boys and got a tail light and bulb .
then bobby drove to his place and packed a small backpack with jeans , some socks , t - shrits , and underwear , some toiletries and a flashlight .
one of his call girl friends , who did nt want to lose a lucrative customer , was going to say he was at her place , but nobody ever asked .
we found something at your place that was broken beyond repair .
he told us that he knew he could have a more modern place with an indoor toilet if he moved as most of his neighbors had done , but he liked his old house and his small garden and now that there was no longer any absentee landlord to worry about he was quite content with his situation -- although it would be nice if he could get more flour each month and if the pharmacy in town would nt always run out of the medicine he needed for the arthritis in his hands .
apartments for young couples are so expensive and hard to come by now , specially in a city like this one , that its common practice for young people to move in with one set of parents until they can find a place of their own .
theo said he wanted to walk back to his place so i climbed in and said goodbye .
i m on my way home in a few minutes and i can stop off at your place , if you like , or you could come up here to my office .
the music was loud enough for sam to hear it from his place down the street .
i know that seems really pathetic now , but at the time my hormones were all over the place , i was desperate for a girlfriend yet petrified of the species and thought that a knock on my door was a matter of days away from my secret admirer .
sometimes when cleaning a room out after a death , they would sometimes leave the windows open to air the place .
he must have been in every room and ransacked the place !
lit up by our headlights was a police car already standing in the driveway , with evidence of others having been there until only recently - tyre marks in the bushes , polystyrene cups littered about the place , numerous lights on up and down the boulevard and several of the neighbourhood dogs barking into the night .
i know she s not due in for a few days yet , but we thought we d better get here early to make sure we had rooms before all the big boys from the media get into town and pack the place out .
he then proceeded to drive his heavy wooden crucifix straight through the television screen , causing glass to fly about the place , electricity to spark and crackle dangerously and pungent smoke to slowly fill the room !
my jet , my houses if you need a place to stay i m putting it all at your disposal .
it was n't completely rundown , but the london housing boom had forced those on the fringe to live in the most affordable places they could find , and caledonian road was still relatively affordable , which attracted the undesirable elements of society .
it was a lovely place to visit , but visiting a place and living there were two entirely different propositions .
that was chad 's place ; his bedroom was in the rafter space , compact but his .
during the few weeks he had stayed at harrys place , preston spent less than two hours total time with him .
we only got a place to pick up the money when it was done .
when we get back to your place i 'll get a little sleep if that 's okay with you .
i need to save for a car and this place is paid for , she says .
though he had been fed and given dry clothes , the traditional pakistani attire shalwar kameez which resembled western pyjamas and the equally inadequate khussa sandals for the climate in england , and a place to lay his head in a series of dormitories on the upper floors , abu increasingly suffered an uneasiness over his new found sanctuary .
i said pulling their bags out of the car and helping them up the short flight of stairs to my place .
i was in the kitchen , well before the rest of the household filled the place with the noise of a new day .
i had her place and the hospital under guard , and despite the fact that it was my own men watching the place i felt like a prisoner in my own home .
by the end , they had been assigned to a unit and given a place to sleep .
it is nt as if you ve got any place better to be .
i d be glad to have lunch with you , but ill find a place to stay .
this guy they caught at your place ?
with the power out at my place , maybe this would be a good time to take up roberts offer to stay at his weekend rental .
i whispered the serenity prayer over and over in my cold car , across the parking lot and up the stairs to my place .
are they still going through my place ?
i wished that i could have stolen marshalls keys when i searched his place , but i d been sure he d have a duplicate set of the tiny , easy - to - lose cabinet keys somewhere close by .
this is the place i now stay .
paul could you believe my mother was the first to welcome me to the place she saw as a home fit for my living .
actually , the whole place has alarm , but it wo nt go off unless you try to break in or something .
he always had a place to stay .
` ` we went to valent 's for dinner , and then i walked her back to her place .
she stopped by my place to place a phone call , and ... '' ` ` oh , so she came over to your place ?
she stopped by my place to place a phone call , and ... '' ` ` oh , so she came over to your place ?
i met her on the trolley , we went out , and she was alive when i left her place , but now she 's not .
i walked her back to her place . ''
this had played over in his mind the entire time since he left her place .
they found my wallet at her place , '' eddie said .
i lost my wallet at her place . ''
i put her up in the apartment so 's she have a nice place to live . ''
i feed men like you ; give you a place to stay now and then . ''
i 'll let you know where i ' m staying when i find a decent place . ''
he needed a hot shower and a place to sleep for a night before moving on .
the fifty was not going to last long , and paying for a place to sleep was going to cost .
i got all these law - abiding chumps coming to my places every night , doing everything they say is wrong .
paid real good , and i had a great place to live with my brother .
middle class came to mind , the type of place where neighbors looked out for one another .
see , i have been sleeping on a friends couch as i moved from my last place .
i was the one who always ended up cleaning the place ; god knows how they get on with their degrees .
` ` no need to thank me '' , jonas said , with a sleazy smile on his lips , ` ` i just need to make a stop to get the stuff you wanted , it 's on the way to your place anyway '' .
sticky was all over the place , backtracking on occasions , too stay with jonas but remain out of sight until he was needed in the follow .
every now and then , people with no place to go , go to the movies .
an old friend who crashed at my place for a week once asked me , why do you live in marietta , georgia of all places ?
yeah , but you let me walk right into your place after somebody breaks in ?
i m not sure you can stay in this place , here , he said , eyes not meeting mine .
i asked if he could recommend any place to stay .
my uncles place .
i ve got a place farther in town .
then , i m going to crash at my place .
as i sat there in the home of a man i did n't know , who 'd given me a place to stay without a second thought , after the tortuous encounter with a man who i also did not know , but seemed to only desire for me the worst waking moments that could be imagined i felt , in that very moment , like those crew members sharing a quiet , pleasant , satisfying moment or their pilot remembering how his wife , thousands of miles away , was the only home he 'd truly ever known .
i saw her outside my place that first night , when you and me were hanging down stairs in the square .
yeah , we better stop by your place .
it took the two doobies just to get him to drive to my place .
my place , your place .
before getting too far into the case of beer last night , pavan and i had talked about heading back to his place to get cleaned up .
i m not home much and recently i really got ta clear out of my place .
there was no going back to my place .
tomorrow , before work , would you mind if we headed to my place and grabbed the rest of my stuff .
when my model - turned - model - who - didnt - want - to - live - with - me girlfriend left for new york , i d crashed at his place for a couple months .
there d been a good response to the ad i d placed while at smokeys , and a couple calls later , i had a place to stay .
i needed a place to stay today , and the client of my new venture needed someone right away .
one of the neighbors would come by , each day , the first couple days to make sure things were all right ( read : make sure i did nt steal all their crap ) , so i had to at least keep the place up a little .
it seemed strange that he also wanted to invite him to his place , greatly limiting his chances of getting frisky with sheila .
so we have two options : i pay the bill and we go to my place and fuck like bunnies or i pay the bill and go home to watch a movie .
after a while i could n't take it anymore and asked her flat out if she wanted to fuck and then we went to my place .
you know the place where i stay used to be a nightmare before our independence .
later of course he had all his meals at our place .
it could be just a ruse to get me over to his place .
less than eighteen hours of bending and grabbing and the place was beginning to stink like three day old fish left uncovered in the familys waste can and begging to be tossed .
she told me to tie you up if i had to and drag you out of here and over to their place .
for now , he d clean his place up .
when he had finished making the place perfect again , he sucked in his breath and headed for the bedroom which was the last place he needed to fix .
well help build the mark ; that s not a problem , but until there s a place to live out there in the desert , i have to stay here with the kids .
he makes it at his place in the woods back on the rez , and then he brings it to seattle to sell .
i ve got a place to stay that s not too far from here .
where s your place ?
tell me , asked ivanovic , has he ever said anything to you about wanting to visit some other place , perhaps to live or for a holiday ?
when there was still no reply , i sent one of our chaps round to her place , but he said there was no reply from the door and no lights on , but no sign of burglars or a break - in , thank goodness .
ill get the police standing by so you can let them in to her place when you get here .
dusty thought she held the place together with rubber bands and paper clips , but she did nt mind .
i was at her place when you scrambled me to get the arctic team together .
its about the time between nick leaving barbaras place after being scrambled to go to switzerland and the phone call from her son .
come back to our place .
ill call later when i m back at my place .
i need to get a place to stay .
why do nt i come to your place and have some dinner , and i can catch the metro in the morning for work .
he did nt bring an umbrella , hoping it would remain dry for their walk back to his place .
they talked most of the way to his place with his arm around her waist for some of it .
he said , so , are you still planning to come over to my place for dinner ?
anyway , he put in super deadbolts and re - keyed my place .
the drive over was a blur , and he was nt even sure if he was conscious the whole time but he made it to her place .
so , you know that he broke into my place and threatened everyone in my family if i did nt kill the drug legalization language in this years appropriations bill .
ill stop by my place first tonight and then come back for dinner .
should he go to her place or stay ?
look , i m late for a flight , but ill drive by her place on the way to the airport .
this place has tight security , tighter than your house .
or to put it another way : to start to think of this would bring me to places that i can not go .
we are in a place where no work can find us .
we stepped into a strange house , and my first thought was this : this is not a place the eccentric would buy , but rather a place that would over time turn someone eccentric .
we stepped into a strange house , and my first thought was this : this is not a place the eccentric would buy , but rather a place that would over time turn someone eccentric .
but i wondered who had kitted this place out for him , and that suddenly made me think he had lied about living here alone .
` ` my girl and her impending death '' my girl lived in a nice place for someone with a lowly hairdresser 's job .
my girl kind of insisted , even if her dad was at work and we had the place to ourselves .
i later found out he paid a university of virginia sorority a couple thousand dollars to pack the place .
it is 3:13 when we get back to my place .
she passes out and i start looking through her place .
i trekked the half mile back to my place .
somebody would have to tear apart his place to find them .
get the guys together tonight at my place .
he arrived at the steps of the cio and saw the devastation , the place was a mess .
we have a covert watch on his place just in case he returns .
he foolishly threatened that if he was late arriving at your place you would know something was wrong and call in the troops .
maybe if i get the guy a job and a place to live on the island , he can clean up his act and well be able to see whether he s his own worst enemy or he s been used by a hostile enemy .
unfortunately , i was inundated with job offers , and i never got around to adding color on the walls of our new place .
you think that by giving him a decent place to live and a job , hell turn himself around as long as no ones interfering with his life .
she decorated this place , syd .
i hurried across the complex to my place , let myself in with my key , and climbed the stairs to my loft office .
i just have nt had the time to do much with our place yet .
we ve waited months to decorate this place .
we were out to dinner and saw lights on in our place when we got back , i explained .
henry gave me the runaround , citing security issues left and right , but in the end , he had to admit that as long as there was a logical cover story , it was possible they could be removed and transported to our place .
i can add a colorful valance over the window by the sink and some accessories , so the place looks homey .
before she walked out of the room , she turned around and asked him quickly , do you have another place besides your house that you can stay for a few days ?
she could see that very little had changed with the passage of time in this old place that she remembered so well , only the furniture really .
and you would still leave this place in a body bag , which is what i set out to do in the first place .
looking for a place to stay , he had been turned away by everyone because he was unknown to them , a stranger in a place where people were wary of strangers and weary from the toll of daily life .
you re doing more than enough , keeping this place alive , i finally looked him in the eyes and noticed they were glistening , keeping me alive .
i m sorry , this is your place .
since mom and dad died , your room is the only place i can sleep at night in this house .
the demon looked a bit confused , which was good , because even i was nt sure how , exactly , i was able to live two places at once , either .
you thought you were actually at your childhood home , the place you remember but no one seems to know about , and you tried to get to the city ?
the downside to him having to always look perfect was that he very often arrived places late .
as she slept peacefully , he carefully slipped out of bed and back to his place .
while he knew that his place was not much safer for them , it would do for the night until he could make other arrangements .
he closed the trunk and got kristen into the car safely and then headed back to his place so that he could pack a bag as well .
she had been at her sisters place so i would cool off .
this place would be who allen christopher really was , because it was nt the house he shared with ellie .
of course , she would have never compared this sanctified ground to the dwelling place of the scarlet woman .
we decided it would be best to honor them by removing their bodies from the residence and more importantly we needed a place to crash .
` ` how about we help you with a place to live ? ''
the lawn does nt look too bad , not a pristine as it did when we first arrived , but we did all right cutting the grass and trying to keep the place up .
i think it 's important to not let the place run over with growth .
now i ' m just walking around the different rooms in this place , so far i have counted fourteen bedrooms and i think i have found the one for karen and me .
i nod and grab two more cookies , i start to ask him about what his restaurant would have been called , i ' m thinking maybe seth 's place , but i hear the loud knocks on the main door .
you guys can have this place and we 'll move back in there . ''
we welcomed two more infants into our group and karen says the next one who is due is expecting triplets , at this rate we will have to find a new place to live .
i hope he can do the same for this year 's election if we ever have it , though karen said not to worry about it because we have more important things to think about like getting our place back .
we have started a garden full of vegetables behind our place , thanks to tim and a few others .
` ` i think they were mostly used for a place for them to live after they 're released , but the place was huge so they 're must have been other people in there .
i thank god i ' m a man again and start looking for a place to sleep .
what she left behind on her way back to her old place in the showcase .
elliott had painted the windows black to make the place creepier .
at least this place is all mine .
we decided the oval office is off - limits for sleeping since the director , me , needs a place to work .
i think we eventually come up with the idea to find a place on the waterfront to prepare in case we have to quickly move out but i m having a tough time concentrating on him with extra cake nearby .
tim will need a place to cook and maybe even bake one of those cakes .
i mean we always had foodi think that s pretty obvious and with the boats we had places to cook and no one knows how to keep warm better than us , so well probably be around forever and i guess he probably wanted to ensure that by taking your daughter and her future baby .
he happily ran throughout the downstairs , barking out of sheer joy at having a new place to poop .
before ruthie entered my life , my place was a giant man cave replete with shag carpeting straight out of the 70s .
she said she swung by his place , which i knew already , since i had her on tape , entering his room .
i hacked into it at my place .
i showered and changedyou could nt be too fastidious for this place .
i still was nt sure what i was going to do about my job but i was really leaning towards finding a place closer to here .
jamie created it , molded it with his own hands so that pandora project had a place to live .
you can deliver it to my place if you want or pay for a drop spot postal box .
thanks , mike c. bitcasino.com i was just finishing reading the email when i heard a noise from the surveillance cameras at marks place which caught my attention .
my apartment was broken into last week , they made a mess and trashed the place .
perhaps she was back at her place , i did nt know .
it really was time to get a place of her own again ; staying at her parents , as she had done for the last six months , was not a long term option when you were in your mid - twenties .
she needed her own place ; somewhere back towards the city of london , not here forty miles out , comfortable and convenient though it was .
it is funny but this place is almost too tidy for what you would expect .
i think it is time we found a place to spend the night .
she also told david she was hoping and expecting that he would stay on at her place for the next nights , as his fold out bed in the office was big enough for two to share .
his place was more masculine and ordered , with better furniture and a longer term feel .
in reality it was about a fifty - fifty split between both places and now they were having conversations about getting a larger place to share .
after she and david had told them from australia of the wedding date they were all busily arranging flights and holidays , asking her about places to visit and things to do in sydney and side trips to other parts of australia .
i was a bit drunk and he was so handsome , so i ended up back at his place in his bed .
instead she would disappear from life , find a place to stay where others would not find her , break her links with the past .
awful though it all was , and particularly the place she was staying she did feel better now .
he had been thinking about sandy in an intimate way the whole flight home and even more as he willed the taxi to get him quickly to her place .
she had left home then and got a job in alice springs and a place of her own .
it was just that she had such a great need for physical comfort and affection in her place of emptiness .
also , i would like to find a place to stay for the night .
in the back of my mind i realize that danes house is only 30 minutes from here and staying at his place would be a lot more convenient , but part of the experience of australia is camping out under the stars .
well , i thought we would head east to this isolated area north of my place .
this place would be like heaven for him i know .
i ' m trying to lie low at the momenti was sleeping on the beach , but now i ' m sleeping with angelique at her place .
the house was a place for him to rest and to sleep , but it had not been a home in many , many years .
it was his apartment , the one place where he had complete latitude , but he caved in and ran like a coward as soon as she challenged him .
between the epidemic of flu and the epidemic of bomb calls , he had the place to himself .
this place is spotless , oshea said , digging through drawers .
the place was trashed and at first i thought you were pushing up daisies , but then i saw you oxygenating .
at least this place did nt look too shabby .
vinnie said that the police just showed up at your place .
that s how you knew that the german was the leader of the group that broke into your place .
i ve seen a few men with similar posture and movement as the thugs who broke into my place .
you mean we get to move here , have a place to live , find work in america , and join you guys ?
frantic bees flew back and forth , looking for a place to call home .
can you find us a place to stay , john ?
when he had suggested they should go back to his place there had been no sign of hesitation in her acceptance .
the whole place gave the impression that it was no longer lived in , with the furniture covered in drapes and a pall of dust everywhere .
obviously someone else had known about tonis secret hideaway and had very thoroughly broken the place up .
sherry had asked me to arrange for a place for his second son , david , to stay .
` ` that 's no problem at all , but i thought he was coming alone and needed a place to stay , '' i said .
also i liked to think they would come to my place and my place was a mess .
also i liked to think they would come to my place and my place was a mess .
i almost never got calls at my place so the phone was disconnected .
my place became a cave to hide in .
hey , rusty , do you got any cleanser and rags or scrub brushesanything i can start cleaning this place with ?
if i ' m gon na be here a week , i want to get the place cleaned up .
she wrote her home address for both manila and iligan in his address book , apologised for the lack of a phone at her parents place , and promised she would not go back to work at the ' girlie bar ' while he was away .
gus leaned over and whispered in jesss ear , get matt out to the car and have shay drive him to my place and tell them we will meet them there .
ted put his car in park and turned off the engine , your place , i just pulled up .
ted pointed in the direction of his condo , were headed to my place just on the other side of the alley .
ignoring shays questions , gus quickly explained they had to get off the phone as fast as possible and that they had just touched down at reagan national , we need a ride and a place to go for the night .
the rest of the team had already left and i called a taxi to take me back to my place .
if i come in tomorrow , and my place is trashed , the pictures go to the cops .
nice place you have here , boys .
what happened to him , after leaving your place ?
this small act , futile though it seemed , somehow made him feel warmer in a place that , even after nearly four years , seemed as foreign to him as the day he d arrived .
i thought i could use the money to help pay for food and a better place for min and my mother .
hey jack can i sleep over at your place ? ''
` ` whenever i settle in a new place , '' he said .
just said your place is right nicea real cozy home and all .
after my sister died , she needed a place to live and donovan helped her out .
i need to get me own place .
i provided apartments for the people of this neighborhood and in the process built a place for myself that i found comfortable .
i would prefer to meet at your place .
that has been a fear of mine too but i had thought that pauline needed a familiar place to stay while she recovered , not a kidnapping job to stay at an unknown apartment with a complete stranger .
i ve been hidden away at my house and your place is like a fortress .
with a tortured voice she said , keith spent most of his time at my place , watching movies until he thought it was time to go out at night .
when i got inside , i saw that this was the place he lived at his clothes were all over the floor of the bedroom and the kitchen was a mess .
the next day he ordered me to clean the place up .
we went back to my place that evening .
when i opened the door to my apartment , i felt a sense of relief to be back in my place .
this is , after all , a family place and we do nt condone late night shenanigans .
well , its been nice sparring with you , but i have places to go .
it would have been a cramped place for a family , but there was no reason why a man made recently single needed anything larger .
but still , the idea of trying to find yet another place to work at seemed daunting because each new job was taking longer and longer to find .
will was told he could either move with them to florida or find a place to live in indiana .
will really did n't want to move , so he had a month to find a place to live .
after a couple unsuccessful weeks of searching for a place to rent , will asked if he could move in with me temporarily .
` ` hopefully , not too long , '' he answered , ` ` i 'll keep looking for a place . ''
trying to make the best of things , i offered to take some time off work and drive out with andy to find a place to rent .
sure enough , there was a message from emma saying that she was snowbound at andy 's place .
there was no way he could have gone , and he really did n't think he could handle seeing andy 's place .
they gave me a place to stay after i left home , and they helped get your business off the ground .
if chillings is holed up there , there can be only one place i know of that would be adequate to house him .
all they really wanted and needed was a place to call home .
his place was at the end of a road and back away from any other houses .
carlos had a place where he stayed and slept out in the corner of the metal building where the dogs were kept .
she spent her day buying groceries and small items for the apartment , trying to make it a little homier , and she realized that for the first time since she was fourteen she had her own place something she did nt have to share with others .
only when she was finished did she allow herself to relax , satisfied that the place was clean .
the place looked shabby and not very clean .
we intended just staying a few months but then we both felt at home in devonport and when i found i was pregnant with cosmo we thought it would be a splendid place to bring up a child .
i suppose it was my imagination , but when i returned to the flat it seemed that the atmosphere had darkened , as if myras visit had cast a shadow over the place .
every week after rehearsal we drove back to our special place , the little hollow in the downs .
that s how you were able to afford this place .
we settled for this place only because i m stuck here for a few more years .
she had a place in the village on bedford street .
there were hella dirty clothes all over the place , with tons of empty olde english beer can , and used condoms on the scratch up hard wood floors .
look at my place !
when are you guys going to remodel this place ?
what if something happens on the way to gaskin 's place ?
fortunately there 's plenty of money , and old uncle cedric seems to have kept the place in good order . '
he s done an incredible job transforming this place in the three years he s been here .
if anyone comes around your place inquiring about the mehras , tell them they had been there but left for st . louis .
oh , the reason he called is that he wanted to let me know that his daughters chaperone would be moving in to his old place next to me .
why would the dobbelaere woman use the vacant mehra home when she had a fully furnished place of her own in delhi ?
second , the television interview just concluded , here at my place .
how do i get to your place ?
she would have to buy a few things and find a place to stay , but she was nt going to leave his side , that was for damn sure .
far as i know , she made it back home to her folks place .
some girls he knew were meddlesome for sure , but no one came as far as showing up at his place .
i want to read it as soon as possible ... well , let 's go to your place ?
she has to return them to the university right away soon she 'll go back to her parents ' place and forget about the books till september .
sick dogs , you can sit in your kernel , being bitches submissive to the biggest bitch of them all , and gnaw on each other 's throats all you want ... me , now i have a place to go .
mary ended up at your parents ' place because she wanted a normal family .
first , i needed to find a place to stay : a base for my actions .
i had a place to stay .
we still had plenty of money and i decided to take a few months off to decide what career i wanted and to fix up our new place .
it was only a ten minute walk from our old place and sophie often walked round and helped me with the decorating .
when four loud , rough and very noticeable cops walked into als place , it did not take long before he was kicking us out of his property .
and every stray dog needs a place to crash , so why not where he wo nt be kicked around ?
it looked to me like a lady had her hand in decorating the place , although no one else lived inside but him .
then , he told lin ming that she would have to find another place to live .
he had seen far worse , but his only criterion was that the place was clean .
i can find a place for you to live so you wo nt have to be under your familys thumb .
they had stayed almost three weeks at the bamboo grove hotel before they found a suitable place to live .
whoevers house this is , his or her parents are out of town and the place is overrun with the kind of hoodlums shed never dream of associating with in her normal routines .
jenny says she s involved in real estate and owns her own place in the country - impressive , as she states her age at twenty - three - but that when first her mother and then her father disappeared , their house here became her personal party pad .
as for jennifers place , up ahead , tucked as it is on the backside of a hill sloping downward toward the wilderness , only the top half of the second floor and the roof are visible in strolling along knob hill lane .
or rather that they would be odd , except that scott surely already knows what he s going to find here , and the drive out to his girlfriends place was a longshot formality .
but i make my way into the middle of her place - real nice three bedroom ranch , incidentally - and then this door about halfway down the hall opens .
of course this means yet another uptick in his alcohol consumption , although as this phase also brings with it spontaneous house parties at his place and a few stray encounters to at least temporarily help him forget that red headed sprite , he tended to not worry one whit about any potential problems .
because shed hoped they d have this place to themselves .
no , what he recalls is processing the events that morning as he stumbled back to his and teresas place .
she would stand in the archway of donna s bedroom four , five , six times a morning , cussing up a storm , berating the clothes tossed all over the place , telling her daughter she needed to forget about that damn dope and go to school .
they always found some bogus justification for withholding your initial deposit no matter how meticulously you scrubbed the place before leaving , and he d already decided that with two months left in this overpriced yet very modern highrise , that the last one would be on the house , so to speak .
he does nt bother to call , but insists the dude is always home and that the place is a constant party dome , small town status of his abode notwithstanding .
his idea of their having a discreet place together proves no more than a polite fiction , for its no different in principle than their motel room at the last place , only roomier , and featuring a backyard .
mostly about buying votes and getting the economy cranking again for the benefit of their rich croniesthe rest of us are kept right in our dutiful little place , buying things and paying taxes nick chuckles and says , okay , so you re one of those guys .
please meet me at my place around 8 p.m. tonight .
how are you going to get out to his place , anyway ?
they re on their way to your place , now .
another yelled out , ` ` you made me a loan on my place then collected on it the first time i run late paying . ''
you and mama 's been the saving of this place .
katya realised at once that natasha and lisa were worn out , and that natasha still wore the veil of mourning in her face , so after initial acquaintances were made between the two families , katya quickly ushered her sister and niece to their new place of residence .
he gave a quick look around the new home and complemented chrissy upon her getting the place .
chapter 34 elsie has indeed kept the place well , remarked mr puddling upon entering the old building .
dave was a down - to - earth man , and always talked about buying a boat and taking off for places unknown .
he starts begging me to stay at my place .
your place is simply unbelievable .
we start walking as i pan the surroundings for ld and a place to stay .
she tells me there were loud explosion one day , followed by their place being torn apart .
i compliment her on her living arrangement and then tell her , i expect you to keep this place neat young lady .
i finally saved up enough money to get my own place .
he turned to her , please do nt take this the wrong way , but i need a place to stay tonight .
grace climbed up behind him and added , lets head to sadies and grab a bite before we head back to my place .
pete said , if you need a place to crash tonight , we ve got a little cabin just outside of town .
he was sure pete did nt have a place up here .
otis knew he was getting on in years and a nice comfortable place to spend his twilight years sounded ideal .
she had gotten a neighbor to agree to keep an eye on things while she was gone.there were no cats to feed or plants to water.sheila hated anything messy , so there was really no upkeep.security was tight , so the place would be fine while she was gone.but just the same , her neighbor would go in occasionally just to be sure .
my place is only a few miles from here , '' sandra offered , and its empty . ''
good thinking , '' sheila said.ill meet you back at my apartment in fifteen minutes.she kissed him goodnight and went back to her place , via the publix for a few groceries.her apartment was stocked with very little in the way of food.she ate one meal a day and that had usually been at some fast food place on her way home from work.now she had a guest.she felt strange , yet peaceful with the arrangement .
a teepee is a place to live , so it needs a doorway you know , one of those handy openings you use to get in and out ?
before dropping gia off , he d had the cab take him over to abes where he left the package to be overnighted to his fathers place .
i think she is at her mothers place .
just before i ran down the alley behind my mothers place , she told me that she had less than two weeks to live .
in the meantime , i 'll get a different realtor in las vegas to work on finding you a new place . ''
the red haired womans father explained that the infected were no different from any other warm - blooded animal ; they had to find a place to stay warm and could nt roam about all the time like in the spring , summer , or autumn .
now , i did nt like kids much , but if i said i was nt looking for a place to stow him , i d be lying .
apparently , caitlin had already contemplated my sleeping quandary and said , you re welcome to stay at my place .
men hate when women come into their house and act like they own the place .
they had spent a few days during christmas break together ; knowing he needed a place to get away from his step - mother .
you went all out on this place , i said while marveling at the luxurious house ; knowing i could never afford anything close to it .
i wanted a place of my own , a place to set up and call home .
i wanted a place of my own , a place to set up and call home .
be safe , drop by my place when you get back .
sparse and modern and cool , this is what i was looking for , i bet that s what my place is like , but this is all brown , you know , dark brown , and light brown , and medium colour brown , with brown curtains and brown floors , well i guess they re wood , but brown sofas !
* * * * * turns out 64a clydescross drive is part of a huge old victorian house , more run down than shabby , and nowhere nearly as sophisticated as my new place .
we ditched the limo and torched it that was fun then we walked back to garys house and picked up the van , drove to his place and , well , i m not really too sure about the rest , except staggering out at about half nine and getting a taxi to the hospital .
i m not sure your place is safe anymore , not after that idiotic phone call you made .
i hope his place is as nice as mine .
i wonder sometimes if jason is overdoing the ex - military cool thing , i m not sure , maybe we can discuss it later when we are at his place .
my head may be all over the place , but cigarettes and coffee keep me alive .
i used to pop round to his place , from time to time , you know , his great aunt patience , he used to call me .
i do nt know why we ended up at his house , i think we could nt get hold of anything and john said he knew where there was a few cans and a bottle we could nick from his place , and we could get in round the back and get out without being seen .
cozy rugs covered the hardwood floors throughout the house and oversized chunky furniture gave the place a warm , homely feel .
security reported that he left her place three hours ago .
you can stay at my place .
ill meet you back at my place in two hours .
it was nt safe to remain at her place .
maybe you could help me find a safe place to live ?
resolved to help the frightened girl , he decides that finding her a suitable , safe place to live is the first logical step .
but , he already has someone in mind to help him find a place , the man who saved his live during hurricane katrina and remains his benevolent protector .
the storm was starting to tear the place up , but they said stay .
` ` my husband said your things finally make the place look fit to live in . ''
she was living on her own in her very own place .
i just ca n't stay at the house with everything that 's happened and the media swarming the place day and night .
` ` i figured this first morning might be rough , having no place to be , and i just wanted you to know how much i love you .
when he 'd been there several days before , he 'd made sure to leave one of the bottom floor windows unlocked so it would be easy to come and go from her place whenever he needed to .
an additional two hundred acres would substantially increase the value of her place but the expense had made her hesitate and now it had sold .
later , back at her own place , she got out an old ladle and bucket and put them in her suv .
i thought he was still living in the same place . ''
he never let her stay over at his place .
normally , he left her place in the morning before she woke up .
` ` you could just wake up at my place .
in the middle of the night , i remembered waking up at your place , but this morning i woke up in my own bed .
i love having amy here , and you would never be happy staying in one place .
once she had the place to herself , she made sure it was locked up and took her laptop upstairs .
i would have gathered up some help and tossed him in the river , but i was afraid they d bust the place up getting him outside . ''
today was monday , which meant he had the place to himself .
mattie blades with her big fake new york boobies , naked in my canopy bed , with my husband ... '' ` ` were we at your place in that jealous vision , shelby ? ''
they 're fine at my place . ''
` ` the wallet and the key might have been the only link that would lead them there , and if mike parmalee 's team did n't find them when they were going over your place , they probably do n't know anything about the apartment . ''
` ` so you ' ve already got a place to stay tonight , dan ? ''
drinking buddies confirmed that he was indeed missing , and that just before his disappearance he had been bragging that he had found a safe warm place to crash for the remainder of the winter months .
i 'd lost my job at the pallet factory , and then i got kicked out of my place for not paying the rent .
but if that 's what it took to have a decent place to live , i did n't mind .
but i always figured he needed a place of his own , what with all the travelin ' he done .
in other places with other people it was enough to let them believe whatever they wanted about edwin 's disappearance .
danny had to bribe her with promises of gifts and shopping trips to get her to even consider visiting whit 's place on sardis lake , and when she was there , the only times she exposed herself to the sunlight and fresh air was when they drank their morning coffee on the deck or when she lay out tanning .
edwin got them a place to stay , and spent some time with them occasionally .
and stitches all over the place .
pretty soon it wo nt be our place anymore at all .
after about an hour , jim says , ` ` now is there any beer left at your place ? ''
i think i heard that he and his family had a place somewhere around here , steve said .
afterwards , she entertained the idea of finding a place off campus to rent , but she did nt like to be by herself and she knew she could never find anyone who would keep the place as clean as she would demand it be kept .
afterwards , she entertained the idea of finding a place off campus to rent , but she did nt like to be by herself and she knew she could never find anyone who would keep the place as clean as she would demand it be kept .
she needed a place to go ... soon .
matt had bought that car and driven up to her place in it , just assuming he d have better luck asking her out .
i still think it 's pretty cool that your sister found a place to rent for her wedding .
it was n't until i had gotten used to this place that i would notice things were moved or misplaced .
the glossy magazines on the glass topped coffee table were neatly arranged , most likely by the personal assistant , but in a place like this there were probably some tidiness freaks who could be relied on to do just as good a job .
surveillance staked her place out for over a week but had nothing much to report .
rays still on the run and so it would make sense to a lot of people if we went into her place and started busting things up .
* * * ch 2 mikes nightlife of blood and gore my apartment is a comfortable place , complete with bar , pool table , and the largest bed in town .
before leaving , i called the janitorial service , to clean this place up asap .
i did nt know my way around the lower east side too well but found his place without any trouble .
she is scheduled to clean this place tomorrow .
serena was sure that thomas never knew his place could ever fit so many human beings inside its walls .
what my client does in his place of residence its not just these pictures that i want you to see , counselor .
the plan was for margaret to go with him to a place he knew she loved as much as he did .
he had tons of work to do but no specific place he had to be at the moment , but she did nt know this .
i could nt have anyone seeing youno matter how fat your ass iswalking out of my place whiles you asking about that dyke .
just as i told you before the peacekeepers rudely interrupted our conversation : i have no place to go .
the way my place is configured , the view of the outside world is blocked by the rooftops of the other apartments .
we moved in with him just before school started when things went very badly at our previous place .
the jobsite was actually within walking distance of my uncles place .
okay maybe you do believe that and that s why you re hiding out at my place and not charging your phone .
i would nt want to de glove any of my fingers and not doing it directly outside my place would also be a smart move .
as long as i keep this pace i should be in the park next to his place around the same time as the previous morning .
oxford is my spiritual home and the place i return to in my dreams and in real life as often as i can .
having terminated the lease on her apartment when shed moved in with him , she only had one place to go : her mothers .
damn you doc , she said to herself using his tone , i came to your place upset and vulnerable after hoshis accident and you used it to fulfil your lifelong curiosity about bedding me .
hello , babe , i am coming to ghetto today and am going to spend the night at your place , washing your back and wiping your dick am on a night shift he interrupt the offering .
she called gilly and told him she will be leaving on sunday afternoon , he demanded she came over to his place , and no was an answer , a rough no .
the place was small , cramped , ordered disarray .
jose was eager to see the place , because back home he had a shitty bedsit courtesy of the uk 's benefits system .
the place had n't had a quiet period in all the time she 'd lived here .
how often she 'd gone into his place to find him asleep in his back room , leaned back in his old wooden rocking chair with that same hip flask resting on his chest , clutched in a fist .
there was the house , and there was captain jacobs , sitting in a swing - chair on the porch , looking content and relaxed , as if he owned the place and was on holiday .
ill tell her dad has bumped his head and he ca nt drive so he s staying over at my place tonight .
mum is a bit upset with me , because i told her that dad was staying over at my place .
i d like to take up your offer of a nights accommodation at your place olivia , if that s still on .
their half hearted evaluation of the wealthy estate break - in would quickly conclude kids ransacked the place and were scared away by the sirens .
meanwhile the doctor the whole time had been pensively looking around at the place .
when the group made it to the house 's concrete walk - up monty quietly took the lead per prior instruction from henry who requested that monty would be the one to safely get into the place without setting off any alarms or traps designed to keep snoopers out .
you 'll find this place to be like family , '' he lied .
templeton told serenabefore she killed himthat he remembered pouring gasoline on seemingly every inch of floor space in the popes living room for good measure , torching the place and leaving all three behind powerless except to watchand burn as their home blazed around them .
and i always thought this place could use some redecorating anyhow .
made her leave my place crying .
esmeralda did nt go to any length to hide her unbridled inquisitiveness towards the man who flew her away from the place she called home .
if she started doling out money , shed never leave the place in one piece .
look at this place after sixty years of self - rule .
even if you get an emergency passport issued , you re going to need a place to stay tonight .
as she opened the front door , the telephone switched off and the place was quiet .
mrs jenkins always insisted on feeding kate , something that made her feel guilty , but even though the place was shabby , all the children looked well fed and healthy .
the thought of packing everything up , not to mention trying to find a place she liked as much as this flat was becoming a bridge too far , she did n't think she could do it again .
she was n't completely happy with the first canvas she had done , and she really should do some housework , the place was filthy .
housework had been voted against , after all , no one would see the place so what did it matter ?
the feeling the flat was no longer her special place was getting stronger , almost too strong to ignore .
this place is just not mine any more , it feels dirty , spoiled somehow . '
' let 's walk back to your place , old boy .
rather than risk another delivery , they managed to pack everything into sam small car and after safely unloading at kate 's place , they went out to dinner .
this place was a reflection of her , old , comfortable and in need of an awful lot of tender loving care .
it did nt look like the kind of place he would want to live .
she realised he had tried to replicate her old place and done it all out of love for her .
were going back to my place .
they had a place out in pescadero , a house up in the hills that was at least a half hour drive from the nearest town , which was half moon bay .
fly back tonight and we 'll raise devon here at our place .
oh , you should see our new place !
she said it would be a new world , coming to a place in bakersfield other than the old house on weedpatch .
when the grass is green and flowers crowd the house and garage -- with their black , pointed roofs -- the place is as syrupy as thatched roofs and white walls .
but for the laptop open and flickering on the desk , the place might well have been unoccupied ( again , i drew no conclusions from this - obsessively fastidious , estrade is a chambermaids dream ) .
the heaters had been on in the sitting room all day , and the place was finally beginning to warm up .
the rents the same as at your place .
you ve seen the painting at my place lots of times .
he lived several blocks from my place and he was stabbed , the poor man .
smashed wine bottles were all around his place .
more than five hours had passed since he left her place and still , no phone calls .
i brought a radio over from my place .
you can come back to the station with me and let me show you off some before we go back to my place to see gram .
do nt think i have to remind you that you re welcome back at our place .
as soon as we can , i promise , my angel , we are going to find a place to call our own ; a safe place where we can start over and where we will be surrounded by wonderful people .
she just wanted a place to raise me , a house where we could grow together as a family .
i want you to take alex home to get her stuff and then take her straight to my place .
ill meet you at my place exactly an hour from now .
in father 's house , the ugly curtains were drawn back , combining the dining room with the living room and improving the look of the whole place considerably .
` ` at my place , taking a bath . ''
i m thankful we live in a place where we get to choose .
deputies could take to sleeping in the houses they were working in , or hiding out at a friends place for an hours peace .
i wondered if he was at your place this winter ?
we had moved out of our homes and into a place together as soon as we had graduated from high school .
i just think whoever built this place would be smarter than that .
he did nt even have a place to stay yet .
the ups guy left a package with me , since no one was home at your place and i said i d take it for you .
we have much to discuss , such as raum 's favorite places , his daily habits .
everyone had places to be right after school .
well , i live in a room in my parents place , he said not at all sure he wanted to talk about himself .
much better in fact than staying at his parents place where there was always someone nagging and moaning about him finding a job , or helping at home or paying for the groceries .
no way anyones going to stop me from living in a place where no one expects me to work .
but ill need a place to stay for the night .
` ` me too , '' i paused , ` ` we should go take look at her place , '' i suggested , fearing the worst .
` ` let 's go and take a look at her place , '' he repeated , absentmindedly .
someone had sure been here ; the place had been tossed , and tossed thoroughly .
i got steve to drop me back at my place .
when i pulled up outside steve 's place .
` ` pub or my place ? ''
` ` what 's to drink at your place ? ''
that night i had to sleep at steve 's place .
he had no place to go .
the press is camped out in front of my place and the conduit .
we give him a room to live in , and he keeps an eye on the place all the time even when he s not working .
i just want to say you guys have a great place here .
he guessed it was his fathers place since he had already been held captive at braymonds house .
this is the best place i have ever stayed including the best service and the best manager ever .
being there , and being a friend of kevins , put neil under suspicion , so they came to search our place in case he was storing stuff for kevin , or was involved himself .
peters was easy enough , but markham has vacated his own place and is living with his mother .
billy will have the whole place to himself .
she would make her own home ; a place where no one invited in would ever want to leave .
he loved his place , and so did people who called hermosa home .
josie and max ambled down hermosa 's portion of that mile - long bike path after they left faye 's place .
he went back home one christmas before we started living at the rayburn place .
chapter 28 it was dark , not late , when archer pulled up to josie 's place .
i used to live in a place like this .
i was looking for a safe place for hannah and me to live and a good man to settle down with .
josie was peevish , like a single mother coming home after work to find the kids had trashed the place .
` ` let 's try to figure it out at my place . ''
i had no idea where that was but i asked , if it is possible , i am in need of a place to sleep for the night .
smythe said , captain wodenhill , see that he has a place to stay .
the whole place had been thoroughly ransacked from top to bottom .
i ve actually been up to your place a few times with friends .
ill make you dinner tomorrow night , at my place , i purr .
` ` we can stop by my place , '' alexa answered , ` ` i got a new place a few months back , over by george washington university .
the place needed some changes , but no rush .
the police came to the house with a warrant at three that morning and just ransacked the place . ''
the place even had electricity but he did nt dare use it at night .
sunny bamboo - shaped letters read : krieger estates your place of refuge alex had never been in the estates kona offices and never would be ; those were for legit tourists , he d been told possible property buyers .
you got a place to stay , you said .
it was a friends place someone i thought was a friend , anyway .
and those enforcers back at your place ?
the peeling light green paint in the bathroom , the flickering buzzing fluorescent bulb that did n't light the place very well anyway .
the apartment looked dingy on the outside and had the look of a place where people stayed on their way to somewhere else .
in a burst , rontego sprinted onward , across the intersection in front of his place , and into the black metal door that led into the warmth of the narrow stairwell that led to the heat of his home .
what kind of person would break into his place , and then , take it upon himself to shit in it ?
its gon na take that bastard months to rebuild that place .
though these shits broke into his place , calling the police was out of the question .
so i walk on over to the fucks place who it was they were supposed to deal with and i saw the light still on at his place .
anyway , we are over at his dads place , rumors , and were shooting a little pool .
now , you take me back to your place and get me the rest of my money , you still owe me half .
my momma calls it a ` ` drab '' place .
then you either return to the united states or find another place to live in moscow .
ill clean up the place , and leave it the way i found it .
i m thinking about cleaning the place up and adding a new coat of paint .
he needs a place to stay .
` ` and this was grandpop 's place , '' she said .
` ` i loved it at your place over the weekend .
` ` whenever we see each other at your place or mine mom or one of the girls are around .
in the pit , you know , when you bought this place and dug a big whole in the yard for the toilet shit .
billy knows from looking in estate agency windows that the place is probably worth half a million .
you know by the order and cleanliness of the place that the kitchens are spotless , that the food is top notch .
we were passing their place on the way back from a call in woodlands close .
despite his own outward appearance , shaun keeps the place neat and tidy .
the place is neat and tidy , too neat and tidy .
but for the fact that the front door is wide open and there is a black holdall on the threshold of the hallway , the place looks as though it has been standing idle for fifty years .
she even grabbed my folks place .
my place does nt come with playmates , but there s a couch .
instead of headin straight for my place , maybe you can find a busy bar , talk to some folks with names and give me a call later .
lives at my place ?
you know , he said , pulling gently on his ear , all i ever wanted was a job , a place in the hills , and a couple of kids .
you at her place ?
the place was nt nearly as nice - looking inside as out .
she stayed at his place whenever he was away on lengthier excursionsthe missions that sent him country - hopping down the west coast of africa .
at least she kept the place tidy .
gee mr . hodges , you could have found us a nicer place to stay .
he could nt imagine what the place looked like in a storm .
you know , she really should nt be staying in my place .
by the way , moms still paying your condo fee , but she needs a letter from you saying its okay for her to stay in your place .
` ` it 's not surprising that you had trouble finding a place to stay or people to take care of you . ''
* * * * * * kaylee waited in a small flat , what she assumed was one of many of miguel 's many places of personal residence , located several stories above the bottom - level bars and clubs of heavenly bodies in the same structure .
she was considering standing up and taking a fifth look around the place .
almost every soldier involved in the combat had dispersed once everything finished and found a place to sleep until late morning .
he said place .
i liked the place , it decomposed gracefully .
no more than a year , that was what she used to limit herself to remain in one place .
their apartments were ten minutes apart and they each regularly dropped by the other 's place .
early in the evening , enzo stopped by and invited her to his place for dinner .
she missed her small and simple place , but this dwelling felt as if it were removed from the rest of the world as it rested high above the commotion of the city below .
much to her relief , his girlfriend still agreed to let him rest at her place .
all you ever looked to gain was a place to belong .
` ` how long do you think it would take for him to find a place ?
` ` i ' ve been staying at his place , yes , but nothing more .
` ` i wo n't chase you out of your room again , so if we go to your place , i get the couch this time .
it was a few months after she had gotten her own place .
a place to stay .
he d gone to the old mans place , likely just because they had plans from before , so it made just as much sense as any place else .
he did nt know the woman , shed never seen him , he perhaps knew that the old man had her spare key , so he secreted it , said goodnight to the old man and then snuck in to the womans place , hoping it would be enough for me to think it was where he lived .
which was to go back to his place .
i waited at a bus stop , counting the minutes it would take once the bus came to get back to montgomerys place .
when it occurred to me that it was just the smell of the place , of montgomerys filthy rooms , was likely the odours of various unwashed towels and wafts of garbage from the bins and the guts of the sink drain , i began to cry , not bothering to wipe my dribbling nose , mucus tinged bloody a string to my left knee .
while i walked , my thoughts would turn to various pointless objects i d been unable to retrieve from my place .
i muttered that the mess was not so total as it seemed , that it was jarring simply because there was any mess at all , that obviously not everything in the place had been soiled .
this odd spell was broken by the thought of walking back to montgomerys place , waiting there .
i imagined they were going back to his place , so all of her little illusions fell away .
they were going to go to his place , study a bit more , but he remembered there was a party going on .
spur of the moment , she suggested the hotel , because it would be a drag getting back to her place .
it was stupid , with her schedule , that she would go home , his place nearer the library or something .
i told him i was in some shit and just sort of needed to relax at his place .
i shrugged , said i did nt know that lecia was over , had just been in the city from last night , did nt feel like going all the way back to my place .
i ducked into the bathroom , no sign of shaving razor , only one toothbrush , only soaps that seemed feminine , and the particular dinginess to the place was nt thick like a mans , was just there , present , like it was kept generally straight so that a bit of dishevelment did nt matter .
i have a lot to say and i can see you re busy , call me when you leave for the night , well talk then , at your place .
rock had arrived at her place a few minutes ago and now sat across from her in the living room .
if you need a place to stay , that can be arranged through anna .
the whole place was on fire .
we have a place to stay .
at heart , she knew this was the type of place she could call home .
she actually lets you keep the place like this , he asked .
it was the place elias had been staying ever since killing the old man .
chapter three some description is required both of the changes in garnets physical appearance from the year of his birth to the year 1979 - the time when he became a modestly recognisable face , not just among the new york society scene , but on the tv screens of the world at large - and also of the apartment which was his sole dwelling place for those 48 years .
the combination of the hot equatorial sun , liberal amounts of available alcohol , and the boredom of long days and weeks spent in one cramped place waiting for salvation , had combined to produce a society close to the edge of total anarchy .
well , originally i was looking for a place to live around here .
maybe , i should bring you back to your dump of a place .
we will open it when we get to my place .
the place seemed a bit disheveled .
she had wanted to go to college with him , but omar came along , had some money , a place and a nice car .
thanks for finding me a place i could afford , he shot back with a playful grin .
you look tired , dear , i know how stressful the first couple of days in a new place can be .
it was like everyone who lived here had given up all hope of making their place more like a home .
from upstairs , the sound of tashan crying could still be heard , and all sasha got from this place was a sense of misery .
she started seeing him and within three weeks shed packed the game in and moved out of our flat into his place in hammersmith .
you can afford to buy a place of your own now .
but for that short time he was with us , he tried his hardest to make that place like a proper home .
i used to laugh at all those stories about if you ve irish blood you never really leave the place , but you know what ?
he had befriended a number of inmates and had helped bill acclimate to prison life and provided him a safe place to be for a large percentage of his first few years .
this place had been put together recently and no expense had been spared .
they re fine , kids are getting bigger all the time , were looking for a place with a bigger yard so they do nt destroy the house with all that pent up energy .
his thoughts went back to freedom , having a place of his own or moving back in with his mom , helping her take care of the garden and the house , relieving her of some of the emptiness in the house and her life .
he was used to this place being his and was nt sure what it would be like with other people there .
you d be surprised what they get up to at our place .
a big lump kicking shit out of you in the yard looks to me like your swipe card to get into this place .
they was in this place together , the two of them ?
in the reflection of the wing mirror he could see the top of the road lit by a two - tone light in a ghostly , moving glow , and a man and a woman in yellow jackets buzzing around the place like wasps .
mom told me he had shoveled snow in front of a few businesses near our place .
as long as i physically and mentally avoided the bedroom , this place was nt so bad .
he wanted to have dinner and suggested eating at our place .
at first , his place smelled like a rotten apple .
my mom would quit her two bad jobs , come down and find one good job and a nice place of her own .
what s strange is there were nt any churches near my place .
matts place is a little more protected from this and there 's a small fishpond in the woods out behind the house .
matt normally keeps the place neat as a pin .
in the morning give me time to stop by my place first , and then i 'll come here and pick you up .
i can still remember walking into her room at night when matt and i would stay over at her place .
that means if someone has ripped the place apart , they did so knowing matt would not be going to be in court in august .
i was afraid she might have gone ahead and ripped the place apart anyway .
sudden anger surged through his mind and he snapped , what if i decide to go ahead and clean the place up this weekend ?
when blake hung up , chuck asked , how far is your place from here ?
you and your buddy drag it out here or were gon na tear the place apart .
your place got busted up pretty good in the robbery , did nt it ?
will you be at your place later tonight ?
once the house fell into another familys hands , shed truly have no place to call home .
last year , in the middle of the first picking on our place , the fulbrights from calico rock disappeared one sunday night and went to work for a farmer ten miles away .
he slowed the truck almost to a stop , then turned into our place .
` ` they say that hillbilly is working out at your place . ''
i studied their house , a square little box , and wondered once more how so many people could live in such a tiny place .
when we crossed the river , i looked long and hard down the field road that led to the latchers ' place , but their little shack was not visible .
my mother once told me it would be years before they strung phone lines out to our place .
but the thought of leaving the only place i 'd ever lived was unsettling .
he 'd obviously walked from their place to ours .
` ` we ai n't got no place to go . ''
my father speculated that their dilapidated house could n't withstand the flood , and that there 'd be no place for them to return to .
` ` i do n't want your place , carl lee .
` ` nice place you have here .
the new place was a condo in murraysville .
my own place .
she found a new place to stay , another studio , this time in brooklyn .
where the room in queens had been shabby but welcoming , this place could only be described as squalid .
showing up at her sister 's place would be insanely risky .
langdon 's colleagues often joked that his place looked more like an anthropology museum than a home .
short of money , because he had met an assistant district attorney called samantha in a cop bar , and had twice bought her dinner before twice spending the night at her place .
franz 's place had the door glass and the window painted over from the inside with tan paint that reached head - high and left just a narrow strip above for light to come through .
because the whole place was trashed from top to bottom .
they trashed my place . ''
if he was n't married he probably furnished his place from catalogs .
the whole place was battered and untidy .
his bathroom stuff was all over the place .
for a time it looked like the whole place was on fire .
westbrooke place luxury apartments was the building where sexton kept his d.c . residence .
his westbrooke place apartment that had only an hour ago been filled with new friends and supporters now looked forsaken , scattered with the rubble of snifters and business cards , abandoned by men who had quite literally dashed out the door .
heading over to his place now . ''
they were very anxious to leave the place looking neat and tidy .
then he had been hijacked by washington and moved in and made the place his own , like it was some military objective .
i worked my tail off that summer , and when labor day rolled around , vera ast me if i wanted to keep on after they went back to baltimore - someone has to keep a big place like that up to snuff all the year round , you know - and i said fine .
i have walked through those gloomy rooms sometimes , lookin at the furniture swaddled up in dust - sheets , and thought of how the place used to look back in the fifties , when they had their summer parties -there was always different - colored japanese lanterns on the lawn , how well i remember that .
i went to work , cleaning and settin the place to rights again .
or sometimes she 'd call me brenda when she thanked me - she was the housekeeper the donovans had in their baltimore place .
there 'd been a bunch of them out at our place a day or two after i bruised my arm , tryin to get joe 's latest bargain , an old ford pick - em - up , runnin .
i 'd decided to make a clean break and move us all the way down to portland - find a place to live and a decent job .
i 'd take a cleanin crew in there the wednesday after they left and swamp the place out from stem to stern , strippin beds , coverin furniture , pickin up the kids ' toys , and stackin the jigsaw puzzles down in the basement .
i thought maybe joe was gon na do all the dyin that needed to be done around our place .
there was trucks n cars goin past our place all the time , not as many of them back then , either , but enough to worry a woman who was thinkin about what i was thinkin about .
i thought joe might balk at sendin little pete away , but he did n't - i s'pose he thought of how quiet the place 'd be with all three gone and liked the idear .
but i 'll have the place spick n spiffy by the time missus donovan drags her hangover down the front stairs , you can count on that . '
our little one - storey place lived past joe 's dyin and the two older kids goin away to school , selena to vassar on a full scholarship ( her share of that college money i was so concerned about went to buy clothes n textbooks ) , and joe junior just up the road to the university of maine in orono .
to joe junior , that house was just the place where he came after school , the place where his father ragged him n called him a book - readin sissy .
` ` around here , you do n't bring beaners into decent folks ' places . ''
so , a place to live , and an income .
` ` and your place ai n't alongside my brother 's wife , or getting cozy with his kid . ''
one of the men drove the pick - up to the boy 's place and found him outside and waiting .
at first just at his place up there .
it looked like a place he 'd once stayed , in vegas .
the whole place looked cramped and out - of - date .
first , they would get the telephone reconnected so they would n't have to walk eight miles to their neighbor 's place .
a place where you fit right in .
she 's talking about moving into a place like mine .
` ` we just ca n't make it to your place , but i 'd love to see blair . ''
he called a college friend in boca to make sure he had a place to stay for a few days .
as they drove from the station to his apartment , he learned that she was ( 1 ) finished with exams , ( 2 ) sick of her roommates , ( 3 ) thinking seriously of not returning to florence for the final ten days of her semester abroad , ( 4 ) disgusted with her family , ( 5 ) not speaking to anyone in her family , not even her sister , a person she had feuded with since kindergarten and who was now way too involved in their parents ' divorce , ( 6 ) in need of a place to crash for a few days , thus the luggage , ( 7 ) worried about her visa because she wanted to stay in italy for some vague period of time , and ( 8 ) really ready to hop in the sack .
their place must look like a luxury car lot by now . ''
i ' m going to buy him a lifetime 's supply of spare parts and i ' m going to rent him a place to live and i ' m going to give him some walking - around money because my guess is he 's not very employable right now .
i figured we might take coffee and croissants back to your place .
reacher said , ` ` i like your place better . ''
` ` his sister 's place would be too risky , surely .
` ` got a place to stay ? ''
it was very much the same as the neighbors ' places .
they humanized the place a little , but on the whole it was a bland and soulless home .
his place was an unremarkable one - story ranch .
emerson left james barr 's house at four in the morning , replaced by forensic specialists who would go through the whole place with a fine - tooth comb .
and it had cable television , which reacher 's place did n't .
` ` he 's been to your place . ''
` ` you never went to his place ? ''
apart from that , charlie was all over the place .
if they had wanted to clean the place out , they would have brought a truck .
they keep the place tidy . '
he 's got some sort of a housekeeper there , scotswoman called may , who 's always sworn he was still alive and has kept the place going on her savings .
he bought a daily gleaner and returned to his place .
i like this part of the island and it crossed my mind to find some place to rent .
he suddenly did n't want to leave the stinking little smashed - up flat , leave the place from which , for three days , he had had this long - range , onesided romance with an unknown girl - an unknown enemy agent with much the same job in her outfit as he had in his .
acting on what bond had already told them on the telephone they had sent a squad car down to the robber 's place and they waited for a report while the surgeon worked next door .
friday , and they would all be out at the boss 's place playing trains , while he had swum and slept and hung about the tiara all day waiting for something to happen .
new glass for the windows and my pictures , and the place stinks of paint .
she was still trying to kill me when we got back to trebizond , so i got her to my place and took away all her clothes and kept her chained nak*d under the table .
she visited my place without warning .
but then sugar collapsed and i suppose the place was badly run , and by the time my father inherited it there was nothing but debts -mortgages and things like that .
the place was a prison - an exquisite prison .
it was masters who tidied up the house when he came back in the evening and found cigarette ash and chocolate papers all over the place .
modest little place compared with yours .
maybe some sea captain 's place from way back when killing whales made people respectable fortunes .
we were just getting ready to go back to pete 's place when he saw a guy he knew slouching down toward the steam - plant parking lot .
it 's his place , and he keeps it that way .
the whole place creaked and cracked at night , reminding him it was real and there and needed thinking about .
` ` maybe she went to your place .
that was the best place i ever lived as a kid . ''
the green shamrocks in the windows shone inward as well as outward and gave the place a pale ghostly glare .
` ` she did n't even have her own place when she first put the paint in the storage facility .
you saw her place .
you follow the turns in your mind and you know when she arrives back at her place .
they came to her with problems , and she listened and tried to help ; with advice , a few dollars or a place to sleep for a week or two .
when alan asked , ` ` do you want to come back to my place ? ''
` ` she would n't come back to my place for a little nightcap , so i figured i 'd get in the kip at her place , right ? ''
` ` she would n't come back to my place for a little nightcap , so i figured i 'd get in the kip at her place , right ? ''
sometimes elizabeth would awaken in the middle of the night , and walk down the long winding staircase of the beekman place apartment and through the large cavernous hall that led to her father 's study .
she had not realized how much she had missed this place .
i 'll stay there with you tonight , and we 'll have a radio car stationed at the driveway leading to your place .
there 's always a party going on at his place .
unlike mommie's - boy max , who still lived at home with eve , lexi had her own place on the upper east side and reveled in her independence .
tommy king went to visit agent edwards at his place on long island , a huge french country pile paid for by the girl 's grateful father .
he 'd been in cape town for a week , during which time he 'd been mugged at gunpoint , had his wallet and passport stolen , developed a mysterious stomach bug that had him on his knees over the toilet bowl every night , and failed to find a place to live .
he and lefu were moving into their own place a few blocks away .
the media had driven her out of her old place .
when father dies , i ' m going to strip this place bare and start again .
she waved a scornful hand in the air , ' if i had any money , do you think i 'd be living in a place like this ? '
` ` shall i pick you up at your place ? ''
our families were neighbors at a summer place we had in maine .
he spent the first night at her uncomfortable little apartment and in the morning he declared , ` ` we 're taking the day off to find you a decent place to live . ''
you wo n't have to worry about a place to live .
constantin demiris had arranged a private plane for her , and a place to live .
c : i asked him why he was being so kind to me , why he gave me the job here and a place to live .
we can have dinner at my place .
without money and a car and a place to hide out , she would have no chance .
she made two resolutions : in the morning she would move to a cheaper place and she would find a job .
she had no place to go .
home was a warm , safe place where his mother loved him more than she loved anyone else in the world .
` ` i have n't had a chance to look for a place to live . ''
` ` we 'll get her on her feet , and find her a place to live , and she 'll have a new job ! ''
` ` you 'll stay here until we find a place for you and the children to live , and when you 're well enough , you 're going to have a job here at the hospital . ''
` ` can we go to your place , ken ? ''
we 'll have a nice quiet dinner and then we 'll go back to your place for a nightcap .
as they were leaving the party , jim cleary asked softly , ` ` would you like to stop off at my place ?
` ` will you stop by my place ? ''
` ` and that 's the only time you ' ve been to his place ? '
why do n't we stop up at my place ? ''
why do n't we stop at my place ?
` ` why do n't you and i go back to your place ? ''
i ' m able to give them a comfortable place to work or to jive , a place where they can raise families and have decent lives .
i ' m able to give them a comfortable place to work or to jive , a place where they can raise families and have decent lives .
i felt the town needed more places for them to live .
she continued to collect the rents for sean macallister because she needed a place to live , but she had to steel herself to go into his office and face him .
` ` your new employees are going to need places to live in glace bay , '' she told charles cohn .
he was alone in the world with no place to go and no one to turn to .
i have an apartment on fifty - seventh street ... '' ` ` i think you might be more comfortable at my place , darling .
she could invite men up to her place and have them spend the night .
aaron berkley and norman mathews and lucas pinkerton turned the place upside down trying to find out who the culprit was , but no one knew anything .
` ` but i think it would be best if alex and i had our own place . ''
` ` you 'll need a place to live .
i ' m looking for a place to stay for a few days . ''
you 'll get a cadet 's pay and a place to live .
i knew patty and the rosses were looking for a place , so i suggested that they look at the house i was going to take , and if they liked it , i would let them have it .
it 's neat in the cluttery way only fastidious folks who ' ve lived their whole lives in one place can manage .
we can hear the place creaking and groaning .
` ` how did you find my place ? ''
from what he could see the furniture was old and tattered , yet the place was clean and cozy , the tranquillity shattered by the sight of an old man sprawled across a threadbare carpet , a large splotch of crimson leading from two holes in the skull .
they had purchased the place for $ 28 million shortly after their momentous wedding six years earlier , then spent another $ 10 million or so bringing it up to designer - magazine quality .
when he verbally agreed to take 5d , for $ 5,100 a month for a year , beginning on june 15 , bennie dispatched a team of technicians to ` ` decorate '' the place two weeks before kyle was scheduled to move in .
` ` what about my place ?
we hung around for a few minutes , waited for the cops to clear out , then elaine tells me she wants to leave , wants to go back to our place for a ` ` session , '' as she liked to call it .
peckham could expect to earn at least that much for the rest of his career , so he could afford a nice place .
the peckhams had a place in east hampton .
kyle described his place as a dump with almost no furnishings , lukewarm water , bugs , and uninsulated walls .
she 's in new york looking for a job , and , well , i got ta say , the place is cramped . ''
i ' ve managed to locate these devices by pretending to do all sorts of routine chores around the place , cleaning vents , washing windows , scrubbing floors .
` ` you people pay five hundred bucks for a lousy divorce and you think you own the place ! ''
they got lost four times between the airport and neptune beach , then meandered through the streets for an hour before stumbling on trevor 's house , a place his mother had n't seen in six years .
the place had been abandoned , but long before its owner fled the dishes had collected in the sink , the garbage had gone unattended , the vacuum had n't left the closet .
adam could not imagine life in this place with no air conditioning .
` ` where 's their place ? ''
i ' ve done some motions for him , just in case i leave this place .
` ` i told sam that you and i went to the old family place .
i ' m staying at her place . ''
lived on our place .
he spent a few minutes organizing the place - plugging in the fan and television , stacking his books neatly as if they would be used , checking to see if the toilet flushed and the water ran .
let 's walk to our place , '' he said , waving toward downtown .
judging from the cups and popcorn on the floor , the place got swept once a week .
i 'll be in late tuesday evening , and i 'd like a date at a very nice restaurant , after which we can go back to my place for an intellectual discussion and animal sex .
her place , his place , the law school , the hotels she 's been to , the bomb site , a few little bars she enjoys as a student . ''
her place , his place , the law school , the hotels she 's been to , the bomb site , a few little bars she enjoys as a student . ''
` ` place was like a tropical forest . ''
her father 's shadow was too mammoth for his children to survive in such a small place .
later , in the ladies ' rest - room , she said she would feel safer if one of her girlfriends would spend the night at her place , but she did not say what worried her .
about twice a month , ron would stagger up to the door , drunk and disheveled , and beg bruce to give him a place to sleep .
luckily , he had escaped in time and now needed a place to live .
by walking a few steps from his garage apartment to the back alley , he could actually see debbie 's place , and by walking a few steps down his mother 's driveway , he could see glenna 's home .
when ron was paroled from prison in october 1986 , he had no place to live .
he testified that he 'd seen ron on the porch at dennis 's place , and that he knew for a fact that the two had taken a trip together to texas in the summer of 1982 .
when peterson finally decided to move on , he had no place to go .
the yard , the most cherished area at the old place , was nothing but a concrete box much smaller than a tennis court .
when he was released from the hospital , annette searched for a place to put him .
when he found out she had a family and was homeless , he invited them to his place and offered the spare bedroom upstairs .
once he grew bored with a new place , or wore out his welcome , the phone calls would start , and annette would scramble to find another facility willing to care for him .
` ` my wife and i have a place in the country . ''
i ' m supposed to go to his place tomorrow at noon .
` ` how long does it take you to get from your place to the embassy ? ''
and a nervous owner who kept racing around telling everybody we were his best friends and probably his american relatives , who would be at his place with bazookas the minute he called us , anytime he was in trouble ?
we 'll have a few drinks at my place . ''
i do n't know what happened at your place last night or at the orly airport annex field - and i ' m not sure i want to know - but if you have any plans for this morning , scratch them , and that 's an order ! ''
reynolds was acting solo because he 'd been spotted in the street outside of my place and wanted to make up for it .
and i said , ` ` no , old buddy , i ' ve put a lot of my per die ms into the european markets , and he said , ` ` let 's have lunch , or dinner , or stay at my place for as long as you like . ''
` ` she said that i gotmarried so i 'd have a place to go and someone tofix the meals - and do the laundry , and eliminate theirritating , time - consuming foolishness that goes withfinding someone to sleep with .
` ` he was supposed to be staying at your place . ''
do you have a place tostay ?
all theywant to do is get to our place and make love .
i need tofind another place to stay just until tomorrowmorning .
he 's staying at my place . ''
small jars , broken bottles , prosthetics were all over the place .
the place was a mess , undoubtedly unsafe .
' noah is the reason i ' m in this situation , the reason i ' m here without a place to go . '
he was a prisoner of the one place he wanted most desperately to leave .
more than a home , it was her sanctuary , a place where she could curl up on the chenille sofa , a snifter of amber brandy in her hand , and lose herself in a good novel .
yes , i ' m sure i can find a place . ''
though there was a distinctly masculine feel to the place - whiskey - colored leather sofa , burly woods , deep hues on the walls - bourne could n't help but suspect a female touch in the accessories , the pewter candelabra with ivory - colored candles half burned down , the delicate swirl of moroccan lamps , mexican kitchen tiles bright as a tropical bird 's plumage .
he held no desire to find a place from which he could never return .
` ` we can go to my place , '' devra offered .
` ` since we ca n't go back to the apartment , '' gala said , ` ` we 'll crash at my girlfriend 's place .
the hotel is full and i wondered- ' ' you need a place to crash ?
' it was a sudden trip and i ' ve no place to stay .
' i ' m not sure i do , either , but drive by the house as if you were going to somebody else 's place .
there was no answer at your place , so i called him . ''
` ` first , you and i will go over to your place while rachel goes upstairs and packs .
i 'll wrap it all up and have one of cactus 's boys deliver the package to your place , to the security gate .
my aged new friend can go back and live what 's left of his life in paris , whereas i have no place to go but boston and the few opportunities i ' ve developed over the years to eke out a living .
my folks got a place -- '' ` ` the point is , '' interrupted bourne , ` ` everything 's getting back to normal .
on that score and not lying , if i live through the day , i ' m having dinner with mo panov at his place tonight .
` ` i ran into a friend last night , '' he continued in flawless french , ` ` and i stayed at her place .
then he explained that his place had twenty guards who could take out one of my balls at four hundred yards , along with a kitchen and room service and television for the kids that i could n't match . ''
` ` mo and i will take a taxi out to your place , and your husband and i will drive back here .
it never even occurred to me to say anything about tannenbaum 's place , and sykes did n't press me because he obviously figured it had something to do with the horrible things that had happened .
` ` i 'll find another place . ''
but the place looked as though he had just moved in and might be moving out at any minute .
` ` i need a place to stay tonight .
` ` he arrived in the trunk , and i left him at your place . ''
with no place to call home , the sway family now lived in room 943 of st . peter 's charity hospital .
` ` not really , but i have no place else to go . ''
we find a good job for the mother , and get them a nice place to live .
at first , and under the circumstances , the idea was attractive - they would simply move to a new city with new names and a new job and a decent place to live .
what happens to them when he 's released from the hospital and they have no place to go ? ''
his favorite place was a seedy roadhouse halfway between new orleans and houma , the site of the landfill .
barry said he remembered the place being a mess , and clifford obviously had been too busy to tidy things up before he passed on .
green valley was a picture - perfect colonial town and the kramer house was a neat old place in an expensive part of it .
it was the kind of place you would have wanted your grandparents to live .
` ` this is my place and i do n't want you in it . ''
with it being a closed case , we figured you would n't want to clutter your place up with those plaster casts you made .
we need to get places faster and fight smarter .
we 'll probably have to sell her place .
for months now it had been accepted that they would rent some place until some distant , unimaginable point in the future when they achieved affluence and would then qualify for a large mortgage .
tonight he and his lovely , and i do mean lovely , wife , abby , will eat ribs at the rendezvous , and of course tomorrow night is dinner at my place .
tonight he will have dinner with lamar and kay quin , and then tomorrow night is the dinner at my place .
` ` does he realize how permanent this place is ? ''
` ` what about the dinner at my place ? ''
we 'll turn the place inside out .
the place was dark , not even a porch light to welcome him home , which made him think sophia must still be at the lab .
he had seen her first in the nih lab where she had castigated a careless researcher , and he had been shocked to meet her again at her sister 's place , but those two encounters had been enough to know he wanted to spend time with her .
his car was hidden in the garage of an empty house three blocks away , and he had entered jon 's place by picking the lock on the back door .
' i did n't make up the rules , i simply got you a place to stay . '
' and with that heat set off every alarm in the place including the sprinkler system ?
i have a feeling that all hell 's broken loose , but call from one of these phones , not my place , if it 's going to be my place .
i have a feeling that all hell 's broken loose , but call from one of these phones , not my place , if it 's going to be my place .
always urged me to stay at his place if i were ever in northern italy .
` ` this was your dad 's place ? ''
owns a place somewhere up in the mountains , some kind of lex luthor hideaway , i like to think .
the last place he 'd been sleeping was a rehab unit on w street .
it would have been easy , in the midst of such dismal surroundings , to let the place go , to let the files and papers pile up , to clutter his office and blame it on being overworked and understaffed .
get an airplane , buy a nice boat , a condo on the beach , a place in aspen , all the toys .
they could buy a place in tuscany or maui or anywhere she wanted .
she wanted the freedom of living in two places , hers and his , and since her old flat was quite cramped clay had agreed to put her up in nicer digs .
two years before i arrived in clanton he hired a sixteen - year - old black kid named sam ruffin to unpack inventory , move stock , clean the place , answer the phone .
many of the rooms were bare ; it would take years to properly decorate the place , and it would require the assistance of someone with far more knowledge and taste than i possessed .
mcnatt had been in her office that morning , inspecting the place , talking with her boss and coworkers , making sure everyone felt safe .
i became consumed with the dream of walking away , of taking a sabbatical to some place i 'd never been , of seeing the world .
after his second divorce , he moved to clanton in the mid - sixties , looking for a place to start over .
i was delighted that the rest of the family preferred staying at my place .
which is why i strongly suggest you find a new place to stay tonight .
i 'll work out the procedures and get you a place to stay . ''
he needed a place to stay .
it was the dwelling place of someone who demanded the finest things .
fowler wants us to get together at his place in about twenty minutes .
` ` the place is no doubt alarmed , so let 's break through a patio or a kitchen door and i 'll take the heat from whoever shows up .
tear the place apart and try to find a first - aid kit .
angela chadwick hung up , remade the bed , picked up her handbag , and left the apartment to return to her own place on the other side of the brandenburg gate .
that 's when i found your place .
` ` and this is n't even your place , right ? ''
he had lived in sao paulo , his first home there , and recife and minas gerais and half a dozen other places .
another deal was proposed whereby we would , for another fifty thousand bucks , get the name and location of a place lanigan had lived after he left itajai .
no doubt rapley was locked away in his attic , a place the rest of the world preferred him to be .
he looked at quaint apartments above the ancient , narrow streets and thought , yes , this would be a nice place to live .
the place was remarkably neat and clean .
` ` nice place you have here , '' i say .
he 's passing through town and needs a place to stay .
i cajole him into sitting on the broken front steps and talking , to the camera , about all the places he and gene lived .
we 'll probably use the yacht to dive around the islands , and for a long dinner or two , but for the first day or so we 'll stay at my place .
in addition to the money , she receives from me a commitment to assist with various chores around the place , -primarily lawn and garden work .
she cleaned the place herself ; scrubbed the floors and walls , moved as much junk as she could .
no , at your place .
moyer rattles away as we walk along a hallway , then pulls open a heavy door , and shows me to my place .
i ' m sitting on miss birdie 's patio like i own the place , reading the sunday paper , sipping coffee and enjoying a beautiful day .
i picked her up , and she 's hiding here at my place . ''
it was a temporary home , with the look of a place one might use for a month or two before leaving town in the middle of the night ; which was exactly what he had in mind .
she 'd shake down swanson for all she could , then maybe find another place to live , a larger flat with nicer friends who 'd keep the riffraff out .
he had to find a place to spend the night .
the task of hiding one 's place of residence from pursuers was not so unlike the task of hiding it from creditors or from the taxation powers of the state .
he moved into her flat near charonne ; to an impartial eye , it may have appeared small , spare , and dingy but it was still more appealing than his own place , from which he was about to be evicted .
this was the last place he knew she 'd gone .
the apartment was a place i had rarely seen in the light of day , and i could n't stand the thought of sitting by the fire and watching it snow .
` ` is there a place she can go to right now and live ? ''
how could four innocent children die in the streets , practically in the shadow of the capitol , because they had no place to live ?
you ' ve seen our place .
bachelorhood had been sprung suddenly upon me , and i had trouble contemplating the furnishing of a new place .
or get a place of her own .
the place was sterile .
` ` so you were happy with the place ? ''
just call me if you change shelters or find a place of your own . ''
i was amused at the sparse furnishings and determined to keep the place to myself .
she had been there for three months , could n't leave because there was no place to go .
one day last fall she whispered to nell cather that she had found a place to live , though it must be kept a secret .
` ` at their place .
it was foreseeable that our clients would be forced into the streets with no place to live , in february .
twenty minutes later , she walked into her new place , a mansion on a horse farm east of town where lew the liquidator was waiting with open arms and a prenuptial agreement .
it was almost dark when he unlocked the door on the sidewalk and trudged up the noisy steps to his place .
we walked around the place , kicked the tires , you know , whatta mess .
` ` okay , i need a place . ''
i could see myself in an airplane and a fancier sports car and a nicer place to live .
` ` but if you have no place ... '' ` ` we need a bed , and some privacy . ''
` ` he has another place ? ''
he 'd ordered hephaestion embalmed last fall so that he could be transported to a place where he could forever lie in peace .
alone , frightened , and broke , last year karyn had swallowed her pride and returned to the only place she 'd thought might provide some comfort .
set the shower running hard , throw a few bucketfuls of water around , get busy with a mop , and the place was safe again as fast as water drains down eighty - eight floors and away into the sewers .
they had never bought a place .
he had lived in places smaller than the refrigerator .
then he gave her the leather - bound folder and left her to scan through it while he fought the traffic in a narrow counterclockwise square that left them facing south on broadway , two blocks from her place .
the blind burned like it was incandescent and the walls picked it up and bounced it around until the whole place was glowing like a soft white explosion .
the places he stayed always had a room , no matter when .
the places he normally stayed , reception was behind a wire grille or boxed in with bulletproof plexiglas .
at first i figured it was because he came from some little place where he 'd never done anything or seen anything .
they were in manhattan within twenty minutes of touching down and heading south on broadway near her place within thirty .
but your friend jack reacher is probably in bed at your place , sleeping it off , while you 're here having fun with the rest of us .
` ` dinner , my place . ''
he spent time here , i spent time there , but we always kept separate places .
the subdivision was old enough that the trees and the foundation plantings were mature but new enough that the whole place still looked smart and well kept .
we come from a place where you 're not allowed to screw up .
if you had to live in one place and go to work every day , that was probably the way to do it .
seems like they socialized as a couple , mostly in a bar about ten miles from their place , out toward dulles .
just drove on and parked as near her place as she could get , which was two streets away .
there was a long straight driveway leading to an outbuilding big enough to have been a working barn back when work was done around the place .
the house was what seth duncan 's place might have been before the expensive renovations .
' so you want me to walk past their place ? '
maybe he 'll spend the night at his father 's place . '
only one old couple confessed they had n't checked properly , so the cops searched their place for themselves .
he asked her , ' they did n't go to your place ? '
and i ' m guessing this whole place felt a bit happier back then .
he jogged up the driveway and pushed in through the door like he owned the place , and reacher laid him out with a vicious blow to the back of the head , from behind , with the wrench .
` ` you 'll see my dad 's old place in a second .
either jack drove down the road to henry 's eccentric house , or he picked henry up and drove him back to his place .
` ` you 're coming to my place at three . ''
fred marshall is coming to jack 's place at three o'clock and they are going to see the mad housewife of robin hood lane .
` ` get in and i 'll give you a lift most of the way back to your place .
wendell imagines , overestimating , that ed 's old place is about a mile distant , and he wonders if his car could go the distance on this rough , uneven surface .
oh , i guess old miss graham and miss pentle call their place on the other side of the town library honeysuckle , because of the honeysuckle bushes all over the fence in front , but that 's the only one in these parts i ever heard named . ''
when we get back to my place , she goes to bed and stays there for three days .
` ` hey man , you got ta get over to my place , the sooner the better .
it makes him think of boys he once lived with long ago , in a place called the sunlight home .
mr . munshun comes from some place incredibly distant from french landing , and certain parts of black house , which they built together , feel like the world of his home the deepest parts , which charles burnside seldom visits , and which make him feel hypnotized , weak with longing , and sick to his stomach when he does .
the color is unusual , yes that dead black exterior , even the windows swabbed black and it has a crouching , leaning aspect that would raise uneasy thoughts about its structural integrity , but if one could appraise it with the glammer of those other worlds stripped away , it would look almost as ordinary as fred and judy 's place ... if not so well maintained .
it 's a place that is simultaneously sinister and oddly banal , a fitting mirror for the imagination of the old monster who has gone to earth here , who lies sleeping on the horsehair sofa with the front of his shirt turning a sinister red .
he had suspected that there might be bugs in the house , but he had never torn the place apart looking for them ( had he suspected he might find them ? ) .
so the place had all the amenities , even extending to a microwave oven in the kitchenette .
we 're going to talk about ways of throwing this whole place into confusion without locking all the doors the way the power blackout did .
all that remained of the house on the other side was smoky rubble ; it was as if the place had been hit by a large incendiary bomb or a world war ii v - rocket .
irv had told her he had gone through most of world war ii with nothing much to show for it except a case of roaring hemorrhoids ; it took being at home at his place in hastings glen to get shot up .
it was neat ; i hate to come home to a messy place .
my place is in such a mess that i need a break from looking at boxes . ''
` ` i ran into roe teagarden in the grocery , and asked her if i could come over here to relax a little since my place is such a mess .
` ` arthur is a little resentful that this robin spent the afternoon at your place , and robin 's trying to decide whether he likes you well enough to keep up the beginning of your relationship in view of arthur 's slight proprietary air .
so far i like it here just as well as the place i was living before .
` ` i did n't have the chance to say anything the other night when we met at my place .
i rabbited away to my place to put the keys to the crandalls ' apartment on my official key ring , and though i needed to hurry back to the library , i took an extra minute to label them .
your honey , the cop , was at my place this afternoon .
but i wanted to leave that building and go home more than i wanted anything else , and with luck , we could repeat the scene at my place with amenities handy .
` ` i just finished work and got back to my place .
it would have been beneath mother 's dignity to avoid the sight of phillip , but having made a point of talking to him once or twice , she usually stayed away while he was at my place .
i 'd finished my meal while phillip was relating his long story , so i scraped my plate and put it in the dishwasher ( robin was due in a few minutes , and i wanted the place to look neat ) .
i was just on my way over to your place ! ''
that had been the golf bag bankston was carrying into his place on wednesday , so long after my lunch hour he had n't expected me to be around at all , much less popping out of the crandalls ' gate .
bankston snatched phillip on impulse when they should have waited and picked a victim from at least across town ... if he 'd really been intelligent , he would have known taking phillip from the same place he himself lived , then keeping him in the townhouse instead of getting him out to melanie 's place ... well , maybe they would ' ve smuggled him out , but you started looking too soon , and they did n't even consider you having keys . ''
my mother wanted me to come home with her , but i was going to tell her i 'd rather be in my own place , i decided , depending on how sore i was in the morning .
after you saw bankston carrying them into his place - he 'd just showered over at melanie 's after killing the buckleys , and he was going to get the clubs out of his car at a time when he thought no one would be out and about at the apartments - he got scared and ditched the bag , the only distinctive thing about the set , the next dark night .
tonight i was ready to shoot him when i saw him charging into waites 's place with a shotgun , but jed crandall 's wife was running out of her gate saying , ` ` my husband and mr . crusoe have gone down in bankston waites 's basement to catch the murderer ! ''
i tried to remember how messy the place was .
i could ' ve made it by myself on my librarian 's salary , though it would have been hard , but having the resident manager 's job and therefore a free place to live and a little extra salary had certainly made a big difference .
i dragged myself out of mother 's house and drove over to my own place .
i decided i 'd leave her here for the night and call parnell from my place .
a place is n't really yours until you clean it .
it was time to go back to my place .
as a matter of fact , we 're leaving town tomorrow for two weeks , going to our summer place at beaufort , south carolina , and we were going to check her back in the vet 's , just to make sure everything went okay .
she had a little place not quite as nice as jane 's , in a neighborhood where the lawns were n't kept as well .
my resident manager 's eye told me that the whole place needed painting .
despite the immeasurable difference loving parents would have made , i could not see this place as anything but lonely and bleak .
he took off back to work , and i was going to my favorite paint / carpet / wallpaper store , total house , to start the julius place on its road to becoming our house .
` ` it 's the nicest place we ' ve lived in years , '' she said unexpectedly .
so i moved from new orleans - i 'd been sharing a place with my sister - and came up here .
and martin had gone to stay on that isolated farm in ohio with a man he hated , just to have a familiar place to recover .
` ` i want to have lunch with you at my place or your place soon , okay ?
` ` i want to have lunch with you at my place or your place soon , okay ?
after the squalor of the harbors ' place , craig 's brother 's home was almost painfully respectable .
` ` since that night at your place .
remember , if the wynns need a place to stay , the door is open .
robin 's mother was at his place , and i hated to butt in on their time together ; plus , it would n't make a good impression , would it - calling robin to come help me , when his mom was in residence ?
trashed her place ?
` ` yeah , he 's over at our place , too .
' ca n't wait ' til i move out and get my own place . '
' you know , that 's another thing about your place . '
' you know , my place is n't far .
' you unpack just enough to make the place livable , and then leave everything stacked in the closet until you move again . '
they were the most lived - in part of the place : packed with old cloth - bound hardbacks and dog - eared novels , cluttered with photos and mementos .
' what about at his place ? '
i look at elise 's animated expression , her arms flung wide to illustrate her story , and see an alternate version of my life unfold for the first time : the version where i have a place to sit at lunch , a partner in the lab , after - school plans that count for something more than curling in our living room , alone , eating take - out pizza to the lonely sound of the tv .
his parents are in dc for some charity fund - raiser , and we have the place to ourselves .
for me , home was just a house we lived in , a place my parents picked , and decorated , and filled with the noise of endless renovations and upgrades to the things we did n't need but somehow were necessary now that we were rich .
detectives were just here at my place . ''
not to mention my place smells like death warmed over .
` ` admittedly , i thought you would meet in the woods , or call me over to your place .
` ` anya , the government will give you a new identity , a new place to live .
then take you back to my place .
` ` then let 's do it at your place next time .
approaching my mother 's house , i could n't help but ruminate on what this place had once been .
could ' ve used you , vince , but since you do n't have a phone it 's a lot easier to call doug than drive six miles out to your place . ''
last thing we need to do is bust in there with a swat team and tear the place apart .
and my love for the place only grew when i discovered ryland living in it , a guy who seemed just about as broken as me .
he has social anxiety and a bit of agoraphobia because of something that has happened to him in his life - he 's never given me the exact details , only that he never can leave this place .
i ' m hoping not because i need this place .
i should leave , but instead i find myself wandering around the side of the complex and to the back door of bella 's place .
i do n't know how to process this information , but every time i shut my eyes i end up back at her place , surrounded by blood and no body .
i 'll get my own place .
over the next couple of days , i start looking for places to live and a new job , one that will satisfy my darker cravings , one where i can start over , and get some help from someone who is n't my mother .
` ` we could go to my place and talk for a little while , if you want . ''
` ` you know the police were called out to your place today , '' he says as he cranes the wheel and turns onto the road with the windshield wipers on high as the rain pours down from the cloudy sky .
i ' m hiding out in the back room and i need you to drive me to my place so i can get some stuff and then go to the bus station .
` ` when you get out , you can always stay with me until you find a place , '' he says , brushing a strand of black hair out of my eyes and tucking it behind my ear .
briggs was at our place when we got the coordinates .
` ` you live at judd 's place , right ? ''
a place i had come to think of as my spiritual home was under threat - from the carriage - gun , the musket ball or maybe just the scratch of a quill .
a shipload of the king 's sailors showed up a fortnight back , causing trouble and knocking about like they own the place . ''
a man who stood by my side on the jackdaw day after day and demanded no great prizes , no rich - making haul , demanded little but the respect he deserved , enough of the shares to live on , a place to rest his head , and a meal made by a cook without a nose .
when there was no answer at his door , charles wasted no time kicking it down , and we hurried in , only to find that the place had been ransacked .
but then , paola 's place had kept a pretty discreet shopfront .
first of all , i want this place thoroughly cleaned up , redecorated , improved in every way .
` ` we 'll go to my brother 's place .
the furniture in the reception room had been overturned and the place was a mess .
` ` this is my own place , '' said leonardo proudly .
katie was usually one of three places at bobby o'donnell 's place in the early days of her and brendan 's relationship , in the apartment she 'd grown up in on buckingham avenue with her father , stepmother , and two half sisters , or in the apartment above where a shitload of her crazy uncles lived , two of whom , nick and val , were legends of psychosis and really , really bad impulse control .
* * * they dropped brendan back at his place around one , the kid having aced the polygraph four times , and then whitey dropped sean back at his apartment , told him to get some sleep , they 'd be up early .
celeste had told theo she 'd get over to annabeth 's right away , and that 's where she 'd been , except for a catnap back at her own place between three and six this morning , since the phone call .
16 good to see you , too dave was walking michael back from school when they turned the corner and saw sean devine and another guy leaning against the trunk of a black sedan parked in front of the boyles ' place .
i was helping a buddy move a couch into his place , slammed it against the doorjamb squeezing the couch up a staircase . ''
` ` he dropped by my place . ''
what was he doing at your place , dave ? ''
sandy said he sometimes crashed at her place .
it only added to the sense one got of the flats as a place cloaked from the rest of the world , tucked under it like a banished tribe , free to live any way it chose as long as it did so in exile .
and that was one of the great things about a place like the flats , the thing he feared would be lost the way old feelings and entire pasts could be laid to rest with time , as you aged , once you realized that everything was changing and the only things that remained the same were the people you 'd grown up with and the place you 'd come from .
they 'd save a place for him .
it 's not the view they had from the apartment on buttonwood , but the view of another place they stayed once , a cabin .
it 's a hospital and it 's a prison , no different from your place , ' and he shakes his head .
when we realized there was no room for a file cabinet , i hauled all the old files back to my place .
` ` thanks , father , '' i said , ` ` but i think if i can walk to the bedroom , i can walk across the street to my own place . ''
` ` ok if i take him back to his place , father ? ''
` ` you have a very nice place here . ''
she visited him a lot when he was in juvie lockup at wildwood , and some say he 'd drop by her place every now and then , leave her some cash .
the blue malibu jerome 's friends had been sitting on when i went to jenna 's place .
the whole place looks smaller , the moody dark hues that pooled in shadows around shafts of faded sunlight have been replaced with glaring bright lights and an ambience of faked happiness .
` ` first house roland 's boys hit was a place i keep on warren .
when we reached my place , angie went straight to the fridge , took a bottle of zinfandel from the door .
i ' m here till at least early tomorrow morning , but call me at my place tomorrow night .
` ` when he said he 'd be dropping by your place .
i called richie colgan again , got his voice mail , left a message , and then there was nothing left to do but shower and shave and go meet grace at her place .
and after that , i ' m going to drop by your woman 's place and kill her and her little girl .
an agent drove phil home at eight , and angie , devin , oscar , and i headed to my place so i could fill an overnight bag .
back at my place , we settled into the kitchen while i pulled clothes from my dryer and stuffed them into a gym bag .
` ` last night at your partner 's place ?
the second was his apartment , and it would have been more comfortable , i suppose , but he 'd covered everything in quilts in anticipation of his yearlong departure , and besides , the place was mined with explosives .
` ` and i want to break into jay becker 's place . ''
we ran with that until we found a parking space , another place we 'd call home had we lived there .
and jay 's place , while far more plushly materialistic than my own , was still pretty impersonal .
from my place , we drove down columbia road past several onlookers who were probably wondering who was getting married or which high school was holding a prom in mid - march at nine in the morning .
` ` i say we call him when we get to jay 's place .
she had no place to go and no money .
we 'd sunk as low as possible in our seats so we could get a clear view of the bedroom and living room windows of jay 's place , and in the time we 'd been here , we 'd seen two figures - one male , one female - pass the windows .
` ` are the police monitoring the phones at her place in case there 's a ransom demand ? ''
we 're going over to her brother 's place in a few minutes , and we 're going to tear her a new asshole for lying to us .
` ` ray stopped at a friend 's place .
people saw me coming and sidestepped my lumbering steps and swinging arms , and i mumbled a whole stream of words i 'd never learned from my mom and pushed through the gilt - edged front doors of devonshire place .
i 'd moved the car to the fourth story of the pi alley garage and pointed it toward devonshire place .
because my father was an asshole and my home was a constant police action , and most of the time finding a place to hide was how my sister and i spent our lives , and that did n't seem much like living .
for a place to live .
karen was always at his place , according to her roommate , only came home to pick up clothes and mail . ''
` ` you 'll sleep at my place , '' bubba said , ` ` eat with me , drink with me , and i 'll be with you in court .
he kept a loft on 25 sleeper street and another place on congress .
the day i 'd broken into his place and hacked his computer , i 'd placed an audio transmitter the size of a grain of sea salt under his media console and another in his bedroom .
he had the white colonial in dover and the summer place in vineyard haven .
` ` tell her she has a place to stay .
i was n't sick , because when you leave a house where your mother never cleans and there 's roaches and roach bacteria everywhere and rotten food fermenting in the sink - when you leave a place like that , you tend to feel better .
` ` heard you just moved into a new place , by the way . ''
they fixed up the place a bit and gave every room a fresh coat of paint and hung the curtains aunt marta had given them as a wedding present .
normally a place that had been this fucked - up by neglect and then fire and water damage , the first thing you 'd do would be to gut it to its skin .
` ` and by tomorrow , you 'll thank me , because we 'll have us a nice place to live again . ''
luther had never met old deval in the flesh , but he 'd passed his place enough back when he 'd lived here to know deval always kept a few heaps for sale on his front lawn .
tuesdays and thursdays , he went to his woman 's place out in the sticks , an old sharecropper 's shack , and his men would wait in the yard while he went about his business and came out two hours later , tucking in his shirt .
i had often , when at home , thought it hard to remain during my youth cooped up in one place , and had longed to enter the world , and take my station among other human beings .
she 'd warned that vampires could teleport to any place they 'd been to previously .
he appeared proud , as he should with a place like this .
he figured she was worried about finding a place for their daily death - sleep .
that thought made her glance toward grant 's dark cottage on the other side of theirs as she briefly wondered if the noise she 'd heard had n't come from his place .
` ` yes , well , as you said , this place is n't exactly your average cottage , '' mortimer said dryly as he turned from closing the door and glanced around again .
he decided a proper headquarters was the solution and has arranged for the purchase of a house not far from his place on the outskirts of toronto .
he 'd been like a big brother when i first moved here from europe , putting me up , helping me find a place and settle in .
then i realized the half a dozen towels i grabbed from my place last night were n't going to last long , and then i thought of linens for the kitchen , and ... '' she shrugged wryly .
she knew it was a dream because she was back at the party at sam and mortimer 's place , but the dream was a little different than the reality had been .
` ` yeah , the party at your sister 's place , '' she explained , and then added , ` ` i fed charlie this morning and took him for a walk , but he 'll be wanting more food soon .
` ` sam 's place . ''
supposedly , in this blinding rage , you transported her to your car , got inside , drove her to your place , and took her down into your basement and killed her ... without ever coming out of your blinding rage .
did you take control of her and keep that control as you drove to your place ?
he 'd spent the last fifty - plus years always moving , never staying in one place for long .
i think he was drugged and he and the woman taken back to his place , the woman killed and placed in his lap for decker to find .
` ` so , why is my dog at your place , anders ? ''
we figured since charlie liked him , and anders did n't mind , he could keep charlie at his place until you returned to us . ''
there were probably eyes peering out the windows of every house she was passing and fingers excitedly punching in numbers on phones as word spread about the super - cool motorcycle that just rode past their place .
i realized then that he 'd probably wanted to move out and have his own place for centuries , but had felt in some twisted way that he owed me . ''
armand was good enough to put mary and me up at the farm until we bought a place of our own .
they drove past john and agnes maunsell 's place on the way back to the farm , but while it was full dark out now , there were no lights on in the house and both the car and van were gone .
he 's probably been to your place and left by now , '' she added with a frown .
he 'd been pretty hyped about having his own place .
` ` while he was out working so hard tilling the soil , she would ride into london and pick up a man and then either go to his place or even sometimes bring him back to the farm and have sex with him .
` ` i considered seeing if we could stay with agnes and john , their place is bigger , but they 'll be sleeping and would n't hear the doorbell , so we 'll go stay with cedrick until i figure something else out .
` ` i ' m used to the grocery store by my place .
` ` i could take him over to her place in a van , park on the road , and have him sleep in the back , '' bricker suggested .
` ` because i 'll stop by his place on the way home and give him a read , see if it was him or not , '' bricker said as he watched cale set the last empty bag in the cooler with the others , and then move to sit at the table .
then she would get dressed before cale woke and wake him to suggest they head to her place .
maybe go to my place ? ` `
` ` then maybe we should drink up and go to my place , '' he suggested , his fingers reaching and brushing , light as a feather , against the material of her panties .
once they got to his place , he would calmly and methodically caress her and prove to himself that he was n't experiencing her pleasure .
` ` you 're that vamp guy who rents a room next door to my buddy owen 's place . ''
` ` yeah , i need you down here at my place .
it was an awesome experience and anders had been seriously considering putting in a pool at his place with the same setup .
he and his mother had only once dared stay in one place long enough for things like that and this had n't been that time .
it was the only place they 'd stayed more than a handful of weeks and he knew the only reason they 'd stayed there so long was that his mother had n't had the heart to drag him away from the only friend he 'd managed to make during his lonely childhood of running and hiding .
pedro planned to be a brave knight and lord to his people , and anders dreamed of a day when he would slay the evil alecto , avenging his father and ensuring his mother would n't have to run and hide anymore and they could stay in one place at least for more than a matter of weeks .
` ` my place , '' he said and got out of the car , leaving her to follow .
but now that you know about us , we could stay at my place .
on the other hand , staying at his place would have some benefits .
` ` you decided to stay at my place ? ''
` ` we 're going to your place tonight ? ''
she was always so nice to us when we were growing up and mom brought us to her place . ''
they stayed at his place .
the only other place magnus had to go was the mansion he had perhaps rashly purchased in grosvenor square .
of the many places he had lived , magnus found his paris house to be one of the most pleasing abodes .
there was a musty smell about the place , a mix of damp , smoke , mold , and a few unemptied chamber pots , some of which sat in the halls .
it was , of course , rather odd for a lady to be opening her own front door , but from the look of the place , magnus assumed the entire staff of servants had been given the decade off .
the only place her kind could congregate was mirso monastery , for most of them a last resort when ennui or the insanity of eternal life had made them unfit for the world .
` ` i have places to be .
she slapped the light switch on and lookedaround as if she 'd never seen the place before.what did she need - and why did she always keepit so messy ?
the place looked as if it had never known warmth or softcolor .
` ` thanks for letting us crash at your place , '' i said , not wanting to have to go back downstairs and grab a bus .
` ` you 're not going to take rachel alone to your place '' jenks threatened .
also , for al its messiness , the place had an air of being put away .
i could keep this place a secret , but why ?
i was leaving the only place i 'd ever known , the place that had been home my entire life .
i was leaving the only place i 'd ever known , the place that had been home my entire life .
the prince who lived here either had a lot of servants to keep this place up and running , or he was incredibly dedicated to cleaning .
for just a moment , he looked like the boy i 'd left in eden , hopeful and determined , only wanting a home and a safe place for his family .
i headed over to his place and let myself in with my key .
back at my place , i kept an eye on the clock , trying to gauge how long it would take sydney to get to her room and go to sleep .
` ` you are n't staying at your parents ' place ? ''
` ` or if you want something quieter , we could just go back to my place and talk . ''
we can get her back to my place and make sure she does n't remem- '' you are not vulnerable .
adrian had shown up , drunk , and i 'd ended up taking him back to his place , where we 'd been caught in a blackout .
so i got ms . terwilliger to convince wolfe to leave the machine at her place , in case we needed him again .
i mean , what we did yesterday at your place ... well , maybe it was a ' physical act of passion , ' but it was also very creative .
i want you - just you - over at my place , where i ' m going to cook you the most amazing dinner you ' ve ever had by someone who ca n't really cook .
adrian had told me how she 'd come over to his place yesterday , and i watched as she leveled glares at me and the guys .
` ` i ' m sure there 's plenty at my place . ''
' back at my place , then .
` ` got no place else to be .
he would be bound to ask why i did n't go back to his place , and i did n't want to tell him that i 'd stayed in the theater and spied on him .
i have to ... go to my parents ' place tomorrow morning , that 's all . ''
` ` come to my parents ' place with me . ''
` ` teren is taking me up to his parents ' place for the weekend . ''
we decided ... well , he decided and i grudgingly agreed , that he would pick me up at my place after work friday night .
the center dwelling was a huge two - story building that was maybe twice the size of teren 's place .
we went to his parents ' place over the weekend and had a horrid time and we fought constantly and it 's just completely over . ''
i had a momentary second of panic at the thought of that wild , black - haired beauty tracking me , if my reaction had been a little more extreme at his parents ' place .
i set my purse down on the table as we walked through the formal dining room , that now looked small and cozy in comparison to his parents ' place .
after leaving mom and ashley 's , i drove straight to teren 's place .
we 'd never gone back to his parents ' place since ` ` the weekend . ''
` ` you just agreed to go to my parents ' place this weekend . ''
teren seemed in a more upbeat mood when he picked me up the next night to head over to his parents ' place .
i suddenly remembered his fangs dropping down at just seeing the carafe at his parents ' place , and i got really scared that teren was going to lose himself to this craving , and expose himself to my easily freak - outable friend .
` ` i was eating that steak and thinking about how , if we were at my parents ' place , i could have a glass of blood with it . ''
sometimes ashley slept there , when she stayed over on nights she was too tired to go back to her place with mom , but mostly the room was empty , the door closed .
i rang my sister and asked her to come over to my place ... without mom .
i had ash hide the dress for me at her place , which was my old place .
i had ash hide the dress for me at her place , which was my old place .
the side buildings were low and long one - stories , while the main building was a huge two - story dwelling that dwarfed teren 's place .
he walked hot ben to his car , explaining that he wanted to do this at our place and ben should follow us over there .
pushing aside my fears , and my abhorrence at the thought of giving birth , literally , the old fashioned way , i told the receptionist that i was having a home birth at my in - laws place and had found a clinic closer to their location .
if and when i decided to come back , she 'd find a place for me ... somewhere .
cursing the must - have - been - stoned architect that had designed this place , i had no complaints in me when teren finally scooped me into his arms , carrying me down the seemingly endless hallway to where our guest room was .
we got married in an ideal ceremony at his parents ' place , a ranch where the vampires could leave in peace , without fear of being discovered .
staring up at my mom 's place , a cute little one story rambler that she used to share with my sister , ashley , before ash had moved into my old place , a surge of homecoming hit me .
staring up at my mom 's place , a cute little one story rambler that she used to share with my sister , ashley , before ash had moved into my old place , a surge of homecoming hit me .
even though the place was n't technically my childhood home , that one having burned down when i was young , this place had memories of me and mom and ash , and now memories of my children .
this was a place he obviously loved , a lifestyle that was completely natural on him .
our place was well spaced from our neighbors ' homes , so it was pretty easy to tell when someone was pulling into our drive and not next door 's .
` ` we have places to be . ''
gabriel 's home was even more impressive than the adams ' place .
` ` i 'll drive you to my place .
i shifted to look down the main road that led out of the area , back towards ben and tracey 's place .
once we got back to teren 's car , we gave ben a few minutes to calm down tracey enough to collect her , then started making our way to his place .
my mom never left our place , sticking to the kids like glue , but ash came and went for work and to see her boyfriend .
when we got back to our place by the bay , julian looked around .
her home would still have a nostalgic place in my dead heart , but mom was what mattered , and the warmth that i associated with her old place would follow her to the next place , even if that was her own wing at the new ranch .
it would be convenient to have a familiar home to go to when we came out to visit ashley and ben , and really , i was just too attached to the place to let it go .
hot ben got back , the two of them moved out of their tiny place and started renting the victorian that ashley had been living in .
halina had already informed them that they were getting their own place in utah ... preferably miles away .
teren and i were looking for places to live in utah too .
` ` well , yeah , i like it , but ... i want us to have our own place , our own lives . ''
` ` you call me when you get to the new place , '' she whispered , ` ` and i ' m coming up to visit the second i get back . ''
the rest of the cars had been shipped out to the new place weeks ago , and the ranch looked exceedingly empty as teren and i piled the kids into his prius .
` ` well , you 'll have a place to stayhere as long as youlike . ''
it was something icould tell he was contemplating -- a place to call home .
` ` you have a place to stay , a new best friend , and ... '' ` ` a girlfriend , '' a sweet , ethereal voice said .
i ' ve never had a place like that anywhere . ''
` ` but he 's giving us a place to stay -- '' onyx said defensively .
` ` this place is n't acceptable for you guys to sleep in .
` ` so i came to check out your place . ''
i have to set up my new place .
he decided a good body worshipping was in order last night , and i ended up staying at his place - a fact you would have known if you 'd actually been home yourself . ''
while their little places were neat and tidy , his was anything but .
we 'd either gone back to my place , or his plane , or whatever plush hotel he 'd rented for the night .
it had the reputation of being conservation - minded and neighborly , and was not the sort of place i figured a security - conscious , privacy - seeking billionaire would want to live .
he pulled to a halt in front of my place , leaving the car running as he glanced up at the old warehouse building .
` ` would you like to come to my place ?
` ` i have n't felt this good in a long time , '' she admitted , tidying up the countertop because she wanted raze to like her place and feel comfortable in it .
her new place was smaler than the one she 'd shared with janele .
while her previous home had been a riot of color , her new place was softly neutral with occasional dashes of blue .
imagining raze in her private space , a place she 'd yet to invite a romantic interest over to see , was deeply personal .
but she wanted him at her place and he was n't going to disappoint her or make her think he just wanted to get laid by changing the plans now .
otherwise , you would n't have been at her place this morning .
at least i ' ve got a place to go now , she thought .
he had learned there was a place where there was nothing , only stark , ugly emptiness and the burning desire for revenge .
` ` your place is wonderful .
you need a man and a place to stay .
i will ... but this will always be my favorite place to live .
he would bring the entire house down , have the police and immigration people swarming over the place in no time .
she knew aidan would never throw them out , but if the tension between alexandria and herself was not resolved , sooner or later she and stefan would have to find their own place .
i intend to establish a house high in the mountains , far from your place .
she would work it out another day - phone her landlady and get her place back .
he gave them things to do and a place to go when their parents were n't home or when there was trouble .
they can give you a place to stay for the night and a hot meal .
` ` i have asked him to find his own place as soon as he gets his bearings , but i will not force him to leave my home .
she was kind enough to give me a place to stay .
he had a place not too far from here that he often stayed in when we 'd spent too much time in the swamp .
who retreated to a place the size of an apartment building ?
i have n't had anyone telling me what to do since i was about twelve , and i ca n't imagine living in a place with rules - someone else 's rules .
little aroused his curiosity , yet this overwhelming drive to return to a place he 'd been a few times was disturbing on some level .
he did n't even have a place to keep the animals .
he had dozens throughout south america , places he could retreat to and rest in when necessary , but now , he understood what a home was .
i think his worm of a boss tried to get her place cheap and tony went along with it .
i travel too much , and it would be unfair to the dog but if i ever am lucky enough to call a place home , i will have several .
` ` do you have a place you are staying ? ''
i will see to it that we find you a place of your own .
she 'd been alert and waiting for death to come at any moment , listening to the quiet inside the strange place he 'd brought her , wondering if he merely slept outside the locked door of the bedroom or was deciding how best to dispose of her .
that was why he 'd brought her here , to this place he 'd never expected to return to again .
this brownstone mansion in boston 's back bay was the last place he wanted to be , but he could think of nowhere else that would be safe enough for tavia and far enough off - grid for him .
all of aunt sarah 's soft , ruffle - edged furniture and assorted knickknacks on every available surface , the very things that had long ago begun to make tavia yearn for a place of her own , with her own belongings arranged to her own taste , now felt as comfortable and welcome as the cocooning warmth of a fleece blanket .
` ` when i 'd go in for treatments at the clinic , they also used that time to harvest details about places i 'd been with the senator , security - sensitive things i 'd been privy to as his assistant .
` ` any kin at his place ? ''
there 's nothing sterile about this place and i like that there 's not .
` ` so who built your place then ? ''
her red hair is all over the place and her elbows are scuffed .
i mean , most of them , they want a nice place to live , clean clothes and so on . ''
chapter 5 she thought he would stalk off , offended , when they reached her place , but , to her surprise , he stuck with her .
sounded like you decided to rearrange the whole place . ''
` ` i 'll call from my place right now . ''
` ` we 'll go over to my place so you two can shower , and then we can go dancing .
esme had told him that she still came over every other day to clean and air out the rooms , but the house already had an abandoned smell even though lukas suspected there was n't a speck of dust to be found in the entire place .
` ` she should n't have come by your place like that , '' sean said in annoyance .
the satisfaction he got from bringing the old place back to life surprised him , considering that his childhood home did n't hold happy memories .
everything was a mess , like a hurricane had blown through the place .
i have a place in town .
i was sure he 'd planned on spending the night at my place .
and seeing him smile as he looked around the old place , i was more than ever sure that the unseen presence of the cluviel dor was the reason my two fairy kinsmen had come to stay with me , rather than my own little dash of fairy blood .
` ` you can stay at my place , '' immanuel said .
` ` her car 's still at my place , '' sam said .
` ` i ' m asking you if you know anyone with a cheap place to rent . ''
` ` besides , i should sniff around your place and make sure everything is okay before you blow yourself up when you try to use the john . ''
` ` and i thought my place was bad , '' jenks whispered as i skipped the step with dry rot .
` ` you wo n't find a place to rent in the entire city . ''
a stained - glass window of saints was propped open with a stick to air the place out , and i could hear the sparrows arguing outside .
it was the first softness and warmth i had seen in the entire place - even if everything was in shades of gray - and the windows were just plain glass .
` ` i ' m to tell you that you can have your old place again with only a minor concession .
` ` do you have a place to stay yet ? ''
you guaranteed that all his children have a place to survive until adulthood , not just the few firstborn .
the simultaneous attack on archer 's darkhaven - an attack that was so thorough , it would have ensured the boy had no place else to go but back to the compound and into the protection of the order .
only to arrive at this place together .
` ` you will be at the holiday party tomorrow night at my place , wo n't you ? ''
it was conveniently located only a few houses down from mariketa and bowen 's place .
` ` searching for a better place to stay . ''
he 'd seen her home , a manor called andoain , the place she 'd spoken to her parents about .
for safety reasons , a vampire either used a sensory beacon to teleport somewhere or he would go to places he 'd teleported to before .
the lump came back to my throat as i stared at the little place that had once been my refuge .
and then i remembered how you looked the first time you came to my place .
` ` can i go back to my place to get my things , at least ? ''
so i was going to his home , a place i had n't been since my ill - fated birthday party , so many months ago .
we can go to my place so you wo n't be tempted to be obsessive .
` ` let 's just hang out at your place for now , '' i suggested .
` ` alice loves parties , and she 's invited the whole town to her place the night of .
even without a gate or guards , to mira , the house seemed more a prison than a place someone would call home - even an odd duck like ackmeyer .
tried your place first , but you were n't home . ''
after getting candice settled and tending to her wound , doc and nina had gone to work sweeping out the whole place , dusting off the old furniture and appliances that had n't been used in years , and restocking the pantry and weapons cache with supplies brought with them from the new bedford bunker .
part of that silence had to do with the events of the past twenty - four hours - the lab explosion that had made global headlines and the resulting public unrest that followed ; the somber good - bye they 'd given chaz ; now this , the sudden flight to a place they 'd never even known existed .
you ca n't just stomp through my private residence as if you own the place . ''
` ` so we 're not going back to your place ? ''
and i 'll come back to your place as soon as i can . ''
all that white could have made the place feel sterile , but there were bold splashes of color in the form of cushions , flowers , and thick , thick rugs that had me wanting to rip off my shoes and run my toes through them .
it took me half an hour to drive over to callie harris 's parents ' place , only to discover they were n't actually there .
by home , he meant his place , not mine .
do you want to meet somewhere , or would you rather i come over to your place ? ''
the interior decoration looked much as sophronia imagined one of the great atlantic steamers , except that the entire place seemed to have been attacked by a grandmother - the kind of grandmother who knitted horrible small booties for workhouse orphans and made jelly for the deserving poor .
do you need a place to stay ? ''
` ` you left your place with natalie to run piscary 's restaurant ? ''
there 's no place like home , there 's no place like home , there 's no place like home , i thought desperately , pulling energy into me , spindling it in my head .
the two boys kim was chatting with discovered they had places to be , and hit the doors to flee into the night ; kim , just as claire had feared , walked back over toward them .
it was n't as if kim actually had an underwear drawer - she did n't seem bothered by leaving her bras and panties all over the place .
we 're in the basement of his place .
` ` is this place neat or what ? ''
` ` my family 's place really sucks , though , '' said brendan .
now that we 're in town , with a place of our own , it 's probably better that claire move in with us . ''
if so , why was he waiting at my place to see rhoan ?
` ` there 's a street directory at my place , '' misha said .
he 'd never asked me to his place before - never told me much about himself at all , in fact , and curiosity stirred ` ` when and where ? ''
the hospital was n't claire 's favorite place , not ever , but now that it was her dad being wheeled into tests , it definitely was worse than usual .
they 're all like , yeah , whatever , and then when it comes to picking up the place or washing dishes , they turn into ghosts .
shane - shane was looking for a place to stay , and he said he 'd pitch in for rent .
he was probably hiding out at her place , letting sara jane think he was dead in an alley and laughing as she fed his cat .
we 'd used it for making chili three weeks ago for a dirty harry marathon at his place , and i 'd never brought it back .
the place was in chaos - furniture overturned , drapes shredded , and one of the cook 's precious journals had been bitten into and slobbered all over .
` ` at least this place is safe , '' mom said .
i should ' ve found whichever one of the hundreds of bedrooms in this place was my dad 's and told him what happened .
apparently she was homesick , because she made it look like her family 's place in louisiana , right down to the landscaping .
stil , the idea that the place i 'd cal ed home for nearly a year was actual y some evil farm for powerful prodigium was unsettling to say the least .
i did n't think there was anything i could picture that would keep me from blowing this place to smithereens if i released even an iota of magic .
the place where my father had lived his whole life .
i want to see if our room is as freakified as the rest of this place . ''
i later learnt that evanna had cast a masking spell over the place , so unless you knew where to look , your eyes would skim over her home and not register it .
` ` we can take her back to my place and do the test where it 's private . ''
an office at the factory meant i 'd have a place of my own , in the coolest place in dullsville .
yet as she passed a second room , a lushly arranged sitting area , she noted that there was no hint that children had once lived here , no hint that this place had belonged to a family .
the gothy mcgoth twins , in their leather and spikes and dyed hair , sniffed and walked off , clearly offended by the sight of so much happiness in one place .
because she felt more comfortable in hipsterville , maybe alexander had found a place where he felt more comfortable , too .
i had to hide out and seek comfort in the only place i had ever really felt at home .
not even the frequent horn blasts of impatient drivers or the squeal of vehicle brakes on the streets below her place ever really bothered her .
` ` did n't you get my message at your place ?
his van was parked on the street below her place , and while tess had hoped for quick a good - bye at the curb , ben was intent on playing the gentleman and seeing her to her door on the second floor .
a few looked promising for his purposes , in particular a sad - faced hound named barney who was in need of special care and dreaming of a nice place to spend the last of his golden years .
my dad 's getting remarried in a few weeks , so i also have to think about moving out of his place .
she would be surprised to know how often he cruised past her place , just to see if she was there .
maybe this would be the last time he drove by her place .
he was drenched from the rain , his dark hair spiked where it clung to his forehead and cheeks , leather coat dripping onto his black combat boots and the tattered welcome mat in the hall outside her place .
` ` when i saw them together outside her place last night , the son of a bitch had his hands all over her .
when the voice - mail greeting left off with a beep , ben rushed through the night 's events , from the surprise ambush at his place by the two thugs to the attack on him a short while ago .
they busted into my place tonight -- him and some other dude .
true , after he 'd arrived at her place last night loaded down with weapons and bleeding from an obvious altercation , he had said he 'd been pursuing a drug dealer .
as it stood , the only other thing she could think of was to go past his place after work and see if she could find some sign of him there .
he had n't returned any of her phone calls or e - mails , so why would she think he 'd want her showing up at his place now ?
what if someone was up there right now , turning his place upside down looking for the flash drive she had in her coat pocket ?
she relived it all , from her walk past ben 's apartment and the realization that someone other than him was inside the place , to the shocking sight of seeing the large men -- if they even were men at all -- leaping down from the balcony to the street below and chasing after her .
the place was trashed , file cabinets tossed over and emptied onto the floor , furniture smashed , chemicals and pharmaceuticals spilled all over the floor .
he did n't acknowledge or deny it , merely strode into her living room in silence and let his gaze roam freely over the place .
not that his offer to come by her place tonight was anything close to a date , but she had been looking forward to seeing him again .
probably had a big date with his remote control and espn , or maybe after he left her place the other evening , he 'd met someone else and gotten a more interesting offer than schlepping gabrielle 's cell phone back out to beacon hill .
she lost track of the number of places she 'd been sent to live , but the complaints against her when she was bounced back were always the same : restless and withdrawn , secretive and untrusting , socially dysfunctional with self - destructive tendencies .
` ` you ran out of my place so fast last night , i think you left skid marks on the floor . ''
` ` i ' m meeting ray at my place after his shift , but call me first thing in the morning and tell me how it went , you hear me ? ''
i ' ve been working out of this station for thirty - five years , and i ' ve never heard of any detective thorne , let alone sent him out to your place . ''
she had been back home since mid - afternoon , having left megan 's place in the morning after her friend went to work .
the refugees were all out now , leaving a house that badly needed picking up and cleaning -- not that anybody had gone out of their way to trash the place , but with that many people coming and going , things happened .
a chill skated over her skin , part shock , part true chill , for the air was much cooler here than it had been in ... the place she belonged .
and it was the one place she could n't stay .
i needed a place to stay .
phil had modernized the place into a vacation home for himself and vanda , and it now had electricity and running water .
` ` i could teleport you to phil 's place .
` ` i 'll find a place for you here . ''
` ` wow , your place has become vampire central . ''
by two in the morning , she 'd been exhausted , so gregori and abby had driven her back to the townhouse before going on to their own place .
she hesitated before knocking , trying to remember how messy the place had been when she 'd left over two weeks ago .
focusing on the street below , she thought of that time they had been together at her basement place .
when he 'd first seen the place , it had been emptied out , with nothing but the remnants of graceful living left behind : silk wallpaper , damask drapes , and one wing chair .
how long before her few belongings , whether they were at the brotherhood mansion or her hunting cabin or her basement place , got relegated to nothing but clutter ?
she thought of when they 'd been together -- not the last time , when he 'd paid her back for all the rejection , but the other one at her basement place .
it was kind of odd to be in a place , but not of it ... sensed , but not seen .
we 're doing workups on some of the neighboring civil war sites and need a place to crash . ''
man , the place looked ransacked , with clothes everywhere and a bed that might possibly have been used as a demolition derby site .
john knew the neighborhood only nominally -- from his one trip to xhex 's basement place , which was close by -- but it was not normal lessening society territory .
given the shape she was in , she knew she was n't going to make it far and decided the best she could do was her basement place .
the place looked like it had been hit with an oil shower .
most places had a porch light on and that was it .
the place was just as it had been when he 'd spent his last night inside except for one thing : the yellow condemned notice that had been nailed to the front door .
the combination made the place feel like an art museum you could live in and she explored a little , ducking her head into the open doors of parlors and bedrooms .
closing his eyes , he sent his atoms scattering and took form ... on the terrace of his mated home , the place where he and his beloved had lived out a good fifty years .
the rest of the place was pristine in spite of the fact that it had n't been lived in since ... wellsie 's murder : everything was battened down , and his former staff were good enough to look after the landscaping and to check the indoors once a month -- even though they 'd moved on to serve another family out of town .
at least he could guess where she would go : back to her own place on the hudson river .
the second after he nodded , she was out of there and so was he ... and they re - formed outside her place .
she had n't invited him back to her place on the river since they 'd had that first all - out session after their separation .
` ` we had our own place , '' he said .
` ` this place is a fortress , '' qhuinn said as he came out of another bathroom .
when he 'd gotten down to their room , it had looked like the place had been ransacked .
` ` i need a place to stay .
it had taken her three nights to move into this place and slip right into the role of maid - actually , no , she had started in as soon as she had woken up after that first sunset .
he spent all last night packing up stuff , giving her things away , getting the furniture ready to move out - he 's selling the place . ''
the place where butch and v bunked in with their shellans was the same as always - except neater now that there were females cohabitating there : the sports illustrateds were in an orderly pile on the coffee table ; the kitchen did n't have empty bottles of lag and goose all over the counters ; and there were no more gym bags or biker jackets hanging off of everything .
the good doctor made sure the place was n't a total pigsty , however , with the duvet all pulled up nice and neat , and the pillows angled carefully against the headboard .
the guy 's place was about as much of an obstacle course as a damn dance floor , his furniture consisting of three things in the living room and a huge bed in the master suite .
god , she should have brought her track shoes for this , jane thought as she marched around manny 's place .
as he rocked his google translate , his feet took him through his penthouse at the commodore over and over again , his relentless pacing turning the place into a multimillion - dollar hamster - wheel equivalent .
but not as some kind of home - he 'd always had a place away from where he slept .
up in his place , he showered , changed into clean scrubs and his white jacket , and then grabbed his briefcase and hit the elevators .
nineteen when manny got back to his place , he closed the door , locked it ... and stood there .
christ , when she 'd been holding those leathers in her hands and waiting for him to talk , it was like someone had stapled his lips together - probably because he 'd felt guilty about what he 'd done at his place , and how fucked - up was that ?
getting himself back with the program , he marched through the place , checking in all the nooks and crannies ... and found a little tiny computer chip on the kitchen counter .
` ` let 's go to my place , '' he said .
his immediate impulse was to go into the front hall closet , get out his baseball bat , and wreck the place .
jane live - parked in front of the high - rise while he jogged into the foyer , shot up the elevator , and hit his place .
he could hear a television too , a deafening barrage of background noise that seemed to swell as he neared elise 's place .
and what was the deal with all that acoustical foam nailed to the walls of her place ?
tegan opened the sash lock on the window with his mind -- the second time he 'd perpetrated a bande on her place in one night -- and lifted the heavy pane from outside .
think you can get me to your place before i go crispy ?
evidently he 'd been busy with a little do - it - yourself first aid after he fled irina odolf 's place that day .
when i was at irina 's place , she showed me some needlework that was incredibly detailed .
` ` how about a ride to my place in new york ? ''
` ` i guess that explains why the rover 's sitting at the curb and there 's no one here at her place .
this place was her sanctuary , and finding himself wanting to know everything about her , he drank in all the details .
` ` you gon na last until we reach my place or do we need to stop for ... um , drive through ? ''
our place , '' tiny offered , ` ` neri 'd love to have more mouths to feed . ''
` ` i like your place , '' elena told damon , looking around .
stefan had n't had a plan when he agreed to stay in matt 's place .
there had to be a bedroom of sorts in this place .
and she was at my place all the time anyway .
stay at your place . ''
there was only one narrow window beside the weathered blue door , but the window box under it was filled with bright orange and yellow marigolds , giving the whole place a cheerful look .
for a moment elena just soaked in the essence of her dear , darling home , a place she 'd never thought she 'd live in again .
` ` anyway , '' caleb continued , gazing at her out of candid light blue eyes , ` ` i was driving back to my aunt and uncle 's place , and i recognized your car in the cemetery parking lot .
` ` this place was airtight . ''
but that 's exactly where i find myself , following mary past her sleepy doorman ( who does n't raise so much as an eyebrow at her crossbow ) , and then up the elevator to her place , which is decorated in mid - nineteenth - century victorian chic - at least as near as i can judge , considering all the furniture looks like it came out of one of those boring miniseries my mom likes to watch on pbs , featuring girls named violet or hortense or whatever .
this is what she 's been like the whole way to her place : not exactly brimming with the explanations .
at sean 's parents ' place on the beach ?
all in all , the whole place was really cozy , if cozy meant creepy and cultish .
` ` but he has no intention of putting it on until i phone and tell him i ' m on my way to his place . ''
` ` if it does n't look good , i ' m going over to your place and destroying all your makeup . ''
` ` looking for work , a place to stay .
i strolled up kooyong road , admiring the million dollar houses and wondering what it 'd be like to live a place that practically screamed money .
i 'd never been envious of anyone else 's living conditions in my life , but i could n't help thinking how amazing it would be to live in a place like this .
` ` nice place - yours ? ''
with the force of the explosion tearing apart the ground floor level , the upper ones had no place to go but down .
were they planning on buying jameson his own place now that they were home ?
` ` i do n't have to move back toromania if i have a place of my own here , right ?
at the end of the driveway was a small , one - story house that actually looked a little bit like our place .
the house was n't quite as spartan as our place , but it still was n't what anyone would call homey .
` ` mostly we lurk around places at night with dorky equipment purchased off the internet , '' dex offered , making romy smack his arm again .
so why did your mom pull you out of that place and move you to freaking ideal , mississippi , a.k.a .
poppy knew why - james 's apartment was anotorious place , and she 'd never been allowed to visitit at night .
` ` maybe you should just take me back to your cousins ' place . ''
he 'd give them a place to stay , and that was all they needed , really .
` ` i know the perfect place for you to stay .
` ` nice place you have here , mate . ''
as alex steered the snowmachine onto the drifted - over trail that led to pop toms 's place , luna jumped off to romp in the fresh , glittering powder .
` ` except the rumor is that the last time anyone saw tulak alive , he was talking about seeing a wolf pack prowling around his place .
i can be at your place within the hour . ''
once she had shuffled back up the hallway , zach walked into skeeter 's dump of an apartment and began a swift , thorough search of the place .
and on the way back from her delivery , she would swing by jenna 's place just to make sure everything was all right with her , too .
when i arrive at my grandparents ' two - story , redbrick house my insides wind into knots as every memory attached to the place surfaces .
the feeling lingers during the entire drive to alex 's place , which is in a nice area where all the buildings have a similar , newly - built look to them .
you have no place to go . ''
it 's strange because the beach becomes vacant usually after sunset and i wonder if maybe it 's a homeless person looking for a place to stay .
the place where you feel miserable all the time and utterly hate who you are inside and out .
` ` she and vivienne went home - i mean , to your place .
` ` she just needs to rest for a while - mom 'll probably keep her at our place for a couple of days .
if you want a place to stay ; if you need anything - if we need to call social services- '' ` ` mom , please , i ' m begging you .
olivia really liked their new house -- her bedroom was at least twice the size of her old one -- but this place was a total mansion .
i took off on my snowmachine , out to your place .
i turned the place inside out looking for her .
i had n't been sure i wanted to live there , and he 'd been pretty desperate for his own place .
the first thing that always hit me about this place was the sunny yellow paint adrian had put up on the walls .
how long had they been spying on his place ?
we reached his place , and i swapped cars .
` ` eddie put a tracking device in your purse , back at my place . ''
` ` we need to work on this at my place . ''
` ` meet me at my place , and then we 'll go out to lone rock park . ''
` ` i do n't know if i ' m comfortable breaking into her place . ''
` ` the search for some place more romantic than pies and stuff . ''
when i did n't show up at my place they would have started looking for me .
` ` if there 's anything else you need , we can make a trip to your places tomorrow . ''
they took livy to wonderland and then to their place so she would n't have to ' hear her father scream . '
but if it bothers you , we can go back to my place .
riley 's house was the last place i wanted to spend the rest of my night .
we slipped into the sound right under the noses of two oblivious night watchmen by the big ferry - good thing for them i was ful or they would have been too close for my self - control - and then raced through the murky water back toward riley 's place .
somehow they carried her away from a need to control everything , to worry about his place and her place ...
this place was n't built by vampires .
he even gave all the out - of - town members a place to crash here , said onyx .
` ` i ' m sick of living from person to person , meal to meal , having no place to call home .
centuries ago , he 'd moved in and never moved out , haunting this place until no other member of the family would enter .
` ` every day , i imagine leaving this place . ''
and now - well , maybe the dream was calling them to a place to belong .
she made money , she bought a car , she was going to get her own place .
teeny bits of glass all over the lawn and even in the trees so the whole place was kind of sparkling in a way that human beings probably could n't make out .
` ` he could barely endure his own house , yet he admonished his slaves to tell no one , and when they ran off in fear , he attended to his own toilet and swept the place like a lowly servant himself .
` ` into khayman 's house , the king and the queen went together , and the demon went with them , tearing the place to pieces , yet there they remained .
and , he realized , the sooner he admitted that , the sooner he could find a place to put her and begin taking care of his own affairs .
even if it turned out that he 'd left in order to scout them out a new place to live , howcould he ?
dear mamaalways said that if i kept the place , i might have to take in boarders , and to be sure not to take in foreigners .
not at being given a place to stay , elena understood .
` ` we'l find you a place to sleep , '' i decided , turning my mind back to the matters at hand .
but we 'll have your house , the place you grew up in , to come home to .
how about if you all come around to my place this evening , and we can all talk informally ?
then someone said , ` ` your place ? ''
i had been tempted to straighten up his house , hang the pictures , fill the place with finery , sweep him up into heady luxury the way i had in the past .
for one moment as i shaded my eyes from the rain and looked up at those black and empty windows , i felt a terrible irrational fear that no being dwelt in this place , that i was mad , and destined to remain in this weak human body forever .
i hurried towards the apartment door , scarce hearing the few words he uttered , to the effect that he thought the place was quite undisturbed .
i also noted that there was a blazing fire going in the large white - tiled fireplace - david 's doing , no doubt - and the smell of coffee coming from the nearby kitchen , a room i had scarce entered in the years i had inhabited this place .
and he lives in the attics , so he can make this place like a fortress . ''
nothing cleaned up the place like a gnoll .
` ` it 's all go at lord akeldama 's place . ''
her parents were out visiting friends who had just had a baby , so she and ivy had the place to themselves .
there are also tons of moldy curtains that hang around the place and jump out on you when you are least expecting it , and that was how we lost vampire max .
we 're heading to her place now , and then ... elsewhere . ''
and he pulled me back through the window like the place was on fire .
it was his job to make sure there was enough food and drink and blood for everyone , and that every vampire had a place to sleep .
` ` let 's take this over to our place , '' i said , grabbing the telescope .
the night had been creeping dangerously close to dawn when he 'd left yakut 's place , and he 'd sure as hell slept the daylight off in worse places than the cemetery he found at the city 's northern edge .
i can be at your place first thing tomorrow night - ` ` fabien 's condescending chuckle grated .
he opened his house - anna 's place - to anyone who needed shelter , and gave the kids warm meals and a place to belong . ''
renata listened as he provided an efficient run - through of the circumstances of yakut 's murder , lex and fabien 's apparent alliance , mira 's disappearance , and the containment facility escape that had brought nikolai and renata to jack 's place for temporary shelter .
after cleaning up all evidence of the breed assault on the garage apartment , he and renata had commandeered the agency 's suv , which their attackers had been helpful enough to leave parked along a side street near jack 's place .
i mean , i had a little bit of pain , but based on what happened during the attack at jack 's place , i should have been in agony most of the night . ''
renata walked into the great room , bolstered by the fact that this would be the last time she 'd need to look at the place .
the group split up , most of the warriors heading off to take care of things at fabien 's place while rio and nikolai walked renata , mira , and their unexpected companion back to the order 's waiting vehicle .
there could be no place better for me in all of florence - other than cosimo 's own house perhaps - than the dominican monastery of san marco .
ivy had remodeled it before i had moved in , and it was the best room in the place .
` ` what 's your place there like ? ''
` ` i do n't know what he does with the videos of your college cheerleading he brings back to his place '' - carrow waggled her eyebrows - ` ` but i have suspicions . ''
54 the next night , bowe had been asleep for only an hour - after dropping exhausted onto his mattress on the floor at his new place - when he sat up in bed , his heart thundering .
` ` at my place in russia .
` ` i ' m thinking about getting a job at santina 's so i can give her some money to get her own place .
i had no other place to go , so i let a day pass as i sat in the mausoleum with what was left of my family .
her skirt is all over the place , but compared to some of the other outfits , her 's is mild .
he 's an old family friend of ours and you 'll see us around at his place from time to time .
so can the simi help you find a place to sleep that 's not dangerous ?
i ca n't wait until i ' m grown and have my own place ... .
man , the size of kyrian 's place never failed to impress him .
since they did n't have a set of their own , mennie often let them watch it at her place .
the new place was clean , with running hot water , and everything worked .
we both decided taking you to his place would be a huge mistake .
he shut the door while casey looked around their place , and he tried to imagine it through her eyes .
cherise would have never known the degradations and poverty she 'd faced with an infant and no place to call home .
` ` i have a place here , '' she said with a gentle smile .
he had a huge place , apparently a mad scientist 's dream .
so i was sitting at my antique gold - and - fruitwood writing desk , my precious bit of genuine louis xv furniture in this place , with my feet up on it just watching her , my hands folded on my lap .
when he saw me in the door , rhoshamandes only nodded at me and , after a respectful second or two , went back to what he 'd been saying , about this place he 'd built for himself , this castle in the northern seas .
i ' m leaving for home in a matter of nights to prepare a place for a wholly new- . ''
` ` i think we should continue this at my place , do n't you ? ''
to get them back for ruining your place . ''
i want to go to the only place i feel i can truly call my home .
unlike catarina 's , his place was extremely habitable .
though cozy and comfortable for two , the house began to creak at the seams after robbie and sara - robert thornton du rone and sara sookie du rone - were born , but buying a larger place was n't a possibility .
maybe because of the house maiden , a sort of ghostly servant who wandered about the place .
say : steve went stir - crazy , murdered parker , raped ali , killed bob , crumbling house saved her i saved you keep the place , live in it , fix me up tell rescuers it 's like getting back on the horse .
changelings and pixies have at least one thing in common : it 's rare that we have places where we 're safe .
with all the time i ' ve spent feeling like i was on the outside , looking in , it was going to be nice to finally have a place i could say , with absolute conviction , was my home .
to take a look at mr . scarpa 's house , and apparently the place was n't built to code .
i built my own house when our folks died , i have a decent income and a boat that 's paid for , and my place is spotless because i do n't like surprises .
her place is all white wood and glass and bare surfaces , which she calls ` ` clean lines . ''
this was something else that could happen when you did n't have a place to go home to at christmas .
no idea how many times i sat out in front of your place , practicing an apology . ''
` ` instead of coffee , i want you to come to my place .
manfred was satisfied that he was set up in his new place and ready to go back to work .
` ` how 's the new place ? ''
olivia ran down to her place to grab some jeans and a shirt , and while bobo was cleaning up the evidence of the struggle , including blood , she drove the dead man 's pickup to the back of the store and knocked on the rear door , which led onto a small loading platform .
` ` teacher told me she came by his place , too .
manfred loved meals he did n't have to cook , he liked joe and chuy , and he understood that their main goal was to get bobo out of his own place and encourage him to eat some hot food .
` ` and since i ' ve already been into the police station once , you ' ve searched my place , you ' ve told me she was n't shot so i ' m in the clear on the gun , and i have a lawyer on speed dial , i ' m wondering what my status is now . ''
i ' m sorry we had to search your place . ''
did you want to come down to my place ?
` ` bobo , i saw the sheriff 's car at your place yesterday .
i asked her how the investigation was going , because i knew whose place had burned , i heard it on the news .
manfred had realized that his own place very nearly matched it .
manfred was just closing the door when he spotted sheriff smith parking his car in front of fiji 's place .
or sleep at my place .
it 's really your place , after all , and you 'd be right next door to the shop .
the fierce wind drove the drops against the front of fiji 's place with more noise than she would have thought possible .
37 manfred ( looking both ways ) went back to his own place .
it was n't the kind of place he 'd ever imagined living , and he was as far from a cowboy as a person could get , but he found that he liked the open spaces better than the crowded buildings in the city .
i ca n't really give him what he wants , a place to belong .
aden had heard them talking about getting a place of their own .
the way the neighborhood was laid out , they had a clear view of both the street and aden 's ( possible ) parents ' place .
lucas and i silently passed each of them , searching for what we really wanted - a place to be alone .
she swept in as if she owned the place and the rest of us were merely intruders .
` ` now let 's find a place to stay . ''
i should ' ve asked who that ` ` bad news '' was , or pretended that i had a safe place to go , or something .
this place was hardly more than a cottage .
their place is fine .
and , um , well , we need a place to stay and food , and it gets expensive ... . '' ` ` my money is your money , '' vic said , like that was the most obvious thing in the world .
although we needed a place to stay pretty badly , i thought maybe ranulf would need it even more .
their place was gorgeous , more like something in a magazine than any real home i 'd ever been in .
maybe in a place like this , an ordinary house , the wraiths did n't create effects so dramatic .
he talked some with vic and ranulf , thanking vic for giving us a place to stay , but it was like i was invisible .
you 'll feel drawn to this place , too , since you died here and everything , but i ' m telling you right now , this house is mine .
red velvet curtains and scrolling woodwork had nothing to do with this place .
they might not be friendly , exactly , but they 'll give you a place to stay , and plenty of blood to drink , and advice about how to deal with the hunger .
there was no way she 'd built this place as a refuge for them .
` ` a place to live , '' he said .
i never lived more than a few months in any one place - not once in my whole life .
her room was a colorful place , with lavender walls and a bright quilt on the bed , and a shelf laden with gleaming equestrian trophies and ribbons .
balthazar quickly turned his attention to rick and said , ` ` actually , i need a place to live while i ' m here .
as he went back to his place , she quickly texted , young ladies ?
balthazar had n't realized until now that he was counting on her to push back - to tempt him , to keep inviting him places .
the drive to her place went even slower than the journey there .
it hurt to see the place like this - cobwebs in the windows , every room bare and lonely - but there was one thing skye knew had n't left .
he needed to go back to the last place he thought skye had reached safely : her home .
his place had looked as though a bomb had gone off inside it .
i have to check the people on the other side of my place . ''
` ` you 're still living at june 's place ? ''
i could pick up the ingredients and cook them at your place so , if you still are n't feeling well , you wo n't have to go out or dress up and can lounge around in ... '' hell .
sometimes he cooked for her at her place .
` ` but i do think it 's odd that he always comes over here and has n't taken you to his place yet .
so it would n't be any different at his place . ''
i think the drug got his wires all crossed and he accidentally teleported to her place ... ... no .
had he and jenna spent her night off at his place ?
if we could n't be alone here , i was going to boot sheldon out of my place and ... '' he shook his head .
it was quiet , and the heaps of clothing and crap all around could have signaled that emerson 's place had just been ransacked , or that emerson employed the same kind of housekeeping style my roommate did back at home : slob chic .
` ` i was actually heading over to your place to check in on you . ''
` ` how do i know you were n't coming to my place to kill me ? ''
if she gets uppity , we 'll go back to my place and mix some margaritas . ''
` ` do you mind stopping at my place so i can drop off my things and freshen up a bit before we go ? ''
travis told me how often you forgot and left jewelry behind when you went hunting with the pack - or stayed the night at his place .
heather grimaced when she saw the bloody handprint left behind on the furniture , but felt it was the wrong time to caution her guests about keeping the place tidy .
i surveyed the place from the front door .
it was a relief to him , however , to think that they were all in safety and that , but for that one old woman who had lingered in the kitchen , he had the whole place to himself .
` ` you want to head over to my place and , you know , talk some more about what it 's like giving yourself raises ? ''
` ` swing by my place when you get a chance . ''
with the place clean , now all i had to do was come up with a convincing story about the broken glass .
as they worked , i wondered if it was finally time for me to find my own place .
of course , i already had my own place .
what a place to raise a little girl .
` ` if you saw the place she lived , you probably would n't blame her .
` ` i need a place to crash , '' i said .
the thinking soon turned to panic , and i did n't accomplish anything other than nearly killing a half dozen other drivers as i whipped around them recklessly , aiming my screaming minivan to beverly hills , and to allison 's place .
after our stroll - and after kingsley had tossed aside a young punk who had pinned a girl to a wall and had been talking to her a little too aggressively - we had made our way back to his place .
chapter twenty - five fang spent the next half hour cleaning me up , and cleaning my place up , too .
the only place of order was a thick oak table in the center , its surface polished to a high sheen , so out of place here .
i 'll send someone over - someone i trust - to fix your window , to clean up the place . ''
he had been offered other temporary accommodations , a place to himself until he was returned to the states , but he preferred to stay with elizabeth .
he starts ripping the place apart , pulling out weapons he hid all over the house .
there 's praesidium everywhere in the yard and basement , and besides , you do n't know what my place looks like . ''
and rena was just going to leave him here - with the place in chaos and colette a ticking time bomb , waiting to wake up on the floor .
tonight at my place ?
except his place made mine look like a hobo 's wet cardboard box .
still , i was always extra cautious when i visited finn 's place .
finn 's place was out , and i needed to keep the detective close to make sure he would n't do something stupid - like go off on a righteous mission and get us all killed .
when he leaves , we grab him and take him back to his place for a private chat , '' i said .
` ` nice place you have here , chuck .
all that and more could be found in jo - jo 's beauty salon , the place where the air elemental used her magic as a self - proclaimed drama mama - someone who catered to the endless vanity of southern women .
eva grayson had been thrilled her best friend wanted to crash at her place a few days , and violet had already packed a bag .
` ` he said he wants to take me back to his place afterward .
` ` a place for roslyn to stay , someone to watch over her while i take care of business .
i did n't know , but i was strangely eager to find out , which is why owen would be waiting for me at his place later on tonight .
the whole place went up like kindling , and mab 's men freaked when they could n't contain it .
my childhood home looked untouched by human hands , as if no one had been near the place since it had been destroyed .
it was a perfect , modest home and just the sort of place that i could see donovan settling down and being happy in .
i 'd managed to get the rental on the property extended through the end of the summer , which would give them plenty of time to find a place of their own if the two women did n't just go ahead and move into the lavish penthouse suite at the blue sands hotel .
i 'd been saving up enough money to get my own place , so i did , and salina moved in with me , eva , and phillip .
my stomach turned over at the wrongness of it ... ` ` is it just me , or does that house in the middle look like jo - jo 's place ? ''
maybe he 'll know more about how she 's doing when we get back to his place . ''
` ` i would have thought that all of those dead bodies that i left up at your place would have clued you in to that simple fact .
fletcher had been sending me on solo jobs for a while now , and i felt like i should have my own place , my own space , and not what i 'd carved out for myself in his cluttered house .
` ` after all , an assassin should have her own place .
let 's go to my place . ''
owen had said that eva was spending the night at violet 's , which meant that we 'd have the place to ourselves .
so we go to your apartment , take what you need , and then go to my place .
and i wanted to see his place .
the place was clean , neat , and uncluttered , free of knickknacks and throw pillows .
her place was a small ranch - style house , set way back from the road and hidden by a six - foot - tall wooden fence .
it took me a bit of time to finally find the right house in the predawn light , a small place with white siding and green roof , nothing special except for the damn industrial - strength ward on it .
the only drawback to this place was the furniture .
it was hard to forget a place plastered with panda wallpaper .
the only person with a key to my place was the super , and he would never enter unannounced .
` ` he 's been breaking into my place and watching me sleep . ''
my place , my smells , my familiar rug under my feet , my kitchen , my curran in the kitchen chair ...
fifteen years from now i 'll still drag my beaten , bloody hide to my place and lick my wounds , all alone , in a dark house .
this was officially the weirdest version of ` ` come down to my place and i 'll show you some etchings '' i ' ve ever been hit with .
bono rarely showed up before dark and i had used the time to hop the leyline back to my place and bring back betsi , my beat - up old subaru .
i felt odd going back to greg 's place .
she 's never seen his place or met any of his friends . ''
the place did n't look lived in - no personal items on the furniture , no loose clothes .
he turned slowly , surveying my place : the old , beat - up couch , the scratched night table , the ancient rug , the basket full of clean laundry , all threadbare jeans and faded t - shirts , and waved his shimmering fingers .
go back to your place and sweep the porch or whatever it is you do up there . ''
the innkeepers maintain the order , provide them with a safe place to stay , and minimize the population exposure and the bloodbath that could result .
i was tired of not having a place that was just mine .
the army provides you with a place to sleep , feeds you , outfits you .
i kept looking for the place that felt right and none of them ever did .
he 'd always been looking for the place he belonged .
the demon wandered around the room , checking the place out as i considered options .
the place smelled of mold , and the bodily fluid stains on the dingy carpet did n't suggest a high risk of a maid walking in on my demon .
the place looked like a rose bush exploded .
unlike briallen 's modest cabin in muir woods , this place rose two stories and i lost track counting the rounded windows that glinted in the morning sun filtering through the trees .
a cab zoomed past , reminding me i should probably head back to maisie 's place .
eventually , i 'd need to get my own place in the city or move on to somewhere else .
we just need a place to crash .
gave me a job and a place to live .
and pussy 's determined to save up enough for her own place . ''
honestly , part of me would love the chance for adam and me to have the place to ourselves .
` ` if you 're unable to talk to michael on our behalf , could i at least trouble you for a place to crash ? ''
` ` she means that she needs a place to stay until i have a chance to talk to uncle mike . ''
after weeks , maybe months , of never having the place to ourselves , the rare privacy felt decadent .
` ` do you need a place to stay ? ''
` ` i just figured if you and the mancy were on the skids , maybe you 'd need a place to crash . ''
maybe she has n't had time to find a new place . ''
you 're pissed that mac ensured you had an income and a place to live ?
the place was larger than the apartment i shared with adam at prytania place in new york .
it 's my place .
if we kept this place , i 'd have to redo them .
in the middle of it the keep rose like a gray man - made mountain , an example of what happened if several hundred deeply paranoid and superhumanly strong people got together and decided they needed a safe place to crash .
in the end , they found some sort of neutral guy who invited desandra to his place away from everybody .
once technically part of decatur and now just part of the huge sprawling mess that was atlanta , jeremiah street was n't as busy as ponce de leon , but tinker shops and a large auto repair yard sent a lot of traffic past my place .
after the hearing me and grendel holed up in my place for a couple of weeks licking my wounds , but i ca n't hide in my hole forever .
i knew this because the last time i stopped by teddy 's place , he bellyached for an hour about how much the damn thing had cost him .
where were you when voron died and i had no place to go ?
we stayed like that for a long moment , until the door swung open downstairs and andrea walked inside , asking why the place stank of wolfsbane .
the place resembled a hotel room awaiting a guest , instead of lived - in quarters .
` ` are you inviting me for a private cup of coffee at your place ? ''
` ` we go to my place .
i could throw away the pictures , but signs of her were all over my place .
how would she find your place ?
she does n't like technology much , and the last time i saw her , she was trying to redecorate the snowdrifts around my place in a lovely shade of red . ''
jim 's safe house was only thirty minutes from my place .
i stopped by your place , but you were gone , so i came here .
i ' m sorry about your place . ''
i 'd ripped them from a ruined book after erra trashed my place .
maybe he bought me a new place to live .
how am i supposed to do that if every place you 're staying at is smoked out like a christmas ham ? ''
unlike most of the other houses i 'd flown over , this place was jumping with activity , too .
if bones noticed the close proximity to my old place , he did n't comment on it .
as we 'd suspected , though , the place was empty of everyone except us - and two shriveled vampires on the floor of the tiny family room .
` ` i do n't live here , but my friend 's place was broken into .
it was about the same size as the place i 'd grown up in , but i bet mencheres had n't stayed anywhere this small in the past thousand years .
you 'll always have a place to stay . ''
so my mother was leaving with bones and me now , and don would get her set up with another place to live later .
` ` you 'll have a place to stay there as well .
` ` nice place you have here , '' i remarked , looking over the ornate mansion as we entered .
this place was three times the size of our home , and with huge grounds to boot .
` ` when 's her new place going to be ready ? ''
the runaways get homeschooled , a place to live , and an allowance they save for whenever they wish to strike out on their own .
this place was coming apart at the seams .
how about we go to my place instead of that club i told you about ? ''
they do n't take to activities like that around their place , it draws unwanted attention .
how about you meet me at my place ?
` ` i like your place , '' i said sincerely .
bones would be following at a discreet distance , and we were hoping i 'd be taken back to charlie 's place , breaking bones 's cardinal rule of me avoiding a vampire 's home base .
he got me out of that flea - hole apartment i was in , gave me a place to stay , and eventually i got my own place and opened up the shelter .
he got me out of that flea - hole apartment i was in , gave me a place to stay , and eventually i got my own place and opened up the shelter .
he had been oddly quiet since getting off the plane , and when we were within five minutes of my place , he suddenly broke the silence .
after throwing on sweatpants and a t - shirt , i padded over in slippers to timmie 's place .
the layouts of our apartments were identical , except of course timmie 's place had furniture .
get them the best counseling money can buy , and make sure they 're set up with a good job and a place to stay also .
we 'll bunk at his place tonight and leave tomorrow afternoon .
` ` we could go there- '' ` ` my place is closer , '' she interrupted him , taking his hand .
the lights were off , wherever they were , but this must be her place .
why , your mama would have burned this place to the ground with her bare hands already .
but i did n't see any cars parked on the street below the hill that led up to jo - jo 's place , and i did n't spot anyone stationed in the thick patches of trees that ran between the homes , training a pair of night - vision goggles on the three - story , white plantation house .
` ` it almost seems like she 's been fixing up a place for someone to stay . ''
finding a place to hide was n't hard with all of the houses in the immediate area in foreclosure .
it was our first night of punishment and we were at my place while the kings were at king venclaire 's house .
this place is a maze , but i bet there 's only one front door .
she will have a hard time carving out a place for herself , but she will be out of our hair with no chance of escape . ''
stay there , make contact with the boys ; they will help you find a place to stay and you can all come here together in a few weeks . ''
plus , i 'd already inadvertently put her in harm 's way when i 'd asked her to keep an eye on my place , and i was n't planning on doing it again .
both chairs were painted in bright colors and were obviously from her place .
i knew if there 'd been some kind of a disturbance at your place there was a strong chance your neighbors had already called the police .
once they cleared out , we slipped into your place unseen . ''
looks like there was some trouble at your place over the weekend . ''
` ` ray 's never going to buy that a stranger did that to your place , '' nick said .
and while we were gone , someone trashed my place .
` ` i ' ve never seen a place trashed this badly in my entire career , '' ray said smugly .
positioning wolves around the perimeter of your place was bound to raise suspicion to anyone who happened by with a keen nose , even if they were a few blocks away .
he held a bag of goodies that smelled suspiciously like the pecan cinnamon rolls from my favorite bakery around the corner from his place .
my hair was down , flowing all over the place .
she might have been tired of watching my place for me .
` ` so danny 's been staying at my place , right ? ''
he was injured during the attack , broke a few ribs , gushing head wound , so dad put him at your place to look after things .
then , too , he rarely stayed in one place long enough to get acquainted with very many women , let alone establish any kind of relationship .
i was about to call ned and ask him and arnie to go out to her place and look around . ''
` ` what 's his place like ? ''
with his hunger appeased , rourke turned his thoughts to finding a place to spend the upcoming daylight hours .
not only did she have to get a passport , book a flight , and make reservations for a place to stay , she also had to arrange to take a week of her vacation a few months early , buy a coffin for rourke to travel in , rent a hearse to transport it to the airport , and arrange for someone to pick it up at the other end , all of which was going to put quite a dent in her bank account .
continuing her search for a place to stay , kari found a place that rented apartments for a short term and decided an apartment might be a wiser option than staying in a hotel .
` ` back at my place . ''
kari sent an e - mail to the contact address , informing them that she knew of a young witch who needed a place to stay , as well as instruction about life in the twenty - first century .
she was afraid of him , of what he was , yet she had offered him a place to stay .
he had no home , no place to call his own save the shed in karinna 's backyard , and that was n't really his .
he needed a place of his own , he thought again , a lair where he could take his rest in more comfortable surroundings than the wooden shed in karinna 's backyard .
i went to his place one night and asked him what was wrong .
set amid a copse of trees and surrounded by a high , white rail fence , it was a lovely old place with weathered gray walls , a blue tile roof , and tall , leaded windows .
rourke spared hardly a glance for the furnishings , though , in passing , it occurred to him that vilnius must have expected karinna to regain her mobility and come here at some point in time , else why bother to furnish the place ?
she thought of her small place , and compared it to his house .
i guess i should go back to my place ... '' ` ` i 'd rather you did n't . ''
but she had no place to stay , now that she had given up her apartment , no place to go except home to her parents .
but she had no place to stay , now that she had given up her apartment , no place to go except home to her parents .
staying in after dark might be the best defense of all , as the undead ca n't enter a dwelling place without an invitation .
do n't worry about me , i 'll find a place .
she had no place else to stay except that smelly old warehouse , and that was n't as safe as his basement lair .
she should have questioned santiago further about the other killings , she thought , and made a mental note to call his place and ask him to meet her in the park later .
whatever this place was , it was a lot nicer than his other place , she thought , gazing at her surroundings , and far more suited to the man who owned it than the condo in the park .
whatever this place was , it was a lot nicer than his other place , she thought , gazing at her surroundings , and far more suited to the man who owned it than the condo in the park .
` ` i stopped by your place , '' michael said .
` ` we can always go back to my place , '' regan suggested as they left the office .
` ` why do you keep two places ? ''
` ` do all vampires keep more than one place ? ''
swearing softy , he put her to bed , then went in search of a place to spend the day .
` ` you were at my place earlier , were you not ? ''
going to his place had been a really bad idea , she thought , her heartbeat speeding up .
whistling softly , she jumped into the car and headed for his place , glad that it was friday night .
it was his least favorite place to stay , but his powers were weak , and it was the closest .
this one was the closest to verah 's place . ''
i made a stop at my place in new york while i was out . ''
she missed her job , missed having her own place .
a thought took him back to his place .
he was going to ask her to go to his place , and she did n't think she was strong enough to refuse .
it was a well - built place , with three good - sized bedrooms upstairs , and one guest bedroom on the first floor .
` ` i think i ' ve spent enough time at your place , thank you very much . ''
` ` but i ca n't be at your place during the day . ''
` ` i 'll find a place .
` ` go to my place , '' erik said .
` ` meet me at my place tomorrow night . ''
` ` they want a meet , at midnight , at my place ? ''
when that was done , he had brought her to his place and put her in his bed .
` ` i dropped them off at my place . ''
` ` how would you feel about going to my place ? ''
i 'll try to be at your place around six thirty . ''
he had no sooner pulled up in front of megan 's place when shirl came running out the front door , her bathrobe flying behind her .
she had expected to enjoy having the place all to herself for a few days ; instead , she was overcome with a feeling of depression .
each stroke of his hands , each heated caress , carried her to a place where she had never been before , a place she hoped never to leave .
sometimes they went dancing at his club ; other nights they went to the movies , or spent the evening at his place , curled up in each other 's arms .
` ` i sent her back to my place . ''
she 's going to find her own place . ''
` ` winchester wanted to watch the football game tonight , so the two of us went to his place .
after inviting daisy and erik to stay at his penthouse , rhys had indicated he would be spending the day at her place .
shirl needed fresh blood to heal her wounds and a place to stay .
` ` looking for a place to spend the day , '' rhys muttered .
` ` so , what do you say we go to your place ?
` ` i ' m telling you because i ' m going to take megan to my place .
they walked in silence for several moments before megan declared , ` ` i ' m going back to my place . ''
the girl who had spoken to elena earlier told her that the men had their own place to spend the day .
` ` you could have a place of your own , get married , have children . ''
` ` no place to go should he be injured or in need of refuge . ''
it might have been smarter to build his place closer to the general population , but he liked the club 's solitary location , liked having some distance between himself and the tourists after the casino closed for the night .
standing in the middle of the room , she glanced around , thinking that , since she lived alone and was naturally tidy , the place would never really get dirty .
i had a bite before i came to your place . ''
every night , when the urge to be alone together grew irresistible , they went back to her place , curled up on the sofa , and made out like randy teenagers .
yet it still amazed him that there were humans willing to live among vampires , to trade their blood for a place to live .
he used the first can to douse the bodies of the vampires , splashed the second can on the floor of the living room and the kitchen , and set fire to the place .
i need to find a church , rent a tux , find us a place to live . ''
` ` we can stay at my place . ''
you gave her a job , gave her a place to live .
if humans on the west coast try to stir up more trouble , your friend might want to find another place to live . ''
that was something he could report to kowalski since ruth was keen to visit the simple life community on the island but could n't find any information about a possible place to stay if they wanted to do an overnighter .
` ` meg is staying at my place , '' henry said .
and , frankly , it 's going to be hard to afford our new place without both incomes . ''
oh , not as damaging as the place she 'd run away from , but surely there had to be places in between a kind of prison and leaving these girls to flounder on their own .
i want you to find a new place for her where she 'll be safe and can have a life . ''
ruth and theral are bringing ice cream and chocolate to my place this evening , and we 'll all watch movies that give us an excuse to cry . ''
would she have felt compelled to cut if she 'd lived in a place where she could receive some support , where her skin was n't a commodity ?
` ` see her , yes , but not live in the same place . ''
` ` but i mentioned to henry that it would nicer if you had a place to eat when you did n't want to go out during your break , and he got these from somewhere . ''
by the time she got her place locked up and returned to simon 's apartment , sam was dancing in place .
she 'd spent so much time in simon 's apartment these past few days , she had n't had a chance to settle into her own place .
and she wondered how many residents of the courtyard knew she was going over to her neighbor 's place to watch a movie .
she vaguely remembered him trying to kiss her earlier on the escape from her grandfather 's place and thinking he was n't going to be as easy to keep at bay .
miranda told me she was at your place and burnett 's things were scattered all over .
` ` i did n't say he was n't staying at my place , or that we were n't ... sleeping together .
not that kylie minded ; she 'd take miranda going on about perry over the silence she 'd experienced at her grandfather 's place anytime .
every hour or so , she 'd recall how it had felt to be at her grandfather 's place .
` ` before i went to lee 's place that night , i went and played peeping tom at my house . ''
` ` it 's better than my place because burnett is watching me like a hawk .
` ` i think it would be safer to move her to your place .
i 'll tell derek to bring jenny to your place after classes today . ''
i ' m at his place , peering though his window .
kylie was lucky that fredericka had n't gone with lucas to his dad 's place , or she 'd have been battling the green - eyed emotion herself .
` ` can you please put the garbage fire out before this whole place goes up in flames ? ''
the house i grew up in , the place i ' ve called home all my life . ''
` ` i ' m planning on bringing him over to my place , '' holiday said .
` ` do you think i want to go over to his place while his girlfriend , who is practical y my age , flaunts herself al over him ? ''
how about we go back to my place ?
she did n't have to go live with chan in utah ; she and lee could get their own place .
` ` i was going to , but ever since you showed up at my place earlier , all i ' ve focused on was coming to see your aunt . ''
you want to go back to my place for a while ? ''
they went to his place and sat out on the front porch .
` ` because when we get out of here , we 'll get our own place .
this place ... she glanced around her old room , filled with old memories .
he landed in front of holiday 's cabin and walked in as if he owned the place .
` ` you 'll have the place to yourselves . ''
her hair was all over the place and had a towel draped across her body .
she came into our house in all black and terrorized the place .
she did n't know what he had in mind , but hoped he did n't just want to go back to his place .
rachel was pleasantly surprised at his idea and really respected him for suggesting it and not suggesting going back to his place for a ` ` movie . ''
` ` let 's go back to my place and wait until there 's time so nobody else sees you here , '' hunter said .
rachel walked to the entrance of the kitchen where it leads into the other parts of the downstairs to sneak a quick peak at the place .
1 new message : emily : bring your stuff for the dance to school ; i ' m having a ` ` getting ready '' party at my place after school .
` ` i ' m going with you to look for a new place . ''
did you find a place to stay ? ''
it was still going to be difficult , they would have to find a place to stay and raise the children , but they had each other and she knew they could get through anything together .
` ` we 're going to need to find a place to stay soon . ''
` ` stay at my place tonight . ''
chris had been to his place ?
she had never even been to his place .
` ` i just need to pick up a few things from my place . ''
` ` chris has been staying at my place once in awhile , '' devon said softly , resting his hands on cassie 's shoulders .
she stepped into the hall , her eyes widening as she took in the complicated twists and turns that convoluted the place .
he still did n't even have a place to stay in town yet and had n't intended to stay in town for much longer .
it was not a lie ; he did need to find a place to stay .
` ` would you like to see my place today ? ''
what would happen if they went to his place alone ?
he had not mentioned coming over to his place again and neither had she .
i told you i 'd bring you to the woods as often as i could , but you 'll require a place to stay when you come here , somewhere safe , a home . ''
it was as if they had all understood that they 'd needed a place of their own , and allowed them to keep it .
she had never known safety , had never known a place to call home where she could feel secure , and one day he would give her that , but unfortunately it would not be today .
she did not want money and jewels , did not want clothes ; she only wanted safety , a place to call home , and him .
this was the kind of place that she could one day call home .
` ` i do n't think you 're going to need a place to sleep tonight , '' he said , reaching for her arm .
what was left of sebastian 's place .
it could be no coincidence that she 'd found one at sebastian 's place and then here again ... where sebastian just happened to be.lips firming in irksome thought , she cast one last assuring look at george , who snored comfortably in his wing - back chair , then hurried out of the library and up the stairs .
for nora , kelly goodweather 's house was the last place she wanted to be .
he saw no police posted outside his place , so he pulled over .
` ` mom never showed , so fred 's mom took me over to their place . ''
` ` look , how about i set up an account for you and deposit what tanner was scheduled to get , then hand you some cash and find a place for you to stay ?
` ` it appears i need a new place to stay . ''
` ` did winkler know we 'd need a new place ? ''
luanne says he has to find a safer place for us , but he wants to do it in the next two weeks , i think .
` ` here , keep our place , i ' m going to see if mom will let me have something to eat , '' sali hopped off the bed after shoving the album into ashe 's lap .
she was here before , but she was given clemency and a comfortable place to live on le - ath veronis because she gave me information i needed once .
and without it , lissa might not have been afraid enough to leave this place .
we 'd have to find another place to stay .
he offered a place to stay and told me to keep it . ''
if the women needed a place to stay afterward , i 'd already made arrangements for them at a halfway house .
we 'd rented a house - the widow who lived there had gone to visit her sister for two days while we needed a place in town .
` ` find him a place to stay on the light side ; we 'll figure this out , '' i sighed .
she wanted her own place and a stable of vampires who would bite her whenever she wanted .
` ` get the address for the safe house from charles ; obviously you will have to move the others and find another place to stay .
that wore me out and i had my doubts about making it back to tony 's place , but i did .
the entire place was alarmed , of course ; we let ourselves into the basement through a hidden door in the floor of a closet , using a keypad code .
` ` we have a place to stay ; one of the local packs has offered , '' weldon nodded to wlodek .
he had a place in london , although he stayed at wlodek 's most of the time .
` ` i sure hope you 're not offended by vampires , '' i told kelvin when he leaned over the passenger seat to look at me while winkler drove like a maniac over the dirt and gravel roads leading to weldon 's place .
my bag was filled with dirty clothes , so i was hoping to get my laundry washed while i was at winkler 's place .
wiping it off , i adjusted the mirror and drove away , wondering where i might find a place to spend my daylight hours .
somebody broke into the house , stole don 's old cadillac and a few other things and then ransacked the place .
all i had to do now was find somebody who wanted to donate blood and then find a place to stay while the sun was up .
winkler 's about to tear the place apart .
` ` i do n't suppose you 'd be interested in coming by my place for a while ? ''
sam was going to help his dad with the farming , so whitney spent a lot of time at his dad 's place .
it was around two - thirty in the morning and there were two wolves waiting with vans to take all of us to weldon 's place .
he would have seen to your financial well - being , making sure you had a safe place to live .
she showed me upstairs to a bedroom , and its windows were closed off in a similar fashion to the ones at wlodek 's place .
for the first time since i woke up , i feel as if this is a place i could learn to love .
it was certainly not a place i wanted to spend any extended period time .
it 's a nice place to live if you hate librarians , for there is a well - hidden underground rebellion there .
it meant something closer to : ' this place is a total mess ! '
his place is much larger than ours , with a private bath , a sitting room , and a full - size ( though tiny by american standards ) kitchen in addition to a separate bedroom .
i ' m lucky to live in a place that 's does n't have to hide what it is .
i just need a place to crash . ''
` ` come to my place after work ? ''
but there 's something else , some quality i ca n't really identify that makes it look like the house is too big for itself , like something inside is straining to get out , like the whole place is about to bust its seams .
the whole place , and i really mean all of it , was decorated for festivus .
it was like she was trying to find some place where she could escape from the fact that it had happened , or perhaps come to terms with it .
i suspect there will be none , otherwise the boathouse would n't have been put where it is , but one ca n't be too careful - i 'd hate to show up at amy 's place , drenched and bedraggled from having hit a rock , swamped and capsized a mere twenty feet from the shore .
that was true at the time , but it was not long before he had worked his way fully into the life of the school , first by acting as butler for some affairs when we had a large number of visitors , then gradually , ever so gradually , he began to take over some of the housekeeping management of the place until such time as he was in full - time employ , skillfully supervising the staff when they were upstairs .
this has allowed me to get out of this place on weekends - not to play the pig or anything like that , for that 's too dangerous , considering , but at least i can get out to visit with annie and betsey byrnes and sylvie rossio and the other girls , and to check in with ezra and jim ...
she could jerk her arm away from my hand and go back to her place .
how can i get you back to my place ?
grayson is letting me stay at his place .
we 'll go back to my place . ''
you ca n't let me pay of seven thousand dollars by taking me back to your place . ''
i bit my lip , afraid he would be pissed that i just showed up at his place unannounced , without as much as even text .
if i met you last night , and brought you back to my place , or followed you to yours , and we had sex , that 's what we asked for from each other .
within months , she began pleading for a new place .
the place is posh , no surprise , and mom seems as fragile as always , also no surprise .
` ` i need my own place . ''
i woke up in agony at john 's place , my hand swollen double and throbbing with no idea why .
` ` my new place is awesome - penthouse right on the river .
` ` i ' m 99 percent sure we all passed out when we got to my place , '' john said .
pretty much the direct opposite design of my place .
graham stands in the doorway to his home - a place i ' ve never been - smiling down at brooke as she runs her fingers through his hair , her br**sts brushing against his chest .
tomorrow is senior skip day , so i ' m staying over at her place .
` ` i ' m getting my own place .
` ` i doubt i'l feel the need to paint the wal s at my place any time soon , '' i say , scoffing at the notion of wasting my time doing any form of manual labor when i could pay some il egal immigrant almost nothing to do it .
the houses we 're passing on the way are as posh as my parents ' place .
we just got back to his place from a party , the first one we ' ve left together this week .
the mirror across the back wal is angled slightly , reflecting the whole place , so i can face away from the crowd and contemplate the accumulated line of empty shot glasses , but stil watch everything going on .
part of me rises to that - i could have rented her a place if they 'd fol owed through .
staring at the unused rocking chair in the corner of the homey little room , i swore i would leave that place and put it all behind me .
we 'd agreed on twenty or so , and there 's easily two or three times that many wandering around his place and spilling on to the balcony .
i do n't remember exactly what her place looked like when i was here last , because i ' ve only been here once , and it 's been almost a year - but several things appear to be missing .
my mind drifts back a few months , to when we 'd begun hanging out at his place , to the night i taunted him about having a popular novel with predominantly female fans on his bedside table .
a few pecan trees and crepe myrtles dot the landscape here and there , but this flat stretch of acreage was probably reclaimed farmland when the subdivision was built , so there were no old oaks , like those surrounding kathryn and glenn 's place .
even so , we ' ve never met at my place before .
and it 's not like i ca n't afford my own place . '
maybe i could make a deal with a tavern owner to set up in a corner of his place , playing for the sailors when they come in on shore leave .
i 'd give the owner part of what i brought in and maybe he 'd give me a place to stay .
suzette has a spare place in her apartment - you remember ? ''
the two of them had patched up the shack as best they could , but the place was like an icebox .
` ` i want to know everything about the place i ' m supposed to be living in for the rest of my life .
i go to her place .
i want him to have a place , too .
it 's his place , really .
broken bottles and fast - food wrappers litter the sidewalks , a few houses are boarded up , and just about every building is tagged with graffiti curse words , but the allens ' place is actually pretty nice .
` ` where was your favorite place to live ? ''
as we ate , i was finally able to redirect the conversation toward different places he 's lived .
i do n't know what evan had initially planned , but once he saw sara was joining us , he suggested we go back to his place to play pool .
sara discretely invited five of the girls to sleep over at her place after .
it was unsettling to see him in my kitchen - the place of so much pain .
` ` i could never afford any place she 'd take me . ''
` ` got a haircut , went to the gym , made sure my place had n't burned down . ''
` ` i mentioned that i had n't slept at my place in a while , and that i should probably stay there a few nights this week . ''
` ` he never has parties , and i really wanted to see the inside of his place .
his family has a summer place in santa barbara that they hardly ever go to , even in the summer .
` ` can i meet you at your place in a little bit ?
` ` are we staying at her place or going back to yours ? ''
i ' ve honestly never had anyone at my place before .
i anxiously tapped my fingers on the steering wheel the entire drive , hoping she 'd stayed at his place , whoever that might be , or was still passed out .
` ` do you want to come back to my place instead ? ''
you can just meet me at my place when you 're done . ''
` ` it probably has something to do with seeing the mathews ' place .
' because i do n't want to stay in my aunt and uncle 's place alone , and you do n't have plans , so you 're coming with me . '
' they went back to her place , ' he answered , washing a bowl in the sink .
there 's a party on a private beach near my place . '
' i know , ' she droned , ' i ' m grateful cole 's letting us stay at his house , but this place is so awesome . '
' it 's the only place that 's ever felt like a home to me .
' so we need to find another place to stay for the next month , huh ? '
' so you got a place off campus ? '
so this is your place , huh ? '
and now i had to leave the only place i 'd ever considered home .
this place looked more like a page out of a furniture catalog .
she 'd head south toward aunt marguerite 's place . ''
could be she 's got her own place over in nutsville . ''
i call your spirit to this place . ''
is n't that your aunts ' place ? ''
` ` you 're simpler than i thought , if you 're thinkin ' savannah snow wants you anywhere near her place . ''
she stood in the middle of the backyard - waiting , smiling , generally lighting up the place as if she was the christmas tree at a christmas party .
this place is bound so tight , i ca n't get any farther than the kitchen . ''
even though she was in there , and i was out , i still felt better at her place than mine .
i think we both wanted to stay a while longer in the place where mrs . english had never been a puppet , where she 'd been a demon queen all her own .
trying to find a place besides the dar - ee keen where we could get summer jobs together .
it was the same at every house as far as i could see - from darla eaton 's restored federal to the peeling paint of clayton weatherton 's place .
from what genevieve and my mom and aunt prue and obidias trueblood had said , the far keep seemed like the last place a person would voluntarily go .
` ` why , at his place , a course .
it 's just amaz- '' ` ` i ' m not sure i really need to buy a place . ''
on the ride back to her place , julia let lance drive .
` ` we finally got her settled back at her place , and for once , steve agreed to stay with the kids .
` ` they told me last night when i got back from your place .
we were talking about having dinner at my place to save on cash ( she made me promise that we would n't be having my hot pocket standard ) , as we walked to our next classes .
back to your place ? ''
i 'd convince them to stay at my place and stay safe .
since i 'd fled miami , no place had been safe .
we did n't talk about our conversation in nashvil e or about that night at his place , but it lingered on my mind as we made our way to the dorms .
once she 'd woken up , she 'd been all over the place , not able to sit still for longer than five minutes .
the place reminded me more of a love - nest than anything else .
it was like this cabin was no longer a place for just hayden and me .
i had thought about running away and maybe picking up some money playing in the taverns till i got enough to get back to england and jaimy , but i saw yesterday just how far my pennywhistle took me , which was straight to jail , and besides i would n't have no place to stay and winter 's coming on and amy says winters are fierce around here .
chapter 19 ` ` now , you just be outside the back door in half an hour and i 'll go get our escort , '' says i to amy , all excited to be off to visit amy 's place .
i do n't think i ' ve ever been in a prettier place , all bright and cheerful with new white and blue paint , filmy white curtains on the window , and thick rugs on the floor .
` ` but anyway , the raleigh is layin ' next to the essex , which jaimy is posted to , and he comes over and says to come to his house and where 's tink and willy , but i says they 're gone to sea , it 's just him and me now , so we go off together , brothers again as soon as we 're out of sight of the royal navy and we gets in a coach and i ' m feelin ' like a proper nob , i am , and we 're laughin ' and rememberin ' old times , but then we get to his house , which is a pretty fine place , i can tell you , and we go in and i meet his mother , and that dragon takes one look at me and i ' m off to the servants ' quarters for a meager bite with cold tea and then i ' m out the back door by myself .
` ` oh , it would take a while for the mortgages to be called , for the creditors to pick the place apart . ''
her mother was prolly calling her upstairs to tell her to get rid of me quick 'cause i was stmkin ' up the place .
i 'll have to get a job and help keep the place clean , but i ' m all for it ... '' i did n't want to hear this .
i have to admit , uncle carl 's place was nice .
it was n't a rich place by any means ; the outside could ' ve used a new coat of paint and by the looks of the yard , beverlee was n't much the gardening type .
` ` i ' m grateful you and uncle carl gave us a place to live .
` ` listen , '' she went on , ` ` i know you 'll probably want to go find your sister at their place and all that , but do n't .
` ` no , i stayed at zia 's place . ''
all of my savings , the money i have left on the credit card aunt bev gave to me - i would use it all to move her away from jeff , even if i had to find her a place near me in maine .
they called it australian christmas , because i would get presents at my mom 's place one evening and at my dad 's place the next morning , and it would be okay because they would both be christmas day in australia .
they called it australian christmas , because i would get presents at my mom 's place one evening and at my dad 's place the next morning , and it would be okay because they would both be christmas day in australia .
my cell phone rang - mom , asking me how christmas eve at dad 's place was .
his mom 's place is at e ninth and university .
electricity and running water would have been nice , too , but she had n't expected to find a place that fit even the critical needs .
akiva was shaking and racked with magic , and the pair of them were again in the eye of a storm of misery - their world was a storm of misery and they were caught in its center , in the deceptive stillness that had allowed them to forget , once upon a time , that all around them was a stinging whirl of hatred that would catch them - it was everywhere and everything and they 'd been fools to think they could leave their small safe place and not be caught in that vortex like every other living creature in eretz .
` ` too bad we do n't have a place to be alone . ''
` ` so is he serious about finding another place ? ''
that 's two hours away , so we have the place to ourselves for a while .
aimee went back to her place , and i had gone home .
aimee and matt 's love was the tropical beach kind with sunshine and palm trees and white sand - not unlike the place they 'd decided to honeymoon together .
` ` so how is the new place ? ''
hearing it - the normalcy of it - after last night gives me a jolt , like suddenly dreaming yourself back into a place you have n't thought about for a while .
it 's strange : even though the place has been looted , some of the bigger furniture and the books are still there , and if it were n't for the smoke stains creeping up the walls and ceilings , you might expect the owners to come home any moment .
in the end , despite all her talk , and the underground parties and forbidden music , hana does n't want to give up this life , this place : the only home we ' ve ever known .
easier , in many ways , to imagine a place like portland - a place with its own walls and barriers and half - truths , a place where love still flickers into existence but imperfectly .
easier , in many ways , to imagine a place like portland - a place with its own walls and barriers and half - truths , a place where love still flickers into existence but imperfectly .
easier , in many ways , to imagine a place like portland - a place with its own walls and barriers and half - truths , a place where love still flickers into existence but imperfectly .
the whole place has a junky look , a frankenstein facade , like it should n't possibly be standing .
there , we 'll build shelters out of branches and salvaged brick , and finally find a place for ourselves .
` ` when i was in that place away , thinking of you - my two beautiful girls - was the only thing that kept me going .
he found my mother and father a place to live in deering highlands .
i recognize the furniture - the faded striped couch , the rug with its singed tassels , and the stain on the old red throw pillows where jenny spilled her grape juice , still barely visible - from my old house , aunt carol 's place on cumberland .
i do n't know whether i was getting overconfident , or whether , just for a moment , i wanted to pretend : pretend that i was n't a runaway , pretend that i was n't squatting in an unfinished basement with six other girls , pretend that i had a home and a place and a pair , just like she did , just like everyone was supposed to .
he 'd have to go by her place and see for himself .
now there would be things that made this place hers .
we were at his place , back in the same posh room .
i thought you could n't leave this place ? ''
those who survived the war will have to adjust to their new place .
the second i see a huge fountain and a house with more windows than i can easily count i realize the studio and xander are a package deal - they live in the same place .
` ` our place is really small .
do your grandparents have a place to stay ?
it seems silly to take two cars all the way back home and then another car back into downtown to your mom 's place , '' he yells .
i had no idea this engagement party would really be a dinner at her family 's place .
one piney look from you and the clothes start dropping , and then they 're all ' ooooh , your place or mine ? ' ''
the pull from my chest was drawing me away , and more toward the center of whatever place we were in .
my dad was at work , and tommy was fishing with a friend , so we had the place to ourselves .
the place did n't look lived in .
there were no lights on inside cole 's place .
whoever it was had ransacked the place , looking for something .
` ` should we check his place again ? ''
his place had n't changed much .
` ` cole , your place was ransacked . ''
in another corner , there 's a lime - green couch , and i know immediately this is a place where friends come to crash , this is their home away from home .
` ` it is amazing how preserved this place is , '' florence said with a sigh when sylvie saw her out .
sometimes it felt like it was the only place i did belong .
i can t leave this place , she said , with sadness in her voice .
my witch is on board , but you two are going to have to go to her place and pick it up .
when we 'd rented a place together , everyone argued over who was dumber - her for moving into a dive with me or me for moving into somewhere i could n't afford .
we went on a string of dates , and had sex a couple of times at my place .
` ` i can drop you at your place , '' he told me gently .
clarissa 's place . ''
` ` can i get changed at your place ? ''
` ` not if we hurry up and get to your place . ''
he did n't wire me the rent money or help me pick out a place , he just dropped off the keys and told me where i 'd be living for four years .
but the place never felt like mine .
` ` when we were at your place , you were in the shower for like three years .
` ` last time we had a party at our place , there was some use of the broom cupboard . ''
` ` i still have n't been to his place yet . ''
` ` you have n't been to his place yet ? ! ''
when he 's in new york , it 's our place , or sometimes he crashes with the bikers at the clubhouse .
this place has , like , sixteen bedrooms or something .
` ` i thought we 'd rehearse at my place on thursday .
his place ... that was different .
connor and i started to rehearse every day , at his place and - with a lot of persuasion - in the practice rooms at fenbrook .
but it still felt wrong , wandering into her place when she was n't there .
* * * i 'd arranged to meet connor that afternoon at my place , for no better reason than it had a desk we could work at side by side , and i knew he would n't want to do it at fenbrook with everyone watching his struggles .
but did i want to pad around the place bare - legged and with my panties on show ?
whatever she 'd told connor about needing a place to crash , she was in new york to get him back .
` ` we could go to your place , '' he said , and what he was implying made the swirling rush of energy become a deeper , darker heat that twisted straight down to my groin .
` ` well , we started kissing as soon as we got back to my place . ''
with jasmine crashing at my place , it made more sense to work at connor's - besides , his neighbors were more forgiving than mine and we were n't going to have time to be considerate about when we practiced .
` ` seriously , karen , with the money i ' ve saved crashing on your couch and another month without rent , i 'll have enough for a deposit on a new place .
` ` you left your cell at my place .
the bed was the only splash of color in the entire place .
his place was a like a soldier 's barracks .
` ` when we get back to jersey i ' m getting my own place and we are teling everyone that you are mine .
i can see you guys put a lot of love into this place . ''
or do you plan on leaving and finding your own place ? ''
it had taken years , but we had turned the place around .
his voice was honest , as if he really did think our place was worth something .
` ` i knew he would come up with something that worked for our place . ''
i ' m just getting my own place . ''
` ` reminds me of how my mother used to ask if we were raised in a barn when we forgot our place . ''
` ` that would be my place , so technically speaking , you 're sitting in my yard right now . ''
` ` i told your mother it was n't my place , but i should ' ve tried .
and i think right now , his place is at home .
he thoroughly tossed the place , turning furniture upside down and destroying things with no regard in his search .
he had furnished the place with the necessities , nothing fancy , but better than she imagined she would have .
` ` you ca n't tell me you 're not curious why a young girl has no place to go on christmas . ''
` ` this is your place ? ''
i tried to help him out , get his place off the ground upstate , give him a line of credit , but he declined .
my grandparents are long gone now and the place belongs to him and mom .
this place fits you .
unlike at her place we have neighbors close , but the backyard is private and it 's quiet .
they ' ve given me a week to find him a new place to live , which will take money and time , both of which i do n't have a lot of .
i ' m sure we can find him a place to live . ''
the gym is dark except for the strobe lights and other colored lights they have hanging all over the place .
` ` is it still okay for me to leave my car at your place tomorrow , and you take me home when we leave snowshoe ? ''
` ` you invited him to my mom 's place without asking ? ''
` ` was that girl with him when you went over to his place this morning ? ''
` ` i think they were heading back to her place .
` ` you were with sasha , who , from what i heard , seemed really happy to see you , and you did n't think twice about going back to her place .
` ` if macey mchenry wants to come here , '' mom said , ` ` we 'll find a place for her . ''
i was n't exactly blocking off fourth of july weekend to spend at her place in the hamptons , but i planned on playing nice just the same .
i know you may not be able to , but i 'll be here ( at our place ) at seven if you can .
on any other day i might have absorbed every detail of the place - the patchwork quilt , the tackle box , the smell of fresh pine and old mothballs .
i could feel bex and liz swarming to take in every detail of the place , marveling over the fact that the curtains were homemade and the windows were n't bulletproof .
` ` i told you this place was made to prepare for war - world war two , the cold war , and all the wars that could have happened but did n't .
then i looked up and down the crowded benches and realized that his new place was my old place .
and yet , all i could say was , ` ` he spent the summer with her family because ... well ... i guess he probably did n't have any place to go .
i would slip inside the darkness and disappear , be alone in the middle of a hundred people , be myself inside a place where you spend most of your time learning to be somebody else .
but walking into the small , sterile room with a lone metal chair and a window of darkened glass , i could n't imagine the boy i knew inside that place .
but then she remembered that colgan was the kind of place where who your parents were and what they did always seemed to matter .
he hung up and collapsed onto one of the leather sofas as if he owned the place , which , kat had to remind herself , he did .
an ornate railing ran along a cozy porch , and the whole place looked almost like it had been made from gingerbread .
what no one was expecting was the sight of a short teenage girl walking into the room where the hale family was waiting , as easily as if she owned the place .
the gallery showing has ended and holder and i are going back to his place .
the best part about his place is it 's situated directly next to a coffee shop called perk me up !
when i stomp into my own place , my dad is sitting at the dining room table , still on the phone as he shuffles through some papers .
you can have my car to drive to her place . ''
after dinner , jess and i convince her parents to let us go back to my place to crash .
` ` let me go on the dates in my dad 's place . ''
` ` you guys should come to my place tonight , '' kyle says .
i hook my arm through nathan 's and say , ` ` do you have any ice cream at your place ? ''
i walk inside his place .
since i ' m keeping mutt on an extender leash at the park so he does n't impregnate anyone else 's dog , my mom 's place is like freedom city for him .
` ` let 's go back to your place , '' he says when we come up for air .
the inside of the place we 'll be sleeping for the next three weeks is n't pretty .
` ` the entire place is one big bathroom .
` ` he sleeps there more than he does at his own place . ''
5 days until alabama after our weekly gorging at joe 's , jj and i are hanging back at my place , playing some nintendo wii .
back at ty 's place , i wait in the living room as he visits his mother , who i stil have n't met , then i watch as he checks on vanessa , who 's already asleep .
but when i asked , ` ` can we go to your place instead of parking ?
` ` i saw her out the window when she came over to your place last weekend . ''
mom and theresa bought a place in oldham , tennessee , a tiny town smack dab in the middle of the great smoky mountains .
bryant speeds up , leaving me to think about how lucky i am to have a place to live .
` ` can i sleep at your place ? ''
we could go to your place , '' i hinted .
` ` has rixon seen your place ? ''
it had to have been after he left my place .
` ` want to tell me what you were doing at her place last night ? ''
overwhelmed by that sudden fear , i said , ` ` do n't come back until you 're ready to tell me what you were doing at her place . ''
since i was pregnant , we decided we needed a bigger place .
` ` i ' m dropping you off , then i ' m going back to my place . ''
rixon and i spent the morning playing xbox at his place .
the whole place looked like it could use a fresh coat of paint .
` ` you were at patch 's place ? ''
my mom was home , so we drove over to his place to watch a movie .
trouble is , it was dark when we drove over , and i do n't remember how to get to his place .
if his place was near the industrial district , i was betting he lived in one of the brick apartment buildings on the edge of old town coldwater .
` ` we have lemonade at my place .
it was n't like i could call detective basso and tell him we were headed to my place .
` ` we should go to your place . ''
` ` welcome to my place . ''
if you do n't want to stay at my place , fine .
i ' m sending a limo over to your place tomorrow at nine .
let me take you back to my place . ''
i ' m taking you back to my place , this time for good .
` ` we do n't have to go back to my place , angel .
or , if you decide you want to sleep at my place , on opposite sides of my bedroom with a do not cross line drawn down the middle , i 'll do it .
` ` only downside to your place is the disturbingly low amount of extraneous toiletries .
i 'd stayed the night at patch 's place for the first time last night , and while the attraction and temptation had definitely been there , we 'd managed to sleep in different rooms .
after i finish up here , i could swing by your place .
your place is as good as any .
i 'll come over to your place later and we 'll talk it over .
since i did n't see the point in going back to school without a valid excuse slip , and since , if i left now , i 'd only catch the last hour before the dismissal bell , i decided to stay at patch 's place and do some thinking - slash - soul - searching .
but i can swing by your place later . ''
i parked a few blocks from patch 's place and let myself inside .
chapter 19 i left patch 's place , intending to drive home , all the while combating a violent wrenching in my stomach that felt part guilt , part genuine illness .
` ` you ' ve never been to his place before ?
there was a lot of traffic heading toward your place , but i assumed it was for the party .
i stopped once on my way to patch 's place .
` ` he drove me to portland and made sure i had a safe place to stay .
` ` this is n't a place you want to call home .
` ` why do n't you head back to my place for a shower , and i 'll pick up takeout from the borderline ? ''
i ' ve never been to patch 's place . ''
i did n't know if this was evidence of a recent struggle , or left over from patch 's hasty departure nearly two weeks ago , when pepper had hired thugs to destroy the place .
i had n't checked the mirror before leaving patch 's place , but i had a pretty good idea of how miserable and downtrodden i looked .
you can come back to my place .
when adam graduated from high school last spring and moved out of his parents ' place and into the house of rock , i had n't expected much to change .
i moved home , back to my parents ' place .
i picture her in a booth back in our place in oregon , waving her fork around , as she critiqued her own performance .
i was having roommate issues at the time , which is a repeating theme in my life , so i wound up crashing at his place a lot , and after he left , i ' accidentally ' took the key . ''
i moved out of the house i 'd been sharing with fitzy in portland and into my own place .
i might ' ve just let the run end there , but liz stopped by my new place one afternoon and asked me to just give it a few months ' breathing space and see how i felt .
liz and sarah were getting their own place .
` ` your place is right here , '' i whispered , laying her down and hugging her close .
i tell her i need to sleep ` ` my place is a few blocks away , '' she says .
from all her talk of moving , i 'd imagined a place full of boxes , something impersonal and antiseptic .
todd stayed at my place last night , during the storm . ''
` ` i was wondering if we could go to your place for a while . ''
i knew that if puck wanted to get into a house , no anti - faery charm in the world would stop him short of building the whole place out of iron .
this place was massive ; i could walk right past the iron prince and never know .
i was dehydrated , hallucinating , i think , stumbling around for a place to stay when i saw a hotel and restaurant called saba .
or if you 're ever in boston and need a place to crash - or store your stuff . ''
i had a place to stay , anyway , and i was leaving the next morning .
so i think we are both surprised when i ask if i can stay at her place .
said you might need a place to stay .
` ` it 's how this place has smelled for twenty years , '' bram would say when he and i would visit the flat together to fix a faucet or deliver keys to a new tenant .
it no longer looks like the place i lived in .
i try to stay in this place as i change out of my clothes , scrub the makeup off my face .
it 's certainly not a place that a baby should live .
i throw open the windows to air our the place , and sunshine and fresh air come blowing in .
` ` you wan na go back to my place ?
hell , i would have left a long time ago , but how would i rent a place ?
` ` we can go back to my place , '' i offer .
when we pull up the driveway of a one - story duplex , he explains , ` ` you 'll sleep at my place tonight , and meet up with the rest of the group tomorrow afternoon . ''
it 's obvious from the look of the place he lives alone .
the place is n't like my house back in paradise - it 's too plain and too unused , like he just comes here to sleep and that 's it .
i worked construction a bunch of summers for my uncle and am pretty sure this place is put together with spit and glue ... and a few nails that popped years ago and nobody bothered to fix .
` ` let 's go to your place , '' i tell her .
i ' m going to a campground so i can at least have a place to do the four s's - shit , shower , shave , and sleep . ''
after i ' ve washed up in the happy camper campgrounds community bathroom / shower area , i pull out a light blanket i bought when i was living at rio 's place .
` ` i 'll sleep on the couch , '' i tell him , feeling like i ' m begging for a place to stay in my own house .
` ` you know i do n't like taking nothin ' from nobody , but i need a place to stay . ''
now i have to deal with julio needing a place to stay .
` ` he needs a place to crash . ''
and julio was practically begging for a place to stay .
at the urging of henri - who 's desperate to get his hands on sam 's magazine after combing through everything that came up on the internet and finding nothing like sam 's magazine - i decide to just go over to his place unannounced .
i had already accepted the fate of the rest of my days being spent alone , an itinerant wanderer with no place to go .
six has been recovering beside me , and neither she nor i have left this place since we arrived , relying on sam to head out for food and supplies .
plus , this place is my home , and i ' m not convinced there 's much better out there .
like when we would leave some place behind and we 'd drive for hours and hours and hours down the highway headed someplace i 'd never even heard of when all i wanted to do was just get out of the car .
a girl from my school might be dead because of me , and adelina and i are leaving the orphanage in the middle of winter without a place to stay .
if they were waiting for us at my place , then even more of them are waiting for us at sarah 's . ''
we rarely even stayed in one place long enough for me to meet other kids , let alone make friends - ashley was the first girl katarina even allowed over to our house .
' maybe my friend and i could swing by your place later this evening .
' how could you be so confident this place would be yours to come back to ?
if we had made a place like this , then maybe i would be as confident and strong as nine .
and then i realize that we 're never going to be able to come back to this place .
now , though , watching the sun glint off the angles of the chandelier , i realize how badly i do n't want to leave this place .
the convertible handles like a dream and i cruise over to her place following all of sandor 's rules .
trust me , after spending the last four years in this place , i ' ve got a pretty good idea of some changes i 'll make .
i ca n't help but indulge in a fantasy like i used to when observing washington dc , about what kind of improvements could be made to this place .
i realize that to her this place is n't a home .
` ` you can arrange to have those shipped back to your parents ' place .
this place could go up in flames at any second .
i tell my parents i ' m going to stay over at john 's house , because that 's easier than the truth , and john 's told me if it does n't work out with jasper717 , then i can always show up late at night at his place , because his parents will assume it 's nicole sneaking in .
i started to wonder if something was going to happen that very night , but when it got to be two in the morning , john and veronica said they had to go , and jasper said he was from brooklyn , and i did n't know where he was staying , but i could n't really ask him to stay at my place ( because of my parents ) , and it did n't feel right trying to stay later at mitchell 's , because he 'd started to gather all the bottles and glasses , which is a pretty obvious sign for everyone to go home and go to sleep .
they asked us if we had a place to stay .
... daemon wanted me to stay the night at his place .
` ` you can stop by my place first , before the party , if you want ? ''
that if i ever decide to leave this place , i ' m going to be a snack pack for an arum .
` ` the elders are just grateful to have a place to live in peace and be basically separated from the human race .
i did n't want to jump to conclusions , and i was too afraid to ask , because he could be suggesting that it was a place i 'd like to visit versus living there ... with him .
no matter what risks he is willing to take , i ' m not comfortable breathing the air in this place .
it would be nice for people to have places to go .
` ` he had a place ... he was working on some secret project . ''
i know we need a permanent place to stay , where father can find me if he gets my messages .
` ` soon as she woke up , the whole place fell to pieces .
there have been way too many times she 's wanted to let that out on mom , but since i wo n't let her , it 's easier if we avoid my place as much as possible .
she 's a waitress a few miles from our place .
you have some nerve bringing this shit to my place . ''
we rattle on some more , and i look out at my beloved boston , a place i had so looked forward to seeing again , a place i know i must now leave .
i guess she 's wondering what she 's gon na do when she gets to her old place .
` ` our old place .
` ` come on , boy , we ' ve got to get you back to our place ' fore dark 'cause you gon na get mighty cold out here , considerin ' you ai n't got no clothes on you .
we had spent the last night at katy 's place , getting as comfortable as we could on the few straw pallets that were left in the house .
somehow he has managed to find a clean white tea towel , which he drapes over his arm before he pours the tea from the battered pot we had gotten at katy 's place into the cup he had picked up from god - knows - where .
then the plaster rained down from the ceiling and the windows all broke , so 's they had to let her out , else the place 'd fall about their ears . ''
on my way , i saw clementine up in the kitchen window of the owens place and called out to her to come running and she did , catching up to me at the foot of the dock .
` ` what you gon na do , keep me in a shed out back of yer place when you marries her ?
i had thought to myself that place would be a nice cozy set of rooms , for a baby is certain to be in the offing .
` ` for i have no place else to go . ''
` ` my place is here , '' i answered .
the room seemed so empty ; i had gone to a place he could not go .
my cousin was going to let me live at his place , but that did n't work out , so here i am .
` ` it 's kinda hard to stay away from you when we 're living in the same place , '' he said .
this your place ? ''
maybe tomorrow housing would be open to finding him another place .
i just hoped if housing found him another place , he would go quietly .
she grabbed her bag and for the first time since moving in , i had the place to myself .
i also want to see your new place . ''
somehow he had completely won her over , and he became a fixture at our place , as did dev and sean .
i 'd been planning on vegging out for a few hours , since i had the place to myself .
we walked back to our place slowly , trying to avoid tripping on unsteady feet .
this is your place and i 'd hope if i brought paul here , you 'd be cool with that . ''
she was exhausted and mase decided to stay the night with her , and paul was taking renee back to his place .
` ` we need to get our own place , '' hunter said .
we drove around waterville , and i showed hunter my school , the library and all the places i used to go when i was younger and needed a place to go other than home .
paul had a cold , so he 'd stayed at his place for the night , but he texted me and so did megan .
` ` so why do we not go back to my place , and i will paint a miniature portrait of you .
i pulled the covers up to his neck and tucked him in so he would not get cold , cleaned up the place a bit , put on my cloak and wrapped it about me , and plopped into bed with my back to him .
a quick check shows no one in the room - i suspect the family that lives in this place is cowering upstairs - and i go over to pick up my dispatches and thrust them back in my pouch .
there 's no $ $ $ for me to move into the school dorms , and robin 's a sophomore with a rare single who goes home on the weekends and lets me use her place when i need to escape the building .
mom could never afford on her own a place as nice as the one her parents bought for us .
how is that possible and why does it sound so damn good and if the yugo does n't start within one second i am outta here , i do n't care how tempted i am to try for another seven minutes of being nick 's girlfriend after we ' ve got caroline back to my place .
i hand him the phone and the driver talks to thom , figures out where he is and how to get him home to my place in englewood cliffs , then hands the phone back to me .
but knowing i can stay in a place i love and keep playing with guys who i actually know how to get along with and talk to ... i do n't see the point in giving that up .
probably not the smartest move when even i know that maybe crashing at bishop 's place was n't the best idea .
maybe go check out your place . ''
even now - on dayna 's bad days , when the pain came roaring back and she started to cry , when his mom hosed the place down with febreze and invited over her newest piece of shit date , and late at night dodge could hear the bed frame hitting the wall , like a punch in the stomach every time - he thought about sinking into that dark space , cool and private .
of all the places he had lived - chicago , dc , dallas , richmond , ohio , rhode island , oklahoma , new orleans - new york smelled the best .
heather 's trailer was too small , dodge would n't have invited them to his place , and nat 's parents were home all day doing a garage - clean .
but the home was her place , and she was always scrubbing and straightening and yelling at bishop to take his dirty feet off the coffee table , for god 's sake .
he 'd never stayed in a place long enough to make them or trust them .
the gun - the one heather had stolen from trigger - happy jack 's place .
one day i hope to live in a place where i do n't have to worry about neighbors gossiping .
his parents were out of town , and i went over to his place and one thing led to another and we just did it . ''
` ` and for letting me crash at your place . ''
` ` you should prob'ly tell me now so i do n't have to go rummagin ' through your place tryin ' to find it . ''
i do n't plan on bein ' anyone 's boyfriend , but i would n't mind bringin ' a couple of girls from flatiron high back to alex 's place just to prove i ' m the complete opposite of him .
i ' ve never lived in a place where you 're not judged by the color of your skin or your parents ' bank accounts , so i ' m wary of madison 's immediate interest in me .
go back in madison 's house and find a place to crash , or sleep in the car .
when i get back to alex 's place , i find him sitting at the table with a mug of coffee in his hands .
` ` turns out the place where he 's living is subsidized student apartments .
i ' ve never lived in a place where you could n't easily throw a stone at your next - door neighbor 's window .
it 's not as big as madison 's place , but it 's still bigger than any place i ' ve ever lived .
it 's not as big as madison 's place , but it 's still bigger than any place i ' ve ever lived .
his parents were in the middle of a messy divorce and he needed a place to stay . ''
` ` kinda like you needed a place to stay . ''
next time i ' m at the hardware store i need to get some black paint to darken this place to match my mood .
` ` i 'll just crash at my brother 's place , '' he says .
alex asks me when i arrive at his place at five a.m. ` ` i ' m movin ' back in , '' i say , pushing past him .
she asked me how my date was , and i texted her back before i came to your place .
` ` i ' m having a barbeque at my place sunday night .
` ` this place is a dump , '' i say , staring at the random pieces of scrap metal and wooden skids piled up in the yard .
she lives in a care facility for people with disabilities , but spends most weekends at alex and brit 's place .
` ` you 're lucky you made it out alive , '' enrique says when i show up to his place a half hour later .
i put on a shirt enrique lends me after he calls mi'ama and tells her i 'll be bunking at his place tonight .
` ` you pushed me away that night at your place ... you were right . ''
the apartment was lit up , so i could see inside perfectly as a man who was most definitely not my grandfather searched the place .
amazingly , this was only the second time he 'd seen her in her underwear - unless you counted the week they spent at his parents ' place in avalon on the jersey shore , when she was in her bikini .
` ` the place is crawling with bed bugs . ''
ella was at the gallery , and mike was at a lacrosse clinic , which meant aria and ezra had the place to themselves for the hour .
` ` since we have the place to ourselves , i thought i 'd show you my bedroom . ''
` ` i could get my own place . ''
have you seen their new place yet ?
when she 'd first taken her sister 's place in rosewood , she 'd spent hours in there , admiring the cashmere blankets , leather pet clothes , and organic treats even though her family did n't have a pet .
unexpectedly , melissa was going to prague thursday night after graduation , so they would have the place to themselves .
the place smelled like a mix of dust and cat litter and seemed sketchy in a way hanna could n't quite put her finger on .
hanna was used to luxurious houses like noel 's , spencer 's , and even her dad 's new place , but people who lived in this neighborhood had more money than they knew what to do with , and they did n't mind flaunting it .
the place had a museumlike stillness , as though it were a movie set , not someone 's actual house .
i ' m sure she thought everything through before trashing this place . ''
` ` how could she live in a place like this ? ''
the place had a labyrinthine garden in its front yard .
she sat down on the edge of the bed and flipped through the binder that had come with the room , searching to see if this place had a spa .
there had to be something in this place that did n't scream i ' m rich , i ' m suburban , and i ' m totally boring .
ali 's family also had a place down here , just across the man - made lake , and she and spencer had divided their time between the two houses , lying out on the sand , swapping clothes , sneaking slugs from spencer 's parents ' dewar 's bottle , and flirting with boys downtown .
ever since kate and isabel set foot in this house , hanna had been spending all her time either locked in her bedroom , retail - therapying at the king james mall , or hiding at her boyfriend lucas 's place .
there 's no electricity at my place , though - i guess ice knocked down some power lines .
it 's the only place where i ' ve felt like i belonged .
the apartment near shirley 's is the longest mom has ever stayed in one place and it sucks that trent is the reason why .
i ' m scared that if you have a place to run , a person to run to , when things get tough you 'll go . ''
plaster flakes from the walls when a train rolls by , the wood smells like old men when it rains and rats the size of rabbits call it home , but this place beats the hell out of foster care .
she 'll be shocked when she sees my place .
were you at his place ? ''
i was at our place .
` ` was n't your place . ''
i can teach you how to budget and help you find a place to live and all sorts of fun adult things .
` ` is it like your place ? ''
but after endless turns , endless twists through a dark world , we found a place that welcomed us .
after confirming the path was clear , i left the little house and headed for the oakses ' place .
fade followed quietly as i wove through town , back toward the oakses ' place .
until tonight , i had thought of her only as someone giving me a place to stay out of obligation , out of charity .
i noticed anew how cozy and nicely kept it was , not fancy like the bigwater place , but it suited me fine .
it 's not a large place since he was a widower with no mind to remarry after his wife died .
the other half stepped up on the porch , reluctantly tantalized by the idea of a place of my own .
` ` i ' m sure you have places to be .
their hope renewed my own , fortified my determination to find the place i belonged .
he was n't stepping forward so they 'd have a place to stay .
it was smaller than their place in salvation had been , just a room full of beds , really , and they were odd , too , stacked on top of each other , so there was no privacy at all .
there was no tree branch to swing onto as there had been at the oakses ' place so i dropped and hoped for the best .
this time , i got a better look at the place , and i saw she 'd made it homier .
` ` gavin lost his mum and dad , and he needs a place to stay .
` ` i 'd like to see the place i 'll be calling home . ''
awed and delighted , i stood inside with fade , unable to believe we had a place of our own .
i 'd been busy with momma oaks , making the place cozy .
it is possible that an epic merely wants a nice place to live and will not cause problems . ''
it would be hard to see a passing helicopter from a bedroom window - but other places might have a better view .
` ` before i got my own place , i lived with uncle falk in greenwich since i was eleven .
unlike the rest of the place , which had been in my family 's hands since the beginning of time ( or even longer ) , it was at least reasonably comfortable .
you girls go to my place with raphael , '' he said briefly .
gideon 's blood was all over the place .
i know we just met and all , but if you need a place to go , you can come to my place .
i know we just met and all , but if you need a place to go , you can come to my place .
` ` so can i take you back to my place ? ''
i thought my place was bad , but it 's a mansion with a fountain and a circular driveway compared to this , and the trailer i grew up in was the four seasons .
i ' m pissed at all my other friends too , so i ca n't crash at their places , and amelia still lives in the dorms and has a roommate that is very strict about visitors .
or maybe i could just go to his place and then escape to the library .
` ` well , javi tends to bring a lot of girls home on a regular basis , so unless you want to know what he sounds like when he gets off , then your place might be better . ''
i 'd spent most of the afternoon sprucing up the place as much as it could possibly be spruced .
we decide to watch a movie , and it 's deja vu from when we 'd been at his place , only i had a lot of girlie movies that were hazel 's .
` ` i just needed a place to go . ''
this is one of those times when you need a best friend , but i ' m on the outs with mine right now , so i keep it to myself as jett and i drive back to his place .
` ` did n't warner know about your old place ? ''
there 's a murmur of consent and that 's all we need , really , before we 're off and heading back to my old place .
a few things are knocked over and the place needs a serious cleaning , but it 'll work .
i have no idea what to expect i have no idea what my life will be like in this new place and i ' m being nailed in the stomach by every exquisite embellishment , every lavish accessory , every superfluous painting , molding , lighting , coloring of this building .
i ' ve worked so hard to find a safe place for my brother and in one morning you ruined years of planning .
they kept reassuring me that when i got back , my place was still there , and they were n't looking for a replacement .
i know some of you have been imprisoned for a very long time , but now you 're free - and i have a wonderful place for you !
she married , had children , and had her own antique business in a time when a woman 's place was still considered to be the home .
` ` if i put him back , he 'll have no place to go ! ''
for a dozen years or so , the mansion was the talk of texas ; however , lightning strikes the rich and poor alike , and on one unfortunate night , a sizable lightning bolt set the place aflame .
lake and i came back to my place after a movie .
i needed a place to stay last night and you told me i could stay here .
` ` he needed a place to crash for a month or so . ''
he does n't get along with his new step - dad , so he 's looking for his own place , '' i say .
hopefully he and vaughn have gotten to know each other pretty well the whole three days they ' ve been ' back ' together ... because he 's about to need a new place to live .
i try to act casual with my plan to corral the boys at my place .
he smiles , not really wanting to appear desperate , but i know how much they need a place of their own .
i could feel wolfe 's shock at the state of the place , his shock as great as my own .
there were pieces of old furniture here and there , a dismal attempt to make the place look cosy .
` ` if we do n't find a safe place to stay that 's on you ! ''
i think we 'll be fine as long as we do n't ask them for a place to sleep . ''
to be perfectly honest , i liked having the place to myself , but i was ready for someone new to talk to .
why else would i come to this place if not for you ?
thank goodness she 'd been assured the final interview was more a formality than anything else - otherwise she 'd be stuck in new york during a blizzard with no place to go .
she knew she was taking a foolhardy chance driving through a blizzard , but she would just go to the nearest town ten miles down the road - surely there had to be a place for her to stay until the blizzard had passed and she could figure out her options .
ricky is used to my using his place as a second home , and donna is too classy to bring up the sore subject of my needing to freeload off her .
donna says , ` ` sundaes at my place ! ''
we all sword fight with the long dessert spoons , getting whipped cream and cherries and caramel and chocolate sauce and nuts all over the place .
` ` do you want to go to my place ? ''
after innocent blood was shed and my life ripped into hopeless shreds of misery , she was the only one left to give me a place to stay and help my body heal .
` ` eden , if you should ever need a place to go , or an ear to listen , i will always be here for you .
i imagined that was kiran 's place but wondered why it was bare and uncomplicated .
we had returned to the farm , another place that had been destroyed by battle .
we 're looking for a place to live .
this place once had electricity , then , which confirms my guess that there 's a generator somewhere .
` ` i 'll find us a place for the night . ''
` ` so , when your parents get back , we will discuss finding our own place , '' jupiter broke the silence after scraping his bowl clean and giving a tentative glance back at a tupperware still half full of soup .
` ` absolutely , '' my dad agreed , ` ` although you will probably do better to find a place out here .
` ` at the back of your place . ''
she smirked and got out of the car , shivering at the cold night air and the five minute walk she had to lucien 's place .
when we get to your place , he 'll be there . ''
they were in saffron 's home , a place she knew for some mysterious reason , marita could never find in her trace .
she had been expecting some withered old man with a long white beard , wearing ancient greek dress and banging around the place with a staff .
the place was starting to feel more homely .
it was the place she still called home , where she 'd lived with her parents for the unshattered portion of her life , until they split and her mom moved away and dad 's confident stride began to resemble a shuffle , like that of the blue claw crabs at victor 's , where he used to be the chef .
` ` how did you even get a key to his place ? ''
i tap my fingers on the door , watching the houses move by in a blur and wonder what his place will look like .
in the army , he 'd carved out a real place for himself where no one needed to know that he 'd once been an unwanted little boy .
as we moved through a spacious entry hall into a long corridor lined with mirrors and ornamented in gold , i thought how different this place was from the little palace .
you have no idea what she 's like , what this place has been like for me .
it literally looked as though a hurricane had hit this place .
i 'd have sorted you out a place to stay , a hotel or something . ''
he lifts his questioning brows and now , forgetting what it was i was initially going to say , i say instead , ` ` just to have a place to stay is wonderful .
but then apparently you have nowhere to live and james being james offers you a place to stay because he feels obliged to , then you just rock on up here and walk about like you own the place . ''
do you need money , a place to stay ?
did i tell you that kylie is stopping by to see our place and say hi and stuff ? ''
danny and i can head back to his place if you want ? ''
we need to get our own place soon .
yeah , andrew and i are seriously gon na have to get a place of our own .
says she 's saving for a place of her own .
and i ' m not saying that people who choose to stay in one place all their life and raise a family are wrong .
they were looking for a place , and we could have used the income , plus it eliminated us having to pay any more utility bills .
with them living in madrid , it gave us a place to stay while we were there ourselves .
natalie and blake moved out and got a new place on the other side of town .
i mean , no , '' i added quietly , ` ` you can bring her back to my place afterwards . ''
she 's staying and we ' ve got to figure out a place for her to stay .
she 'd pulled all her photography prints by margaret bourke - white and annie leibovitz off the walls and her collection of classic novels and sci - fi thrillers off the shelves ; the place now looked like a pay - by - the - hour motel room .
the smell of the lavender room spray my mom drenched the place with .
` ` this place is a mess , '' he final y said .
emma wished there were clues in sutton 's room , but she 'd already ransacked the place several times over since she arrived .
get him to invite you back to his place so you can steal his poems . ''
we 'll meet at my place , eat and get ready , and then head over to set up for the secret party .
thank god no one i knew was in this place to overhear emma 's shameful admission .
i had no memory of that , but ever since i 'd woken up at emma 's place in las vegas , i 'd felt a deep , familiar ache that had nothing to do with being dead .
someone went through and ripped the place to bits .
emma suspected ethan tried to maintain the place as well as he could , but it was hard for him to keep up with it with his dad gone - mr . landry had more or less walked out on them a few years ago , when mrs . landry had been diagnosed with cancer .
he tore the place apart looking for her .
it was like the dark hallway was pointing at her , as if i needed any other hints that i needed to get her out of this place .
` ` i ' m taking emma back to my place for the night .
` ` i most certainly am not going back to your place with you . ''
` ` but i ca n't go back to your place .
` ` i have utter faith jules can take care of herself if ty dares stumble through that door , i ' ve got more than enough space at my place .
` ` you know what the big deal is , '' she said , all elusive and vague again , like i was a mind reader , but i could take an educated guess that the big deal included her going to my place to spend the night while her boyfriend of six years waited for her outside her dorm room .
` ` okay , then we 'll head to my place .
how appropriate , '' emma said as we cruised down the last few blocks before we 'd be at my place .
i 'd never been able to quite figure out why the place had never had the warmth of a home until now .
` ` and the next time you lure her to your place , for any duration of time , you 're a dead man . ''
once the doc is done , you 're all going to get in austin 's car and drive to my place .
i wanted to call her , just to do a quick check - in to make sure she was doing all right and they 'd all made it to my place , but i could n't risk it .
i shouted an instant later , driving my palm into the living room wall of joseph and cora 's place .
` ` take it to your place if you 're planning on doing this tonight . ''
the only ` ` place '' i had was a bedroom in father 's house and the only action i 'd get there was outmaneuvering the back of his hand if i even tried to bring emma into my bedroom .
it was the place i 'd lived for close to two centuries with my blood family .
it was the place i 'd raise my children .
` ` ivy , if you ever need anything , i mean anything , money , a place to stay , a plane ticket , anything , you let me know .
i can feel her here - this real gentle presence - just like commander amanda gallico , searching for a place to flourish .
but , i tell myself , it would n't hurt to run by her place after work and pay her a friendly visit , catch her by surprise before she has a chance to slap on any lipstick .
you go on back to my place .
` ` you 'll be at your place in thirty minutes ? ''
we 'll have our own place and rent furniture and everything .
and from the easy way he carried himself , from the way she 'd seen his companions gazing at him with admiration and respect , she could tell that he was utterly at home here - as if this place had been made for him , and he never needed to question his spot in it .
it was n't because she did n't want his money - though she truly didn't - but rather because , for the first time ever , this was a place that was hers .
the running water was a luxury the previous owner had spent a fortune on - and had been the biggest priority for celaena when she was looking for places to live .
if she were doing something that she did n't want others to find out about , if she were some foul creature who needed a place to hide ... maybe she was a fool for looking into it , but she had to know .
antimatter does n't question this , and says that he 's just gotten his own place and is working as the manager of a coffee shop .
` ` i ' m not sure we should go to my place .
you think you will never find a place .
` ` i may be looking for a new place to live come november , when bo figures out that the temp gets fairly low .
` ` we 're lucky to have this place .
he had a place .
amazed at this new , shocking perspective of the place he 'd lived in since birth .
steam fills the place as does wood smoke from the fires to heat the tubs , and there are piles of dirty laundry everywhere .
i certainly understand the comfort of knowing one 's place .
i imagine she went to ... his place , but what happened there , i ca n't guess .
in deference to the children living there in that place , though , i managed not to do it .
all have their studies , but all work as well - there 's constant laundry to be done and the place has to be kept clean , too .
the next morning jeffrey wanders into the kitchen wearing his if idiots could fly , this place would look like an airport shirt .
his text says : have you ever been to a place you 're supposed to love , but all you can think about is home ?
he never let me see his progress , but when it was all done he announced that i should come to dinner at his place , and we 'd celebrate my return to italy , and he 'd show me the painting .
i start to imagine our place in jackson , only a few miles from here , the aspen tree in the front yard , the wind in the pines , the sense of well - being and warmth that i always associate with our house , the squirrels staking out their territory in the trees , chattering , the birds flitting from branch to branch .
` ` let 's just head to your place . ''
the place was pretty clean for being the bedroom of a twenty - five - year - old musician who lived with four other guys .
` ` everyone knows that an invitation over to her place for anything after , say , eight at night , maybe even seven , is a booty invitation .
` ` i 'd have to run back to your place ?
the whole place felt like there was someone other than sam living here .
it was a place i felt like i could be comfortable in .
i 'd never driven it because sam always seemed to enjoy being behind the wheel , but she was in no shape to pilot this vehicle back to her place .
he gave me a lazy grin and sat back , one arm stretched across the sofa , looking like he owned the place .
own your own place .
i needed to get into one of those condo units that had a security door in the front , like sam 's place .
the only females i 'd ever want in this place were sam and my mom .
next thing i knew , i was waking up in a pile of drool and adam was standing over me telling me that drake 's at your place .
` ` probably look for a place to live . ''
` ` there might be someone in my apartment complex who has a place .
instead , i asked him , ` ` tell me about your place . ''
i swept up all the debris until the place looked like we 'd never been there .
at one time , this place would looked like it belonged in a magazine .
hence tonight 's date , which included a movie of his choosing and , since his parents were at their lake house for the weekend , some alone time at ryan 's place .
` ` why do n't we just bail now , '' asks ashley , ` ` and find a new place to be ? ''
` ` be that as it may , '' she says , ` ` we understand you have no place to go once you 're released , and rather than leave you at the mercy of child protective services , who certainly can not protect you from any future clapper attacks , we are prepared to offer you a place to live - with the full approval of the juvenile authority , of course - in exchange for your services . ''
` ` be that as it may , '' she says , ` ` we understand you have no place to go once you 're released , and rather than leave you at the mercy of child protective services , who certainly can not protect you from any future clapper attacks , we are prepared to offer you a place to live - with the full approval of the juvenile authority , of course - in exchange for your services . ''
right now my dad 's in town renting a forklift to get rid of all this junk and clean the place up . ''
` ` i ' m sure you young ladies have places to be . ''
and he 'd finally have a place to belong .
her window gives her a view of a garden and not much more , so she really does n't know how big the place is and how many are here .
` ` if the adr is the full - on mess you say it is , do you even have a place to go ? ''
she must appear to have a place to go and vapid people to talk to about her vapid life .
this town house is the place he comes back to after the various speaking trips .
if the tashi'ne home gave connor cabin fever , being stuck in una 's place is like being packed in a shipping crate again .
we 'll take him back with us to your place . ''
from long discussions i have had with number two daughter , i know she feels safe there , and it is to that place she consistently returns . ''
` ` so , party tonight at our place ? ''
` ` party at your place , right ? ''
our place was packed like it always was for these events .
it was a dickhead move , but it 's the first time you 're at my place , you come in there , start drinking and then ... '' i took a deep breath .
` ` because you want me , but not when i ' m drunk and puking all over the place ? ''
shortcake was inside that place , with a mom that made anthony bates mommy look stable and loving .
the windows are open , the breezes blow through the thin gauzy curtains , and there is none of his stink in the place .
` ` i got a football scholarship sir ; and gramps said he would help out with a place to stay in austin . ''
she had been over to our place a few times but jeff always made sure i was never home when she was over .
` ` ell 's maybe you should plan on staying the night at my place .
i love you with all of my heart and the moment i got out of your truck earlier today all i could think about was being here , right here on this ranch , sitting on this porch with you and watching sunsets and sunrises with you and seeing our kids running all over the place and emma teaching me how to make all your favorite foods .
she told me she wanted to live in the country , on a place not as big as the ranch but with plenty of land for horses .
gunner had been staying at my place more often than i stayed at his house .
we went to chuy 's for dinner , gunner 's favorite restaurant , and then back to my place to watch a movie .
do you mind if i go to fado 's for a quick beer and then i 'll head over to your place ?
jefferson actually bought her for his new place . ''
` ` we need heather ... .. '' ari took out her cell phone and next thing i heard was code blue meet us at my place in thirty .
i do n't think he even thought to look here at heather 's place . ''
after i got out of the hospital gunner moved me into his place so he could take care of me .
` ` no ... .she 's so pissed and just started calling me a mother f**king dickwad for no reason when we got back to her place so i just left and came home . ''
` ` you want to get the hell out of here and go back to my place ? ''
` ` i want to go back to my place for awhile , '' she whispered .
now you want to stay at your place tonight ? ''
i 'll come back to your place later tonight .
we drove in silence until i pulled up to her place .
` ` why do n't you stop by my place on your way home ?
i 'll stop by your place .
maybe packing up would help keep my mind off of shit for a while before i head over to ari 's place .
i felt like it was n't my place . ''
man , we ' ve got a lot of shit to get unpacked in both the cabin and your place .
` ` i thought we were going to drop off your jeep at your place , so you could ride with me , '' i said .
* * * josh and i emptied the trailer on his truck , and then we brought my truck and trailer over to my place .
i guess i ' m heading over to our place .
i can drive his car back to your place , and jen can follow me .
josh : i ' m sorry you had to come out so late last night , but thanks for letting me crash at your place .
i ' m actually taking over my father 's ranch , so he thought it would best if i came and met with you , to check out your place . ''
` ` hey , i ' m almost to your place .
i watched as lynda drove off in the jeep toward emma and garrett 's place .
i walked into the kitchen and made a mental note to have the place cleaned up before ari got home .
chapter thirty - four heather one the way back to garrett and emma 's place , i tried desperately to keep my hands from shaking .
i ended up having to drive josh 's truck back to y' all 's place .
when i walked into jeff and ari 's place , jeff was sitting at the kitchen island .
she did n't even hesitate when i asked if she wanted to go back to my place .
* * * by the time we pulled up to emma and garrett 's place , ellie , gunner , and his parents were all sitting on the front porch .
gramps and grams hid her for two days at their place , and my father was about ready to kill her .
we were staying at the cottage on my parents ' property and the guys were at my parents ' place on the lake .
i should have asked jeff if heather had stayed on his property or if she had ridden over onto the mathews ' place .
she screamed in my ear and then screamed for gunner , saying they had to leave to meet us at grams and gramp 's place .
` ` yeah , i think so unless y' all want to crash at my place , '' heather said .
by the time we got to emma and garrett 's place , emma was sitting on the porch with ellie .
` ` well , i knew we were coming out here and i thought it would be only fitting if we broke in the new place , '' she said with a wink .
i could have gotten my own place , i guess , but i like being around them all . ''
as a member of the family he 'd always just walked in , and as he stepped inside he was surprised by how quiet the place was .
pris dropped us all off at my place .
` ` why 'd your parents get us a three bedroom place ? ''
when we need a place to stay or even something as small as a cooked meal , we went to sebastian 's mom .
i 'll get the girls and we can bring them home and then head back to my place or something . ''
i have n't told ma yet so we can still get our place . ''
a couple hours later as we 're hailing a cab to go back to our room , i realize this is the only place i should be .
some of you have just joined us and may have places you need to be .
this place does n't feel like home - not by a long shot .
my mom used to tell me that music always helped her escape to another place .
i have no clue why he wants to fix our place up .
between your gambling money and my meager savings , i ' m sure we can scrape up enough to stay at a decent place . ''
she straightens , seemingly excited to learn about all the places i ' ve lived .
the place is huge , with a sitting room next to the bedroom and a bathroom beyond that .
` ` how far is it to your place ? ''
i wanted to go home more than anything , just not to the place i had fled that night .
i ' m going to have to do my makeup all over again when i get to patricia 's place . ''
after the coolness of the spring air outside , the first step into the warmth and artificial lighting of patricia 's place was a shock .
` ` when this place was just one house , '' said coraline 's mother , ` ` that door went somewhere .
it was the first time she had seen the cat in several days , since they had returned together from the other mother 's place .
` ` sneaking out in the middle of the night , meeting some strange guy and going to his place .
i 'd let him spend his money only as long as it took me to find a new place - our place , one we could afford on our own .
i 'd let him spend his money only as long as it took me to find a new place - our place , one we could afford on our own .
finding a place to live .
we had ended up back at my place where the party had continued .
you need to head back to your place .
it was the last place i had been with dad before he went to heaven .
i had thought that out of all the places in the world he could live , wellsburg , west virginia would be the last place he 'd end up .
i had thought that out of all the places in the world he could live , wellsburg , west virginia would be the last place he 'd end up .
` ` we could look for a place together .
i ' ve just worked really hard to get my own place .
she came by to pick up a movie she left at my place last week and you know how she is , '' shane smirked and i threw another magazine at him .
however , it would be a decisive step up from the place where i currently lived .
this was the only place in wellsburg i could ever remember being truly happy .
i need to get my own place and figure out what i ' m going to do .
this was her first time seeing the place where i would be living now that i had been discharged from the grayson center .
losing the one place that had always been my home was hard .
i looked around , having not bothered to notice anything about the place that would be my home .
i ' m trying to get them a place to stay and positions outside of nottinghamshire , but they 'll have to stay until we can arrange it .
it were a lick warmer than outside ; the kitchens were near , and the heat from the fires kept the place a touch more livable .
the whole place were in a tizzy for him too .
maybe up to your place or the astromicon . ''
jake imagined that after sunset the entire place would be aglow .
but it 's not a place i 'd want to live for keeps , with people whispering about where i was last night and who i might have been hitting on and how i stained my shirt .
she used her job and that house as a place to hang out and party , to invite guys over - she 'd lock isa in her room sometimes , did you know that ?
maureen had n't told me a word about what really went on at her parents ' place .
they 'd even plan these little ` ` spontaneous '' meet - ups with me and the lenox , because they wanted us to whisper in addy 's ear about how she needed to go to new york , how new york was the only place that could ` ` handle her genius . ''
if i ca n't get to my place in sagaponauk , i ' m there .
zach fratepietro : i had flown over with some family and friends to stay for three weeks at villa divina , our place in capri , while addison was trapped in rhode island , spinning in circles .
we loooved our new place .
that 's how we ended up calling our place the queen 's shame .
and one night soon after , zach came storming over to my place , red - faced .
when i reassessed the relationship , the short story was that in a span of a few short months , addison 'd moved into my place , trashed it while creating project # 53 , made sure that everyone remembered # 53 as a zach frat moment , snuck off to her chelsea studio to paint disturbing portraits of my ex - girlfriend - who at that time was apparently dating zach - and then sold one of these portraits to a private collector through her dealer and got everyone to lie about it to me .
she 'd moved out of lincoln 's place and was renting - to - own an apartment on front street where all the kids were living , in dumbo - down under the manhattan bridge overpass .
move - in day , early june , was my only time i ever spent at her new place on front street .
that morning , i 'd flown in and come right over from jfk to her place .
` ` let 's take off for my place , '' he murmured .
` ` you came over to my place before .
` ` if i keep it at my place , sam and buddy will smoke it , or j.p . will give it away to all his friends .
we 're all getting together at my place tomorrow .
trevor had a great aunt who had retired to a trailer park , living in a nice little place similar to this one .
` ` you 'll have the whole place to yourself .
he keeps hoping you 'll show up back at your place . ''
` ` thanks for finding us a place to crash . ''
if i snuck off , i 'd be a runaway slave with no place to go . ''
she did n't want them to get confiscated at the silver lining , and she did n't want to leave them at her mom 's place . ''
` ` search our place ? ''
` ` but i ' ve kept some of it in water since we left gerta 's place .
each step was heavier than the last , and she had enough of a sense of self - preservation left to start looking for a place to spend the night .
she 'd bought this place , she 'd once told him , to have somewhere to call her own , a place outside the assassins ' keep where she 'd been raised .
it was the only evidence that this apartment had been untouched since whoever - arobynn hamel , probably - had ordered the place sealed up .
even if he 'd helped save ren 's life and given him a place to stay .
` ` by the time we get to my place , i 'll have the verbiage ironed out . ''
at least they paid well for him to afford a place with a view like that .
` ` and you could live at home until you graduate , save up for your own place . ''
` ` they survived the fire at your place ? ''
his parents thought he was at my place this whole time . ''
` ` i can take you straight home ... or i can show you my new place . ''
we met up at the gates ; davina arrived first and we took the t to my place .
` ` since just after we went to your new place . ''
davina 's place was warm and inviting , full of crafty things like handmade pillows and throws .
` ` we can stop at a pharmacy and buy some essentials , like pajamas and toothbrush- '' kian cut in , ` ` you 're welcome to stay at my place .
i was n't used to the noises in this place , the humming fridge or the creak of the neighbors walking around upstairs .
i fell silent , the closer we got to my place .
i want to spend the night at your place , but i do n't want to freak my dad out .
` ` you said something about my place ? ''
i ' m sure she does it on purpose , trying to remind me what she 's giving me if i take her back to my place , but what she does n't realize is that i ' ve already had it .
` ` i ' m going to my place . ''
i gave you a place to live and put a roof over your head when no one else would .
it 's the wrong time of year , summer break approaching , and all the college students are looking for places to live so they fill up quickly .
` ` we only have a studio apartment right now and it 's overcrowded with trevor 's art , but when we get the new place in a couple of months you can definitely come out and stay with us for as long as you want .
i 'll take her back to her place and f**k her , just like she 's hoping .
i loved her place because it was different .
every place i 'd lived looked pretty much the same as the others and most of those turned out to be crappy .
i need to get my head out of luke land and get back to the place where it 's only me and me alone .
i do n't want to let people into my life so i can slowly go back to that place i lived in when i was a kid , doing things i hated , hating the person that i was and hating the person who made me that way .
i refuse go back to that place i used to live with when i was a kid and my mom controlled everything i did .
i owe him , for giving me a place to stay .
yet i did and now i can tell i ' m going to get even more involved because she has no place to go .
` ` the only thing i know is that you were going to live with some old pervert who likes to hit you and now you have no place to live , '' i clarify and dodge around her , heading for the entrance doors .
` ` i have no f**king place to live . ''
` ` i do have a place to live , but it means going back to live with my mom in my hometown and i do n't want to do that . ''
with each item i put in the box , the lighter i feel because soon i 'll have some place to live and it 's not back home .
` ` she just needed a place to crash for the night . ''
` ` which is why we stopped by ... it 's got an extra room and we were wondering if you wanted to stay with us , since you do n't have place to stay . ''
` ` how did you know i did n't have a place ? ''
` ` she can get her own place , '' seth says as i tug the gray shirt over my head .
` ` seth and greyson were going to go to seth 's place for the summer , but some stuff happened and now they 're going to stay here ... and they want me to share a place with them on elm . ''
i can find my own place to live . ''
it 's a decent place , with tan carpet and walls , a small kitchen attached to an even smaller dining room and living room .
no one has any plates or anything and even though the place is furnished , we still need a lot of stuff .
i ' ve been doing my best not to ram my fist into something , reminding myself that i have a place of my own and i can do whatever i want .
` ` someone else might find their way up here and need a place to stay . ''
we may not be the only people looking for a place to spend the night . ''
whoever had ransacked the place had n't cared if he caught a cold and had left fistfuls of aspirin and tylenol and cold remedies in those little foil packets , as well as packages of kleenex and tins of throat lozenges .
greg said all the guys had a couple of guns , so no telling what chris had at his place .
from the metallic scent of hard ice and what she 'd been able to make out in the failing light , the changed had claimed someone 's old lake place : a swank and very large victorian with gingerbread , a porch swing , and even a flagpole .
in a place this size , there had to be a couple woodstoves , too .
all the places they stayed were amish , and amish did n't use cars .
the lake house was never meant as anything other than a place for penny to hang for a single weekend while he scraped together the money and set up the appointment in illinois .
jed 's cabin , a stone 's throw from michipicoten island , was a place tom always imagined taking alex .
but maybe he draws them in , gives them a place to live .
moose , from work , had taken me up to her place one night when he 'd offered me a ride .
we 'd just moved into our place , and my parents had been scraping wallpaper and painting most weekends , their home improvements nearly steamrolling right over our annual camping trip with the joneses .
` ` i wish i could , but petra is n't sure how long it 'll take and we ca n't risk losing the place ... '' i let it dangle , hoping the reminder of my unusual and tenuous - at least compared to liv's - living situation would be enough to hold off more questions .
if drea was n't exaggerating - and my brief experience told me she wasn't - i would have this place to myself a lot of the time .
not only for the money , but more so that i 'd really have a place here .
and then he said , ` ` my place is just down the block .
we could sit here and sift through this or we could go through it at my place .
they just needed a new place to call home , you know ?
but you can also hear how much she appreciates having a place to play and people to play with , and how bad she wants to keep doing it . ''
and then we can swing by your place and let you change . ''
this place : were movies hollywood - perfect because this place was , or had they built this place to perfection because of the movies ?
you could come to my place , '' i said .
how many lives had i lived in order to get to a place where these gigglers were merely an inconvenience ?
` ` i like this place , '' i told him , because the way he took his shoes off and walked around barefoot and proud through the house made me think he 'd like to hear me say it .
he directed me to park the mustang behind his place , but when we got out , he led the way away from the gate and toward the house next door .
rachel said you were staying at my place .
` ` want to hang out at my place instead ? ''
since jack had already paid a visit to the school , i decided to operate under the assumption that he had tried going home as well , and so i headed over toward the culpepers ' place .
i try to decide if it would be worth being benjamin malvern if it meant that i could live in a place like this .
` ` they may have merely followed energy readings until they could find a place with enough force to maintain a soul in stasis for hundreds of years .
as she tugged the collar up to cover her mouth and nose , she let herself imagine that this place was rightfully hers .
got screaming nightmares over it - he had to get his own place , since i could n't sleep with it , as you might well imagine .
in his opinion , niall lynch was a pretty lousy father , getting himself killed and then allowing his sons to live in a place where they propped the security doors open .
little lights danced at the corner of his vision as he chained his bike to the staircase outside his place .
holding the phone away from his mouth , gansey told them , ` ` adam thinks he saw an apparition at his place . ''
adam was militant about staying at his place , even though it was horrible .
` ` apparently , someone broke into his place . ''
i did n't trash your place . ''
this made kavinsky laugh uproariously , and when he was through , he said , ` ` if i did n't trash your place , something else is infesting it . ''
` ` stay out of our place . ''
one day , he 'd have enough money to have a place like this .
` ` moving out of your dad 's place is the end of the world ? ''
at least you have a place to go .
i mean , is there something about my place that 's too repugnant for you to imagine living there ?
i 'd had the couch for two years , the same amount of time i 'd lived in the place .
` ` why , you want to see my place ? ''
` ` why do n't you guys come back to our place ?
i ' m going to stay over at their place anyway , '' hailey explained .
okay , i 'll stay at their place then . ''
i 'd have to make sure she brought a case for her contacts next time she spent the night at my place .
` ` well , hello toby , but i ' m sorry i think allie would have mentioned a boyfriend before she spent the night at my place .
` ` i ' m at the guys ' place , and owen says you and levi never came home last night .
` ` all right , date night at our place ? ''
they were both wearing jeans and t - shirts and had their feet up on the ottoman like it was their place .
` ` back at my place ? ''
` ` this place is safe , right ? ''
` ` fine , let 's go back to our place . ''
levi pulled up out front of his place and parked .
` ` does it have to be at your place ?
exposed rafters went with the rustic look of the place , but plush couches , hardwood floors covered by several large area rugs , and a huge fireplace gave the room a really comfortable feel .
` ` yeah , he wants us at dinner at their place tonight . ''
i want you staying at my place . ''
` ` no way , we 're going back to my place . ''
i left it at his place .
i tried not to let it get to me too much , but he 'd always made it clear that westchester , even with me there , was the last place he wanted to be .
` ` okay , i 'll stay at their place then . ''
` ` i knew i 'd be taking you home tonight , '' levi whispered as we walked the few blocks to his place .
i have no place to be , i ' m staying here until you agree . ''
well , hello toby , but i ' m sorry i think allie would have mentioned a boyfriend before she spent the night at my place .
` ` nice place your dad set you up in . ''
the palace had been designed by zeus personally and was a shining object of beauty , a place where so many of us called home and lived together in our own particular brand of dysfunction .
after millennia of observing the world and all the things humans had done - both good and bad - the haunce was having difficulty talking about a place to which tick had to go .
the place must ' ve gotten really messed up after he 'd been winked away .
people get too old to care for a place , their family writes them off for one reason or another - it 's sad , but it happens .
climbing down into the yard , i circled the house looking for another way in , taking the measure of the place , but it seemed almost without measure , as though with every corner i turned the house sprouted new balconies and turrets and chimneys .
i could already predict dr . golan 's explanation : that house is such an emotionally loaded place for you , just being inside was enough to trigger a stress reaction .
i spent a couple of years shuttling between foster homes , until mom 's brother , my uncle farrell , volunteered to take me in , to his place in knoxville , tennessee .
it 's hard for me- math , i mean - and it 's been hard too getting used to a new place , a new school , and things like that . ''
the place was huge , about twice the size of uncle farrell 's apartment .
they gave me a new identity after i resigned , a new place to live , but it was like i was nobody .
want to crash at my place ?
the local christians had gone to all the trouble of fixing up wooden pallets with woolen blankets here at the school , so their guests could have a private place to stay .
she could go home , see her parents , find a new place to live and work ?
` ` i promise you can sleep when we get to our new place . ''
he watched her , sitting there on the horrible bed in this place he 'd brought her to , playing with a silver ring on her finger .
he carried his dishes over to the sink , where later they would be washed by someone the khan hired to keep this place up .
i ' ve slept in so many strange places like this house , that are home to no one ; full of generic dishes , fresh instant coffee , and beds that are always mysteriously made up with clean sheets by some unknown hand .
she realized that it was really pretty nice of kevin to share this place with her .
i merely provide a roof over your head and a place to eat .
this place looked like a home , but certainly unlike any house i had ever seen before .
compared to those ruins , why is your place so free of decay ?
` ` i was just a simple hotel owner until tai came to my place to stay .
we crash at his place , while he goes around pretending he s a tv doctor .
we always need help keeping this place together .
now the paint is peeling , the window shutters are crooked , and the place looksin three wordsspooky as hell .
lets find a place to stay , finder spoke grimly .
yes , its still a great place to live , except the winters are getting tougher to accept .
i needed a place to call home , and that was as good a place as any ( but definitely after a large amount of tlc ) , and what i finally offered him , after speaking with vicente , maria and a consultant or two , was the position of director of security .
i had arrived , with my entourage in tow , in two helicopters on the saturday , and it was nice to be finally in a place of my own , even though i did nt have my sheila beside me , and the original mobile homes had been george and millies .
carol raised the point that she would soon need a good bosun to look after the place .
its not easy leaving the place you grew up in .
home was a place out in the country where it was always sunny and there was always an apple pie sitting on the window sill just waiting to be gorged upon .
hold on , you can stay at my place for a while , if you want .
as long as she had a place to sleep and some bread , she was happy .
as the horse slowed and walked towards the gate , and as the dark guardsmen upon the walls looked down at her , the smoky clouds dimming the lands a shade of half - hearted crimson , larissa had the feeling coil up inside her that she was now going someplace far , far from home , and far , far from any place she could have even imagined .
she forgot between whom , but it was bad enough to leave the place pretty desolate .
sure , replied hunt , i went to bed right after you left my place .
suddenly there was laughter and chatting and all of them were wondering about the strange place they had landed in .
as spring often does , it instilled a new desire in taylor , the desire for a place to call home , to unpack his bags for good , so to speak .
he looked around the place to let his words sink in .
on the way back from taking them to astor i said , connie they re a couple of great kids , what say we groom them to look after the place for us .
i told connie well it was great while it lasted we 'll never have the place all to ourselves again that 's for sure , better get used to living in society .
i was n't really upset , it was bound to happen someday , jim and cathy were good kids they had done a superb job of taking care of the place in our absence and besides as always we enjoyed their company .
did your folks have a place there ?
while i was in college , the only place i traveled was to fort lauderdale during spring break .
because bad people burned down her house and she has no place else to live .
thick layers of dust had built up over everything and yet there was warmth in the air as if the places heat generator still functioned .
their place was a little twenty - acre farmlet .
` ` i mean , do you got a place to go ? ''
you need another place of your own .
it made a man feel glad he d a snug place to hole up in , with winter coming on and all .
the place i got for myself was a one room hotel room , where they had a few rooms for rent .
sort of reluctantly , i told him , ` ` she wants to go out to her brothers place . ''
she got me to talking about myself and i told her about jaquan and how we met and what he had advised and what i had been thinking about a place of my own .
it were after 7:45 when i rode away from our place , and shy of 42 - 45 minutes after , guessing by what i could see on my fogged steamed watch , when i topped out on the rise above dowels home .
now i d done been here a while , but i stopped by his place when riding through , grubbed with him a few times , and drunk a few with him .
a place for she and i to live away from the hustle and bustle of city life .
` ` how does it feel to have no place to go ? ''
how long would it take before they found a place to settle ?
the hot tub is 92 degrees , jessica stated factually as she continued to document every bit of the place .
you have no place to stay tonight , you must stay with us !
farbstein found for kaplanskys family a modest apartment in an old suburb , not far from the place that he had been dwelling , close to hollywood .
but the cops know , said mike to humik , that our place is neat .
old atlas or not , the idea of walking into their apartment , a place she never had liked , was too painful even to consider .
says he has no place to go .
now jimmy was offering him a place to stay .
he said he understood her need for a place where she could be alone to think .
i had a place to park the bus and sleep as well as the use of his extra bathroom and shower located in the rear garage apartment .
my husband and i are interested in finding out about communities as we travel around looking for a place to retire , and we are most interested in learning about berkeley .
she had graciously accepted his offer for the two of them to stay with him , but only until she could find a place of their own .
at least here we have a place to stay .
within minutes the three of them turned down a long dirt drive that led to a small cottage with a barn , like their own place .
one of his cows was found , dead , too far from iains place , and someone went to check on iain .
he waved off dinner , saying dierdre had practically stuffed him before he left her place .
for years he had driven to their place in his second hand renault .
she wondered where david was sleeping tonight , she hoped he did better than the barn or shed at julies place .
when he had first arrived at the farm with julie , he saw immediately the disrepair of the place .
i did nt realize your place was so far from balinagh , you know ?
is waiting for you at my place , remember ?
you really expect finn to come to her place , da ?
so if you were to come with us , she continued eagerly , and i hope you do , well find a place where we can all live .
you remember me coming to your place and you shooting me and me brother ?
there was nothing left for them back there and dierdre and seamuss place was untouched .
you need to find your own place .
i have one , he said , information that i unfortunately already knew , but your place is cleaner .
let me sleep at the shop until i could get my own place .
so unless i miss my guess , we better start hauling your butt towards that door before that banshee comes tearing through my place screaming and turning over my tables and chairs . ''
did whatever she had to make sure our little girl had a place to live , food to eat and an education . ''
i married the coca - cola guy from the rehab just so i would have a place to go after i got out , you know , somebody to take care of me .
the whole place looked as though it had been hit by a tornado .
not much worse than my place had been back before julie came into my life .
when i was younger i had fantasized about being inside the place , had dreamed up furnishings and wall hangings and placed them just so .
i always feel like i should apologize when anyone sees my place , sheriff leroy said .
come by my place tonight , bill , he said .
i ve got a green belt out back of my place , but no alley .
the place looked as though it was left over from about world war ii .
i could not believe i had come back to this place .
once were past buzzards place well be okay .
lets go to our place and get this all sorted out , dad said .
if she s successful you can live at my place , suggested craig .
driving through the commercial district , he saw lots of foot traffic , folks coming down early to air out the cottages and get their places ready for the upcoming memorial day holiday and the summer season .
but the cove was his place , while they had places of their own .
the place was huge , old , and judging by all the junk that had been in that drawing room , a bloody death trap .
everything was old , and it looked as if the place had been furnished in the 70s .
or , technically her great - uncles estate , as i had absolutely no illusions that old imelda stanton would sell this place off just as soon as all the junk had been cleared from it .
we 'll go to my place , and then i ' ve not decided exactly where and what , yet .
but that does n't mean i go looking for the place it stays .
too curious to find out where this new entrance leads he leaves his stuff behind by the lake bed , the walls are made out of concrete and there are lamps on the ceiling , the place looks modern , but the scary modern type you would nt expect to find inside a big scary cave .
are you crazy you re going to tear this place apart , and well both die , shouts kiter at her , but she is determined to kill him and keeps moving .
roy asks xantu taking a seat in the apartments living room , the place was rather odd for it did nt contain anything at all just furniture , his bedroom only contained a mattress flat on the floor , the only thing separating him from the cold hard white tiles .
come on me and agon can tear the place apart !
she broke down crying , my lord , i have no place to live .
on the way to the field i asked , you can keep your belongings in my office until you find a job and a place to live .
for all they knew , it may even be a messenger from another amazon tribe seeking a place to live and amazons were infamous for not caring if the men they chose to father their children were married or not which caused troubles at times .
back to contents meditations lyssandra thought that this place was nice .
i talked with lars , later i will go at his place , she said , watching me with a serious face .
please , lets just go to our place .
is saturday and my parents best friend invited us to her place .
i started to think that lars was happy that damian left , of course i exaggerated because laurence all the time talked about damian with respect and some admiration about him , plus that lars invited damian at his place so many times , even if he refused the invitations .
i was at laurences place , but he with his mom were out in town , planning a little party at his house , considering that was his dads birthday .
i did not wanted to open that subject , but seemed to be that he did nt want to give up that easy on it , so i agreed to stay for a while at his place , to see what he really wants .
i have a problem , i know we had our fight and i m stupid , but please , we need to talk , can i sleep at your place tonight ?
i appeared just in time and i thrown her on the ground , i grabbed you and took you here , at my place .
i mean when we where at her place .
i was waiting quiet at my place , until i will get down .
he offered them a place to stay , food to eat , and clothing to wear in exchange for their help .
and you will never be homeless as long as i am alive ; you have a place to stay .
' have you no information as to her abiding place ? '
the place had obviously been ransacked , the dining table overturned , the rabbis wobbly old chair broken .
he was a fugitive again in hostile territory , but now he had no place to go .
you and rafferty grab obannion ; take him up to your summer place up ballyutoag .
the place looks nice and tidy , said jen , does nt look as though anythings been disturbed .. just in and out .
i think they ve done a bunk , he said , the place is neat and tidy with nothing lying around .
i swear , you let a man into your bed and he thinks he owns your whole place .
he wants us to fly to scotland with you and find a place to stay while the intel folks go through this stuff .
it was nt the largest , but it was the only place that he could call mine .
alex stood in the expression of horror at the side of the field , knowing nothing could be saved from the place he called home .
also he needs a place to do what he needs to do .
for a long moment he stood there at the threshold , wondering why in the world he d been away from this lovely place so long .
but , he saw by the light - shaft seeping in at the cellar door , that did nt mean that the place was devoid of wealth .
the students had no place to go and were unlikely to be able to return home .
we ve lived a lot of places in the military , but at the end of the day this is home .
they had been looking for any excuse to leave this place for a long time and a cosmic crisis fits the bill .
well heres my turning off road well be to my place in a couple of minutes john .
i offered him our place to stay the night .
we need a place to stay tonight .
oh well , at least he and clem had a place to spend the night .
so this mornin bright and early i sent clem over to his place and paid him fer your clothes you borrowed .
i figure it will be in the middle of the afternoon before we get there , and its imperative we be at his place tonight .
second , in case they are not at murdocks place , or if something happened on the trip from celina to his place .
second , in case they are not at murdocks place , or if something happened on the trip from celina to his place .
` ` we can look at that tomorrow , '' she prompted , ` ` for now let 's find a place to sleep . ''
no , i do nt want to stay in this town , can we go to your place ?
he s not getting all sentimental or anything , its just that he has nt finished paying for his new place in the azores and the invoices will pile up if you go missing .
pas gun establishment was right next door so i could easily see who came and went from his place each day through the large plate glass restaurant windows .
in fact , it had always been her , when she and her spouse traveled , who had calculated the routes and searched for the best places to stay .
the card games are on tuesdays , seven sharp , this week at my place .
i 'd prefer she not stay at my place or she might become too dependant . ''
after all it was her place , she rationalized , and the arrangement made with him to stay a very long three months ago had developed an unforeseen downside .
` ` have i told you how nice it is to share your place ?
he did nt want more money , just a place to live cheaply .
since it was late , luke dropped angela at her apartment then drove the government car to his place .
i have a place for you to stay .
once in the capitol region , he left the interstate and began navigating the one - way streets near her place .
it was about 8:30pm when they parked at her place .
i m almost at your place .
honey , i m on my way to your place to get my gear .
this place has nt aged well , she admits , taking in the surroundings as well .
on the run with no place to call home .
we ve tried living in our place .
on impulse he asked , how about dinner at my place ?
ca nt we just talk at my place ?
feeling desperate to do something to help jamie despite his fatal course , rachael called peter , hi , how about dinner at my place tonight ?
see you at your place at six !
you re invited over for dinner at my place any time .
it was n't just a job she 'd turned down ; in a moment 's fury she 'd opted out of the whole imperial system , and after they left school at the end of the month she would n't even have a place to live .
it was raining even harder than the previous morning , and she was fairly sure she 'd have the place to herself .
that evening , chris laid a sleeping bag out on the couch and suggested eric crash at his place .
she would have dinner with him , and then hurry back to her place so that she could continue to study the photographs arcell had sent her .
i should be in front of your place in another twenty to twenty - two minutes .
it had taken twenty - one minutes exactly to drive from his place to hers .
now that i can afford my own place , i wo nt have to listen to chris snore .
i often take flowers down to the senior center to spruce the place up a little .
mr . anwar made sure that we all went to school , spoke english , and had a place to live .
matts bed had been undisturbed and the place looked tidy .
he was staying over at my place .
i had two choices ; i either followed the minister to places unknown or endeavoured to leave the region unaccompanied .
on the day i left my parents place , i asked my older brother to come with me .
does nt help that your place is like a tin can , cooking us to death .
he walked back to our place and began to prep dinner replaying the event over in his head adjusting the parts that needed fixing .
i turned a corner for my place and ran into rayko .
back at her place alita helped keme in the kitchen and filled her in on the elaborate game we were playing so that keme could join in on the fun .
he figured that if the roles were reversed he had searched a whole three days longer than i would ve and thought if i were still alive , i d make it back to our place sooner or later .
after a quick change in the public bathrooms , which only slightly had pee everywhere , i grabbed alita kicking and screaming and headed back to my place .
the place was a mansion covered in vines with a yard bigger than a football field .
after he dragged us over to his place to see the end result , i had to admit i was anything but impressed .
the day our city crumbled to ruins eden was taking a shower- something he rarely did , at least at our place .
your place fucking stinks like shit .
so were looking for a place that has a garden huh ?
this place is empty gil was the first through the hulking behemoth of a front door ; it swung open with a groan that sounded like an elephant sighing .
i d be afraid the place would come down around us if we tried .
from what i could see , the place still looked fully furnished ; a few old - fashioned chaise lounges decorated the open entryway , plush oriental carpeting beneath our feet , thick with dust and dirt accumulated over years of neglect .
i d read a little about callowleigh before we d come , hoping that the evil that once had such a grip on this grand old place had left it .
what he was going to do , i had no clue , but i knew he was going slowly because using magic in a place as structurally and supernaturally tenuous as callowleigh was dangerous enough to begin with .
i do nt believe we will leave our own system on our first journey , but there is a lot of real estate out there , and we should be able to find a place to live .
other than that i have the place to myself , i decide to leave a present for the company .
but i can go anywhere pretty quickly , have a capper on the back so i have a place to sleep , easier to get supplies .
can i come over to your place ?
do you want to come to my place or not ?
in the hollow of an old oak tree up from your place , andy said .
i like staying at your place .
lets get out of here and well discuss it back at my place .
you can stay at my place or at home , whichever is easier .
claire supposed a house of magnolia and pine was better than frills and flowers everywhere but it did make the place feel cold .
when they were little there had been a few photographs of her and her siblings around the place , the odd painting tacked to the wall .
joe - z had his own house on the south - east side of town and took in any member of the gang that needed a place to stay .
even with a fist full of jewelry , he could get a place and finally be out on his own .
he had no place to stay , no education , no job skills or opportunities and no family .
you would be required to find your place in our society , including a proper place to live , a job , to stay clean and away from the influences of your checkered past .
i ca nt believe this house is smaller than the last one , this place is no bigger than my prison cell .
i have my own place and the other single folk live in town at the boardin'house .
he felt a surge of independence knowing he d have his own place even though it was just a hole in a hill .
chapter 8 chris laid , still wide eyed , on his new bed in his own place .
chris remembered the barn dance the month before over at the edmunds place .
it seemed more gratifying to be able to live in a place that was crafted by his own two hands .
can i go to your place and feed gus and gertie ?
he d only been gone from this place a little over a month and he would have said that he disliked the work around the browley farm , but being back made him realize how much he missed it .
would he have a place to live ?
` ` it 's funny how you long for a place that you ' ve only lived in for a couple of weeks . ''
their place was out in the boonies several miles southeast of town off a main road , called the old lakelse lake drive .
he wanted to bring her with him but mom said it was impossible because they had enough challenges moving to a new place and all .
looking back at jeffs trailer she caught a peripheral glimpse of a big dark shape cross the road quickly , back along the way to her place .
barely an hour ago he had found the hair snagged shoulder high on a hemlock sapling , just steps inside the bush next to his place .
i am supposed to stay at your place and go home after school monday .
well you re not bringing that skull to our place , ricky stepped forward and was adamant .
i am going to get some things at my place and will be back soon .
maybe its better for you to move forever at her place ; here you will have a very bad reputation .
eh , nothing important , its from emell , he is at your place .
i told that bastard to not come at my place when i m not there .
since when she found out the truth about her real grandparents , she never thought at amiras birth place before , which was in sunshine town .
i do not have time to tell you know , but i invite you and lania tonight at my place .
at 8 my girls will come by to sleep at my place .
angell was moral supported by kristall , which decided to remain at her place for a period , and angell felt a strange warm every time when she was hugging him , like he had the ability to take all of her worries away .
amira was nt complaining at all that the girls were living at her place ; on the contrary , she was very glad that angell came back to normal .
she was so furious on the press that they were refuting everything that she really wanted to go to their place .
at your place where are you sleeping .
it seemed that was the only place he ever went .
west country sir , mother has a place there , i was away at school when the war started .
nice to have a man about the place again , she thought , even if its only for a little while .
sometimes i think -- he s been spending a lot of time there , at your place , i mean .
i have to get back to my place and get mouse ready so that its online as soon as you jump .
we ve sort of been running things from her place .
i can hook it up to your machine once we get to your place , right ?
unlike some of the places she had stayed in thus far , this hostel seemed faded and in need of some love .
no , our place was out on the hills .
they were going to a new place to live which whendy guaranteed her she would love .
well , i wanted to get cheza a stripper , but the guys at my place had all been called away for some convention in vegas , tia answers .
this place is insanely nice .
one day he was out for a walk near windsor castle : a place with a powerful and secret mysteriousness all of its own .
the place was far from cosy and even a little melancholy .
he practically lived in this place when he was nt at mine .
an eight - foot - high stockade fence that his parents had built for privacy when they moved into town from their place in the country surrounded the whole yard .
you know ; it 's the place with the broken lock on the back gate and the empty cupboards in the kitchen , ted said sarcastically .
did n't you notice it when you were burglarizing the place last night ?
cars would pass by , out on the main road , but none stopped or even slowed down by our place .
our place was surrounded by fields .
he did his best to put the house in order , but he could n't shake the feeling that once they left , he 'd never see the place again .
melody understood ted 's sadness at leaving this place , but she could n't help getting annoyed when he seemed to be dragging his feet .
ted 's house literally stood out like a sore thumb in contrast to the neighbor 's places , all of which were slowly falling apart .
well , she justified to herself as she munched on the chocolate and took a swig of cola , when you re in a new place you have to do things differently .
the reptors could be all over the place at any moment .
throwing drawers all over the place , she had almost given up hope when she saw peri holding a notebook and pencil .
after that would come the employment search , my own place , and a girlfriend somewhere along the way .
the place looked something like the norman bates residence from the psycho movie , except that it was made of brick .
working there , living there how long before i became overly wired into the place and lost my freedom of action ?
a large , fancy tourist hotel shared the same block as our place .
i could nt imagine ever coming back to this place .
she sees a squad of twenty men moving into position just outside the door to jack 's place , the bodies of two biowarriors laying on the concrete bleeding .
well , i ' ve been walking around the place since you left , jason muses with a laugh .
he recognized the need to earn his diploma and was resigned to sticking it out , even though just about anywhere else would have been a preferable place to spend five days a week .
so their website basically shows that the place is so perfect that you wo nt want to leave even after you re cured .
sometimes their work takes them far from the facility , as lisas work took her most recently , but for most , they stay right here helping dr . abrams to accomplish his goals , or even just doing normal chores to keep the place up .
as far as i m concerned , we have more than we need ; a nice , clean , safe place to live , food , and a purpose for our lives .
you believe you ve found the place you d like to stay for the rest of your life ?
god knows it must be boring to be a parent at a place like this .
then i 'll see about finding a place to sleep .
but where they were was a place you could certainly live in .
that was about the nicest part of this all , he had a place .
their dress , their accent , even their movement spoke of faraway places .
i wonder what it would cost me to get a taxi to her place ?
everyone in the little store , from the ever - incumbent retirees swapping stories to the wide range of students who stood looking for a place to escape the grasping fingers of winter 's first foray into the autumn took time to whisper to each other while attempting to hide their wide gazes .
after seeing this place , my small cell in the hallway above seemed positively cozy .
they needed a place to sleep and here was a place , regardless of what it might mean for them come morning .
favreaus farm was the last place i wanted to be , but we had to go back .
after i had lost my parents and suzette , and rejected every offer of hospitality from father vestille , he still offered me a place to stay for as long as i wanted .
your parents invited me here from burgundy , and let me stay with them until i could find a place of my own .
father vestille must have spent a good part of his day making this place into a home .
could i ever again have a place to call home ?
if you re that concerned about what ill become , i can find another place to stay , so you wo nt be burdened .
pierres father had forbidden me to come near their place again , and i meant to stay away .
i have a place to stay until my wrist gets better , why does nt that make me feel better ?
any place that sought toreduce the effect of her stay on the environmentscreamed lack of creature comforts in too loud a voice .
chapter 8 we were driving along the interstate because i needed to check on my one bedroom apartment and the four of them were unsure whether bloody marys was a safe place to stay .
as we walked up the stairs i began racking my brain to remember if i d left the place in some semblance of order but , unfortunately , knew it would look like a train wreck .
why my place ?
everything in the refrigerator i tossed in the garbage and i had the place looking pretty spiffy if i do say so myself ; except for the bathroom which i had never previously cleaned and , apparently , needed some sort of chiseling machine to remove the residue from the shower tiles and toilet bowl .
maybe its because it gives you a reference to view how tall your walls are or how wide your floor is but , whatever the case , after i put my futon , card table and television in the twelve by twelve foot space allotted for them it actually had the place looking like a domicile .
the place was a wreck with toilet water on the floor and my bathroom rug tossed willy - nilly in the corner but i did nt care .
it actually worked out better for the kids because the new place came with a stable and horses the kids can ride and take care of .
i do nt know but it seems like its coming from your place nat replied .
they could nt do it at my place because i had none of the equipment necessary for information gathering such as a computer , home phone or even a telephone book .
now , those people needed some place to lay their heads at night so bob decided to build his make - shift migrant hotel and charged them a nice little sum of money in order to stay there ; a sum of money paid for in cash so there was no record of the transactions .
you see , the price of land had risen and the state was having a tough time finding places to put all their wayward children so when we came in and offered to help reduce the problem at no cost to them , well , he jumped at the idea .
there s a perpetual glow emanating from cities at all times , a low hum constantly filling the background for with any place attempting to house , feed and entertain so many guests there will always be an overlap with some guests asleep while others are awake .
stryker said , she already has a place to stay and it is just a thirty minute helicopter flight to the hospital , if that type of transport should arise !
you handle it whatever way you want to at your place , but this is my office and by god , protocols are to in place !
if you will let me know how much longer you intend to drive , i will gladly find you a nice place to stay the night , replied brandi .
because after all , its her full responsibility as we were staying at her place during the vacation .
sammy groaned let me try sending her a mail she always answers her mails i replied no use girl lets get permission from the headmaster and leave to her place soon as we can .
it was a boarding house that happened to be well - stocked with booze where everyone stayed until they were able to get their own places built .
once everyone had their own place to stay nate moore turned the boarding house into a pub and managed to get everyone to keep coming around every night .
listen , it looks like everyones buying you a drink , so if you need a place to stay i ve held your usual room .
that while turned out to be a long while as thorn found he enjoyed the company of his adopted home and did nt much like the idea of driving back to his place alone .
help around the garage , maybe take over the place when i get older .
i m looking for a place to stay for a few days .
this place is my home , and it has been for over four generations .
he was free , safe , but he had grown attached to that house , and was sure that when whoever was coming got there and found him gone , they d just trash the place to be spiteful .
i need to know everything you can tell me about the place you live , and who else lives there . ''
the whole place hummed with electricity .
less than a year ago he was living life one day at a time without a place to call home .
certainly news worth jumping out of bed for and i just loved this place .
it was a relatively short drive from the motel to our new place and we stopped at the maccy ds drive thru on the way for a late breakfast .
mitch even made sure we had a place to practice our music with our very own recording studio and we had new instruments for the band .
pain and tiredness usually left the place , but it was always worth it .
in eight months i d bleed this place dry just to take care of my personal requirements .
actually you seem to treat me with kid gloves ever since you brought me to your place .
for the first time in my life i had a place to stay and someone watching out for me .
he let me stay at his place and i used all my knowledge to track down every location the betrayers worked , lived , every food joint they visited , favorite place to go as a kid and even followed the movements of their families .
it is not right for me to step outside my place .
when they reached the base late that night , drew was able to secure a late supper from the still open mess hall and a place to sleep for the two of them .
he doubted the place could have become so rundown in so short a time .
sparks still shooting around the area showed the place had been left in a terrible mess .
she looked at the place she would call home for the night .
being a farmer parsons was a busy man , yet i could nt help questioning why he d let the place get into such a sorry state .
when i left i took with me the strangest of feelings that the place was genuinely sad to see me go .
we both know you d never leave their place alive .
they both backed down quietly and , for the first time , gabby noticed the bedlam that was going on in the place shed once called home .
chapter 5 smith and wesson were doing what they could with the information they d obtained and were driving to the only place johnny johnson was known to have resided before he lived at the letorque manor .
i was here when the manager came by to check because his rent was past due and do you know what they found in his place ?
blackstone , in his commentaries on the english law said that the right to own and possess land a place to live separate and apart from others to retain it as a home for the family in a way not to be molested by others is one of the most sacred rights that men are heirs to .
katherine had nt expected favours when in march shed escaped to cannes with suitcase and savings but no place to stay .
shed not given him her phone number and until that evening , the first day of april , had nt been to his place .
earlier he d reiterated the importance of finding a new place to live .
i should let you know were looking for another place to live and from what i can see there ll be a rent hike .
* * * at 11 pm all the tenants congregated in the dining room of number-10 excited to have new places to live but mostly excited to hear how little spirit had got on .
so , i can never leave this comfortable , but caged place , i thought to myself .
he just remembered the roads he traveled to her place .
because four alone have disappeared from my place without a trace within the last few months and several from the surrounding properties .
i m going to take you to the place where you will be living .
i ve cruised by his place now and then hoping to see him , but could nt bring myself to stop .
but speaking of strippers , how about you come over to my place for some perfect snogging .
but a simple formula to halt kerous thoughts , a boom echoed around the room as every flashbulb shut off to leave the place as dark as a cloudy night in the thick of the forest .
inside , the mix of modern and traditional architecture looked fit for holding contents of a museum more than a place to dwell , as it boasted such very white walls ; beige floors of bamboo in the kitchen , living room , and dining room ; and just a greatly unexpected openness throughout the home .
they start talking , he goes back to her place , they drink , he screws both her and her sister .
i just need some money to get a new place to stay .
i found a great place in the village , but my accounts empty , and i actually did try calling your father , but he wo nt talk to me .
damn , this place is nice .
' when you 're back we 'll lock this place up like a fortress .
if he ai n't up to walkin ' no more then i guess we 'll just ' ave to find somewhere to ' ide ' i m at your place for now . '
you know ... ' ow i was t'you both ... at my place .
' there s plenty of places to live now .
if you venture outside of this place again without my permission then you leave this house and this family forever .
perhaps it was time to throw them all out , have the place to herself before it was too late .
he was never fed and never allowed in or out of the house but somehow he was always around the place , sleeping on the mantelpiece or warming himself by the fire .
' then we find that bloody stone , even if i have to rip this place apart ! '
then , lets go check out her place , said giddeon , opening his door .
when you two were on the couch that day the first time you went over to her place , alone .
melody and i had a place to stay until the end of august , and her mother offered to have us to move in with her up in northern california after that , if we wanted .
there was something selfish it all , each room more grand than my entire place and yet just sitting there , pristine and dismissed , as if under a bell jar .
i looked up at him in horror , then with a flash of brilliance ventured , do you happen to have a key to my place ?
you re mums place is lovely and peaceful and i m sure if you ask her to give you some space , she will .
that was it : this place was a home .
more than anything , it made her yearn for a place of her own .
claire thought about some of the places shed stayed in during her trip around new zealand .
after that both of them would wander around the place naked , or almost , and quiet often they would shower or bath together , especially when in a rush to get out or when there was a water shortage .
alice had made it clear on several occasions that mi casa was not her favouritest place in the world , it was like a prison , with only the staff to keep them company - a slight exaggeration but i took her point - so i went and dug out some of pauls ( my long - time friend , and architect to el campo ) plans : i had a plan .
david got the call a few seconds later but did nt call the police , he did nt want them cluttering up the place whilst he put plan k ( for kidnap ) into action .
language timothy i said , then afraid so , but i will buy your old place from you , we can extend the two into one .
albert was a swiss immigrant , who had come to africa as a young man and once he had met and married katie decided it was the place to stay .
it works well for both sides as they have a secure job and a place to live , and we have the convenience of a workforce always on hand .
it was already late in the afternoon and so we decided to drive just as far as kwekwe tonight and find a place to stay , setting out again early the next morning .
however , they also knew that nellie would find it hard to accept anything from them and had made the house available as a temporary place of accommodation until she found her feet .
men they git restless , they wander , they roam , ' n there 's no place to stay anymore since yer gone .
looking out at the darkened terrain i had no idea how close i was to lupys place .
i waited until he was well out of sight and then ventured from my place .
i guess just having a great place to visit is nt enough anymore ; its all in the window dressing .
* * * twenty - eight did you know this place was pretty much built by a single woman ?
no other place could possibly be more appropriate for her to reside .
bell had a place out into the forest , again too small for all of them , but they all agreed it was ok . bell and lucas went to their homes to pack what they thought they would need while connor , mattaeus and dylan put things in their rooms and then sat down in a corner of the inn .
then , speeding on fast forward , she remembered conors whispered suggestion that they go back to his place .
we had never even approached the subject of his finding his own place .
` ` shall i come up to your place again ? ''
i mean , if it happens , you ' ve always got a place to stay , you know that ? ''
and she said this place was called maddergrub manor .
well , if you two change your mind and need a place to keep things , you let me know .
he s cleaning up his place for the afternoon reception , said spyder , his words like bullets .
this place really was nt livable .
i had the feeling that even though she knew you wanted to see kim , cheryl expected you to show up at their place with kim in tow . ''
and i ' m heading to her place as soon as i have some coffee and check - in with the kruses .
bob and i brought her to our place over the weekend .
you want to find a place to live here in koza before the baby comes .
hey , this is your place so i am just one step behind you ; all the way my friendall the way for sure , assured toni .
mentioning a bird , how would you like to fly out to your moms place for a few days ?
the whole place was in hibernation .
she threw on her coat and rushed back to the small kitchen by the door of her place .
the small town of valhalla was unrecognizable as a place to live .
it would give us all more time to get this place back in order .
once i get there , ill find a place for myself .
it was truly worthy of a place to call home .
we still had n't found a place to sleep yet , so a small conference was held and we decided to ask the owner if he had any cots to sleep on , the kind usually reserved for tired truck drivers .
we parked the bikes into a neat corner and trooped to the reception area to ask for a place to stay .
the relationships may have ended , but through these tiny things i can connect instantly to my memory of that person , and when i do , folders open up inside my mind that transport me back to places i have been with or memories i have created with that person .
we just need a place to stay .
its crazy how attached i can get to a place like this .
this place is in far worse condition than i imagined .
like it or not , there are folks aplenty who think that letting the hotel burn to the ground will remind the owner of his proper place . ''
` ` so they 're going to let your place burn down and then unwittingly compensate you for their bigotry .
the two friends started up the driveway towards the neighbor 's place .
wait a sec , doc flanders has a spring in back of his place .
mia was still looking for a place , which she could call home , even if it was only for a short moment .
sometimes after dinner , she stayed in his place for an hour or two and translated some texts that he prepared for her .
he could n't wait longer , but he forced himself to stay at his place and not to touch anything .
you can see he was glad to have such a place called home and apparently , he missed it right now .
-in which place did you live ?
this was n't her home ; it was n't a place she would ever miss .
in the end , every person has to have a place to sleep .
fat chance ; bowling green kentucky was over three hundred miles from his place .
i would live here and make something out of this place .
one week and the place , while not a better homes and gardens house , was livable .
the place still needed new paint , flooring , and furniture , but was livable barely .
beats me , but a guy with a lot of steroids and few brain cells came in and tore up the place , claiming i had bobbys car .
listen , were not going to tear the place up this time , okay ?
how could he afford a place to live ?
the place smelled of new carpet and paint .
plus the fact that i have to keep my own boys at their place for a week or two .
do nt just ask for food , or a place to stay .
james arrived with only $ 2,000 in overhead , no job , no place to live , knowing nobody .
and these summer homes are coddled for like its one of their own kidswho will go on to own the place some dayfollowed by their grandkids .
dwayne further punctuates his point after sipping on his vodka & ginger ale , and even when the place is perfect , and there s nothing else to do , that s when we have a meeting where they want me to pull out a this old house magazine and massage their ass into building a tree house for the kids or god willing an actual addition to the home itself fully equipped with a screened - in porch .
tina mentioned her boston terrier earlier , but cat lovers have a strange tendency to conveniently forget to tell men about a feline until they get you to show up at their place .
the place looks modern , cozy , and ever more importantly , tidy .
james can only get an endless ring tone , however , so he follows by sending gerry a text message reissuing the dinner invitation as well as notifying him that they have a place to stay for the night .
pullman is dark and frigid at this suppertime hour on the galloway family farm- but not too dark for james and gerry both to begin recognizing the familiar aura that reemerges each time one returns to the place they call home .
one place that keeps him hidden from sight , that is soundproof , has enough space to house at least three people , and where there is no close - by neighborhood .
` ` you should stop by my apartment after your shift tonight and help me go through some of this research on vamp gifts , '' eli suggested , since the restaurant was so close to his place .
i got out my phone and texted will that , if anyone asked , i stayed at his place , before closing my eyes and ceasing my protests all the way back to mapleton .
i felt bad that eli was stuck with researching alone , especially when it was to help me , but with alec 's uncanny ability to be everywhere at once , i did n't think it was a good idea for me to go to his place .
so i will shoot to chris place straight after ; pick up chris , aini and the kid and i should be at your place by 11.20 .
i have to go to work at 10 am and i will be at your place around 10.30 am .
after i died , and the makeup had dried , i went back to my place .
this place is so clean it hurt to look at it .
i have a friend here , and a place where we both might stay .
this is the only place she has ever known as home .
everyone knows how much she wants her sailor to call this place home one day .
i ve never had anything , much less my own place , in my whole life .
he had never really felt like one place was the right place for him before , but this was indeed his home , and he was proud to consider san antonio thusly .
i imagine the younger ones sleeping comfortably in their beds dreaming of faraway places .
the place had n't been ransacked , and was neat and tidy , albeit a little dusty .
why go near his place ?
anyone want to come round my place and watch the match on our new telly ?
why do nt we go back to my place ?
be warmer at your place too .
whatever it is , he has to be stashing it back at his place somewhere .
there was only one reason that a person would look the way she looked ` ` you need a place to stay ? ''
` ` is that a ' no i do n't need a place to stay ' or a ' no i do n't trust you farther than i can throw you ? ' ''
through sheer force of will he had kept away from his own apartment , letting her stay at his place to the point where he had nearly worn out his welcome at jenson 's .
i just need a place to stay now that i ve escaped the scientists .
the place was a bit bare but it was homey and inviting .
he was fortunate that his place , funrunners , was one of the few that had riverfront access .
whether they went out or stayed in at either his place or hers , he could nt remember the last saturday night he d spent without her .
as they drove toward the urban area , jen was thankful their place was closer to the outskirts of town .
i ve wanted to see your place ever since you moved here , but there just never seemed a convenient time to do it , julia said .
she doubted that this place ever looked as homey as it did now .
she finally had a place of her own , her own home and bed and husband .
once clean , she put on a fresh pair of jeans and a cool , gauze shirt and let the open windows produce a crosswind that kept the place comfortable .
hey , jess , he said , how do you like my place ?
all of that and more could happen on the sea , but sharon obviously liked the idea of her daughter in one place with itineraries galore to choose from .
we kind of got a place while were staying in town .
hope that changes when we get to their place .
now julie was disgraced in a place that was supposed to be home .
but now , she was in his home , a place free of violence and judgment , and the thought of eating something regained some of its appeal .
he had said it was his home , and her home , before it became an unwelcome terrain , was a place where she ate the breakfast prepared by her mother before kim showed up for the ride to nowhere .
she wanted the comfort of his place because it was safe .
swung by your parents place .
she was far too broken , and her head was full of too many painful memories to imagine a place where she would ever be truly happy .
she nodded on cue without meaning it as they climbed into a taxi and drove back to the only place she could almost call home .
she scrubbed and dusted until the place fairly sparkled , and when she realized that that job was done , she decided to give him something else .
i hear there are good restaurants near your place . ''
she grinned at the exasperation she had felt when she arrived home one evening to find a new desk shifted in and the place immaculate .
the place was n't home any longer .
diane invited jack to spend the night at her place .
though he could afford this type of place as easy as howlett , he preferred more family - type accommodation .
unlike hank , lizzie and amy stayed at lem 's place .
` ` your place is fine , though .
the whole place smelt of cleanliness and furniture polish and gave john an immediate sense of security .
* after being discharged , it took very little persuasion for her to agree to spend a few days at john 's place .
their swim was followed by a snack in the pool 's restaurant and a bus ride back to kylena 's parent 's place .
kylena looked drawn and tired as they drove back to bud and maureen schwalbe 's place , the friends who were looking after the girls .
i reckon if kelvin did a little more work himself he would be able to run his place at a profit .
` ` i just heard on the local radio news that two people were killed just outside our place . ''
i know she 's a senior but i think she 'd like our place . ''
he appeared sullen and out of sorts , stalking to his place and searching through his belongings .
she went back to her place and slipped her leash over her head .
and you left your moms car over at my place , so we got to go get it .
want us three to ride back to my place simi , you up to it ?
so we ride back to my place .
well get derie to drive your car back to your place .
i just got home , and i m looking the place over .
ill be at your place as quickly as i can .
he can stay at my place , offered riyan .
the whole place looked peaceful with only a small portion of the windows having light .
he knew that it was old because the furniture was antique looking , the entire place decorated with things he had come to associate with the past .
the clamour of many people approached her place of refuge , excitement and impatience in their voices as they came across the greensward and massing around her , a silence fell among them as they waited expectantly for the woman to speak .
i seem to have misplaced the keys to my place .
broke in and cleaned the place .
would you like to go to my place to clean up and meet kanade .
come on , lets go to my place .
also , i want to make it look like i m renovating the place so ill need some construction crap .
i m tired of those crazy treasure hunters breaking into my place to get into the tunnel .
dan knew his mother would do anything she could within her means , to secure a stable job , find him a good school and provide a safe place to live .
liz was hoping to get some words of encouragement about her job and her performance , where she would feel more comfortable sourcing a place to rent , but bindi was sticking to her original two - week evaluation period .
i m really looking forward to my meeting with the childrens aid counselor tomorrow , can i tell her that i have a job , and a place to live definitely ?
it was a very slim chance to expect his mother to secure a job and find a place to live all within two weeks .
your place is massive al !
to be honest home was the last place i ever wanted to be , but this was nt something i gave a lot of thought to .
al yelled out , coming to a halt outside an old bungalow , following that up with , fucking hell , look at the state of the place !
boy here has come to help us tidy the place up a bit , ship said , walking towards us .
he was the only person i knew who had their own place .
its almost like having my own place .
i m just trying to stay out of it all ; i ca nt wait for the day when i can afford my own place .
sorry about the mess lads , i do nt really look after the place like i should when jason is nt here , pat said , as he picked up a pair of empty coke cans from the glass topped coffee table in front of us .
now off to my old place ...
i m still adjusting to this place .
she s staying at my place for now .
loading all the items into my little hatchback was the more difficult part but we managed with stuff hanging out all over the place .
but the best thing about the place was that it had the softest beds that i have ever slept in in my entire life .
` ` i ' m going to look for a place to sleep .
` ` my to can find you a place to live . ''
i have my own place to live .
i 'll work the ten hours the boss tells me to work , but i 'll be goddamned if i 'll live in this place . ''
but how 'bout dinner at my place ? ''
love how the place has so livened up since i left .
tell you what , why do nt you come to dinner at my place tonight ?
back to your place with you , he shouted angrily .
but , i do nt have any place to stay .
doc thought to himself and then turned to rego , how about if you stay at my parents place in coln ?
i have found a place for you .
i d be happy to keep an eye on your place , mrs . harmon .
because i d like to have a place to sleep tonight .
though it was a simple affair , the whole cave turned out and an attempt was made to clean and tidy the place to make it more presentable .
eagle - on - high then suggested that they go inspect the winter retreat , for it would soon be time to make the move anyway and it would be good to know the condition of the place .
she felt pleased , for next to dawns , her place looked the neatest : the craftsmanship of kray was obvious .
i remember how tired i was , and you must have been , but right away you set about making this our place .
he enters , pays no mind to the kind greeting of the innkeeper 's wife , and walks upstairs to his small , one room place of residence .
find us a place to stay , mr . honkers commands to his tall servant of sorts .
holy shit am i sick of you little shits shitting around all over my place .
yeah , so , i sorta need a place to st- no , udgd cuts .
ill work for food and a place to sleep .
he has given us a place to stay and he will take good care of our family while were here .
lets go to my place , well have some rest and try to see .
ya robbed my place for the jacket and shirt naw , my jacket and shirt , we both be sharing smelly coodies since pre - kindergarten at four years old being both neighbors and pals .
bad news , cody is in my place alone with very loud rock and roll music playing in the back ground of my bedroom .
i dropped her off at your place and that was the last time i saw her alive .
my place is just round the corner .
on the promise of the best steak ever , she got back in her car and followed an almost total stranger the couple of blocks to his place .
he reflected that the last time he had come home from overseas , while sophie was still married , she had never set foot in a place like this and would nt have dreamt of traveling anywhere that did nt have a warm shower and a color television .
any fool with half a mind could have burgled the place while they slept .
he had indeed got inside the house and finding no one there had ransacked the place .
he insisted that she retrieve jake from the sitter and spend the night at his place .
i do nt want you to go home anyway , just in case the break - in at your place was in some way connected to this whole mess .
perhaps it was the same person who trashed this place , but who was it and what did they want ?
no , and no one seems to be tailing us either but we need to get a place to stay for the night .
someone broke into your place and you and i had only just met .
anyways , i figured they was locked in for the night so i found a place to flop and in the morning i tailed them up to st . augustine .
sloan had planned to move his own parents into the vacated ramsey premises , back to the luxury that was rightfully theirs instead of the crummy little place they now inhabited .
i d barely had my eyes open long enough to explore this place .
she gave them sweets , and sometimes they would spend the entire day at her place .
he told me to come by his place later to have dinner with him and brooke .
i was feeling a cautious tenseness but i also felt a thrilled jolt shoot through me i would soon see the place i was going to live in montana !
i ve been stocking , cleaning , and getting the place ready non - stop since i set foot off the jammer .
in my junior year in high school , when i was seventeen , i was granted emancipation , from the court , because i already had a job and a place to live on my own , from money i got from the federal government because of being in the tribe , and i got in my own place .
in my junior year in high school , when i was seventeen , i was granted emancipation , from the court , because i already had a job and a place to live on my own , from money i got from the federal government because of being in the tribe , and i got in my own place .
get yourself a coffee mug , or a keychain i m actually a full time employee of the park , bridget said , and i work in the administration and i have a place in town , but my office just happens to be here at the lodge , so i like to hang out here with these goofballs .
i did nt tell them i hoped to stay on with the park all year round , because it made it sound like i had no place else to go as a second option if the park job did nt work out .
on the tv some bizarrely dressed dancers were bobbing around a fantasyland scene , singing a song with erratic music blaring and stuffed animals bouncing all over the place .
i looked around the house and what i could see was a small , cozy little place with the kind of comfortable shabbiness that young couples , who are into the outdoors and are kind of artsy , and who do nt have much money , usually exhibit in their furniture and dcor .
i liked the unpretentious feel of the house ; and i felt an honesty in the place .
they know how to make a home of a place , even with barely anything to work with .
somehow , she had snuck out of the place without a sound , as if she had just floated out of the window like a ghost .
as if that was a right answer , sky reached down and placed a menu in front of ronnie and i , and said , listen , you come by our place tonight , will , for dinner .
you just gon na show up at his place and walk in ?
the grass and weeds were grown high in the front and side yards , the dark windows did nt have blinds or curtains in them , and there was just emptiness about the place that was distinctive .
i was out here on the porch , trying to hang a plant , and here comes this cute little black - haired girl , pony - tails swinging , coming over like she owned the place .
were going to visit la for a few weeks , get acclimated , look for a place to live ; and we thought we d drive out and see you on the way .
i would also have to figure out a new job , i reasoned as i sat on the bed , something to keep me in montana , keep me near this place i felt attached to , yet so apart from .
but closing the store down on the last day of the season was a major chore i knew packing up everything for the winter cleaning the place from top to bottom ; and i was sorry i was dumping that on the rest of them .
well , i said , i was nt expecting to just drop this on you , but i was wondering if i could crash here just for a couple days until i find a new place .
but i think jamie may be getting me a job , so i m going to look for a place tomorrow .
it was nt the apartment she had originally found because that place did nt allow pets .
we spent the first couple of evenings hanging out on the little stone back porch the house had , getting a feel for the new place , watching the saint bernard , which was named maddy .
but the place was still home , and it still fit .
ruba ran to his place , grabbed the water bag but had to empty it because his mother had already been to the stream .
she drove stanley in her audi back to his place , where he retrieved the front door key hidden inside a fake stone under the hedge for situations something like this .
by the end of the week he d moved all of his personal stuff out of the house on browning avenue , across the don valley and into isabels place on hampton park crescent .
i went back to my place and , by making a sharp u - turn on my snow - slick street , spun around in the road and shifted gears from first to reverse as i slid backwards up my inclined driveway .
but then he should nt be forced to leave his own place .
his life as he knew it would be over , but he could find some nice place to retire .
ogana was watching what was going quietly as he stumbled all over the place .
instinctively , i reached into my sack and took the string i had taken when i was still at suzannes old place .
in a matter of minutes , this whole place was going collapse on us unless i found some way to get everyone out .
by the time she came back , i would be long gone from this place .
he had been through a lot and i was nt going to leave this place without him or tye .
oh no , she had misinterpreted my words just like the last time at her place .
the place was big enough , with two bedrooms , a kitchen , bathroom and lounge .
she seemed to resent being stuck in this place at the end of the world with a newborn baby to care for .
ronnie immelman was not allowed to go back to south africa and needed a place to stay .
` ` this young man needs a place to stay .
i did n't have a choice but to look for another place to stay .
a few grand features decorating the place , some creepy pictures hanging here and there , a rug which appeared to have once been some kind of large animal , and a red leather chair with its back facing billy .
you ca nt win them all but i think i really had a win there in the long run as we gained a much happier place to live .
after all he was feeding him and giving him a place to sleep .
i was just thinking how delightful it might be to live in a place like this .
this place had nt seen a decent tidy - up let alone a drop of bleach in a very long time .
just the type of place i could see le jaunte living , muttered anastasia .
okay , come to my place as soon as you get up and well go into the woods .
hopefully , he 'd agree with her and tell daddy to let her keep him at their place .
i did nt want the cat to kill him , so i went to look for a safer place for him to live .
it was fun imagining you and your creep squad running around the place with fire extinguishers .
man can you imagine how much it must cost to keep your parents in a place like this ?
they were old men enjoying a card game , this was probably the only place they had to live .
lets say seven oclock at your place ?
some of his friends went by his place , but no one answered the door .
she said vera got another job on park avenue for some family and was making big bucks and that if  you kids want to come up to my place , ill make you a nice spaghetti dinner   to which the kids never accepted .
as they looked at the sixth bathroom marla couldnt help herself and started talking about her place in harlem she lived at with her sister and mother .
you know , ive always wanted a place here ,   said tia absentmindedly staring off into the distance at the twin towers .
and when they all went to hazels house in atlantic beach , ny it even smelled like they were covering up some bad smell , because the place smelled heavily of mothballs and lysol .
the doctor was a specialist in boston , ma , so the first trip eliza made with her mother and sister , staying at their fathers other place had been interesting , but she was too young then .
if you need a place to stay no .
they provided you with dirty rags for clothes , miniscule meals , and no place to sleep but with the livestock while they embraced their superficial nonsense and spent their days in pointless luxury and rose within the social ranks .
a guy could get spoiled living in a place like this , gisbo said , still looking at the empty bed .
this place needs to be cleaned before any boons are allowed in this home , martha said as falcon and moordin begrudgingly began gathering the cleaning supplies from the cupboard .
the place was an absolute mess .
he s back at our place .
he had a nice place to live , he was following his dream , he had friends and best of all , he had no more classrooms in his future !
do nt get overwhelmeddreams are designed to adapt and hold my attention , which was suddenly working very well she s beautiful collected , i reply , hi , i m gabriel and on a trip between the islands in need of a place to stay for the night , do you have anything available ?
happy she s real , i imagine being able to start a life of meaning in this place with her .
no , the lama smiled affably , i rarely get out of this place .
then she suddenly turned morose and said with a forced smile , ' i know you 'd leave me after completion of the mission and get back to your place . '
the family knew they spent too much time in one place when they had trouble sleeping at night .
i sort'a figured , seeing as i ' m temporarily without accommodations , i 'd ask if you 'd help me find a place to hide out for a while until i can sort things out a bit .
when you 're ready , come back over to my place . ''
at these temperatures , the place would very quickly drop below freezing if there were no power to run the heating system .
` ` oh , this is your place ? ''
there 's been a few changes and steve and harry will be taking tom and bob 's place , '' says joe as they get up and head for a diner up the street .
david sits on the sofa but lance walks around continuing to look the place over .
as she lay there , mam ' struggled through the turbulence of conflicting emotions ; she felt privileged to have that small place to herself ; she was relieved she 'd no longer have to suffer from that woman 's sickness and tolerate her effluence , her noise , her presence .
i should probably be pissed , but i have places to go .
you know , if you d even once taken out the garbage , you would have noticed this place .
i gave you a place to stay , i went out and bought food all the time , i- ed cut him short with a poke to the chest with his cane , one that was surprisingly gentle .
even if i made it up those stairs , i would nt know my way around inside the damn place .
we were driving around for forty - five minutes looking for a place to stay .
there were eight policemen crowded into the cramped , dark flat , completely at sixes and sevens , trying to search the place with several tiny torches .
* * * * * * chapter five jura was only a temporary refuge until we could find a place of our own .
we had to return to edinburgh , but we continued to look all around scotland for a place we could buy .
another couple , harry and sandra , had been sharing in our fantasies , and we had made a tentative arrangement to buy a place together .
normally , i would avoid such types and find my own place to stay , but this time i gave in when accosted by a delightful young chap called ali and agreed , ok , you find me a room .
` ` you 're just impossible to live with , and you ' ve run through all my money and we 're still nowhere near getting this place together .
i drove like a man possessed back through fife , paused at the mill to hurl orders at mairi : ` ` get the place tidied up !
on another level , i knew they were just desperate people looking for a place to stay and thinking ' this is good ' .
it was the most comfortable place she had ever stayed and coursa was like no other woman jain had ever met .
coursa kept the place in good order but jain started tidying up while airk banked the fire and started shoveling some of the ashes out of the fireplace .
now jain had a place all to herself and found that she did not care for it .
the place looked exactly like every other peasant cottage , so joff had no way to be sure that it was the right one .
the place was boring , nothing but gray walls and gray floors and gray counters - the only thing breaking the monotony was a tiny faded christmas tree in a corner with six or seven ornaments hanging from the sparse branches .
it was a weird feeling to suddenly feel like the only place you ' ve ever lived is no longer yours , occupied instead by some monster of a man willing to kick a little kid .
` ` building us a log cabin so we 'll have a place to mope about while we 're stuck here ? ''
when i was younger , a group of us tried to bring order to this place .
i almost think of this place as a home .
it would take some time to get the place properly furnished .
i used to drag my friends over to her place all hours out of the blue .
oh , she s still adjusting to this place , i whispered back , though loud enough for urszula to overhear .
the place exuded an aura of family and comfort that i had nt felt in a long time .
being a hermit was no fun in a place devoid of substitutes or proxies for human companionship .
the place could nt be too shabby if that s how leaving made them react .
i studied them like an anthropologist , curious to know who got to live in a place like this , wondering if it had room for someone like me .
he knew she needed them right now it was hard to hide things from each other when you lived in such a small place .
it was a nice place to live , certainly , and raise a family beside sisila , but he thought to himself sometimes that he might go out and see the world a little bitnot too much , of course .
and even though bashas chances were slim , at least he tried to earn a better place for himself .
all of the supplies that we were going to need for the courtship ritual had just arrived , habala said , and we needed to clean up the place just a bit , and i found this in a cornerit must have been buried under some boxes .
because that meant he had no purpose , no family , and no place to call his own .
this is my home , the one place i have ever truly known , and i do not know what the rest of the world is like .
i ve got to go find a place to crash tonight .
plus i told ukyo i would be back for dinner at her place .
have you found a place to stay the night yet ?
ukyo offered me crash space at her place .
other than the fact that she did nt have a place to workout .
we should probably head over to your place now , ukyo .
well , now that you ve beaten me for the millionth time , do you want to go back to my place ?
he politely asked if he could have a place to sleep for the night .
i just wanted the three of us to live in a decent place without all the ghetto shit ... and momma needed real medical care .
i like your new place , saffy .
and it makes me hate my place , a place that i used to love .
a short run later , we were at the base of the stairs leading up to the blue line l train we would have to take to get to teag 's place .
i liked the idea that we could have this place and a purpose beyond hiding what we were from the rest of civilization .
home seemed so long ago and far away that i barely remembered my cramped apartment , the smell of indian food wafting up from mr . suresh 's place .
the place was frilly with quilted everything like a grandma had decorated it .
if i made it out alive , i swore any place i lived would not have white walls .
go by his place and check on him , then get back here .
were headed back to our place .
the place was clean and tidy , just the way he d left it .
we drove straight to jacks house ; it was great having a place to go without worrying about anyone else bothering us , a place we could just be ourselves , and not have to worry about keeping our voices down or being stared at .
we drove straight to jacks house ; it was great having a place to go without worrying about anyone else bothering us , a place we could just be ourselves , and not have to worry about keeping our voices down or being stared at .
we should go back to your place and start cleaning up .
you 're in the place you love - our home .
my grandmother spent most of her days and nights tearing around the place making a fantastic mess .
i thought you did n't like using magic to fix the house , i thought you said it gave it a life of its own and we could n't afford to have this old place getting any more cheeky than it already is ?
i come home almost every day to find the place completely trashed .
basements are n't common in texas but quack 's place had one .
donny your place is a wreck .
he would have preferred to rent a place with jake , but with him gone to basic training and not having much income while going to school , chris settled for another guy he had know through work .
he and mike had gone in on some cheap furniture and things for there new place , but then it went south .
jake was back from training and was applying for good jobs so that he could get a place of his own .
despite the fact that chris had lived here just weeks before , the place now felt completely like someone elses home .
he was not ready to confront the place where his mother had met her agonizing end .
ill go to my place and see if he s still there .
well , i suppose i d better get back to my place before my boyfriend gets worried and comes looking for me .
but i do give them a place to stay and to rest up and to unburden their sins .
` ` does he share a place with other guys ? ''
well , i should think that we should look for a place to stay .
it was a place she 'd once created for herself .
a place where he was immaterial .
both she and randall were excited to have a place of their own to start their new life together .
it seemed impossible that he could be in another place other than earth .
families in wagons seemingly with no place to go watched him and talon as the two men made their way toward the village stables .
they will not risk venturing into our colony , and they will assume you would never leave this place alive as welland rightly so i suppose .
it could be that i d like the place so much i d settle down to live happily ever after there until the day i died .
the whole place seemed to be waiting to be brought to life .
i wanted a place to go .
besides my own room , i had nt checked the place out .
ill take you to the shops , get you whatever supplies you need , and you can stay the night at my place .
he d already bought her loads of goods , ordered the shop keeps to send the stuff over to his place at a specific time , and seemed ready to keep at it .
its growing late , and much awaits us back at my place .
that , or i could very well find myself looking for a new place to live , along with a new job .
good thing we did n't leave it all the way back at your place . ''
drew and i continued to hang out mostly at my place .
i know i ' ve got a job , and a place to live .
he promised that he would make sure they had a place to stay and they could eat at his restaurant free of charge .
i get a place to hole up until i come out of retirement once a year to sell my banana - bonanza and when i do i have a house full of perfectly willing inhabitants who will sit numbly by until i return to deliver them their fountain of youth .
it was a decent enough place , but as i looked around , i had to admit that there were days when i really missed my expansive childhood home .
as i looked toward his house , which was almost a block away , i could already tell there were no police cars or any other kind of action going on at his place .
my dad had been hired by a large engineering corporation , and wanted to find a place closer to his work .
countless hours we d spend at each others homes and boy had i loved going to her place .
i used to love opening her cupboard and seeing all the things that my mom had banned in our place - like twinkies , ho - ho 's , and other sugary goodness .
i went by his place yesterday , expecting to see cops surrounding the place , but it was quiet , no one seemed to even be home .
i went by his place yesterday , expecting to see cops surrounding the place , but it was quiet , no one seemed to even be home .
if tyler really had killed his parents , the cops would be crawling all over his place .
let 's go over to his place right now .
i got dressed and took the elevator up a few floors to his place , grateful that we lived in the same building .
not only was his place bigger , but he had grandeur tastes and had spent hundreds of thousands of dollars furnishing it .
can we please go to your place so i can take a shower ?
nick could tell that the place had once been pretty pleasant : large enough for a family as big as his own and no need to cram all the kids into one room .
it seems a nice comfortable old house ; and the grounds , too , appear to be amazingly well wooded , which , to one of rather a romantic temperament like myself , is always an additional charm to a place .
and i ca nt support you forever , so as soon as we can find a better place for you to go .
how did you get from the hospital to my place ?
well , okay , subie was nt exactly nice at first , but i got to your place alright .
this place is only big enough for one person , and i only have one bathroom .
unfortunately , it did nt take long to clean his tiny place .
even after only one day she had changed the atmosphere of his place .
he had nt grabbed one for anyone else when they stopped at his place .
sam made the cab stop at his place so he could get his running prosthetic strapped on .
he went back to his room to find his girlfriend , who happened to be staying at his place that night , stabbed to death by a dagger he had never seen before .
what s a housemaid doing prowling around the place at this hour , like a thief ?
ill find you a place to stay , get you a job .
a fact made clear by my knowledge that she would never live in a place so proudly low income .
my first impression was that the place was remarkably well arranged for a bachelor pad , with classy dcor and well placed artistic touches in every room .
from being an hour early at the defence training offices , to benny knowing when i would be moving out and looking for a place to stay .
i wanted her to tell me i still had someone who cared about me , that i still had a home , a place which i could rely on for love and support no matter what i had done .
there was a man here who said we needed to ask you if there was a place to stay in this village , paddy added nervously .
he has a warm place to sleep and food to eat .
at least he has a job , and a place to live .
being out in the countryside was liberating , a lone wandering road all to himself , embarking on a journey that would lead him some place else .
he felt glad to be returning some place so pleasant , away from all the fighting and the madness .
found the place a mess .
this was a prime location for folk traveling to and from wake 's end , whitelake , morhaven north , south , everyone needs a place to stay , certainly when the storms come to ruin your big travel plans .
the guards will show you some place you can stay , he said , motioning to the guards standing watch by the door .
what broke the place , war , an earthquake , it was impossible to say .
he gasped in horror at the unholy monstrosity tearing the place apart .
promptly he noted the thick layer of dust covering all the furnishings , the place had been unoccupied for a long time .
this place is great , but my home has things you ve never seen before .
so , she gives us a tour of her place .
well , to make a long story short , vyryvyr treated us to some very excellent meals - we stayed at her place for two nights , and then we said goodbye , and got back on the road going north .
that 's why she let us leave from her place alive .
i know it was nt your place .
they may not be human , apparently , but everything needed a place to reside .
he needed a place to stay tonight .
the place was in need of a paintjob , or maybe a bulldozer .
he knew to the penny what the place was worth what all his homes were worth .
she therefore became one of the most reclusive inhabitants of novosibirsk : a place with no schools , no puppet shows , no parades or carnivals ; a place with no chance that she might ever see another child .
after the lonely walk back to his study he picked up the ink pen again , ready to draw in the old , affected way , ready to draw lines around other peoples lives , around their places of living .
she saw her hideaway now as it must have been for a couple of hundred years : home for native siberian families , a place where heavy toil and passionate feelings of love , hate , restlessness , jealousy , vigilance , and contentment had superseded any inclination toward a more contemplative life .
todd , did you , have you ever felt anything unusual going on in your place ?
i am staying in vydrino , the place where i was bornand died .
i ' m sure my trip will help get this place into the shape it should be in , merlin said .
the place was temporary , she had told herself .
some even offered her a place to sleep , but that took more trust than karen had .
amira wondered if count barnard had some larger domicile out in the hinterlands , or if tyndam was just a humbler place down to the very last brick .
she could nt understand why someone would choose to live on the move like that , never settling down in one place .
its back at my place .
it was double the size of my place and a hell of a lot nicer .
ill come by your place and pick her up tonight after i m done with work , he told me , and i nodded without looking at him .
it was as if everyone cleaned up the place real nice and then vanished .
or it can just appear places .
he clearly was trying to find a place for her .
we got to my place .
~*~*~ melvin klein sat on the stairs to my place when i returned .
relief cascaded over me when sean parked in front of my place .
i do n't have an extra room at my place , but you can crash on the couch if you need to .
straight ahead was the door to chris and my place .
it was bad enough my mess had trashed half our place .
when i first called him i told him about the attack at my place the night before and us needing to rescue fernando .
her red hair flew all over the place , her eyes barely open .
he sobered , i ve got some place to go , and there s no sence in you hanging around here by yourself .
to jake he said , you bring her to my place , i will teach her how to handle monsters .
the longest we ever stayed in one place was when we were in new orleans .
this place is so big , it would take forever to dust and polish all of these floors , i stated , noticing that most of it was hardwood .
this place , though , its like something out of an architectural magazine , i d never suspect the homeowners were magical beings .
oh , well now that we do nt have to hide our magic , i spruced up the place .
you re going to need a new place to live .
after i scoured every room in the house , including the theater room and upper level where kristie and dan slept , my eyes began to fill with frustrated tears ; the place appeared deserted and i had no idea what to do next .
saras place is located in a newer development where many of the homes are still under construction and thankfully , we did nt run into any zombies .
they re going to walk the three blocks to get to your place .
thirty minutes later and after some insistent knocking at one point , i joined them in the hall , wearing what was probably my eight hundredth black turtleneck and jeans since coming to this place .
while mom had been missing for the past six months , ariadne had checked the records and told me that there was nt a mortgage on the place .
i had used my ample earnings to keep the property taxes and homeowners insurance paid and a lawn and maintenance service helped keep the place up for me .
after we get to the hospital , we seriously need to find a place to crash for the night or else you need to take over driving .
the aged wooden siding looked like i d get splinters just from touching it , and i had a suspicion that the dark lines on the roof meant that this place could nt hold its water .
if the rest of the place is cracked and peeling , why do those windows look new ?
if by sprucing up you mean set on fire than yes , sprucing up is exactly what this place needs .
yeah mom , i know what you need to make this place a home .
i m gon na drive by there and pick up some hair dye for my roots and some stuff to clean this place , and maybe see if a manager is around so i can see about the job .
yep , ill introduce you to him at my place after school today if you want .
we can work out the details later , at my place .
theodore was responsible for the fifteenth level of hell , hell - o , which , incredibly , just happened to be the ever - lasting dwelling place of the c - list celebrity ... theodore 's level , consequently , was jammed to the rafters , so to speak , with ex - soap actors with failed pop careers , young girls of dubious morality , whose only talent seemed to be the ability to be photographed wearing short skirts and no underwear , back bench politicians and anybody , anywhere who had ever appeared on anything that had the word reality attached to it ... hell - o , in theodore 's opinion , was probably the toughest level to administer .
with a heavy sigh , i locked the door and started to walk the distance between our place and the bar .
he sacrificed finally having a place to call home in order to do what was best for you and your father .
the barber - surgeon served as coe babas only doctor if one did not count the midwife , the veterinarian , and the healer mirari who visited coe baba during the reda , plig , and suma months , especially when the barber - surgeon had a permanent place of operation while the other three traveled around the territory .
he was in a sitting room , plush rose chairs placed about a carpeted rug , never had he seenwhat was this place ?
the point is , i have nt got any place else to go , not really , and i want to join you all .
by the time he stumbled out the front door of the restaurant to find a place to stay for the night , his head was even foggier than it had been , although his stomach was pleasantly full and his mood was expansive .
these halls may not be as beautiful as the world above us , but for many years , they were the home place of the dainties , said oggius .
okay , packing a bag , running by jacks to smack him upside the head , and then i will be on my way to your place to pick you up .
i would say just play it cool like nothing happened , and you know you can always stay at my place if you need a little privacy with evan to you know talk .
asi says they ll bring the jeep to my place and drop it off in a bit .
no , we stayed at jacks place last night .
i need to run by your place after class and grab a shower and change , is that okay ?
i m going to take ash back to her place to change before tonight .
lets get back to my place so we can get ready .
maybe you should shift to wolf for a while when we get back to my place , just long enough to speed up the healing on that .
i was also thinking , it was really time to get my own place .
it was better than some of the other places he had been forced to sleep in his life , and after all of the poor choices he had made , it did little good to complain .
her clothing and food were simple , but she had them , as well as a place to sleep that stayed warm most nights .
castle greydawn had almost never been a place of happiness for her , but it had at least been a place of safety .
my partners at your place already .
it was a low set brick place with a shared driveway between the two units and neat yard bare of garden beds .
they hit your place last night and they took out nolan .
was she the one who d been outside my place when saif attacked ?
what was she doing at my place ?
ivan and brad had taken her back to their place the night before .
the moonlight and yourglow really light this place up .
she had looked around the cabin thoroughly to erase signs of her presence , and had cleaned the place completely .
the place was a mess inside , probably left just as it was .
perhaps she had a place close by .
only they were going to do the deed here , under the bridge , instead of going off to her place , or link 's .
he just happens to be at the bar with all those zombies ; he just happens to be at your place with this girl who turns into a dog , a girl who was also at the bar .
` ` we 'll probably hit another bar , and then go back to my place . ''
i was real close to my place , just a couple of blocks from here .
on the last night , before her leaving , they made love twice , in the evening over a bottle of wine at his place , and then again in the morning .
it would be okay to stay at his place , he said , though jake felt somewhat apprehensive about twilight staying there also .
the cops are heading up to my place .
the place felt like the turtle shell i found on the beach when i was six , empty , cold , and dead .
we traveled to a high - end housing area where places were two or three stories high .
the place looked old with the antique furniture , but out of place with the bright clothing and make - up littering the floor and draping over the wood frames .
i found a place to stay .
since her dad found another place to live , they were selling the house and moving to the single apartment building in town .
you 'll be making a home of this place for a while .
simon grinned to himself , thinking that his new home was also the place where a certain filly lived ; the sassy firecracker with wild hair , a devilish grin , and a heavenly caboose .
` ` well , by the time you 're out of classes , i 'll be helping brody 's cousin move in to his place .
simon was a bit stunned ; he did n't expect anyone else to be at his new place , let alone folks that he barely knew who came to offer a friendly hand .
there was concern about his adjustment in a new place , as well as a stronger worry about his cousin 's mental well - being and if semi - seclusion was healthy for him .
soon after the steady rain dwindled to a mist , two ladies from a pet rescue organization pulled up in front of his place .
feed and clothe them , i mean , maybe even find a place for them to live .
did you build this place or do you just inhabit it ?
the road went back into town to her right and on the left it went towards her place .
do you want to come to my place ?
as i wandered through the forest , searching for a place to spend the night , i saw a creature lurking in the dark .
cylas ' home was not the only place in a somber mood .
they fought all over his house , wrecking the entire place .
her sister kept the place clean , cooked , and watered the flowers .
i go over to her place and get to see every piece of merchandise infinity is getting royalties on that the whitecoat is nt .
i needed my own place .
for my birthday last year , my parents and i had an extension built onto my room , expanding it further into the canyon so that i had my own apartment , complete with my own front door entrance from the kapow that was just around the corner from my parents place .
he also had a way with animals , and from the few times she had left him in her house alone , she had always come back to the place sparkling clean .
i am afraid that he will attempt to drive you away , and i want you to start looking for a new place before he can do that , so that i know that both of you will be safe .
i know you have already lost one home and it pains me to ask it , but please , jorr , leave edwin to his foolishness here and find a place where you will be safe , for my sake if not for your own .
the place was empty except for the furniture , suggesting that the murders had taken place particularly early in the morning or during the night .
the very last thing he wanted to find in his former home were the bodies of the two people who had made this place feel like home to him .
he came back to korsten still shutting himself into his room and haunting the place with his melancholy attitude , but it was different somehow .
do nt you worry about that , i will find a place for you and your child , a place of safety , she said , immediately thinking of santomine .
for a short time he had a place he could call home .
we need to find a place to stay .
lou , once a proud navy seal serving his country , was like many other vets returning home to find no job or place to live .
to make the place homey , a large solid mahogany half wall separated the office from the living area .
all in all , my new york apartment is a great place to call home , or my home away from home if taking into consideration the one on keob .
still , having a place completely to myself might be good for lowering my stress level .
well have to take him to your place for the time being , alura said .
being my sister , it seemed only right to have big brother check her place out , and eat her food for a change .
while we did nt have a wild party last night , the place did get messy with empty pizza crust and spilled beer .
i had not yet been to aluras apartment and was curious what her place looked like .
efficient living in an efficiency apartment makes sense i guess , but i would suggest at least a painting or picture be hung on a wall to liven up the place .
you almost destroyed this place , remember ?
i ran in through the open doorway and found the place in ashes .
perhaps building a falconry would be nice addition to this place .
i can remember one time when i was playing with the door in our old place by putting my arm in the crack with the hinge .
anyways in our new place there was another door at the other end of our room that was closed most of the time .
in fact he walked around the apartment as if he owned the place .
i thought back to the time when we first came to this apartment and of vincents reaction to being in a new place .
when i invited you to my home , it was nt just a place to stay i was offering .
we were forced to move and the new place did nt allow pets .
i would not leave this place without him .
you d trash the place , she went on , getting into a shower .
i held my hand up for them to stop and give me time to assess the place .
i m looking for a place to spend the night .
my son has his own place now , just outside of town , and ill be honest , i do nt get half the company i m used to , now that he s moved out .
i do not know what my fate would be if i were cast out of the royal family , for i would have no place at all to live .
he never asked if i had a place to stay because he assumed i had come to visit him from the palace .
we stay in whatever home will take us in and , at first , i was worried that we would not have a place to rest our heads at night .
with winter only a few months away and you to be born mid - winter , i will need a place to stay and raise you .
i have not had a place to hide from the witchs scorn for a very long time .
at her old place it 'd have been an ugly lock and fumbling with keys , but her aunts can afford seemingly anything .
they are accustomed to exploring lands on their own and are glad enough that we are letting them stay at our place .
he shakes his head , grinning , its with the mechanic near my place .
he is staying at our place .
his hair is all over the place , his t - shirt , no , my t - shirtthat he is wearing is askew and his eyes are droopy , indicating he has nt been up for a long time .
neal frowns , i was wondering how did you guys brought me to your place .
i shrug at him now , nonchalant , this whole place seems high maintenance .
so far , my grandmothers house is the only place i have visited except for the mansion .
when neal called and informed me of the attack at his place , she lifts her head and looks at my father , i knew that my days of lying to the first occultist are going by fast .
to be honest , i do nt really want to move from this place .
the stairs up to his place are gon na be brutal for him .
you re right , our place really does smell awful .
aside from my bedroom , this is all there is to the place .
they re on a cruise right now , so we d have the place to ourselves .
the room was sparsely furnished ; there was nt even a picture hanging on the wall to brighten the place up .
from what i made out , she s got her own place now .
once they arrived at her place , he started to relax a little though .
what if my subconscious decides to trash my place the next time i go to bed and it actually does some damage this time ?
lets go play cards at my place , alice said as she wrinkled her nose with disgust .
you do n't have to pack and when you get to the new place , all the other mice families will think you are just adorable .
uh we could do it at my place , lodge offered hesitantly .
it was absolute bliss that seized them the moment the sea , with one final gentle push , deposited them on the shore of a place that could have been no more real than a dying worlds desperate dream .
then an unexpected thing happened at the end of april , a week after they signed the lease agreement on their new place .
if you ever need a place to stay , you and alexandra will have your own bedroom .
were here to ask for a place to stay the night .
a place to stay the night ?
twould not surprise me to find this place is trapped , herrdon whispered .
it would take her an added ten minutes to hike out to the portal from her place , less if she ran .
it took four minutes to drive to charmings place .
i m at her place now .
when i get paid , ill throw one at my sisters place .
ill pick you up at your place at 9:30 p.m. , he said .
ill just stop by your place tonight .
* * * grab your crap and get the hell out of my place , caleb demanded .
but what does that have to do with come to my place friday night at seven oclock , she said .
now , lets see if we can get you back to your place ... safely and intact .
if she could find a place to buy outright , shed have one less bill since she would nt have to worry about rent .
but , why are you going to find a place ? ''
` ` well , i ' m gon na need a place to live ... '' she bumped her forehead against his .
how about lunch at my place tomorrow ? ''
i faltered a bit , not wanting to hurt her feelings by pointing out the severe clutter that littered the place .
` ` so , '' i looked around the meadow , ` ` is this my place ?
` ` well , '' he said as he turned around and looked across the meadow , ` ` this is the edge of my place .
when i return to the flat to make dinner , the whole place is buzzing with activity ; alice , rhys , the other guys , even victoria ; are all in the kitchen .
he wants us to check out our new place then take us out to lunch to celebrate .
are nt you the least bit curious about your new place ?
i was speechless when elliot opened the door labeled 1013 and our new place was exposed .
this was nt like my little one bedroom place back in georgia .
the only difference between this place and a normal home was the history behind it .
i will do my best to stay out of your way at home until i can find a new place to live .
erin looked around at the cobwebs coating the walls and the strata of dust , the floorboards coming up and the flakes of ceiling coming down , and thought of all the work it would take to get this place running again .
the mayor stuttered and said , w - well , i must admit the business it would bring if travelers had a place to stay ...
i ' m just about to mop in here , should make the place look much better , kota said .
of course , once word got back to erin he would probably be out of a job and a place to live , at the very least .
oh , she s over at the farmers place , marcus said after he dropped the wood next to the fire and fed it a few pieces .
you know , more than the permanent bad mood he s been in since you moved into this creepy place .
the wayfarers tune changed as they marched in the dusty lane between the buildings , but erin hardly noticed ; she could feel the entire empire and beyond spreading beneath her feet , and an aching she hardly knew to go to the places she did not know existed before now grew with every step .
you obviously need a place to stay .
i guess we can go find another place to stay .
within those few weeks , however , of being on earth , dylan and i had found a new place to stay ; and katy started paying me to work .
conrad watched them tear up the place without a care in the world .
he wanted to surprise you with this place , but ... do n't worry , some things are not meant to be , his mother said with a melancholy smile , patting his back .
` ` we need a place to live , jaxon .
i hope you 're finding my place for you far more fitting than that dank little room you holed yourself up in .
i think i 'll be able to find a place for you here .
i was already on the way back to health , you just gave me a place to sleep .
my own wife refused to help me clean out this place , the man said as he opened the door .
i can offer your companions a place to stay until you return .
who will all need a place to live .
she was on her way to crystabellas : the place edan thought to call his home .
as the night ran into the dawn of a new day , lyric had done the right thing and accompanied tatiana back to the place she called home .
her firstborn was in a place he should never have been .
you have no place to return .
my mother told him the name of her lineage , and she thought her family would give him a place to stay .
even now do i go away to prepare a place for you .
i swear , the only thing i m going to miss about this place is having you around .
whatever desire i had to stay disappeared when i looked at the place .
well , you would have to clean up after yourself but by the looks of this place , that would nt be a problem .
lets go get your stuff and then we can go to my place , ok .
i imagined this place to be one of the places that the kids that did nt go to college lived .
for those few short hours i was able to tune out my crazy life and forget about the troubles outside of this place .
still , i was content in this place .
technically , he was nt in his grave either , but it felt good to have a place to visit him .
i have spent the last year wandering the arizona territories in search of a place to call home , but how can anywhere truly be a home without my loved ones to fill it .
i have fallen into my place as if i ve never left , picking up my chores on the go .
he s heard that i live with them in my own place now .
dimitri marches through to another room , and yet again i stare at the richness of this place .
take raina outside , on my uncles land , find a place to stay with her .
lillys favorites babys breath and pink carnations are arranged all over the place and a wood carving with the moretti emblem is on the face of a low coffee table .
and i ' m sure even if we found a place to stay , then ben would still be stalked by demons in disguise , like that one that raziel vaporized .
and then i started to realize i knew very little about the protection mrs . parker had put on this place .
also , he was trying hard to be a better husband ; actually began to cut his time with dad down and spend more time with me at our place .
she must have saved a portion of it every month until she had enough to get a place , just taking a little out at a time .
i hoped , oh how i hoped , she was still working for baskin robbins and knew of some place i could stay , and where i might possibly find a job .
just asking you to take advantage of my offer of a place for you to stay until you get a job and can get your own place .
just asking you to take advantage of my offer of a place for you to stay until you get a job and can get your own place .
but only until i get a job and my own place .
right now , gregs been nice enough to let me stay at his place .
after about twenty minutes , i decided that i had circled the park a sufficient number of times and headed straight for my place .
i had a job , my own place , and good friends , human and supernatural .
then we could go to your place or mine and visit for a while ?
you have a place to stay ?
shed come over after i got off work , or i would go to her place .
i have my own place .
i let them know that mom had asked me to come over to her place later , have dinner and watch a movie on television , and i had said i would .
you inform me that i am to leave the only place i have felt at home since my mothers death , and that i am to marry a man , whom i have not even met , with such easy breath ?
nyasha loved her mama , too , but asha cormorin had always been content to stay at the house , doing all the warm , homely things that made it such a lovely place despite its shabbiness .
after some causerie about the various trifles and trivialities pertaining to their common kin over that delightful tea and pakoras , the course of the conversation finally turned to the little matter of finding raghuvir a place to live , at which mr . dogra enthusiastically thumped his sinewy hand against the table and began announcing to his visitors , just what sort of a wonderful perfect place he had under his eyes for mr . dixit .
but do nt you worry none , i just called miss anoothi , explaining to her our situation , and she has agreed to give you a ride to your new place .
the palace was no place for a babe , and my job journeying between jaden and kilkiny was too dangerous , so we decided cordis would raise you far away to keep you safe .
he could have written back but with the loss of the apartment and her marvelous mother ( he weeps at that ) and their country place , marie - claude is faint and impoverished , one - dimensional , like the photos , stripped of the great associations .
they have a place to go , somewhere in the direction of the sun .
there they were given a place to live and a land to tend , and promised that , so long as they held fast to the purposes of the almighty king , they would not see death as their fellows in the world below .
all spoke the modern english fluently , yet all of their words had a distant taint which hinted at past lives in far away places .
there must be some form of science watching over this place .
i m not inviting you to my place , she tells him .
he hoped the money would be enough to get him a safe place to stay and last long enough for him to find a job .
she also prayed that god would somehow get glade a safe place to live too .
now that god had answered her prayers to help her live with aunt meredith , maybe he would answer her prayers to help glade to also have a safe place to live .
it would take awhile for her to get used to living in a new place and learn where everything was .
although alex was grateful for a safer place to live , who knew how long it would last ?
she would earn that money honorably and nothing would stop her from being able to have her own place so she and glade could be together as brother and sister again .
this way you do nt have to live out your retirement years in a place that has so much junk in the front yard that people drive by always thinking you re having a yard sale but are too scared to get any closer to see just exactly what it is that s possibly for sale .
homeless when you do n't have a place to live on a regular basis because you ca n't afford to pay for your own housing .
they had only been married about ten months and were visiting new jersey to do two things : ( 1 ) pick out a new place to live , and ( 2 ) visit one of her best friends , a woman of color named whitney .
jakes house is less than a mile away from my place , we all live within a few blocks of each other , we could be there for only a couple of hours and then leave , he said with a charming smile .
leena felt alex 's invitation to hang out at her place made it nearly official that they were best friends .
not to mention that a warm stew and a place to sleep was all the ebulon soldiers had to show for their services .
we will give birth to a new species in this city , fill these empty streets with life , and finally have a place to call our own !
they were always around each others places .
do nt you know you ll get places faster , if you actually move forward ?
well , replied one of the farmers , that young man and two of his friends were out at my place last night , setting that machine of theirs up .
he advised me to set aside money for bills , to get health insurance , to hold on to the house since it was paid - for , and that it would give me a place to stay while i worked through whatever life plan i had , if any .
just want to know why you d think i d stay in this place after all i ve been through .
then , bert and fancy said i could stay at their place last kindermas holiday , bein as cold as it was .
by time folks got out to his place old pete lay by his barn door with his neck broke and completely dead .
i wish it was that easy to find a place for me .
of course , i have nt yet found the ideal circumstances that suit me perfectly , but i have proved myself capable of coping in many situations , so i am optimistic that i will soon be able to find a place , or at least be successful until i do .
he wanted to live in this place forever never leaving its comforts .
it was after all a mans job , or so the men had said , and there were far too many men in wildspot who believed a womans place was at home .
i m sure you can find a place to stay the night .
a g - goblin f - f - found our place an hour ag - go , commented lothar .
it seems like yesterday you wandered into my place , asking for directions .
he had dressed the place up with pieces from local artists and his tropical fish tank , which cassie was sure must be some kind of health code violation .
she s not going to be serving coffee for a living , and i do nt think its fair to expect a high school student to put in these kinds of hours for what your place pays , she finished bitterly .
the place was cheap , but the maids did a serviceable job cleaning the place , saving him the effort of cleaning up after himself .
at least this way your friend can get a decent place to spend eternity .
we should find place make our idea of entertaining people a reality , said davrael , practically .
i am now an exile , a wanderer , an outlaw , a fugitive , with no home , people , or place to call my own .
you re disturbing the peace of this place .
it was even bigger than the place i was staying .
butthis place definitely has spirit .
we use to share a place , but now i have my own apartment on the fifth floor .
you already gave me a place to live .
at least i knew my place there , even if i did nt like it .
i had a job i loved , an amazing place to live , good friends , and maybe , just maybe , a potential love interest .
home was the only place auron did not feel like a mercenary or a foreigner .
i do not plan to kindle this place on fire .
this place is over - the - top , even for my adventurous g - mom !
we can go back to my place .
this is so embarrassingbut , would you mind if i crash at your place for another night or two .
no , hell bring me over to your place , after their set she said and the silence grew awkward .
how about dinner at my place around 8 ?
after offering me the physical address to it , she insisted that is the place she lives in with her adopted island sisters .
the hospital was the only place i was happy to be at without them because they would ve blamed her like boo - bear says .
but , then he said i could live at his place ... called it an all - girls dorm , like at college .
lina realized that more than wanting her , he really only wanted a place to call home .
you re living in this insanely gorgeous place , with all these , people .
patti watched in awe as the four egyptian women moved about the room liked they owned the place .
your place is the ugliest around here , said the second boy .
he d have the whole place in fits for hours .
we had just finished building this place , but we never got to move in .
i 'll spend the night at her place and check in with you tomorrow night ? ''
` ` i went by the girlfriend 's house to see if that was where they went , but they were n't there , so i figured i could keep an eye on jack 's place , since the client suspects jack is his wife 's lover . ''
although barn one was empty at the moment , cassie knew that it would soon be full because horsemen needing a place to winter their horses often used eryn 's farm .
it would really suck if sara moved into her place .
i would nt ever have had the funds to buy a place like this , or to have built it from flat land .
they taught me to help people with spells and medicines , they gave me a place to live , and many other things , all for free .
you know , i ca nt complain very much about my life ; i have a wonderful husband , beautiful children , a nice place to live , a good job , and wonderful friends .
you then proceeded to move to a new place , and a job you d never had before .
we will find you a place to live , alisim .
is that why you wo nt let us find you a place to live ?
if you need a place to stay , just go down to the girlers temple and tell them , and they ll find you one .
and afterwards , we went off to a place where a lot of them live , and had a big supper party .
exhausted but still joyful , she and her friends had staggered through the dawn - colored snowdrifts to accept trelkirs invitation of a place to sleep .
do you have a place to sleep tonight ?
the place before her was exactly the kind of house to chuck a brick at someones head .
that we return to my place and we think about this .
that s enough , tyman , interrupted nerys , flynn , if this is bit much , you can find me a place to stay and we can meet in morning and discuss , but it would be best to have this done tonight .
the place was very tidy , a few boxes here and there and a few pieces of clothing thrown on the sparse old furniture .
i pay for my crappy little place .
elma gets very angry , and is taken unawares , is very stressed , looks for new places to run away , pulls out the place .
do you have any place to stay tonight ?
i would have to get used to this place sooner or later and right now i just wanted to find the kitchen to get some food .
you are stretching yourself far too much ellie , you need to rest , and your emotions must be all over the place .
saturdays at my place , you could nt move for all the dark eldritch beings strewn over the floor .
something about a place to stay , if memory serves .
nobody cared if they were living next door to a dead man , provided he did nt stink the place up .
mikes place ... why my place ?
we 'd have had a bigger apartment ages ago if price had n't been a problem , but it was a very big problem to find a place big enough for all of us that we could afford .
if we were at his place , he 'd be looking out at the ocean or vanishing into the waves as i watched from the balcony .
` ` maybe you can come up to my place and look at my etchings . ''
i 'd have liked to have found a place of our own by now , but with nearly twenty men to house and feed i could n't afford it .
but i have a place of my own .
the place smelled of dust and fresh paint .
i figure he got too close to them , the tong sent somebody over to mess his place up .
because she had no place to go , logically , and panic was better than despair .
` ` shelly , my place never looks this good . ''
he would n't want to be the maid who finally got to clean the place up .
she had knelt before his image , carved in stone instead of silver , far from the loving embrace of her father and mother , far from the place she had once called home .
when he left her in the morning , he smelled of this place , her prison of silk and sunlight .
the place seemed to be a geometrically reconfigured 1960s bachelor pad , with open stone work , pile carpeting , and magnificently ugly mushroom - shaped stained - glass lampshades .
missy drove shadow back to her place , where , in the drive , he saw an elderly suv .
they lost the house - had a nice place down on daniels road .
we 'll go to my place .
` ` you did n't have a waterfall outside your place last time i was here , '' he said .
i did need something to eat , and it would help if we had a place to stay afterwards .
` ` tolliver , '' i said , ` ` we have to find a place to stay .
` ` then you have to find us a place to stay , '' he said .
it was a huge relief to have a place to stay , though if no one had supplied a bed , they would simply have had to let us leave town .
the hamiltons ' white frame house was a very ordinary little place that just happened to have been put down at the lakeside , with no concession made to setting or locale .
did you - all find a place to stay ? ''
he went over to the window to check on the bill while barney looked at me expectantly , waiting for me to tell him where we 'd found a place to stay - but i did n't .
` ` it made a big difference , having a place to stay . ''
when we parked at the top of the slope again , we noticed that the hamiltons ' place was silent and still except for the smoke rising from the chimney .
for the first time i was sure i was at pine landing lake , and the next cabin , the one with lights , was the hamiltons ' place .
maybe this was his aim - to escape to a place where he 'd be protected , safe to play his games of chess all night and day in peace .
then he leaned close and said , ` ` plan on dinner ... at my place tomorrow night .
huffing out a breath meant to make sure he caught her irritation , she said , ` ` i found your place .
i dropped keith off at his place before going on to amberwood , and he told me he 'd keep me updated .
` ` i need my own place , okay ?
if i got my own place , we 'd have to keep it secret from him . ''
and when i could n't get ahold of you , i figured i 'd have to drive over to your place anyway . ''
how hard is it for you to go get your own place ?
i can be at your place in less than ten minutes . ''
` ` we need to search his place for evidence .
` ` if you can get him his own place , i bet he 'd do it , '' i said finally .
a happy feeling welled up in me , and i almost smiled , picturing adrian 's face when he heard about his new place .
i think adrian would have agreed to anything to get his own place .
i ' ve never really , truly had my own place .
this place was bigger , much bigger , than he 'd imagined .
this place can be comfortable for you , drake , if you just settle in and help us to help you . ''
i could n't imagine the mind - boggling amounts spent on this place ... the fantastically ornate blown - glass floral ceiling for a start , which would have been beautiful if it had been two feet across , but at forty feet was so overwhelming it nearly whited out the mind .
the place smelled faintly stale ; they had n't let the maids in for days , maybe weeks .
` ` why does this place have so many bedrooms ? ''
some part of her had been absolutely certain that when they walked in they 'd find the place torn to pieces , and luke tied up , injured or worse .
` ` and we have the place to ourselves .
the place sounded as though christmas ornaments shattered all around us , such a delicate tinkling sound for something that could slice us to shreds .
those are all over the place in mexico since a lot of people see a computer as something you just need to use occasionally rather than a must - have amenity for the home .
we can hit twilight tonight , find a place to stay , and then drive back in the morning .
the entire place could ' ve fit into the posh suite we 'd rented at the hotel in monterrey , but i had lived in worse places that last year in foster care .
` ` that 's what she left at my place , okay ?
when we got to chuch 's place , eva took him to their bedroom and bustled around gathering medical supplies while jesse , chance , and i sat in the living room with min .
` ` we should find a place to stay .
the pipes groaned , and then the hot water gushed out , no warm - up period ... unusual for a place this old .
unfortunately , we had no place to stay for the night , unless we returned to the bed - and - breakfast , where somebody might try to kill us .
the place seemed secure , but i was glad we 'd taken care of the wards .
then i remembered the way the warlock had sent the undead thing to crawl around and around the house , breaking our wards at chuch 's place with its fetid blood .
i thought about that , remembering the crappy places i 'd lived over the years , and said at the same time as jesse , ` ` a train . ''
the place looked like a cyclone had hit it , though ; clothes everywhere and dirty dishes piled in the sink .
to me , farrell 's home hygiene suggested he did n't believe he had long to live , and thus , saw no point in keeping up the place .
i 'd handle it later , but it did n't seem wise to hang around farrell 's place longer than necessary .
sometimes i missed our place on harbour island .
` ` my mom never took me along to her monthly meetings at his place . ''
` ` more important , do you know the way to his place ? ''
it gave the place a ridiculously homey smell .
but it 'd be better if we go to your place .
it 's weird that i can remember what their old place looked like but not how long i ' ve been in laredo .
jesse drives to my place , but he does n't drop me off .
so i hang out at his place until it 's time for my shift , then i catch the bus as usual .
` ` i 'll be at your place in half an hour .
` ` i suspect we 'll be at his place more often , but i thought i 'd ask . ''
i ' m snuggled into bed , wearing the jammies i took to his place .
his new place had a fantastic view of the mountains instead of the crowded streets below .
after we 'd returned to find my store in ruins , tia let chance sleep on the couch while he sought a place of his own ; it took three weeks for him to locate a one - bedroom in the neighborhood .
i got a place to live ; she benefited from my help around the house and i could drive her around more easily .
that did n't seem fair to either of us when i would return to tia 's place at the end of the night .
pretty soon i had no money and i had no place to stay .
i had a place of my own and a job at a dry cleaner 's .
having a place of our own mattered desperately , and now maybe she 'd understand why .
in his new place , he had a nice kitchen with pretty white ceramic tile and pristine counters , so it was good he intended to make use of the space .
she left her phone at my place , but i did n't worry about it because we were supposed to meet for lunch today .
chuch and eva had helped her find a place while they rebuilt .
within , the place was a typical townhome with a front room , a hallway that had a half bath on one side and ended in a small kitchen .
` ` i love the new place , '' i said to eva .
he just needed a place to sleep for three days .
within minutes , i found a furnished apartment for five hundred bucks a month , and it made sense to get my own place , as it was hard to say when i would be up to the task of finishing what i 'd started .
` ` to be honest , i just need a place for a little while .
it looked like a crash pad for a desperate college kid whose roommate situation fell through at the last minute , but as the landlady had promised , the place was clean , albeit furnished in mid - century rummage sale .
the fixtures were dull and water - stained , and the whole place needed to be regrouted , but for five hundred bucks a month , it was the best i could hope for .
comforting that some things never changed ... that i had a place where somebody always welcomed me .
happy endings not surprisingly , chance had no keys , so i used the spare set i kept at tia 's place .
` ` the movers got everything into my new place , and most of it is still in boxes .
as she stood just inside the apartment , all she could think of was the last place her brother had stayed .
standing in the center of the apartment , her mind ran through the math : bowling - alley empty , forty - dollar sleeping bag for a bed , no phone ... but the place was wired for sound like it was a bank safe .
tonight , however , she was n't the reason he was sneaking into his own place : chances were damn good that with his name in the penal system , his address had been popped by xops , and that meant this location was no longer secure .
` ` you showed up a couple of times at his place .
left on her own , grier stepped inside isaac 's place and closed herself in , throwing the lock in the hopes that if the call did n't last long , that woman would assume it was a come - and - gone situation .
guess who was at your place . ''
we 'll go to my place . ''
my mother 's place .
makes me sick just to look at him , but joe , he says even jokers need a place to stay .
she gave us a place to live , warm and dry and out of sight . ''
we 're going back to your place , then we 're going to call up someone else and have a little party .
and if i could , i 'd stay in this place forever , just him and i .
` ` drop us off at your place , '' shark says .
they 'd found peace in paskinston , were getting on with life , grateful to have each other and a place to call home .
he did have a nice place - scrupulously clean - but she could see lucia was starting to wish she 'd crawled under the car to retrieve the gun .
and if i want to clean it , she thought , this place really must be filthy .
` ` finding a place to stay . ''
` ` i got them from your place . ''
yes , fine ... '' when she hung up , lucia said , ` ` you 're going over to his place . ''
plain white walls had plenty of damage to give the place that special designer touch .
` ` three detectives showed up at my place this morning , with friends in patrol cars , '' lucia said .
' i thought you owned your place , ' said magrat , as the broomsticks set off over the forest .
a couple of weeks with a broom and an axe and you 'll soon have the old place looking like new . '
he felt like a householder coming back unexpectedly and finding the old place full of strangers .
it made a place seem lived in .
` ` you kept the place quite nice , '' she said .
she 'd always expected to have a bit of time to herself , get the garden in order , have a good clean up around the place so that whatever witch took over would n't think she 'd been a sloven , pick out a decent burial plot , and then spend some time sitting out in the rocking chair , doing nothing at all except looking at the trees and thinking about the past .
` ` so this was at his place , then , was it ? ''
` ` my dad said , '' said weaver , ` ` that one day he was leading our old cow to market and it took ill and fell down in the lane near her cottage and he could n't get it to move and he went up to her place and he knocked on the door and she opened it and before he could open his mouth she said , ` ` yer cow 's ill , weaver '' ... just like that ... and then she said- '' ` ` was that the old brindled cow what your dad had ? ''
` ` at least you 'll be so good as to run up to my place and bring everything that 's in the bottom of the dresser . ''
sergeant colon thought they made the place look untidy .
some of the assassins , the ones from noble homes that had big floppy dogs around the place in the same way that lesser folk have rugs , had brought a few with them .
to keep the place tidy . '
there had certainly been some changes around the place since he had been there and , if it came to it , he did n't know how long ago that had been ...
it was amazing how many people spent their whole fives in places where they never intended to stay .
' this reminds me a lot of your ... um ... of your grandfather 's place , ' said the oh god .
there was a big silver one , and a fat red one , and a small grey one , and a flat one a bit like a plaice- ' obviously some sourcerer landed here and wanted to make the place more homely , ' the senior wrangler was saying , but he sounded far off .
the whole place must be floating on water .
his carefully worked out scheme to split the thaum , and thus provide end - less supplies of cheap clean magic , had been quite unfairly sat upon because it was felt that it might make the place untidy .
they generated an unconscious field which said that of course they should be there , but no one was to worry or fuss around tidying up the place on their account and just get on with what they were doing .
of course , he did have many of the qualities of a gentleman : he had a place in the country - a far , dark country - was unfailingly punctual , was courteous to all those he met - and sooner or later he met everyone - was well if soberly dressed , at home in any company and , proverbially , a good horseman .
' however , ' said lu - tze , stepping closer and lowering his voice , ' i 'll probably be around again soon , this place looks as though it could do with a good sweeping , and if i do n't find you boys pinsharp and prodding buttock inside a week you and i will have a ...
' and you keep this place like a new pin , there 's no doubt about it .
' what are you doing out of your place , organic ? '
the whole place was a rat trap .
' i found you some spare clothes at my place .
` ` all we need to do is go back to your place and wait . ''
it was worse because it was in her house , her place .
she lined these up neatly on the top of the chest of drawers , alongside her diary , but they did n't make the place look more homely .
' we 'll get the place nice and tidy . '
tidy the place up .
' i mean , he keeps the place tidy , he 's always very respectful ...
' just where will you get the money to have this place rebuilt ? '
this is it , the landlord thought , this is style , this is where i buy a red jacket and maybe put some monkey nuts and a few gherkins on the counter , get a few mirrors around the place , replace the sawdust .
' well , ' he ventured , looking around at the brocaded hangings , the ruby - studded pillars and the gold filigree cushions , ' you ' ve done this place up nicely .
she found herself wandering around the place looking for things to do and then forgetting them when they were half - complete .
' are there many like her back at your place ? '
he told me to find a place to stay and report to sgt colon at the watch house tonight .
and mrs palm says i can stay in the attic because , it is always useful to have a man around the place .
i ' ve felt you needing to have a place where the decisions are made for you , and choice is not yours , some place where you can let go and stop being the princess . ''
and addolgar , because he was afraid she would still leave this place in the middle of the night to turn herself over to the queen .
the place he swore he 'd never return to .
surprisingly , the beast 's lair felt more like a home than any place she 'd lived in since she was a child and sent to live with her father .
it was the place her aunt had chosen to live quietly and anonymously the last few centuries .
` ` is there no place you call home ? ''
so he found and dug out his own place in a hil no more than ten miles or so from the garbhan isle gates and was as happy as any dragon could be .
` ` to get us a place to sleep and some food .
` ` dagmar , we need to find some place for these people to stay .
i was certain he 'd gotten lost and would have to turn around to get back to the tourist district to find a place to stay for the night , but he turned into the cobblestone driveway of the last oceanfront cottage instead .
i needed to get out of this place whose brilliant walls were insulated with evil .
she can stay at one of your brother 's places until i can find a place for her to be transferred to .
leave it to him to bristle at the fact we were heading towards the place of a man i knew .
` ` it 's more like a family place , '' i said , skirting around the truth .
home , the place i never thought i 'd see again , but would it still be home without william ?
after party at our place ?
there s our place .
` ` get back to your place ! ''
god , the only difference between this place and the office downtown was the fact that there was a king - size bed upstairs .
` ` we have to go to your place to do it . ''
do dinner at your place - i do n't have any pans . ''
the master bedroom took up one whole half of the second story , although that sounded more impressive than the reality , because the total square footage of the place was n't more than twenty - one hundred , maybe twenty - two .
sooner or later , they were going to have to find a place to crash for the night : unless they were welcomed up in nigel 's territory - and it looked like that was n't happening anytime soon - they needed to rest .
jim 's old place was not all that old and not his , either .
matthias was no longer in the picture , jim had returned to caldwell , and he and adrian needed a secure place to stay .
it was the last night we had the place , and i was the last person to go home , so i was alone .
when they got to reilly 's place , he pulled in behind her and dismounted as she eased into the garage , the bright reds of her brake lights flaring and then disappearing as she cut the ignition .
` ` i 'll take eve back to her place to change , '' a deep voice intruded .
she 'd just assumed he had a place to live and chose to haunt her corner for the hell of it .
` ` there 's a lot of foot traffic around my place .
` ` give me directions to your place .
` ` what a lovely place you have . ''
` ` i checked on them on the way back from my place .
depressed by the prospect of returning to her empty condo , eve briefly considered heading to her parents ' place but did n't think she could deal with her mother at the moment .
` ` your place has a great view . ''
why does n't he go mess up his place ? ''
` ` i love what you ' ve done with the place , '' linda said when they entered the house .
* * * arriving at my uncle 's place is such a hectic occasion .
their place was situated right before the pacific coast highway climbed up to loftier heights and it was at this junction that the pacific ocean hurled giant platforms of mist and fog toward the coast , trapping them on either side of the property .
but the idea of having a bonfire with a bunch of young guys did sound more exciting to me than the night that usually unfolded at my uncle 's place : trying to play scrabble with the family without someone ( usually me or my dad ) flipping the board over in anger .
` ` but once you are out that window , run all the way back to your uncle 's place .
we do n't really have a budget , though , so i would appreciate it if you could stay at your uncle 's place .
we have two hours before we hit your uncle 's place .
needless to say , i was relieved when we finally saw the ocean and headed down toward rocky point and al 's place .
for the second time in a week , i felt like uncle al 's place was the most wonderful sight on earth .
i felt horribly guilty for packing up and leaving this place without accomplishing a single thing .
haunted by old roddy or cursed by some demon , i knew there was something in that place that so desperately wanted me .
` ` now , perry , i hope this new advancement in your position means you 'll think more seriously about getting your own place and moving out . ''
i looked around the room , at the expansive library of books and the hominess of the place and decided that whatever happened between him and his ex - wife ( which i was not supposed to mention ) left him pretty well off .
she explained to me , ` ` we have to keep harvey in the bathroom when we 're gone or else he runs around and tears up the place . ''
i did n't want to get up for a glass of water ; the black room was a bit creepy , and it was always weird being in someone else 's place in the middle of the night , but if i did n't , i 'd never go back to sleep .
` ` you probably would n't have to contend with your ex - girlfriend haunting your place . ''
we were sitting on the braided rug in his living room , a place that smelled like a mix of manure , sour milk and home baked bread .
her cries had stopped but the snarls of the monsters carried on and followed me until i was coming out of the woods just outside of stava 's place .
the next day i moved out of the boarding house and settled into a place that would become my home for the next five years .
anne 's apartment was on the top floor of a white - washed building which was a real drag when you came home from shows absolutely exhausted but it was a place i loved to pieces .
our place was small as all hell , with sad , peeling blue walls that looked silly against the relatively fancy furniture that we salvaged after dad left .
the den was always my office , my sanctuary , the place that belonged to me - my man cave , if you will .
* * * originally , emily and rebecca thought they 'd just show up at my place ( i 'd given my extra key to rebecca now that jenn was out of the picture ) and drag me out to a holiday party .
because did she consider that her home or did she mean her home , her parents ' place in portland ?
maryse 's place was fairly large for being one - level , though it suffered from the same amount of controlled chaos and clutter as the porch did .
` ` well , i 'll go back to my place and get some stuff together .
we had to get out to her place .
it was my place too now , and it felt like it , but it was n't like i 'd always harbored dreams of redoing dex 's place .
it was my place too now , and it felt like it , but it was n't like i 'd always harbored dreams of redoing dex 's place .
we lock this place up at night and i do n't feel like entrusting the keys to you .
someone 's to go up to my place and get willikins to bring me my street uniform .
' okay , i want everyone , i mean everyone , who was in this place overnight rounded up and down in the hall in two minutes .
he brought me to the place he lived the following night , a snug chamber buried in the ruins of an old mountain fortress .
after all , in the tradition of surly teens everywhere , we 'd taken the opportunity to throw loud parties and trash the place while she 'd been out .
` ` you have no other place to go . ''
brandon 's grandparents were dining out with another couple , so we 'd have the place to ourselves .
` ` it would be cool to have our own place someday , '' he said suddenly .
` ` meanwhile , we should find a place to stay that 's far from innocent bystanders , and be prepared for another attack .
bad bob had n't been gone long enough for his imprint to completely fade from this place ; i swore i smelled the ghost of his cigar smoke , before the more powerful odor of musty carpeting and furniture took over .
i shuddered to think what the place would cost to maintain , much less buy .
` ` need a place to stay , '' david said .
i was sure that ( entirely coincidentally ) matthew also wanted money and maybe a place to stay .
they 'd stay in some place more palatial if they were lingering in the area , i was sure .
while he was at my place , drex called on his cell to say that he was all alone in the house with mariah , and something had gone wrong .
` ` hollis said she got a phone call after we 'd left her place that morning .
i 'd just been trying to tell myself i could live in as nice a place as the morgensterns and not feel strange and out of place .
fred hart 's place had been new maybe twenty - five years ago .
` ` mind if we go to my place ? ''
the place looked dead normal , down here in the real world , but when i blinked and shifted into oversight the real story came out .
patrick 's apartment place was empty .
listen , i need you to get miriam and the power rangers over to her place .
jonathan 's place was still relatively spark - free , at least so far .
the body odor alone made me think of places without running water or inside plumbing .
it was hard to see through the swirling , choking mass of coldlight that was being pulled toward me but i could see the place needed about a hundred new windows .
i can feel the muscles in my face relaxing , my pace quickening as i climb the hills to our place , a rock ledge overlooking a valley .
i went to our place , gale 's and mine , where we had shared breakfast the morning of the reaping that sent me into the games .
it 's a place i ' ve never really wanted to share with anyone , though , a place that belonged only to my father and me .
for a moment i have an image of a lone stranger , sometime far in the future , wandering lost in the wilderness and coming upon this small place of refuge , with the pile of split logs , the hearth , the poker .
after i take a shower , and johanna sort of wipes herself down with a damp cloth , she makes a cursory inspection of the place .
they 'll assign us a new place to live , '' puffs the man .
but you fly out of here and three weeks later she decides that all is forgiven , she 's going to come around tearing up my place . ''
this was n't a place to live , it was a construction site .
he did n't have any place else to sleep , and she 'd brought him clothes , so the fight they 'd been having when he left was probably forgotten .
it only meant doing the things that needed to be done : leave elena , find a new place for himself , a new van to work with , some other way of being himself .
he tried to imagine what he would say to her , how he would explain that the beaten - up , penniless prospector without a van or even a place to sleep was someone who had worth .
i checked the scrap of paper in my lap , studied curbside house numbers , and finally pulled the car to a stop in front of a nice colonial - style home , the kind of place a realtor would describe as a ` ` nice starter . ''
why was there a car parked in his place on the driveway ?
during the summer of 1941 , the year he 'd turned eighteen , he 'd been riding his thumb from derry to his uncle 's place in poughkeepsie , new york , a distance of about four hundred miles .
` ` i ' ve been living in the same place for thirty - five years , and i do n't need to turn on the lights to find my way around .
` ` when i was seventeen , '' she said , ` ` my mother hired this boy from down the road - richard henderson , his name was - to do chores around our place .
he has other places to go and other things to do , of course - veri dai , is undoubtedly a buy day when you 're a supernatural psycho like ( ' him - but it must be hard for him to stay away from this place for long , no matter how busy he is .
in the late fall of 1994 she had used most of this money to build a house on harris avenue , just three doors up from her old place and right across from harriet bennigan 's .
` ` you have some place to be ? ''
i might have come to accept being queen of the thorn land , and it was hard not to grow attached to a place you had a spiritual connection to .
at night , he and i were always together , either at my place or his .
jasmine 's cell was easy to spot because six guards stood outside it - again , reminiscent of her earlier conditions at my place .
i ' ve got ... some things ... to take care of right now , but later , if you need something , a place to sleep or something -- '' ` ` i can take care of myself . ''
do n't you ladies have places you 're supposed to be ? ''
` ` if you 'd like to come to my place after , though , we could have a couple drinks and horse around .
some idiot with flame throwing powers tried to light the place up but only succeeded in setting the curtains on fire .
` ` i ' m going back to his place , '' cordelia said .
they 'd been tailing her for several minutes , since she left fortunato 's place in a cab .
only your favorite foods will be offered , all the places you stay will be the colors you choose - that 's why you filled out that stack of forms when you won . ''
he 'd dreamed then of being rich enough to one day walk down those streets without decent women crossing the road to avoid him , or nervous housekeepers eyeballing him from the windows , afraid he was casing their places for a hit .
come to think of it , she was glad to have some alone time to adjust to the new place .
a little later frodo came out of the study to see how things were going on and found her still about the place , investigating nooks and corners and tapping the floors .
it is said that when the eorlingas came out of the north and passed at length up the snowbourn , seeking strong places of refuge in time of need , brego and his son baldor climbed the stair of the hold and so came before the door .
in the blink of an eye , mel had gone from embarrassment at the obscene fortune and estate the siblings had inherited , to being thankful barr had a comfortable place to recuperate , and no need to work when he had .
you have no idea what a shock it was to come downstairs that morning and find the place heaving with those nasty little creatures , like a sea of mud they were , swarming up the walls and poking their long bony fingers into everything and staring at me with those little red eyes .
he knew where he was going ; he was n't sure why , but he wanted to see his old place once again .
they used to run the spy network back at domdaniel 's place in the badlands .
and of course this damn cabinet is playing havoc with the place again .
' i expect it 's very hard for you , reverend , finding a place to stay , ' ms houser said .
after spending years in a contract - serving a master 's whims , often for decades at a time - a place that offered the option of solitude was quite precious .
to marsh , the mansion was a place of pristine whiteness and bright blobs of expensive color .
the kandra elders had given him a place to stay , and it was surprisingly lush for a cave .
he landed in the courtyard , staring up at his home - the place he had been raised - trying to make sense of the destruction .
a place that had n't been his home for twenty years .
cett mansion was a grand place , full of expensive woods , soft carpets , and sparkling chandeliers .
the room had been mostly cleared of guests , the wedding party itself taken in lord yomen 's carriage to a place where they could recover from the ordeal .
` ` this place is ready to come back to life , sholto , but if we use laughter and joy and sex to make it happen , then it will be a different place than it was before .
` ` i want to go to my place . ''
` ` he does n't even like the idea of you having your own place . ''
outside her place , there were movie theaters , restaurants , and cafes .
` ` at her place . ''
` ` i have my own place away from here . ''
` ` what if i did n't have a place to go ?
` ` if you did n't have a place to go , you would be secluded in one of the isolation cells .
he 's not staying at my place . ''
the place could fit a family of eight easily .
` ` we 'll find our own place soon .
i drove past the maddoxes ' frozen pond and toward his place .
when the time comes for cleaning the place up we 'll save one or two for you , and you can keep them as pets or vivisect them or sleep with them or all three - whichever way it takes you ... .
* * * the ride back to my place was warp speed compared to the ride to the ball .
it was strange to be filled with homesickness for places where his sojourn had been so brief and which were , by any objective standard , so alien to all our race .
scratched hardwood floors with threadbare rugs ran in a mismatched scattering all over the place .
the patrician is barricaded in his bedroom on account of the furniture in the palace is zooming around the place like you would n't believe , the cooks wo n't even go back in the kitchen on account of what 's happening in there ... '' the wizards tried not to look at the spear 's head .
` ` and i thought , what life expects me to do now is moon around the place in the wedding dress for years and go completely doodly .
` ` it 's been quite nice having you around the place , bill door . ''
` ` i must admit it 'd be a relief to have a dog around the place , '' said mrs . cake .
` ` i ' m sorry , but i ' m in the city all by myself , i do n't know anyone , and i need a place to stay .
they had no responsibilities , no need to work - not in this country , anyhow - all food was provided for them , plus a place to sleep , and they did n't even have to worry about heaven or hell when the ride was over .
it 's what i want for my new place , that 's why i ' m excited , she thought .
her own place , not just one camp - bed among many .
her own place , and her own picture to hang on the wall .
she felt she could look at it for hours on end , and when she had her new place , she would probably do just that .
it 's for my new place , when i get it .
i ca n't very well give you your old place back , can i ?
only one came through with any sort of clarity : the changes in her life had not ended with finding a job and a place of her own to live ; they had only begun .
she had friends , a place to live , a job , and the promise of more work when she had finished with christina bell .
her room , the place she had counted on to be her refuge , seemed very distant to her now .
he wanted her at her place , and norman thought he was probably going to get what he wanted .
she taught self - defense skills ( not because they saved lives but because they salvaged dignity ) ; she helped anna plan fundraisers like this one ; she worked with anna 's frail and elderly accountant to keep the place on something which resembled a paying basis .
i know what you 're thinking , but you 're nuts if you go anywhere near their place on durham avenue .
mostly it was , but every now and then some woman would decide she really needed some piece of her documentation , that she really needed to use anna 's photocopier ( which warmed up faster than the one downstairs in the rec room ) , that she really needed a stamp , and so this disrespectful person would come in , she 'd track through a place that was n't hers , maybe look at things that were n't hers to look at , junk up the air with the smell of some cheap drugstore perfume ... anna paused with one hand on the study doorknob , looking into the dark room which had been a pantry when she was a little girl .
` ` there 's already a black - and - white outside your place on trenton street , rosie . ''
come out to my place .
had anka been free long enough to have her own place ?
is she going with aquarius on holiday or staying at aquariuss place ?
the queen would not have pursued him , for she knows that for a sidhe to leave the unseelie court is to have no place to go .
on the way home , i swung by my mom 's place , wanting to talk to roland .
i now stood in a kitchen , a very rustic one compared to my own , but completely on par with what i 'd seen at dorian 's place .
i loved everything else about this place , but next time , i 'd make sure my house had at least as many bathrooms as occupants .
` ` you might want to find another place to stay , '' i said seriously .
if i was going to keep seeing dorian , i would need to leave an anchor at his place to facilitate crossings .
i saw him once more that week , this time at his place .
i need this place intact .
did you really stake out his place and wait for me ? ''
i 'll take you back to my place .
bastien had left me a cell phone message saying he 'd stop by my place later , and i had a feeling he 'd distract me for most of the evening .
` ` my god , '' i exclaimed once we were safely back at his place , ` ` that was annoying . ''
you want to come over to my place ? ''
seth and i met up back at my place , and he listened with admirable patience while i vented about men preying on women .
seth and i went back to his place this time .
unlike my place in queen anne , car traffic here dropped off at night , so i heard only the sound of breathing and electrical humming .
we 're at your place . ''
bastien was in the city for some reason or another that night , so he picked me up later and drove me over to his place for the ridiculous heist at dana 's .
when we got back to my place , he did n't give me the chance to limp in .
seth picked me up at my place and again could only stare in wonder at my appearance .
asked bastien when jody and dana dropped me off at his place later on .
i dropped him off at his place , and he invited me inside to eat rocky road ice cream .
it made the place warm and cozy , not sterile and sharp as dana 's had been .
you had to take a flight of stairs down to get to the cellar , and i always had the feeling the place would n't survive the northwest 's next big earthquake .
unlike bastien 's place , this house had no similarly well - to - do neighbors .
and what i said to seth at your place ... that was unforgivable .
he 's staying with his brother but plans on finding his own place soon . ''
` ` are there places to live around here ? ''
cody related how , not long after leaving my place , he 'd kept hearing footsteps following him and peter on the street .
` ` i like this new place . ''
` ` i 'll stop by your place after the game , though . ''
` ` i 'll be at your place at seven . ''
she holds this place together , and i trust her judgment implicitly - including the hiring of your former employees .
it 's still at my place .
this thing trashed his place and left warnings - even if they 're obsolete charms or whatever .
carter did agree to teleport us back , though i suspected it was more of a kind gesture to make sure cody and i could never find jerome 's place again .
wistfully , i drove past seth 's exit and instead set my sights on the one that would take me to peter 's place .
` ` peter , until a minute ago , i did n't even remember i was supposed to be at your place .
back at my place , my cats aubrey and godiva were happy to see me .
i 'd wanted to wait until seth and i were alone at his place , but my face must have betrayed my feelings .
i moved here a week ago , and our employer was kind enough to put me up here while i look for a place of my own . ''
` ` and , '' i teased , ` ` bastien does n't even really need to find his own place .
he could go out tonight , smile at the right people , and have a dozen rich women more than happy to give him a place to stay . ''
when we broke away , both breathless , i just barely managed to say , ` ` meet you at my place . ''
but once we reached my place , pulling into the lot at almost the same moment , that was it .
i stayed at seth 's place that night , in spite of my earlier plans to talk to roman about what kayla had told me .
you can have your own place .
` ` i ca n't afford to keep my place in chicago and pay rent somewhere here , though , '' she said sadly .
` ` let 's go to my place , '' said peter .
` ` why do n't you come over to our place and have your heart - to - heart there , '' said peter .
i 'd moved into this place back in july and had been long overdue for a housewarming party .
when seth and i were first getting to know each other , i 'd crashed at his place after too much to drink .
` ` i got locked out of my place and have to wait for my friend to show up with a spare set of keys .
it was one he 'd given me to wear a long time ago , the night i 'd passed out at his place from too much alcohol .
when people disappeared , i immediately jumped to supernatural conclusions , but maddie then added - through more tears - that she used her key to get her belongings from seth 's place and found a suitcase and some clothing missing .
` ` from now on , it 's the only place you 'll ever be . ''
she was going to tell him how wretched he 'd been making her feel lately and , if all went well , they 'd sort through it and end up back at his place .
but she was n't in the headspace to invite a total stranger back to her place , no matter how hot he was .
why do n't you head to your place , and i 'll meet you there in thirty minutes or so . ''
you have n't left this place in years .
logic warned her that only a fool would climb inside and follow a virtual stranger to his place .
` ` if you were so damn worried that someone could find your place , maybe you should have at least listened to my father instead of being confrontational and rude .
` ` teleported away , likely back to his own place , '' bram assured .
` ` the anarki coming to your place had nothing to do with me calling my father , since they already knew how to find you .
as soon as she opened the door to the dark flat , olivia sensed that her place had been disturbed since she and marrok had stopped by two days ago to pick up her red dress .
we 're almost to my place . ''
` ` there 's good grub back at our place . ''
i wanted him to tell me about distant places he 'd visited .
indeed she was a sprite that , escaping from lorien 's gardens before even kor was built , wandered in the wild places of the world and in every lonely wood .
now despite the wisdom of their wisest such bitter words confused their counsels and delayed them , and there were no few of the stout - hearted that found hope in them , being sad at the thought of abandoning those places where they had begun to make an abiding place of peace and goodliness ; but turin begged orodreth for a sword , and he had not wielded a sword since the slaying of beleg , but rather had he been contented with a mighty club .
then after a time some questioned him concerning mavwin and urin and after happenings , and he said : ' now of mavwin hath no sure record been preserved like unto the tale of turin turambar her son , and many things are said and some of them differ from one another ; but this much can i tell to ye , that after those dread deeds the woodfolk had no heart for their abiding place and departed to other valleys of the wood , and yet did a few linger sadly nigh their old homes ; and once came an aged dame wandering through the woods , and she chanced upon that carven rock .
often obbo had little jobs to offer terri , like hiding the computers , or giving strangers a place to stay for a night , or agreeing to perform services of which krystal did not know the nature , but which took her mother out of the house for hours .
if she got knocked up by fats wall , she would be able to get her own place from the council .
i could drive libby and harriet up together this afternoon , we 'd meet up with the others outside the stadium and we could all stay overnight at my sister 's place .
a desperate plan formed as she walked , hot and tired : if she could find a place to stay that cost less than fifty pounds ... all she wanted was to be alone and ply her razor blade .
i 'll get a job , find a place to live . ''
a lot of people thought i 'd lost my mind , just packing up , coming here without a serious plan , without a ready job or a place to stay . ''
` ` i hope they think so , since they 're giving me a place to live .
i came to meet branna and connor , and to find a place , to find work .
you say you found a place , to live you mean ?
if she could cook , she 'd invite herself to his place to make him dinner .
you ' ve no place to keep alastar here , so he 's with boyle and me .
not exactly the circumstances she 'd imagined for her first invitation into his place , but she 'd take it .
or i could go with you now , and we can leave from your place whenever you 're ready . ''
they both had obligations that evening - his paperwork , her spell casting - but she hoped to talk him into a ride after work the next day , maybe a casual dinner out , then a cozy night in , at his place .
and i ' ve got a home , a place i belong .
` ` but bring it over to my place in about an hour . ''
happy to have the place to herself while her mom ran errands , she followed the recipe to the letter .
in spite of the dangers of this far land bold men had of late been making their way back into it from the south , cutting down trees , and building themselves places to live in among the more pleasant woods in the valleys and along the river - shores .
` ` do n't call my place a nasty hole !
surrounding that photo were portraits of him and various friends at different ages , and landscapes of other places he 'd lived .
' my sister 's got hundreds of evening dresses and she spends all her time at our place in the country , '' said william .
the smell was a little strange - a combination of unwashed towels and old fried fish , with a little stale cat litter thrown in - and as i blinked to adjust my eyes i saw that the place must have been bought fully furnished .
of course , there was no way i was letting her out of this place , not when she was clearly willing to spread her legs for anyone who might help fulfill our deranged father 's grand plans .
maybe there was something to be unearthed at her place .
i lifted and moved things as best i could , hoping the place would n't look ransacked .
this place could n't be cheap , and it seemed a shame she 'd let her pack - rat habits get the best of it .
abigail seemed to handle the day - to - day affairs of taking care of the girls , and it occurred to me one day that those handcuffs at her place had n't been part of anything kinky .
my mom had called him to tell him i was okay when i 'd first come to her place , but between my recovery week and the week at art 's with no contact , tim had done a fair amount of freaking out .
` ` it would be psyche , grandfather , '' said i. new - born children were no rarity in the palace ; the place sprawled with the slaves ' babies and my father 's bastards .
when gregor opened the door to his apartment , he could n't believe how small and cramped the place looked .
the whole place vibrated with life that they could n't see .
` ` wow , is this whole place yours ? ''
and pex is in a purpose - built room , not strung haphazardly all over the place .
' everyone should have a place to call their own . '
the room did n't look lived m. like so many places he stayed , it was n't home .
this place was n't his home .
perhaps talmanes and some of the band could move in with him and keep the place from feeling so empty .
pulled me out of the alley , dragged me to his place and ... well , it was n't any good . ''
i got my own place and the rest is history . ''
he 's not back at his place and no one 's seen him here either . ''
or we could go back to your place . ''
` ` but why is it at my place ?
` ` seems like forever , but sometime after high school , after you moved out and got your own place . ''
the only place left was lori 's apartment .
and no place to live .
` ` look , lewis needed a place to stay for the night .
` ` it was full of people that night , bethlehem , and we could n't find a place to stay - it was cleopas and joseph and james and i , and - the innkeeper put us in the stable .
i 'd offer you a place to sleep here , but you see , we have people everywhere .
` ` and he can write to the kindred we do n't know far and wide and he can find a place for avigail to lodge .
i 'll find a place for her .
no , marchent , s lawyers didn , t care if he visited the place ; indeed the handyman needed to see him , and the sooner he could take over having some repairs made the better .
the place looked so clean , polished floorboards gleaming on either side of the old oriental carpet .
reuben had loved revealing the place room by room to laura , and she had fallen in love with the master bedroom , as he , d hoped .
lorraine made excuses for me when they came over the bridge to see me and i was dead drunk in the guest room at her place .
when she tried to lay anything on me , i could up and go back to my place and not answer the phone ! ''
felix had picked these furnishings , but assured phil that he must make the place his own and replace or remove anything that was n't to his liking .
i did as she asked , trying not to feel awkward being in this place , but i simply could n't help gawk at its opulence .
i could honestly say that under different circumstances , i 'd die of happiness if this place were my home .
there was n't a place big enough on earth to hold the amount of heartache i felt .
so she hung out at my place most nights watching tv cops strut around saying things like , ` ` this time it 's personal , '' and ` ` i 'll have your badge for that ! ''
` ` would you guys mind meeting at my place ? ''
gardner handled calling us attorney stone about securing a warrant for dionysus 's place .
` ` anyone else thinking this place is a little too messy ? ''
the last thing i wanted to do was walk into her place with the weight of the day hanging around my shoulders .
silently , i entered the house , trying to focus on the here instead of the dark , double image that showed a place far different than this one .
` ` want to meet at my place and grab dinner before we head over ? ''
he did n't need a bunch of ` ` kids '' messing up his place .
i needed to find a new place to live , preferably somewhere without roommates .
i did n't want to do it too close to her place .
now even if the opportunity arose , i could n't ask casey to go back to my place .
` ` are you having her place watched ? ''
it 's down the block from my place . ''
` ` my place kind of came with the job . ''
and if you 'd feel safer , you 're always welcome to stay at my place . ''
` ` i ' m not staying over at your place . ''
i ' m going back to toby 's place .
our unofficial rule from first semester was that you always text to say you were going to a guy 's place .
drinking a bottle of wine with a guy at his place would only lead to one thing , but my body said something altogether different .
after dropping allie off at their ridiculously huge house , i ran by my place to get owen .
` ` well , you can stay at my place anytime . ''
i needed time to think , and i was n't going to get that at his place .
i 'll run to the store and meet you at your place . ''
she claimed it was the much more comfortable bed , but i sensed she also liked being at my place .
we walked back to her cousin 's place quietly .
i wanted to grill tim about any updates on casey 's place , but i was n't doing that in front of jared .
toby does n't like to make it obvious he has someone watching his place . ''
` ` yet you ' ve been staying at his place ... '' ` ` in the guest room . ''
i thought about it the first time i stayed over at your place . ''
` ` to your place , or mine ? ''
i ' m moving out to my own place soon though . ''
we had memories at his place .
toby 's place was usually neater .
i needed a place to stay . ''
i decided not to mention that i did n't have the money to move , let alone pay the rent on a better place .
well , if you want to come back and hang out at my place ... '' she did n't hesitate with her answer .
we had to go by my place just to find a tank top .
the place was even more of a mansion than it looked on the outside .
georgina had furnished the place for casey , so it was really just clothes and some personal mementos that needed to be put away .
` ` she got her own place . ''
let 's run by your place so you can get clothes before we pay a visit to eric . ''
instead i slipped a letter into the mail slot and took a slow walk back to my place .
or at least the place that would be mine for another few hours .
i wanted her to say yes , to follow me back to my place so we could finish what we 'd started , but another part of me wanted her to say no .
` ` this place is way nicer than it looked from the outside . ''
she 'll go to our place . ''
` ` we can slip out right after dark and hide out at your place , like we 're doing here , but it 'd be safer - just until daylight . ''
we ' ve been clearing the road between here and our place for our friend .
but this place had been ours for the weekend , and it was cozy and quiet and romantic .
` ` i have places to be , '' i snapped .
i did n't add that that room would technically have to be the bathroom since there was only one bedroom in the place .
the last guy she 'd dated - she counted it as dating , since they 'd gone to dinner a few times before screwing back at his place , her skirt hitched up , underwear pulled down to her knees , both of them pretending it was spontaneity rather than laziness - had turned to her once and said , ` ` do you ever laugh ? ''
i 'll tell you the nicest thing my dad ever did for me : croaked before he could drain away all his cash and left me a bundle to buy a place of my own .
this had been her place , the only spot in the house that had really belonged to her .
we drove back to my place , and we polished off the whole damn watermelon and a bottle of glenlivet he picked up on the way .
everyone agreed she was in no state to drive ; there was talk of getting her a place to stay the night , until a relative could come and get her .
i asked the manager if she still lives here , but he said he d heard she had a place in new york .
she thought it was a dear little place , in a we just got married and this is all we can afford for now sort of way , and a fresh coat of paint would perk it up to no end .
i have a lovely roommate and a very nice place to live .
he d told her to pick a place near the naval base and he d spend his leave with her .
you do nt want to see my place .
it was nt often that she had the place to herself .
while he 's gone is a perfect time for ya 'll to go out to his place and get rid of all those niggers he has out there workin ' for him .
hell , i guess he do n't know that we ai n't got no place to go , myles said pouring himself another drink .
i figured he 'd be in a hurry to get down to your place and get them cows .
you know damned well that my only crime is shootin ' them hired guns that you sent out to my place that beat one of my workers , burned the other and just flat out shot another , walter said with hatred in his voice .
now , walter , you know that nobody came on to your place and did anything .
and after tonight , you wo nt have a place to live or a pot to piss in .
on these occasions , i shall of course escort you to visit dean , either here or at his abode , when he has found some place more suitable to entertain young ladies of your stature .
even though they learned the language in only a few short weeks , they had to prove to the villagers they could work hard and would work hard in order to have a dry place to stay , even if this dry place was only a loft over the sheep or cows .
they took odd jobs to get money for a place of their own .
tis not good for you to hide yourself away at your place and work yourself to death every day of your life .
can i at least tell andries to come by your place and you can look over the merchandise for yourself ?
really the whole house was happy , even the places associated with lady margaret .
julias street seemed darker than usual to him this night ; few lights shown in the houses and apartment buildings along the street as he made his way to her place .
then late one night when she was listening to the sounds in her bed , he tiptoed in and said , the sounds you are hearing are the souls of bad people rushing around , trying to find a place to sleep , maybe even with you , causing her to cry even louder , much to his delight .
you ve been gone a long time , and there is a lot to do to get this place back in shape .
since you just came from the clouds , you probably do nt have a place to stay , do you ?
take this young man and find him a place to stay in the barn until i get back .
muck out a stall , and find yourself a place to sleep , like these scoundrels did , the schoolmaster told the latest discard .
i was stranded and alone , with no money and no place to stay .
what i do mind is the fact that we do n't seem to have a place to stay tonight .
i suspect we do n't have a place to stay tomorrow night , either , let alone next week , next month , or next year . ''
` ` i guess we 'd better find a place to stay for the night . ''
she stopped , of course lord gareth was a client she would n't have minded servicing herself and , upon hearing that the wild one had just gotten married and that he and his family were in need of a place to stay for the night , she immediately offered them a room at her place .
she stopped , of course lord gareth was a client she would n't have minded servicing herself and , upon hearing that the wild one had just gotten married and that he and his family were in need of a place to stay for the night , she immediately offered them a room at her place .
however , we are in need of a place to stay tonight , and you are being most generous ` ` ` ` there 's no need to apologize , my dear , i understand perfectly , '' lavinia said , patting juliet 's arm .
she was going to have to be the one to make major decisions , locate a place for them to live , and , in all likelihood , find work so that they could survive .
` ` so it did , but it 's not going to feed us or find us a place to live ! ''
it wo n't find us a place to stay tomorrow , put food in our bellies , or keep us free from want . ''
but he 'd probably managed to get them thrown out of the only place they had to stay for the night .
` ` yes , we need to find a place to stay for the night . ''
and we needed the money so we could have a place to live , food in our bellies . ''
the curtains needed washing , the floors wanted sweeping , and the place had a general unkempt look about it .
in return , she would always have a place to live .
` ` i ' m going home , and your place is with me . ''
sarah offered the beaumont house as shelter for any who needed it , and within hours , the place was filled with the laughter of children as they ran through the hallways .
but the only knock that sounded at the grand oak door came from more poor folks looking for food and a place to stay for the night .
we had a bad storm a few days back and lots of folks were left without a place to live .
old bob also knew that the dry goods store in isobel county was up for sale , he knew glen and ira , everyone knew about ira and sherry , so bob presumed that glen was selling up , and may need a place to stay and invest in .
but then , too , there was her mothersophia , by jennys account , had chafed at being dependent on her father for a place to live , and had been anxious to leave rutherford hall for her own establishment in bath or london .
likely enough i ve simply mislaid it somewhere about my own place .
this place is twice the size of my apartment , she said , peering around in the dim light .
there was no place for her to go , none to sleep at , ) may kaibigan din ako , two weeks pa lang sa employer , pinagmalupitan na .
just wait for us at your place . )
i heard them talking about their plans to find a place of the old ones .
as dysri promised , the tribe had taken her in , offering a place to spend the snowseason , or longer if she needed it .
unlike soldiers from the villages , they were loyal even in misfortune , because they literally had no place to return to .
he 's providing jadar a place to stay , or at least to hide while he licks his wounds .
and now i wonder if we 'll ever have a place just for ourselves . ''
you can stay at joan 's place till we 're ready to go . ''
just give me some time to build this place up and when i do that , ill sell it and we can move back to texas if that s what you want to do , but you ve got to give me some time .
i ca nt do it overnight , i ca nt do it without you and i ca nt go back to texas without havin enough money to buy my own place .
that s right , they re lookin for some good secluded spots and we was thinkin that maybe you would let em set up a couple on your place , thurston added .
i do nt mean work for my daddy , but havin a place of my own with a few cows and horses .
because , if you re not gon na do this for me , i m goin back to my place and tellin them sons of bitchin moonshiners to get off my property and that ll hit you where it hurts , right in your pocket !
he wants to rent a bigger place and start a family , saints be willing . ''
but if you must know mick here is movin ' and needs a place to keep them for a couple weeks .
` ` you have n't seemed to have any problem finding places to stay lately .
first off , charlie and i have talked about it and we want you staying with the comptons until you find a place closer to the factory in burbank . ''
maybe hold it at my ranch out in the valley or even over at my friend bill 's place .
balfour had recently come to los angeles , a young man , alone , seeking work and a place to start a family .
mac offered to take them into his place and give them something to eat until the cops arrived and a more thorough search could be done .
he was introduced to mac and angelina and shown into the house as paula explained the sequence of events to her coming home and finding the place had been broken into .
he spoke , maybe i better go back to my place and let you and the officer talk things over .
she is the glue that holds this place together .
we can always invite them over to our place though , ca nt we ?
lee and neil enthusiastically accepted an invitation to dinner at their place next saturday .
angelina and i are gon na use that money and the fire insurance to buy us a bigger and better place .
so this is your room , neil said slowly as he walked in surveying the place , as if placing her on trial .
ill be back at school soon or ill come by your place .
with the multiple cleaning agents they used and the blossoms everywhere , the house was beginning to look and smell like the girls owned the place .
what have you guys done to this place ?
they want their own place , same as i did .
we 're fortunate in that we may have a place to go , and a comfortable one at that .
like her , harriet surmised , rupert felt adrift , a stranger in a place where he should ' ve been at home .
she needed to move on , find her own place .
during that time , henry had offered ian a place to stay at his parents ' house .
i ' ve found a place .
i would not have believed it possible in a place as spacious as pemberley , but all the morning , the entire place seemed to echo with my aunts screams .
i would not have believed it possible in a place as spacious as pemberley , but all the morning , the entire place seemed to echo with my aunts screams .
there 's no way he 'd tolerate renting a place to an unmarried mother .
evie had tried to make their place look a bit more respectable by putting pansies in pots on the tiny balcony ; but it was a futile attempt to make a silk purse out of a sows ear .
if she was going to be staying at his place more often , what would it matter who she took on as a flatmate ?
she could pack up and move anywhere , and this was the place she wanted to be .
any home i ve had has felt temporary , but this place feels like my home .
besides , i 'll always think of this house as the place where my cousin was murdered .
we also came to know that joseph had provided some of them with a place to stay in one of his buildings on mount zion , where they also met to perform their rites .
after all the work i had to get them out of my house , i certainly was nt willing to receive them again , so i agreed to meet with him at her place .
adad , do you recall a brief conversation we had at my place some time ago , i would say , at that time when we were discussing the increases in the prices of grain ?
she had heard her mothers terrible sob , and arrived to her place in a rush .
families feared eviction for they usually lacked an alternative place to go .
meybe is donemeybe i left here not carin bout how i talked or knowin where places be .
it was typical of nan that the place had been left clean and tidy , as if she was expecting to come back or perhaps she just wanted the next occupants to see how well she had managed .
best get you back to my place as soon as possible .
for the moment it would be best to let her stay here , with mrs warboys but as soon as amy found some work , preferably not what she had been doing , and a decent place to live she would collect nan and they would be together again .
i do n't think he ever found a place where he fit in .
crossing her yard , a dozen chickens clucking after feed scattered , he shook off a pang of wishfulness , the place seeming to match much of what he once wanted but knew could never be .
if i go with you , he s likely to find the place untended so we d return to a pile of cinders .
with a grin , he said conversationally , so there s no notion of acting here as i did at ikes place and getting in all the hot water for it i did , let me listen friendly to what you can say on this dust up .
at least he continued , bringing up the canvas bag and withdrawing two holstered guns , if mrs . loftin can identify these i found hidden at his place .
maybe y all wan na come back to my place .
the place cried out for clean floors and walls , for windows , ceiling fans , and cots , proper babies cots .
before they separate , sean asks jared to go up north to his place on lake superior for several weeks .
he notes the near - poor who labor and sweat for bare existence , always on the border of poverty with suitcases and duffel bags crammed with their lifes belongings , their kids running around , comfortable here in a place not unlike their homes .
it did not seem possible that this small cottage had been a place of childhood joy , chasing each other through the heather , milking the old cow , lying sprawled on the baked earth floor listening to stories from old patrick , alice 's father .
' well as i said , o'reilly was adamant muriall was haunting the manor , but she was protecting us from a dark spirit infesting the place , a demon . '
when i inherited this place , it was a big decision .
we went back to her place and had the best afternoon of my life .
elises directions to her winter place were clear in the main , but she had forgotten to explain that every house out there looked identical .
if she 's going to run this house , keep her off my ass until i can find a place to live .
they were so caught up in the ritual of going through the : who 's , what 's and when 's with rita filling in the latest news about being surprised with a new stepmother and needing a place to live .
julie was elated to hear rita was looking for a place to live , because over the weekend she went out on a limb to rent an apartment and was desperately looking for someone to share expenses .
` ` what a relief to know i have an immediate place to live away from sophie . ''
after retiring i became sort of a tumbleweed itinerant , although perhaps sometime in the future i may decide to choose a place to call home .
did you two have a falling out over where you were going to settle for the night , his place or yours ? ''
i like flying because i could escape to places where no one could find me .
sam realized people putting the rockpile estate project together needed a place to work , in addition to space for temporary job - shop help and julie , serving as all around secretary , motivated rita to rent office space with necessary furniture to accommodate everyone .
by the time we got to indiana it was approaching dinner time and i was looking for a place to spend the night .
i pulled up to our brownstone off rittenhouse square hoping elise would like the place .
yes , elise was spending most nights at my place , but she would get home at eight or nine and be so tired she could barely speak .
instead , i picked up the phone , and called my fathers business rep in new orleans to see if it would be possible to rent a place down there for a couple weeks .
he contracted malaria within a week of arriving and was dead before they had even found a permanent place to stay .
by any standards the cabin is tiny , squalid , and dirty , a place they would have rejected if they had seen it when they first arrived , but after living in the wagon for months , it seemed a godsend to her now .
she said her kids missed their friends back in green bay , and it was taking her and her husband longer than they had thought to find new jobs and a new place to live .
he had a small horse farm on the country , just a bit down the road from my familys place , and i had seen him many times growing up .
i sat in one of the plastic chairs , white with dust , and imagined how the place might have felt when completed .
there were n't many opportunities to spend time together , even if they lived in one place for a year .
there was a gun hanging on the wall , a mans coat and hat hung next to it and the place seemed to be well provisioned .
she had the door open and the dog sent to her place before they could even knock .
they met annie at the bakery and helped emma scrub the whole place : bakery , store front and living quarters .
little help mackie would be , a child with spindly arms , but it was a warm place to stay and she fed him so where was the harm .
there s something wrong when a pinkerton detective comes to my place on a sunday morning and wakes me up so he can ask a lot of questions about who took out the white horse on saturday night , dinan said .
whoever was hired to clean up the house and paint the place could nt even manage that simple task .
and another affidavit that places mr . rehm at his place of employment , with payroll records to verify it .
adams eyes wandered over the tidy home , always reminded of the only house any of them had known before moving west , liking new curtains on tall , long windows facing steps place and his own which , he guessed , katherines daughters helped make .
mehi amazed himself to feel grateful for a place to come home to .
we would have found a nice place to reside for ourselves , but several soldiers led us to a minister , who helped us find a place to live .
we would have found a nice place to reside for ourselves , but several soldiers led us to a minister , who helped us find a place to live .
my desire to go back to the home i was banished from and the others of my kind was still so strong that i never asked myself at what point this place would actually be my home .
of course i will have to extend my stay and perhaps find a place to enhance my wardrobe .
i was looking around me to find the person messing up the place .
` ` i hear they call this place freak house . ''
from the looks on those faces , emily noted , i m thinking we found ourselves a place to stay while we go about building that house we ve been dreaming about .
we can stop by your place to get food .
lets stick to the plan and find an inn that s open , so you will have a place to stay while i go get maggie , continued big mike .
so , as soon as we get your cabin built , we plan on moving on down the river a ways to our place , said the smiling longhunter .
and you get a place to bunk each night .
he crept over to her place one night , but she sent him packing .
i keep going till i find the front doors and burst out of them like the place is on fire .
they help us work in the fields , and in return they get a place to live and a few acres to grow their garden .
by the time they climbed the stairs to their rooms , louise felt that she knew them intimately , and she could not wait to fall in love with the place that wade loved so dearly .
mr . fontaine would reap the benefits of their labor , and the family had a place to live .
emily dropped her hands into her lap , i have seen you ride around our place , but you did nt stop .
he had to live in his wagon while he was working on getting a place to live .
but he knew a hunter had to have a place to live and other things besides meat to live on .
he might not be able to buy them all the things he would like for them to have , but he could at least provide a decent place for them to live , and good food to put on the table .
they worked for a place to live and food on the table , with very little wages .
things are done around our place too .
it would nt take a few days to make all the necessary repairs around the place .
their folks have a place about three miles outside cranston .
besides , i could get upset about you climbing around the place on little stools , shall i ?
i told them i would pay them if they would find her a place to live , they agreed .
she liked the mornings , and disliked cleaning up the place after the other girls .
well , she does help around the place a bit , but she lives there because she has no living relatives , at least none that she knows of .
see to it that this lad has been fed and then find him a place to sleep the night through .
she 's moved into my building and , against my advice , thinks she needs to spruce up her place a bit . ''
tatum caught herself gawking as she moved to the end of the long driveway and took in , for the first time , the true expansiveness of her new place of work .
both anne and tatum knew that there was n't a carpet in the world that would make this place as good as new .
tatum was amazed at the sparseness of the place he 'd brought her to .
i thought you could come over to my place , meet brady and my family ?
` ` dinner at our place sound okay ? ''
` ` let 's go to your place , '' she answered confirming his aspirations .
tatum had never expected that getting on the plane would feel like a relief , but despite her regret at leaving her family during this very difficult time , there was a part of her that was comforted by the thought of returning to the place that she knew was becoming home .
he knew at the bottom of the elevator was his second home , the place where he had friends and things that he liked to do .
come on , brad , its five more days to payday and she would nt take me to her place .
she probably had a merchant seaman shacked up at her place , ron .
brad told stump about how she baby - sat him when yoko dumped him , but very conveniently left out staying at her apartment on that night , or his visit to her place last night .
` ` let 's stop and get sushi to take to your place ?
i 'll be at your place about half after 6 .
` ` hai , but mama - san was very nice and she found me a place to live with her friends .
when we moved to the new place , they made me the honcho of the other girls .
they were not lucky enough to enjoy the warm interior of the bungalow , but their place of living was not less warm as few fireplaces were quickly prepared to fight the cold evening .
they know to find a way back to their place .
at last they found some place they can spend the night .
we have no specific place to live , kripa laughed , we move around to explore places , people , and culture , and after all knowledge .
pick her up at her place , drive to the theater , get some popcorn ... thanks to this job , i could pay for it all .
people been leaving , so chances are you can get a place .
find a place to stay .
a woman walked up and said , looks like cody done delivered another yankee to our place .
with money so tight these past two years , he and his son lawrence had not been able to keep up the place as he should have and he was feeling his age .
this morning , lawrence went out to shoot a deer and run the trot lines he and their dad had set in the sulphur river that ran a couple of miles south of their place .
lawrence and ill go over to my place and look around .
he suspected angie had been caring for the place while he was gone .
the same bunch killed some friends of ours further back on the road and we were tracking them when we came by your place .
he cleared his throat awkwardly and said , you ve done a good job of looking after this place .
two hours later , he saw the homestead of sam and mary hughes and decided to stop by their place to see if everything there was okay and to tell them that angies father was dead .
when we got to his place near washington , arkansas , we found his neighbors had been murdered and his fianc had been forced to hide in a cellar where she was snakebit .
our place is about like yours , sounds like .
we might as well find a place to stay and get carrie a room .
you ll be going back to your place , i know .
the people who were still there understood that the war was over , but told him that they were willing to stay for food and a place to live .
but he figured many would not have a place to go and if he promised to take care of them , some would stay .
he experienced a sudden jolt of remorse as he realized it looked very similar to the sight he had expected to see at his parents place .
he needed time because he was not ready to make any decisions about whether he would rebuild his home place .
yes , maam , i need a place to bathe and clean up a bit , then one of those big steaks and if you have it , i d purely enjoy a real bed to sleep in tonight .
` ` my place is jus ' outa sight up ahead , right smack on top of one of those hills , '' the rancher said .
rex spit out a long stream of tobacco juice and called back , ` ` you want to go on in to the ranch with us , miss clarice , or ride back to your daddy 's place ?
i do apologize for the accommodations , but i assure you things will be sorted out with tancred , and you will have a better place to lodge .
king philip would certainly give you a safe place to stay until this whole matter is resolved .
that cornell should find another place to live .
if you think about it a little bit , you ll realize that sending him away , and keeping this place for ourselves and our families , is the kindest thing we can do for him .
home , a place he longed to be .
as you can probably imagine , in a place like this ( he waves his arms to indicate the house ) , there are a fair number of chores to be - nope !
it reminds me of the place my family and i left when i was a little girl .
it was wise to research the place where she might end up living .
he knew their place could nt compare to the kind of home tessa was used to .
it went against societal norms for a single woman to stay in the same house as a single man , but there was no other place for her .
i understand its a fair hike back to your place .
are nt you coming out to our place to live ?
that s your place .
in most of the places we have stayed , the people were not so generous to their guests , a few even tried to hide their wine or their cheese .
as he stepped through the door she looked a little guilty and he guessed that she had probably been searching the place for some hidden stash of money or valuables , but he let that go by because he had not left anything of value there .
` ` we could n't both of us stay in this place .
` ` an ' if it cost three times as much , you 'd still come back next time you was on the run an ' needed a place to hide out for a while .
the only place the family now has to live is in the carriage house .
you thinking you might want to go see your old place ?
ill tell you what nate , that s about a four or five day detour , two going and two coming back , but ill promise you this nate , whether we find father or not on the way back were going to ride over to your place and check it out , what do you think ?
not to worry nate , i totally understand well find your place on the way back .
with no means to raise money and the mortgage note coming due matt your mother malinda has offered us a place to stay if we ever needed one .
labeau was determined to get our place in revenge for me keeping william and isaac hid from him .
are you livin in your old place in carolina .
their farm was destroyed during the war , now they need a good , safe place to live .
y all should have a comfortable place to live and a good income from the mine .
he saw her just about every morning when he went down to her place for breakfast , and he also went down occasionally at closing time to walk her home and then sit around her small house drinking coffee and talking .
if i have to sit here an ' put up with much more of this , i might start feelin ' the strong urge to give you a quick kick out the front door of my place . ''
that s the world i drove through as i cruised main street ( actually desmet avenue ) looking for a place that would feed me and give me a place to spend the night .
if they have no place to stay , maybe they will go home .
i was down there not long ago , jed you remember i got supplies at your place .
i guess i better head to that hotel , tomorrow i head back to my own place .
the ride from our place to this dalton place i reckoned would be about 3 hours or thereabouts .
wow , that s bigger than your place , erica commented as i took the reigns from her and we rode up to the property .
meanwhile at our place , erica sat and talked with mom and then got a notion .
lilas family had moved around looking for a place to settle , hoping for steady jobs , doing whatever came their way .
hideki looked around and muttered , may this place find peace and contentment again .
it jarred him sometimes to think of places halfway around the world but to find himself waking up each day in the bed he had grown up in .
this was no longer the place he had grown up in .
chapter 38 : valentina when we went back to my parents home , leonardo and i decided to spend our nights in the vegetable shack that had been his place for so long now .
you ll remember , able for the journey or not , she struggled every day from our place on parliamentary road to visit you in the western infirmary .
it was time to think about a place to stay .
we told him to find some place to sleep , we would all be rescued in the morning .
i can barely get to my place by boat now . ''
they seemed to think the army or some ministry or the tooth fairy was going to come and clean their place .
` ` he says he ca n't get to his place because the road is closed . ''
soon , all the tribal families had a place to call home .
it was nt quite the same as his old place up on the hill overlooking the cane river , but it was sufficient .
my place is only about an hour 's ride from here .
hannibal had been with him from the start and had worked as hard as jason to make the place livable .
at the start , jason had been reluctant to accept william 's offer to lend him the slave , but finally his reluctance had taken second place to the sense of urgency he felt to get the place in shape before his family arrived in the fall .
` ` we 'd just be a brother and sister looking for a place to settle . ''
having had a good look at the construction , i headed east , looking for a place to stay .
we put thousands into redecorating , and the place is beautiful .
for six years , from the night anne blackmailed george at arrow - point for an income and a place to live , she has been in hiding with her sisters and daughter .
that he would find you a place to live until the baby was born , and make sure there was no scandal .
they needed a place to stay , but they were very poor , like us , and mary was pregnant .
it ll be at your place the day after tomorrow .
after only one fare all day took me halfway to your place , i had to continue on .
they said they d burn my place down if i do .
just slip the note into the mailbox by the side of the road by our place .
she loved her grandma ; she had this really cute house in balmain , the place where her and her mums own childhood friend sophie had lived , even though sophie had been dead for yonks before either of them lived there .
they were staying in sophies room in her grans place at the moment ; they had sold the house in rosser street for a good price though the cheque was yet to come in .
they were also blocking off part of the back yard of the hotel next to the stairs up to their place into a small private courtyard so they could sit outside in privacy if they wanted to .
it would be finished in two more weeks and then they would move into their new home , it was partly convenience and partly economy that he led to the decision to live on the premises , it would save time , allowing them to devote their full energies to building up the business , and they both liked the idea of it being their own new home , the place where they had first met , not the continued family home of another generation .
but she could not wait until they would really start a new life together , just the two of them living in their own new place and by early next year , please god , they would have a third life in their family to add to their own .
it was good to live and work in the one place , because she could work in the bar and in a minute , if her baby cried , she could be upstairs to attend to her .
gran patsy , lizzie , robbie and her brother and sister were not there as they had all gone to melbourne this year to stay at robbies mums place for christmas and now they were all back in broome .
so alternate weeks she came for sunday evening dinner and the opposite weeks they went to her place for sunday lunch .
one day she stayed until late and then came home with me and after that others had left for the day she brought a drink in for me and invited me to come to her place for dinner as she was alone by herself .
withing five minutes of being back at her place we were in bed together .
after that for the next three weeks until the day before martin came home every night she came to my place and stayed with me .
you re correct , captain , i do have a problem : i have no money ; i have no place to go ; i do nt know anyone here in boston .
he said that ralph was visiting your place .
so , as i said ill come to visit you soon and have a look at your place and consider your very generous offer .
the builders were good enough to make this place with two bedrooms and bo has moved right in , boss .
it was just a place to live and a plot of land that was big enough to make a living on if he had to and a promise of a job as the bronsons hired man .
but daryush is often in your room ; he cleans the place .
aglaia 's house was no place for a decent woman , in roman terms ; but tullia 's position meant she could do as she pleased .
there s no finer man than chester bates , cept for you and john mosby , pa . andy campbell says his pas so mad about his place being wrecked , he wants to clear out and go someplace else , albert reported .
after working full days at his fathers place , he had labored by lantern light to fashion a home for ellen bates , but she had slipped from his grasp like quick silver chased across a tabletop .
i always say it 's not healthy to live in a place where there 's been a death .
it was as if the kitchen , filled with the hiss of fat dripping off the roast in the oven , the gentle bubbling of soup stock , the steady click , click , click of wong 's vegetable knife , contained the only sounds of life in the place .
watching her gallivanting around the place like she owns it .
ah just thought that if ah loaned the manuscript out fo a few days , it might help those poor mormons find a place to live away out west .
when we told him that we were nt interested in fighting with the resistance , don alexandro told us that you could give us a safe place to stay while we were in rome , on our way back to campobasso .
were on our way home to my village , marco explained , and we need a place to stay for awhile until its safe to cross the mountains to campobasso .
this place is nt safe anymore .
she has a place that she sleeps , out in the woods .
although he has a nice place , i do nt like the company he keeps .
if this were my place , i would have a hiding place for money and valuable papers .
his mind was full of ways to make the manor a place of which olwen would be proud to be mistress .
fear skidded into her mind and raced around frantically trying to find a place to reside .
someday , i been asking the lord , if he might help me meet a good man and i can work for myself doing for people , sos we can have a place of our own .
she needs a place to stay .
we must not waste time and i have my own place to run .
she had contracted some sickness , no one ever told them what , and died , leaving them with no place to go except newgate .
they made a point to know who was traveling past their place .
straight to my place .
i d rather stay in my own place .
his wife amy has a place for you and zack to stay tonight .
i m surprised to learn this place has a well .
we should be at your place soon .
food , a place to sleep , and two sets of clothing .
he came here to escape court life in vienna , however , it was not a place he had shared with his family .
perhaps a hot meal , and a place to sleep would not be too much to ask ?
of course the emperor had made arrangements for a new place , a new car , a new everything , it seemed .
kevin said i can stay with him and eric until i find a place .
they groaned in protest , and joe wondered the last time someone had been in to clean up the place .
she had to admit , though , that living inside such a beautiful place , if even for a short time , made her feel almost like royalty .
i m sure the heating bills for this place are monstrous , kevin commented , looking around and then up at the chandelier hanging above them .
he wondered how she would react if he went back to her place and pulled her into his arms so she could sleep against his chest .
after i left your place yesterday i went home and had a few drinks .
mom and dad are gone for the weekend to deer lake , see , for a church thing , and these guys are trashing the place .
i just want you to do what you did at my place .
i left him messages on his phone , wrote him emails , even stopped by his place once .
look , i 'll tell you what , lizzie said , we 'll go back to my place , i 'll put on my hacker cap and see what i can find out about your missing man and maybe your demon doctor chick .
it was still morning when she arrived at her place .
this place has gone to the dogs , she joked , trying hard not to break into a panic .
i d just moved out of my parents place and i was desperate to be a proper grown up .
then were going to my place , i added .
maybe i should have been focused on the ghost , but it was the follower that took me to my place after breakfast .
this place had a strange atmosphere , cold and impersonal , more like a museum than a home .
whatever place she found herself in , it was big .
she had been lucky and found tenants for her place , so she did nt need to worry about money for the moment .
` ` let 's go to my place , '' she propositioned .
` ` this place is nice and all for a vacation , but small town living ai n't for me .
she was free to get her own place in l.a . or san diego .
then they would wonder out of the break room and take it to their own place to eat it , wherever in the store the wished to be .
mike mcconnell 's house was the last place i had wanted to go .
even if he could find a place with a wood stove or a working fireplace , just getting the wood would be dangerous .
the place is a complete mess though , with broken and shattered stuff scattered all over .
she would nt take more than five children at a time because she ran the place on her own and the state had limits on the ratio of providers to students .
i stopped at the ruins of my place and pumped the hand crank to fill the truck with fuel , but never shut off the engine .
if you or any of your hunter friends ever need a safe place to stay , you 're always welcome here .
andy read his expression , management does nt give a damn about the condition of the place , just collecting rent checks and enforcing eviction notices .
he looked around his fathers living room , knowing this would be the last time he would see the place , recalling fast food dinners on the coffee table , building forts out of sheets and the dining chairs , kissing a girl for the first time at the age of twelve on that worn sofa one night while his father was working late .
places olde towne forty miles east of seattle in hill country .
her boyfriend came by , and tried to rough up the place , and you , am i right ?
i do nt have a working phone , so i had to dive into his place to call out .
i m staying at your place tonight and possibly tomorrow .
if it were nt for the fact the kitchen island was off to the right rather than placed in the centre of the dining area , natassia could easily mistake this apartment for the last place mars inhabited .
cleaning crews had managed to get in , for the place was spotlessly clean , with a faint scent of lemon household cleaner permeating the air .
cleaned up the place quite a bit , bonnie said , cheerfully inspecting the outward jabs of glass that pierced the wall .
its been close to a year and they still have nt come over for a visit to see what i ve done with the old place .
i m very sorry , but , i felt like knocking on your door and asking you to come up to my place for a cup of coffee .
you just asked me if i wanted to go up to your place for a cup of coffee and i just said okay .
i have to wonder why a man would pick a place to live that held so much tragedy in it for him .
now he does nt leave that apartment and spends most of his time cleaning all these weird little ornaments that he s cluttered up the place with .
crescent manor is like a magnet for certain frequencies within people , and they are drawn to this place as a method of , as you ve said , bringing their incompletion into a whole .
i do nt go into your place and start stomping all over it .
the place was nt a wreck any more .
cassidy was going to go back to her apartment to zone out , but decided shed get less friction if she went back to her moms place and slept in one of the two guest rooms as shed done for the past two nights .
and the sailors sang strange songs of unknown places , and they stole off one by one to the forecastle while the wistful watchers murmured old chants and leaned over the rail to glimpse the luminous fish playing in bowers beneath the sea .
he had spent half of what he had saved on clothes and the other half was invested in the rent in advance for this place , the $ 100.00 he had in his bank account and what little was in the refrigerator .
i had to get contractors and shit , but i made this place what you see today .
malachi he lives with us , he fixed the place up for free rent .
one step at a time , she descended and noticed that other than the missing hallway table and a few scuff marks , malachi and miranda had cleaned up the place nicely .
our place is possessed or something .
that was where she started going through the place , flipping her mattress , opening up the closet , and checking under the bed .
when owen and malachi realised she was turning the place upside down , they helped , checking every place miranda might be , across the four bedrooms , the bathroom , the ensuite , but she was nowhere .
do nt be sorry , malachi soothed its my fault really , coming here after i inherited this place , thinking i could fix it up and everything would be forgotten .
i hated my life , got picked on , even my parents did nt want me so when i got this place , i thought , new home , new job , new life .
the place is ruined , i m going to have to start fixing everything up again .
at least eleanors place had been different , and once he found the right combination of medications to block out the visions , life had been easier for a time .
when i had told her the facts and got her signature to the necessary papers , and had written a letter with them ready to post to ms . hawkins , she began to ask me how i had come across so suitable a place .
back to your own place !
when i saw her four days ago down at her own place she looked queer .
' oh , very well , she said , ' let his come in , by all means , but just wait a minute till i tidy up the place . '
minas harker 's memorandum ( entered in her journal ) ground of inquiry . -- count dracula 's problem is to get back to her own place .
the whole place seemed constructed from a mold , if that were possible .
a couple kids got into a fight , left the place a huge mess .
the place was just as big a mess as when he left , with dishes smashed on the tile floor and the refrigerator toppled over , but there was no one there .
he was in the only place he wanted to be , the place he d known as home for the entirety of his life , the place where he was always welcomed with open , loving arms .
perhaps it would n't hurt to go back to his place , let him crack open a bottle of wine and spend some more wonderful time together .
it was a beautiful home in a quiet town , and just the place for terri to rediscover her talent for art .
she was lucky to have a renter like terri who needed a quiet place to stay .
for years she rented the house out to people , needing a quiet place to do their art or write their novels .
it was a beautiful , historic house and the perfect place to enjoy her soon - to - be husband and raise a family .
* * * ` ` so are you going to visit dad in his new place ? ''
and it was finally time to move out of mom and dads house and enjoy her own place .
wayne further suggested , ` ` what do you say that tonight we go back to my place ?
` ` no answer at my place either , '' madison says .
if you leave you might not even make it to your ex 's place . ''
` ` we 'll be at my ex 's place before you know it .
there are plenty of things you can use at my place .
i want to have something before i get to your place .
okay , there are old , stained magazines spread out on the coffee table , along with a half full bottle of scotch and two lipstick - stained glasses , but other than that the place looks spotless .
you think she cleans this place ?
chapter nine how far to your uncles place ?
we have no place else to go and i do nt want him to get offended and kick us out , i whisper back .
ill find a place .
for a long time i just stand there , my heart pounding , not sure what to do or even where to go , until finally my uncertainty makes me start walking to the only place i know ill have to return to eventually the place i used to consider home .
literally a safe zone , i had never felt safer than in this place .
the pictures were an attempt to brighten up an otherwise sterile place , but tom did nt believe there was any way to inject happiness into a place people only come to because something terrible had happened .
it had been a long time since a childs laughter had brightened this place .
anyway , since i went through all the hard work finding this place , i only think it fair that my lovely and i retire to the more elegant second - floor suite while you two douches can take the web - infested attic .
go ape - shit , tear the place apart , let those raging hormones of yours take control !
shards of broken mirror splayed everywhere ; pieces of furniture all over the place ; holes in the walls ; blood on the floorboards ; there had been pieces of everything that he had nt even recalled even coming to contact with .
i tried calling patty several times this morning but she never answered so i decided to try talking to her face to face and just walked over to her place .
okay , lets grab some coffee and go to my place .
we say good - bye and i walk away from sam but do not head directly to my place .
they re all around my place .
yes , that is obvious but what i mean is how many were able to get to your place on such short notice .
he said there are at least five predators around his place .
take some time to shake them off and then come to my place .
i stopped by his place a couple of days ago but he was nt there .
this is your place he looks flustered now and whispers , sorry .
chapter 46 two days of being stuck in my apartment has sam pacing impatiently around the place .
we could go back to your place .
well , we agree to learn more about ourselves but we ca nt think of any way to do that so i thought well , i thought we could find out more from one of them and the easiest place to find one is at your place .
they know you re on the run so maybe they re only watching your place in case you decide to return for something .
maybe we can sneak into my place .
i glance around sams apartment , which is not much larger than my place .
chapter 64 we could go to our place , john responds , looking me in the eye in a way that makes me nervous .
his laptop must have been one of things he collected while we were at his place .
after a moment , i ask , were you hanging around my place , in vancouver i mean ?
so , they do nt know where i live and they ca nt smell their way to my place .
i hope the company is paying for some of that until you find a place .
so i sold their place and bought an apartment , he said .
life gets terribly noisy sometimes during the week , if you come an hour before they close you have the place all to yourself .
i ve got all my gear in the truckwould you like to go back to your place ?
that old place was broken down , cracked floors and broken glassi bricked up the hole in the wall , your mother convinced stephen that it was a waste of electricity to keep such a drafty long tunnel connected .
well just step out and let you get dressed and then well head back to my place .
this house is my place , elizabeth says as she looks out the window .
i m afraid of this place too , with all the spider webs and the floor all wrecked up , alexis adds as she places a hand on hopes shoulder and gives her a little shake .
good , because i already called ethan and hell be at your place in about half an hour , justine says with a laugh as she wraps her arm around emmas shoulder .
i actually lived in that house after i myself graduated from the same university , as my father decided to move out , to a place across town , closer to the its ancient library .
` ` it was n't my place . ''
i had often , when at home , thought it hard to remain during my youth cooped up in one place and had longed to enter the world and take my station among other human beings .
i d have to take the last go bus back to my place at long branch .
i ca n't go to my place .
geoff is the skipper of a red crab boat called the caramina ; he gave walter a job and a place to stay after he got canned here in anchorage .
knowing her ex was deeply involved in the study and combat of the occult , karla had been right to guess his place would be a safe haven .
the ones i brought to her place were too dull .
if i chose to kill her , she would smell the whole place up as she was rotting .
by the time he dried off and dressed , the aroma of tomato sauce and hot steam from the kitchen made the place so steamy ; it felt like he was back up on the roof again .
sometimes they went eight months without hot water , using candles to light the place .
there were times that he thought he should move to a smaller place , just big enough for him and his facts .
they lived with it for a few years and i could see it was just starting to eat away at the fabric of the place , but i waited because i knew i could make it all go away if i just waited for jenny and john to mature almost enough to lose their innocence .
i have to keep this place together for the rest of my life .
chapter 11 dorm thirteen , the unlucky place to live as those who believe in luck around campus called it , sat high atop a hill overlooking one of the main parking lots .
our place , man , it was flooded outbut not real deepme and mom , we waded down there to get some things .
the obvious answer was to take her back to his place .
we moved you out of that place for a reason .
wan na come back to my place for a nightcap ?
she had gone back to her place , packed a few things , and returned a short time later .
it 's hard to imagine being in a place from your people that disappeared so completely that no one even knows its name .
` ` it 's so much nicer to share this place with someone new . ''
i did n't have the energy to tear the place apart .
in theory i could have lived in that bus , but i chose to stay at mom 's place in worcester .
you 'll have the whole place to yourself . ''
` ` then you 'll take me back to your place , we 'll have awkward but reasonably enjoyable sex and after that i 'll overstay my welcome by a couple of months . ''
i think that was the first time kara shot heroin at my place .
it took less than a week for kara to bring a client home to my place .
he / she called a taxi and it made him bring out of town to the address where in his / her mind it was certain to find that family place .
alida and luca never bothered to refresh the floor and the walls , and the wear and tear of the place was unprecedented .
i m afraid he s going to show up at my place or something .
well he can come over to my place anytime , said alma .
he was going to get a new place , but then he lost his job after he blew up at work .
were going to have to check their place out .
i figured you would nt want to go back to your place , said paul .
can we just take a quick ride back to my place ?
i remember seeing you come out of your grandmas place , wearing that dress , and i almost could nt talk .
i m sure its weird to have some stranger staying at your place right before hauling you through a couple states .
i ve still got the noose back at my place .
next of kin directed by tony williams written by michael heath , tony williams tagline there s no place like home .
i bet if i strung up one of his clangitty , clang clang milk buckets on your bridle you d wreck his whole place !
he certainly cleared off to find a safer place to live !
i like to think that if i had a place to go to i 'd do it ... but is that true ?
i made a brief appearance on the porch friday afternoon to quell any rumors of wrongdoing or trouble at our place .
the punk wanted sautin to bang the guy around , bust up his place , and grab the drugs that were ( supposedly ) inside .
sautin owned a block of tract - housing close to westwego , clapboard shacks that made the last place grandma and me lived look like caviar and ice cream .
he threw back the broken screen door like he owned the place and creaked dangerously across the slowly disintegrating wooden planks to the door .
i saw a few space heaters positioned like bombs waiting to ignite the place in flames .
sautin put me up in my own place ( the money in the wallets alone was enough for deposits and first months rent ) and he did nt require me to have anything else to do with duane .
when i got back to my place i called sautin on his cell phone .
he said he d be at my place within the hour to pick up the girls things and i said okay .
she had nothing but the clothes on her back , but there was no way we were going back to her place .
there have been no calls from sautin ; he has not been to my place .
the whole place is torn up .
there was one time , i recall , when he and i were doing homework at his place .
thom was still out with some friends of his so i had the place to myself and it was eerily quiet .
the place lookednormal and homey .
it made josh feel almost nostalgic for his parents place .
he could finally leave the house , get his own place , and be on his own .
then the divorce came and that ate up a lot of his time , which meant he had to juggle work , finding a cheap place to live , meeting with his lawyer , court , and all the other things that came with divorce proceedings .
just thinking about leaving a place he d called home for many years gave him a little lump in his throat .
come on , lets get you back to my place .
he d stopped only once after leaving toms to return to his own place , to shower and to dress in a fresh set of his own clothes .
i ' ve got work in the morning , so i ' m staying at my place tonight . ''
it was still work , but because there were only three of them working and all three got along , the place had a slumber party feel .
when they found that e - reader of yours , that s when they started trashing the place .
the place was mess , a jumbled collection of garbage and broken furniture .
juanita was puzzled that the place looked even better than it did the day before when she left it and thought that the girlfriend that he had over probably tidied up before she left .
she thinks that you have a girlfriend in town that comes in and cleans the place up before she leaves .
what if i ve no place else to go ?
he s staying at your place tonight .
he stayed at your place .
apparently , the old indian dynamited his place before he left , so that when they arrived to force him away , the whole place went kablooie .
apparently , the old indian dynamited his place before he left , so that when they arrived to force him away , the whole place went kablooie .
medb had bought it to have a place to stay whenever she came to denver , but she made her home in cairnsford , halfway between denver and colorado springs .
however , they needed a safe place to live , what with sunny 's parents being in hiding , and the house not only had a sophisticated alarm system , it was located within a highly secure gated community .
having the place to himself might be safer .
if he tried to break into a neighbors place , the racket might attract attention .
blood streaked the walls and worn carpet , the place looking closer to the hallway of a slaughterhouse than an apartment building .
the blood - saturated floor squished under his shoes as he sneaked toward the end of the hall , knowing the mans place had a window that faced the street .
rummaging through the place as the morning went on , lance found some eggs and bacon inside the fridge in the kitchen .
tony whispered , nice place you have here ; cept for the smashed window anyway .
i came running down the alley , looking for a place to stay at dusk last night and found the door unlocked .
having a safe place to spend the night was a commodity they might not have again .
he had her on the bed in the second bedroom of his place with the injured leg elevated and he kept trying to feed her but she was getting sicker and sicker .
we were on our way to your place .
thank god our place was fully fenced .
that s it then , i m headed back to my place .
these nevermores seem to be sticking to the main routes right now , so if you come to my place , come the back way .
dan had nt even left us a single weapon , though he d said he had lots at his place .
dan had nt made it home from our place , at least that s what it looked like .
i need to take more than that ; i need to stockpile the food at my place .
i knew the place had to be unoccupied because dust was caked on the furniture and mirrors .
a swamp cooler hangs out of our living room windowthe only source cool air in this place , which dad refuses to turn on until dusk and only for an hour on days when its hot as hell .
well , that ll be good for you to get to your grandparents place .
a family friend works not too far from here , i d rather head to his place and go from there .
i do nt know for sure , but i heard , that they are all orphans with no place to go and no one to claim them .
come on , you can stay at my place tonight .
ill explain when we get back to my place .
yes , well , i understand that , he said , but for how long will the place you like remain the same ?
no way someone looked around this place and decided to have a nap .
if you were a disgusting muck - dweller in need of a place to call home , this was the place to be .
anything not in a wall or a floor or buried in the yard was stolen out of this place before you or i were ever born .
sure , she kept the place as spotlessly clean as she could to keep out the bacteria , but it was a losing battle .
frankie peered into the front windows , where quick , fleeting shadows were bringing the place into a state of general mayhem .
a soft , cool breeze entered the house , its outdoor clean cancelling out the stink of bleach that frankie kept the place permeated in .
even got my own place awhile over in berwick , already messing around some with this other woman at work , buying her kidjesus , ca nt even remember his name anymore , he was , hell , he was one of the ones they shot hanging around at the school , you know ? that car and all , and still i come crawling back home maybe about six months later like a zombie myself , you know ?
i went to the window ( we did nt cover the attic windows ) , and saw that it was comin from uncle olins place .
i thought maybe i had seen one out at my place last night .
i mean i ' m not sure if i really saw a homeless guy or not but someone was there and prowling around my place .
i mean i ' m pretty sure it was someone but i am just not sure who or why they would be wandering around my place .
i ' m uh just trying to ascertain whether or not i need to be on the lookout for homeless people wandering through my place .
i looked your place over before i moved here , i explained .
if he sent me referrals who were used to his place , i wanted them happy about coming here .
enough light filtered in around the curtains and through other windows in the kitchen that the place was washed in a cheery bath of warming sunshine .
the place had that not - lived - in look .
i said as we left the station and headed back to my place .
were just a street away from my place when we hear it .
its soon obvious that the screaming is coming from mr andersons place , or rather the plot of land where his place used to be .
its soon obvious that the screaming is coming from mr andersons place , or rather the plot of land where his place used to be .
just a month ago , st . catherine was an exceptionally safe place to live , but that was a different time , an age ago .
the constant worrying about food and firewood and the kidsand i feel so trapped in this goddamn place .
so , i need to choose a place to live for eternity ?
her transportation from her place in the physical plane to his place was exhausting .
my folks have a place on the lake , but they re in town .
well , that s because it is new , its not a rentalgus keeps a car for me at his place in case i need it .
this is where i prefer to spend most of my time though i have a place in edinburgh .
i heard she s all settled in at your place .
i d better go out to her place .
i picked her up , going back to my place .
because they remembered , there was little need to explain to them why they could never return , but rather must slip from the city , and the state , and find a secret new place to call home .
pleased with herself , shed accepted ; soon they were working their way away through the fog - shrouded water front , and headed for his place .
chapter 22 they ended up at his place .
then they were at his place , and their clothes started falling off .
they drove to her apartment , jamie deftly maneuvering kat so she would nt expect to spend the night at his place .
i would think that you would keep this place much cleaner than you have .
it was n't as if the place was n't terrible anyway with that dreadful wallpaper and worn carpet .
` ` you mean this place had a butler at one time ? ''
as i have remarked in the past the place is far less cheerful since the death of the mistress of the house , but i should think ' '' the loud , hard knock at the parlor door startled everyone .
i opened a few windows on the main floor to give the place a slight airing out .
its not that he would nt have had the money to afford such a place , but he only really lived there because of pete benson .
he had to find a place to crash .
after picking up the brews , he started toward her place .
ok , but lets go up to your place first .
looters had thoroughly pilfered anything of value in the house and i was saddened to see how the old mans books were scattered about the place , soggy and rife with mold , totally useless now .
there were a treasure trove of antiques all about the place but i was only really interested in small items that i could carry off easily .
we can go back to my place , if you d like .
i had some yesterday at her place , and its good .
i have made arrangements with trudy for you to stay with her until you can find your own place .
he was an apothecary that also made vampire wares , but the vampires eventually succeeded in breaking into his home , destroying the place and dragging him off for food .
it also lacked that conspicuous smell he d grown so used to from his usual sleeping place , that admixture of human and animal stench that seemed to permeate every corner .
no one really took care of this place .
for a great many of those long interred in the pen , they had no place to go or any family to find .
well , for now i m just going to keep working at tinas salon until i can save up enough money to hopefully get a business loan for my own place .
we ve found a nice place , its big , it has two bathrooms , we each have a bedroom , there s a kitchen what , are you renting a house ?
then well go back to my place and get some pizza or something .
wow , what a greeting i get at your place zoe !
so my cousins gabby and jose are here as you all know and they have approached me about needing a place to stay .
they need a safe place to stay and want to stay here with us mainly because the property is secure .
i do nt think we should give into fear and keep cooping ourselves up in this place .
she felt guilty even though it was nt her fault and tried to straighten up the place .
my parents are catholic and they have crosses all over the place , so my room is the only comfortable place in the house .
he would find a new place to live .
it looked as if halliday never left the place : there were soiled clothes strewn all over , and the sink was piled with dirty dishes that had been used over and over again , so that food was caked on top of food .
i ve got two suvs at my place , henry said .
this place could be a powder keg waiting to blow up .
logan , we can try , but were thinking maybe whatever happened at our place might have happened all over .
i think we need to drive back to that was our aunt and uncles place , sam said .
there are several miles between our place and town , and things were just as bad in both places .
but it might be a good idea to drive back toward home , see what our place looks like .
by the time it was two hours shy of sundown , they had found a place to spend the night .
our new place feels like home already .
by now it was only an hour or so until dark , and they still had nothing to eat but protein bars and no place to stay for the night .
they no longer stopped to find a place to spend the night .
we were just hoping for a place to stay the night .
if you want me to drive you to your uncles place , that s what ill do .
tom leaned forward to get a better look at the place where he was going to live and he peered up to see a victorian style home .
whoever owned the place was nt there to let him in and give him food or a place to sleep out the night .
i gave you a place to live when you needed it , he said , i extended you the christian hand of friendship and this is how you thank me ?
i told him my wild theory , and for some reason he did n't balk at the suggestion that we search dean 's place for clues to what he 'd been up to on his trips away .
we need to open all the windows in the house and air this place out .
' so all i have to do is sell this falling down flea - pit , then find us a place where we can live and our dead relatives can move in with us .
my sister is always nagging me to do something with the place . '
' my own place is n't much better , ' admitted victor , scratching the ear of toby the jack russell .
i have a good idea with what we 'll get for your place , we can do this . '
compared to granger 's old place , this was a palace and violet could tell from her expression granger realised it was a good property .
she was in the process of moving out , going back to her parents place .
tania , that 's her name , was in a car crash driving to her parents place with some of her stuff .
' simon has a place with a ghost that mrs granger was looking for , and he wanted a house to do up .
lesters eyes watered , everything in the room was floating around like the place was going to explode .
according to the buyers and what i could get out of the franklins , the place is supposed to be airtight .
it was the first time i got a hint of the vacuum , first time i recognized the place she 'd been making for me all along ...
by sheer coincidence , my house had become the perfect place to survive a zombie outbreak .
none of us had any place to go or any real chores we had to do .
the only downside to moving to my own place was cheryl could only visit during the daytime .
* this place is so big , elliott said , her voice awed .
peach shutters and monstrous white columns framing the porch could nt make the place look happy .
this was the first time my brothers and sisters had ever seen the house where our grandmother grew up and spent the last years of her life ; for me , only vague memories remained of the place .
old houses have a lot of quirks , and grannys place was no exception .
but i like my place the way it is , mum .
you know your father and i would be more than happy to help you find a better place to live .
looks like it might take an army to just clean this place , gracie said , feeling disappointed .
i think the place could be a lovely home again .
because that s what this place , this new house , this nice little starter home was supposed to alleviate .
that had ended up taking her to texas of all places , that stoking furnace of cowboys , money and oil , and by early winter , playing her cards right , shed had a place of her own .
the windows were shells of accumulated drive - ups and allowed no sight - line at all as to what the place was like inside .
the smile was hard to deny , the confidence with which he spoke of their future and all the little ones they d surely fill the new place with .
this place actually had a fireplace , something shed never figured even in her wildest imagination , the closest shed ever come a hollowed - out firepit in her grandmothers backyard for bonfires on nights when the woman had been away .
several of the places he d been forced to stay had insisted he go to church and though he d never liked it much there was no denying an altar of sorts held center stage here .
hell , if she left right now shed still be able to make it back to her place before dark .
i asked if i could sleep over her place , and finally she relented .
it take a while to think about how to explain it to him and look around the place .
and also to what a mess i had made of the place .
` ` no way he has come for the first time to our place , i will make food today and that will be great ` ` she said and busied herself in the kitchen .
instead of giving me the answer he was advising me to reach my place , and was pretending as if he has not heard what i was asking .
` ` who moved out from this place now ?
but , he turned up dead anyway the police found his body a few days after his dad reported him gone , and they found him right behind your place .
how is your new place ?
some days like this one , she seemed a more viable option than the uncertainty he would face if he left home , the only place he had known for so long .
she stepped out of her car and immediately felt that something was n't right about the place , but it took several moments for her to realise what it was , the house looked too neat and tidy .
i have a hunch that it will be worth more than just one meal and a place to sleep .
three oclock at my place .
saturday , three oclock , at my place .
you have all those rooms in your place and practically no neighbors .
this was the first time she 'd slept over at my place , the first night she 'd had to deal with the aftermath .
other than that , she did nt need such a large place since she lived alone .
he and shawn promised to spend the weekend at her place to help unpack her belongings - many that were too large for her to move .
degrossi agreed to take the trip to her place and pick them up and drive the items back to his home .
the state refused to sell lita the orphanage , citing that future children would surely need a place to reside until their adoption .
she was known to go off to have a good time with natalie and her other friends for a day and remain overnight at their place .
i think the isolation of this place and all the family baggage is affecting me .
i do nt have a place to stay here , hari said to the lady from hr .
you know vijay , your problem is that you do not have problems in life said hari look at me since moving into the new place i have hardly got time to think of anything else .
guess what , i am coming over to stay at your place .
in a place like mumbai where people find it difficult to find a place to stay , how come there is this abandoned house in the middle of the forest .
this was a smaller place than the one i come from .
` ` you know the place is doing you good , '' he said , ` ` and really , dear , i do n't care to renovate the house just for a three months ' rental . ''
we always have to air the place out after he leaves .
he has his own place down the street .
he s always dripping and oozing all over the place .
after her last child died , she went mad , burned the place down , and drowned herself in the pond .
there was a strange peace about my little chrome and leather world when the machine was shut off ... it almost seemed like a place i 'd like to live .
stumbling out of the room , i realized that janet was over and was the reason my place smelled like breakfast .
when you want peace and quiet with your son , you could have it ... when you crave adventure , i could send you places that you 'd never see otherwise .
bob wished he had some place to go back to - but he was all alone and out of options .
he talked with her a lot about things they would do and she agreed to come and meet him at his place for her regular fee and some extra money for gas .
all three longed for a place to belong and care about .
maybe in a year or two , they might have enough money saved up to buy a place of their own .
he waited another hour for jose to come by , do his chores and leave , then he would have the place all to himself .
but when the missiles lanced up on the horizon , bright plumes of fire defining their westward trajectories , the reality had smacked him in the face , forcing him to reevaluate everything he believed about the place he had called home .
i could see that last evening when we were at her place .
we could have kept her at my place .
it took virtually the entire night , at your place , philip , to come to grips with this and to achieve all this .
then , later , today , when you dropped me off at my place , i immediately called lydia and told her all that had happened and asked her to see if she could get nicholas body released from the police .
get to my place .
philip and i will drive on to ocean city and drop you off at his place , he said .
in the car , driving from your place to here .
first , we shall go back to your place where you can take care of this wound .
in many ways the whole trailer park looked more like a junkyard than a place people actually lived .
well , if i ' m that annoying , feel free to go trailer shopping and find your own place .
i did n't have a girlfriend or a decent place to live .
check out how they decorated their place for halloween , the private said , laughing .
you should see our place .
giggling at the warmth in her heart , dani followed him home to the place where they both belonged .
he would leave behind his old life and move out here ; find a nice place right on the beach and live happily - ever - after .
this was the place his soul longed to be , not rotting away in the country , lost among the corn .
its not my fault you keep your place so damn warm .
many of the security officers found themselves out in the cold with no money and no place to go .
while he ate his meal , he let his eyes wander around the room wondering if he would be better off somewhere else , a place where there would n't be anything to remind him of her .
get another place to live and forget you ever lived here .
i should be at your place in about an hour .
he 'd spent thirty years fixing up his own place .
` ` nice place you have here , '' he finally ended up saying .
the woods that surround my place sometimes concern me so i stay out of them .
another possibility is that humans have destroyed the animals habitats by building roads , parking lots and office buildings leaving them with no place to go .
then , just about the time she was able to navigate another curve , she realized that home was the only place where she really belonged .
` ` i ' m going back to her place and see if i can get a little rest .
margaret had shown him a picture of jack bernard that she 'd found in an old discarded shoebox when she moved into the place .
james had argued that they should just sell the place , make a tidy profit and buy their own little place in the city - something they 'd never dreamt of affording .
but one visit to the house had changed her mind ; there was something gloriously homely about the place , vast as it was .
she smiled at herself for sounding like a new - ager , but the place felt good , not like the cramped apartment she had called home for the last three years .
` ` uh oh ; they 're mad that you spent the night at my place ? ''
well , i said to myself , at least this takes care of finding a place to stay tonight .
i needed a shower in my own place and a fresh change of clothes and then i could begin to feel normal again .
i looked about the place and everything seemed to be as i d left it .
the comfort and freedom i had expected from being away from the hospital and back in my own place was illusory , a mirage of wavy water in baking desert heat .
crutches or no crutches , people had places to go .
i hung up the phone and inspected every nook and cranny as would become my regular routine every time i walked into the place .
i do nt need you freaking out on me when i m trying to keep this place in one piece .
steve , she began and i found it odd that she called me by my first name , sometimes this old place just creaks and it makes new people feel uncomfortable .
* * * jan did nt scare you out of this place yet , i see .
we had left the library and headed back to my place .
i wanted some time to myself as well so i went back to my apartment after i dropped trent off and saw katie back to her place .
by the time i came back to my place i was only moderately on edge .
my guess was that upon investigation they were going to find the door leading into my place had also been broken into and that the fire had been started within .
what i do nt understand is why he set your place on fire .
he was totally different than when he showed up at the bookstore or at my place .
douglas followed him and lynn brought up the rear , passing her eyes one final time over the place that had been her home for so many years .
the place was clean , as it had always been , he took that as a good omen .
we were just looking for a place to sleep .
because you would have to really and truly love a place to be willing to deal with an outhouse on a day - to - day basis .
also , they would all need a place to sleep , so barracks were being built .
gretchen and rachel would like it if your mother stayed here with us until you found a place .
they would head west , following a string of small towns marked on georges map , until they found a place to stay permanently .
when you find a place to live , come back and get us .
sven had adopted the russian blue from a rescue shelter three years earlier , and according to svens realty , the two of them were the longest - renting tenants in the house so farapparently three and a half years was a record for the place .
sure she left crumbs about the place sometimes and had an aversion to using coasters that would have made any man proud , but she did nt deserve , did nt deserve to be a woman ca nt handle a gun like that !
i could get used to this place , she thought , its definitely big enough for me .
his place is on the way .
there was a well in the side yard and i started to pray that there would be water in it.this place looked completely out of place in this nightmare landscape of scorched sky and toxic grass .
they 'd spent the last three weeks prepping him for a place he 'd been destined to visit .
` ` there 's a big fire about a mile from your place .
find a new place to live , get more time to stabilize my life .
i had stayed overnight at his place , and when i woke up in the morning , he .
a dozen of them from my quick count , staggering in the middle of the street as though they had a destination in mind , and i immediately hoped it was nt my place .
i m at your place , he said , the voice crackly , but clear enough .
were staying at his place in lula , about 11 miles from here .
well be bringing her back to my place .
i want to get you back to my place .
gem had a tattered copy of watership down that she had left at my place before we split up , and was delighted to find it .
where our townhouse smelled of whatever scented candles we were burning , this massive place smelled of wood , leather , and some attic - library - like scent that i could nt name .
` ` yeah sure , how about we go separately to my place ? ''
the place looked like they 'd just moved in , except there were not boxes to be seen .
she had n't really gotten anything from malcolm 's place that could be considered a souvenir because the man barely had anything except for what she had taken from his room .
` ` i have a room that needs filling at my place .
this meant that he 'd have to go get the shit and take a thirty minute bus ride down to his place .
he wondered if he should take care of that garrick guy or if this would break the unit apart and leave josh needing a place to live .
` ` we do it at my place though . ''
` ` you need a place to stay ?
using the directions malcolm had given to him at the hospital he walked down to his place on boulder and platte , he was unsure whether or not he should do it though .
i ' m at your place and you are n't home are you ? ''
he had no other place to go so he was n't too worried that he 'd never come back .
frowning with his hands behind his head he thought about how lucky he was to have both a place to stay and that he still had someone to fuck .
he had not even talked to his father since leaving their place in lakewood .
only one way to find out ... ` ` what do you say we get out of here and go to my place ? ''
` ` illbe glad to run you back to your place . ''
this was the first time he 'd been to our new place ; we 'd only moved in two months before .
invite him back to my place .
had just about the whole school back to my place while my parents were away skiing .
i know that ma and pa spleen keep several torches around the place , ever fearful of power cuts , determined never to be left stranded in the dark .
she spent most of last weekend at our place , four of the nights since , and they 're getting together this weekend too .
maybe he 'll get out more and stop moping about the place . ''
` ` if we do n't run into too much trouble , we should be able to get as far north as maiden , and spend the night at my place . ''
how far to your place , tom ? ''
` ` we 're gon na have our own place , '' harold said .
the breezeway , like everything else around lebay 's place , had seen better days .
' but it 's only for a week or two , until i find a cheaper place .
' yeah , ' i said , noticing that my father did n't follow up that judgement with an offer that arnie could park it at our place .
our place was quiet ; outside , the sun played tag with a few benign white clouds .
he supposed that was why he had let cunningham hang around the place when all of his strongest- instincts told him to get the kid out of the garage , he was in some way dangerous .
in the last ten years they had moved six times , hopping all over the eastern seaboard , and of all the places they had been , her mom liked libertyville the best .
i had something of a scare going downhill from pomberton 's place ; even dry and empty , that baby really got rolling .
but if that 's what they did , why did n't they lock up their place when they left ?
and on a few occasions i watched him leave his place in the hollywood hills in the same gray cadillac to return to las vegas not often , though .
i drove back over the next rise , stopped in my old place just out of sight of the detour , got out , and tightened the lug - nuts on the van , s back wheel , using the tire - iron this time .
i got back to my place in vegas that night at eleven o , clock .
there was a woodstove in the kitchen and a fireplace in the living area ; when both were going , the place made you feel stupid with the heat even if it was twenty below outside .
' where 's your place ? '
he hissed through his teeth , sat up , and looked at the bag ' thanks for shopping at our place !
thanks for shopping at our place !
if he simply lay here waiting for henry and the snowmobile , he was apt to be a petesicle when henry arrived - a petesicle with a bag of busted beer - bottles beside him , thank you for shopping at our place , you fucking alcoholic , thanks a lot .
he 's only glad he has a place where he can still be himself , and dismayed at how easily the rest of his life has been hijacked .
the man of the house ( who was now mr gray instead of mr jones ) had departed , leaving the place under the control of the thermostats , the refrigerator , the stove .
apparently there was some sort of janitor inside his head , a neatnik who had decided jonesy was going to be here for awhile and so the place ought to be at least tolerably clean .
we give the bugs a place to live and they give us something in return .
i did have an accountant i trusted , however , and it was tom riley who helped me move the few things i needed from mendota heights to our smaller place on lake phalen .
iv not long after i relocated to the place on lake phalen , the girls came to see me - the young women .
our place by the lake stood at the end of aster lane , a paved street running from east hoyt avenue to the water .
after awhile wireman said , ` ` and who do you think owns the houses between your place and this one ? ''
xv there were no boats on the horizon by the time i got back to my place , and the urge to paint had passed for the time being .
he did n't stay at your place , either ; he stayed at the ritz .
` ` edgar , i know you ' ve got a couple of days earmarked for family and friends , and i hate like hell to ask you this , but can we get together at your place this afternoon ?
` ` mr . wireman asks if you would join him and ... uh ... mr . candoori , if possible , at your place on duma key at two this afternoon .
` ` i 'll run you to your place , then drive you back here . ''
from there she could have gone right to her place on davis islands to get her home protection automatic .
iii back at the place on aster lane , my easel stood in the living room , where the light was good .
from house to professionally landscaped yard the place breathed money and care , and did n't seem to feel it needed to compensate for anything .
you kept saying it was the girl with the scars on her breasts thathad upset you , only her and nothing more , and when i tried to tell youwhat you 'd said in the kitchen - about how you and your father hadbeen alone at your place on dark score lake when the sun went out in1963 , and how he 'd done something to you - you told me to shut up.when i would n't , you tried to slap me .
this place is n't called hell house for nothing , you know .
feeling low and homesick for their old place in traynor , feeling unsure and more than a little afraid of what might be ahead , patty had gone into what was to become their bedroom and had lain down upon the mattress ( the box spring was still out in the garage , and the mattress , lying all by itself on the big carpetless floor , looked like an artifact cast up on a strange yellow beach ) .
his dad would have a lot of chores for him to do around the place today .
those were great days ... days when he had no particular place to go and consequently felt no urge to get there in a hurry .
ai n't got no money , ai n't got no home , but i got me a bottle and a dollar and a place to sleep .
` ` i do n't know what i ' m going to do around here once you 're married and have a place of your own . ''
acted like he was daddy warbucks or something , and maybe he even felt that way , giving a bunch of black privates their own place , even if it was nothing but a shed .
by the time we moved out of aunt jean 's place in la vista and got our own in omaha , i 'd put on about ninety pounds over when you guys knew me .
burns scrapwood in his stove , roofed the place with scavenged shingles and hubcaps .
yeah , he thought , walking aimlessly back down kansas street , i should have gone over to west broadway and looked at all those houses again ... the muellers ' , the bowies ' , dr hole 's place , the trackers '' - his thoughts broke off abruptly at that last name , because - speak of the devil ! -here he was , standing in front of tracker brothers '' truck depot .
` ` i 'll see you at my place , '' mike said .
these boys were not exactly allergic to work , but they had plenty to do at their own places without sweating for henry 's kooky father , who did n't much care who he hit ( he had once taken a length of stovewood to victor criss when the boy dropped a basket of tomatoes he was lugging out to the roadside stand ) .
` ` place is bigger , friends and neighbors , '' he said .
at 7:25 , with the titanic crash of the grace baptist steeple still reverberating all over derry , the janitor who came into wally 's spa every morning except sunday to swamp the place out saw something which sent him screaming into the street .
during the lead - up to the full moon - and for a few nights after - dervish 's hormones are all over the place .
` ` that 's what i call my place upcountry .
by positioning his wheelchair all the way to the left of the door , he could for the first time see the road which ran by her place , although it was really no big deal - two - lane blacktop between decaying snowbanks , shiny as sealskin and awash with rainwater and snowmelt .
i have studded tires , paul , and at my place in the hills i keep a set of 10x tire chains .
two years ago , nettle had moved into her own little place on ford street , six blocks from downtown .
` ` and i ca n't tell you ... ca n't even begin to express ... how happy it makes me to know it will have a good home , a place where someone will do more than dust it on wednesday afternoons and then , after years of that , break it in a careless moment and sweep the pieces up and then drop them into the trash without a second thought . ''
his place had two rooms : the one where he slept and the one where he did everything else .
he might start a month flat broke and end it with fifty or sixty thousand dollars tucked under the roots of the dead apple tree behind his place on cranberry bog road .
with her teacher 's desk and six smaller pupil desks in the room there was barely enough space to turn around , but sally had tried to make the place as cheery as possible , just the same .
she had written the necessary letters , attended the necessary hearings , had even found netitia cobb a place to live .
` ` i suggest you spend the daylight hours at your place in mechanic falls .
sally knew he would call , and so she had asked irene lutjens if she could spend the night at irene 's place .
want to come over to my place for a coke ?
` ` we needed a place to stay for the night . ''
we need a place to stay for a long time .
has quite a few guns at his place .
i ' m looking for a place out of the way .
the woman sitting on the couch did n't seem to be family , so i wondered how she would know about this place , so far removed from everything .
i was creeping their place and the guy started to give me some shit . ''
but he 's got a place there you would n't believe .
` ` you ' ve found another place ? ''
we played hide - and - go - seek around the place and my mother came over and got us and gave me and my sister hell for it .
` ` yeah , me and this other sad sack have got a place .
the place was a wreck even when i was a kid .
she was a big woman , but not precisely fat ; she worked too hard at keeping her place up to ever be fat .
he went to the cupboard at the head of the bed , pulled out a fresh towel , and went down to the bathroom to shower before everyone else got home from work and clogged the place .
but an interior decorator 's truck from portland had been here yesterday afternoon and most of today , and the place looked considerably different .
she spent all day sitting in the house with nothing to do but take care of the place and shoot the shit with the mailman and see that the kid did n't crawl into the oven .
' christ , is n't this place a mess .
nothing like this has ever happened at my place .
i have left you a small token of my appreciation ; someone very near and dear to one of you is now in the place where i occupied my days until i decided that other quarters might be more congenial .
they went through the place methodically - kitchen , dining nook , living room , the two bedrooms .
grimes said , ` ` we can store them at our place .
but there was no way that grimes and his men would want a vampire inside their place .
it 's funny because sometimes during the winter the central air system would kick on by accident and chill the place to near freezing .
you are in a new place where conditions have forced the three of you into a tighter family unit than ever before - certainly tighter than my own , where my wife and kids may see me for only two or three hours a day .
what play furniture might go with the place in the summer was gone , probably packed away in the equipment shed .
it was as if the whole place had been wound up with a silver key .
some of the places we had to live after your father died , you would have gone bad if there was bad in you , god knows .
if frannie needs a place to stay , this can be the place - same as it always was .
part of it was just having a place , his own place , that he was paying half the rent for .
part of it was just having a place , his own place , that he was paying half the rent for .
it was his own place , a home , goddammit , and sometimes he 'd lie awake in bed at night with yvonne sleeping beside him , and marvel at how good he felt .
someone had left the gas on in norm bruett 's house , and the day before , a spark from the air conditioner had blown the whole place sky - high , rattling lumber and shingles and fisher - price toys all over laurel street .
she described your place .
` ` digs , '' an old british expression , was just replacing ` ` pad '' or ` ` crashpad '' as an expression for the place you were living in before the superflu hit .
and since she was living in a place that was split up into seven little apartments , someone was almost always coming up the stairs .
welcome to our place . ''
and the place was the finest one he 'd ever lived in , just as it was .
` ` we 're having a little meeting tonight at my place to talk over the big meeting on the eighteenth .
` ` we dropped him off at your place on the way home .
nadine cross had been in the living room of her old place for almost five minutes , gathering things up , before she saw him sitting in the chair in the corner , naked except for his underpants , his thumb in his mouth , his strange gray - green chinese eyes watching her .
when you lived in a place and all you wanted to take out of it when you left would fit in one packsack , it had never really been yours to begin with .
i thought it might be safer , even though there 's no direct line of sight from here to harold 's place .
but he wondered if either of them would be content to stay in one place for any run of years .
the sound of the big front door opening and closing was clearly audible , and jack was struck by a terrible sense of this place 's autumn desolation .
' yeah , it 's my place , ' the man said .
we clean this place from top to bottom , bast the bastard takes the canvas overcoats up to the attic , and the box gets filled with hay from the barn .
it sounded like that monster was tearing the whole place apart with its bare hands .
the only thing that had kept jack alive this long was the maddening fact of his single nature - when the whelp flipped to a place , he was always in the analogue of the place he had left .
she was going out , away , to that place from which you never came back , not even if you were a queen in a football fieldcsized bed .
the house stark had driven him to was his house - not the winter home in ludlow , not too far from the university , but the summer place in castle rock .
moving like a man who had places to go and things to do .
he tried to think , .but he kept hearing stark telling him that if he screwed up , all he would find when he got to the summer place in castle rock would be their bodies and a tape of liz cursing him before she died .
and inside , the place was furnished in graceful ( or maybe they called it gracious ) colonial style to match the outside - a long oak table in the dining room , high handsome bureaus in the rooms upstairs , and chairs that were delicate and pleasing to the eye without being precious ; chairs you could admire and still dare to sit on .
and while i do that , you 're gon na go upstairs and pack whatever duds and other things your babies will need down at your summer place .
worse , it was coming from halfway up the stairs and she had never even heard him , although she would have said it was impossible to use the main staircase in this old place without producing all sorts of creaks and groans .
you could go in there and see as many as fifteen cars - most of them summer cars owned by people who had places on the lake - stored where the cows used to spend their nights and winter afternoons .
the point is , if he 's headed for his place down there - it seems unlikely , but the guy 's crazy , so you never know - he wo n't have arrived yet , and he 'll be there soon .
then he and mary lou left the old place together for the last time .
' i ' m sorry i ca n't come back to your place with you , ' sarah said .
he had been fine when he left her place .
we had my car and johnny drove me home to my place in veazie .
it really was n't her place .
... would you take a look out your window and tell me if everything looks , well , all right over at my place ?
johnny had called his father and told him he would find a place to sleep in castle rock ; the storm had leveled off at a single furious pitch , and driving back would be next to impossible .
if i thought they 'd stop in , i 'd fix this place up like they 'd like .
` ` we go to your place . ''
i stay over at his place about half the week , but i ' ve got my own place still . ''
i stay over at his place about half the week , but i ' ve got my own place still . ''
they were n't officially living together , but he spent more time at her place than at his own .
norton was a lawyer from new jersey and his place on long lake was only a summer cottage with no furnace or insulation .
when he was hardly more than a kid he and his brothers put up a summer place where the house now stood , and in 1938 a summer storm knocked it flat , stone walls and all .
` ` why do n't we go over to your place and cut the tree off your bird ? ''
it was impossible to see in except through the loopholes - all those fertilizer and lawn - food bags made the place look as if it were in the throes of some mad garden sale - but at each loophole there were two or three pale faces , staring out at us .
but he had stayed at the home place longer than he would have guessed ; the old , hateful memories seemed to move in their own eternal time zone .
` ` this is my place , and i love it . ''
anderson had left college the year before with her degree only two months away to move onto her uncle 's place in haven .
she went in to call his place up the road in unity .
peter also seemed restless , scratching at the door to go out and then scratching at it to come back in five minutes later , wandering around the place , lying down , then getting up again .
she walked around the place in her socks , turning off lights , and then looked out the front window .
actually bobbi 's place was still three miles away , but if he told moss that , nothing would do but that he drive gardener up there .
beach jernigan went out to justin 's place one day while justin was out harrowing up the crops in his west field ( he plowed under twelve acres of corn that day , sweating profusely , lips pulled back in a constant maniacal grimace as he worried about saving three rows of lettuces ) and dismantled the gadget , which consisted of cannibalized stereo components .
she was thinking about those sounds coming from bobbi anderson 's place ( she , at least , no longer thought of it as the old garrick farm ) , and about bobbi anderson herself .
she could hear the dim but steady rumble of machinery from the woods behind bobbi 's place .
he had a place over in troy , beach said ; a shacky little place with a woodstove and plastic over the windows .
give me the address of the place you 're staying in derry , and i 'll pick you up at nine in my personal car .
uncle frank 's place .
he and dick were in dick 's pickup truck , part of a procession of cars and trucks racing out to bobbi anderson 's place .
i 'll whitewash your fence when i get hold of you , fuckface , he thought and pushed the olds up to ninety , passing a line of slower - moving cars , all headed for bobbi 's place .
' if he calls and says he 's coming back , ' she told billy calmly , ' i ' m going to our place on captiva .
your idea of hanging fire , kirk - baby , has to do solely with sunday - afternoon chicken barbecues at your place in vermont .
she 's seventy , seventy - five , half - blind , maybe she only steps out too quick because she wants to get back to her place before she wets herself , and old bones break easy , old bones are like glass , and you hang around thinking maybe this once , just this once , there 's going to be a little justice ... an instant of justice to make up for a lifetime of crap - ' ' quit it , ' billy halleck said hoarsely , ' just quit it , what do you say ? '
he listened carefully to the clunking sound as he and vic drove down to the house at the bottom of the hill and then back up to camber 's place .
his son brett rambled the fields and woods behind the home place frequently , but he had never noticed the hole either , although on several occasions he had nearly put his foot in it , which might have earned him a broken ankle .
the whole place could fall flat and i would n't fart sideways to a dime .
it had been five years since he had lived in one place long enough to get completely unpacked .
was it possible that donna might just take the kid and decamp , maybe to her mother 's place in the poconos ?
joe got to work , thinking how quiet the home place seemed with charity and brett gone ... and with cujo gone .
it was n't her house , not her place .
she could think of no one she could reasonably ask to go up to their place with a flashlight and hunt up cujo and make sure he was okay .
for a little bit she had n't been sure if they would be able to keep the place , or even if they should try to keep it .
brett had slept on it , and it had turned out that what he wanted was what she wanted - to keep the home place .
as i agonized over what had happened and worried about what was to come , i sat with them at the kitchen table in the los feliz house where i sometimes lived , a place that was usually full of warmth and memories of good times for anna and me .
` ` let 's wash up , eat , and find a place to stay . ''
* * * on the drive to brice 's place , i told anna not to mention anything at all about her uncle and his friend visiting or being sick .
maybe their other place at the observatory was more homey .
she 's seen men like him before , dangerous because they ' ve already come back from places these other , convivial men have never been , and the souvenirs they bring back from those places exist everywhere in them , in their wet ruddy eyes and under their fingernails and in the dark patina on their very skin .
inside , the house looks like something she 's seen in movies - metalwork frilly like lace , the whole place kingly and oblivious .
but maury and i , we got places to be .
the dining room looks like it has been untouched for years - as though the tenants of the place had evaporated just prior to the dinner hour .
he squinted at the bumper - to - bumper saturday traffic that was heading places from the suburban two - story ranch - style homes that had recently crowded a floodplain between the edge of the city and the backside of the mountains to the north .
he could nt wait to get his own place .
he really needed his own place .
so tom , their father began , when are you going to get your own place ?
i m getting my own place before the year is up !
he saw that shed taken a buggy out to his place .
ill check the rest of the fence for anymore tears , but that means i wo nt be coming out to your place tomorrow until afternoon .
well , he is itching to get his own place , and that place happens to be a good distance from his parents .
well , i ' m just not sure i want him around the place , that 's all . '
i really will have to have a drive over to your place , one of these days .
so i merely had to shift the un - ironed washing that had been left in the basket on the kitchen table for the last five days and i thought the place unusually clean .
all the surfaces are shiny new and sparkling , like jesus ' own momma came and cleaned the place up for guests , and now all that extra light is getting reflected back over again .
but when these flickers and fragments came to pass , unseen by samson who was tapping at a keyboard and fixated on a screen , iapetus v observed something disheartening about the place samson might have once called home .
it was actually the big old house that was originally two houses down the block from our place .
once inside they said nothing , daphne and ron looking about the place as if they were inspecting a hotel room and deciding whether to take it or not .
the landlord was clearly neither a handyman nor an interior decorator , unless of course he had specifically designed the place to give off a certain shabby air .
michelle knew from callie that they lived in a two story log home in show lowor rather , in its slightly tonier suburb , pinetopand that the place was neither a cabin nor a showplace .
we just have to get callies mom out of the way , and find a place .
the trip to his place was nt far .
his place was nt really a room , it was more a suite .
it looked liked someones mother was about to arrive , the place was immaculatefor boysno clothes on the floor , no dishes in the sink , and it did nt smell bad .
ill give one of you a ride back to my place , its about eight miles .
if you go with him , you have to sit on his lap and he could take you anywhere and say its the way to his place .
and at his place , he could have twelve brothers dying to meet a gorgeous babe like you .
we were at my place , ralphy and me .
when i walked back to my place with monica , i turned around as i held the door open for her and i saw him , or her , again .
ill drive to the east parking lot and walk to your place .
i closed the door to my place , took off my coat and fell down on the sofa with my jacket .
what it means is , there are a lot of free loaders that are getting money and places to live and food and free medicine and doctor services they do nt work for .
we were all over the place : along highway 13 , the iron triangle , up in the michelin .
i always tried to leave a place at least as clean as i found it .
as he swam down to the old house , he saw that through the gaping holes of windows and fractured doorways there were lamps and lights ; yes , the whole place was lit up as if for some fairy masquerade .
` ` why , she done cooked and cleaned my house from the top right down to the bottom , and my wife , she s been ashamed to set foot in the place ever since . ''
why were you at her place last night or was she at yours ?
maybe it should , but i mean hell , i lived with my mom , cory already lived by herself , and it was nt like we were going to need a two bedroom place .
louie , can we stop of at your place just for a moment before we get back to the factory ?
after breakfast louie phoned pearl and arranged that they fly up to her place about 9.30 a.m .
lulu and i will come up to your place at 8.00 a.m. if that suits you pearl .
the next day , poor cyril turned up at mr mcfarlands place to clean up the driveway .
well pearl , said louie laughing , we must take these two back home before they completely wreck your place .
apart from wrecking your place they are getting hungry !
how about say thursday 10.00 a.m. , i could call in at your place first .
see you on thursday at 10.00 a.m. at your place , you are not to worry , that s an order !
in the second book louie and his friends discover an unbelievably wonderful place to live .
i ran to his place around the corner and knocked on his door .
within about a fortnight , the place stank and we had to draw up some rules to prevent us from getting a warning from the cleaners for not keeping things tidy .
i want to see your place , she told him .
he stops by n.j.s place , hoping to talk .
she invited him back to her place , where she played her favorite albums and showed him pictures of her youth , growing up on the island .
i stayed with my friend who lives on eighty - eighth and lexington in this tiny place she claims is a one bedroom but is really just a glorified studio with a pullman kitchen .
you should see the place she has , he says , his voice lighting up .
tomorrow , man , he says , then opens hatties door without knocking and strides in , like the place is his own .
the last time he stepped out , his place was broken into and hambone was dognapped .
he needed a cheap place to live , a place to launch his lifes endeavor , once he finally determined what it was .
he needed a cheap place to live , a place to launch his lifes endeavor , once he finally determined what it was .
after fifteen minutes of negotiations , sofar and hatfield agreed on a lease of forty - two dollars , with sofar building the place out , making repairs , improving .
like re - flooring the place , getting a new refrigerator ?
setting the place on fire , definitely , he said .
we can get started on your place tuesday , hatfield told him when he stopped by at five forty - five .
it got worse : a can of pink paint was spilt outside of sofars front door ; the master fuse for his apartment , the one located in the basement of the building , went missing four times ; random phone calls in the middle of the night would wake him ; a foul odor of rotting , like that of death and cabbage stew , hovered in the hall out front of his place .
his place was a mess , all his items , including his hummels , smashed or stolen .
why s your place a mess ?
i want you to find your own place , he tells his son .
he needs a job , needs to start looking for a place to live .
i stopped by his place yesterday , but he did nt answer the door .
you ll have a place to live , food , family .
the place was even more of a mess that she had remembered it .
he remembered him mostly as a lonely child with a vivid imagination and lots of energy who was always running around the place leading a cavalry charge or slaying dragons .
why do you think the old man left the place to foster ?
i know this place is his , and he s free to do with it as he pleases so long as he lets the rest of us live here .
it had its usual assortment of criminals and baked wackosjipson did nt get a lot of nice people wanting to eat at his place .
juan was so excited when we got to his place that he could barely get his keys in the lock .
i need to get her to my place , get out of the way .
want to go back to your place for some dessert , hon ?
he had gone ahead and cleaned her dishes , vacuumed her house and even dusted the whole place in an effort to keep busy while he waited on her .
she jogged with him to her place and let him in .
i know you have the money to rent your own place .
its a lost secret rule , no adults can sleep at a kids place without guardian supervision .
thanks for letting us sleep at your place .
the water at our place does n't look so healthy .
come to my place or go to rebeccas .
so long , i am off to find a new place .
the city was home , the place where he lived , which he d left under circumstances he found difficult now to bring to mind .
which at least got him a place to stay for the night , a bed in which she practised tongue knots and thigh swirls .
dinner was a smashing success , aside from the trashy new info i 'd accidentally gleaned about ken jr . emma was kind enough to drop me off at my place afterwards , at which time i gave her $ 20 for gas and her precious time .
vern has this gorgeous mouse , she said to her sister , his place was burgled and they stole its cage .
i thought he might be at your place .
he 's probably at your place looking for you .
she was at my place , when you were under the bed .
when i was at your place , said almeric , a note of accusation in his voice .
you could ' ve stolen some milk , or brought something from your place .
it 's too early for milk , vern answered , and it 's too late to bring anything from my place .
also , it had been his desire to move , oz had gone along with it , and chucking up her job had moved with him without complaint to a place she knew absolutely nothing about .
he s got nothing to go on , this is my brothers place .
you have a place to go .
this was especially true since some of the gold miners had decided to become vagrants after they saw how much easier life would be that way , with free meals and a place to sleep at night that was out of the cold and rain .
they called on the mayor and town council to fire him , since they said he 'd probably be out to farmer jones ' place all the time and not do his job anymore .
i sent sarah what i had on bananas , gathered up my stuff , shut down my computer and ran home to clean up my place and myself .
its usually tidy but there were some dishes in the sink and some clothes scattered on my bedroom floor , and the whole place could have used a vacuum .
i threw dan mangans latest album on the old cracked ipod attached to my stereo , and ran around making the place look tidy .
we left my place , walking down the curved path to the main road .
i just have to stop by my place ; i m at the ymca , at the end of the road .
connor reached into my bag to find a pair of his own boxers , an old , shrunken pair that i had stolen after i 'd unexpectedly spent the night at his place .
i went back to my place ; i did one more search just to be sure i would nt wake up with a raccoon snuggled in my bed .
we arrived at my place , having not said a word to each other the entire ride .
i share a place in corktown with three of my friends .
and then he was back at my place and just as i thought some fantasy had come to life he asked me to put on pantyhose .
pieces of furniture i expected to see were no longer there , the walls were a little bare and the whole place had been rearranged .
i toured around while my dad proudly commented on what he had decided to do with his place .
how s your place ?
the night was nt that cold and we were well bundled , so we decided to walk the half hour back to his place .
it was my day off and because all the working schedules are all over the place , none of my friends were off .
fred offered to drop me off on their way to his place , an offer i gladly accepted .
it was twenty minutes to my place .
lets just head back to my place .
you do nt have to worry , i can get myself to your place , but are you free tonight ?
ill come to your place , drop my things off , and then we can go out for dinner .
it ll be nice to have a place to visit in italy , i ca nt wait to come and see you there .
because of dads undisguised loathing of her , mrs simpson was scared to death of him and would stay well clear of our place if he was likely to be home .
i m taking my sister back to my parents place and there s no room for you in my car with all her stuff .
stacie would stay on in new york with her aunt and uncle until she got her own place .
i could nt show up at moos place pissed off .
the only room in the entire place that did nt feel like a catalogue spread was moos bedroom .
my real reason for stopping by was to find joe , a homeless man who started working for the kitchen in order to have a warm place to stay last winter and stayed on through the year , scrubbing pots and occasionally cooking .
every sound , every scratch , every rattle of the wind against the single - paned windows made my heart jump up to my throat where it remained lodged until i could thoroughly scope out my place and ensure dr . pervo was nt hiding under my bed .
he was so kind and gentlehe even took me back to his place to meet sandy .
you went back to his place ?
i was already falling in love with the comfort and cleanliness of her place .
anyway , do you want me to keep watchin your place ?
um i just picked up some things from my place and joe told me that pervos been lurking around my building .
there were bachelor pad qualities to the place ( the giant tv and entertainment system and a pool table ) , but it was also the home of a grown man .
maybe i should come crash at your place tonight ?
i realized he was back on the idea of coming over to my place .
its just for a minute i m gon na go up , check out your place to make sure everythings okay , and then ill come and move the car .
coming back to my place , he answered .
wait until your place is stocked up tight with his expensive gifts and then dump his ass !
he likely saw the cops at her place and is spooked .
moo lived in the same building as caleb , so i suppose i had ulterior motives in going to her place instead of mine .
that s funny , i being the one who s been kidnapped and dragged around this place by force .
he would have tried to escape except for the fact that he did nt know how he kept getting places and was not even sure how to get back , although sometimes running free amongst the streets of southern california as a ghost seemed to make a lot of sense .
halfway around the world in the sleepy little town of canudos , brazil a shiver went down the spines of cats looking for a place to take a nap .
its a lovely place you have here , he said trying to back - peddle his way out of his last statement .
in dana ploughs case , if a gaggle of men had broken into her place there would nt be this much jollity ; it was nt what one would call a happy house .
the place was spotlessly clean , no dust , everything from vases to the grand piano in harmony with its surroundings , perfectly balanced , each item of furniture , every picture and ornament complementing its neighbour as well as those objects and features across the room .
say five guys in peaked caps bursting in through the windows spraying the place with high - velocity bullets .
i do n't have any money or a place to stay , said pagan .
i was amazed he did nt choke , seeing that the place had been closed up without the benefit of a broom or a dust rag for the past six months .
tweaky lived right around the corner from scott , so we d have to pass by his place to get to hers .
i can walk home from your place .
the sadness he and mom felt when they signed the final paperwork , however , was somewhat eased by the big wad of cash they received ... more than quadruple what they d originally paid for the place .
i ' ve heard she has men up to her place .
they searched your place and found some kind of outfit that the doorman identified . ''
i got back to my place shortly after nine .
someones got in there and torn the place up .
i did nt know what to do , but then a wonderful winning argument formed in my head , one to guarantee free drinks and a place to sleep .
having recently got hold of a chemical weapon through ebay , perhaps i was no longer in a position to judge exactly what a good idea was anymore , but i m sure drunkenly bursting into a brothel in the middle of night , wearing nothing but a dressing gown and asking for a place to kip was nt the smartest of ideas .
i can see in the dark at my place , said duncan .
you can be sure a caravan has never been a real option as a place to live for him .
` ` of course she did n't need it you ' ve been out to her place , have n't you ? ''
` ` i ' m doing this just to ruin your place a bit , '' vannard replied and ducked under another blast .
at once he felt like an unwelcome guest in this place that before seemed almost home , almost like family .
by amalgamating the collective perception of these tiny beasts i can see and hear places other megalomaniacs can only dream of .
hormones all over the place , growth spurts for no reason .
... ... due to the assets you generated for me the least i can do is offer you a place to come to terms with your new life .
it 's a lot like our place . ''
` ` is n't your place the same as brick and spiritwind 's from the last planet ? ''
* * * like understanding the interior workings of his own mind , interior decorating was not ishmails forte and apart from the photograph and the beanbags , two weeks after signing the deeds and accepting the keys , the place looked as bare as if it were still on the market .
apart from the stark cleanliness , the rooms were ordinary enough except for one thing : there was a profusion of stuffed cushions , soft toys and teddy bears about the place .
what if i like my place looking like this ?
clearing his throat , he said , its my brothers place .
true , he also never brought anyone back to his place .
he watched as her mouth did the open - closed guppy thing again , all the while taking in the detail of her place .
it was the crack of dawn and her place looked like the maid had just been through it .
she did nt need tamara reporting back to her father how jaya had some one night - stand staying at her place .
while the tests were running , she 'd given him a place to stay and looked out for him , kept royce away from him , keeping him safe until the truth could be determined .
but the properties were gorgeous and max 's place was no different .
he never came over to her place .
he d given serious thought to going to her place last night and telling her the no sex with him rule was stupid .
of course her sister would turn this place into a girly fortress .
she had n't even known he was coming but her whole place was this pin neat ?
of course , tonight , he and jaya would have to sleep at his place because of the fumes , but he did nt think she 'd mind .
you could be running your own place or something .
when i went back to my place , it was being searched .
he was visiting someone in town and needed a place to stay .
sabra is giving us a place to stay , nora snapped .
well , let 's go show our support for skipper in the costume contest and then we can go back to my place and get some sleep .
it 's so nice of her to let us crash at her place for our gig .
my place is a mess , and the neighborhood has got kind of a reputation for too many student parties and occasionally violence .
i think it 's a pretty justified reputation , but my place is cheap and there 's a lot of inspiration .
but meanwhile , i m going to start looking for a new place to live in salt lake .
doug hated the holiday party , and especially hated people walking around his house touching his stuff and dirtying the place .
i need to go to northwestern hospital , or you can drop me by your place and ill catch a cab closer to downtown .
finding a place to go would only be one battle in an entire war .
two sometimes three times a week , a deserter would take the road beside her cabin and knock on her door to request food and a place to rest for the night .
you know as well as i that there are places even he can not go .
that 's odd , she thought , she had been at lighthouse point a couple of times this evening , and there were only a couple of dwellings on that point , mickey 's lighthouse and bella 's parents ' place next door .
as soon as she waved her farewells to mickey and that lovely girl della , as they drove back to her hotel , she went back to her place to consult with her daddy .
` ` i ' m coming over to your place now and i 'll blow della off in the morning , like you insist , so long as it 's christmas dinner on you .
then he followed up with ` ` i ' m coming over to your place now and i 'll blow della off in the morning , like you insist , so long as it 's christmas dinner on you .
` ` you did n't do anything wrong and she 's gradually been dropping down the list ever since so she should fall off the end one of these days , especially when she gets used to staying up at our place to baby - sit her grandkids ! ''
he comes here or we go to his place , alright ?
he runs through the things that they can and ca nt do , which boil down to keeping the place in good order and paying the rent on time .
and then i come down the stairs and i say , lets clean the place up , because its just too much !
anyway , its been really class coming up here and seeing your place .
barry meanwhile was living in the punk house , though indeed there was only one punk present in that place ( boke too much alliteration ) and two non - punks himself and emmett .
erwan glanced about , trading notes on the state between this place and the pink house .
there , she found the place silent , the bathroom door locked , and when it was forced , george dead inside .
however , as expected , the arrangement was much the same as in my own place and probably over the whole estate .
` ` what 's wrong with our place ? ''
vib did it for food -- and for a warm , safe place to live ( real estate ) .
maybe i should contact green , tell her where we were and then we could probably find a place to stay for night .
i also requested for a place to stay , along with equipment to arm myself before a chauffeur would come pick us up and send us back to the head quarters .
` ` we need to find a place to stay , '' he said .
everything here was way neater than my place !
usually in my day offs i would just hang out at my boyfriend 's place and watch him play counter strike and war of the lords , or whatever , all day .
the way she fashioned her smoky eyes made the blue in them stand out more , the rouge lipstick she always wore before we messed it up prior to leaving my place was now put to greater use as it complemented her fair skin quite well .
i told him we had to go because the whole place was coming down from the fire , the rescue team was by the window on a helicopter ready to go .
its not as simple as just offering them a place to eat and sleep .
its only a one story house , but it looks like there are four bedrooms in this place .
if there were no houses left , there would be no place for her to stay .
a maid - like addition would give this place a touch more class .
below the window sill , a pink shade mae west lip sofa fetched at auction house christies for forty three thousand dollars , gave the place an uplifting , unserious , glamorous look .
we might be able to relocate find another place , but it would be a nightmare , and take ages and i doubt it would ever be the same .
quite recovered , harry set about putting the place in order , and , at length , the governor appeared at the door to drop off the papers , his two spaniels in hand , ready for their morning constitutional .
they burnt my place to the ground , last time .
finally getting to march out of the water a few long and weary miles downstream from charlie 's place was a blessing , even if i could hardly move by that point .
i can leave the bandit camp , sell this in town and get enough money to buy a place of my own there .
it 'd be a shame if your new place got reduced to rubble too .
breaking him down sounds a lot better than having a few explosions a day at my place .
this place is way too old to take much of a battering anymore .
my house defenses just got holed so i ' m off to fix this place up a little .
she needs a safe place to stay .
it almost did nt look real , like something she would only see in a picture or painting , like a place a princess or starlet might live .
her red laptop was on the desk where she left it along with mail strewn all over the place ; mostly letters from colleges .
the room keys were all lined up with little post it notes on the ottoman in the hallway and the only apparent signs of life about the place were the two emphysemic hounds from hell and a rather large rat - catcher of a farm cat .
having moved about so often , merlot felt completely free of any earthly attachment ; he was bound to no place whatsoever , so a cheap hotel was as good as anywhere ; but of course , it had to have some basic level of service .
the penthouse was gorgeous , it was spaceous and clean and luxurious , a place difficult to leave or ignore in its lush splendor .
you two are welcome to crash at my place .
my hairs bigger than hers and i just got my nails done so i will be able to sell your place faster .
he s got no place to go .
karl told me they lived about an hour and away near orlando and used an agency to rent their place to vacationers .
ill call you when i m done and we can meet at bobbi and jacks , go to your place and see what we can find .
chapter eight we were back in eds car , heading to my place when he asked me , ok . who s this guy , horton and what do you think he knows ?
i was actually thinking of maybe inviting her to stay at my place you mean she s thinking of staying down here ?
lets drive over to your place , go bug hunting and see what we find .
well , i m going to park in front of your place and were going in your side door , the one that leads directly into your office .
maybe they bugged her place too .
the place felt different without mariel there , like i was in someone elses home .
i also handled corkys new york townhouse and her place in key west .
she s agreed to move into your place .
you think there s a case to be made against horton for killing ray and breaking into your place , even though you say he was out of town at the time .
at your place , bugging my office even though he was away during the break - in and when ray died .
and this makes sense to you because , even though we do nt think horton burgled your place , he may have killed ray and whoever did burgle your place and bugged mine has to have some connection to the trade secret thefts and the only whoever we can identify with a connection is ben horton .
and this makes sense to you because , even though we do nt think horton burgled your place , he may have killed ray and whoever did burgle your place and bugged mine has to have some connection to the trade secret thefts and the only whoever we can identify with a connection is ben horton .
he was just sitting there , not really doing anything , except maybe watching your place .
it got us warrants , and then we found enough at hortons place and in his bank records to make the theft charges .
yesterday , i was next door prepping my clients place for the rehearsal dinner party and saw the alarm company truck here .
it seemed they got here a lot faster than they got to my place when i called them .
i think it ties in with the break - in at my place and maybe with horton and ray kenwood .
like when i was going through my last divorce , i was working some big cases , dealing with the break up and looking for a new place to live all at once .
drop me at my place and how about we meet later for lunch at bobbi and jacks .
someone made a run at corky , planted bugs , stole the notebook , searched my place , rays place and killed horton .
ever since he learned a clients computer was the target of the break - in at your place , he s known you were nt telling him everything .
i say that because at some point , someone broke into ray kenwoods home and tossed the place .
they already stole the computers from my place , so we know that s one place they would go .
ill tell ed i m coming over to your place at say , three oclock to get them .
the d. a. is going to tell ed hell be at my place in two hours to take custody of it .
and what sort of person was too involved in pressing matters to be involved in petty activities like tidying up the place ?
the gardeners would be in three times a week , but today was thursday , so he would have the place to himself .
weeds grew out of the roof tiles and had blocked the guttering , so the rain water was forced to spill out and run down the walls leaving dark , streaky stains as if the place had been crying .
he marvelled at the sheer size of the place , its innumerable rooms , the extensive grounds , the rows of cars in the garage , the whitewashed and immaculate staff quarters .
this is myras place .
so to cheer the place up , to modernise it , to leave his mark , harvey had added a large , leather , ultra modern executive swivel chair , a glass and stainless steel side desk cluttered with all the latest technological advances , and by the door a water dispenser , clear and cool , exactly like the one in his city office .
certain members of the household would avoid others , and a tacit silence would fall over the place until harvey showed signs of improvement .
we can wait for you , dude , if you want us to drop you off at your place , said saul .
not everyone has great parents or a loving place to live .
` ` this place is just an overpriced thing , selena , not a home .
but michelangelo has no truth , just a big load of overweight mommas and fleshy hunks lolling about the place with half their kit off , the other half hiding what i suspect is the real truth that he is hiding from us .
giacomo went off to the familys restaurante down the street looking puzzled while harper collapsed into a chair , war - torn , looking like a moldy old piece of cheese that has been lying about the place for ages or a piece of dog shit in the road that had been run over by loads of cars .
i was relieved when she quickly asserted that i could stay at her place , as i did nt actually have a plan b. elizabeth also noted that she frequently was forced by necessity to sleep at the hospital , so i would likely be at the apartment more than she would .
we decided on a course of action : i would stop by jons , quickly box up the essentials , then head to her place .
likewise , my stomach flipped at the thought of quinn finding me , carrying me out the second story room , and taking me to his sisters place , all while i was blacked out .
instead , it was settled that jon , steven , and i would all have dinner together tomorrow night at a new ethiopian restaurant near my place .
windows were framed with sheer burgundy curtains , and beautiful oil landscapes , of what i assumed were the french countryside , added intimate elegance without making the place feel cluttered or like an art museum .
i live with my friend elizabeth ; you met her at that bar the night youum , well this is her place , and i m just crashing hereon the couch , actuallyuntil we find a new place big enough for both of us .
i live with my friend elizabeth ; you met her at that bar the night youum , well this is her place , and i m just crashing hereon the couch , actuallyuntil we find a new place big enough for both of us .
she and her husband are downsizing ; they want to move out of their house now that all their kids are gone , and she talked to me about helping her find a place near work so she would nt have to commute .
i m visiting chicago , and i need a place to stay for a few days .
i learned a bit more about quinn as a consequence of spending the night at his place ; he does nt really sleep , he exercises every morning , he eats pastries for breakfast .
just last week , which was the last time janie and i had spent the night at their place , elizabeth made passive aggressive remarks about my inability to make a good cup of coffee .
come on ; the sooner we go eat that horse , the sooner we can go back to your place .
i want you all to relax , make yourself at home and treat this place as though its your own .
he is invited to have a quick look round the place to make sure everything is in order and the pair are soon reunited in the simple comfort of the cosy living room .
you and myra should have a place of your own , you should be thinking about raising a family , i do nt want to be an old granny ; i mean , i m going to be forty - three next month , for christs sake .
he was right , of course ; i would like my own place some day and when i became a star of the theatre i d probably have an apartment in the west end , which would cost a small fortune .
someone like you needs a place that s a bit more , well , unique .
perhaps i could stay with you until i find a place .
apparently , the chief executive was due to visit us tomorrow and she was frantically trying to tidy the place up .
despite being phased by the news that nick had thrust upon him , he d had his wherewithals about him when he d pulled into his place on the way to the hamilton house .
driving down the road to his parents place , he saw a student , probably returning from a night out , wearing only a t - shirt .
right now can you get me a cab for two people from my place to ... he looked over at lady who was not sheepishly holding the bed sheet .
when you offer her a lift home , she says , lets go back to your place .
and when she said lets go back to your place , her voice , husky with desire , sent a thrill through him right to his backbone and gave him a strange feeling in the back of his throat cut !
so you re going to her place .
you d better be at her place by six in case they decide to eat out first .
his parole appointment was the next priority then finding a place to stay .
i ve got to collect my things from carlenes parents and find a place to stay tonight .
no , indya , you can keep it , i think it will be much happier at your place .
dinner at your place , mate ?
even when they re at her place !
well harry , a friend told us about your place .
it was bathed in the same red light that she had seen at harrys place .
and he did tell me and another of my friends about harrys place .
my place is a bit of a mess , not really fit for visitors .
ill have to come round here and clean this place up , she nagged him .
then when it seemed the whole place would be shaken to pieces , crux as steady as a military march , walked the holy hex to a gap above his throne and inserted it with a click heard above the chaotic noise .
you will not be surprised to learn the air is of a temperature fit for satans home place , and moreover , a steak might cook to tenderness on the roof .
sometimesafter you ve signed a waiverill take you to griffith park observatory , and then throw you over the side of the cliff if you survive , and can make it back to my place with no money , a broken leg and torn clothing , i might have something .
several lawsuits targeting high - fat , high carbohydrate foods in the cafeteria , a poorly conceived battle re - enactment , a mural featuring the stars and bars , some questions of scholarship regarding research on the house , along with a ban on cursing , had tied up the place in post - bellum knots .
my fantasy took me away to a place where i laid on the couch and snapped my fingers as he refilled my champagne flute with dom perignon in between trips to the kitchen where he sweated like a pig moving from the stove to the counter tops and back to the oven to ensure everything would be done to perfection .
after a fabulously romantic date we returned to my place for a night cap and things got quite amorous .
the place was hardly shoddyhe was no conmanbut it certainly was nt lavish .
one small consolation was that the place we were staying had three cats and a dog that belonged to the owners .
but i m thinkin we ought to be moseyin on into town and findin us a place to eat .
i sure hope you ve helped mr . mcdougal find us a place to do it in .
how about my place , tony ?
a place to sleep and a meal a day is about all we need .
they knew one of their bros had offered the nns a place to stay , and that s where they were now .
we got a use for you back at our place .
the syamf boys are building a new place out in the woods , away from the interstate .
pulling into the waffle house parking lot and looking through the windows , he saw at least three guys who had been part of the show the night he convinced them it was in their own best interest to burn their place down .
all i need from you is a ride over to her place and for you to tell a small white lie .
an ax murderer would chose to live in an unassuming homey but junky little place like that house gluey was in .
a very new stereo was about the only modern thing he had in the whole place .
i have these two men chasing me and i think that they 'll figure out who i am and be waiting for me at my place .
the place is a mess and stuffed with junk .
george helped him find an extra mattress for the place when they d moved in almost a month ago .
it seemed they had the place to themselves .
though ida did nt see people in the neighborhood and thought they had the place to themselves , zach knew there to be plenty of hidden eyes watching their every move .
i walked down from my place on east eighty - second street and then east on east seventy - second street , bound for a very tall apartment building on the southwest corner at york avenue .
its a big place , a couple of bedrooms , close to the slopes .
at a little after five oclock , we fled the office , separately , a minute apart , met outside a hundred feet uptown from the lobby entrance , and cabbed it to her parking garage near her place on the lower east side .
then she looked at me again , as if searching for yet another past life in me , and then surprised the hell out of me by saying , you want to come back to my place ?
i imagined myself going with some deep - seated male instinct and saying , sure , lets go to your place !
the only thing we could think of was to go back to her place , which also was the only thing we wanted to do .
i thought of my place as an italian micro - villa .
well go to your place , added kelly , but we wo nt stay long .
i covered our tab with a handful of cash and walked out , agreeing that dee and kelly should follow me to my place in their rented car .
my place looked fabulous at night when the lights were on .
i did nt feel like dropping her off at her place .
i could nt think of anything else but to offer laurie a real sanctuary , momentarily anyway : my place .
my parents place !
until i found a place of my own , my residence was a friends spare bedroom in an apartment in san franciscos nob hill neighborhood .
two weeks after moving into my own place , i looked up cathys number and called her to say hi .
cathy was glad to see me and gestured me in and , in the same breath , asked me about the ride to her place .
the ninety - minute drive back to my place in the heart of napa valley was delightful .
i like my life , i love my husband , i enjoy eating great food and drinking excellent burgundy , and charleston is a beautiful place to live .
just five years ago , they would have been able to afford a four - bedroom place in temecula with a pool in the back and a nice view of the hills .
i pick her up at the airport and we go straight back to my place and boff all night .
after that he sharecropped his place until he was just plain tired of it all , and so they moved to the town into a little house near the church that his wife had saved to purchase .
his chest hurt like hell and he was about to run a hose from the exhaust to the front seat and roll up the windows when at the last moment he thought of one place that would welcome him , a place that had long been fitted for a man in his current state .
his chest hurt like hell and he was about to run a hose from the exhaust to the front seat and roll up the windows when at the last moment he thought of one place that would welcome him , a place that had long been fitted for a man in his current state .
maybe , with luck , jane would even let him stay at her place .
she wanted to leave before it got dark and she asked gordy to stay at her place .
she told me just before i left her place this morning .
we went back to her place .
i know before you go show me all of munich we could go back to our place , if its really so cold like you say ... our place , she had said .
i know before you go show me all of munich we could go back to our place , if its really so cold like you say ... our place , she had said .
finding a place to eat or movie show times for date night , boom iphone .
i tried not to pay attention to her and went searching for a safe place to stay until we figured out what our next move was .
i m looking for a new place to live , and london seemed like a good place to start looking .
it was nt as good for the dog as when shim was house - sitting , because he used that as an excuse for not laboring at the new book ; but it still was pretty good , because laleh liked to explore her new place by herself , just her and the dog .
he stood outside the apartment door , deciding whether to tell the big guy or not , distracted by the ephemeral and nagging idea of someday diverting one of the vs to his place , his bed .
yousef said , i do nt know if there s one here , but my parents have some at their place .
but basically were looking for a place to sleep for the night .
lewy looked at his buddies , then back to jinny and said , you want to invite us into your place ?
barry had been in the same boat as me until a couple of years back when he struck lucky and managed to convince mandy , the girl who took the coats at the bingo hall , that having him move into her place and eat all her food for the rest of her life was a good idea .
i told her proudly that i did have my own place , paid for by me , and i added , i m allowed to have anyone i like over .
after i d sat at thirty - five tables for two minutes each and given my all trying to impress every single woman there ( and hopefully persuade one to come back to my place ) i waited in a quiet corner of the bar while the forms we d all filled in were looked through for a match .
its about time i see a man coming out of your place chloe .
i d rather eat here with them than at your place .
he did nt automatically invite me to his place .
so , where do you want to meet her for lunch , because you will not pick her up at her place .
he stuck his head out the door and said , if i would ve gone there , mama would ve said , i did nt have any place to go when y all were babies .
it was consensual we had lunch , saw an early movie and then went back to her place .
i was going to wait until i got back to my place .
you can either stay here with me tonight or i m staying at your place .
chapter twenty - seven the drive back to my place felt menacing .
i think whoever hid it had to hide it close to the door where more light comes in because if you notice , this place has no electricity .
i was just here to i ' m just spending a few nights in the city , i have a small place , i ' m just working here .
the harpers , who lived in a red brick ranch house about a hundred yards from our place , had five kids , all strong and outdoorsy .
i told matt she had already rented another place and would not need the apartment anymore , and that i had my keys back , and that was about all matt wanted to hear .
heidi he s upset , of course , i understand i interrupted her , if you had seen the scene he caused at my place yeah , he said justin kicked him practically from one room to another !
why do nt you come around to my brothers place when i m out ?
when i went for the interview , there was only ron there , and the place looked so sparse with only that desk and filing cabinet that i thought he was the only person at gp & a .
you went there tonight because she had nt been answering your phone calls , found the place in a state of violent disarray with the lady in question missing , and you drove back to your house to call the police .
i could nt do it on my own ; i felt so tired already and i did nt even have a place to sleep now that my house was off - limits to me , nevermind a place to think .
once the panic of discovering his family had abandoned him subsided , he realized he had the place to himself ; snacks anytime he wanted , tv to any channel , and no room in the house off - limits .
now look here , i do nt want the police at my place tonight .
half of us think your grandfather is going to come after us again , about the hermitage heist , and the other half think we scared him off with our visit to his place .
was nt easy knowing four women in bikinis had invaded his place of residence ; seeing four babes sitting in his living room , his bosss living room , waving guns around .
he invited them to breakfast at his place , and they accepted .
when they arrived roger noted that jinnys new home was much more modest than the place where roger had braced him a year ago .
they wanted a place , not for the entire year , but for the three or four months during the winter .
on their own they started looking for a place to live that they could afford .
but he was tired , thirsty and footsore and he desperately wanted a place to stay .
first edition : november 2012 for julie and mcclane i am still living with your ghost lonely and dreaming of the west coast i do n't want to be your downtime i do n't want to be your stupid game with my big black boots and an old suitcase i do believe i 'll find myself a new place i do n't want to be the bad guy i do n't want to do your sleepwalk dance anymore i just want to see some palm trees i will try and shake away this disease we can live beside the ocean leave the fire behind swim out past the breakers watch the world die i am still dreaming of you face hungry and hollow for all the things you took away i do n't want to be your good time i do n't want to be your fall - back crutch anymore i 'll walk right out into a brand new day insane and rising in my own weird way i do n't want to be the bad guy i do n't want to do your sleepwalk dance anymore i just want to feel some sunshine i just want to find some place to be alone we can live beside the ocean leave the fire behind swim out past the breakers watch the world die as he sat propped up on his bed , clutching his prescription bottle of oxycontin in his brittle hand , mark briggs thought back to a time before his life had derailed .
let 's find a place to stay first , '' daniel said , ignoring brad and his terrible vocal abilities and the debate about the stupid lyrics .
i asked if i could stay at her place for a while and she said absolutely .
` ` well , so they tell me to keep a look out for any bums hanging out near my place .
she told me they would be by tomorrow to pick me up when i was discharged and take me to their place so i could heal up fully before i got back to work .
find us a place to stay .
go find us a place to stay . ''
so , i guess , one night when brad is out of town filming a movie , this crazy lady breaks into their place up in hollywood and kills his wife .
brad would need to get rid of that stupid homo - eroti - car parked in his garage in case the real police started snooping around his place , though .
the house was a modestly furnished little place , it reminded me of a college kids house when he moves into his own place for the first time .
the house was a modestly furnished little place , it reminded me of a college kids house when he moves into his own place for the first time .
all the time they thought he was a ladies man because of all the women coming and going from his place , but it just turned out to always be the dude in drag .
this place has gone to the dogs the humans in my house have me pretty well figured out and so we , for the most part , work around my schedule when i am home .
he has lived in wyomissing , pennsylvania with his wife , three children and two moronic canines since 2007 ... this is a record amount of time for them in one place .
both activities comprise something you do because you think it will take you some place else , some place you ve always dreamed of being .
i ' m not saying you guys are n't adaptable , or that the old place did n't need a lot of work .
we could get her a place to stay tonight , if she does n't have one yet , and the two of you could meet up in the morning and go down to paris .
here she was , yet again , in yet another unfamiliar place , but at least someone had taken the trouble to make this house look and feel homey , without making it too cluttered for safety .
so , anyway , he and this woman , probably a servant or a secretary i think , get out at a place you know he do n't live at , like probably it 's one of them holiday places that tries to look like it 's part of the neighborhood .
going to work was very important to lanie , not so much because of the money ( which she needed , of course ) , and not because it gave her something to do ( which was nice ) , but because it gave her a place she belonged .
i ' ve found us a new place , too .
that meant my last hope was this unusual offer from an even stranger man to drive out to his place far in the country to see about the unknown job .
the place was quiet but for a consistently irritating noise from upstairs that sounded like feet stomping on the floor .
he knows the place would blow up if i was n't around to keep sheila from accidentally turning on the kitchen stoves . ''
` ` at least you have a place , i ve been '' she broke down and tears flowed down her face .
chester , ever the carnival barker , put in the strongest bid for taking the party back to our place .
well , if the garbage around our pool is any indication , some of the party kids decided that hanging out at our place was nt such a bad idea after all .
just know that you will always have a place to stay in hollywood .
and since shell be working on set all the time , you ll have her place to bang new insane women in .
once you arrive at your place , you will face your biggest challenge : getting her up the stairs .
take the girl to wherever - your place , his place , or her place .
take the girl to wherever - your place , his place , or her place .
take the girl to wherever - your place , his place , or her place .
then , when you get back to your place , have beers and ice creams .
go back to your place and start slowly .
try to go to her place with two or three bottles of wine .
get back to your place .
have a few drinks , make her laugh , and then she will invite you back to her place .
you could take her to your place , but what s the point ?
go to her place and talk her through the sex .
once you are drunk , hail a cab to go back to her place .
you ideally want to be at least 50 blocks away from her place , as the blowjob requires some setup .
if you select this option , you may now drop the girl at her place and have a good chuckle with the cabbie as he drives you home .
you will never move in because you have made enough money off her ho - ing that you now have your own nice place and a spoiler and five - star rims for your acura .
she needs to be a 12 - dollar cab ride from work , so there is probably stuff to do around her place .
you will be able to stay over at her place when she is at work .
however , should you ever leave your computer or anything you wrote at her place , she will look through your emails and your written memoirs ; she is a psycho !
this means that she wants to go back to your place and have sex .
other strippers that are influencing your current moral compass are wolf , a homophobic russian ex - military guy who only strips to supplement his income from renting out pinball machines ( yes , pinball machines in 1994 ) ; silver falcon , a champion bodybuilder who pays for his steroid habit by letting men suck him off for cash ; tommy zeus , a ripped ex - pimp / crack hustler who lets men suck him off for pleasure , but he justifies it by getting paid ; and french kiss , a hell of a nice guy that you have three - ways and four - ways with but the two of you never discuss sex unless there are women around , yet on occasion when you stay at his place he mentions that he s going into his bedroom to masturbate .
` ` one night they stopped at a farmhouse and asked if they could impose on the family for some supper and a place to sleep .
rumor spread that you had maye call the sheriff on those workmen at the party , and now they ' ve organized a boycott of your place .
as he shoved some dirt back over it with the toe of shoe he scoffed but noticed that his minds eye was already conjuring a scene of expert horticulturalists from miles around gathered at his place , congratulating white and witnessing this rarest and most beautiful of desert blossoms that none of them had ever been able to nurture before .
but when i get back saturday i want to meet you for a bonfire up at your place .
` ` you seem to get places when you need to , '' he said .
no , thanks , ill say , but you re more than welcome to come over to my place and watch michael gross ( of family ties fame ) reprise his role as burt grummer in tremors 2 : aftershocks .
now , i do nt know how you train a 25 year - old to work two offices state - wide , or how to establish communications in late september/ early october of 2001 in new york city , or about being called a scab and other callous names by his own workers when there s a strike , or about sleeping in his office , working 20 hour shifts to keep the place running , but when the training of the kid was complete , a woman approached my dad with a pamphlet and before she even started her spiel about retirement , he said , just give me the papers , ill sign em .
heading towards my parents place , the right side of the street is all residential .
i ' ve always had a special place for those in need .
today ill do a physical survey of the whole place , every nook and corner , inside and out .
chapter 37 the morning party continues while the dog was squealing to the writer , saving the guys career and reputation , the tommy crown affair continued at my place .
we can tell she loves the social scene , and that 's what we can offer at our place . ''
i went back to my place and composed an earthnet mail .
there was gordon , a butcher who supplied the meats for sandwiches , and arthur who was most comfortable talking about home renovations and johnny the scientist who usually said very little , and , of course , me , sal , a high school teacher and the only bachelorwhich explains why the poker games were always at my place .
i immediately phoned gordon and arthur and we met at my place that same evening .
our family spent years at our place near high park and i went to public school there .
i needed to get us a better situation , a better life than this miserable place with no window and the sound of the furnace startin and stoppin every few minutes when it was cold .
she left her underwear at my place the saturday before .
he said he was fired , could n't pay the rent for his apartment and needed a place to stay for just a few nights .
` ` i will come to your place tomorrow evening .
` ` mister marcello , there will be three officers at your place by four p.m. tomorrow .
paul asked , there s no jobs going at your place ?
in another world i d have my own place and could fill a whole house with it .
you d gone back to your safe place , buried underground , inside yourself , like you were in hibernation .
now let me guess the rest , she came right out and asked you to go back to her place , where she could do you a favour , of some sort .
so they all got along famously , everybody was happy , and when it was time to go , the little ones begged macklin to come to their place and tuck them in .
protection , a place to live , free parking !
i mean , look , if you live in a place with actual , real life weather ( when driving comes with the possibility of snow flakes zipping into your eye ) , then i get it .
we hit it off so well , we decided to move the party back to my place .
babette 's house was a nice place shaped like a party hat .
i ' m not going to fix this place up .
i keep telling them to go back and torment their own people , or at the very least , run for parliament , but they wo n't leave ; they clutter up the place , jogging , taking cold showers , and reading books on self improvement .
i 'd have to get the whole place on a sound financial footing first .
` ` has this place ever been cleaned ? ''
then , when he starts to feel uneasy , he goes around the corner and up the stairs to virgil 's place .
on the way home to corey 's place , we stopped at the pet store .
when we got home , i gave the place a once over and decided i could live with it .
but the place is clean , especially the kitchen , although cooking is a chore .
i was considering taking the money and flying to some place exotic , when i saw someone far up the street , running towards me .
i was feeling so down on myself lately you know , like nobody gets me and i keep messing everything up ; and now i feel like i have a home , a place to go .
i was left on my own to find a place to live in staynor .
the house was a cute little bungalow in a mature neighborhood not far from our place .
he d call meghan after the meeting to confirm that shed be at their place at six to baby sit the boys .
i do nt know what i d do without this place , phyllis said .
my place is big and bright , with the view of the square .
my parents had sent me here to grandpa 's place , a remote house outside of town , as soon as it began .
he imagined the place looked shabby and cluttered to tessa .
he should find a place to stay for the night , he thought , realizing he d been following this same road in a kind of trance for a couple of hours now .
he had nt seen a place to stay that appealed to him and so had ridden on .
this had been the first place shed thought to come when her big city life imploded and , somehow , shed never left .
ten minutes from my place .
i m ten minutes from your place also .
this had been happening to him since the second he left her place .
and he wanted to run over to her place and pull her into his arms and then he d still have to say good bye at the end of it .
but maybe he could get a place .
lets have the party at my place !
fine , well have it at your place .
this place reminds me of my small years .
they walked hand - in - hand through ten blocks of the warehouse district to the university , where dean knew there would be places to stay .
why do nt i drive out to your place ?
i was wondering if you d want to come by my place for dinner tonight ?
at the time david did nt have a car but there were several busses that he could take directly from his place to the hospital in less than fifteen minutes .
the only thing david told his father was that he needed a place to stay for a few months until he could find his own apartment .
and besides , i m not even allowed to stand while using the toilet at my dads place .
brett asked , how much longer do you think you can last at your dads place ?
i m hoping to find a place in the next month .
and he realized that he really had to find a new place to live .
that s why you moved out from sandras place .
the scenery would keep my mind off the peeling wallpaper until we redecorated but the place stank of mouse droppings .
the cats strolled around as if they owned the place and seemed quite contented .
` ` want us to look after your place ? ''
` ` he has a safe place to live and plenty of food , so his energy builds up because he does n't have to patrol territory and hunt the way wild cats do . ''
there was much discussion about edith 's intense repugnance for such places and her refusal to admit she needed care .
camdens getting worse , maybe i should think about selling my place and move in here , what do you think ?
they stroll to her place , another walk - up , three blocks away .
jules held out the cd and pointed to track 7 , babbling something about listening to it later at her place or his , but veda 's attention , her whole mind and body , were fixed on the neatly italicised words on the card- 7 .
at the time i thought that was code for i enjoy the free fags you give me , but the more i think about it now , though , the more i realise that it must have been nice to have a few minutes every day to get out of the dark place he lived in , even if the motivation for that was getting something for nothing from me .
this time in two years time ill be chasing him around the place , up and down the stairs , and unable to leave anything of mine lying around .
my book did say that womens emotions are all over the place when they re pregnant .
randolph had an afternoon shift that day , and so by the time he arrived at work the place was already abuzz with the news .
a few months ago when i needed a place to stay for a few days she moved me into her house with barely a second thought .
anyway , she s got her own place near hounslow .
i tell you this , when i move to a new place , i m going to cover the front garden in concrete and park a lorry on it !
did you say last night you re putting the place up for sale next month ?
you ll have to rent a place for a bit maybe .
but you want a decent place to live in , do nt you ?
you could n't bring them into the u.s . '' ` ` i heard that there was one heck of a fireworks display at your place on the 4th , '' zenia shot back , this time her voice a very long way from being even in a distant exurb of neighborly .
he lived a good fifteen miles from her place .
` ` am i gon na bring a girl into a place with an eight foot boa constrictor hanging from a chandelier and an alligator in the bathtub ?
somebody must have left the weed in the car when my son was partying on the gulf at our place at rocky point . ''
especially when they had their dr . snoop easy listening device fastened to the wall between their apartment and elvis ' place .
there is a fat lady out cold on the couch and a bunch of snotty nosed little kids mucking about the place .
` ` what with a pig defecating in the kitchen and the place smelling like a rutting shed . ''
headache or not , big m was n't about to linger in nogales and convinced his ' temporarily unemployed ' cousin to put down the remote and drive him to his place in tucson .
just when we think we ve got the place to ourselves , more rubbery things come a knocking .
would you like to come back to my place , to see my mucus collection ?
well he paused for breath , ok . we get back to her place up on fort st . , you know where that whacko truth centre cult is ?
anyways , we get back to her place and start getting into it .
cause she was eye fucking you all night and i know you re a bit oblivious to that sort of thing i stayed at her place .
an hour later rebecca was walking around my place , half - naked , picking up her clothes , her body still glistening with fresh sweat .
i hailed a cab and we took it back to my place .
we drove back to my place and i sat on the couch as heather walked around my apartment , investigating all the little knick knacks and books and things on my shelves .
for dinner we did nt want to cook anything to heat the place up so we decided to order a pizza .
there was one newer residence on campus , which was still in great condition , but the rooms were smaller and the people tended to keep to themselves , so poole was actually a great place to live .
on friday , i made sure my place was tidy and my course work was in order so i would nt have much to do while heather visited and i could spend more time caressing her sweet , hard body .
he was on campus again this year living in the dorms because it was much cheaper than getting his own place in the city , especially since his scholarship covered most of the cost .
we went to her place , which was just across the street from mine .
the place was tidy .
we exchanged numbers and i walked across the street to my own place and went back to bed .
that night i called christine and made my way over to her place .
just let her sleep and come up to my place for a smoke and well go to rosies .
we had all been out the previous night at his place , everyone drinking and having a good time .
his place was a studio : one room , a half kitchen , and a bathroom .
you should see my place we sat around and got high and talked about some philosophy of religion course that julien had been taking .
he said , i just blazed at tonys place and was driving home and i saw this cop car pull up behind me and i thought , oh , shit man !
this hotel was the first place that i had ever felt any kind of freedom .
it 's dangerous for anybody to see their place .
` ` i ' m coming , '' stan shouted at the ringing phone as he ran up the stairwell to his apartment , a nice place by college student standards .
` ` get him back to your place ; danny will have it all wired up by tonight .
` ` i 'll get some brothers down in south central to move it to my place .
i ' ve got the remote camera operators in a van across the street from her place . ''
we go back to my place or you can tell her to chase me for the money . ''
kandhi had her millions of metrics , and wen had her code all over the place .
the best parts of staying were : 1 : the nachos 2 : not having return to his home and find a real job 3 : admittedly , being worshipped had its moments where it was fairly fun the best parts of option two were : 1 : he could make a point of at least finding a place to live where he could watch the world series every year , and the super bowl and stanley cup as well !
baris friend , who was a most gregarious sea turtle , had once inhabited it , but had been evicted on false pretenses because the landlord was a friend of that hermit crab , who had just been evicted from his place on grounds that were very much grounds for divorce .
he just needed to find a place that enabled him to live it in a fashion which he could appreciate .
nimrod knows how to cook adobo , a philippine stew , so a lot of players end up hanging out at his place just to get a taste of a real meal .
i tell uncle to wait out front once we 're at my place in brookyn and i go upstairs to pack a suitcase .
when i would visit ted before i moved into his place she was pretty affectionate , allowing me to scratch her and rolling over on her back for some tummy and pussy rubbing .
bruno was friendly , irresponsibly so , as he seemed to have no problem with giving me complete run of the place , rendering him useless as a guard dog .
he d had it done up in five shades of pink and i wanted to butch the place up a bit before i moved in .
just call the health department when i m having a really bad day and the place is a mess .
this is a nice place you have .
i m happy to have all those microscopic horror movie dropouts , each adapted to my many microclimates , running around like they owned the place .
maria and i had made plans to do dinner at her place and i wanted to hurry up and get there and forgo the eight plus hours from the time i said goodbye to my guests till i was seated at her kitchen table .
i was back at marias that evening with the dinner i had prepared earlier ; it was heating up in the kitchen while i sat on the couch and she insisted on tidying up the place before we ate .
we got to her place , and made out briefly before agreeing to hold off sex until after dinner .
anyway , danielle continued , gigi came for thanksgiving dinner at my place , last year , and my parents were there with my brother , ricky , and one of his slutty women .
there s my parents place , down there behind that gate .
my mother let him stay at our place one time , and when she came home from work , he was in her bed having sex with a three - hundred - pound mexican opera singer .
speaking of crazy , the countess just went by our place riding a bike .
well , then , if you re so concerned about it , she can go to your place .
my friend paid me to get her out of his place for a while because he had some important people coming .
we have to stop at her place and get a few things straightened out with the house .
he promised to watch our place while were gone , water the plants and everything .
they did nt have any other place to go , and my mother would have made his life miserable , so dad told them he would give them a house .
but , marthie , she has no place to go , said chucky .
chapter 17 danielle and john went to her place after the road trip .
i thought you d be glad to see our place clear out , jed said , watching the car reach the end of the lane and turn onto the main road .
anyway , i ca nt get my key to work in the lock as adam has only gone and changed the damn thing which of course he has every right to do i suppose seeing as it is his place after all .
i just want friends and lovers and a decent place to live and a job to go to and lastly , to have some fun in life without all that responsibility for other people stuff getting in the way and being weighed down with the burden , stress and guilt which often accompanies this type of average lifestyle .
this in turn forced me to move in with a bunch of brand - new housemates that i did not even like , out of desperation at not having to go back home to my dads place .
then i deep breathe the rest of the way to my dads place in an effort to calm myself down and when i arrive outside his house , i light a cigarette just to settle my nerves as i do nt want him seeing me in such a state .
what can i say about the generous spirit of kim that i have not already for she has made me feel right at home at her place and even charlie has not been too taxing on the old grey matter come to that whilst we get used to each others funny little ways .
do you suppose , it was the one place on earth that michael jackson truly felt at home .
now i really did not want to go and perform on stage and i could have happily stayed there all day , no strike that , i wanted to move in and make this place my new home .
i was just dropping off charlies stuff that he d left at my place in case he needed them .
so do nt forget you ll have the place all to yourself , should you want your date to stay over .
i soon left my dad to watch the remainder of the game with his friends while i was , left with the thought of moving back into his house which of course is also my old place .
i want to make a good impression if i m going to get charlie into their place and settled , so that i can concentrate at work without worrying about being a burden to my mother , said kim .
with this in mind , i packed up my shit together that weekend and said a tearful thank you for the sanctuary that kims place and charlies home had recently provided for me .
while my dad is out , i notice the pictures of me dotted about the place since i was quite a cute baby and seemed to , always have a smile on my face .
i search the place like a detective looking for clues to a crime that did not really happen since not loving your child enough to stay is not a jail - able offence as far as i am aware .
the following day i mysteriously find that the place is once again immaculate so either the elves in charlies story have been here overnight or it was my dad .
so ill need you to go to our place on the way here and pick up mr teddy .
jasmine does n't have a hubby knocking about the place , when she comes up with a crazy plan to get herself a groom and fake a whole white wedding just to prove that she has indeed found her happily ever after .
as my parents at last left our place for a late drive home , i asked it : so tell me right now : do you have a dude ?
excuse me , but you ca nt just chase people in the street when they have places to be .
we went to her place that afternoon .
we were now eight in this small , three - bedroom house and one would have laughed to see such a band of misfits all in one place .
i need a place to stay tonight .
we went back to his place .
the place was a one bedroom with kind of a hallway with a tv and a futon couch in it .
i needed a place to sleep and , hey , it worked .
i started telling him about what i d done after i left his place .
your dads not so bad , he said later when we stopped for coffee on our way back to my place .
you have no parents , no place to live , and no way of surviving in the world .
others suggested that he was nothing more than a looney , who found his way in a place that he never belonged .
still , the place was clean and someone had told her they had a school there , so jerry would be able to learn to read and write .
as he started to walk away she grabbed him by the back of the collar , two things : one , these people was nice enough to take us in when we had no place else to go , so do n't screw it up by stealin ' anything .
if you 're gon na kick me out , then at least give me enough notice so i can try to find a job and some place to live first .
she 'll manage to find or forge a place for herself no matter where she goes .
sister magdalene like sister mercy , sister magdalene was the product of an orphanage , but the orphanage where she grew up was not the safe and peaceful place st . mary 's had been .
she had received no preparation on what to expect or how to find a job or a place to live .
she explained that she had a job but no place to live .
mother said , while we 're being honest , this place is a damned fire trap .
we 'll need to make a plan to get you a scholarship for school and find you a place to live .
i could find a place to live .
i want her to see the place exactly as it is .
we will do all our regular cleaning and i expect the place to be as immaculate as it ordinarily is .
i ' m not as good with math or money as you , which makes me ever more grateful that you are in charge and not me , but i know enough about the finances of this place to know that we simply do not have the money to take care of both the children and the sisters .
the result of that was that in the last few years of its operation , not one child left st . mary 's without money in the bank , a place to live and either a job or financial arrangements for college .
she scanned it quickly and handed it to christina , saying , well , i guess on top of all the other stuff we have to do , we need to find a place to live .
if the diocese owns the orphanage , we need to find you all a place to live , pronto .
maggie asked , should we start looking for a place to live ?
that press would be awesome for our case , but you do need the security of knowing you have a place to go .
so , we can afford to buy a place to live if we have to and you need to rent whatever space you need .
when sister maggie arrived home , the place was in turmoil .
he s ok with this place i m pretty proud of how he s fit in .
yeah , campersbut he had to know that this place is worth quite a bit , being right on the beach and all .
the kind of place ill never be able to stay , for sure .
she took a deep breath , as if absorbing the lovely nature of the place , and wandered into the living room .
and those kids will have a place to live , polly said .
but i am sure that it ca nt be more terrible than this place that you all have made for yourselves !
ill drop you off at your place .
i miss the things that she did to pretty up the place , especially her touches in the yard .
because when she left less than one month before she died , she must have taken an invisible power from that old house with her , and without that the whole place quickly fell apart .
we have to watch out , or else myron will have the place cleaned out before the rest of the family can so much as budge .
the very day that mother delivered addy to the nursing home , myron came over to her house and began his pillaging of the place , beginning with the fridge and the stock of frozen steaks .
the whole place looked like no one had lived there for half a century out of the gene pool the grandfather and his grandson , a mere child of nine years , were in the car .
it began that first dinner date , followed by talking into the wee hours at her place , and gil gently refusing to sack out in the guest bedroom rather than make the drive across the valley to his own house of empty rooms .
ten and so it would be , with numerous repeated times alone together , between cabin , her place , his house , hotels and taking vacations just for the excuse to get away .
gloria said : gil , dear , i ca nt have you over to my place tonight .
your mom is nt capable of taking care of that huge place , and she wo nt allow live - in help , not even from you when it means that she s a burden .
she really loved the house and the community , she preferred it by far to our place in brooklyn ...
if she does nt find a job and her own place soon , it ll be me sitting at that bar .
carly and jack are giggling at one of their shows , worn out from their swim at moms new place .
lily my new place is small , but nice .
i want to get back to my old place .
the place is small and sparse , but in a clean , comfortable way .
why are we paying top dollar for a place that lets her nap all day and pace and worry all night long ?
but grace and her daughters are in my room , sitting on my bed as if they own the place .
andy , maybe we should talk , i might be around your place at noon .
they are nt able to clean up the place so i suppose i m a housekeeper of sorts , andrew said , fumbling his words even as he attempted to recover .
even with my secretarys pay and uncle ricky helping out a little , well , we still ca nt afford to keep this place .
do you like your new place ?
but steve steve after school , could you i m scared ta go home ta da new place an be by myself .
fuckit ... 9:55am now dads going to kill me for pissing on his couch ... and for going around his place almost butt naked .
phoebe : whatever , it looks like a roach and feels like one toobesides you know i hate anything dirty and this place is asking for a cleaning .
she was actually pleased to have her own place for the first time in her life .
then she spent a quiet week getting the place just right , buying curtains and the like and decorating the living room and hall with some french impressionist prints and some softball posters from her high school and college teams .
i d love to show you my new place .
okay , i d like to see your place , but ill only be able to stay for a few minutes .
the place is going to be snug come winter .
tara could see that fiona felt a proprietary regard for the cottage but that her shyness would nt let her speak of the place as home .
for two months as he worked here he was an utterly happy man , but what if this became the only place on earth in which they could be at home ?
anyways , he and his second wife spent their last weekend together at my place .
after meeting with his mother today he realized that it was something even more : it meant that the feldman home was the place where he could go and not be turned away .
on thursday afternoon she talked with bill on the phone about making plans for a rendezvous at her place for a session of working late on friday night .
lowells place is two cottages up from where bobby wilcoxs family used to have a place .
lowells place is two cottages up from where bobby wilcoxs family used to have a place .
if you ever need a place to crash , to collect yourself , if ma ever gets to be too much and you need a break , come here .
the landlord did so as grudgingly as will turned down his volume , with the result that will was looking for a new place and foss would have another empty room on his hands .
her father had owned the little house passed to him by his mother and so rose or sharon , as she sometimes called herself one name and sometimes the other , did not have to worry about a place to live .
he did nt discuss the idea of settling in scotland , but told her he looked forward to going back to his old home place in west virginia after the war , a thought that quite appalled rose , but she knew that they would have to go somewhere to avoid the risk of being confronted with old suitors , or neighbors with gossip .
he preached too and gathered a few desperate followers , who supported him with their gifts of cash , or food , or a place to sleep for the night as he traveled around and around the country , always coming back to the county of his birth , his miraculous birth , to hear his family tell it .
it was mary who reminded roxy when they moved out to denver after the war that they d need to find a place with a garden for the old mother .
i sweah ta god i ai nt seen joe fa ova a month , i sweah ta god he moved all his stuff outa my place , afta we had this terrific fight ova a customa he thought i wuz playin up ta fer real when i wuz jes doin whad frankie tells us is pata the job n i ai nt seen nuthin a joe since , not even his shadda , i sweah ta god i ai nt even hud from i m n do nt have no idea wheah he s hangin out now .
back at her place he d hung one on her right eye so hard even a couple of thick coats of makeup and eye shadow as heavy as what football players put on against the sun did nt cover up the black and blue , then the green and yellow for a week or so .
because he went in such a hurry he left all his shirts and suits and neckties and socks and underwear and shaving gear behind at her place , which she hoped they had no way of checking out .
much as shed been looking forward to the film , then making love after they d return to her place , she begged off .
after years of searching , from college courses in psychology and religion , to exploring a variety of spiritual teachings and practices , lydia had found a place she could call home .
again she attributed it to the move , the new place .
the place has shrunk , lydia whispered to margie , right beside her , doing her own adjusting .
well , if i had my druthers they d tear these buildings down , your place , too , and get back to some peace .
you know that cemetery , that old shed out back of your place ?
that s even better , give me more time to clean the place .
then over at your place ?
from my pivot point , at the desk , i am used to travel far and wide about our place .
but all over the place in the lane , oats shattering on the ce - ment of the barn floor .
she is half remembering , half in the present as she pecks with her cane , a bird turning the stones ahead of her as she moves east , past the parsonage , past frank steiwalts house with its broad verandah , past the miners place , the kids with their dirty faces out in the front yard .
she takes it between the knees and holds it , the thin gatherings of the mail , the keys to the house , place she needs right now , buried deep with all of her whatevers .
the window is open a few inches ; the trees over at carls place are as quiet as are her own .
and even if he did nt stay down here with them on a permanent basis , he needed a place to go .
three months ago , they had shared living , staying mostly at her place in town and sometimes out here on the ridge .
he could sit with her on the porch at his place up on the ridge and feel that everything had now come together .
what his people would do up at his place during those four hours , gordon had no idea , but , despite roses best efforts over the last weekendcleaning and straightening and even paintinghe had left a bachelor trail from room to room that he needed to make right .
her place , in town , she thought they eventually might put up for sale .
he could almost hear the resonance of his voice as he said these words , five years back in the back - bedroom of her first home , her parents place , where she had finally come to rest in the last days .
becky didn = t seem to think much of his early exit from two nights earlier and as he entered her place he saw one of her cats stanley sitting in the crevice between her chin and neck .
@ they rented an apartment near her old place and settled in .
and that s all , no explanations , no nothing , just that place is not for you and i was hurt and then i got mad .
to commerce city to go to work and it just come to me , that light you know and i started talking to god and i told him i d be back in church on sunday and i knew he d find us a place cuz we had to move .
and ida smiled so wide as she raised her voice and clenched her fists in triumph and there was nothing gerald could say because god was nt that real to him so he waited for her moment of re - lived rapture to pass and as she relaxed and shook her head a little at herself he asked her how she found the place , the house on two acres with a barn and large shed and garage .
bin better if he d asked but back then i just wanted to be friendly with neighbors and figured they d bin hit hard to lose this place so i tole him to go ahead and send her over .
he made it clear to me he did nt come asking no niggers permission so i just tole him it was my place now and if they had a need and asked i d be a good christian neighbor .
well , were stopping by moms for supper n then going back to my place .
he d been renting it all the years after we moved out to the bigger place on the eastern prom .
several officials , including the cops , had come to their place since mark was sick .
but you d have to break into his place to do that .
he had parents who controlled him , disciplined him , even slapped him sometimes , but he was in a familiar world where nobody made him doubt himself , where he felt comfortable and connected and part of something , which to him was what freedom meantto live in a place where he could be himself .
the news hurt patti , for they knew that that particular friend was female , and it did nt take much clairvoyance to know what the sleeping arrangements were at her place .
their place was a dump .
granny kimball had given donna directions to the farmhouse , telling her the driveway was about a quarter of a mile before the road that led to her sons and suzys place , but she managed to miss it and had to turn around in the rutted dirt road where a man scowled at them fiercely as donna nervously maneuvered the car in the ruts and ice of the dirt road .
she wanted to know if he got enough to eat , and he explained that he was taking care of a man in a wheelchair and had a nice place to live and ate all he wanted .
carolines apartment had worn and chipped woodwork from where furniture being moved had damaged it and peeling calcimine in the kitchen after her father had actually tried to improve the place by painting the ceiling , and now the gunk kept falling all the time .
the place was so cheerful , especially compared to her apartment .
she feared her uncle and could never be totally forthright with any of her relatives , and yet it was still home , a place where she hoped to be comforted .
then , because ted had done little with the place and it was bare - boned in regard to furniture , they had other weekend projects to share : decorating and finding furniture .
despite all the time shed spent cleaning and tidying up the place to make it look as pretty as possible so that charlie would be struck by the difference between the old hovel they lived in and the brightness and niceness of her new home , when she arrived she took no notice of the surroundings .
the light coming through the two living - room windows separated by a bookcase imbued the place with a golden glow , which was reinforced by the walls painted the same color , and the shadow of a tree outside swaying in the soft spring breeze danced and swayed across the red carpet .
you ve made the place even nicer .
their apartment is filled with beautiful furniture and is bright and cheerful , a lot different from the place we had when i was growing up .
he was eager to explain to this woman that he d gladly have helped noah find a more suitable place to live but noah refused to leave the ark even though the priest had promised it would not be stolen or damaged behind the church .
she told him how she had grown up in a world across the ocean where she did not feel she belonged and how she had come to this place which had been the place her fathers family had lived until they were all rounded up and killed .
yes , she 's dead and will never return , i know that in the bar , at the bus stop , climbing the stairs to pablo 's place .
we d hardly come to grips with this place when i inherited weatherlee .
of course it 's his place .
fortunately we are not burdened by mortgage debt , but it 's no fun being asset rich and cash poor , and i would hate to see the place fall into the hands of some foreign millionaire .
i tell mr butterworth and we arrange to meet at my place later that night so he can witness the digging for himself .
he was sad that he would never see any of those animals again , and in some way , he was sad he d never see hector too , but he was happy that though ugly and alone to the outside world , he had within him a beautiful place where no one wanted to leave .
i used to leave the blinds open and walk freely about the place , unconcerned with the possibility of a passerby seeing me .
sometimes its the only place i can afford .
my dad and stepmom were out , we had the place to ourselves .
we had just dropped a friend off at his parents place .
he said i could crash at his place for as long as i needed , and i knew he meant it .
later , at my dads house , anne said that she did nt want to drive the forty minutes back to her place that night .
i pulled my coat tight and thought about leaving you but i knew you would set fire to this place .
when we were through gettin physical , you dropped off to sleep pretty fast so i just took a cab back to my place .
otherwise , i just could nt find a place for myself ...
it was nice to be back in his own place again , to be amongst his memories .
a couple of nights i even stayed at his place , mainly because i dreaded going back to that house .
sad that they pulled your place down , though . ''
my dads place is a mile up on the left .
we spend all our time together , at his place or on the lake .
and so we decide , out of necessity , to stick it out until we get our first paycheck and then find another ( cockroach - free ) place to live .
in the kitchen and service areas they whisper to each other , making fun of the people who obviously ca nt afford this place , you can tell just by looking at them .
sophie would come to meet us and bring us back to her place .
scott lays a duluth news tribune on the table and we scan the classifieds , circling all the possible places to live .
by the time i start school at the end of august , our place is nice and comfy .
then his moms place , which has about two dozen potted christmas trees , still in their pots , placed around the yard and adorned with hundreds of glittering white lights and dozens of bright red bows .
i do nt want to have to look for a new place to live , and pack .
well buy our own place and not have to worry about landlords and rent and all that .
she brings us to a place in a nice neighborhood with a big yard , but the house only has two tiny bedrooms .
another place is really run down and does nt have a yard .
there s a propane tank for the fridge and stove , which i insisted they get in order to rent the place out .
back then , we did nt have to scramble to figure out how to get a place to garden and all that .
i used to live with her , in her place up on north island road .
he turns up out of nowhere and suddenly it feels like the place is n't my own , that most of the furniture and all of the hard work is n't mine , that none of it belongs to me .
if you were looking for a place to stay , you should have just been upfront with me .
she could get her own place , try to make a new , completely different life for herself .
but that s why his father had come to the states , to establish a place for the family .
i ... we have some furniture in storage which we can let you use if you re concerned about filling the place up , margaret urged .
a little gi party , and we 'll have the place as good as new . ''
` ` gillian and i 'll get this place ready for bed while you two guys go see if you can find the dog , '' karen said , interrupting the beginnings of battle .
a cottage on winnepausaukee , or a place on the cape , or bass fishing in florida , or a trip to europe or the islands or , maybe , just a trip down to the basement to have a quiet morning playing with a saw and drill .
while his real estate agent is showing the house , this is where mike has cometo wander past the memorials of strangers , while strangers do the same at his place .
i was still uncertain about whether i really wanted to get over the pass and down to brainard lake or just let time slip away and find a place to stay overnight .
this louisville mcdonalds looked like a late night gathering spot for everyone in the city who had no place else to go .
once he got the business of saving her out of the way , they might get a place together in louisville .
a handful of other foster brothers and sisters had come and gone , but most stayed for only a few months until the state could find a more permanent place for them .
budda could tell from the crowd in the place that he was nt the only one with no place to go that day .
maybe i could just stay at addies place until she gets back , he said .
that would be a fine idea , except that she does nt have a place , ellie said .
shed been rotating around with one guy and then another until she finally showed up at my place last week .
from the hang - dog look on buddas face , ellie knew shed eventually relent and let the kid stay at her place for the night .
he hoped ellie would invite him to spend the night at her place they were practically family after all but he would gladly curl up in a corner of the restaurant if mrs . wei would let him .
budda was nt about to give up and go back to st . louis so soon , but he was nt going to argue with ellie as long as she was giving him a place to sleep for at least one night .
i figure ellie went to spend a few days at her moms place .
she slept on the futon at our place the night she and cortez got back from florida .
his place was a bachelor , with a twin bed and a small kitchenette .
you re really lucky to have this place .
be prepared to find another place to live .
he did nt mean the place he had just been kicked out of , but one of the many rentals he had stayed in with his mother and little brother .
mort told you mistral wanted you to treat the place like it was your own .
how are you having a party in that tiny place of yours ?
i do nt want three hundred angry people at my place , you know yeah ... * * * sam sat at his desk with the door to his office open when ricky showed up for work .
truth was , sam still had no clue as to why michelle lowery needed a place to stay , but shed probably appreciate it if sam did nt go around telling people she had what looked to be a nervous breakdown at his party and she would nt leave so he offered her a place to stay .
truth was , sam still had no clue as to why michelle lowery needed a place to stay , but shed probably appreciate it if sam did nt go around telling people she had what looked to be a nervous breakdown at his party and she would nt leave so he offered her a place to stay .
is there anyone at your place tonight ?
she needed a place to stay .
can i swing by your place so she can pick up the rest of her stuff ?
you mentioned that you can not invite me to your place because of your daughter , he asked .
we can spend the rest of it at my place .
why ca nt we go to your place then ?
i want to invite myself to your place for a cup of coffee tonight .
lets have dinner tonight at your place , the three of us .
how about your place ?
listen , tim , teresa suggested once over the phone when he was on his way to pat , if you want to , i could come to your place .
can i drop by your place now ?
i will be at your place sometime next week .
the place looks different in the daylight , pat responded , turning him with her smiling face .
she used the money he had transferred into her account to rent an apartment , buy furniture and attend to a host of other incidental details that came with moving to a new place .
you d better come to my place when you have time .
let me sort out the most urgent matters and i will come to your place , perhaps in three or four weeks from now .
a one - bedroom apartment , rather spacious , with simple , inexpensive furniture arranged in good taste , which constituted her simple place .
the first thing we need to do is find you a place close to me in new york .
upon his return he did his best to find a nearby place for pat to live .
i found an apartment for you not far from my place .
ill come over to your place when i feel a little better .
let 's go to my place , jeff said .
i d like to invite you to my place tonight .
come to my place at 7:30 and well go together .
i m pretty sure that your wife is at my place .
stan came to her place to pick her up , and she introduced him to her parents .
nobody at home at your place ?
would you like to come to my place ? ''
but he s there on his bed and the whole place is a sun - splash glow .
but she paused before fully entering the house , and without turning towards her sister , said : you know , katharyn , you should really get one of the neighborhood boys to come out and clean this place up .
do me a sketch of how to get to your place .
if tom is running true to form , the only time hell want to leave your place is when you drop him off for the job .
i had a peek into the studio ; there s a piece there i might buy for my place .
they should be at your place by ten .
the old bloke used to let us use the track through his place .
now the island has adopted a small collection of cast - off scientists , all single unattached men able to work cheaply in exchange for the opportunity to live in a place that seems like paradise .
` ` and had a place to do it ?
gene could propose and she could waver and worrywhere would they find a tenant , what if they got a tenant and he or she did nt make a go of it and broke the lease , or what if a tenant damaged the place ?
or , if reimbursing her parents was just too absurd to think about , then why did nt she take some of her money and rent a place , or buy some day - care , or give it to a divorce lawyer ?
room 16 in the traveler was the first place that gene almsson , back before he had become big bear , had stayed on his first road trip for poultristics .
he and some of his ham radio buddies get together once a month to hand out at his place and as he put it bounce radio waves off the sky , tom said .
i was real grateful though that they gave me a job and a place to stay .
i could get my own place even .
i said i really did and when i got my own place i wanted to adopt a big one ( could nt have one now because my mom was allergic ) .
that would just throw this whole place out of kilter .
do you really think i still have a place to call home after what you did to me ?
it only seemed logical for me to return to the place where i always felt most at peace .
at wenonas suggestion , they had all decided to sort out their next steps at the reservation where she grew up , a place she still called home every summer the rosebud reservation in south dakota .
with an infant at home , a bun in the oven , and the promise of more foster kids , my parents decided that it was time to upgrade from their two - bedroom apartment above dads architecture firm to a place more appropriate to raise a family .
it was a thursday afternoon and scott had offered to buy her a snack before taking her back to his place .
but if you need a place to stay for a while you can always crash with me .
in fact i m going to ask my parents about renting a place off campus in the spring .
you ever offered a beggar a job or a place to stay or anything like that ?
unless you d rather go to my place , he added nervously .
she wanted to call him because she wanted him to take her to his place .
she did nt think that andy had been right about going to his place , but he d been right about one thing .
peter had been devastated , just as hannah had anticipated , and considered asking luke if he could crash at his place .
it only took hannah an evening to box up everything she owned and relocate all of her belongings from abigails place to the rental house shed leased .
if you wanted to move to the city you could have called and i would have helped you get settled into a nice place in a better neighborhood .
i talked to all the guys and they re stoked about having a party at your place .
then she looked at lewis and explained , were going to my place because its just a few blocks away and my parents are nt ever home .
you need a place to stay tonight ?
she just needs a place to stay tonight .
so , dress rehearsal at my place tomorrow after school ?
my mother was angry , but grateful that i had a safe place to stay .
it sounded good , that night , when the boys met for poker at our place .
after that hell start painting , maybe paint the whole place a new color , or a palette of new colors .
we could hide out at my fathers place in zermatt .
somebody he knew from the bank had a place there .
she also said she expected her boyfriend to show up at ` ` her place '' any minute .
considering that ` ` her place '' was the cabin out in their own back yard , her explanation was not sympathized with .
he made it plain to his friends that he did n't want to see anyone , for whenever any one of them invited him out to meet in the city when they were due to arrive , he said flat out ' no ' and warned them away from his place .
she was certain that the woman was some kind of convict , probably escaped from some prison somewhere , and now she was alone on the run and using her place for a hideout .
this was her place even more than the house , because she had worked on everything in it at one time or another .
they 'd passed by my place at the time - near where calvin is now by the way , down south of blythe - told me they had a big score , could n't wait to get out there , in joshua tree .
she remembered their first house , remembered abandoning it for this place not long after , the both of them hoping to leave behind the red - marked notices and the seemingly endless stream of bills .
trapped her in this place of his , left her there to rot in his memory .
then , at the last minute , added almost as an afterthought : you can crash at my place , if you need to .
only for the few nights , he said , than he 'd find his own place .
he was glad that it was over , even if it had left him without a place to live .
i ' m looking for a place to live .
sometimes when they were driving places he would promise to teach her , take her hands in his own and wrap them around the steering wheel of his car .
he would look at her , and before she knew it she was going to him across the parking lot and getting into his car , and they would be halfway to his place before she 'd even realized what she 'd done .
the place had nt changed much , different paint for the walls maybe , tidier .
come over to my place , bruce , he suggested .
i do n't remember the drive back to your place , your hand on my knee made it a blur and i was sure by then you knew the condition i was in .
the drive to your place flew by and i knew pulling up you were home .
we met at her place , talked some , had dinner with her kids before sending them off to friends house for the night then fucked each others brains out ; quickly crocheting the loose ends we left behind in college , before she gave me a photocopy of my story .
i was glad to have a cheap place to sleep , shower and meet new people .
he d let us crash at his place for a while and then we d figure out what to do or where to go from there .
feelings between the hippy girl and i also shift to an intimacy beyond sex and going places together .
one time , when i was six or seven , a mentally disturbed acquaintance of one of my mothers many boyfriends picked me up at my moms place and told me he was bringing me to a munchkin farm to live with the lollypop kids , then left me for several weeks with a boy about my age named ted and his mother in athens , ohio .
i m going to run over to my place , she said .
it was a great feeling , and back then la was a wonderful place to live in , well , he thought so anyway .
there are worse things i could have done with my life , apparently ; at least i was helping keep the place together , as she put it .
he d never spent the season in his house with someone else , never formed a pact , so he had given little thought to barricading the place .
it ll drive out the north entrance , and take you to your moms place .
will we have time to stop by my place ?
: : 183 : : the place needed a good scrubbing .
my apartment looks like the janitorial closet at the roach motel compared to this place .
3 we pull up to my place and phil shuts off the engine .
our clothes are all over the place .
about five years ago , me , ray , and this other cat eric decided to get a place together because we all got along really great .
the second place is pretty cool , floor to ceiling windows and a spacious backyard , but it 's a little out of her price range so we tell the realtor we 'll let her know .
we 're sitting in this ridiculous bar the hunt club , just around the corner from his place .
by the time we get to my place and upstairs and realize we have cell phones , she has eight missed calls .
so we meet up with her roommate and a couple of her friends and proceed to get silly drunk , and of course we all wind up back at their place smoking pot and listening to music .
it winds up being a blast and they invite me back to their place , kara 's place , so of course i say yes .
it winds up being a blast and they invite me back to their place , kara 's place , so of course i say yes .
off to my place .
i 'd like to get a camera crew over to your place as soon as possible .
i clean the place up a little so paiger does n't think i ' m a complete slob and try to prepare myself for whatever the hell she 's going to do tomorrow .
when we get back to my place she jumps my bones immediately .
after drinking and talking all night they proceed to her place to smoke some super terrific pot , and joe gives birth to the fateful idea of ellen pretending to be his girlfriend to make emily jealous .
only one person has a key to my place , and it 's the only person that would be coming to see me at three in the morning .
being a drug czar has its advantages , and staying at one 's place definitely offers amenities .
money was still all right and i could shack up with these idiots until i found a restaurant job and got my own place .
i could hardly move my arm , which meant i could n't keep the place tidy , and even worse , i could n't go out looking for jobs .
you re not some loser , some thicko and this , this place of yours , its squalid .
you could call , you could call and say you want to see her place , you really want to see where she s living .
the outlander often had stories about people from places far away .
they did nt have much in the way of money , or possessions , and little , if any , influence on their surroundings , but instead a kind of happy - go - lucky appreciation for having a place to stay , people to love , and whenever possible , food to eat .
i guess immediate matters are immediate because you need food , and you need a place to sleep , and you need clothes , and so your attention rivets to the groceries and to the newspaper headlines , and to what your clients like and do nt like about the design you are explaining in great detail as they ask a thousand questions while caressing their pipes or using their stems as pointers , unmindful of whether little drops of saliva , brown with tar , fall on the drawing you ve so carefully prepared : what if we put this window over here ?
he got me a place to stay .
what the lombardy was not america you / he / she has understood him in hurry my dad , when it had ten years and his / her father it is dead leaving my grandmother and the six brothers hemming to get by with the life and with the damp of this place .
and she told him of how some nights ago the junkie had needed a place to haunt over the night and had come to her small flat and they had played the withered old farce of the single woman , the very same woman as she , desperately in love with an oblivious conquistador who thinks they are just friends but they re not are not they could not be for if they were friends only friends she the single woman would truly have to end herself .
there s a crowd of bigfoot hunters camped down on our place .
not sure of what to do next , adel decides that they should find a place to stay .
if it were nt for mirwan letting us stay at his place and giving us jobs and paying us in cash , i do nt know where we d be right now , kamil says .
adel finally has the place to himself .
he really needs to discuss with him about finding a new place to move into .
you can stay with my wife and me and her family , until you find a place .
he is staying at his friend 's place which is a few minutes from his sister 's home .
he walks aimlessly down the street finally understanding that he has no place to stay .
living at her place is worse than the detention .
are you stopping by my place after work ?
i will look for a place and move out by the end of this month .
i ' m at my friend 's place for the night .
kamil says , stay with us until you find your own place .
i rent out our place up there .
when i got here this place was full of furniture , but all the personal things were gone , all the clothes , the paintings on the wall , the paperwork .
she felt already like it was her home away from home , her pied terre , even if she was only going to stay long enough to find a place to live .
she spent the long afternoon hours on a search for a place to live .
finding a place to live was not going to be a problem .
why do nt you come over to my place and let me give you a back rub ?
why do nt you come over to my place , and ill give you a nice haircut ?
if i went with these guys i d get to see the countryside , get fed , have a place to sleep and have a good time among other things .
back in new jersey once again , i moved in with rania until i could find my own place .
but eventually she admits , i suppose , if you do dig down deeply , you know , for most people who do nt have kids , it really might be a mystery why you should go through all this , the spending and the hassles of being places and the shopping and the general awfulness of everything , you know , you wind up asking yourself , what s the point ?
now , she has a place to belong to and is , i think , happy .
what s your place like ?
what s her place like ?
it would have been easier to keep the beer in the garage but dad keeps the place so damned neat and tidy that there s no place to hide it out there .
he wanted to crash at my place for a while .
said he did nt have any place to stay and wanted to sleep on my floor for a few days while he got himself set up here .
why do nt we ride over to my place ?
how about you come back to my place tonight and we spend a while getting to know each other real well ?
after the lunch rush , when randal and i were alone , he said , they searched my place , yesterday .
but i m not asking to meet anyone , just to drive past their place .
we were both relieved when he moved back to his own place .
he stopped by my parents place and laid on the charm .
after graduation , i d have to find a real job and get settled in my own place .
then , one day , i found the doll at her place all beat up .
when she got home to area place this evening , she would call scooby over and tell him the great news and see the look on his face when he found out .
she would nt be able to play ball at the area place playground with her boys anymore , because she could run into jinya daggett .
and ten thousand square feet is nt big enough for you to find some place to be alone ?
the visits had been exactly like this one : sitting for an eternity in a quiet air - conditioned hall , listening to men in suits , one after another , talk politely about the bible from a stage , while her eyes grew heavy and her heart desired to be some place , any place , else .
you still go home to ariel place on the weekends ?
tracy , she said , chin resting on the heel of her palm , elbow resting on the steering wheel , do you think that your aunt would let youshe inhaled audiblyspend the night at our place ?
there , she had found a place , had developed a lifea rep , respect , routinethat she was finding impossible to acquire on the outside .
or did they want her to pick up the old routine of going home to area place every weekend , and is that why mama was there ?
the thought of giving up the wonderful weekends with miz grace , talking and laughing with the woman , being hugged and praised by her and hanging out in a mansion and riding in the jag and feeling like the spoiled child of a beautiful rich womanthe thought of giving all that up so that she could return home to mama and charles and area place was more than tracy could bear .
they went all around , but no one would give them a place to stay .
shed always fantasized about having a place of her own ; the place she saw in her head looked a lot like the one that she stood in , now .
the only down part to her new place was the noise .
i wish my mom let me get my own place !
when she saw that view , she knew she never wanted to leave that place .
the worst part of having anna over all the time was how she left her stuff all over the place .
when he saw the apartment , he was shocked at the size of the place .
she had furnished the place warmly , and it was clearly nicer for her care and attention , but it was a dump .
one thing that he learned quickly was that boston was a wonderful place to spend a few months , but it was n't a place he wanted to live longterm .
we have to find a place that i can afford myself .
he s moping around my place dreading the move all the time .
it was n't that he did n't have a place to live .
her place is full , but you could stay with me until the dorm opens in june .
he ran back to wymack 's place , keeping his pace slower than usual , and took the stairs up to the seventh floor .
i bought that house so we 'd have a place to stay .
we spent a week just cleaning this place out look in that room over there fuckin iraqis shit in there .
and then you see a huge fort with machine guns on the walls against the setting sun and the marine says pull in here and you do and you run through the gate and go inside and mr . holden sets up shop and starts selling while you go find a place to sleep that night .
well , i have friends and a place to spend time with them .
` ` i ' m saving myself for when i run my own place , '' he said .
going to the marak farm each morning to help made him want his own place all the more .
judd added , ` ` i 'd really like to think we could sit down and figure something out , for me to get settled into a place . ''
the funny farm 's the only place you 'd be goin ' if yer breathe a word of it lad .
i ve got a place i need to be , he d repeat over and over .
found myself a cheap as hell apartment to live in and paid my rent three months in advance to keep the old lady who owned the place from asking questions .
there was a used car dealership near my place so i stopped in , and they hired me on the spot after i told them i d spent the last three years traveling .
a few weeks into my new place i decided to see where she was staying .
my place was small , but i made it nice with the money i made selling cars .
my landlord had only ever come to my place three times , and it was always in the morning .
he smiled casually and looked around my place as if it was his own and someone had moved in and started using his things .
saturday night i slept over at hawks place .
i was at that point in my life where i needed the security of somewhere familiar , some place happy .
after the wreck , i went back to my place but then panicked halfway up the elevator after realizing i was still driving the car .
instead , i went back to my place , gave the valet my keys ( he did nt seem to notice the cars were different , but who knows what s going on with those guys ) , and went back upstairs .
now he had ex cons he found on craigslist tearing the place apart and smashing everything inside .
and for that , they punished him by moving to this place where the only other kid was a weird retard whose parents treated him like a baby , and he sniffs dogs butts .
he did not choose to move from the only place he knew as home .
the $ 7.50 motel room i rent turns out to be the cleanest place i ve stayed in months .
can you give me a place to crash for a few days ?
i d be crazy to leave it at my place .
raven and her coven are looking for a place to live .
i think you should start looking for a new place to crash , he says , before storming back up the stairs .
are we going to be invited to visit you at your new place ?
they ve moved to a bigger place , two bedrooms this time , one for the nursery that suzies already furnished in her head , expecting to have some actual furniture to put in it after the baby shower .
we watch her march back up the hill to our trailer , stopping short as an unfamiliar pickup pulls to a slow stop alongside the porch to ducks place .
andrew commences banging on the door , but the place certainly seems empty enough and the rest of us have just persuaded him to stop when the kitchen door swings open , revealing ho in a pair of brady bunch pajamas , trusty meat cleaver in hand .
at least find a place to stay back in town .
its followed by : my copy of li pos selected poetry ; an empty container of apricot yogurt ; a packet of 3 alarm chili mix ; a spool of used typewriter ribbon ; a box of kleenex ; the empty sleeve of my mountain album ; a church key ; a red - and - blue checkered throw pillow that the widow lent us to brighten the place up ; a write brothers ballpoint pen ; a copy of last aprils playboy ( featuring a pictorial of the fetching miss vicki peters in the altogether ) that blake left behind ; a sealed baggie of rebel red and a pack of zig zag papers ; and a desiccated banana peel .
i m straightening up the mess old nergal made when leo returns , shuts the door behind him , and casts a sour look around the place .
the place is a mess , and everything that leo brought or has added during his stay is gone .
dr . goodleigh would be tickled to know that her place has turned into a sorority house .
our landlord is nt much interested in keeping the place up , the widow answers .
still , you all might start casting about for a new place to live .
they ll be out by wednesday , when a new place they re renting on madison avenue will come available , though garrett wo nt be moving with them , departing instead for memphis .
i m lucky to have a place to get away to , far from the grasp of sheriff lott and the baptist mafia that s running things now .
jake moved his belongings to easton 's place , clearing all but the cockroaches from the university loft .
after all , you re giving me a place to sleep .
we got a place to sleep , and food .
the only place that they could find in which to live was a three - room former tourist cabin .
this is why it is important that mr . krazinsky have a safe place to stay while he proceeds about his business .
it was nt like i had a bunch of people coming over to hang out at my place , so the only time i had given directions out was to relatives .
it was nice to think of a place where the outside world did nt exist .
it was nt like i had any place to go .
my dad suggested that i drive you home and hell pick me up at your place .
when we got to my place , we grabbed our backpacks and he followed me in .
i was glad to have a place to go where i felt safe and accepted .
i was shocked when my mom had told me that we were spending christmas eve at our place and family was coming over .
she needed to get out of this place where she was lost to the gods and the world , and find somewhere safe .
` ` as much as i like seeing you , i actually came over because my friend needs a place to stay . ''
` ` i ' m sure cloud will put you up at his place . ''
i got no money either , but i do n't want no pay , just a place to hole up for the winter .
i can do 'bout anything you need doing and i 'd admire to have some place out of the cold to wait out the winter .
an out - of - work and out - of - money traveler who is just on his way to warmer parts of the country , and needing a place to lay over this winter .
got no place to go and nowhere to go back to .
i ve no place to go back to , so i just keep going on .
i was in a small apartment , much smaller than my place , and her hand was so very dainty compared to the dump she lived in , like a special china teacup in the middle of a jungle .
he suggested we get another home , a bigger , nicer place , in the village .
she stood up and said , meet me at my place at seven on friday .
dad was okay with her having a quiet little life and staying in a place she found safe .
i picked you up from her place .
no , its just that its my place , i tried to explain .
i have a place too , its just not work .
we were supposed to meet at noon today at my place .
it was her place , like she was the owner .
i could go to barbies , but instead i thought of all the people at the beacon and how they no longer would have a place to go .
i sat on the ground , and each time people came looking to go inside , i told them what was going on and that i was going to find a new place for us all .
this is where i belong , making these people who accept me have a place to go .
i want you to meet me at my place at seven in the morning .
at your place ?
i remember on the eve of grandpas death him urging me to learn the skills : people always have to have a place to live mary , follow your father as he did me .
finding a place okay , you re 20 years old and full of life .
actually , i was wondering if you would come over to my place .
every time i stop by his place , he s out .
i wondered if i would feel any different if i really were single , with no place but a bachelor apartment to return to at the end of my trip .
to make that possible , we moved her into my place over the long fourth of july weekend .
we started the morning with a small , private party at my place .
cain came over early to help me get the place ready for evelyns birthday party .
we implicated him in our police statement at the cabin , and they sent a squad car out to lyle-2s place .
though i once thought i could live in tillsburg , that really would have only been for affordability , a cheap place to sleep while my real lifeschool , stores , the barstook place twenty miles away in champaign .
the intense central illinois heat sweltered the apartment all day long , and during the night the place never completely cooled down .
vicki and dago swell got a place of their own and valerie quit her job at the mallhow could she do otherwise ?
i looked at the dirty grout between the tiles in his shower , the shaving cream can with the rusted bottom , the mildew - covered opaque shower curtain , same kind as i had at my place you could buy for one - ninety - nine at wal - mart .
she left for her place , to get ready for another monday at work ; and i hopped a bus to pondicherry .
it was feared that to send a janissary to the place of his childhood would mean a possibility of creating a rift between his worlds .
perhaps something in his eye showed his intent flowed from places unknown to me .
she thought , why did nt i insist to manny that i keep cleaning rather than managing the place ?
i ve never been able to explain to anyones satisfaction why i am not quite happy in either place .
i say , i have the place to myself .
to maybe , bring a woman back to your place if you so desired .
chapter 2 swashbuckling at spooks winter quarter jay phoned and said he would stop by my place around eight .
all of the apartment entrances faced the ocean , and the view was especially good from the second level , where izys place was .
we did nt have a place to stay , any jobs , and only enough money to last for two or three weeks .
he and some other groupies threw an outrageous bash at his place .
zoe had finally found us a place to live .
zoe kept talking : he then asked me , rather protectively , why i wanted to rent his place .
eddy got himself another beer and did nt answer my question ; instead he invited us to a late - night party at his place , after the club shut down at two oclock .
she gave me some bullshit about going over to her place for a nightcap .
* * * eddy said he just got out of bed when abbey , jay , sly and i arrived at his place .
what do you think i ought to do with this place ?
what on earth am i going to do with this place ?
ya know , there s a small farm not too far from our place just down the road a piece .
if there are problems in these relationships , the child has no place to turn .
to be honest , that had been her first thought when mom was explaining the divorce and how dad would now be living in the place where he sometimes stayed over , closer to his work .
there was a college fund for the three of them , but it would nt be enough for expensive private places .
in san francisco , karen was lucky to afford her shared place , and when she ever got a car , she would join the frustrated neighbors chasing down a parking spot .
the original setting , the diminutive yard at dads place , proved too small .
he had been waking up around noon since he got home to moms place he probably had no idea it was anywhere close to anyones dinner time .
she doubted he really understood that moms move and dads marriage meant that now this would be the place he spent the rest of his college breaks , however many more years that lasted .
dad wandered in and out of the room a couple times , self important with his own set of tasks , readying the house for the guests , trying to baby proof the place .
she would have to start working longer hours , especially once she was back in her own place .
who could probably afford a nice place down in palo alto or even atherton , but would prefer a loud neighborhood in the heart of the city .
they could find a way to decently heat the place , hook up fast wireless , and he could spend his time scheming up serious actions .
jackie tried not to totally scold him , but she did make a point of explaining how carefully she and tony had timed selling their old place and buying back in the city .
he had eventually started to come around , after her careful and humble apologies , after convincing him that she and joy really had nt known about it much longer , after showing him the legal documents and explaining that with moms years in the retirement place and medical bills there really was no estate to be pillaged .
the dogs , her job , a long period of house hunting and overseeing the sale of the old place , moving , decorating .
the therapeutic window by steve low copyright 2013 steve low smashwords edition ah but i was so much older then i m younger than that now bob dylan book 1 chapter 1 seeing the photograph of joanna brought the song into my head , and with it came a flush of wellbeing , an incongruous feeling , standing as i was in the home of graham davenport - the place where i had failed to meet many expectations .
i was relieved to have something sorted out so easily , avoiding the stress of having to hustle for a place to live in the outside world .
they d sold the house in kelburn obviously the two couples could no longer live next to each other and francis had bought a new place in khandallah , several kilometres away .
as a young girl she would spend her weekends down at the local uso trying to do whatever she could to give the local servicemen a place to go when they were home on a break from the war .
she refused to get married simply because she had gotten pregnant so we just got a place together and went on with finishing college and building a life together , hoping one day to tie the knot and make it official .
this morning as we were holding each other and kissing , i told him to go to kate , the real kate , that she was waiting for him and he could be with his true love forever ; that i was staying here in my world , a place that he did nt belong .
he felt the ghost of his father hanging around this place like an unspoken question .
a sexy honeymoon at 63 perhaps there were sexy moments , but the two were so happy to have found each other and to be in a place that was untouched by both their eyes .
when he had a place of his own , those items would leave this abode , not just the guitar .
misery draped this place like the permanent sofa coverings , and julia tried to move , but plastic clung to her skin , would probably rip it off if she attempt to flee .
phil could have bought them a new place outright , julia could have offered a sweet down payment , but chuck would nt take a single penny from either of them , which phil respected and julia lamented .
chapter 6 so hey phil , i went by your place , saw your honda was gone .
she had been checking on phils house for a time , and never felt anything of sunshine galveston in that place , but maybe phil would .
stopped by your place , crystal said you were here .
i do nt even clean my own place phil .
at your place .
no , she s just letting me stay at her place , they have an attic they re letting me use .
i m thinking of moving out , buying a place on the coast .
the rooms filled my need for a place , that was all i needed , a 10 by 10 room , proud i was able to minimize things to such an extreme .
you can always stay over my place .
uncle ethan had the guest house all cleaned out last week so we can just move on in til we go and find a place of our own .
juanita , sage said , there s no way i m going to allow you to stay at your place tonight .
there s no reason to expose you to the danger of going back to your place .
sage nodded and called for a wagon to take them back to their place .
joe sent one of his men back to his place to let bonnie and her folks know that everything was all right , and he would be home in a few hours .
ill be at your place tomorrow to see how carlos is doing .
he even asked me to go to his place and ask him to talk to editor saheb as he was not picking up the call , the chief reporter replied to the general manager in utter confusion .
what i make out of your story is first , i do not understand the language of my people and their problems and secondly , there are too many problems in the place i own .
mayank had come to utkarshs place even before he came back from office and was helping her in the kitchen .
utkarsh knew ashish would come late as he would go home first , take his daily quota of whisky and then come to his place as he too , like mayank did not drink and did not allow any at his place .
utkarsh knew ashish would come late as he would go home first , take his daily quota of whisky and then come to his place as he too , like mayank did not drink and did not allow any at his place .
late in the morning , when mayank left her place and reached home , all he wanted was a quiet and lazy monday to rewind and relive the sunday moments .
he knows it very well that it is just five - six hours drive from your place .
you know , melissas a sophomore in high school , and we could use the extra money when she s ready for college , and the wife and i , we are nt too far from retirement age , and we were talking the other day about maybe it d be nice if we could buy a place in florida and not have to spend our retirement shoveling snow in new england .
the cottage had no telephone , no shower or bathtub , and no indoor heat , though the gas stove warmed the place well enough if joan baked three or four pies and kept the porch door closed .
however , armand said he had some rowdy people in the memorial day slot who always left the place a mess , and he could nt stand them , particularly the wife , so he told claude he d tell them not to come back and claude and joan could have the cabin each memorial day weekend if they wanted it .
since your grandfather got voted out , the place has fallen apart , no doubt about that , absolutely fallen apart .
i know a fat pig who would love to sleep at your place two or three times a week .
last night i called connie and asked can i spend some time at her place , but on the ride i decided to give you one more chance , one last freaking chance to be decent , but no , here you are being a total ass .
your place is here , in your home , where you belong , here , in your family room , in your kitchen , in your garden , not 45 minutes away at the beach while your husband and your daughter do your chores on top of their own .
you ever go back to your old place ?
clothes just lying in piles around the place .
yours truly has kept this place shipshape for almost fifty .
the kids were going to stay at peters brothers place for the day .
with tom in the lead , we ran up the hill and around the corner to his place , not even stopping to catch our breath .
not like my mum who s always complaining that the place looks like a bomb hit it .
i offered to get ed and shortie and meet tom at his place .
ed was nt home , but shortie was , so we walked back to toms place together .
their place must smell like a cheese factory .
i do nt know why though , cameron kelly has asthma , and he s always at our place playing with brian .
our place and shorties place are the same , only opposite .
shortie cursed for forgetting to call in at eds on his way to my place .
i ran the short distance to diannes place , taking extra care not to knock over any of the awful garden gnomes leering at me from her front veranda .
and since stephen often went to marks place after school , maggie frequently had the place to herself .
i like going to his place .
the creek was nt a normal creek like the one that runs through the bush at my place , it was massive .
he could nt carry them on his bike so he left it at our place and walked home .
if we knew the way , i reckon we could walk all the way to my place under the roads .
the stress of work seeped away as she sat looking at how little the place had changed since the last time she had visited .
teatime at our place is always noisy .
his place smelled delicious , even on a full tummy .
that left just tom and me , so we left eds place and walked back down the hill towards my place .
that left just tom and me , so we left eds place and walked back down the hill towards my place .
of course we did , the police were at my place this morning , i said with an air of authority .
for as long as maggie could remember , saturday afternoon barbeques at their place had been a tradition .
i decided that , since my exams were over , it was time i got myself a little r and r. then , before i knew it , i accidentally found myself driving past your place .
sometimes mum goes to her place instead .
shed changed rooms since i d last been at her place .
we walked back to my place and squeezed through the gap in the back fence where the palings were missing .
i got up and ran as fast as i could to diannes place .
when i was a kid , we knew our place .
okay , i said , and whispered to hendrix , i doubt that ill visit her place ever again .
my goodness , the place looks like a bomb hit it , she said entering the lounge room .
were having christmas lunch at our place this year .
mrs oreilly is coming over this afternoon , so i d like to have the place looking respectable .
i ran all the way down the hill to my place .
that s right ; we try to spend a couple of weeks at our holiday place in martinsville during the school break .
jim dropped me off out the front of my place .
i walked to toms place and knocked on the door .
i bounced on his bed , which was not yet made , and said in a stern voice , tommy , look at this mess , the place looks like a bomb hit it .
we d probably just eat at my place anyway so we would nt have to come back here while only the undertaker was home .
we walked down the street and past my place .
the path to the right of us led around to the bush between our place and the school .
looking at the place now , there s no way i could tell there d been a fire .
his street joins the one that goes all the way around the block and comes out in front of my place .
* * * mum was in a flap cleaning the place up and making food for the party .
she got the impression that janes parents were not too keen on the idea of her bringing a young man home , because she never seemed to invite stephen back to her place .
do nt be like that shaz , said uncle dave , i did nt mean it ; its just that were always at your parents place and i hardly ever get to see my family .
she wanted to stay at her parents place ; she reckons its not right that they should have to spend christmas alone .
its only two doors from our place , which means mum and dad can check on us easily .
he thanked god for the absence of cars out front , which meant that jane was no longer there , and then thanked him a second time when he found stephens note advising him that he was staying at marks place and would return tomorrow .
i m going to my cousins place until thursday , so do nt have it before then , said raelene .
his note had said that he was staying at marks place , but peter had called earlier on in the day and marks father said that he d left that morning .
we d already arranged to go to eds place for a swim in his pool when tom got back .
did he go back to his mums place ?
roger had already left with peters premier and was on his way back to peter 's place , which meant that peter had to ignore his urge to cruise around for hours and drive straight home instead where both roger and mary were waiting for him .
without understanding how we got there , shortie and i were standing by the creek behind my place , and tom and his new monaro were nowhere to be seen .
bellbird cottage had always been a special place for them , despite the circumstances under which they had acquired it .
the place we have her at is just temporary , but were hoping - wait a minute !
` ` i suppose he 's spending the night at his girl friend 's place . ''
the dormer windows did nt offer much view of the nearby council estate but for the first time since franks death , johnny had a place to call home .
she refused his invitation to come back to his place and would nt even part with her telephone number .
but that would nt help the demo as shed surely have to find a new place to live .
he understood how alien and un - homely the place must feel to her ; knowing earl would never be back .
i told her no , no let 's go to my place .
she nodded , okay , she said , your place .
joanna falls into that bed into the arms of the younger woman they cling to each other under the cleansing descent of a pure darkness and in that place that mausoleum they are alive so terribly alive .
the house had been younger then and heading towards ruin they simply did n't have the time or money to keep up the place properly could only let it go instead inch by inch back to the earth she thought that soon there would be trees taking root inside and growing their hungry leaves up and out the windows and door vines tearing away shingles root systems gnawing at the foundations the earth itself rejecting their presence .
/ good / i wo n't lie it 's not glamorous work largely secretarial largely bullshit you 'll probably hate it a lot of the time but there will be perks real perks not some dental plan bullshit / you 'll be in direct contact with a man who i believe and i believe you believe is one of the great artists of our time one of the greatest living writers there are people who would kill for this chance probably literally you 'll go places with him organize appearances manage his schedule blah blah but you 'll also be assisting him in his writing who knows maybe you 'll even have some creative input on some level but for god 's sake do n't tell him i said that and do n't volunteer anything unless he asks for it !
see you back at your place .
well i hope you re coming to our place for dinner , said belinda .
i know your place is always spotless , but just remember to keep it in the computer case ; keeps the dust out .
he only leaves it at your place because you ve got an empty garage .
she was sick often but always found the energy to keep the place scoured and clean .
i got places said the girl .
i had been living at his place so i had nowhere to go when i got out of the hospital .
but i got work after that and eventually got my own place so its cool now .
henry crawford had a great dislike of settling in one place ; but he kindly escorted his sister into northamptonshire , and as readily engaged to fetch her away again , at half an hour 's notice , whenever she might be weary of it .
if anybody had told me a year ago that this place would be my home , i should not have believed them .
his scheme was to rent the house himself the following winter , that he might have a home of his own in that neighbourhood ; not merely for the use of it in the hunting - season , ( as he said ) , for his attachment to that neighbourhood did not depend upon one amusement or one season of the year : he had set his heart upon having a place that he could come to at any time , a home where his holidays might be spent , so that he might continue that friendship with the mansfield park family which was increasing in value to him every day .
such a man could come from no place , without importing something to amuse ; his journeys and his acquaintances entertained susan in a way quite new to her .
his furniture was basic and unmatched but he bought a nice big bed and he liked the space it gave him in the evenings , to come home to his own place and to cook a basic meal , of what was going cheap that week at the supermarket , and he even allowed himself an occasional beer that he chilled right down to freezing .
he left with her shouting curses at him out into the street , and as he cycled to his little place he resolved not to hate her for her anger , and resolved also to be grateful for his little place down by the river where he was allowed to be who he was without curses and imprecations being wished on his head whether he deserved them or not .
the actual rental agreement for the basement had been signed by justin wheeler ; for the summer months a verbal agreement had been reached with a second tenant , bill decker ; and now a pint - sized girl from japan happened to be occupying the place and who knew for how long ?
why would she suddenly show up here at my place ?
you came to visit me yesterday at my place .
maybe you two should just find a place together and you and your precious can finally make each other happy .
when george explained the source of the walls and then explained the lovely gazebo surrounding the most distant walnut tree , she knew she was in a place where people lived with such intensity and high expectations that she was sure she would nt belong .
ian dragged his ladies into the garage and amandas heart began to slowly rev higher and higher as she realized that this was where tom had spent many hours and days , and was the place he said he was happiest .
its so we have a place to go when we felt hurt or angry , or just want to be by ourselves .
he suggested that she might want to find a place that was just her own outside her condo , a place where her deepest feelings were safe .
come back to my place with me right now and make love with me and you wo nt be able to deny what you feel any more .
and finally out of fear and tension and growing anxiety that was almost sexual in intensity she finally called him and agreed to meet him at his place that friday evening .
she knew that when she would have her visitation days with amanda that they would go to a place like the one they were in , but it would never ever possibly be like it was when they were all together .
were going to my place nearby .
chapter 9 the next week was the first time since amanda was two years old that her family spent a week together in the place that they lived .
where she had expected to crash after the shock of quitting her job and having no place to go and nothing to do , laura was completely amazed that instead of being bored and uncomfortable she and amanda were neither .
at least i ve got a place to stay and somebody who s supposed to love me .
after the emergency room they went to waynes friends place and megan sat at the computer crying at last , as she typed and told tom everything that had happened .
i suppose it would be good if they found a place to be where they d be appreciated , where they would nt be just an old forgotten dream .
he made sure we have a place for all time .
he gave us a place to be ourselves .
after that , i was hoping we could find a little place on a lake and i could become a folksy country lawyer and you could write books .
that was why the only thing ian could imagine to resist the pressure of time was having something real that might survive into the future , and the only thing he could imagine like that was a place he loved , a place his family felt they belonged for the rest of their lives .
that was why the only thing ian could imagine to resist the pressure of time was having something real that might survive into the future , and the only thing he could imagine like that was a place he loved , a place his family felt they belonged for the rest of their lives .
you ca nt stay here forever , and besides , would nt it be nice to have a place close to nature , even if it was only a cottage ?
just look around our place .
we crash at their place following a heavy night of catching up and drinking .
it is most unkempt , as if no one ever cared or looked after the place .
funny how this seems like a palace compared to all of the other places we have been billeted .
we thanked him profusely but knew we had to find a place to stay .
michele hated when her parents broke up but agreed with her mother that they needed to have some place to call home for more than a year or two .
with his expertise and facility at organizing people , he just might make himself a fixture here and hence , make for himself , for the very first time in his long , lonely life , a place truly and lastingly to call home .
this even seemed to be in the case in winter , when it would otherwise be safe to assume he d have but few places to go .
it is a strange thing : i have experienced so much these past few decades that if i went back to my place of birth , those layers of new self i have accumulated over the years might just shed away like unwanted skin to nothingness and i might become that foolish little boy again .
` ` maybe we could go up to your place for a drink '' , i suggested , but she shook her head .
tim went on ahead and sat down on a spindle chair , as if he owned the place , in a room at the back near the kitchen .
the house looked like a repo - man ransacked the place .
i see you are ready to jettison out of this place , i said while he loaded two boxes into the hall .
will you go back to your brothers place now ?
dad left us alone and went home to her place to take a shower .
so its there at your place ?
he d be up the path in about ten minutes , so she had time to cut a rose before he came , cheer the place up a bit .
i think he would have slapped her , told her to shut up , and get out of his place .
that guy keeps his place real good .
a few days later i drove by his place , and on impulse , turned in to see how he was mending up .
i arranged a combine and two grain carts to hit his place on friday morning .
neither one of us lived on the river , so we carried the boat between old man crenshaws house and the boysen twins place , older girls who never knew we existed .
` ` why do n't you just collect what you need and you can stay at my place until you get straightened out . ''
she woke up when he turned off the engine at his place .
the taurus was towed over to roxy 's place , a run - down victorian house she shared with two girls who worked at the casino .
janie wished fervently that she had another place to stay .
she clamped down hard on the stupid ache in her chest , turned and trudged up the hill toward roxy 's place .
the engine sounded like it was in pain , but it did n't quit on her as she drove back to pete 's place .
i was outside my place smoking a cigarette , and he walked right up to me .
i will have to figure out a way to get him to come up to my place though , because every time i knock on his door he tells me that i am interrupting his two beer time or else he pretends like he has a female guest .
i do nt believe that though because i have never seen anyone other than him go into his place .
i figure it would be best to do that rather than let donald feel like he could order me around in my own place .
ben told me that coats is homeless , but he has a brother that lets him keep his clothes at his place and use his shower , which would probably explain why he is always at the library .
his place is not in the best neighborhood , but seeing as i am wearing the same clothes that i had worn for the past two days , and had just slept for four hours sitting at a table in a public building , i figure that i will emit enough of an unsound vibe that nobody would bother me .
the walk to bens apartment from my place takes about twenty minutes .
she says i have a place i stay with my cousin , but she s at work oh i say i had my own apartment , but my daughter got into some trouble , and after i got done helping her out , i ended up short on rent i might be able to help you out ; i do some work for an apartment company it 's not that .
i say why do nt you take him in to your place , i will go upstairs and get the food i follow donald into the building , and he carries the cat into his first floor apartment .
for calling them and all that he says i m glad the cat has a place to live i say i walk out of the apartment and into the hallway .
i told her about the head , and you , and how you have nt been at the library , and how you came to my place , and how you were out there talking to that guy who drinks the mouthwash what did she say ?
donald is wrong about my place too , i am certain the girl from the museum knows the difference between minimalist and spartan .
i will also be around ; maybe i can even stop by your place sometime , if you want .
i was scared to walk by a black person , could nt understand why they hated white people so much and why ... why they were torching their own places .
i am happy with this place but i really do not know what i can learn about yoga and anything else , which could be of benefit for me .
they only like their own place , but were only supposed to like theirs .
then i had to pick up old mrs . ogden at her sons place and he lives halfway to nogales out on that horrible road to the reservation where everybody gets killed and you know i do nt care to drive out there at night all on my lonesome .
my home was the kind of place people fled to when they were dying of tuberculosis , suffering from asthma , or enduring arthritis .
and that business with the ballast resistor if the man was previously married and paying a mortgage on his own place , he probably took more than just a passing interest in home repairs .
no , just drop by my place at around eight oclock .
this would nt have anything to do with the cop car in front of your place earlier this afternoon ?
i m going to rent my own place after the beginning of the year , jason said .
anywhere near santa fe besides your friends place would be expensive , he answers .
i suppose we ve gotten spoiled , these weeks , to expect to have places mostly to ourselves .
young people now could nt understand the sheer joy you could get just from having a place of your own .
walts folks never had owned their own place he d been born poor , grew up poor , got sent off to war just when things were getting better back at the end of the hard times .
his wife cleaned the place spotless , he says , and she s looking forward to going home just as we are .
i m coming straight to your place and keeping you in bed for days .
we had nt really talked about it , but if its between my tiny apartment above the club and your tiny apartment above the bakery , we should probably go with your place .
i m just wondering when you can come by my place so we can pick up where we left off last night ?
while sam had never claimed he did nt like me or my son , joey , i was unsure how he felt about our presence in this home , a place that used to hold just him and his dad .
next time well hang at my place and ill decide what to do , i promise .
sam still had nt brought any of his things over from his moms , but was pleased to have a place to call his own in his dads new house .
he was the only one who lived in his home , the place trashed with beer cans and a sink full of dishes .
its partly because we wanted to invite you to a party at our place but also i wanted to prove to jim that i m not scared of the dark .
hey - why do nt you come to our place and well have something to eat and catch up .
she called into the library to ask dinah if she had heard any more from lucky about the get away plans and was told that he was coming to her place this particular evening to put her in the picture .
before taking lucky to his place dinah wanted to check on mins welfare .
as he drove home after dropping min off at her place , michael / lucky reflected on mins character .
how come you did nt see me when i walked past her place ?
we want to have a party at our place when we come back - if we ve got the job .
second , the idea that that place was still her home when she had married and briefly set up her own , reduced her to imminent tears .
tell you what - when you ve finished come to my place and fill me in on the details .
the updates of the cyclones path were not encouraging so min suggested that he move into her place until the coast was clear .
jim asked robert how much damage there had been to his house and he said that he and min had been together at her place for mutual support .
robert and jim both came home that evening so polly went back to their place and robert said he was relieved to sleep in the bed he had come to call his own .
it felt nice to absorb the livelihood of the place , having spent the last four hours unpacking , resting and taking a shower .
forgive me if i curse you , brother , and fire bullets at the rain the unlikely thought of freedom the equipment is broken this place is a dump i want to make love but she wants to hump what do you say when fresh fruit turns rotten ?
he did nt know anyone and had no place to go .
` ` first thing tomorrow , '' rico said as he hunkered down in front of her , ` ` i ' m going to look for our own place . ''
and it 's good to have a place to stay in manila . ''
drugs are dangerous , was a refrain that he d heard a thousand times before , at school , on tv , and here at fathers house , a place where , ironically , most of its young inhabitants had more than a passing familiarity with most illicit drugs .
pulling a trash bag from the pantry , he methodically went about the business of getting the place in order .
which he must have been good at , because now and then you d meet some art person at his place , saying nice things , or at least neutral things , about his stuff .
he always did have a taste for it , and there was generally plenty of it around his place in the old days .
she 's a pure white shorthair with shocking blue eyes , and she occupies the corridors , chairs , laps , and linen closets of the place with ferocious self - esteem .
then , he neglected to find another place to live after he sold the house , so he lived out of his car when he did nt have the kids and lived in a hotel when he had the kids .
i do nt have any other place to live and i would nt know what to do .
i m not sure if i will ever get to the place where i can act like a real dad and actually get away with it , though .
i never thought we could find a place better than little palm island , but i think this is even more perfect .
it feels like we have this whole place to ourselves .
in his mind , it would displace her and force her to find a new place to live .
no , but i do know the fellow he met up with when they left my place .
that place is so mysterious , people will have to look up to the second floor and see my place .
charlie waved her off as she walked in looking the place over .
you promise me that if you need a place to stay , you come find me and let me take care of you .
you should know he s been convicted of two duis , so he could be at any bar between here and his place .
every wealthy cityor statehas cheap places to live .
wait til you see my place .
that day we completely cleaned up old mrs . font 's place .
as i walked along the street towards his place i saw what looked at first like a lumpy bag of old clothes someone had tossed in the gutter .
` ` got no place to call my own .
needs medical attention , besides a place to stay . ''
i could tell janell was too -- and also that she was getting ready to ball him and tell him he needed to go live in a decent place .
after the second interview , talukdar was sure he knew enough to get by - he closed his eyes and thought of his home and the time almost 4 years ago when he had come to a place really far from home .
to her husband mrs . gascoigne said , i hear mr . grandcourt has got two places , but comes to diplow for the hunting .
then he told me that i need not act any longer ; he wished me to visit him at his beautiful place , where i might be queen of everything .
the place was intolerable without you .
you wo nt mind sitting down in our family place and waiting a bit for me , if i m not in when you come , sir ?
i actually have a place , and you re not going to believe the price .
finally i agreed that if i had nt found a job in a month , they could start showing my place again .
nori was visiting home , so for the first few days , claire and i had the place to ourselves .
shed start showing my place immediately and want to kick me out if someone wanted it .
if i just seemed like i had places to be , i thought , then maybe they would think i actually had a life .
for the first time i felt hopeful , really hopeful , that not only would i become a respectable adult , but also find my own place in the city , with jobs and friends and roommates that made me feel like i belonged .
that s close by my place .
i had a place to live , a place to work , and new people to share it with .
i had a place to live , a place to work , and new people to share it with .
i rubbed my temples , trying to think through how long i had to find another place on my tiny budget .
the place i m going to move into .
lisbeth had walked in soon after , quizzing me about furniture preferences and move - out strategies for our new place .
evan moved in with friends ; i found a cheap place in queen anne , a rented room in an old mansion .
creepy and weird was how joanna had described the place , asking me why i did nt want to just sublet for the next eight months , and move in with her later , when her lease came up .
i went to your old place , but evan told me you had moved .
how had i managed to come to full term and been birthed into such a place as this ?
` ` do you want to come over to my place ? ''
we could always just go back to my place later if you like .
they arranged it so that wells would come to the white hart after the gig and take theo and the kit back to his place for an afternoon jam session .
mindful that martine was coming round to his place that evening , he left his friends earlier than the traditional five thirty to air his room and make sure that the volleyball playing women of the observer magazine were not on show .
the garage is a very good church , its nice we have a place to go .
there were eggs burning in the skillet , filling the place with smoke .
brandon also told me in our phone conversation , that bobby was welcome to crash at his place anytime , and asked me to relay that message to him .
and i ignored the sarcasm and said , tell me , mr . thistlethwaite , where s the place you call home ?
we ve been living on the third floor for five years now and have never seen inside his place .
in the confusion i do nt think mr . thistlethwaite even noticed i slipped into his apartment under the pretense of trying to help out while actually my trained eyes were casing the place out .
in fact i saw once in a movie the apartment of a character who was a librarian that the detective had to interview , and i have to admit mr . thistlethwaites place reminded me of that set in the movie .
you ll be selling your place i expect , mr . thistlethwaite , i said as i took the key .
my job starts in three weeks and we d like to be married so we can find a place to live and start our lives together .
iii regina was often aware that having new york city as your hometown , the place you would return to if you needed to get back to your roots and be comforted , was strange .
she saw some of this same tendency in drew , struggling to be an actor and insecure in his own work , when , the first time he had come to her loft and saw the large number of paintings , both finished and in process , a place full of everything needed to paint and used seemingly without hesitation , a testament to commitment and accomplishment .
so nina loved getting home to the place set up specifically for her , like a dress made to order .
her first thought was to stop the threats by taking marius old advice and move to a new place with a new address unknown to the bomber .
regina had gotten rigid about places she would go in the city , never wanted to be away on vacation , and did nt go to see drew in the theater anymore .
michael and i hit upon this trick one chaotic sunday morning when my keys went mia and i ransacked the place into a state of burglary interruptus before remembering that michael had my spare set .
he headed to his place , where wayne stood in the open doorway ; i blew them both a kiss and headed to mine .
as usual , any mention of my place had me off and running at the mouth .
this meant there was actually a chance of sneaking into my place without the guys seeing us but as i unlocked the door waynes voice blared through the twilight like a trumpet .
he 'd tell himself that robin would n't have invited him back to her place and shown him this extremely enticing bed if she was n't hoping to share it with him , so let 's get it on , already !
he never expected robin to invite him to her apartment , and he 'd been shocked when he walked into her place and felt instantly at home .
i ve got something all ready to go at my place . ''
jared coming to my place became a regular thing .
` ` i was halfway to your place today before i remembered i was supposed to be going to work .
chapter 10 : friday on my mind -- robin the first weekend i stayed at jared 's place was a major adventure .
` ` you trust me with a key to your place ? ''
` ` she needs some stuff from her place .
` ` she 's over at my place , the better for wayne to fuss over her .
it finally got so bad i left work and drove out to her place . ''
next time jared called i said , ` ` why do nt i just drive up to your place friday nights and stay with you ?
i was almost at jared 's place when i realized i had nt left the guys a note or a voice mail .
` ` the nightmare kicked in when i got back to my place , and it has n't left me alone since .
one time when i was at your place i walked all the way to the park and back trying to wear myself out .
when i said it did nt make sense for him to keep his old place since he was spending every possible second at mine , he showed up the next weekend with all his earthly possessions .
within a month he d found a job closer to our place .
` ` and gabe told me his place is available for a mountain getaway any time our little hearts desire .
unwashed dishes in the sink , books strewn all over the place .
i think you saw annas mother several times over the years at my place .
we went over to deliver that mail of theirs that came to your place when you were away .
why was i only now realizing that i could not really believe in the superiority of another place until i had dealt with what was here in my childhood place .
oh well , now i ' ve got the place to myself ( spreading his arms wide ) .
hey , thanks for the wonderful place to stay , do n't worry about a thing , we 'll be responsible .
racked and soused and having kicked at the furniture , burned a bushel of incense , stunk up the place with stupid - drunk vomit .
- they are back at his place : two luminescent trails in the fog - from here to there : there being not even so much his place as their presence : at once he pours some wine , she lights a cigarette , they offer themselves , lips to lips : of glass to glass : tipping their blood : sipping : it is the magical moment , for he has no self - control , he has no self - awareness : it is their awareness , their self - control : two bodies merging , slipping into each other , drifting through each other : her not slipping off her skin but rather peeling his : unadorning him , lifting off his shirt as if uncovering a lost treasure ; loosening his trousers ; untying his shoes : it is a singular motion of fascination - each action is one of intrigue , she discovering , but more , he discovering : being discovered !
beyond , in some doomed warship out there , an emperor grieved for the only thing he had ever cared for in life , tried to bring him back from a place where even he could nt go .
but being elizabeth , ever the pragmatist , she quickly adjusted as best she could to the radical realignment of her reality , busily diving in to help the kumiyaay and luis and the occasional other healers ( who showed up to put the singleton home back together again ) , feeding them , brewing coffee for them , and offering them a place to sleep .
it no longer looked much like the place in which he d spent the last twelve years .
anyway , i know the lake and there s only a couple of cottages it could be , i mean his place .
he d made that into the roof beam of his place , clearing out the branches underneath and adding them to the sides .
i spent the night at my sisters place , contemplating light , and playing my part .
come to my place one day and we can talk about these things better than in here ; the bar is no place for such discussion .
at least i have my own place to go to , but my head is in turmoil knowing that at any moment my parents can change my situation .
* theo left the faramdoulas house and moved in with the damaras brothers who offered him a place to stay in dar - es - salaam while an alternative future was further plotted .
he heard him greet a woman called marisha , explaining to her that he had arranged a room for her at his place .
i will take you to meet her when she s settled in at my place .
my mother and her mother came to rent a place in the same town house .
* * * races trailer looked old enough to be the first place noah rented when he got off the ark , and i was pretty sure i recognized the mobile home park from a recent episode of cops .
dishes overflowed the sink , dirty clothes peeked out from under the coffee table , and the whole place smelled like a jiffy lube .
it was nice having the place to myself , at least until my channel surfing landed me on lord of the flies .
the place still looked pathetic at seven oclock when the charger pulled into the driveway , but at least you could see the floor .
not sure what else to do , i called kasey , who told me she had nt seen race since he left her place the day before .
it looked like the place had nt been swept in a month .
after being locked up for a month with a bag of reeking garbage under the sink , the place smelled totally rank .
willow punched in her club card , the phone number from the place she lived ten years ago .
sometimes i think i need to find a place for them .
our place , he said , and walked toward the front door .
in a moment she was out the door and halfway to the security of her own place .
i could set you up in your own place , a nice one .
it would give her a place to come tonot quite under our roof , but close enough that we would see her often .
if you need a place of your own to be happy , all you have to do is ask .
back to her folks place , i assume .
through his teeth dane said , you would be served right if she did choose to leave this place for good , and sued you right into bankruptcy .
you probably find itamazing to discover a place so lacking in the basics ofmodern life .
so , why then have you left a place of such great material comfort and apparent orderliness for a place like this ?
if i were you , i d look for a different place to stay for the night .
i just never got it together to rent a place of my own .
the bedroom had all the paraphernalia of childhood - toys , videos , cassettes , clothes and comics - thrown all around the place .
there are traces of blood in the kitchen , and knives and things thrown all over the place .
it worked quite well until he moved out and took a place of his own .
` ` shall i come over and clean up your place ? ''
they had returned to sam jaffre 's place the day after their night visit - dragged the police along .
` ` i think it 's time we moved out of this place . ''
we already agreed to save for our own house and we have this place rent free ... well , at least nobody has asked for rent .
` ` we 'll look for another place to live , as soon as we come back from mother 's , '' liz said , cooing into his ear .
liz invited me to your place ... hope you do n't mind .. tell you all about my travels ... you wo n't believe where i ' ve been .
` ` then we go to my place .
after that nobody wanted to move into that place and i just let it fall apart .
i brought that over from my place .
on second thought , if something happens , get your bike and ride as fast as you can to your aunt wisdoms place and tell her what s going on .
it overflows and spills soapsuds all over the place .
the place was nt any smaller than the house she was living in and a heck of a lot bigger than the cabin back home .
channie needs a place to stay until they cool off .
channie was nt ready to forgive momma and daddy , but she needed a place to stay .
the place smelled like mildew , but channie did nt care .
this place had seemed like a palace just four months ago .
he bounded up the steps onto the porch and held the door open , ushering channie and josh inside as if he owned the place .
my dad spent a fortune on the log cabin he bought in breckenridge and its not anywhere near as cool as this place .
and anyone could come by and bust up the place and do all kinds of harm .
just a few doors from my place , i pulled up beside joe delby 's car parked on the curb .
starting at our place , we 'll work our way north to the airport , then back down to frank 's .
i just told him not to leave his place on saturday afternoon , that i had a surprise for him .
ten minutes later we were at their place , and they had my pants down .
oh what a bad luck for the silly girls at your place !
i told him that i had to consult my parents who lived at a distant place and requested him to accompany me along with sita to my place .
she had never gone before out of her place and every thing she came upon raised her curiosity .
the place was about two miles from their place .
for abra , it was far from new york city and her family and a place to re - invent herself .
hopefully , when i come to your place at thanksgiving well find some time to talk about that .
can i use your balcony to get to my place ?
when they visited charleston , they instantly knew they found the place they wanted to call home .
abra loved the neatness and cleanliness of miss benjamins place .
one day while they were at his summer place at montauk , he asked edith , do you think its healthy for you to be so close with abra ?
she had lived in several apartments since college , but this was the only place that felt like home .
when i was 14 , we were at our place in montauk when he was being particularly sadistic .
the only other place she thought of as home was the dilapidated cottage she and judy shared on sullivan island .
you love the ocean so we can go to my folks place in montauk on weekends .
as they rode in a cab to their place , adam asked , abra , can we tell my parents that you ll be moving here ?
miss cheapskate , its a waste of money for you to rent an apartment , but if you really want to live separately at first , you can rent a place .
in fact , you could probably get my place since i have to sublet it .
what did you do when you cleaned your place ?
i pull into the dirt yard in the front of charles ' place with his little shack off to the right , a barn on the left where his father milks cows .
i ' m working with papa on a fence we 're putting in over on the gerald place on robertson boulevard , between our place and town .
that sounds okay on the surface , but it does n't work so good when it rains and her having such a small place .
i drove by their place , and sure enough , there was charles ' jeep parked out front .
it hits me right then what it would be like for me to have my own place .
` ` the flood did n't even reach your place , besides you went to the movies the other night and did n't take me . ''
i ' m just sitting here thinking about this when up drives a pickup that i have seen before , but never at our place .
the reason i ' m going to aunt loretta 's place to stay is because she 's the one that gave birth to me .
i could lie and say that i ' m going to her place because i have no place else to go .
i could lie and say that i ' m going to her place because i have no place else to go .
i used to feel like this place was mine .
go with me to my place and we 'll see if an ice pack and a cold shower wo n't stop the swelling . ''
i feel like i ' ve been at his place for a week .
i feel like i ' ve never been to her place before .
he lived in that outhouse and did n't set foot on our place for six months , but we 'd see him out in field plowing , dust just boiling up around him like it was his anger .
mama 's and papa 's place does n't seem like home since papa ran me off .
` ` he ca n't chase me off of my own place . ''
an old filled - in slough bed runs through the back of our place , and the only thing that will grow back here is a few cottonwood trees and scraggly bushes .
him and his old man came out to my place just before hershel killed himself .
we got places to be , buzz said still smiling that toothy grin .
they got a place to hole up while we get well , lunker said and hoorahed the beeves ahead of him with a wild sweep of his sweat stained ragged brim hat .
we up and left when after two years they refused to pay either of us more than thirty dollars a month and a place to sleep .
the double eights we already own from our place in tex - is will come in handy too .
your place will be here if you want it .
think i can get him fifty a month and a place to stay , north said .
there was plenty of room , but the two wanted a place of their own .
we can sell it and settle into our own place , bill thought aloud .
he did , after a long lecture by his daughter , feel he d worked all his life to build a place he could leave to his family and they did nt even want it .
his thoughts turned to the grass he grew and the cattle he raised and the garden his wife tended with a handyman who came by during the season and helped around the place .
someone should clean this place up , she said as they drove to the next house .
that s what brought me here to my fathers place , the next afternoon .
joe continued , why do nt we just go back to my place and watch the mets .
i ve been looking for a new place .
you re what holds this place together .
into your place , you want me to move into your place ?
into your place , you want me to move into your place ?
yes , i need a roommate , you need a place with laundry .
your place is being foreclosed , you should move over here .
* * * ` ` have you seen my place ?
we can practice at my place .
there s my crack , jim , a place you can never return to .
were living in a little place in kananook .
` ` if it were n't for me , you would n't even have this place .
the people that burned my place down did n't kill anybody .
what do you want to do about a place to live ?
you ll be able to move into a place of your own with more room and a bath of your own .
besides , when i come home on r & r and on leave well have a place of our own .
that i found us a place for you to come home to ?
i wanted our own place .
why do nt you crash at my place ?
sarah and lindsay were both single and living with their parents , so they decided to start looking for a place they could share somewhere between their two schools .
i want to buy a place for me and sarah , and never want to move again .
it was time to find another place to live .
not only did the place sport every comfy convenience he desired , but he could toss a line from the back deck or stroll along the carefully designed stone steps that meandered down the hillside to a short pier which bordered the stream .
i m just down the block from your place .
lil , why do nt you start unpacking the jeep and ill go in and see if i can warm the place up a little .
they were tidying the place up for the next shift , and howard was getting ready to toss the days beer cans into the compacter when he saw a big red thing on the conveyor .
and the older and lamer he got because of his war injury , the better the place looked .
and like they said , i still have this place .
anyway we got the place into ship - shape .
i ve been running around the place like a chicken with my head cut off searching for you .
five years ago , the last time he was over , the place was still furnished with the same junky tables , worn couches and tattered chairs shed grown up with .
you never have any place to be .
find a place to live .
or at least staying there on a regular basis i was pretty sure he had a girlfriend these days and spent much of his time at her place .
i had heard liza hint , in that under - the - surface way of hers , that she resented it that her brother got to live so cheap in their moms house while she and her husband paid so much more for their own similar sized place .
and we were all relieved to have such a reliable neighbor keeping an eye on the place .
probably he was relieved to have the place to himself ; i think he felt bad when he had to work in the evenings and tune me out while i moved around quietly , trying to stay out of his way .
still comfortable here in his old places and making our lives seem so normal .
i pictured kylie hunched over her computer , toiling away at trying to retrieve what ever data disaster had befallen the place .
her dad scanned the place through narrowed eyes .
` ` i 'd saved some money while living with barrett and decided i wanted my own place instead of another apartment .
milford 's purchase of a house in coulton made more sense if she wanted a place of her own to raise the kid .
he decided it was just tidier ; she 'd clearly gotten the place into shape without doing anything major to the exterior .
call him back right now and tell him we 'll be at his place as close to six as we can make it .
we 'll be at your place as close to six as we can make it .
after that , ill take you home to your place , and then pick you up tomorrow morning in time to get back to crabby bills .
i d have to find another place to crashand that was notin my lifetimegoing to be mias dumpy place .
the place was beat up and run down and definitely not somewhere to go with the family .
how about i take you back to your place or that motel you stayed in at the beach ?
after i finished , he told me that he and cooper would pick me up at my place on the beach first thing in the morning .
i think she felt closer to harvey here , this being the place they spent their first night as husband and wife .
he said i could stay at his place for a while while i figured out what was best .
ill see you over at my place in a little while .
well frankly , myrtle , your place sounds like a lousy place for a coffee break right now .
there s no murder so there s not a huge forensics team taking pictures or roping the place off .
do you have some place to stay tonight , ms . davies ?
then tomorrow i m going to rent a place in the biggest , noisiest apartment house in segovia .
we ve almost finished viewing each of the victims homes , de la pea told moffat we started to think it might be living in older places that would tie together the cases .
after lessons and months of practice her playing had a certain screeching quality that moffat suspected had led to the demise of a gold fish , caused the cat to run away and prompted allison to move to her own place six months earlier than planned .
` ` let 's take all this back to my place , '' suggested the professor .
i think it 's probably best if we discuss this at your place .
hardwick informed flint that he would be at his place as quickly as possible and slammed down the telephone .
i see milly and her three kids joyce helped find them a place to live and a job and helped keep the kids in school .
why do nt i go back to your place and you get them for me .
the place looked only half lived in .
i still have the money from selling our place after marvelle died and i need to get it reinvested or pay the penalties .
we could get some take out and go back to my place .
he had helped berry some to fix the place up , and felt as if some of the credit was his .
some people told him to keep his nose out of their business ... sort of threatened him ... i got him staying at arnold 's place just so he 'll feel safe .
we can just go back to my place or something else ... no , you do n't understand !
pay attention alice , you might learn something about human nature ... instead of just juggling numbers ... this world turns on the nature of the species ... alice compton had grown up in the city , and still owned a place on the north east side these days she was mostly traveling with marie and acting as her executive assistant managing not only the scheduling but also the finances of maries tours .
i left the feds in the interrogation recording room you can come down here my place is secure i m sure of that .
i did n't see a mess , especially compared to my place .
after he said hello he added , ` ` i ' m staying here with a friend until i have enough money to get my own place . ''
jock said he 'd like her to go to his place ; she said she would bring me along .
his instructions turned out to be good and we arrived at his place without mishap .
` ` we do n't have a place to stay . ''
he and his buddies used to come into dad 's place occasionally .
she chattered for a few minutes and then said , we should fly out there this weekend to look for a place to live .
we knew the place had gone purely to hell when jimmy up and moved to miami , of all the damned places .
he still comes in occasionally , although he has a sort of fancy place on the mainland where he spends most of his time .
that was stupid and unnecessary because the place was already immaculate , but it gave him something to do .
this place makes my house look like a pigsty .
if we have a good catch , we can go back to my place and throw it on the grill .
he blurted out , if you are not busy , would you mind if i stopped by your place ?
ray cleared his throat , maybe it took her that long to find a place to buy and make the arrangements , or , he paused for a long time , swallowed hard , and spoke the unspeakable , ... or was she in on it and finally realized the jig was about to be up , so she dug a bolt hole for herself .
turns out the kid mainly wanted to get married and wanted a cheap place to take his wife on a honeymoon .
she invited him back to her place , but he begged off .
though it resembled a cheap hotel room , the place embraced me .
the guys who d mugged me had taken my wallet and keys , then ransacked my place .
it was a place to stay until i got back on my feet ; at least that s what he d said at the hospital .
toys were strewn about the place .
if you came home drunk on a saturday night , you d probably never find your own place .
what if if the neighbors saw or heard anything , the cops would ve been swarming the place .
there was something about coming back to a place that , for eighteen years , had been a source of comfort .
what did they do , go to a bunch of goingoutofbusiness sales to furnish this place ?
i figured he owed me anyway , and his place was nt that far away .
there s plenty of other places someone young and loud and brash would be happier living .
she could have loved having the new couple as neighbours for all she knew ; at least with mr tanners place falling vacant since then we ve been able to offer them a place at last .
now the documentary almost everyone was watching downstairs finished at ten , and so for the next while the place would have been alive with people going up to bed , and with the orderlies checking on people after that .
okay , they own their own flats , which are nt cheap either , but someone has to run that place to budget .
grey shook his head , that place is based on insulation .
you know , you d fit right in at our place .
i hated that i felt betrayed in my own apartment , a place where i was always happy .
i ve seen him at your place enough times , and it was just subtle things he did or said .
so , he s flying back with us tomorrow to spend the weekend at my place , and then hell drive to cincinnati to see his mom .
` ` delaney had me drop off a package at their place , once . ''
it took us at least an hour to get from the airport to eli 's place , and he was not holding back the horses .
if the place did n't catch fire and the dynamite did n't explode , i still had a chance at escapepresuming a floor strewn with broken glass did n't shorten my existence .
` ` you can stay at my place , in dallas .
` ` i followed you out to her place the night you and i got better acquainted in the bushes , across the street .
so , in the morning i went over to her place and told her to get out to eli 's . ''
he 'll be going out to your new place later on today .
she had called grant , the boyfriend i had instantly become jealous of , to tell him what had happened and to let him know that he d have to find another place to stay during the day before heading back into work that night .
had to find a place to live after the bank took the house .
mr . weksler would have one at his place and his ex had the other one .
they had to drive eighty - five miles to get to her place along interstate 80 .
without a speed limit they would be at the turn off to her place in about an hour .
can i use your internet when we get to your place .
he had some of his stuff at her place so he did not show up at work in the same clothes .
i thought that place you live in was safe and respectable !
terrible , a nice old woman should nt be safe from a robbery in her own place .
but surely they noticed the same thing i did , about the place being all in order .
his landlord does nt like it so robin brought her over yesterday and begged me to keep her until he finds a new place to live .
ill wash up and be at your place in half an hour .
the place has needed some work for awhile , but they liked it the way it was , and she did nt want to change anything after he was gone .
it all started , really , back at the old home place in staffordshire .
the place looked as it must have for the past hundred years .
i was nt sure exactly , where her place was , and like i say i was way early , so i parked my car by a park and got out to walk .
this is the place you live !
we tried our best to protect this place when the house was broken in last time .
is there anything else you need from me detectives , i m tired and need to find a place to crash .
i can stay with her and her sister until allison and i find a new place , said katrina .
i need to find a place to stay .
its just a note from one of my neighbors telling me to let her know when we get settled into our new place .
abby nurses you , offers you a place to recuperate , and you thank us by snooping ?
but never any family - type dates like a trip to the zoo or shopping , where the woman would gush over furniture and place settings and make subtle remarks like , when we get a place of our own , or would nt it be nice to have ... ?
with my own place , i figured i d be able to study and have my peace and quiet .
carver , does nt the average rent for a place like this run a few hundred higher ?
the place looked like it had been ransacked .
you are nt saying your place is haunted are you ?
you re not going to tell me that you think your place is haunted .
tom did nt own one and i did nt have internet at my place .
i had evidence that connected him to her murder , but before i could get it to the cops , someone broke into my place and stole it .
chapter forty eight carson and chuck leaving raphael fuentes place like a bat out of hell , chuck and carson with esperandza and raphael in the back seat headed towards the warehouse where she said dr . d had his playhouse .
come over to my place after i get off work .
you have to come to my place to find out .
come to my place after six tomorrow .
you know you ll run over to her place and just slap it in her hand .
otherwise , they would have ended up at her place .
i ca nt count how many times we were called to her place to break up a fight between her and her husband , and she was always getting the worse of it .
by the time he had drained a quarter of the bottle , he had figured out what was troubling himwhy he was there in his old place drinking his old rotgut booze .
i should have gone to my place .
` ` i went by your place and picked up a few outfits .
perhaps we could have a drink , maybe over at your place when i get off .
taking her hand and starting to head for my shabby little apartment she recommended that we go to her place instead which was just swell with me .
yeah , her place would be just fine , my life was certainly taking a turn for the better .
her place was an old abandoned warehouse that had been converted into an apartment , it was cold and damp and scary looking as we entered her front door with a creak .
the decor was late model mismatched junk , reminiscent of my own shabby place , but it had a certain kind of allure and charm .
she was fine when i left her place around 5 oclock .
furniture was strewn all over the place like a giant hand had taken her living room ensemble and tossed it around haphazardly .
there were drops of blood on the floor that lead to the front door of her place .
his place was nt much , just a bed , two chairs , a hot plate , and an old basin to wash his face in .
we pulled up in front of her place , i started getting hezekiah out of the car as bone was knocking on hatties door .
t - bone dropped me off at my place so i could get some rest before my shift at the blue note .
chapter ten i opened the door to my place and went and lie down on my bed without even bothering to take my clothes or even my shoes off .
pick me up at ten at my place .
maybe she staged the whole voodoo thing at her place so she could disappear .
chapter fourteen my nights work done i hot footed it back to my place with one thing in mind , try and get some sleep .
he wanted to buy a property , fix it to suit and get a little renter in his hole of a place to increase his cash flow .
but it would keep his crew and their families fed for a while if the place she found was ratty enough .
as soon as travel can find me a place to stay , he said .
the place he was renting burned , so he s calling around trying to find somewhere to stay .
this place is a lot bigger then i remembered , he said .
her invitation to come up to her place was not just for him to rest , it was an attempt to cheer him up .
how about coming to my place tonight ?
but i love your place everything is so tasteful and done just right .
and if i was to come to your place to give you some suggestions , i would not change one single thing .
akis voice echoed inside his head , how about coming to my place tonight ?
as she put it , no matter how much time danny spent at his place would still be unless in the end because mike was never around to share it with him .
when his son visited his place , danny shared the majority of his time with kelly while mike worked feverishly at the bar .
other things : this was not the first place they had lived together ; he once owned a harley ; she once played guitar ; they rarely did laundry and when they did it was in the bathroom sink ; she liked horses ; was brought up catholic ; had very dry skin and wished she were dead .
one day jim gave her boyfriend , zack , a ride over to our place on his harley .
that could mean her tahoe place , her stinson beach house , her come on , you would nt be talking about anything else other than sea cliff .
i do need a place to live with my kids , do nt i ?
so like , i was wondering , like maybe i changed my mind and i m gon na go back to my friends place .
she liked to let clients look at a home without interruption , get a feel for the place themselves , and then ask questions as necessary .
* * * * * * * despite the stress of stumbling upon tiffanys body , ella still had a date with jeff , and shed offered to cook dinner at her place .
you think ron would torch his place ?
if ron were going to burn the place , i 'd think , as an amateur arsonist , he would have started the fire either in one obvious place , like the kitchen , or he would have started it in several places around the room .
cops and csi 's have been all over the place , but i would like to get ben tucker on board early .
if you need a place to go to get out of town , come stay with us .
it was well known around the dealerships that sonderland 's brother was getting married , because she had booked herself and her parents on a cruise after the wedding , telling everybody that after the ordeal of marrying her baby brother off to the bitch daughter of an uppity plastic surgeon the family would need a safe place to drink for a few days .
shed seen quite a few similar , and it was nt a whole lot smaller than her own place on elmwood lane .
ordinarily , the owners have taken away whatever they want and i just clean the place up .
although some pieces of furniture remained and there were papers and junk everywhere , the rooms had that hollow feel and neutral smell of a place that had nt seen human habitation in awhile .
sometimes the first thing that hit when she walked in the door was eau de rotten meat , especially in a place where the fridge was full and the power had been cut off .
in her haste to make the place presentable , shed forgotten that the whole house might be considered part of the crime scene .
otherwise , she was free to clean the place to her hearts content .
a little more work out in the yard , which at this rate she could easily finish this afternoon , and the place would be ready to list for sale .
probably ninety - percent of the reclaimed homes warranted a fresh coat of paint before resale but crow said to let it go ; a buyer at a foreclosure sale would expect to repaint the place himself .
been here since before riley bought his place five years ago .
she pointed to the property on the opposite side of andersons place from her own .
his place was right on the way so she told him shed pick him up in ten minutes .
could we go to your place ?
i wanted to take him in , to have him come to my place in california , but he was just too ill to travel .
bertha martinezs little place needed some yard work , but sam was nt prepared to devote the time today .
i notice she s still at your place .
they stepped into the service porch and gave themselves over to a full - fledged full - body hug and what was about to become a real make - out session before she remembered that they both had places to be , very soon .
i could make dinner for us at my place ?
he did nt seem to mind , so they said seven oclock and he gave her directions out to his place .
she had nt noticed a housekeeper or anyone else around the place the other day but her mind raced through a story that she would give if someone answered .
is it okay if i clean the place thoroughly now ?
she gave the living room a critical look as they walked in , wishing shed planned ahead , thought to neaten up the place , to have some candles ready , to chill some wine .
go back to my place .
i mean , would nt it be a lot cheaper to hire someone who already has the look , not to mention a place to live here , and then train them to do what you want ?
` ` you mean- '' a little hokey pokey in the kitchen , some hanky - panky by the pool ; it 's like a stud farm at her place .
` ` everyone has a rough time when they move to a new place .
` ` you know , this is an awfully lovely place you 're living in , and i ' m certain that it 's quite safe , but really , you should be more careful .
over the next six months , carole had to be hospitalized a few more times , and each time , daisy brought her bags to my place .
if we go back to your place , well have to deal with squealing babies .
we put in a ramp , painted and patched the place up , even installed grab bars in the bathroom .
collin had a set of keys to my place , but my alarm should have beeped when he opened the door .
take me to my place so i can change .
i ca nt find my way around in that new place , he d said on the way into the kitchen , where mom was cooking dinner .
my anger dulled quickly , though , and i was still as a corpse by the time we arrived at my place .
i d left out that my realtor did nt think it was a safe place for a woman to live alone .
ill drive rash back up to annalise , and emily back to my place .
between the fact that they turned up nothing in their search of your place and these pictures , its a good start .
i wanted nothing more than to go back to avas place and sleep round the clock .
he left the dogs at his place and used callies key to let himself quietly into her loft .
oh , he d just come over to my place .
look when this is over do you want to come back to our place for a drink ?
a homeowner a few blocks over from your place happened to be looking out his window when they tried to hit his car .
we actually invited her to come back to our place for a nightcap .
why do nt i come out to your place and ill bring you up to speed on it .
i remember when i was about ten years old , my father lost his job and we had to move to a cheaper place .
someday i hope to have a place like this .
when he had left that morning , the place was a mess , but it was now spotless .
he does nt like to keep it at his place because he does nt want bears messing with his mules .
can you tell me how to get to his place ?
i do nt know if i ever want to go to your place again , jim .
bradley was at bucks place after jim left .
when he d left bucks place , the clock was an hour slow .
without you , i m sure this place would fall apart .
this place certainly looks like it could have been ransacked , said tobin , quietly .
cleaning this place out helped me a lot yesterday .
i do nt know that i would call it parting , teri moved out into a place of her own .
because you make the place look untidy standing up .
when are you going to tidy this place up ?
something else mrs harton remembers ; immediately after dale left their place she saw alan harper come out of your door and make off down the street !
look , i m going away for a few days , to see family , can i leave my car at your place when i get the train ?
as the taxi approached the turn for the old house with all its childhood memories he became aware of all the new housing , the place was changing .
i ve kept a place near there ever since .
it ll take me some time to get my luggage and the rental car , so i should probably be at your place by 10 .
i originally went into recovery , not for the recovery , but for a place to stay .
i loved hawaii , and george was from the philippines ; so it seemed to be the perfect place to live , kind of half - way between both families .
then i think what the hell am i doin ' at his place ?
` ` still , it ca n't hurt to have the place as clean as possible , '' olivia insisted .
washington heights was not a place to live for a man such as this .
her five subsequent books were all full of biting satire combined with a longing for a place to call home .
why do nt i just come around to your place ?
bring it around to my place on the beach that was very cuba .
the place was a powder keg waiting to explode .
it seemed that every vehicle with a siren was driving past her place tonight and she could nt concentrate .
he adjusted his tie and threw water on his face and thanked god that taylor was coming over to his place first to get him .
after looking around the place , julian thought some redecorating was in order at his place .
after looking around the place , julian thought some redecorating was in order at his place .
they ' ve both been gone for several years now , left him this place .
maybe we could let you go a little early , send the policeman around to your place .
` ` i suppose aunt helen would have found out sooner or later , but she got sick the next year and died in ' ninety , at her sister 's place in aroostook county , near the border . ''
you were saying , mrs . adams , you arrived at your place on the hill '' ` ` eventually , it got so late that we just had to go to bed .
i ' ve never been to her place . ''
and since when i got to his place and the back door was wide open , and thinking that he might be hurt in there or something , i went in , you know , announcing my presence , of course , and i looked around for him . ''
` ` you mind meeting someone at your place , sometime this afternoon , maybe three ? ''
` ` cliff , '' waters said , ` ` take the digital camera and meet sloan at his place at three this afternoon .
it was everything he could do leaving becky there as he wanted so much just to take her back to his place and explore that black silky dress , but he told her they had to continue to play their role and he would see her tomorrow night when they could have the night all to themselves .
by the way brad , i ve been thinking about getting some pictures taken of my kidsyou know , some professional pictures , and i thought maybe i could stop by your place one day and see some of your work .
look brad , i m going to take your word at this point that you did nt know anything about the bag because i know someone tried to set you up before , but i tell you if we find your fingerprints on that bag or anything in it , ill be right out to your place to place you under arrest .
' it sounded as if there were people turning the place upside down . '
i have n't even driven past their place since them .
it looked like she was n't expecting any horses at all at her place . ''
` ` where were you saturday afternoon after you left my aunt and uncle 's place ? ''
and tell your uncle to do the same if he shows up at his place . ''
` ` where do you suppose randy got the money for the improvements on his place ? ''
well go to my place , maybe do some talking , maybe just shut up .
there were rumors that there were things to be had that were nt on the shelves at his place , but key west was the unofficial home of rumors .
we drove by her place for a quick change of clothes .
nothing was new , but the place was clean and neat .
according to her budget she needed over $ 500 if she wanted to keep her place in sams apartment , get her books for class , and continue to eat .
the rest of her just wanted to find a place to spend the night .
the morning we met you in the office to get his car he asked me to move in as a housekeeper because the place was too big for him to manage alone .
i have a place to stay right nowas a housekeeper , but i d kind of like to get all of my stuff back , you know ?
she pointed at the door to their old place .
i d like to follow you back to your place , just to be sure you make it .
you stay with me for a month while you look for a place .
if i do nt find a place at the end of the six months , i may come back for a while , but i shrugged at her .
my mother would sometimes tease me by saying it was no place to bring up a family and that i would have to exchange it for a suburban terraced house when i got married , but the time for that decision was still some way off .
i could see that someone , i thought perhaps sir bentleys men , had straightened the place out as best they could , but that we would have to get a joiner round there to fix a few things , and flora and marjorie would certainly need new mattresses and pillows before they could move back there .
both of the boys were happy kids , and he always had snacks laid out around the place for easy pickings .
nadia ignored the two boys teasing as they all buckled up , and she drove them back to her place .
ill stop by her place tomorrow and get an official statement from her .
do you want to come to my place or maybe to one of your siblings ?
we can follow him in my car , and we can all go over to your place and learn the new alarm system .
shit , does she go places a lot without her phone ?
he looked around her place for the laptop and did nt see it .
she seemed overwhelmed with trying to pack and move shannons stuff out of the rental and back to her own place in timnath , since i guess she ca nt drive and has no way to transport all of it .
i thought it would be all right , so i told her we d pick it up and take it to your place .
she , of course , wanted to send her brothers dominick and crispino nico and crisp , to everyone except the nuns years ago at catholic schoolover to keep watch on my place , maybe be there herself , she said and then they d she gestured several vivid , over - the - top things they could accomplish .
she reminded me that marjo and i were scheduled for canning at their place in a week or so , and that marjo would call to confirm later .
say , what s this i hear about your place being broken into ?
police came to your place .
after blowing his chance at the trunk the first night , he must have watched my place the next day and saw that i went out early with all my tools and trailer .
it seemed barry correda knew i had it , which meant he was a part of the shenanigans to get it from my place ?
soon the eggs were ready , and as we ate carols good breakfast , we talked about what had happened at my place .
all the goings - on at your place seem a little strange , but you do nt really know very much at this point , lil .
it was nt easy to decide to re - visit the place i d lived years ago .
a tough life , but not one unheard of in new mexicoit was not an easy place to live .
she used to dig out way more often from my place outside santa fe , when i worked the night shift .
i love my place , and i do nt want to move .
keep an eye out for anything suspicious around your place , and then call us immediately if needed .
after calling for reinforcements , he went over to your place with another neighbor , who showed up with a shotgun .
or you can stay at my place tonight if you do nt feel comfortable here .
some place she could actually live in .
when we get to my place , well try the smelling salts .
if merediths still on the loose and grants busting up diners to get to you , then i think my place might be a little safer .
were staying at your place for a few days .
it was her mothers special place , the safe haven she sought when she needed to get away from the stress of life , the demands of family , the gruff presence of her father .
its about ensuring my daughter has a place to live , a legacy to pass on .
your place up there ?
they seem pretty intent on a place they do nt appear to be able to afford .
one night , while out at the county line bar , he bought her drinks , danced with her , then took her back to his place .
i 'll stop in at your place later today and try to pick up her trail from there . ''
chapter 5 my mother prepares dishes out of plants i ' ve never heard of , and i ' m sure most people would never even consider them as a source of food , so i usually prefer to go hungry rather than eat lunch at her place .
talking to a woman as pretty as zena did n't sound like work to me , and it did n't have to be all work , so showing up fresh and clean at her place seemed like a good idea .
there may be cheaper places to go for a bath but caracalla keeps his place clean and that counts for a lot .
# # # after lunch i caught a cab to my mother 's place .
i usually walk at a brisk pace but i walked even faster to almina 's place , a small apartment in a three - story building off barber street .
` ` alright , i 'll look into it , but you know , i get my laundry done at your place anyhow , so why do n't we trade services ? ''
when i explained that i needed a personal item that was close to her he insisted we take a cab back to his place .
i had to admit the place had been getting a little bit dirty , but not so bad that i would have done anything about it on my own for quite a while , even though some of it had been here when i moved in .
they tinked again and drank , want to do some drinkin out by my place tonight ?
but not at your place .
can you make it up to my place tomorrow , around noon ?
after breakfast i d love to see more of your place , darren .
there was an army of crystal unicorn and fairy knickknacks dispersed around the place : darren broke , always accidentally , about three a week but they seemed to regenerate magically and exponentially .
` ` who is moving into their own place ? ''
while i have thoroughly enjoyed our time staying with sebastian 's parents it would be nice having a place of our own again .
i could walk around our place in my underwear .
i could n't believe this was happening , we were finally getting our own place .
` ` alright so you two can handle living in this place ? ''
sebastian and i took measurements and discussed how we would furnish the place .
` ` we are moving into our own place .
i wanted it confirmed that megan was staying at his place .
sweet we have a connection now we just have to find out if megan is staying at his place . ''
` ` let 's shower and head to his place . ''
i started in on one while i rode the elevator back up to our place .
of course john campbell had a key to our place since he owned it .
i am going to scope our place out and make sure there is no dude hiding out anywhere . ''
i thought he was going to wait till he inspected our place first but i assumed he wanted to announce our arrival .
` ` maybe they have a place on the beach around here or in jacksonville where they have a home , a yacht and this car to cruise around in . ''
it looked a little creepy having a made up bed in the back but it would be convenient to be able to stake out mitchell 's place while getting some shuteye .
the blonde lady had been staying nights at his place and going home in the mornings .
it 's not far from your place .
you can stay at our place if you need to . ''
when we get back we 'll get our own place . ''
i think i can get the forensics guy to go by your place and take fingerprints of the windows .
as neat as the place was , roscoe seemed to have a few extra wives that most of pegramville wondered about , which was why there were all the extra trailers .
they just finished the big house , and now they re working on your place .
neal ledbetter was at your place on thursday night ?
he left the front veranda and back porch lights burning brightly but did nt think that would deter an individual if he was intent on burglarizing the place .
and lastly , one did nt go to his place on a friday or saturday night whilst dan was likely to be drunk on homemade rotgut and ten times more agitated than usual .
willodean gritted her teeth and thought about going home to her quiet and cozy place , listening to nina simone sing the sultry blues , and drinking some chamomile tea after she was summarily dismissed for gross dereliction of duty .
sweetums , the second one replied plaintively , we needed to see what the snoddys had inside before we started digging around their place , and besides , i said we had to eliminate all the places the treasure could be located first .
at first i thought you d called from her place , but she confirmed you ai nt never been there .
so they would frame bubba for the murder of his ex - fiance , and miz demetrice would have to sell the place for money to defend her son .
i was going to drop around to your place later so the girls could play .
why not take her out and then let her stay the night at your place ?
i was pleased to have some time to myself even though the place seemed rather empty without her and eamon , who had almost become part of the furniture in those few weeks we were together .
if we eat fast , we could go back to your place for a little while .
she hated it when i left my pajamas all over the place .
they ve got a new place ?
death was miserable crap , at least they could own up to it , but i guess i was in the minority because the place was kicking .
these ranged from the obvious like trying to arrange a place to live , which should nt really be that much of an issue , to the more obscure like he thought that he might look at buying a couple of new suits in order to create something of a good impression when he started on is first day .
for all intents and purposes the place looked as though it had been abandoned , with what looked all of mrs . baxters belongings still in the house .
i d rather you did nt as the place is a bit messy , he then added making up the excuse on the spot .
this was due to start from the beginning of october and that gave harry almost six weeks to find a place to live in the capital and to move his stuff down .
it was just the finding of a place to live that concerned harry and by the time he narrowed the possibilities to a few places that seemed even remotely suitable .
it was just the finding of a place to live that concerned harry and by the time he narrowed the possibilities to a few places that seemed even remotely suitable .
would you like to come back to my place ?
dominic timed and dated an interview form , and made notes as poullain started with machanaud 's main background details : age : 39 ; town of birth : st girons ; place of residence : seillons ; occupation : farm labourer .
finally , she says : i m thinking i should see if ron , her boyfriend , wants me to spend the night over at his place .
i guess for a place like this , a visit every two years or so probably does count as regular .
the furnishings in the flat were old but comfortable along with a couple of nicer pieces and the whole place had a feeling of a socialite who d fallen on hard times .
i tried you earlier at your apartment but after i saw timmy yesterday i went home to my place packed a suitcase and here i am .
it was a letter from a charity thanking monica for her recent contribution and now thanks to her quite a number of cats would have a safe place to stay and food to eat for the next six months .
the place was comfortable .
to my place , i mean .
he had a great dog , a decent place to live and a job he could really get his teeth into .
he s only gone and ended back at melon place .
he wondered if he should go round there but it was nt his place .
i just have to drop this tiepin off at sullivans office and then well go back to your place .
make it eight oclock and well eat at my place .
i still remember my mom going over and staying at their place to help out with rebecca , and just make sure they had someone there .
i 'll have to talk to mr and mrs hutchins myself and , if leverett tells the same story as shields , we 're going to have to do a door to door around knowles ' place as well . ''
` ` when did you decide to hang around his place and follow him ? ''
` ` we drove straight to my place .
the place would never be quite the same .
and heres a key to my place .
chance wants me to look for a place for you , and the last email you sent said you were thinking about moving to portland .
i think ill go over to her place and see what s up .
he called me sunday afternoon , she said , and asked if he could stay at my place for a couple of days .
he had a place to live , a vehicle , and a job .
my place is a dump compared to this , boone muttered .
this place smells like jet fuel and kerosene , boone snorted .
a death challenge over a lousy little shack ; a place i wanted to fix up and call my own .
yes , i had a place to live .
we have a place you can stay .
the place looked empty , the hedge needed trimming but was not wildly overgrown and ditto the lawn .
` ` let 's take it back to my place and find out . ''
` ` this is n't the way back to your place , '' warner remarked , as they headed towards the flat they had broken into earlier .
she went on to explain that she had just ridden the train in from chicago , and she needed a place to stay .
you know i do nt like people snooping around my place .
i was starting to give this place a thorough cleaning .
get a place out in the country away from all of this .
i m calling deborah , and i m going to tell her to find me a new place to live .
then you can close the store and have the place to yourself to work out as long as you need to .
she also found out thanks to the principal that these girls had shown up in school just before the place went down hill , just before the gang showed up .
i told him i wanted a place with a nice sized bedroom , bathroom , and closet .
it might have worked better if their apartment had been a little wider than the closet in my place .
emily came into bev 's room through the bathroom and said , nice place this guy has here .
would it make sense for me to have a small place here ?
you get a roommate and i get a place to live .
the place was scrupulously clean and tidy , perhaps indicating obsessive compulsive tendency .
i can come by your place . ''
what say i say my good - byes and you say your good - byes and you swing by my place ?
i ve got my mother coming up from atlanta to stay at my place , and my father called this morning to tell me that he s decided to visit for the holidays , too .
oh , i chuckled , finally understanding why jenny was so eager to offer michaela a place to stay .
as for a place to stay , you might try the maple street inn .
well , i d say you look like you re ready to get this date started , so ill just head on back over to my place and let you two get to it .
can they go over to his place ?
an arsonist torched his place a few years ago .
the place i 'd grown up and promptly escaped from once i had landed a driver 's license and my first paycheck .
i would just have to drive until i hit one of the main roads , and then i could use the signs to direct me to a place i could stay .
plunging into the shed , i practically trashed the place until i found a packet of old , wet matches .
twenty - three houses , one small cafe , one kitschy store , a medical clinic , and an indoor olympic - sized pool , make up the place i call home .
do you need a place to stay ?
i should have noticed first thing how different the place looks , especially considering all the grief i gave them for the country - gone - wrong interior design .
i know how bad things can get when you do nt feel as if you can talk to people about what happened to you and having to hide yourselves and your familys nature while trying to settle in a place and dealing with the unbelievable loss that you have just suffered and suffered in the past , is too much for you to deal with now .
i arrived last night and my father filled me in on what happened , how you and your family went to save my siblings and then offered them a place to stay when the pack pulled their typical crap .
i hope you do nt mind , but he asked to see kayla and i let him go over to your place .
lets just say its in a class of its own rillington place was a festering slum , with feral cats prowling among overflowing rubbish bins and abandoned mattresses while flea ridden dogs licked each others backsides in greeting .
well , you ca nt be too ill then , because you got ta lot of nerve showing up at my place after midnight with no intention of showing me your helmet , soldier boy .
its not much but its a place to stay .
once in nashville , he tried to find any job he could to make some money so he could find a place to live .
its just a place to stay while here on earth , lewis replied .
the dog did nt mind because he was used to it and was happy to have a place to stay .
they eventually found a place to spend the night .
they did nt have any place to go .
besides , she did nt have any place to go and she was terrified of him .
` ` and she usually walked home from your place ? ''
` ` she must have slipped town pretty soon after she left your place . ''
` ` so you left my place at six , and then what ?
` ` could n't find a place to do it cheap so i 'll bill you , '' sebastian replied .
sebastian called bo to tell him we were on our way to his place .
bo 's place was the perfect fit for him and similar to what i imagined it would be like .
` ` i will be staying at my family 's place this apartment is yours .
while it was not spotless like bo 's place it was tidy and neat .
from the first impressions of her place i could tell she was a creative person .
the place looked like a typical southern california girl 's apartment .
she stayed over at my place so we could wake up and surf .
they do n't know bo is letting us stay at his place .
i want to go back to our place and go over my script for confronting ho .
the only other text messages from bo were more warnings to get out of his place and to call him .
` ` yes mr . tang you have an extraordinary place , '' sebastian said .
her place smelled expensive , like a vanilla - bergamot scented candle , and was so clean and tidy that i wondered just how many staff she employed .
i stopped at my condo , a tiny , one - bedroom place i d managed to buy right after the market crashed , and changed .
i could drive to work , but the best thing about my place is that its only a three - block walk into work .
i imagined leo cleaning up the place to have a girl visit , and i could see that happening .
so i said , your place looks neat , how long have you been staying here ?
unlike sophias mansion , this place did nt have that gaudy , opulent vibe , but it was clear that vanessa had sourced the best things she could find .
stone left me standing in the hallway and walked into my place .
stone took an early exit and then took a roundabout way to my place .
ill fix up your place tomorrow and ill pick you up from here at ten .
i thought about calling sophia to tell her about the vandalism at my place and that i d moved in here for the night , but then decided not to update anyone .
and you think my place has bad feng shui .
but i still think your place is dirty and messy and you should clean it up .
once stone was gone , i checked through my place once more , and made sure that all the doors and windows were locked properly .
thankfully i was able to bum a lift off a gay co - worker and we chatted happily on the short ride back to my place .
the suspect had picked her lock , expecting the place to be empty , and police theorized that when he d found her home , he d panicked and shot her .
i looked around the place it was sparsely furnished and there were no flounces of feminine color .
i need you to come to my place , i said , but its not very urgent .
the vase had been hideous and my place was better off without it .
i thought about the fact that her lock had been picked and that someone had also broken into my place .
i shrugged and he narrowed his eyes and said , do you mean like , did i stalk her or break into her place or something ?
how did you break into her place ?
you hired someone to break into my place , too .
he might come over to our place and try to get it back , maybe steal it , try to sell it again .
you think of making money like my father , of that kind of success , while i think of having a home a place where i am welcome without having so much money , living just with the love and respect of the people around me .
she said , i could keep on looking for a place that was safe .
december 5 home ; its the place that provides you a roof to shelter you , food to feed you and walls to protect you .
that 's in the summers , y'know , when his folks were at their place up near osteen ?
millie drove them both to her place .
then she high - tails it back to her place and calls the office .
i guess you 'd call this'ere my place .
anyway , when weedmund inherited this place , trap was already here ; he had the same arrangement with the edmund 's parents .
his folks had a place out here .
said she had a new job and that she 'd be in touch when she found a place to stay .
i went to the woman 's place had the rain started yet ?
dinner at your place .
the johns did nt bring that stuff to her place .
i fantasized about the last night at my place when i got all lathered up .
question the doorman at her place to see if something was overlooked .
i am sure we can work it out , possibly pro - rate this months rent if you can find another place quickly .
hence , mr . gurnes offer of a place to live gave rhona the opportunity to get out from under howards thumb , enraging him , jeff nodded thoughtfully , pausing a moment before posing the next question .
i was looking forward to staying at his place and catching up , two bachelors with plenty of time for adventure .
one other thing that was bothering kiara since last night was the diary pages left at her place .
she has to give a good impression if jake comes to her place , she made a mental note .
can you come to my place after work ?
yes , i am staying at his place .
i will send all your stuff to your place .
but my place is just a few minutes away .
i expect this place will be like a beehive for the next few months with remodeling the house and setting up the museum .
when she bought seven sisters , we thought for sure shed restore that place , but she did nt .
the good news is that i had a place to live after ms . medford , my kindly landlady , suggested not - to - politely that i vacate my last apartment .
but i know she has an apartment , or did , and she has her boyfriends place as well , though i sense she s not so sure about this boyfriend .
i ve got a lovely place to live , meaningful work , enough to eat , too much to eat even .
her place i mean .
i do nt know , i was thinking maybe we get together someplace quiet for a drink around eight , then go dancing at the bfd club in the citytheyve got swing dancing on thursdaysthen we go back to your place and make out for an hour or two , then make love until the sun comes up , and then ill take you to lois the pie queen for a healthy breakfast with a tall glass of fresh - squeezed orange juice .
well , if you re going to want to date women and things like that , you might want to get yourself a real place .
would you like to stay here tonight , i ask , even though i do nt have a real place ?
he needed a place to crash , but i just have a studio , and i ve got a kind - of girlfriend , so he stayed in his truck and used my shower and my laser printer .
she even encouraged me to get a real place to live and a job and car so i d be a better catch .
she asks if she and her friend sean can dry off and watch the news at my place .
you give me advice about how i need to be more bourgeois and have a real place to live and a car so i do nt scare away women , and now i hang out for an evening with some woman , who likes me , thank you , who is not a girl , who laughs at my jokes and who , by the way , used to work for con , then decided she did nt have the stomach for it .
oh , that is a laugh , like you re holding the place together .
next time he shows up outside of one of the prewedding events to sing a serenade i m going to tell him that claires hiding out at your place .
ill swing by your place and pick you up .
he said he planned on cleaning the place up because she seemed to plan on staying .
what about going over her place again for his dna or fingerprints .
she could leave her car there , out of the way , maybe round the back , and then she would have a place to retreat to , if things got too tough .
you are under arrest for assaulting my vicious pet along with some other minor charges probably like possessing some vile pills which we will find after searching your place .
having sex in a new place gets things excited and a bit risqu .
the kids exist in an enclave that is safe , a place they can grow , and hopefully prosper , without the taint , and sometimes the horror of reality .
i will pick him up at your place in an hour .
ricky and henri had stayed at her place over night .
ill drive you to your place .
save them , he said rising to his feet , i have places i have to be .
apparently , when he found that he could n't get to his place without drawing attention to himself , he backed off a little to consider , caught his foot in a carpet and fell .
she sees every evening both jocelyn and gerrit escape together in a limo from antebellum house heading to their usual place rebel house .
she did most of the talking during our time in the restaurant , and then she invited me back to her place .
that apartment is n't the place i mean at all .
when he showed up on his brothers doorstep looking for a place to live , roger handed him $ 100 and gave him directions to a homeless shelter .
i d only made a general sweep of the place and had n't really searched the closets .
she did nt have a place to go , and cindy felt sorry for her .
grandpa abe started it just so we would have a place to go that he approved of .
i think you and jennifer should stay at your place , but keep the lights low , keep the blinds shut , do nt make any noise and do not , under any circumstances , answer the door .
drunk he was too , staggering all over the place .
he gave her the house in charlotte and a vacation home in aspen , but he insisted on keeping this place .
chapter 4 the next morning , walker trent 's assistant called her to say that walker could meet with her anytime at her convenience , but , if she would n't mind , he would prefer to meet at his place near gatlinburg rather than in nashville .
so , if i get your flight records , and rusty 's billing records , along with your credit card records , we 'd be able to show that you did not leave this place for , say , a few days before the fire and a few days after the fire ?
actually , they came to good use at your place .
from looking at his place , i 'd say that is probably true .
hell , you can stay there for a while until you find a place .
if i like the area , i 'll probably eventually buy a place , but i want to kind of dip my toe into the florida lifestyle kind of slowly .
in a lot of those situations , the house and the contents were not maintained because the elderly person was unable to take care of the place .
i did n't want to spend a lot of money on furniture for a place i 'll occupy only part of the time .
on the way to her mother 's condo , bev asked , mom , would you mind if we stayed in your place a few more days .
keep the keys to my place and feel free to use it whenever you need it .
did you find a place to live ?
you 'll be able to see just how unimpressive his place is .
in spite of the sagging couch , an easy chair whose springs leaked out of the bottom , a worn , hideous green , wall - to - wall carpet , and a small drop - leaf table with a surface etched in circular patterns left by glasses , he still felt pride at having a place of his own , finally out of cruzs range .
hey , poole , did you let anybody into my place ?
besides , you ll be busy with moving and setting up your new place .
you have a nice place here , mrs . kolson , jack said .
lets go back to your place .
ill need to head back to your place and use your computer .
we can drop this off and then head back to my place .
lets head back to your place , order take out and start going through everything , okay ?
mind if i go back to your place and jump on the computer ?
she gave him a place to stay , until he decided to show up at my door and try and blame his brothers for killing katherine .
as a child it was the one place where he found peace and refuge from all that was happening out in the world .
but i really do nt have any place to be , so can i stay ?
when i first moved in to my place nancy , the mother , and timothy brought a peach cobbler over to welcome me to the building .
said he needed to sort milk in the back of my place before making his final deliveries . ''
you made a delivery to her place this morning , right ? ''
you have n't been over to our place in a while . ''
i walked the five minutes from my place to the diner .
` ` no , at your place . ''
` ` how did you get into my place ? ''
` ` i ' ve had a key to your place since the first time you fucked me .
` ` i remember now , i was at my sister 's place .
the house lights brightened and the place exploded with acclamation .
two weeks later , new years eve , lawson showed up at our place in san pedro with a bottle of wild turkey in each hand .
why do nt you come over to my place and have some peach ice cream ?
our best bet is to hide it at my place until we can figure out what happened .
when i got back to my place in san pedro , there were two notes on the door .
when i got to my cousins place , nobody was home , so i sat on the curb and waited .
you and harper meet me back at your place .
i ve been coming by your place every few days what did you do with the money ?
we stopped at my place and checked for signs of harper .
we left my place around nine oclock and took the vincent thomas over the channel towards long beach .
the three of us crashed at my place in san pedro .
they might want to search your place .
i felt odd going through their place , but i did nt want to tell the brave man no .
if that was the case , i figured he had someone sweeping the place for listening devices on a regular basis .
where is your new place ?
wesley narrowed his eyes , feeling extremely relieved that johnny did nt turn his head to return katherines kiss as he chimed in , cocktails and snacks at my place afterwards .
well , then between her and the car outside your place , i think you should be very well protected tonight .
maybe her ex - boyfriend is hiding them for her at his place .
in fact , when we came to the states for drakes funeral it seemed like a sign for me to buy my own place .
they ve been watching my place from the front for some time now .
it was not unusual to see miss betsy pottering around the place , her gray hair in a messy bun and with a tool belt around her hips .
the place was a mess and the kid was really unhappy .
i ' m just offering a place to stay for the night .
i ' m letting him sleep at my place tonight and tomorrow i 'll find someplace else for him . ''
` ` i got your message , i ' m back at your place and no one 's here . ''
i remembered hearing her complain about having nowhere decent to shop when she first came to this place i called home , and in no time shed opened her own store .
lets just go back to my place and raid my closet .
mindy and i drove back to my place and i was still lost in thought .
normally i would tell her to burn sage around the place for cleansing , but in her case , there was nt anything to cleanse .
my hair whipped madly all over the place as the wind grew and swirled dust and leaves as though we were now in the middle of a tornado .
no matter how imposing and eerie the mansion was , i was thrilled to finally have a place of my own .
i do nt know how you can live in this place all by yourself .
floyd kept the place spic - and - span clean even though his wife , eva , had a stroke a year ago and was in a private nursing home in escanaba .
he s coming to my place and i m going to make him something to eat and were going to rent a movie .
until your place is cleaned up .
we can hang out at my place and you can pick out the things you want to buy before the rummage sale starts .
if barb told me the truth , chesters place had been searched three separate times the day after he bought the big one : by cora mae and me , by whoever trashed his place , and by barb .
if barb told me the truth , chesters place had been searched three separate times the day after he bought the big one : by cora mae and me , by whoever trashed his place , and by barb .
at least i knew barb had nt wrecked my place , or she would have taken the magazines .
i m going through some of dads things , trying to put the place back together .
when i stopped by his place to see if he wanted to take a sauna and i saw the contract lying on the kitchen table , i could nt believe my eyes .
picking up a lit cigarette from an ashtray on an end table , she disappeared into a dark hallway leaving me the perfect opportunity to check the place out .
my place is typical , a three - bedroom ranch style white brick with hardwood floors .
every window was curtained in white sheers , which appealed to my sense of neatness , but they also gave the place a sense of separation , of being locked away from the world .
the house looked like an elder sibling of stacy 's place .
the burke house was a little larger than the detweiller place , but in about the same condition .
` ` want to take the houseguests from hell back to your place for awhile ? ''
she had unusual talents that could benefit his firm , and he needed an office and a place to live that did nt frown on a rowdy macaw .
checking to see if aliens came in during the night and bugged the place .
caring people take the tissue paper out with them , so at least the place looks wild again .
i 'll be over to your place in a hour .
one wonders how many girls dwaynes brought back to his place , only to have their first thoughts be , i got ta get a new phone number , quick .
can we meet at your place or my place soon ?
can we meet at your place or my place soon ?
he had a cup of tea in white - knuckled hands front of him , and i wondered if his presence in the place would generate a flow of psychic or moral electricity that would incinerate us all .
he s probably wiring this place with listening devices or explosives right now .
i dropped phils stuff at his place five hours after we left parry sound , and he said thanks .
her brothers always said her place looked like a builders model or a hotel room , as if no one actually lived there .
i m thinking ill drop you at your office and then go to my place and clean up .
sasha and connelly agreed to split up and meet back at her place for a very late dinner and to work out their next steps .
i stopped by my place just long enough for a power shower ( not to mention the first leisurely pee i d had since i began this case ) and a change of clothes before driving to the office .
mother had left her tiny beemer at my place last time she was homehanging the hot pink do me key tag on the cork board in my kitchen and telling me to use it any old time .
i locked the front door and put the key back into the lockbox in case someone else wanted to see the place .
she came back once , to tell me shed found me a place and i had to leave .
i m gettin outta here , goin places .
not that i d be likely to see her if she came back , but if mrs . jenkins returned , or rafe moved in , or someone else bought the place and renovated it , i doubted they d be any happier about her presence than i .
he needs to be out doing yard work so this place will look decent for the party tomorrow .
you d figure for a place to have spooks residing in it , it would have to be a three story mansion , have belfries , an old , dead oak tree out front , iron gates leading up the drive and a permanent full moon suspended in the sky above it .
jackie went to work with my mom , so we should have the place to ourselves until they come back .
but at the same time , we knew we were cleaning up steves backyard for frisbee so he could have a halfway decent place to live .
and we did it under the pretense that we would nt receive anything for the chore accept piece of mind , knowing that the dog would have a clean place to live .
it was a small place , most likely three bedrooms and two bathrooms , normal , like any you might find around our city .
after they had come up and switched the doorknob around and filled the place up with trash , they had taken corys metal gas can and dumped the last half of it inside on the couches and mattresses , letting them soak up the fuel like giant sponges .
and considering the atmosphere of the rest of the building , she had managed to transform the place into quite a cozy little flat .
carlos offered me a bunk at his place , but i knew better .
i looked around , noticing how the place had changed little since my last visit .
except that i ve put the place back together after blowing the windows out , thanks to that tantrum you set me on .
it was a nice looking place , weathered but not beaten , used but not worn , a house with character .
i read the paper for a while , put lou in the back yard , backed the car out of the garage and headed to rays place .
i should meet charlie in half an hour at his place .
i just followed you home from his place .
he wondered what the hell lucas was doing at franks place , when cole was in marin , and how he even knew where frank lived .
i d been to coles place frequently enough there were neighbors beginning to recognize me .
olive 's heirs -- of which phillis was not one -- sold olive 's house , giving phillis very little time in which to find another place to live .
and was n't it also he who told molly that the young woman in question had been followed into a real estate office , that the information had been gotten out of the receptionist at the aforementioned real estate office that miss toner was looking for a place to live ?
in the apartment , there were pictures and mirrors to be hung , linens and the silver service aunt olive had given to her to be put away , and furniture to be arranged and rearranged until finally she felt the place was home .
` ` i ' m coming right over to your place and we 're going to talk about this , '' he said .
just as bad , the very last thing in the world she felt up to right now was hunting for another place to live , repacking her belongings and moving again .
i ' m sure you 'll be able to find another place right away .
was n't too thrilled when i took this place to live .
` ` i 'll be out of this house just as soon as i find another place to live . ''
but i had to find a place right away and you were n't supposed to come back from europe until the fall .
anyway , i shall be moving out just as soon as i find a place . ''
` ` the more professional burglars find out as much as they can about a place and the inhabitants ' habits before they break in . ''
again , as i told you last evening , i am looking for another place to live , but i ca n't take my belongings , my furniture , and move out into the street .
i 'll have to stay here until i can find a place .
i said i ' m looking for another place , so let 's drop it at that , all right ?
anyone else who came home and found a strange woman living in his house would have thrown her out , but he said he 's willing to wait until i can find a suitable place . ''
you know you do n't have to go on looking for another place to rent .
` ` maybe today i 'll find a place , '' she said to him as she came into the room .
i ' ve been thinking about what you and detective sylvester have been saying about someone taking aim with a rifle from that house behind your place , aiming at me .
they 're fastidious about keeping the place clean . ''
if you 're friendly with your neighbors and they 're going away for any length of time , they 'll often give you a set of keys so you can keep an eye on their place for them . ''
i wonder , does he ... does he do ... things ... while he watches my place ? ''
i hope i can find a place this week .
if the police let me , i 'll be at your place in a little while . ''
` ` was he the one who was watching my place from the rhynn house ? ''
` ` you 're certainly not going to look for another place to live , are you ?
by the end of that date the car was practically hers , seeing as he was going to be her new boyfriend and was probably going to move in to her place and he would probably let her drive it , which was really at the bottom of it all .
on our way back to my place we passed a school .
` ` you want me to walk you back to his place ? ''
that 's sexy there are two mirrors at my place .
we went back to his place after dinner and enjoyed each other like only people who barely know each other can .
it was a painfully hot day , and by the time i got back to my place , i was drenched with sweat .
` ` meet me at my place at seven . ''
charlene has been missing ever since i took this job , and she left her place in a hurry , if not by force .
last time i visited his place i was drunk , and he was all over me , so i 'd missed the details .
` ` i ' ve been thinking about you ever since we met at my place . ''
` ` but i thought you did search her place . ''
i 'll tell you when we get back to your place . ''
` ` let 's just go to your place .
i promised i would go to the station with him in the morning if he would just let me stay at his place . ''
` ` did the mayor bleed at your place at all ? ''
probably they go to her place and fight , too .
meet tonight at your place for a heros return ?
one night a half - drunk cowboy got lost and found his way to my place just about the time the driveshaft fell out of his rusty old pickup .
i just want you to see the place before it crumbles under the wrecking ball .
back upstairs , i went around the entire house , checking out the place , because for one , i never been inside .
i m taking you to my place .
when you re done , meet me at my place .
but when we get to my place , i m going to drop your ass .
were at my place .
just be glad you did nt send this place a blaze before i could watch him die , she said .
` ` look over the rest of the place , doc . ''
` ` when was this place cleaned last ? ''
` ` you got any ideas about how that came to be at his place ? ''
she went to his place and found nothing , so she checked rogers house .
` ` you got a place ? ''
you ll be staying at my place .
a lot of her new friends have their own places , ethan shrugged .
piles of dog - eared papers were pinned haphazardly to the brown cork board above the desk , and the whole place smelled like urine .
lets take the flash drive back to my place and see what s on it .
saturday night , we staked out his place an ultra - modern cliffhanger with majestic views of the pacific .
ill bike over to your place at seven .
for frog , it came down to the need for a shower and a place to cook a meal .
is there a place you can stay ?
i have to agree , no plumbers to pay , no lawn to mow , just keep the place clean .
its esmes apartment , but susan needed a place to crash so esme stayed at laurens most of the time .
she s just happy to have a cheap place to live .
but esme would ve moved all of the furniture out pretty soon if shed had a place to keep it .
she had dutifully waved lettie off after breakfast and set out to find the venue of the machine knitting exhibition with letties wishes for her to have a good time still ringing in her ears .. hilda knew she would have to try and find a permanent place to stay so that she could get a new knitting machine .
it would be great to get the place back to what it had been when he d moved out .
nanny may called me later that day and told me that i had to go to her place as soon as possible , but she would nt explain over the phone .
she wanted the renovations done as soon as possible so she told him to do the rest of the place first so she could move in .
` ` she thought you might be wantin ' your truck , so we dropped it off at your place when we got the clothes you asked for . ''
as i pulled onto greg 's farm , it struck me how elegant the place looked .
` ` he even offered me a place to stay . ''
people leaving my place and comin ' here .
saying ' steve cline 's done this , and he 's done that , and is n't the place nice . '
thomas : it 's no use pretending ... agatha : but the job would be perfect for you - some general maintenance work , light duties , but enough to keep you occupied , a place to live , some company , and meanwhile , time to enjoy a kind of semi - retirement .
as they pulled away from joliet , he said , thought we d go back to my place .
he knew it was an excuse for not dealing with his father , but he could nt bear to come home to a place where death hovered in the air .
meanwhile , mull played host and tried to keep everyone happy and the place halfway clean , gathering dirty dishes and picking up the garbage that got tossed everywhere andeleven times in two - and - a - half days by his countcleaning up vomit .
if i were to call them now , they d be over at my place and , i do nt know , elise can be sort of funny .
maggie felt uncomfortable living in the place where her sister lost her life .
the cops had been through every inch of her apartment with a flea - comb , and although not the tidiest of people , they had nt ransacked the place either .
drop it off at my place if you want .
ill drop the thing off at your folks place .
clean , well scrubbed , if disheveled , young people that scurried and playfully shoved each other on the sidewalks and looked like they had a place to go .
a place she had never expected to visit , much less live .
i did nt know what she had to worry about ; the nearest house was at least a hundred feet away and i had nt seen anybody out on the meandering road that led to her place .
chapter nine when i let myself into my place , i tramped right to the kitchen for advil .
you have some phone work or cable done on your place ?
i saw a guy going up to your place a few days ago .
he went up the steps to your place .
i watched his white truck drive off and climbed the stairs to my place .
once she signaled that everything was okay , cal and i went for a beer at the punch bowl , a small bar near my place .
when we arrived back at the condo , bob and ace were kind enough to help me upstairs and into my place .
listen jerry , you recall you were contemplating a trip to your aunt 's place ? ''
you would probably keel over in fright if you saw my place . ''
i ca n't imagine her ever leaving a place like this , and if dad knew about it , '' emma paused and shook her head .
` ` well then girls what do you think your mother should do with the place ? ''
with a little dusting and vacuuming , the place would be ready for furniture too .
he had n't expected her to find someone to move down on such short notice , repeatedly , he told her all the reasons the place would n't sell .
he d laid the place out , so to keep a family well to do , long after his demise .
` ` i ve never owned a place i could call mine before .
after all , if she was going to care for this place , she must be able to care for herself .
when they headed for his place , sometime around five she felt like shed been hit by a mack truck , every inch of her body hurt .
as she glanced around the large living room , she decided , that the place was his second chance too .
once he realized jim was there , alex asked if he knew how old johnny had come up with such an ingenious , way of keeping the place warm during the winter months .
shed no idea what he was talking about , but jim seemed to understand the question and for the next half hour , they discussed the pro 's and con 's , of heating the place with underground water pipes , that ran out of the hot springs , not too far away .
` ` jewel , if you every need a place to go . ''
he knows how to run this place , i ' m just a glorified maid , he said as much today .
he 's not been here to put this place together , and you and i know that 's half the battle . ''
he had n't , so the first stop was at her office to pick up the notebook , and then on they went to his place , where after he got finished reading her notes , he looked impressed .
what emma heard was what she felt ; they had lost it and would have to start to look for a place to live .
when she agreed and said she was about to head on back to town , he interrupted and offered her a place to spend the night .
` ` i mean look what you ' ve done with this place . ''
i mean after all , you probably have a small tribe running around your place too . ''
` ` this is my place , and you re only in charge of the hotel side of it .
she responded sincerely : i wanted to help it takes a lot of organising to keep a place like this tidy and well run , and i had time once i retired .
they ve been turning the place upside down .
but she continued , how about i make us a coffee at my place we can sit in the garden , its a pity to waste a lovely afternoon in a cafe .
he took me to his place about eight times , and i got to know his wives , his children he had ten of them and even his servants .
this set mrs wentley off on a lengthy discourse on the virtues of the house , and a list of the other keen buyers lined up to purchase it as soon as they could sell their own places .
i want to know why councillor wentley was trying to break into sues place !
pebbleton was the place in which she would love to stay living , but if james was planning to move on she might , just might , face leaving if he felt they had a future together .
he had a place ?
nimrod needs a place to stay for a few days , a temporary home .
always talking about how shed get a place of her own again and take them back .
the place was spartan , stripped of anything that could hurt me .
i appreciated the nudity of my little place , the lack of clutter , which somehow allowed me to concentrate better on what i had to do to get through this .
and that same pack of newshounds will set up camp in front of your house , park their satellite trucks on your street , and peer with their cameras into every nook and window of your place .
the place was a mess , everything totally trashed , so it was nt obvious what could be missing .
you do nt exactly look like a vagrant searching for a place to hole up in .
we pulled up to my place .
well , shed no place to go and no money and she would nt go back to pasadena - i mean , who would ?
with everybody gone , i should have owned the place , but i still felt the grey , oppressive silence .
and i did nt have any money or any place to stay .
so that was why she was here in this rather plastic hotel bar , miles from any place she called home and feeling very alone and vulnerable .
he said he would not leave that night , as he had no place to go .
why do nt i pick you up at your place on carmel valley ranch in my limousine ?
i am requesting that all of you find a new place to live and to vacate my property by friday , july 15 , 1987 .
if you could meet me this evening about 9:00 p.m. at my place i think we can work out satisfactory agreement .
unless something comes up unexpectedly we should have the place furnished and i can plan to move in on the 25th if that is ok with you .
i will call you when i get there and get directions to your place .
is it not true that you maintained a condo in del mar that you used as a place to go and relax without dr . grinberg , did nt you .
perhaps he realized the cleanup in this place is slow to nonexistent , '' and she related the situation with the accumulated trash in her room .
i had just finished summer school classes and olivia and i were down the jersey shore at my mother 's place .
` ` why do n't you come over to my place for the game ?
` ` nice time at your place yesterday , frank .
the vintage washer and dryer from my mothers old place would go .
since the owners traveled extensively , jess had the whole place to herself most of the time , that is , except for the horses , dogs , cats , pigeons , geese , and a single billy goat .
he held out no real hope that they would nt find him again , but as he teetered on the brink of physical and mental exhaustion , he needed a place to crash and figure out what to do .
that put his arrival at about eight a.m. also , he needed to find another place to stay for the next couple of weeks as soon as he arrivedcertainly not with jess for any of several reasons .
then he could slip into his apartmenthopefully unseenfrom the front entrance to gather up items to take with him to atlanta while storing the rest of his belongings in a corner of anthonys warehouse until he settled into a new place .
makes me feel something else , something i ca nt quite place .
she told me i could stay at her place until mine was repaired .
oh well , i was just happy to have a place to go and to think , a niece in detroit ?
being at carmens place was relatively safe , except for my strange hallucination , or paranormal event , or whatever it was .
i washed the dishes and made the bed , trying to leave the place as i had found it , impossible .
i hired a couple of college girls actually bunky hired them , to clean the place .
tal , you talkin about that ugly ol fart that s been hangin around your exs place ?
hey , what the hells that bulldozer doin up there above my place ?
bunky had a key to my place and had a cat of his own .
i slipped into my place , took a shower , and changed clothes .
when he arrived home , he found a police car sitting in front of his place .
the cousin loved the idea of someone living there through the remainder of the winter to keep the place from getting dusty and musty .
* * * hyena slinked around tals trailer sniffing the snow covered ground , smelling old piss left by the old , worn - out black dog next door to tals place .
moaning rock was about a twenty minute drive from my place .
joe said there were a lot of places in the country where you had to depend on the owner to provide the key to the house .
he woke up in their house in eagle river alone every morning and had no place to go .
nope , none whatsoever , wayne replied , although it would have been hard to tell , the house was one of thornbirds listings for sale , there was no furniture in the place , nothing at all it would have been hard to see signs of struggle since there was nothing to upset and no lamps to knock over .
you know , i bet it is one of those frames that realtors use to put the sheets of paper in that describe the house , you know , the flyers with the description of how many bedrooms and bathrooms a place has , how much it costs and what not .
the layout of the place suited henry perfectly ; all of the bedrooms had french doors that opened up to the backyard pool , lawn area , the barbecue and a small pool cabana .
after moving down to palm springs with his dog he could nt find a place to rent that allowed pets .
two months after he moved in , charles sort of stopped looking for another place to live and he had been henrys housemate for the past two and a half years .
when he was here , he told me about all these movie star owned homes that he sold in this area , and there s no way that there are that many places in this neighborhood that were owned by celebrities if you ask me .
that s not a bad idea ; i suppose waynes team has already checked his place out pretty thoroughly .
they own a house in little tuscany and we stayed with them their place is quite a bit larger than this one when we visited .
we came out here to hunt for a home ; our friends were at their place in palm beach in florida , so we stayed at the hyatt regency downtown .
we have a home in deer park , a condo in kauai and this place here .
that meant that his place would sparkle and shine in the afternoon .
that s when he asked all about the photographs , and said he thought he could probably find a buyer for our place .
you d have liked our old place , much grander than this .
he sold them a house that rock hudson had probably never even driven by , much less seen , and he bought their old place up on west chino canyon , most likely for a song .
hi henry , wow , your house is gorgeous , you look great , i hope i m dressed ok , the description of your place on the multiple listing service does nt do it justice , geez , you smell good , what s for dinner i have nt had lunch oh , i hope i m not being rude are nt you going to invite me in ?
the other thing we found during our search of her place was the photograph of rudy vallee that was in the house .
ill have my fathers steward find you a place to sleep .
in fact the place looked more like a little kids bedroom as on the wall was his homage to liverpool football club and their treble winning season in 2001 .
he had more dry heaved than thrown up he noticed , which was lucky as the forensics mob would have a go for messing up a crime scene if he had chundered over the entire place .
she had been in there , but only once as quite frankly the place was a mess .
there was very little evidence to go on , and what there was had been of no use so far , from the part fingerprints on the part washed glass at saul barraghans alcoholic flat , well , actually it was saul barraghan who was the alcoholic , not his flat , to the complete lack of evidence at mel johnstons place , to this current murder where some footprints had been found but they were very non descript , also as mr david holmes had been submerged in water for a number of hours any potential clues on his body would have deteriorated quicker so there was maybe not much to go on there either , but they would find out soon enough .
the place has been a bit messy but they are nearly there .
according to you , chiara steals your file , chiara gives you a place to stay , chiara takes you to marrakech she s the catalyst ... and the cash register .
` ` the ownership of the stables includes the cottage , so by the time you return ; you will have a proper place to live .
if this is truly your place , why do you feel like sneaking that perfume like you just did ?
out of all of my investments in rentals , i could never rent this place .
it was nt long before a couple with two children , about eight and ten , came into the pool , taking away the luxury of having the place to themselves .
` ` honestly , i need a place to lay low for a while , '' he said half asking if she knew of a place by the tone in his voice .
before he died , he said that if i ever needed a place to hide out from the world , i should make my way here .
and i thought he was gon na hit me so i started bawlin and tell him i m hungry and instead of givin me a smack he takes me to his place and gives me a whole chicken to chow on and sez he wants to make me his assistant and i sez why ?
those without a place to stay were provided rooms in hostels , courtesy of new york city .
i m fine i just wanted to let you know we are serving the warrant today to search his place .
but when my parents retired and moved to arizona , i could nt bear the thought of losing this old place .
` ` do you have a job , a car , and a place to live ?
` ` sure , i ' m going to take her to my place .
the guy who has given you a job and a place to live for what , ten years ? ''
` ` jane , i need you to go get sophie and the puppies and take them to your place . ''
is someone bothering you here , or do you need a better place to live , or ... '' his natural instinct to protect surged to the surface .
todd , pia , and baby barrett would be home at pia 's place .
` ` damn , '' steele muttered , ` ` this is nicer than any place i ' ve ever owned . ''
` ` i have no place to stay . ''
` ` steele is a special recruit who does n't have any place to stay .
` ` someone who has a key to your place . ''
mom got a little money from the state , but not nearly enough for a decent place .
like you helped those poor homeless boys just wanting a place to sleep and eat ? ''
who would have called the police to marseaux 's place ?
luckily for him , kerwin mccaslin had got him a place to stay in the better part of newark .
` ` i always go to her place , '' pops said .
if he had n't had that test , we would have gone back to his place or maybe , with the house empty , he would have stayed here .
staying in one place did n't suit him .
every time i woke up , i thought of something new to worry over , either angel 's pregnancy and its effect on her marriage , or the bizarre episodes of the ribbon and the purse , or the sight of jack burns falling , falling ... and angel and shelby would need a bigger place , they could never live in that glorified one - room apartment with a baby .. .
clutching two armloads of groceries , cece stormed from her car into the house that had been the perfect place to live until jeremy sunn started driving her crazy .
they help keep the place clean .
after the second , herschel 's stepmother fled the place and settled in jackson .
the place made these oversized rocking chairs you see on the front porches of griddle restaurants , coast - to - coast .
there were records for seth 's home place on simpson road ; a cabin near boone , north carolina ; a condo in a high - rise near destin , florida ; and several parcels of what appeared at first glance to be raw land .
they say she 's got kinfolks moving in by the carload and needs a bigger place . ''
kinda reminds me of your old place , just a lot bigger .
clyde died , the kids scattered , and cypress needed a place to live .
his wife had been dead for years , and from the flower beds and the sagging wicker porch furniture and the torn curtains hanging in the upstairs windows , it was obvious the place was missing the feminine touch it was not getting .
on two occasions she had asked him to leave her home and find another place to live .
but then , he really had no place to go .
he had lots of women , some of whom had lots of children , but ancil was never one to stay in one place .
i joined the navy when i was seventeen , lied about my age , anything to get away from home , and for fifteen years i was stationed all over the place .
he wanted to keep up with the other singles on his list because he never knew when he would need a new place to live .
he liked to use the cushions as blankets , making a total mess of the place .
wu needs a place to stay and operate .
the reason is pretty obvious - a cute blonde can go places an arab man ca n't .
` ` why in heaven 's name do n't you go over to my place and sleep if you have to sleep on the job , '' he said .
if i sleep at your place ? ''
of milton security , who had called out of the blue and insisted on his coming to sunday dinner at his place on lidingo .
since plague hardly ever left his apartment , they agreed to meet at his place at 10.00 the next morning .
she wondered how she would have reacted if someone had broken into her place and stolen the d.v.d .
are you going to disappear to work or do you want to come to my place and come to bed with me ? ''
she had wavered between a determination to drive out to fredriksson 's place and confront him , and an unwillingness to believe that it could really be true .
the few times i ' ve slept at my place since then , i ' ve woken up in the middle of the night needing you .
other children eyed her warily , almost frightened by the fragile , pale girl as though she represented death in a place that only understood immortality .
it was surely the first time that particular vehicle had been to my place .
i promised him that when i returned we 'd go to dinner in montrose , and i invited him to stay at my place and watch the football game on my tv while i was gone , since it had a bigger screen than his little portable .
a lab tech at the hospital is looking for a place to live . ''
it was painful to walk - hell , it was painful to move - and i wanted to be home locked inside my own place so bad that i could just barely endure the process of getting there .
every time i came to winthrop 's , it was to be amazed all over again that a place this size could thrive in a town as small as shakespeare .
` ` i 'll get back to my place , '' jack said .
of course her place could n't be as dirty as it had been the first time i 'd cleaned it , but every week she did a grand job of retrashing it .
i 'd tried so many places after i 'd gotten out of the hospital : from my parents ' home to jackson , mississippi , to waverly , tennessee ... waitressed , cleaned , washed hair in a salon , anything i could leave behind me when i walked out the door at the end of the workday .
i ran to my place , let myself in .
we pulled into the driveway and passed the larger house to park in front of varena 's place .
` ` i ' ve reached the point where all i can do here at my place is sleep , '' she told me , after she 'd put her sweats on .
mother had taken varena to the wedding shower , so i 'd given her a ride from their place over to the cottage .
and are n't you supposed to be meeting jack at your place ? ''
i returned to varena 's place and packed everything i could find .
` ` we saw the squirrel that was killed at her place .
it 's been hard to find a place where we both can have the jobs we like and a good lifestyle . ''
so she 'd walked to my place .
hey lily , would you mind if we finished janet 's run and went over to her place to talk ?
` ` jack , '' she said , leaning over the table right in front of me , ` ` i need to come by your place and pick up some clothes i left there . ''
i just ca n't get up the energy to do any housework , and the place is a wreck .
` ` he just said he had to go back to his place to wait for everyone to come by with the rent .
` ` well , we 're going to mcdonald 's for breakfast , '' said marcus , ` ` and then i think we 'll go to my place and play candy land , and maybe we 'll watch barney .
i went in the yorks ' place , put down the bags ... put some things in the refrigerator .
` ` do n't eat first ; we 'll fix something at my place . ''
` ` hey , what about that old guy getting killed over by your place ? ''
we 'll eat at your place , and then we 'll do good things together . ''
probably you and thea were invited places , right ?
` ` and then i got in my car ... and i backed out of my place , and put it in drive to go out , and i had to go out careful because of the yorks ' stupid camper .
t. l. ran into his apartment , past alvah , ripped down the curtains without asking her , and ran back in to pardon 's place .
` ` i cleaned her place .
` ` she was most often gone to work while i was at her place . ''
i 'd been in to clean the past friday , and today was monday , so the place still looked good ; deedra was careless with herself , but she had always been fairly tidy with everything else .
` ` who paid you to clean this place ? ''
as i closed the apartment door behind me , i saw that lacey was staring around her as though she 'd never seen her daughter 's place before .
` ` you and lacey 'bout done cleaning out deedra 's place ? ''
my saturdays were usually spent grocery shopping and cleaning my own place .
we did n't talk much on our way back to my place .
` ` come down to my place . ''
at my next job , camille emerson 's place , i was lucky enough to find the house empty .
they ' ve got the biggest place of us all . ''
architecture had always been my thing , only i never had the chance or money to visit a place this grand .
the place was a mess - with dirty pots piling up in the sink , dishes , chopping boards , kitchen utensils , and flour littering the work surfaces .
` ` got ta go to work , '' jett mumbled , and disappeared again , leaving me alone in the perfection of his place .
it might be hard to imagine , but this is the place where jett grew as a person .
others prefer their own place , '' brian said , and opened the next door , leading us into a huge living room with a fireplace and yet more paintings displayed on the walls .
brian took me in when i had no place to stay .
the last thing we needed was our dna prints or fluids scattered all over the place .
` ` i can be at your place in an hour . ''
i drove over to your place .
she slept on the mattress in the apartment for three weeks while she investigated clinics for plastic surgery , straightened out a number of unresolved bureaucratic details ( including a nighttime talk with a certain lawyer , nils bjurman ) , and paid in advance for the rent at her old place , as well as the electricity bills and other monthly expenses .
they had gone back to salander 's place and had sex all night long .
the apartment had been rented out by her trustee , holger palmgren , who had also seen to it that it was returned to her when she turned eighteen and needed a place to live .
could we work at my place rather than in the office ? ''
we ' ve turned the place upside down , and it seems that a miriam wu is living there .
so you offered to help atho punish ines and the two of you drove over to her place . ''
why did you go with atho to her place ? ''
it was pure chance that he had been at bjurman 's place the night svensson called .
he provided her with food and a place to live .
palmgren had taken her to his place and installed her in his spare room .
at the end of the go - go eighties , during a period when he had a steady job and a pretty good salary , he had looked around for a permanent place to live .
i ' ve already told greger i ' m at your place tonight . ''
it was hard to find a place for your family to live , so we solved it by letting you live in the wooden house across the road .
` ` so that 's why the government gave you a place to live and forgot about you .
the furniture and wallpaper in the house were all old and faded , but the place smelled nice and clean .
it was palmgren who had sublet her mother 's apartment on lundagatan for her until salander needed her own place to live .
` ` i ' ve seen the lights on all night at your place .
all four had established lives for themselves with a boyfriend or girlfriend ; they all had jobs , places to live , and co - op debit cards .
cecilia had not only become his lover out here in his place of exile , she had also become the person he had begun to confide in .
` ` i ' m going back to my place .
here was the place to which harriet and martin 's father had retreated when his marriage to isabella was going to the dogs in the late fifties .
and she was never home at her place on hedeby island whenever he walked past and knocked on the door .
they drove to salander 's place and spent two days in front of her computer while she guided him through wennerstrom 's universe .
` ` i 'll find my own place . ''
` ` part of me wants to invite you back to my place . ''
did you have his place bugged or under surveillance ? ''
` ` we 're all doing pizza and old cbs sunday at my place . ''
` ` stop by your place ? ''
he waited until he pulled up to their place off main street in irvington .
` ` do you mind if olivia and i crash at your place tonight ? ''
` ` we stopped at her place to shower .
kimmy 's new place still had that same smell .
when she could n't find a place to live after the second divorce -- apartments were quite scarce , i remember well -- she was forced to once again live with your father .
he was already eyeing a lovely chalet in the austrian alps , a place where he could enjoy the outdoors , hunt , fish , and be the lord of his own manor .
give me the name of the place you 're staying . ''
` ` i ' m at my place in the city . ''
dad and i moved out of newark , moved to a decent place in montclair .
then he starts screaming about how he pays taxes when he probably has like ten illegal working in the place and someone should do something .
` ` i can have her stay at my place tonight , if you 'd like . ''
` ` we drove her back to her place on campus . ''
so i was looking for my own new home , a place just mine , with no memories and no nerve- racking neighbors .
` ` mom , i ' m going to go to my place . ''
but i could buy the house outright and then invest the rest , or i could put the money from the sale of jane 's house down on the new place ...
i nodded , and eileen dropped me back at my place , thinking out loud the whole time about what she could line up to show me in the coming week .
he tried very hard not to glance around at my apartment , so much humbler than any place he 'd be used to living in since he 'd climbed the business ladder .
logically , a bachelor would be looking at a smaller place , not a virtual mansion like the anderton house .
she darted a glance over his shoulder , clearly worried about robles seeing him go into her place .
i 'd planned on getting them later tonight from my place , but now we need to move to a more secure location .
she could n't leave her kids and her apartment , the place she and joseph had shared .
he had a date scheduled with eva , showed up at her place .
joseph racked his brain but could think of nothing he 'd forgotten at her place .
the agents crashed into the mafioso 's penthouse , trashed the place , and issued a warning that considering harm to an agent was truly unwise .
chapter nine fine food , fine wine , dirty money < br/ > connolly pulled over a few blocks from the apartment bulger had begun using after closing down his mother 's place in old harbor following her death .
they were soon off together to a getaway on cape cod , where connolly , fulfilling the dream of so many who grow up in boston , now owned his own place , an $ 80,000 condo in brewster .
there 's no tree , no lights , no christmasy anything at my place .
for a while , i thought we were going to have to move one city over so you could find a place to ... '' he pauses , trying to find the words .
probably at a motel or his place . ''
` ` do you have a red bull at your place ? ''
it 's either your place or mine .
` ` my place is fine . ''
` ` how about we go back to your place and i 'll wait with you until he returns ? ''
` ` about tonight , i 'll swing by your place around ten , and my driver can take us to the party from there ... '' his voice trails off , distracted .
at the door , i find my keys and lead them into our place .
` ` i ' m sure you 're just not used to a place that does n't have a bathroom attendant and complimentary mints after you pee . ''
every year , i spend the day with my parents and lo goes to his father 's place , but beforehand , we eat a pre - turkey dinner at the small diner .
` ` i ' m hosting a pre - season bash at my place . ''
it 's quieter and darker than my parent 's place and carries a somber quality .
he 's moving from his flat in philly to a new apartment - same city , just a place with more guest bedrooms and less paparazzi lurking outside .
` ` at my dad 's place , '' he explains .
she does n't know that rose is staying over connor 's tonight , that i have specifically vacated this place for us .
i should be chastely tucked beneath my comforter , sleeping through the new year 's riffraff at my place with rose .
i left my wallet at your place .
having a place away from my parents became my bane .
` ` nine , but i started doing it to p*rn at eleven after i found that magazine at your dad 's place . ''
i shift on his doorstep , not used to entering his place by the front door .
he wanted to put her back in the car and take her to his place .
normally , it did n't take long to get back to his place .
a few blocks from his place , he pulled up fast and turned sharply into an alleyway .
the whole place was gorgeous and tasteful as if you were walking into a duke 's parlor from the seventeenth century rather than a fashion designer 's home in the twenty - first century .
guess my roommate trashed the place , '' he said apologetically .
chyna had no doubt that his roommate did not trash the place , or at least , he had something to do with the disaster she could see even in the dark .
this was why she had always brought people back to her place .
she had turned the place upside down , debating on what to bring for two months in milan .
carl drove her back to her place , and a weight seemed to settle on her shoulders as she took the elevator to the top floor .
how had she forgotten that she was tearing the place apart ?
she and frederick had gotten into a lover 's spat last week , and the place was still only halfway back to normal .
when the doorbell rang an hour later , the place was n't a hundred percent back to normal , but it was as close as it was going to get by herself .
at first , she had thought about getting her own place , but it seemed silly for the same reason it had seemed silly the last time she had moved in with him .
the ride back to their place was tense and silent .
and if he had suggested having the party at their place earlier , then maybe she would n't be so frustrated .
` ` we should go back to my place .
the car ride back to chyna 's place was short and slightly uncomfortable .
` ` i know you 'll be devastated , but i ' m going to head back to my place now , '' john said .
` ` it 's kind of strange , having my own place again .
she had never had her own place before .
memories flashed through her mind of him asking her to come over to his place , him making it up to her , him promising not to cross a line .
after such a nice afternoon , locked away in the bedroom with ramsey , she felt weird coming over to jack 's place .
it should n't matter that she was at his place rather than meeting him at a restaurant .
ramsey had his own house , but they had decided to go to his parents ' place because it was a bit bigger .
she squeaked , sliding into the driver 's side and pulling out of the parking lot on the way back to her place .
` ` can i just come to your place ? ''
the drive over to his place happened in what felt like a matter of seconds , or it could have been a couple of hours .
all she remembered was walking out of her place , leaving with a bag of clothes ... leaving ramsey behind .
she trudged down the short hall after him to the only bedroom in the place .
she had felt guilty about it ... about spending the money and about avoiding her place .
at nearly midnight , she had returned to jack 's place , and she had n't responded to any of ramsey 's messages or calls during the day .
even drunk and desperate , he had told her to leave his place .
chyna would rather drive lexi halfway around the city before getting back to her own place than give it up .
i 'd cancel any plans i had to go to his place for dinner .
` ` there 's an outdoor market a few blocks from my place .
` ` i see you ' ve been taking good care of the place , '' he mocks , taking a seat in the overstuffed arm chair adjacent to the couch .
they would be passing by los angeles soon , and he thought he might just go and see if shannon was at her place .
no , he was going to see if shannon was at her place .
asher 's hair was flying all over the place while he drummed , but she had fun trying for a close - up shot through his drum kit from the front of the stage .
` ` you should stay the night at my place .
this is the guy who wanted me to come back to his place so he could get me nak*d in his bed .
besides , i ca n't hand them four dollars plus for a coffee when my place is barely making it .
i stay there sometimes even when he goes back to his place in san francisco to conduct business .
you need a puppy to dirty this place up or something . ''
` ` i need a place to stay , '' bronte said , her eyes on the subway map .
` ` bronte here just broke up with her boyfriend and needs a place to stay for a few weeks . ''
` ` m - my place , '' she breathed .
that was why they were going all the way across town to gretchen 's apartment instead of heading to his place on the upper east side .
his place felt empty and lonely without her .
though the place was spotless , she had seen no one at all .
` ` i can send her to your place for a few days . ''
the place was spotless , but she continued to go over the furniture as if cleaning would somehow ease the turmoil in her mind .
she wished they were n't in such a public place , because the closer he got , the more she realized that he was hard and she was damp , and if they had been at her place , she could get him nak*d and they could be hav**g s*x .
let 's go to my place and get nak*d in private . ''
but let 's get to my place in kind of a hurry , okay ? ''
` ` how about we go back to my place .
after they got to her place , she pulled out her keys and tried not to appear too anxious or in a hurry as they made their way to her front door .
sometimes they went out , but usually just for a quick bite to eat , and then they 'd end up at her place for some alone time before she had to go pick up the kids .
sorry the place is such a mess . ''
i do n't want you to get your own place .
` ` come on , get your stuff , i ' m ready to go back to our place . ''
she pulled her car into the parking space at our place but neither of us moved .
i 'll text jess tomorrow to make sure it 's cool if we stay at her place again . ''
they went back to his place , did the nasty ( which she claimed was ` ` the best ever '' ) , and he cuddled her and whispered sweet nothings in her ear until she fell asleep .
i thought y' all were staying at his place . ''
i 'll be at your place at 5 ?
` ` i made you light up on tuesday and i plan on doing it again as soon as we get back to my place . ''
she offered my old room to me if i needed a place , i told her thanks and that i would let her know , but i knew i would never stay there again .
i could n't wait to get to ash 's place to show him , i knew he would be shocked to see what i had done .
at first i thought it might be scarlett that she had changed her mind about going back to her place , but when i opened the door i was disappointed to see some girl that i had been stupid enough to bring home with me a week or so before .
they had gotten a place together in the summer and the wedding was going to be in the middle of december , during winter break .
` ` he got his own place ; he said he really did n't want to live with anyone else .
we 're gon na go back to my place .
monday afternoon came too quick and i was n't ready to leave him , but i needed to go to my place to get ready for the first day of classes .
i needed to get to my place that i had yet to sleep in and i was sure he had stuff he needed to do .
do you mind taking me to my place instead ? ''
not only were they moving to a new place , there was a really good chance that things were about to get going for them musically .
unfortunately , it was the same place that bentley lived as well .
she practically lived at her boyfriend 's , and where at times i missed having some company , i was glad to have the place to myself then to regain my composure and not have to answer any questions about my splotchy face .
` ` come back to my place today and i 'll spend all day making sure that you feel good ; you can miss one day of classes , '' he proposed .
still , the idea that he wanted me to live in his place locally thrilled me .
i was n't sure if i was supposed to bring up the me living at his place thing or wait for him to mention it , so i just hugged and kissed him bye like i normally did .
the girl was seriously never at our place , so other than the money part of it , i could n't see that she would care much .
luckily my car was already close to his place , since he lived at the same apartment complex as noah and mina .
i no longer have a boyfriend , a best friend , or a place to live .
a place to live ?
it was the day that we helped my mom move into her new place , and we had gone out for a few beers and so that we could relax after the emotionally draining day , '' she answered .
she had mentioned earlier that she had been in houston to help their mom get her own place , so i assumed his parents had gotten divorced , but wondered if there was more to the story .
we will stop and get some to - go food and take it back to my place . ''
` ` why do n't we get a place together ? ''
` ` i said why do n't we get a two bedroom place here ?
still not looking up at him , i answered truthfully , ` ` i was really upset and i just wanted to drown my sorrows in alcohol so he took me back to his place . ''
i killed the bike and headed straight to their place .
five minutes later i was pulling up to his house , and it appeared i was n't the only person looking for a place to hang out for the evening .
` ` i was going to tell you if wanted a place to stay on the outside , that i have a two bedroom apartment that you are more than welcome to stay at .
that 's when i heard the deep male voice from inside her place .
once we got to the apartment , i realized that i had underestimated the emotions that i would feel being back in the place that he and i once lived as a couple .
from what i could gather , she does n't have any family so he offered her a place to stay and a job .
even though we spent many nights together already , we were still pretty strict in our weekday schedules at our own places so that we could focus on school and work .
my room was going to remain empty so when we did come back to visit , we had a place to stay .
i did n't want to get to our new home and sleep in a sleeping bag our first night , so again they had made the trip to get our place furnished .
finally , i had a chance to look around at the place .
we both wanted a place where we could escape to do homework and to play music .
will and i may just stay here and send you guys to our place to the munchkins . ''
let 's get something quick so that scarlett and i can get unpacked and check out the new place fully . ''
as happy as i was with him in our new place , i was pretty lonely .
get through school , we 'll finish up the house , and then let 's get our place up and running full speed .
it would take me a good twenty minutes to get to his place .
i would never get tired of looking at his place .
lucky had decided to keep him at my ranch instead of taking him to his place .
` ` want to come to my place ?
` ` can i come hang out at your place ? ''
his place was a mess - dirty underwear , empty bowls , pizza boxes , and beer cans littered the floor .
she had been watching the fire on the news and had called offering a place to stay the minute she saw the evacuations .
then i 'll head over to your place . ''
set her up and schedule her ; she 's gon na need some place to escape while she 's living with the wicked bitch .
she needed a safe place to live , and nan made dumbass choices like this dodge truck .
` ` i can pick you up at your place if that 's okay , '' he said .
the place was kind of impressive for a house on a beach .
i kept myself busy making the coffee and let adam look around the place as he waited .
his place looked like him .
grant convinced me to come back to his place every evening .
` ` taking you to my place , '' i informed her .
he said they had some paparazzi camped out at his place , too .
they did n't mind him spending the night , or me spending the night at his place , or us being alone .
i also put all of the things for his present in my car so we can drive over to his place later .
` ` her mother works under the chief of police here , and one time i was over at her place for dinner- '' ` ` you have dinner with her family ? ''
` ` i 'll go to her place tonight to ask . ''
i have to remind myself that this is n't my place and it probably is wise for me to go wake up mad , after all , i am here for a reason .
i do n't know the details but he showed up at my place pissed as f**k and itching for a fight . ''
pulling my truck right into the grass in front of her place and throwing it in park before jumping out and sprinting towards the door .
he is taking her back to his place for a while .
` ` tell you what , let me finish up around here , and then we can go back to my place . ''
do n't you want to take me back to your place now ?
what do you say we head back to my place and you can fill me in on the rest of the stuff you just said , yeah ? ''
he does n't see the need in my paying to live somewhere when i spend all my time at his place anyway .
we had finally talked the guys into adding some red accents around the place to at least make it look a little happier and less ' my wife is cheating , will you catch her ' gloomy .
even though i did n't live here that long , it 's still hard to leave the one place that i ' ve thought of as my sanctuary .
` ` we sold the house i grew up in and moved to our lake place , '' i began , trying to sound as carefree as i could about it , ` ` and the community we live in has the most ridiculous , restrictive covenants that do n't allow any kind of fence around the property , so it would only make sense those idiots wo n't allow a dog off leash , right ? ''
the cabin was a rickety old place , with lots of character as my parents put it when they bought the place a decade ago , which had just been a nice way of saying it was a hunk of junk that was lucky to still be standing , but i 'd learned two summers ago how to oil the hinges and apply just the right amount of upward pressure on the door handle to get the half century old door to open noiselessly .
` ` and mr . peters is going to be cool with you sauntering into class and hanging out like you own the place ? ''
` ` this is my place , '' he said with a shrug , shoving open the door .
this did n't feel right - showing up at another guy 's place during school hours thirty minutes after i 'd broken up with my cheating boyfriend .
` ` so this is your place ? ''
` ` and that night i followed him to your place , '' i said slowly , trying to process everything .
` ` i ' ve got to get luce some breakfast before taking her back to our place , so coach will just have to wait . ''
jude and i tried to switch weekends , so i was at his place every other .
india was flying back home to her parents ' place outside of miami , so we 'd have the whole room to ourselves .
` ` will your parents give you a ride back to your place ? ''
thankfully when i 'd booked the ticket last month , i guessed i 'd be at jude 's game the saturday before i flew out and planned on staying at his place that night before driving to the airport .
but it was ours , the place we got to be together in .
selective hearing , it 's your most brilliant because we ' ve got our own place , some place where we do n't have to tiptoe around other people .
` ` it 's your most foolish idea because you 're paying eight hundred dollars a month for two days a week ; it 's a two hour drive from my school and a three hour drive from your place .
` ` we could get a new place , a new fancy - ass car .
` ` hol , '' i said , ` ` i ' ve been sharing this place with a crazy , destructive caveman every weekend for three years , until he got himself drafted and moved across the country .
` ` i need ... something , '' i answered , throwing the sheet to the side , ` ` but it sounds like you ' ve got places to be . ''
` ` i mean , it 's your place .
she can get a decent place to live and- '' the alarm she 'd set forty minutes earlier chose that minute to go off .
this hotel is way posher than any place i ' ve ever stayed .
` ` i have a first aid kit at my place .
i go to his place .
i could go back to his place right now .
i 'll get you some pain medicine and you can call the cops from my place . ''
` ` need directions to my place ? ''
i do n't want to take him to his place .
` ` he 's merely kind enough to offer me a place to stay while i get my crap together again . ''
then we can go back to his place and get nak*d together .
i climb into the truck and we head to his place , though he does ask me if i 'd rather go home so i can be with owen .
` ` so who 's paying the rent at your place ? ''
fine , if you 're such a high and mighty princess who can support yourself without me , then go find your own damn place to live . ''
i want to forget about my mom , how i ' m going to pay the bills , where i ' m going to find a new place to live- '' ` ` wait a minute . ''
` ` you 're looking for a new place to live ? ''
she uses our place for storage more than anything .
i want to find a cheaper place for just owen and me . ''
` ` maybe we should go back to my place so i can do that to you all over again . ''
i slam the door and round the truck , eager to take her back to my place though i have no idea where she wants me to take her .
i can find a nicer place that 's smaller and pay less rent .
told me he 'd been looking for me , he had a job lined up and a place to stay if i want it .
i proceeded to tell her how he texted me , then came by my place to pick me up .
the only thing i can offer is a place to stay and even then i still felt like i somehow f**ked up by making the suggestion .
it 's not too far from your place .
i have some tip money stashed at your place but not enough . ''
she 's happy she found a place and i should be too but i ' m not .
` ` are you going to my place now ? ''
the entire drive back to my place , i keep a lookout for my dad 's sleek black jaguar but i do n't spot it anywhere .
` ` you have a nice place here .
excited to find my own place for owen and me .
even though i ' m getting my own place , and i know you do n't like that , i 'll be here for you .
after what happened with adele in the parking lot , right in front of his old place , he wanted out of there .
it was time to make this place mine now .
thankfully , most of the time they went to his place so i did n't have to see him .
stryker lived so close that i just ran to his place .
we would have taken it to my place , but things got heated , one thing led to another . ''
can i come to your place ? ''
we met at my place , which i had since picked up a little .
things are going to be really dull at my place . ''
this was a place with snowblowers and riding lawnmowers and potted shrubs and white fences .
` ` he 's probably on his way back to his place .
katie since stryker did n't want me at his place , i had no choice but to go back home .
i was n't going to tell her that it was because i had no place to go , and not just because i wanted to make things right .
` ` yeah , well , i figured you 'd showed up unannounced at my place enough times that i should see what it 's like on the other side . ''
she lived in a seriously sleazy part of town , and i was n't going to dump her back at her place in this bad of shape .
i was just putting on a new shirt so i could go to her place and make sure she was ok when someone banged on my door .
i ' ve never been to her place before . ''
` ` baxter is at her place with her mom . ''
we went back to my place to clean up and make up the couch for trish so she would have a place to sleep .
we went back to my place to clean up and make up the couch for trish so she would have a place to sleep .
lottie did n't stay much in her dorm room either , so it seemed pointless to pay for it when they were both living other places .
` ` i was thinking that since you 're here so much anyway and lottie and zan are thinking about getting their own place , that maybe you might want to move in .
` ` and guess who is getting her own place , just down the street , and away from her psychotic roommate ?
` ` well , i just thought that you said he did n't have a place to go for thanksgiving , so he might not have a place to go at christmas , and he was so great when everything happened that you might want to invite him over . ''
` ` well , i just thought that you said he did n't have a place to go for thanksgiving , so he might not have a place to go at christmas , and he was so great when everything happened that you might want to invite him over . ''
i ' ve girls to my place before , but they never want to see the shop ; they 're only interested in the bed .
i 'd cleaned up a bit while she was in the shower at her place , but apparently not well enough .
i ' m on the second step , he 's on the ground , so i ' m eye to eye with him , nibbling on his earlobe as he tries to convince me to just come back to his place with him instead of staying here .
why do n't you want to stay at my place ? ''
after being homeless for as long as i was , it 's hard for me to sleep anywhere but my place .
it 's not that i do n't like your place , or whatever .
i never really thought about it until now , but almost all of the time we ' ve spent together has been at his place , or out .
we 're not that far from your place , actually .
she likes my place .
i said not at my place . ''
she hates my place , thinks it 's not safe . ''
` ` why is your place not safe ? ''
we can swing by your place , feed dog the cat , you can change and grab some of your stuff for the next couple days . ''
he takes the long way to my place , making sure to hit some of the most beautiful parts of town .
` ` you 're staying at his place again ? ''
he tells me she showed up a few hours ago but went straight to her place saying she was n't feeling well .
but really , i can stay at my place . ''
i ca n't sleep knowing you 'll be alone at your place . ''
` ` you 're at your place ?
after an hour of circling the city , i go back to her place and wait .
are you sure you 're okay being alone at your place ?
this place feels more like the waiting room of a doctor 's office than a home .
` ` i will not leave this place without her . ''
` ` i ' m pulling up to your place now .
first thing i did when i got my own place was take back that part of my life he robbed me of .
condo is a joke of a word that does n't do justice to this place .
tan carpet , beige walls , the only color in the place is layla 's bright red bed comforter and orange and yellow pillows .
which reminds me ... ` ` i hope it 's okay , but blake told me about your place .
blake suggested that we check out your place , maybe get some counseling . ''
as obvious as the reasons seemed only minutes ago , they 're getting less and less relevant as we near my place .
` ` you show up at my place looking sexy as hell in your high socks , short ass shorts , and no bra- '' shit .
and having layla up at my place making herself at home , the door to my music room wide open , and me grabbing her phone from her truck feels really f**king good .
they ' ve backed into the spot , windshield aimed directly at the windows of my place .
i jog up to my place and lock the door behind me .
so i have all night alone with blake at a sleepover at his place .
we pull up to my place , and i sit in the passenger seat , dreading getting out .
as much as i want to run to his place , fall to his feet and sob until he takes pity on me , i ' m probably the last person he wants to see .
their home in cottesloe became his refuge - the one place he never felt worthless , only welcome ... and safe .
` ` i remember coming to stay at your place plenty of times before we moved here from adelaide .
she opened the front door and over her shoulder said , ` ` ian 's place . ''
time with ian had been spent at his place until emotions cooled down .
dad pitched a shit fit when i dropped crookshanks off at their place .
` ` it 's only a fifteen minute drive to mum and dad 's place , '' fin pointed out .
` ` can i come hang out at your place ?
his place was a mess- dirty underwear , empty bowls , pizza boxes , and beer cans littered the floor .
she had been watching the fire on the news and had called with an offer of a place to stay the minute she saw the evacuations .
it 's right around the block , so let 's eat first , and then we 'll take your stuff to my place , '' hadley said , walking into traffic without a backward glance .
all devon knew was that it was way nicer than any place she expected to live in after graduation .
she was staying at hadley 's place with hadley 's boyfriend .
she would need to find a place to stay for the rest of the summer or else she would have to fess up to reid and her family sooner rather than later .
` ` my place is just around the corner .
she did want his help , but she did n't want to go back to the place he shared with hadley .
she was here for a place to crash , and crashing sounded like a good idea right about now .
` ` you 're still coming to my place tonight , right ? ''
i think it 's a good idea for them to have the place to themselves tonight .
her face was pretty beat - up , and she had n't even had makeup at his place to hide any of it .
he had been playing and singing to her a lot more when she was at his place .
` ` get up ; i ' m on my way over to your place to get ready for the club . ''
` ` oh , my friend caleb is picking us up at your place , bye . ''
he once worked as a hair stylist for miranda lambert , but gave that up to stay in one place and build a life with his partner george .
he walked inside , ` ` pack a bag ; you 're staying at my place tonight . ''
his tone changed , ` ` i do n't think you should be alone tonight after the news you received , and my place has a guest room .
` ` no , i asked him out , and we went to dinner , then to a club and back to his place .
` ` connor , i had to leave , my being at your place was hurting you as bad as it was hurting me .
we came to the agreement that i would not sign a lease and that i would pay cash every month for as long as i needed to stay , but i had to promise one thing ; i had to come to his place for dinner and meet his partner landon .
she told me she had been kicked out of her house and she did n't have any money and no place to go .
i was glad to have her in my limo even if it was a short drive to her place .
` ` i do n't think you should be alone tonight after the news you received , and my place has a guest room .
i decided to stop by ellery 's apartment before going home just to -- -- hell , i do n't know why , but before i knew it , i was parked across the street from her place .
my being at your place was hurting you as bad as it was hurting me .
i arrived at her place , and i knocked on the door .
if someone goes to our place and sees our xbox , the controllers , games , and headsets gone , not to mention the hundred or so movies and blu - ray player ... you do n't think they 'll find that suspicious ? ''
she began walking around the place and her eyes got bigger with each empty room she came across .
` ` rach , '' i snorted , ` ` it 's seven in the morning and you left my place at nine last night .
` ` rach '' -eli smirked- '' i ' m not gon na be able to drive the two of you back to your place after .
he kept kissing your cheek , and now he 's taking candice back to his place . ''
` ` your place is always a dump ; you ai n't got no cleaning lady .
not allowing myself to look at kash one last time , i put my car in reverse and followed blake back to his place .
i could deal with our place being broken into .
i can get my own place , or even sleep on the couch ... '' my own place ?
i can get my own place , or even sleep on the couch ... '' my own place ?
he kept an arm around her as he led her to our place and took her right into his bedroom .
` ` when i turn eighteen , i 'll get my own place , ty . ''
i need to get my own place this year . ''
let 's finish out the summer work , then you can find a new place , concentrate on finishing school , and let the rest happen as it 's supposed to . ''
gage would help with the dishes before he went back to his place , and tyler would come in to make sure there was n't anything going on he was n't okay with .
` ` i 'll be at your place in ten . ''
an hour later i was back at my place and taking a scalding hot shower , trying to wash away everything cara .
another muffled sound from the front of my place had me muting the tv and grabbing my sig .
` ` i have n't gotten the whole story , but he kicked her out of their place , locked her out in nothing but a tiny shirt and pants , without her phone or anything .
gage , that 's a good three - or - four - mile walk from their place .
she walked to my place and by the time she got there she was blue and completely frozen !
when we got back to my place , dana jumped up and put her finger over her mouth before whispering , ` ` she finished a second cup of coffee and just fell asleep like three minutes ago . ''
` ` i 'll go to jackie 's until i can get my own place . ''
and i do n't want you to give me a place to stay because you feel sorry for me . ''
he locked her out without her phone or keys or anything and she ended up walking to my place .
when i would n't budge , you not only found someone else , you made it a point to insult me in front of her and then kick me out of our place . ''
all the guys came over to my place for her cooking about once a week and i was glad it was less than what they 'd been doing at ty 's .
she had n't said a word the entire way back to our place last night , had n't gotten up for our morning hug before or after my run that morning .
i 'd forgotten that during my rant to gage , adam , and dana about why tyler had brought that girl back to our place , i 'd also disclosed the fact that i was still carrying my v - card .
` ` your own place ?
` ` now , almost everything from your place is already in the trucks .
` ` give me the keys to your place .
it would definitely be easier at night now , seeing as we 'd gone into town yesterday and bought absolutely everything that we needed for our new place .
i ' m the one who walked to your place , but you ?
cassidy loved having the girls closer to her , and more often than not , all the girls and kids were at our place at the end of the workday .
now , lana and will had a decent place to sleep and my partner did n't .
` ` this is mac 's mum 's place . ''
when i pulled into the driveway , i gave travis a quick call to let him know i had him at my place .
` ` we 'd just need to stop at my place on the way in the morning so i can grab my beach things . ''
he looked comfortable , his demeanour practically shouting that my bed was a place he visited nak*d on numerous occasions .
peter was being dropped off at their place for the duration of the tour before we hit the long term airport car park , meeting up with coby and travis , my personally designated security for the tour .
also , the rumour mill informs me that dinner at our place tonight , before the after party , is being catered for by none other than mr . chow himself . ''
casey had moved in with travis , and peter moved back to our place .
mac 's having a get together at our place tonight .
` ` mitch said it was dinner at your parents place tonight . ''
i let a guy take me back to his place , and i slept with him , literally , and i did n't know his name !
justin never ate anything at their place .
` ` i need you to drop some papers over to quinn 's on your way to mum and dad 's place . ''
` ` my place is n't safe anymore .
` ` your place is n't safe ? ''
i went round to her place almost every night , but she would n't talk to me , and then one day she was gone .
we need to get our own place . ''
` ` and i know you have no place to go , '' he adds , ` ` but when this is over and i know you 're safe , you will have to be on your own .
you 'll be safe there until i can get the rest sorted out , get you set up in a place of your own .
i hated olaf as much as i hated all of the men who kept me in this place , but i was always glad when he came .
the place smells intensely of paint thinner and glue and other lung - damaging chemicals .
i had saved up three hundred dollars , which would pay for a place to sleep and that tattoo i thought i needed , but someone had stolen it while i was asleep at the shelter last night .
` ` you got a place to sleep tonight , kit ? ''
he took care of me when i needed a place to stay , and i took care of him when his brother got sick with cancer .
if there 's too much press around the house , you should all stay at our place in villanova . ''
` ` do you mind if i stop by my place to change real quick ?
i 'd known that i missed the place , but as we approached the house , it was driven home to me just how much .
we can just go to my place . ''
` ` that guy is trying to be a gentleman , because as much as he wanted you to come back to his place and as much as he wants to kiss you - you 're hurt , and i ' m afraid you do n't actually want me here . ''
` ` i ' m ashamed to say that my place is still covered in boxes .
god , how i wished we were at his place .
was he trashing my place because i 'd run out and left him there like the biggest jerk this side of kanye west at the 2009 vma 's ?
so on a whim i said , ` ` let 's go to my place .
i ' ve been thinking about coming round to your place for over an hour , but i was afraid i 'd knock on the door and you 'd have people over or something . ''
cade was n't speaking to me , and i had n't heard from kelsey , so i told him i was free , and we made plans for dinner at my place .
if only we had gone to his place .
chapter twenty- two i thought about going to his place as soon as i got home , but truth be told i was afraid .
i was halfheartedly trying to flag down a taxi to take us to my parents ' place in kensington when i heard someone shout , ` ` taylor !
i needed to turn off bliss and become someone else , someone who fit in this place and knew what to say and what not to say .
my parents were proud of their newly remodeled bathroom , and this place was practically a palace .
and that way is my parents ' place .
so far , i 'd managed to wriggle out of all her invitations to visit , but sooner or later i was going to run out of excuses and would have to see the place they lived .
meaning my place was a dump .
they were just kids who needed a place to hang out .
let 's end practice early and go back to your place .
` ` we 'll go to my place .
his place felt homey .
` ` to the only place more depressing than home . ''
i stayed where i was and called , ` ` should we find a place to stay ?
` ` but we need to find a place to stay and put our things and- '' ` ` later .
but we can find a place to stay if you want . ''
18 i might have said to hell with hunt 's issues and demanded we find a place to stay if i 'd had any idea what i was in store for that night .
we left the station and headed to the city to find lunch and a place to stay .
` ` i did n't believe you when you told me i would find another place to call home . ''
indeed , it was so much of a paradise that it took us nearly an hour to find a place to stay .
jackson searched for a place to stay while i caught up on my e - mail .
i asked , ` ` did you find a place for us to stay ? ''
prague was where he convinced me that i could find another place that felt like home , or another person even .
i came close to giving up hope , to believing that i would never find a place that could ever feel like home .
even though i had n't had the whole tour of the walkers ' place , the kitchen was easy enough to find .
` ` you know , if you 're ever looking for some place to escape to , my parents ' place is n't all that far from willow springs , '' josie said .
` ` you know , if you 're ever looking for some place to escape to , my parents ' place is n't all that far from willow springs , '' josie said .
why she 'd probably wasted fifty gallons of gas in that gas - chugging machine of hers to drive from her place to this place .
why she 'd probably wasted fifty gallons of gas in that gas - chugging machine of hers to drive from her place to this place .
it was because she was driving to his place .
` ` and then you found me at his place late at night . ''
` ` pike 's place ?
it might not have been ideal for most romances , but it was our place , and that trumped everything else .
` ` she is n't staying at my place , moody . ''
it had been a long month , so when garth asked if i wanted to come over to his place after dinner and ` ` shoot the shit , '' i 'd agreed .
see if it 's a place i could live . ''
` ` are you going to tell me the real reason you 're here , or am i to assume you ' ve been kicked off of willow springs and need a place to crash ? ''
brandy 's bar was a fifteen - minute drive from my place , but it took a little longer since i probably had about as much alcohol in my bloodstream as i did white blood cells .
if jesse was n't two states over , i might have raced to his place and forced his ass out of bed to keep me company and get my thoughts off their current track .
truthfully , that she 'd even invited me to stay at her place was enough to choke a man up , but i could n't let her know that .
there was no way i could let her know she was probably the only person on the face of the earth who 'd invite me to crash at their place for an indefinite amount of time .
` ` you know , garth , if you want to take some time off and get away for a while , jesse and i 'd be happy to have you at our place .
dad said he told you that you were welcome to move into the bunk house with the rest of the hands , but you said you were staying at a friend 's place for a while . ''
should you ever desire to move out of your ' friend 's ' place , or should they decide to kick you out , you know you 're welcome at willow springs , right ? ''
` ` you told me you were staying at a friend 's place .
` ` you owe me the decency of getting out of that ice box of a truck into mine , and then i ' m taking you to my place .
the only thing i care about right now is getting you in my truck and taking you back to my place . ''
` ` and i ' m sorry you had to dry up an entire oil field from the amount of gas you went through driving from your place to mine ? ''
i left that day , never returning to josie 's place until a couple of years ago .
like most of the homes around there , the gibsons ' place was an old farmhouse that they 'd done a nice job of keeping up .
` ` but hating to have to bring our filthy fantasies to an end and face reality - sleeping in your bed and squatting at your place was a one - night deal .
but why did n't you just go get your own place or something ?
i basically told them you needed a place to stay , we had a place for you , and that was that . ''
it 's going to take you more than a few days to find a place of your own , '' josie said , crossing her arms .
will you come over to my place tonight ?
i knew exactly what colt had in mind about bringing josie to his place , and it had nothing to do with talking or parents being anywhere around .
assuming he was the one - pump wonder i 'd always believed he was , thirty seconds was too long for josie to be at his place .
` ` am i to take that as an indication that you will not be going to his place tonight ? ''
like going to his place tonight or to the hillbilly hoe - down ? ''
i 'd taken hours to make the necklace dangling on her bedpost , and i had to rush over to her place to sneak it back out since she got a date to homecoming .
` ` do you remember that party we had at my place the summer after sixth grade ?
` ` why do n't you help me up and over to my truck so i do n't get blood all over yours , and then let 's just get back to your place and figure out the rest when we get there .
` ` i drink it black , but that 's ok , i 'll just borrow some and make it at my place . ''
` ` hey , grab your things and take a quick shower at my place .
i 'll be by your place to fix your shower tomorrow after you get home .
allie 's mom picks the girls up from school , takes them to dance class , and then drops charley off at my place .
when maddie works the day shift at the bar , she usually does n't get off work until 6:00 p.m. she does n't work many nights , but when she does , charley spends the night at my place .
are you still at his place ? ''
` ` charley will be at my place around 7:00 p.m .
` ` how about dinner tonight at your place ?
25 luke i spent more time at lily 's place than i did my own .
sam and i worked out a system that if i ' m staying at lily 's for the night , then gretchen would stay at our place .
she was upset and crying about it , so lily asked her if she wanted to sleep over at her place . ''
let 's have dinner at my place next tuesday , and we 'll do chinese take - out ; no guys , just us girls . ''
i told both of them about mary not being my biological mother , and we 're having dinner at my place tuesday night so i can tell them the whole story .
we 're both going to keep our separate places fully furnished with all the things the baby needs . ''
she comes here , and when i leave , i go home to her place , and i spend every night with her . ''
` ` did you give him the key to his place back ? ''
i ' m gon na walk her to our place . ''
` ` we 're only three blocks from my place .
i forgot that she knew where my bedroom was , that she knew her way around my place , that she had a damn key .
we can go back to my place later if you want . ''
it was all very rule , it was like he had found a place to work and completely and totally embodied who he was as a person and that was just really special to see .
i did n't ask if he was taking me home or to his place and i honestly did n't care until i remembered rome was crashing on his couch .
` ` hey are we going downtown or to my place ? ''
your car will be here so you can decide if you want to stay or go to your place later . ''
she was still acting a little off but between always staying at rule 's place and having him crash at ours , to shifting my schedules around at work and being constantly vigilant to avoid any kind of run in with gabe since the protection order had been shut down cold like mark had predicted , pinning her down and making her talk to me had n't been possible .
on the days i worked i stayed on the hill with rule since his place was closer to the bar and he did n't mind coming to have a drink and waiting for me to get off so he could take me home he and lou were like the best of friends now .
i needed to get some normal food in this place if i was going to keep spending time here or i was going to end up the size of a baby hippo .
` ` i guess i need to go back to your place and get this taken care of . ''
luckily cora had an extra couple rooms open in the house she rented in the washington park area because both of her roommates had recently got engaged to each other and had moved out to get their own place so ayden dropped me off at her place and returned a couple hours later with all my essentials packed up for an extended stay .
luckily cora had an extra couple rooms open in the house she rented in the washington park area because both of her roommates had recently got engaged to each other and had moved out to get their own place so ayden dropped me off at her place and returned a couple hours later with all my essentials packed up for an extended stay .
we were both grateful because i liked our place , it was super convenient for work and i really did n't want to move or ask nash to leave .
he 's gon na need a place to crash until he figures out what he 's doing .
he ended up homeless and in need of a place to crash , so here he was .
when i first moved into their place , i thought having cora and her big mouth there would make it easier .
` ` that guy she 's been seeing offered to take her to his place . ''
` ` rule has it in his head that when rome gets back , he wo n't go to his parents ' home at all , and is going to need a place to stay .
it 's like someone backed up a truck and cleaned the place out .
i ' ve always had a roommate , and until i can afford my own place , i 'll be sharing an apartment with tori .
i ' m just thankful that ridge allowed me to stay at his place .
do you not have a place to stay ?
ridge : just until you can get your own place .
now that i have a place to live , all i need is a job .
warren and i are letting her stay here until she finds her own place .
he was fourteen when we got our own place .
` ` i kind of think it is your place , though .
i have a key to her place .
i ' ve had a key to her place for three years , but i have n't had to ring her doorbell in all that time .
ridge : i like your place .
you 'll have the place to yourself .
` ` so you would be up for coming back to my brother 's place after we eat ?
he was asking me to come to his place .
one of my friends from harvard was turning twenty - one , and his girlfriend was throwing a huge bash at her parents ' place .
i had stayed at his place .
` ` could i convince you to come back to my place ? ''
` ` okay ... you 'll go back to my place ? ''
and we 're going to my place .
after planning on taking jo back to my place for sex once the cotillion was over , i had failed miserably when the time actually came .
they had to move to a cheaper place , and jess had to get a job that paid the bills and paid the large monthly payment she has to make to the hospital for her mother so she can get the surgery and get chemo . ''
` ` we ca n't stay at jax 's place , '' i said , thinking about his mother showing back up again .
the place where i 'd been happy , but clueless as to who i was .
brax : i 'd say you always had a place to sleep and bianca and i will help you with whatever you need .
ma made a few calls to my sisters , and organized a family welcome - home dinner at trip 's place that night .
` ` oh , teen 's staying at my place , '' she hiccupped , her voice filled with drunken excitement .
he opened the passenger door , helped scarlett down , and without saying a word , grabbed teeny out , threw her over his shoulder in a fireman 's hold , and stomped back to our place .
scarlett cleaned up the shop and shut down the lights , locking the doors behind us as we left for her place .
tomorrow night , girls ' night at your place , right ? ''
two hours later , i had driven across town twice , checked her parlor , the pub , teeny 's place , her place and everywhere else i could think of .
i was always at her place .
the one time i was n't there when she got home from work , she 'd stomped over to trip 's place and gave me an earful that ended with her being bent over the couch and being shown just how much i loved when she was pissed at me .
living across the road from him and not storming over there to kick his ass for hurting me was killing me to the point i had been staying at teeny 's place some nights .
he 'd been discharged from the hospital to find all his crap over at her place .
without a second thought , i raced across the quiet street to scar and mace 's place , with trip yelling behind me that i needed to get back on the couch .
` ` also , pam , help me to understand why we keep meeting out like this when i have specifically indicated my preference for phone calls , video chats , i do n't know , the occasional meeting at my place ? ''
i did n't even have enough money saved to get my own place .
why else would n't i take her to my place ?
` ` at my place , '' i said , ` ` if you 'd like to see it . ''
maybe it was a coincidence , but it felt like they were lurking , waiting to see whether i came home after work or went to matt 's place .
oh god , thank god , thank god for this place .
he and hannah had packed everything and cleaned the place .
` ` we could go check out dylan and tristan 's new place . ''
` ` you want to go see your ex - boyfriend 's place .
` ` how about we go change out of our swimsuits , head over to his place , and find out ? ''
the next morning , when my head had cleared a little , i realized i actually had to find a place to live in order to move out .
tristan 's my cousin , and i need a place to crash .
should i go to his place and thank him in person ?
` ` this place is so bare since i moved out .
there was an uneasiness , a new fear , in leaving my place before i 'd gotten a chance to work through everything in my head .
i had to get away , go to my place to process .
plates and glasses tinkled as i collapsed gracelessly in my chair and announced loudly , ' i think we should take dessert to go and hang out at my place .
' i 'll come by your place around nine . '
we thought we 'd come back to my place afterwards for a few drinks .
we shuffled out of the flat on dublin street , ellie looking back at it longingly as we climbed the hill toward joss 's place .
we never hung out at nate 's - i 'd never even seen his place - because he said he preferred my apartment , so he often used the key i had given him .
' i spent most of alana 's childhood providing her with a safe place away from her stepdad . '
shrugging out of their jackets , the three of them stared around at my place and then at me , little matching furrows appearing between their brows .
after work on monday i opened the door to my place and just stood there , gazing around the room .
' my place is a five - minute walk from here . '
' i ' ve never seen your place . '
' or we could just go back to your place , ' he suggested , caressing my hip .
' let 's go back to my place now . '
' adam ca n't stand clutter or chaotic spaces , so i promised him i 'd get this place up and running before we move in . '
when melissa caught wind of dean 's impending trip , she invited herself along , claiming she still had n't seen our place yet and it was n't fair if dean saw it first .
and when we get back to your place , i ' m telling her that . ''
that meant we got to move home , and it also meant that jack did n't have to try to find a place to live in his downtime .
the players did n't have time to find places to live , and deal with other necessary issues like that , when their entire days were spent at the ball field trying to maintain their position .
the movers drove all of our belongings to a storage unit near gran and gramps ' place , where we all took turns stacking boxes into the rented space .
it was hard looking for a place while i traveled with jack and attended all his home games at a new stadium .
` ` i told them you were over here crashing at my place , but you probably have a fuckton of text messages on your phone . ''
` ` let 's go to my place and we can have a , you know . ''
spend a few nights at an apartment in allston where eight bu guys cut off from family funds share a two - bedroom place and start naming the cockroaches and you get a sense of filth .
meet me back at my place .
trevor walking out of darla 's little place , i stepped out into the sunlight , feeling the warmth on my skin , making me realize just how crazy the past who the hell knows had been .
the room 's gon na be a little bit bigger than my place and yes , you 'll have your own bathroom .
` ` and now you have a place to live , you have a guy - ` ` ` ` two guys , '' i interrupted - might as well change the subject .
` ` and then , '' i shook my head a little , ` ` he needed a place to stay , some clothes , some food , and once he called you everything sort of snowballed from there and we knew what was happening next .
chapter nine joe jerry 's place looked exactly like you would think a place named jerry 's place in the middle of the wastelands of america would look .
but you always said you needed a job along with a place to live .
the whole shebang - a place to stay and a job .
my mind was reeling from the threesome , from waking up alone , from calling aunt josie to get a sympathetic ear and now she was offering me a place to live and a job ?
relocating with a job and a place to live and my breathing became labored .
i knew one of the people i 'd gone to high school with , probably kathy matthews , would be the maid for this place and finding a twenty on a bed as a tip was about as close to winning the lottery as she could get around here .
josie 's offer was on the table - a job , a place to live .
it sounded like i had two places to live now .
dad might have been an a**hole , but he gave me a place to live .
` ` do you have a place ? ''
so , i got a possible place to live permanently , amy , and a job interview all in one evening .
before it dawned on her that my place was too small for furniture that had an ` ` under , '' the ring came again .
i sputtered as mom just barged right in as if she owned the place .
amy the party darla invited me to was in one of those brownstones in the back bay , the kind of place that looked like it could be in a sherlock holmes film just as easily as it could house a senator .
it had been a safe haven , my little place just a couple weeks ago , and now , it was a prison .
i mean , the connors and the rosses have helped me here and there when i needed a place to crash , like for spring break , but otherwise ... '' his voice trailed off .
we moved around a lot when i was young , never stayed in one place more than a few months .
they 'll be here in a few days and although jack told me to make the place feel like my home , too , it already does .
you have a place to stay and you do n't have to worry about food , either . ''
the place was such a mess that it would take hours , possibly days , before it was all put back so we could tell what was gone .
but she was changing : withdrawing from regularly scheduled social get - togethers , working nonstop , and spending all of her free time at david 's place .
` ` i love my place .
` ` your place looks great , jane .
the place was small but happily cluttered , with various books , papers , and magazines scattered among antique tables , a deep sectional , and a tiny breakfast nook that held french doors opening onto a patio .
i 'll tell them that they need to give me a place to stay , and i 'll get a room for you , too . ''
when he finishes , he says , ` ` and since neither of us have any place to sleep tonight- '' tucker glances at trystan and then mari .
we met there , shared a meal , and are walking back to my place .
the subway is n't too far and i 'll be home in less than an hour - ` ` his hand cups my cheek , ` ` my place is less than ten minutes from here .
i 'd live here year - round if i had a place like this .
this place is his haven , his security blanket .
we have dinner together and then head back to his place where we talk until one of us passes out .
` ` come to my place later . ''
cole leaves for his apartment after that and i have the place to myself for a few hours .
i ca n't believe he talked my parents into staying at his place , but he did .
the color combination makes the place feel warm and posh .
i can only hope that we 'll make my guy 's place before it 's too late and he turned us away .
his place always has people lined up around the door for lunch rushes and he can never seem to keep his bussers .
` ` depends , is your place out of town ? ''
` ` we better skip work altogether today and clean this place up , then search for our own place . ''
` ` no , we just did n't have a place to sleep , '' i offered .
` ` should we start walking toward her place ? ''
now all we need is a place to live , i thought .
do you not have a place to live ? ''
just enough to save a few bucks and get our own place ? ''
` ` do you have any other place to stay while we look for him ? ''
my lease was up a few weeks after i got the randd position and january helped me move into my own place .
i ' ve been fired too many times , and not having a source of income is an issue since i need a place to live and food to eat .
i smile , thinking about cassie sitting at her aunt 's house and the way she smiled and danced around the place late at night when we were both too tired to sleep .
this place is a dump and the thought of her being here is too much , but she 's not mine to save .
this is so over the top , even for you , that you had to know what mom would do to you when you bought the place . ''
` ` first , back to my place .
we 're stopping at my place , so i 'll put on some jeans or something .
for the first time i noticed the place was ransacked .
* * * we tidied up the place so alessandro 's household staff would n't notice the break - in .
we worked hard to make the place look like it had before .
my head rested on his chest , his arms wrapped around me , the warmth from the fireplace engulfing us like a cocoon , taking us to a place where love could light up the sky and nothing was broken .
okay come on , we 're going to my place to get you changed . ''
and let 's not forget how she asked him almost daily to come to her place after the shop closed for a late dinner - chase said no every time - or all her new tattoos that she 'd only let chase do .
instead , you let her continue to flirt with you and invite you over to her place in the middle of the night .
it was n't my place , and it gave him a thrill and paid his bills , so who was i to voice my opinion ?
i love your new place , i ' m so glad you decided to move here ! ''
yesterday we had finished picking out and buying everything we needed to furnish our new place , and the things that were n't already stored in mom and dad 's garage were being delivered tomorrow morning .
* * * i woke up confused at first , but smiled and curled up even more into brandon 's arms when i realized we were in our place , in our room , in our bed .
breanna 's gon na hate me , but we 're ignoring the outside world and not leaving our place for the rest of the weekend .
we sat at the kitchen table , my legs propped up on brandon 's lap , eating breakfast and staying long after it was gone just to talk and enjoy having our own place .
my family and his were coming for dinner monday night to have everyone in our place now that it was completely done being decorated - brandon had only let me work for five minutes an hour , and had done the rest himself , but i had to admit it looked amazing and i loved seeing him make our new place our home - and also to share our news .
my family and his were coming for dinner monday night to have everyone in our place now that it was completely done being decorated - brandon had only let me work for five minutes an hour , and had done the rest himself , but i had to admit it looked amazing and i loved seeing him make our new place our home - and also to share our news .
in order to carry on family day , once a week everyone gathered at either mom 's , carrie 's or our house to have family time , and though they 'd been skipping our place so i would n't have to worry about cleaning or playing hostess while trying to be a mom , i 'd made them promise to let us have our week again .
` ` my mom offered to watch liam for the night , she said she has enough things at her place that you would n't need to get a bag for him .
mom was surprised to see me , but after saying everyone was having a good time at our place , and i did n't want to pick up liam too late , she gave me a quick kiss and sent me on my way with my son .
` ` bree may have told all the guys at my place that she 's basically never done anything with a guy , and i mean anything .
once we were back at my place , she refused to look at or talk to me even though we were the only two in the living room , and she finally gave up by flopping onto one of the couches .
i 'd already gone back to my place by the time brandon called derek to see where he 'd taken her thursday night , so i knew she was safe , just like i knew she had spent an entire weekend in a hotel room with brandon .
i wanted to thank my sister for getting harper to wear bikinis and thought of the handful of times i 'd seen her at the beach or lying out by the pool at my place .
having a party at my place .
i have to invite the guy over to my place for a freaking slumber party ?
i was concerned about matt seeing sculpt pulling up on his bike at our place .
i tried to persuade him to take me to his place and i could make him dinner , but he told me his place was off limits .
back at my place , i wished we stayed longer at the restaurant ... well outside the restaurant .
i loved living here with kat , but i wanted my own place .
it was also when i decided that i 'd stop living and hiding under matt and kat and earn enough to buy my own place and build a cliental helping others with their horses .
he 'd given up his tour money so that i 'd have a place to live and be safe from his father .
` ` georgie has n't even left her place yet .
and i 'd like you to come back to my place tonight . ''
and soon , i 'd have enough money to get my own place .
i realized that we were going to be together , but i still needed my own place .
my family has dinner over at their house occasionally and they attend barbeques at our place .
the place smells like cinnamon and the kitchen sink is overflowing with dishes .
` ` you should come over and see our new place .
` ` we 're supposed to go over to their new place , if you 're up for it . ''
i 'll stop by your place later .
` ` i think i - i want to come with you guys , but i have to go back to my place and pack a bag real quick .
i kiss her lips lightly and whisper in her ear , ` ` i was thinking how we could do this every day when we have our own place . ''
` ` we are going to get are own place eventually no matter where we live , '' i say and kiss her forehead .
i do n't have my phone on me so i can either wander around , go home or take the bus to my sister 's place and stay there for a little while .
this was the only place she could afford and i 'll admit it 's disgusting .
` ` i can take you home or i can take you back to my place . ''
` ` we should go back to your place , '' she finally shouts over the noise as we reach the heart of the casinos .
at your place ? ''
i barely have any money left and even if i pawned off my ring '' -she raises her hand in front of her and wiggles her finger- '' it still would n't cover a new deposit and rent for another place . ''
` ` yeah , but you 're not going to get another place , '' i say , giving her leg a gentle squeeze before rising to my feet .
` ` that does n't answer how you can pay for your own place , '' i say , unbuckling my seat belt .
my head feels a little hazy , due to the few shots i had before i came to his place .
` ` because i needed a place to live . ''
maybe we 'll have to find another place for you .
` ` you know i like your place more than my own . ''
i ca n't picture you living in a place like this .
miss black called me midweek and told me that i would be an escort this weekend , to show up at her place on friday night at 6:00pm and she 'll go over the details .
come by my place after work . ''
it 'll be like that night at my place , and you 'll be certain . ''
his place was n't spacious , but for the last eight months it had been mine .
the place was well - kept but had all the earmarks of a bachelor pad .
` ` was your place damaged ? ''
* * * since i had been spending so much time at javier 's place anyway , i felt at home right away .
i need a place to stay . ''
the place was kitschy as anything .
i could n't afford a place to stay for very long or food to eat if i were to leave uncle jim .
would i go to his place ?
in order for my scam to work , i needed to get into his place and take a look around .
maybe i could barter for a place to stay in another town and get some employment there .
` ` or , '' he said , louder now , ` ` we can do dinner at my place . ''
dinner at his place meant i could properly scope out the joint .
` ` dinner at my place it is then .
did he really want reminders of her all over the place ?
my phone had gone dead during the night and he was probably wondering why my car was still outside of his place .
we did a final sweep of the place , camden taking a picture of ben from off the fireplace mantle , then hurried down the stairs and into the garage .
she did n't call the place home but she 'd been there for two years and it was as close of a home as she 'd gotten before .
if he has his ex - girlfriend , and they 're in the place they used to share together , i would bet he would n't give her up easily .
i wanted to go back in time before this mess ever started , when it was just him and i and i did n't know any better and we had a home and a place where we could be us .
there were hair appliances and makeup and clothes strewn all over the place , cementing the fact that violetta may have had a gun in her hands , but she was still a young girl .
there were a few squalid looking apartment buildings across the street , white stucco like violetta 's place , but stained with green sludge .
` ` we 're going back to your place , '' i said , my voice harder , ` ` and we 're getting my car .
` ` we can use my place as a home base .
later that evening we went for a drive , heading into la and the area of silverlake looking for sophia 's old place .
i ' ve had my own apartment in galveston for four years now , but last night my mom insisted i stay at her place .
mr . saunders will be staying at the office tonight , so you have the place to yourself .
` ` i have n't been parasailing in a while , but i still have a ' chute at my place .
he walked beside me , occasionally bumping into me a little bit , and i wondered if i would even make it to his place before my defenses broke down completely .
` ` how about you just come with me back to my place ? ''
it was usually busy as everyone else in iowa typically had the same idea , but tonight , we had the place to ourselves .
` ` you want to come back to my place ? ''
i had offered to put him up at my place , but we both enjoyed room service too much to actually leave .
this place was far fancier than anything i had ever even imagined possible .
rashid was on the couch , sitting there like he owned the place .
` ` after this , we 'll head back to my place and drink crappy wine , watch crappy movies , and eat good ice cream .
` ` how about we do it at my place ?
` ` i should probably get back to my place , '' i said .
` ` would you like to stay at my place again ? ''
` ` we 're about to start a game of sand volleyball at your place .
i ' m going to go ahead and grab my stuff so that it 's all over at my place , '' tony said .
or sleeping at your boyfriend 's place for the first time .
many nights i 'd left her place unsatisfied sexually , but completely content emotionally .
i paced back and forth in my bedroom , my thoughts all over the place .
listen , before i get distracted , matt wants us to come over before the softball game and hang out at his place .
` ` so tell me about your new roommates and your place and stuff , '' i asked , even though he 'd told me a lot of those things before .
maybe she came home with one of my roommates and needed a place to crash ?
my commute to work became longer , but it was worth it to live in this gorgeous place with him .
and after we toured the place , admiring its granite countertops , stainless steel appliances , and marble bathrooms , i could n't agree more .
fans had tried to sneak into our place on more than one occasion .
` ` i only have a few months before i have to be back in arizona for spring training , and i still need to find a place to rent . ''
you have no food at your place .
looking around , i surveyed the small apartment and thought to myself that we 'd need a bigger place soon .
` ` i think we should look into getting a new place .
` ` our new place is going to feel like a palace to you . ''
i thought you needed a place to mourn . ''
i had saved up three hundred dollars , which would pay for a place to sleep and that tattoo i thought i needed , but someone stole it while i was asleep at the shelter last night .
i ca n't find a decent place to stay on that .
bone looks at me over his shoulder and says , ` ` you got a place to stay tonight , kit ? ''
` ` trip 's going to stay at my place while he looks for an apartment of his own . ''
` ` while trip 's looking for a place to stay , i was hoping maybe you would let me stay at your apartment . ''
` ` get your own place to live and stay out of her life , shit . ''
they 're her parents and they pay for the place , so i guess they can do what they want .
` ` find a place to live , trip .
just told trip he has to find a place to live .
` ` you got me so f**king turned on i could n't stand up if the place were on f**king fire , princess . ''
` ` pick me up at my place in , say , an hour ? ''
we informed the children of their christmas present , a new place to live .
the entire place was a trip back in time to the seventies , complete with gold laminate floors and countertops , but it looked and smelled clean and had new mattresses and bedding .
i have my own place just up the road and ... '' ` ` i ' m sorry .
i understood that this was the day - to - day of their jobs , but to us , to the family of the sick , it was a place where every minute , every second , felt like torment .
they had n't even been okay with me moving into his aunt 's place , and since they were paying for my pricey education , i had n't pressed the issue too far .
knowing we were n't moving into a huge place , we had only brought the essentials with us , leaving the majority of the stuff that a person accumulates over any given period of time , in my mom 's attic .
we spent the entire afternoon hitting every consignment shop or thrift store in town , looking for the cheapest , yet nicest , stuff we could find to spruce up the place .
even if we did n't end up going to australia , we 'd still go home to my parents ' place , and anna would be there .
` ` i hate having to tell you , no , kiera , you know that , but ... the fact is , this is his place and if he wants to ... entertain nightly , then he has every right to .
you can stay at my place for as long as you like .
` ` i was just going to make sure your stupid ass was okay , but then i heard that you needed a place to stay and thought maybe i could find a job out here and we could be roommates .
` ` how did you know i needed a place to live ?
` ` i saw your new place , '' he said quietly .
< br/ > after swishing the door open dramatically , he led me to my tiny two - bedroom place here .
kellan 's place was n't all that much bigger , but it seemed like a spacious mansion in comparison .
she 'd helped me find a place to live when i 'd had nowhere to go .
` ` well , you would n't have to worry about it at my place . ''
i probably would n't have met denny if i had n't taken that year to lounge around my parents ' place .
kellan 's place will always feel like home to me .
refusing to sleep in my bed again , kellan drove us to his place instead .
kellan and i had the evening off together , so after art i headed over to his place .
jenny dropped me off at his place and she and kate waved goodbye .
you mind not walking around my girlfriend 's place buck nak*d ?
kellan barged right through when we got to the door , feeling just at home here as he did at his own place .
` ` matt 's having a going away party at his place after their performance friday night . ''
it was a look i 'd seen before on women who 'd approached him , or sometimes even shown up at his place .
i was still thinking about all of his conquests on the drive to his place , though .
` ` why do n't you go put that in the car and go with matt to his place ? ''
matt and griffin 's place was much bigger than kellan 's , the living room being a wide - open design that left ample space for dancing in the center of it .
vaguely , i heard the girls start to make plans of their own , mainly to head over to pete 's , to tear down the guys ' equipment and move it over to evan 's place , since jenny had the keys to his loft .
luckily , matt and griffin 's place was backed against a greenbelt , so we only had to worry about the neighbors on either side and across the street .
once kellan had started spending so many nights here at my place , i 'd given him a drawer in my dresser , so he could store some of his stuff .
and then ... then i could think about kellan , about finally seeing him again in a week , when we met up at my parents ' place for christmas .
` ` is there anything you need from your place ?
my parents had acted hastily last year , in their attempt to lure me to their place when they thought i 'd decided to go to australia with denny .
i should have just had him drive to my parents ' place .
he 'd been in town for about a month , since the first part of the year , living out of a four star hotel until he found a place to rent .
he 'd finally found a place to live and it was ... impressive .
his topic of conversation had all been around abby , and how excited he was to show her their new place .
probably because kellan sometimes called his place ` ` ours , '' and that always brought a smile to my face .
i know how excited you were for her to see your new place . ''
after taking a long , hot shower , i got dressed with some spare clothes that i kept at kellan 's place .
not having brought my schoolwork to kellan 's last night , i locked up kellan 's home , started kellan 's car , and made my way back to my place .
i would place my order later ... at his place ... our place , since i 'd moved my stuff in last weekend .
i would place my order later ... at his place ... our place , since i 'd moved my stuff in last weekend .
he drove us back to his place faster than he 'd ever driven us before .
i could n't imagine doing the things we 'd done last night at our place , with my parents in the next room .
i had enjoyed our night away , but i was glad to be back at our place .
laid - back in his sporty car with dark sunglasses covering his eyes , he already seemed comfortable in his new place .
once i walked inside , i wondered why sienna ever left this place .
while kellan and i looked for a new place to live , i published my book as an ebook .
even messy from a party , this place was my sanctuary .
the only sign of life in the whole place was coming from the kitchen .
we went out , did our usual party routine , but we wrapped it up early , and instead of heading home , we headed to his new place .
it was just the sort of place i 'd pictured her living for all these years apart .
i 'd have done the same , but after the nak*d groupie jumping on me in my sleep that i knew had been dean 's idea , i did n't trust him , and i certainly did n't trust any of the strange women that had invaded our place .
she left her phone all over the place , her ringer turned off most of the time because of school .
he snagged a drink the second we walked in the door , though i could tell he 'd been drinking long before i 'd shown up at his place .
` ` we should have taken the edge off before we left your place . ''
i left him text after text , but his responses were short , each one stressing the exact time i should come over to his place .
` ` she was dosed at your place .
` ` i literally just arrived in town , and i need a place to stay , so i was wondering if you could recommend a decent hotel ? ''
their place was huge and all painted wood , white and tomato red , with a wraparound veranda .
i was eighteen , out in a big city doing whatever the f**k i wanted with an older man , but i was too young to go with him to a club , or to have my own real place , real job , real life .
` ` i put myself through shit i never want to think about again , all to make sure you had food to eat and a place to sleep and clothes to wear . ''
of course , in my eighteen - year - old brain , leaving implicitly entailed bringing evan and wesley and even siobhan , as if i could transplant everything i still loved about this place to a new one , where only the bad things would be erased .
` ` so , baby girl , are you ready to see your new place and get a lay of the land or do you want to just see your room and pass out ? ''
he was not joking - the place is a mess .
the whole place looks warm and inviting with sitting areas and cozy nooks to read .
when i let myself in , the place felt strange .
my uncle is a hardcore biker and always has some biker babe staying at his place .
we took off on the trails around his parents ' place and rode for a couple hours .
` ` i ' m going to bring out some motion lights and set them up around your place and do the same at mine .
then , i gathered beast and we went to my dad 's place so that he could go with me to the lawyer .
` ` now , do you want to eat here or do you want to pick up something on the way back to my place ? ''
` ` you have shit at my place . ''
` ` i ' m surprised that this place did n't catch fire when he kissed you , '' my mom says , beaming at me .
i did n't want her out of my sight , so i brought her here rather than digging through her shit to find her keys to stay at her place . ''
her hair is all over the place ; my shirt is too big for her - about the same length as her dress from last night - and she looks adorable .
i do n't even have my own place .
` ` i 'll stay at my place with lolly . ''
i can either throw you over my shoulder and kidnap you , or i 'll follow you to your place and hang with you there , or you can stop pretending like you 're not dying to spend a couple hours with me and get in my car . ''
` ` you want to hang out at my place until you have to go in ? ''
i gave an internal sigh before hopping into the jeep and following him towards his place .
if you think this is bad , you should see some of the places stephan and i have stayed . ''
` ` you went back to your place ? ''
we went back to melvin 's place and talked for hours .
` ` and i 'll drive to your place .
you can , of course , stay at my place while i attend .
i 'll just leave your place when you do on friday night . ''
dessert and a movie at my place tonight ? ''
for the love of god , just stay at my place . ''
i had a feeling that if i joined him in the shower now , he would talk me into staying at his place while he went out .
i 'll stay at your place .
` ` i ' ve had my dresser select a wardrobe for you , to keep at my place , '' he said in a perfectly casual tone .
` ` i ' m having some work done on my place , '' he explained .
james has things for you at his place , right ? ''
the whole place was modern and sleek with the cavendish designer touch all over it .
you do n't need to keep that place to have a sense of security .
we arrived at our place via the underground garage , and james walked me into the apartment and up to our room .
he said that people could crash at your place , and at his hotel .
we stayed at his vegas home that week , agreeing to stay at my little place on the next vegas rotation .
i tried to take a nap back at our place , but it was no good .
we were staying at my place .
` ` maybe we should just stay at your place , at least until he 's caught .
we can nap here , and go to my place tonight , after you have a meeting with danika .
i was pretty sure that i 'd gotten everything that i 'd wanted to pack myself , but i wanted to give the place another once - over , to be sure .
me : ok lucas : i 'll be outside your place in 10 ?
` ` you can take it back down when we get to my place , if you want .
i wondered if he 'd installed it , or if it was here , and when he went looking for a place to live , he knew immediately that this was meant to be his .
he 'd scheduled one for today , so we said our goodbyes at 5 am , and here i am , back at my place just after noon .
moved the two of them to his dad 's place on the coast , went back to the fishing boat he 'd been so determined to never have any part of when he left home at eighteen .
parker does n't break our kiss while he carries me through his place , rounding corners and weaving around furniture .
` ` it 's just , i can see you running around his place , frantically trying to pick up all your clothes before he woke up ! ''
we pretty much passed out the second we walked into her place . ''
make sure to text me when you get to your place . ''
` ` i ' m having a get - together at my place .
my place is closer and i have some things i can do .
his place smells amazing .
chapter eleven i tell jean that parker and i will be at her place around six , but she insists on meeting at the restaurant instead , saying something about her place looking more like a male strip club than your typical innocent sorority house .
chapter eleven i tell jean that parker and i will be at her place around six , but she insists on meeting at the restaurant instead , saying something about her place looking more like a male strip club than your typical innocent sorority house .
we 'll already be stopping at your place for jason and genna , and there will be plenty of room , so let me know if you want to ride along . ''
jean offers to come pick me up sunday evening to bring me to her place for the next couple of nights , even though she has class monday and tuesday .
we 're sitting in the quiet living room at her place , just the two of us , while everyone is at class .
after my treatment , my parents have to go back home , so parker offers me his place to stay .
i know this is n't the time to bring this up , but i ca n't help but think about you and that night at my place when i brought up the topic of kids . ''
one night we watch the wild game together , and the next night he puts on a movie at his place , props his ipad up , and we watch it together .
i know you have n't seen your family , but i thought you could come to my place tomorrow ?
when we make it back to his place , parker helps me get settled and puts my clothes in the wash . ` ` are you hungry ?
my hands have smoothed over my bald head numerous times since leaving parker 's place .
no , but affording my own place in chicago was out of the question .
when i arrived at knox 's place , all was quiet and dark .
` ` can we just go back to your place ? ''
` ` i just do n't want to have to explain to people why i ' m at your place in the morning . ''
i do the same for her , at her house , although i think her father wanted to skin me when holly ran up the stairs after saying she 'd slept at my place last night .
now , get your friend home , and then take me to your place . ''
i ' ve got a bottle of johnny with our name on it back at my folks ' place . ''
i do n't have a place of my own .
we 'll have a nice place . ''
this was the kind of place , she decided , that left chocolates on the pillows , and she was excited to be staying there .
air conditioners dripped condensation from above , leaving trails on the brick and making the entire place look as if it were weeping .
they followed her through the maze of the house , maylee exclaiming under her breath at the size of the place .
she wondered what he thought of her place .
there were the usual growing pains of two people moving into a new place together .
her second goal had been to never , ever have to move back to a place where friday night fun meant boozing it up at the local vfw and a fancy dinner involved cloth napkins and a higher cut of prime rib , with bits of bacon in the green beans they served on the side .
` ` come over to my place for dinner , '' she ventured .
chapter eight in the handful of days since jillian 's birth , the only place that seemed to give josie comfort was jeddy 's .
first of all , she actually had to clean the place .
she opened the windows and aired the place out , and burned a little essential oil in an oil burner to fill the house with eucalyptus and lavender .
if she could afford to shoulder this place on her own , she was either an extreme introvert - which did n't make sense , given her personality - or she was doing well financially .
unlike his own rumpled , slightly disheveled place , where no one really paid attention to anything but eating , sleeping , and showering , she seemed to have put a lot of thought into her environment .
` ` if you came over to my place for dinner , trust me , this would be a luxurious meal . ''
` ` you make going back to your place so appealing . ''
the place was decorated in shabby chic thrift shop furniture , like hers .
he began to guide her down the street to his place .
the time they 'd spent together a few weeks ago , everything from the birth of baby jillian , to asking her to go on a walk , to their first time together at her place , it all had seemed seamless and ecstatic , electric and charged , with a strange combination of the new and the familiar .
` ` and now you have a place to live , you have a guy- '' ` ` two guys . ''
josie surveyed her place , this time looking at it through the eyes of a potential roommate .
having another person share the entire place was going to be interesting .
darla had warned her that they did n't have their own place lined up yet for starting law school in late august , and josie had figured that the occasional overnight would be no big deal .
` ` i was always over at your place .
aunt cathy gave her a stable place to escape to , where the home was cluttered but there were regular meals , a place to do homework quietly , and darla to curl up on the couch with and watch television .
aunt cathy gave her a stable place to escape to , where the home was cluttered but there were regular meals , a place to do homework quietly , and darla to curl up on the couch with and watch television .
his lease had been up and his roommate was long gone on some fancy residency fellowship , again , leaving alex with a tough choice of either finding a new roommate or getting a smaller , cheaper place .
` ` my mom called and said our thanksgiving trip to london is canceled because ethan has to work , so we 're doing thanksgiving at your place . ''
you used to pretend you knew the last owners and would insist that you 'd promised you would take care of their old place .
` ` i thought having you at my place would make it easier for me to concentrate , but i find myself watching the clock . ''
right now , all i want to do is teleport you back to my place so we can take a nap , then wake up and do this all over again . ''
` ` i ca n't go to your place , nick . ''
we do n't come here , and we do n't go to your place .
` ` come back to my place after this , '' nick said , surprising himself with his invitation .
the place was so small with such thin walls i literally learned portuguese by listening to the woman in the next apartment talk to her brazilian boyfriend on the phone every night .
before their second bottle of wine , he 'd had every intention of ending the night at his place , but when her words had begun to slur he 'd decided that could wait .
they know what my plans are for the land i bought and how it will most likely change this place .
they met with gio and said they 'd love to have dinner with julia and him that night - at his place , if it worked for both of them .
` ` am i driving to your place ? ''
time that we had a place of our own to call home , do n't you think ? ''
` ` there 's no food in our place and if she stops cooking for me because you 're being an ass i ' m going to kill you . ''
` ` was n't your place ?
` ` i ' m capable of earning my own way and if we bring babies into this world i 'd expect you to help me raise them right and healthy , but i 'll keep the apartment should you ever decide you need dissolution and i need a place to live .
huge boxes of fan mail showing up at your place ?
amy was over at our place one time when gary came over .
he put so much of himself into this place .
` ` ryan tells me you have a nice place here . ''
` ` wow , this is a really nice place you have !
i did n't have a band scheduled , so i presumed that we would n't have as many customers , but since ryan had been to my place twice , every night seemed to be busy .
we have laws about loitering and i ' m far from happy that my place was vandalized . ''
she decided that her ` ` want to come back to my place and have sex ? ''
after dinner we 'll go back to our place . ''
a wave of elation surged through me when he said ' our place ' to his parents .
i needed a devious plan to get the entire cast to my place for ryan 's birthday .
as soon as we graduated , we got a place together .
we ' ve got my place in l.a . where else would you want to live ?
josie had grudgingly let him keep one set of work clothes at her place these days , while he 'd cleared out half his closet for her .
now josie realized where we were - about a quarter - mile from meribeth and john 's place .
he 's leaving a toothbrush and a spare set of clothes at my place . ''
it 's fine if you do n't want to , but would you like to spend the night at my place ?
later that evening , kane had to work and i decided to just stay upstairs at his place .
this place screamed squatter party house .
i wanted to take her back to my place , strip her out of that dress and kiss every inch of her naked skin .
to share a car back to his place , my place , any place .
to share a car back to his place , my place , any place .
to share a car back to his place , my place , any place .
he 'd taken sutton back to her place , and done everything he promised he 'd do to her .
he 's ruined this place for me .
one week after todd had eloped with the pretzel gymnast , i 'd packed up the whole place , thanks to help from my sister julia and my good friend , erin .
then i moved in with julia for a few weeks as i looked for my own place , one that was n't choked with memories of what i had thought was my big , epic , once - in - a - lifetime romance .
` ` i have a job , my own place in the city and am clean and well - kept , '' the next one writes .
` ` i know you 're not ready for more , but how would you feel about coming back to my place so i can do all those other things i ' ve thought about doing ? ''
he opens the door to his place and it 's spacious .
` ` come back to my place and find out , '' i say , then open the door and let her in first .
i 'll come past and pick you up and take you to my place . ''
they 'd done an hour or so of drinks with the typical mindless get to know you conversation before going back to her place for the hottest sex he 'd had in a long time .
lowering his voice , aidan asked , ` ` so what do you say we get out of here and maybe go back to your place ?
he rarely invited women to his home - it was always their place or a hotel room .
i ' m going to live with grammy and granddaddy for a while until the house sells , and then i might find a place of my own close by them .
i ran my fingers over the chunky stitching on a harness , smiling at the memory of the giant mastiff who 'd lived down the street from the place where i 'd grown up .
she had found a guru of some type and had incense and soy - based candles everywhere at her place .
he did n't have a key to her place , which in retrospect was probably the thing that saved him from pounding the guy 's face in .
i encouraged her to move over with us , since smith certainly had the money to put her up in a place , plus he enjoyed her company , but she had too many friends she could n't leave behind .
as trevor put the keys in the ignition , he turned and gave me this flirty look , this look that said we were n't going to dinner after all , but back to his place .
casually , i said , ` ` we could watch a movie at ... your place . ''
part 2 : his place trevor 's place was way out in the ' burbs and i teased him about being a country boy .
part 2 : his place trevor 's place was way out in the ' burbs and i teased him about being a country boy .
when we pulled up to his place , i understood why he did n't live in the cramped city where my parents did .
inside , i tried to look around at the place for more clues about trevor , but as i gazed up at the chandelier in the foyer , he kissed my neck as his hands roamed around my body .
` ` we can have a drink at my place . ''
` ` why did you rush me out of your place the morning after ? ''
back in my place with no time to spare , i barely had time to splash some water on my face , pull on my i - mean - business gray suit ( the most expensive thing i owned , that i was still paying off ) and my bitch boots , and dashed down to my car .
i was at his place in less than ten minutes .
we 'd attempted to go on a date , once , but he 'd come up to my place to pick me up , i 'd yanked him inside the door , torn his clothes off , and that was about as far as dating went for us .
when i got to his place , he was walking around his bachelor apartment , holding up his cell phone with one hand and running an electric razor over his face with the other .
i tried to peer in the windows , but they were blocked and blacked out , to keep the outside streetlights and car headlamps from lighting the place up , i guessed .
mr . thorne could n't take me back to his place , because he 'd made some ridiculous bet with grace , the woman he worked with .
jacob showed up at my place after he got off work .
jacob never stayed over at my place , nor did i stay over at his .
i ' m sorry i made the face about jacob being over at your place .
it read : dear lexie , i got worried when i did n't hear from you , so i swung by your place and your neighbor mrs . o'hara told me you 're on a business trip .
the only thing wrong with the place was the outdated kitchen , but by the look of the wood and tile samples on the counter , that was about to get renovated .
` ` my place is your place , '' i said , so relieved i 'd bought some alone time in the shower .
` ` my place is your place , '' i said , so relieved i 'd bought some alone time in the shower .
i stared up at jacob 's brown eyes , and i considered taking him up to my place and giving him something to remember , but my mouth said , ` ` goodbye . ''
because my mother 's pretty sharp about figuring things out , and she spotted the white shoes at my condo a month ago , when i was getting the place ready to put on the market .
luthor seemed bothered by my request to return to my place , but he had the driver take us there anyway .
` ` this is the stuff i left at his place . ''
` ` your place is clean . ''
i hit him with a bottle and ran , and my car and keys are at his place .
` ` i left it at your place . ''
` ` i 'll come to your place .
` ` my place until sunrise , '' i said as he kissed my jaw , then my neck .
if his car pulled up to jessica 's place , alarms would be raised .
` ` you did the place nice , '' i said .
i needed to find a place to live , a place to store my stuff .
i mean i had a place .
even back at his place .
the beige marbled tiles with little mirrored squares every few feet , dark wood cabinets , and avocado appliances told me the place had n't been redone since the seventies .
or start the round of calls to friends and family to ensure i had things to do and places to go for the next few days ?
he looked beyond me , his expression vague , his thoughts elsewhere , likely where he could find a place to crash on christmas eve in the middle of a blinding snowstorm , but still he managed to mutter , ` ` fuck . ''
the smell lingered in the air , which meant i 'd probably have to shampoo the rugs and air the place out but there was nothing to indicate it had been trashed three hours before , outside the cigarette burns in the coffee table .
i 'd made deacon and i a sandwich , and after we 'd eaten them , while he moved his stuff from cabin eleven to my place at my request , i went down to cabin six to get the comforters and tell milagros cabin eleven needed cleaned and that i needed her to stop by and check in on things tomorrow while i was away for a few hours .
a place for six years that was a torture chamber but i kept comin ' back because i could n't stay away .
we 'd been over to their place .
i opened the door to grams 's place and shouted , ` ` hey , grams !
` ` i have n't been to my place in town in , gosh , i do n't know .
he drove to his place .
` ` he said the dogs found little baggies of crystal meth at both the bike shop and my place , most of it at my place hidden under the floorboards , but apparently they bagged the drugs at the bike shop .
` ` he said the dogs found little baggies of crystal meth at both the bike shop and my place , most of it at my place hidden under the floorboards , but apparently they bagged the drugs at the bike shop .
he drove her faster than i 'd ever risk , testing her handling on the winding roads that led from my place to willow .
and when he got smart and started to talk his bitches into lettin ' him spend the night at their places so he could avoid me , i found ways to track him down and let myself in , shared he was a massive dick who did n't pay child support and when he was at home and had a steady woman , he knocked her around .
i took a sip and told him , ` ` grams to mah jongg then me to my place in town , if the cops will let me get in .
i parked my z next to raiden 's jeep , got out and jogged on my toes to the side steps of his place .
he 'd taken off early yesterday morning on unexpected business , which stunk , but he phoned an hour ago saying he 'd be home soon and telling me to meet him at his place .
` ` babe , you make this place livable , whatever it is , i 'll pay it . ''
` ` i 'll meet you at your place , but you have to promise me you 'll go there but wo n't go inside .
this is no place to live .
i knew her all my life , liked her all that time , and after going to dinner at her place i liked her better .
` ` you 're tellin ' me that motherfucker walked right up to my woman in my sister 's f**kin ' place , sat down across from you and gave you a message for me ? ''
i moved out of the kitchen at grams 's place , into the hall and stopped .
i went on , ` ` now , you meet this guy at his place , a hotel , what ? ''
we ran credit history , work history , financials , criminal records and we checked homes and places of work , all on the down low so as not to scare away clients .
tomorrow afternoon , another search of his place .
seeing my name inked in that vulnerable dent in his spine , a vulnerability surrounded by the power of his defined muscles , the beauty of the image of our place , my body moved before i told it to do so .
after they got married , she came over to my place , drunk off her ass , and gave it to me .
then you can have dinner and hang at my place with me .
creed and i were back in denver , at my place , in the back room and i 'd just told creed about chelle 's visit .
he further told his mother he was doing this and told her she was going to have to pull herself together , find a job and a place to live because he was moving into his own pad .
being here , our place , it was perfect .
` ` now dick 's goin ' to his place , closing the doors , sittin ' his ass down and thinkin ' of baby bunnies . ''
he 's also doin ' a walkthrough of your place .
unfortunately , the only parking spot i could find was around the corner and half a block up from his place .
` ` watched you pull into your place that friday , '' he answered .
in fact , that day had been the longest , weirdest , strangely most comprehensive date in history even though i 'd showed at his place to tell him i never wanted to see him again .
then he 'd driven me back to his place , parked beside my corolla that was in his second parking spot and informed me the remote to operate the gate to his garage was on my visor .
he came to my place last night , woke me at nearly four in the morning , did me hard and controlling then i passed out for about an hour and a half before i woke up to get ready for work .
i want a nice place , nice car , nice clothes , nice shoes , nice furniture and a decent guy who takes out the trash at least by the second time i ask , gives it to me regular in a way that i like and whips my ass , literally , when i ' ve been bad . ''
his arm locked around my hips , his other hand fisted in my hair holding my face an inch from his ` ` it 's f**kin ' three thirty in the morning and i drove here from my place where i found my bed empty .
` ` i ' m gon na let you off me , anya , then you 're gon na crawl into bed on your own , cheek to the mattress , ass in the air and feel lucky we are not at my place .
one or both of you and vivica got access to her place ? ''
fuck knows , she might still puke though the dude she was with said she 's been doin ' a lotta that but he did n't need to tell me since i smelled it at his place .
like they were guided by unseen forces , my head came up and my eyes moved out the huge , plate glass windows at the front of my place to the street and i sucked in breath .
he was on the street outside my place .
manny takes pride in his place , '' his arm moved , indicating the space around us that was clean and to my practiced eye i knew it had been renovated sometime in the last five years and although the cable was basic and i would n't want to live the rest of my life there , it was pretty nice for what it was and a whole lot nicer than many places i 'd laid my head , ` ` but i bet the bed at my house is more comfortable and i can guarantee a thousand other people have n't slept in it .
` ` what 's your place ?
` ` be back tomorrow , take you to breakfast at the diner , take you to my place , give you a ride .
your brother 's got a place to be , i talk to manny after i drop you off , you give up that room because i ' spect you need the money .
` ` and nancy was so damned flighty , she knew what she was doin ' but still , she 'd forget and every time i went to her house for dinner , the place smelled like it had just been badly renovated after a massive explosion because she either flat out burned the shit outta something or something boiled over , the gas went out - of - control , burned the wallpaper off the wall and i 'd begin my date wielding a fire extinguisher , '' gray shot back .
the third day , gray came in half an hour to the end of the shift , he took me to his place after it and we watched tv with grandma miriam who had not thawed even a little bit toward me .
this went on until yesterday , my first day off , gray met me at the diner for breakfast then he took me to his place to start teaching me how to ride a horse .
i had my own place .
he even waited on his side of the truck when we got to his place for me to round it then he took my hand or slid his arm around my shoulders so we could walk the short distance to his house .
and audie stayed and gray and i came back to my place where he stayed .
* * * * * buddy sharp eight hours , twenty - three minutes later ... ` ` you got ta go to her place , she left a note , '' casey whatever - the - fuck his name was whispered in his ear .
he still picked me up and drove me to the club every night but lash took me home seeing as we lived at the same place .
and i ' m glad you found your place where you can be happy .
so , tentatively , i started to ask , ` ` so , uh ... what you 're saying is i have a place here - '' gray , still pissed , cut me off , ` ` yeah .
i knew where my new place would be in mustang - at gray 's side , doing my bit to work the ranch .
once we got those , we moved in on pete 's place as well as bud and cecily 's .
and i was just thinking that maybe i 'd find a place on crete and never go home .
we can go to viewings ; you can stay with rudy and me or your mom and dad if you do n't find a place before you close on your house . ''
right now , things are up in the air so when we go home , you might be comin ' with me to my place in north carolina or i might be goin ' with you to indiana .
so , what we got ta do is , we got ta get you home , connect you with your people for a few days , get your f**kin ' dog and get your ass to my place in north carolina which is big , it 's got a security system , i have guns and i feel more positive about the fact i can keep you safe there .
i laid there , eyes closed , feeling the bizarre but far from unwelcome sensation of being in my house , a place that was unsafe for me for years , and feeling safe and doing it at a time when i was arguably more unsafe then i 'd ever been .
a week , at most two , then my place , beach , skippy 's and a king - size bed . ''
sam had a place there when he was active duty but also had his place at the beach .
sam had a place there when he was active duty but also had his place at the beach .
since sam was discharged , he 'd sold his place close to the base and now just had the house in kingston .
i knew he had a place in indy when he was playing for the colts but sold it when he quit .
i knew he had a place in la while he was playing for the colts where he lived outside football season and he sold that too .
then i heard him murmur , ` ` glad you like my place , honey . ''
i drove it back to his place and even though i was n't used to that big of a car , i still thought it was the shit .
by the time we got home , had after dinner drinks and conversation , luci and celeste went back to her place , maris upstairs and hap prepared to crash on the couch , i was exhausted from spending so much effort hiding the fact that i was freaking out .
what i did know was that hap was down for the weekend , he stayed with luci at her new place which was only ten houses away from sam and my place .
what i did know was that hap was down for the weekend , he stayed with luci at her new place which was only ten houses away from sam and my place .
he needed a place to crash that naomi could n't find so he showed at my door with pizza and turned on the biker charm to get what he needed to keep clear of his crazy , bitchy , stalker ex - wife .
he had n't said word one to me after barging into my place and pretending to be a decent guy .
i did n't mind this but it took a while because while she was packing at her place she frequently stopped to take calls from or make calls to elliott where she yelled at him loudly or sobbed hysterically .
` ` last time you were at our place , you bragged about your cooking .
tonight , i ' m at your place .
` ` tyra 'll be at my place tomorrow night . ''
you wan na talk , store that shit up and we 'll do it at my place tomorrow night . ''
` ` i took a taxi here and tack told me this would go long so he decided he 's at his place tonight .
my place when , of course , i get there and , uh , you do too .
i 'll meet you at my place . ''
tabby says she 's cookin ' tonight which means you 're on the back of my bike tonight and spendin ' the night at my place . ''
i shouted , standing outside tack 's front door , tack behind me , his arm tight around my chest and i was waving away dog and sheila , the last of chaos to leave our impromptu friday night party at tack 's place .
just checkin ' in to tell you you 're at your place tonight .
` ` i 'll call her and tell her to come down the mountain and meet me at my place at ten . ''
` ` i ' m outside his place .
then , it was n't my place , we had been building it ( until last night ) but it was n't where we were , still , i leaned down and kissed her soft hair at the side of her head .
though derek , more often than not , went to his place to watch games .
` ` what would be the end of the world is if you stuck yourself in that apartment with your candles and music , having latanya over for glee , going over to b and b 's for tarot card nights , coming to my place for action movie marathons and that was it in your life .
if he did n't open the door in ten seconds i was going back to my place .
i 'll pick them up , take them to her place , get them after i ' m done at work and i 'll hang here with them until you get home .
` ` yes , but - '' ` ` i 'll be at your place at eleven , '' he declared and i blinked .
and since the trailer trash twins have no clue i live across the breezeway , the kids and me hang at my place and you come get them from there when you get home tonight .
` ` they can bring their pajamas and crash at my place .
this was odd behavior but i did n't allow it to register because i was too busy looking around his place .
derek and latanya were over at her sister 's place all day .
i stared up at him knowing with grave certainty that it was level fifteen bad if he did n't want me to see my place until i had time to react to what i saw .
can you come over here for a few minutes while i take mara over to her place to get some of her shit ? ''
my raspberry sheets and blush comforter cover with its embroidered raspberry flowers with delicate , grass green stems and leaves was shredded , feathers from my duvet and pillows all over the place .
but my guess is it was n't the trailer trash twins who did that to your place . ''
` ` she should be , seein ' as we ca n't go to your place because dad 's a dick , '' billy returned stating , as usual with billy , that he knew exactly what was going on .
i got ta talk to the people at the school then get to work , you got ta get to work and we got a bad guy who ripped your place to shit .
` ` um ... my place ? ''
then you disappear off radar and the next thing i know you 're drinkin ' wine at his place , he 's actin ' like you 're the finest piece of crystal in the whole wide world and he 'd go direct into smackdown should anyone threaten to break you and i ' m bringin ' over your shit to stay awhile .
` ` okay , '' i said quietly , still liking the idea of having chili with mitch at his place that night even if it meant talking about my aunt and mother .
` ` she furnished this place for me wholesale . ''
you got one at your place ? ''
then he asked me about my day and i told him i was doing laundry , going to the grocery store and picking up billy and asked if i could go to my place to do the laundry .
* * * * * when i got back to mitch 's place after work , i saw a note on the kitchen counter .
` ` i got ta drop mara off at my place and i 'll be there .
we stored the purchases at my place but stayed at mitch 's until penny 's order fully arrived a week and a half ago .
* * * * * when we moved back to my place , so did mitch ( kind of ) .
i want you to double up on what you and the kids need and move some of your shit to my place .
they lived in the same place with bill all their lives and that was n't a healthy place to be either .
` ` sweetheart , when your place was tossed , it was tossed .
` ` you remember they tossed mara 's place ? ''
then i hoped elvira , gwen , camille or tracy would drop martha at my place to pick up her car .
` ` because i swung by your place on my way to work to check and see how crazy , stupid you 're being with a smokin ' hot guy and i found out you 're being off - the - charts crazy , stupid with a smokin ' hot guy . ''
` ` great , you 're in your house or at little league or wherever - the - fuck , try not to do it , your hooligans are systematically tearing up my place , anything goes . ''
but at least the place appeared clean if not tidy and when i say ` ` not tidy '' i say this in the sense that it also reflected that brock was a single man with a harley fat boy and a beat up pickup truck that martha was right about , it needed to be traded up and that trade up should have happened around a decade ago .
so , i ' m lookin ' for a new place . ''
but i was at his place when they got there in late afternoon and did n't leave until they were in their twin beds in brock 's second bedroom .
instead he ordered , ` ` go , i 'll bring the boys to your place at seven . ''
dinner ( and cake ) consumed , visit with gramps ( and dad ) over , brock was off taking the boys back to olivia and her husband dade 's house and i was hanging out with his dad at his place .
they both got cars ; they can drive them to my place .
his lips tipped up more and he began , ` ` now , a woman like olivia walks into my place and sees a woman in my kitchen who is n't better lookin ' than her , she does not throw a shit fit .
he also had a toothbrush at my place .
he came to my place and found the stuff then did n't say a word but did n't bother packing it again , he only brought over clothes and when he did , he brought enough to last awhile .
i went to his place and saw a new toothbrush in its wrapping on the vanity .
` ` and not only that , you lived in your goddamned place since olivia took your ass to the cleaners but all of a sudden , '' another pause where i visualized him throwing out an arm , ` ` here you are in a sweet condo that sweet tessa of tessa 's cakes would find more agreeable .
` ` i been to your place , like , a lot .
and my tess could get busy at the bakery but she 'd pry herself away to meet for a quick lunch or pop by for a glass of wine or be home occasionally so i could pop by her place . ''
the kids had been to my place and clearly joel was as observant as his father .
` ` now he 's blaming me that you 're never stopping around at his place . ''
things occasionally got cleaned when his mother popped by , this , i 'd realized , was something she did that was essentially taking care of a forty - five year old man that he did n't mind but then again , he did n't care if his place was clean and he also did n't care if his mother spent her time with him cleaning .
but i 'd met him at his place yesterday evening where we pretty much zonked out because he had about four hours of sleep and i had about two .
tonight , it was my place and i was leaving early to go home and make dinner .
this was a good question considering the fact that for his place or mine i shopped either at wild oats or king soopers , both on colorado boulevard .
` ` so i went by his place , got it cleaned up but it still does n't smell that good .
i held him for awhile then whispered , ` ` snow keeps up , will you take me to your place and bring me back to my car tomorrow morning ?
she was planning a girls ' night in at her place for the weekend after this one , being cool about planning it when brock had his boys so i could finagle some time for the boys alone with their dad without brock ( hopefully ) cottoning on .
and two , i needed a place to sleep because i sure as heck was n't sleeping here and i knew i was too freaked out to drive myself but what was further , dad would lecture me if he knew i drove freaked out .
his house had been firebombed , he 'd battled the blaze then he 'd watched firefighters battle the blaze then he 'd talked to the police then one of hawk 's boys came in an suv , hawk loaded meredith , dad , mrs . mayhew and me in it and hawk 's boy ( this one who looked half - wrestler , half - giant , was named ` ` mo '' ) whisked mrs . mayhew to her friend erma 's place and dad , meredith and me to my house .
` ` i got a place , '' he reminded me .
a desk in the far corner at a diagonal , facing the room , this showing personality , papers and files and a laptop on it , he used that desk and it showed , not like the rest of his place .
so i get the note because i get that you heard her message and then you listened to some bullshit that your friend fed you and you did n't pick up the phone or get your ass to my place so you could talk to me .
` ` gayle 's never been here , she 's never gon na be here and her place got shot up in a drive - by , she asked my advice , i 'd tell her to talk to the police .
` ` you were pope rountree 's old lady , until he threw your ass out , and you were at his place three times when i took meetings with him there , '' hawk replied .
then , later , she was in some trouble , less than she has now , but she needed to crash at our place so i let her .
he did n't vanish , his place was too big to pull that off , but i was immobile with shock , fear and something else , something a whole lot different , something warm and beautiful and that was even scarier , so i did n't turn around to watch him leave .
he had decreed that i was staying at his place .
he 'd also offer me a place to stay and troy was a great guy but he did n't have a bevy of badass bikers at his command and a mountain hideaway .
` ` you do n't feel safe down here , you 're welcome to stay at my place , long as you like .
a week ago , me and my boys show at his place first thing in the mornin ' and you 're in his bathroom .
` ` my boys 'll be here in five to take you to my place and i ' m takin ' care of her .
sometimes he 'd call and tell me he wanted me at his place and i 'd go .
` ` you got a problem with me movin ' into your place ? ''
she also bought a place called the canard mansion .
i 'll be at your place tonight at five , '' he said .
how i 'd pop by their place on the off chance i 'd see him .
` ` fuck , do n't know whether to pack you up , take you to my place and save you from this nightmare or move in here and start work tomorrow ... '' he turned , locked eyes with me and finished , ` ` and save you from this nightmare . ''
i asked max to go to her place to check she 's okay , she was n't home .
` ` tomorrow night , after we go out on a proper date , we still end up pickin ' up my dog and goin ' to your place or not pickin ' him up and stayin ' at mine . ''
which fyi , me , all my siblings and brother and sisters - in - law all have at dad 's place in breck .
plans that night were that emme had her talk with barry then barry was giving them space , staying at her place while they spent the night at his .
we 'll eat that tomorrow at your place .
deck remembered they 'd met her once , one of the many times emme popped by deck and elsbeth 's place .
buying stolen property is n't legal , but as it stands , you got no call to get a warrant to search this mysterious guy 's place .
and you 're comin ' to my place later and later , or textin ' me to ask me to show at yours later and later 'cause you supposedly have shit to do . ''
i also used to call for whatever reason - your place or mine , what 's for dinner , this annoying thing just happened and i have to get it off my chest - and he always picked up right away .
and i hated when we 'd go to your place and you two would eat and argue and laugh and it felt like i was n't even there . ''
when i did , i found that , just like when jacob was looking for me and i 'd been at his place fuming , when i was looking for him , he was at mine , hopefully not fuming .
as both bubba 's and the dog were a haul from his place in chantelle , that meant she wanted to be home - and in bed with him - soon .
followed her to your place , she did n't lock the door , got in behind her , wanted to know why she was all fired up to jump straight to you after she got shot of me . ''
* * * an hour later ... jacob powering inside me , my back to the wall of the pool , my face in his neck , our soggy clothes strewn around the pool deck , my legs wrapped around his hips , he stated , ` ` this summer , we 're puttin ' a pool in at your place , south side . ''
and more , i was super happy we were putting in a pool at my place .
therefore , i 'd spent the night at jacob and my house , jacob spent his at chace and faye 's since he sold his place when he 'd moved into mine six months ago .
once there , he did n't bother going upstairs to his place .
he never bothered to go upstairs to his place .
thinking that , thinking that it was cool tabby was finally focused on the right things , and trying not to think about how much or why he 'd like her at his place , he offered , ` ` you need space , babe , i got an apartment .
looking at shy leaning into the counter , he did n't look like he thought my place was a pit .
and when he came to my place just over two hours ago being intense and bossy , not only was that hot , it was awesome .
i got ta tell you how i spent the two hours since i was at your place .
i 'd never been to his place , and i knew he spent a lot of time at the compound , but i also knew that he 'd had his own place for a long time .
i 'd never been to his place , and i knew he spent a lot of time at the compound , but i also knew that he 'd had his own place for a long time .
your place is okay but only okay , '' he declared .
shy heard it , took the phone from me again , i glared at him then glared at his smiling brother who was privy to all this , seeing as we were back at shy 's place , and then i listened to shy try and reason with them .
i ' m makin ' steaks tonight at your place .
lan took off to crash at shy 's place .
if we decided month - to - month was the way to go and they did n't give it to me , i could have stayed with dad and tyra or natalie until my life got back on track and i found a place i liked or , if we were there when that time came , we found a place we wanted . ''
then i got in it , wasted no time , and drove away from a place that had always been home to me .
therefore , i cried all the way to my apartment , but i sat parked outside , sucked it up , yanked napkins out of my glove compartment , and cleaned up my face before i went upstairs to my place .
shy jerked up his chin , turned , and led the way up the stairs and into tabby 's place .
` ` seeing as you 're here , your clothes are here , you sleep in my bed every night , come home to my place every evening , we 're essentially living together .
i ' ve pretty much crashed at the compound for the last nine years , so i did n't even take care of my own place .
you nag or bust my balls , i can dump my clothes wherever the f**k i want at my place or the compound , and i wo n't have a woman gettin ' up in my face about it . ''
` ` luckily , shy 's at my place all the time or i foresee i 'd need to change his sheets , '' i mumbled through a grin as lan hooked his arm around my shoulders and started us toward my man .
now we 're eatin ' while you finish up and shut down then we 're goin ' to my place to watch some tv and spend the night . ''
` ` i ' m not going to your place to watch tv and definitely i ' m not spending the night , '' i declared .
riding the high that was being with hop and his kids , not to mention hop coming to my rescue in a dodge ram the night before , i asked if they wanted to stick around when they dropped me off at my place and i 'd make them dinner .
` ` been in your bed when you get up at f**kin ' five thirty in the f**kin ' mornin ' to do your gig in the bathroom before you go to work and i ' ve hauled your shit up to my bedroom so you can do it at my place .
after dinner at your place a while back , thought on it and decided i ca n't give it more . ''
` ` think about all that , baby , '' he said gently and finished , ` ` i 'll be at your place in a couple of hours . ''
and i ' ve got to have a key cut so my man can come to my place whenever he wants .
no picture could do this place justice .
my place was huge , way too much space for me but i liked my rambling , four bedroom semi - detached mainly because it had been charlie 's .
but niles could n't walk to work from my place .
` ` got a lot of nerve , showin ' at your place . ''
` ` mindy should stay at your place .
` ` no , i rented his place .
did find out that the landlord has storage units at the complex , i got his shit out , put it in a unit and the landlord changed the locks on mindy 's place . ''
` ` that 's why we moved her out of her place and into becca 's .
` ` brody 's stayin ' at our place , the locks ' ve been changed , i ca n't get to my shit .
shauna had come around to her place that morning rather than kami picking her up .
i want a job where i can do a good job while i ' m doing it and then i can go home to a place that 's a home and just be home .
` ` be at your place at five - ish . ''
` ` they 're movin ' you to a room closer to their place .
` ` what chance i got that you 'll finish work tonight and drive to my place ? ''
we 'll have dinner at my place . ''
i felt another shiver , this one internal , at the thought of having dinner at his place .
we were heading into the hills , we were surrounded by pine and aspen and we were going to tate 's place .
standing at the foot surveying it , i had to admit , with the bedroom floor cleared and vacuumed , the dresser and nightstands cleaned off , the entire place dusted , it did n't look bad .
` ` tate - '' ` ` leave you in my house once , babe , come home and the whole f**kin ' place is cleaned , the fridge is packed full , a sweet , girlie pitcher in the fridge filled with kool - aid and i got soft , fancy sheets on my bed . ''
i watched the hotel slide by , the pool lit , the parking lot lit , the hotel below average but the whole place kept neat and tidy , a riot of flowers blooming everywhere , the pool clean and bright , the waters tranquil , beckoning .
` ` lauren - '' ` ` you made this place safe for me .
he had plenty of help with jonas ; i would even help out when i got a place .
but i needed to get settled and not in a hotel and not crashing at his place to take care of his cat and his son while living out of a suitcase .
but not too much not to remember gabbing with dalton ages ago , it had to be over a year , and dalton telling him about his place .
` ` my ma 's old place , '' he 'd muttered .
` ` rented my place .
` ` what 's your place like ? ''
she had a key to my place and she was what i told ty .
` ` she 's already been to my place , started sorting and has called three moving companies to get quotes . ''
and now there i was in a colorado condo development outside a small , quiet , settled town surrounded by beauty and my place of residence was going to be a kickass crib , three stories of house with spectacular views .
she said she was gently nudging honey to move into my place and take over the lease and honey was surprisingly considering this .
` ` fuck , ty , it takes twenty minutes just to drive to your place . ''
` ` we find a place to sleep , we sleep , we go home , '' walker answered the windshield .
being the last house in the development , up an incline that grew significantly steeper after the last house before ours , our place felt separate , private , there was no need to close the blinds so i never had .
this was essentially making everything look really , freaking good , purchasing nothing but top quality but underlying it all was comfort for her boys and she decorated in memories , the place was full of pictures .
` ` i need another dick in this house and soon before the whole f**kin ' place is painted pink and i slip on a glitter pen and break my neck . ''
` ` i 'll get the food and the sleeping bag and i 'll bring it , pizza and beer to your place tonight .
` ` pizza and beer at my place ? ''
that means i 'll be at your place at seven with pizza , beer , a sleeping bag and food for our kid . ''
` ` well , what do i wear for pizza at my place ? ''
` ` i 'll be at your place tonight , seven thirty . ''
their dinner at the italian place in town the night before had been cut short when he got a callout after someone got home and found their place had been burgled .
tonight after faye finished work she was coming to his place for the first time and chace was making her dinner .
regardless , faye had told chace that she 'd told her folks they were seeing each other when she was at dinner at their place last weekend .
he wanted her at his place to eat and then do other things , not making stops before she got there .
` ` dinner at his place , the first time i ' ve been there , '' i told her .
over dinner at my place that week , he 'd told me he was a swimmer and ran track in high school and kept it up since then .
he helped with dishes if he was at my place but he was strictly a dry and put away man .
` ` we doin ' your place or my place tonight ? ''
though , i was assuming his question of my place or his meant not only where we 'd be meeting and eating but also sleeping .
i 'll be at your place around six thirty . ''
we walked to bubba 's from my place after dinner once to have drinks .
she was walking the two blocks to her place to change then go to the store to get malachi treats and last , to the hospital .
but her place was closer to la - la land which meant he had more time with her in her bed and her shower before they headed for coffee .
it was a multi - faceted dither starting with the fact that chace would be at my place in fifteen minutes to drive me to aspen to have dinner with his mother .
he 'd dumped his old one and now at his place she grabbed one of his shirts or tees and since he had the same in her closet and drawers , she 'd taken to doing that at her place too .
he 'd dumped his old one and now at his place she grabbed one of his shirts or tees and since he had the same in her closet and drawers , she 'd taken to doing that at her place too .
` ` baby , you happy and drunk , your place a couple of blocks from bubba 's and your bed ten feet from the front door , the answer to that is yeah ...
` ` thought i 'd swing your way , drag my shit in your place , unload the bike , and we could take off for a few days . ''
ham also knew all about my dream of having my own place , being my own boss , answering to no one , and surrounding myself with cool stuff made by cool people .
` ` since i got a place that 's not furnished and i have n't got ' round to buying anything . ''
the ham i thought i knew or dickhead ham who came to my house months ago and broke into my place just now . ''
now , i got a life plan and you got ta find a place where you 're safe while you make one .
you hook up , you do it at his place .
he corralled jake into coming around and they did all the heavy lifting with getting my stuff to his place .
and his place is really nice .
the place i was stayin ' at was n't safe .
it was then i moved to the dog and went from existing on practically no dough and living with a girlfriend in an apartment that was a half step up from my studio to having loads of cash in my pocket every night and getting my own place that i kept until i moved into my house , even through the time when i 'd all but moved in with ham .
it 's your place , too .
i dashed up to our place , took the fastest shower in history , tugged on new clothes , grabbed some stuff to get ready for work with , and drove back to carnal hotel where i 'd paid for two nights and where i intended to hide out , and since the owners seemed like really nice people and they had a heated pool , i decided to do this maybe forever .
` ` you said that the ground rules were , if i hooked up , i did it at his place and you 'd return the favor . ''
or more to the point , i was more than pleased he 'd phoned me way early that morning , waking me after a few hours of sleep since i 'd had a shift the night before , and telling me to haul my behind to his place to get him because we were going out .
and zander can come to your place .
we went to their place for dinner , they came to ours , and zander came often , aunt wilona dropping him or ham and i picking him up so he could hang , watch movies , go out to movies with us , or whatever .
having a place like this underground with its unfinished walls and low ceilings gave me a respite - gave me a den .
this place resonated rainbows thanks to clara 's bright artwork blue - tacked to the walls and an odd assortment of knick - knacks .
fox 's place was morbid in the use of nothing but midnight .
ben 's between homes at the moment and needed a place to crash for the week . ''
take a good look , because it 's the last place you 'll ever live , '' jethro murmured .
tomorrow he 'd be looking to find a place big enough , like tiny had .
i ' m going to get my club a place to live , and you 're going to be by my side waiting for me . ''
i ' m here to make money and have a place to stay , '' devil said .
` ` you 'll be staying here with me at least until i find a place of my own . ''
you can look for a place to live , but you 're staying in the spare bedroom and i will lock you in it .
i wanted a place to call our own .
jerry paid her a really good wage to clean for him , and mia made every effort to have his place spotless .
he 'd never been the one to do dishes , and he 'd arrange for one of the women to clean the place .
` ` she stays at my place .
he did n't ride for long before he parked the bike back up outside of jerry 's place .
ashley stopped letting me sleep over at her home , and she always came to my place . ''
` ` i ' m not telling you to leave her , but we need a place to call our own . ''
` ` when we get our own place you can cook every day . ''
they ' ve stayed in the same place for a lifetime and only go on the road when the need requires .
i wo n't tell another living soul about your place , '' laura assured him .
` ` i ' ve got to get my own place , '' she muttered under her breath .
` ` why have n't you got your own place ? ''
the moment he 'd turned eighteen he 'd been out of his parents place .
she took her empty plate downstairs and thought about getting her own place .
when he left her , she went to her room to change and told her parents she 'd seen dean and he 'd said she could go back to his place .
she needed to get her own place .
he had n't arranged for her to come to his place and had asked her to wait until he called her .
just long enough until i get my own place . ''
in a spell of inspiration , he 'd decorated the room in order for her children to have a place to stay .
` ` mia and billy like my place , and i ' ve got a lot of plans in place .
he 's a friend , but he 'll be staying with here soon until he finds a place of his own . ''
` ` this place does n't have all that negative shit that comes with my mother .
i want to go to your place , '' she said .
a home , a life , and a place to call her own .
` ` can we take this back to my place ?
when he saw they were only five minutes from her place , he took the jewellery from his pocket .
i need a place to crash until then . ''
he 's moving here and needs a place to crash .
i suggest you find yourself another place to stay and soon .
after i kissed you , i was going to invite you back to my place tonight . ''
i have a couple of cleaners come in twice a week , but other than that , this place is all mine . ''
` ` i like his place .
i do n't want you here at my place . ''
he was now living in heather 's place seeing as she 'd moved in with julian .
i ' ve got a place near the ocean .
his place was modern with all the touches a man could want .
a quick goodnight to his friends and they were being driven to his penthouse suite not far from his work place .
at least to guarantee there 'll still be a place for when my kids grow old . ''
` ` you got me back to my place .
chapter thirteen richard went home to the place he had grown up .
lily stared around at the formal apartment , wondering why anyone would live in a place with so much white , black , and chrome .
he showed her the kitchen - again every surface was squeaky - clean , looking more like a featured home than a place someone lived in .
i feel like i ' m corrupting her or something , but she was n't happy at her parent 's place .
every room she looked in , she fell more and more in love with the place .
she said good - bye to his old apartment , and the place she knew in her heart she 'd never call home , and began unpacking in their new place .
he probably should look to getting some new furniture and the entire place cleaned completely up .
she 'd redecorated the place over a year ago to more of her liking .
why did you go to her place today ? ''
torturing donovan revealed he 's keeping several girls and pimps at jerry 's old place . ''
jerry 's place smelled of pot , sex , and death .
after that week he found a place of his own , but he kept coming around to see her .
without her asking butch pulled up outside of her mother 's place .
only groupies go to their place .
he really needed to find them a bigger place to live .
soon he 'd have a place with a large yard out in the back with a lot more space .
his friend always had the plans that were risky , but because of alex , they 'd owned fort wills for the last twenty years , making it a great place to live .
none of them lived near fort wills at the time , and it was only a year ago when trevor had got this house for her to live in , finally moving them out of their parents ' old place .
` ` is there a man at your place i need to get in touch with ?
he did n't own a place to crash and either stayed at the clubhouse or at kelsey 's .
he walked into the building and went to her place .
` ` let 's clean this place up so aunty kelsey knows we all love and miss her , '' sophia said , talking babyish to her daughter .
i ' ve told him to start looking for a place to stay .
` ` when all this is over we 'll find a place together . ''
he 'd moved her into a place that she could n't afford , but she loved .
all of them were vicious criminals wanting a place to make their own .
crap , he 'd have to get a place for them .
` ` yeah , we 're going to need a place bigger than your apartment , and i ' ve only ever really lived in the clubhouse .
` ` we ' ve got to get our own place , and it has got to be big enough for our kids . ''
the boys and i have stopped travelling , and we ' ve settled down in a place of our own . ''
` ` this place is amazing , '' kelsey said , flopping down onto the large bed .
it was n't his place , and he needed to get away from the shit that was going on in his own life .
he 'd not been back to this place since the shooting in tiny 's place .
he 'd not been back to this place since the shooting in tiny 's place .
he did n't have a spare place like his brother .
the drive back to his place was far more liberating than the drive to the club .
he wanted nothing more than to lift her in his arms and take her back to his place .
` ` could we stop off at my place ? ''
i 'll drop her off at your place , and then we 'll talk some more . ''
prue could recall the anger on james 's face at having his place invaded .
` ` what do you say you go back to my place ? ''
with him inside the sitting room made her place feel ridiculously small .
he 'd never expected her to like his place .
james held her close during the drive through the city to her place .
` ` your place is very busy . ''
he 'd been trying to convince her to stay at his place permanently .
he pulled up outside sean 's house and knew the place would be trashed .
` ` for bringing me to the place you shared with two people you loved .
ursula 's family had invited them ' round to theirs , but he thought his place would be big enough for all of them .
ursula did n't argue as he drove back to his place .
dad 's place is nothing like this . ''
can i drive you back to your place ? ''
he wondered why brad was living in a smaller place when he could afford something more expensive and spacious .
staring at the place she 'd considered her home for a few days a month , mary was overcome by a shocking wave of cold .
through the line of trees he could make out the large house that was scorch 's living place .
` ` i hate having it around my place .
we 're going to head to my place , '' he said .
` ` how do you keep this place cleaned ? ''
we were going to leave to find a place to settle down .
by keeping his place a secret , he kept sunshine to himself .
until he found a place for them both to stay they were camping out at the club .
when they got home he 'd start looking for a place for them to share .
` ` your place is beautiful . ''
pushing all of her thoughts about him to the back of her mind , she enjoyed the ride to his place in silence .
there were so many beautiful memories in the place she 'd lived .
` ` i thought you 'd like to get it out of the way before settling into your new place . ''
it was just a place she stayed until she moved on to bigger and better things .
once an abandoned business center , it had been transformed into an afterschool program where kids in need could come for tutoring , a hot meal , clothing , medical care ... or just a safe place to be .
she 'd grown up in the suburbs , she lived in the city , and she had never once thought about moving out to a place like this , surrounded by tall mountains and rows of green vines .
the only place she 'd ever felt loved .
` ` i ' ve got to get to work , but if you ' ve got some time off and need a place to stay , you can hang with me for a few days . ''
` ` some guy took lily to his place for sex , and she did n't have much to say about him ? ''
` ` she did n't mention going to his place , '' luke observed , with a raised eyebrow .
` ` got a place to sleep tonight ? ''
clearly , the only reason why he 'd come over to her place was because something was very , very wrong .
not until you tell me why you showed up at my place last night . ''
and do n't tell me that if i leave right now you wo n't be coming by my place later to fuck my brains out again . ''
i also took the liberty of grabbing your keys from your backpack so that my assistant can go to your place and get you some clothes in case your roommate is n't home . ''
her apartment only had a tiny shower and a good , long soak was something that would have to wait until she graduated from school and could get her own place .
` ` mom 's place will be fine .
kara smiled down at the text message from simon as james drove sedately toward helen 's place .
she received visits from maddie , helen , sam , her attending physician and detective harris , each person stressing the importance of her being in a safe environment and naming simon 's condo as the most secure place for her to stay .
shit , i thought you 'd be happy now that she 's living at your place again . ''
there were packing boxes everywhere , everything in place for the movers to come tomorrow and start packing and moving maddie 's stuff to his place .
mia exited her compact rental car , using the moonlight to find her way up the steps of the ranch style house , the place that she had called home for the last two and a half years .
she must have got to his place and left for the park almost immediately . ''
if she could just keep getting regular jobs , put some money away , she could get a little place somewhere to call her own .
i have to find a place to stay and we should work out exactly how long this will take , how many walls you 'd like done , '' she answered in what she hoped was a professional voice , trying to control her rioting emotions .
chapter 5 ` ` i can find a place to stay , kade .
the thought of asha wandering around tampa , looking for a place to stay , while still not fully recovered from her pneumonia , made him want to throw her over his shoulder and deposit her in his bed with him there to watch over her .
she always has a giddy , love - struck expression on her face every time i see her coming or going from your place . ''
i think you at least owe me a place to stay . ''
` ` and i 'll need to find a place to live .
` ` i appreciate you giving me a place to stay for a while , but i 'll find something as quickly as i can , '' she assured him gratefully .
no finding another place . ''
maybe i 'd even find a place to spend the night after all .
` ` crash at my place , '' he said .
i 'd hired only the best to deck this place out , and i was very happy with the results .
it was always fun to watch the realization dawn on someone 's face - i did n't just have a place in this building , this building was my place .
but this is the only place i live in . ''
` ` i spent last night at ben 's place , '' i confessed .
he invited me to stay at his place , so i would n't have to spend money on a shitty motel .
we reached his place in silence , and it was n't until i was in the massive foyer that i realized i had no idea what to say to him .
a place to belong .
i had to smile when i pictured her going to the door with a frown on her face , not expecting a package , only to find a beautifully wrapped box from a place she 'd probably never dreamed of setting foot in .
he got us to jenna 's place in record time , and her front door popped open almost as soon as tim pulled up to the curb .
` ` we reserve these spaces for any contractors or consultants who might need a place to work .
she 'll stay at my place tonight . ''
* * * fighting the traffic was n't quite as bad as i 'd anticipated , and ben had already arranged for the valet at his place to return the car to the rental agency .
even though we had n't moved in together , i agreed to stay at his place and watch over the cats and bring in the mail .
this place was everything that had made me who i was .
it was hard not to imagine how they 'd think of me - whoever was in my parents ' place now , in mine , cleaning up after people like me , not understanding that i used to be one of them .
` ` this place is ours , '' he said , his eyes heavy - lidded as he swooped in to kiss me .
they do n't come back to my place .
` ` one or two visits to your place before a big business trip are easily explained away , '' he murmurs .
or maybe i should think about socking it away , and saving up for a new place .
` ` to my place , if that 's okay . ''
i went by your place , but they said you moved . ''
` ` how 's lilly 's new place ? ''
this is the shittiest place he 's lived , but he 's paying the owner of this trailer under the table to keep himself off the grid .
` ` are you taking me to your place ? ''
for as impressive and spacious as it is , it 's warm and comfortable , a feeling i appreciate because it 's so far from how my place feels .
` ` that was my husband 's place since before i met him , '' i defend .
but he does n't give me any other choice , so i lied to him , telling him that clara was going to be at my place and that i needed to be there so she would n't worry or question my whereabouts .
the three of us lived together for a few years until pike and i got a place of our own .
i did n't see him or talk to him until i went to his place yesterday .
he tosses the dish on top of the stove and then runs over to open a few of the sliding glass doors to air the place out and then goes to shut off the screeching smoke alarm .
we scraped by our whole lives , finding liquor to be a better investment than affording a safe place to live .
declan orders up some food , and i lie , telling him that i need to be home because bennett wanted to video chat later and he would know if i was n't at our place .
he tosses the bags in the trunk and then we are on our way to his place .
when we finally make it to his place , his silence remains as we walk into his loft .
i ' ve spent the better part of the last two weeks staying at his place , only coming home a couple of times when i knew clara would be here .
he was n't happy when i had to leave to drop off my article that i was able to finish on the days declan went to work , leaving me with nothing but time while i hid out at his place .
` ` fucking makes me hard that you call my place home . ''
i should have never let you leave my place the other night . ''
` ` a scared man would n't have shown up to my place alone , '' he says before letting go of me and walking to the door .
i pull up to pike 's trailer , a place i used to find solace because i knew he was always on the other side of that door .
` ` you got your own place -- '' ` ` and i still ca n't bring myself to change my number .
i did n't think it was possible to make the place look more breathtaking but the small pieces she 'd come with -- a tower light , a few vases , fresh flowers , and a glass sculpture that created a flow in the living room -- just magnified the beauty of the space .
i deposited it on the counter and swiveled back to the living room area , ready to show off the place and the touches added for tonight .
he was geared up and ready to kick me out before i tainted the place until i told him i was a nanny , there to interview with alicia whitmore .
i almost snapped the coffee stirrer in my hand in half , remembering what i 'd been doing in plain sight on the balcony of jacob 's place .
even though jacob made it clear that he could control himself in the name of professionalism , showing up at his place would have been pushing his luck .
i 'd text and called jacob and absurd amount of times since he kicked me out of his place , swearing i would n't go to sleep until we talked this through .
he stopped in the living room area , glancing around the place with silent disapproval .
i did n't wait for that to sink in because from the noise barreling from the end of the hallway , i needed to get to cade before he razed the place to the ground .
the place was still spotless , not a single speck of dust anywhere despite the antique pieces that combined with shiny , modern chrome .
who else would know the alarm code and march in like she owned the place ? ` `
i like the idea of having the place all to ourselves . ''
these were all questions that i should have asked before i blew out of his place like he was some axe wielding murderer in a horror movie .
his house in pleasure point was far from a shack , and i knew he was wealthy , but i struggled to wrap my mind around the fact that he owned the entire place .
that was the usual response when someone saw my place for the first time .
your place is gorgeous .
i can see the care and money that went into every square inch of this place , from the floor to the skylight .
i 'd never noticed how my place lacked warmth until this moment .
her place looked like someone actually lived there .
what if it was n't my place ?
they just ignore the ' cleaning in progress , please do not enter ' sign at the door and waltz in as if they own the place .
he 's got enough on his place without having to worry about my insecurities .
` ` if you 'd like to come up to my place , i can get you cleaned up .
brian says with heat , ` ` i was offering to let her clean up at my place . ''
she has never really been comfortable in this place .
` ` i was hoping we 'd go back to my place to screw . ''
` ` i ' m sorry , '' she said , ` ` can we go to your place instead ? ''
i drove you to my place when you stayed with me at the penthouse . ''
` ` and what if i said i could give a shit about your cooperation and would rather take you back to my place and fuck your brains out ? ''
you could ' ve handed me off to a myriad of handlers at your disposal but you brought me here - to your place - why would you do that for a total stranger unless you felt something for them ? ''
i needed a place to crash and when i drink too much , i want someone to fuck .
` ` i spent the night at your place . ''
` ` we can stop in on your brother , and then head to my place like we originally intended . ''
` ` my place is up the street .
` ` no , let 's stay at your place . ''
ever since he 'd taken her to his brother 's place , he 'd been startled to notice that he was no longer pushing her away , but pulling her closer .
i 'll meet you at your place when it 's done , okay ? ''
most of the women he met at nightclubs were already there looking to get laid , and they were more than willing to go back to his place without much effort on his part .
with its ivy - covered brick exterior and endless expanse of gleaming windows , her place was a lot nicer on the outside than it was on the inside .
maybe , if she ever got tenure and the raise that came with it , she 'd finally be able to upgrade to a nicer place .
i was over at her place a few days later and we came up with this idea to run a self - defense workshop for her eighth - graders .
the two of them had gone to her place after wrapping up the last self - defense class at her school , and just as she 'd come to expect , the sex had been ridiculously awesome .
she realized what she 'd done the second she finished talking - she 'd invited him to spend the night at her place .
they crashed at each other 's places all the time .
` ` let 's go back to your place .
i want you to forget every single word i said back at your place .
` ` anyway , he did n't show up for work yesterday either , which is totally unlike him , so i went over to his place and found him shit - faced on his couch . ''
` ` he told me he came by your place on friday right before the club opened .
we went back to her place , and i was on the receiving end of a pretty awesome blowjob - and then her husband came home .
he 'd spent every night at her place for the past week , and he did n't seem at all bored with her yet .
this place had never quite felt like home to him .
home was mackenzie 's creaky old farmhouse , the only place where he felt truly like himself .
` ` only one place to stay in town , old harriet jones ' bandb . ''
since he was still on leave thanks to the bullet wound , he had absolutely nothing to do , other than look for a place to live , yet instead of meeting with the realtor , he 'd been spending all his time with jane .
there had been a couple of messages on his cell phone from carson , and one from holly , the day after he 'd stopped by their place , but becker had n't returned the calls .
he did n't want to buy until he knew whether i 'd be leaving l.a . now that i left the magazine , we 're ready to find a place . ''
i was trying to sleep before you burst in here like you own the place . ''
he 'd joined the navy , found a family with the guys on his team , had his own place .
she was probably going to have to move back in here , until she found a place of her own , and she was not looking forward to being under the same roof as her parents again .
` ` eventually we 'll get a place alone , if you want , but i ca n't abandon matt just yet .
she and joe might end up finding a place together anyway , which means i could stay upstairs for good . ''
ever since ryan moved upstairs into annabelle 's place , matt was living solo .
` ` i like your place , '' he said , turning to meet her silver - gray eyes .
it 's just that we have n't seen him around the building the past week , so i figured he was hanging out at your place . ''
` ` savannah and i were thinking of heading back to her place . ''
in that case , i might as well go back to my place . ''
he 's giving up his room so carson 's sister has a place to stay . ''
` ` and now she 's crashing at your place .
granted , he had n't offered to let her stay at his place , but she 'd figured that was because carson and holly 's apartment only had one bedroom .
` ` my dad has been keeping tabs on brendan ever since he showed up at my parents ' place , and this morning dad found out that brendan 's work transfer happened earlier than scheduled .
` ` jen 's going to stay at my place for a few more days , but then she 's moving back to her apartment . ''
her laptop charger had died last night , but she had n't felt like driving all the way to her place to pick up the extra one she kept there .
and now that her crazy ex was out of the picture , it was time to return to her own place .
` ` our place flooded .
the only people she knew in town were the teachers who worked for her at the dance school , and she did n't feel comfortable asking any of them for a place to stay .
` ` let 's just hope the flooding over at our place does n't get worse . ''
it kind of bummed her out , especially when she thought of the painstaking effort she 'd gone to in order to make her apartment a cozy place she and the kids could call home .
and now it was probably all gone - the furniture and knickknacks and personal touches she 'd tried to infuse the place with .
the place was nothing to brag about , but it was pretty and clean , and even though the backyard was small , it was big enough that she could plant a garden back there .
` ` so if you 're offering us a place to stay in exchange for me going to bed with- '' ` ` the offer is n't conditional , for chrissake .
he was dying to get inside her , but she was n't ready to leave the club yet , so they 'd ended up striking a bargain - she 'd help him take the edge off with a quick bj , he 'd stick around and dance with her until last call , and then they 'd head back to her place for a night of fun .
` ` you ' ve got kids at your place ?
why do n't you crash at my place tonight ? ''
located in downtown 's marina district , aidan 's east - facing condo offered an unparalleled view of the san diego skyline - that alone was confirmation of how pricey the place must be .
` ` this is actually my dad 's place , '' aidan explained as he strode into the room wearing nothing but a pair of loose black pants .
` ` how long is his girl staying at your place ? ''
you 're going back to your place tomorrow or the day after , remember ?
whatever , man , you need a place to stay , aidan 's got a spare room , end of story .
when dylan called asking if the offer to crash at his place was still on the table , aidan had told him to come by whenever .
he supposed he could crash at jackson 's place in imperial beach , but hopping from one guest room to another seemed kind of ridiculous .
she quickly rummaged through the duffel bag full of the clothes she 'd packed up over at her place .
he 's just being a good friend to your mom and giving us a place to stay until our apartment is all fixed up . ''
` ` yet according to cash , you 're frequently over at their place , in matt 's bedroom ... '' he shrugged .
he 'd either come by here when the kids were in school , or miranda stopped by his place for a quickie if she managed to leave the club early .
i mean , we stayed at his house when our place was being renovated , but his schedule is kind of messed up , so either he would n't be home when the twins were awake , or he 'd be sleeping during the day after being gone all night .
they 'd had sex at her place , it had been vaguely satisfying , and he had n't called her since .
maybe she 'd sneak him into her place after the rugrats went to bed .
when i stayed at his place last month , we got along really well .
i 'll drop them off tomorrow at your place , if you want . ''
we 'll have dinner with the kids , hang out at your place , maybe play a board game or something ? ''
` ` maybe we should all get a place together . ''
` ` i 'd suggest that i move in here with you guys , but this place is too tiny , and i 'd need enough space for all my workout equipment and my gear . ''
` ` you wan na come by my place tomorrow night ? ''
you and me ... we do n't really get along , and then there was that whole visit thing and ... you know , what you saw at my place ... which you never brought up again , and i ' m really grateful for that , by the way- '' ` ` oh for the love of god , '' she interrupted .
` ` option three , you hop on the chopper with me , crash at my place for a day or two , and when you feel up to dealing with all this , you come home . ''
` ` i thought we were going to your place . ''
and just like dylan 's old place , this one was also neat as a pin , which only supported her belief that military men were the cleanest on the planet .
i promise you , the second the plane touches down on the runway a couple of months from now , i ' m picking you up , bringing you to my place and giving you an epic cheer - up session .
` ` anyway , speaking of miranda , '' seth was saying , ` ` she wanted to know if you 're all planning on coming to our place for christmas eve dinner .
` ` we 'll be at my parents ' place that night , and his family 's the next night . ''
that same flicker of interest that dylan had seen so many times before , usually right before aidan suggested to a woman that they all go back to his place .
when should i swing by your parents ' place ? ''
` ` oh , and hey , is that mighty fine redhead still staying at your place ?
` ` i picked her up at her place , we were chattin ' in the truck , she was all dreamy - eyed when i opened every door for her and pulled her chair out in the restaurant . ''
with its white clapboard exterior , rickety green shutters and uneven front stoop , the place was n't much to look at , but the interior was clean and cozy , and he loved it .
they 'll be staying in the barracks here , so none of you boneheads get any ideas about letting them crash at your places . ''
i was gon na catch a ride with angie 's folks and hang out at her place for a bit .
do you mind if we get takeout and head back to my place ? ''
he was thrilled that she 'd invited him over instead of insisting they go out or chill at his place .
they 'd been carted around from city to city , barely unpacking their belongings before their mother dragged them to a new place .
he knew he was probably abusing his key privileges by sneaking into her place without warning , but he did n't give a shit .
` ` i have no place to be , '' he announces .
some things should be for enjoyment only , and i enjoy staying at my country place .
` ` cumming to your place tonight .
if suri did n't let me live at crestwood place with her for free , i 'd never make ends meet .
the driveway at crestwood place is almost half a mile long , taking me through a beautiful apple orchard and then around several fields where horses graze .
the front of the house is lit up like usual to deter gate - hopping criminals , and as i see it for the first time in weeks , my heart squeezes , because no matter how much time passes and how much changes , this awful place will always feel like home .
i sigh , because i ca n't heed my own warning , and all i can think about as i park in front of crestwood place is when i 'll see hunter again .
the next heartbeat , i ' m raging , because she did come to my place to keep me away from the party tonight , and my stupid ass let her .
ted burts and roberto are scouring san luis at this very moment - starting with mighty 's bar - and julie and dave are with lay1a visiting priscilla and lockwood 's places of residence while they 're out .
you 'd be more comfortable back at your own place . ''
we 're driving on the lonely , two - lane roads between crestwood place and napa valley involved rehab , and i ' ve just finished my story - or at least , the censored version .
it was n't especially dangerous - he was selling to college kids , after all - but when i stayed at his place at night i used to have nightmares about the police kicking his door in and shooting us as we startled awake .
by the time sean needed to move in because there was too much heat on his place , i had started to get weary of his lifestyle .
sobbing for my pretty , framed college diploma that i left in my old place in atlanta .
i work up the nerve to turn around , feeling a ridiculously powerful rush of deja vu , a flash back to when i ran away from jesus 's place almost nine months ago .
` ` was it - the therapy the new place did n't have- was it therapy that could have brought you out of the coma ? ''
my father called me only one time , right after i woke up , to tell me i was back in the good rehab because my best friend , lizzy , sold herself , right here at love inc . that 's how she got the money to have me moved back to a place where i would have a shot at getting better . ''
` ` you need it sooner , come to my place . ''
as i jet from crestwood place , a columned , brick home on one - hundred acres just outside downtown napa , to the valley , i try driving with my knees , something my father absolutely loathes and something i ' ve never been great at .
i ' m glad i ' m getting to do what i enjoy , and i ' m glad i had a good enough year last year that i was able to buy crestwood place from my parents .
this place might be a cesspool of sex - for - pay , but the grounds and the interior design are stunning .
i shout her name for the longest time , dragging air into my stinging lungs , watching the place go down in pieces while it 's sprayed with hoses .
i ' ve already hired of team of experts to pick this place apart tomorrow .
he 's worked hard to make this place what it is .
the funniest thing : unlike the main house and the other two manor houses , i decorated this place myself .
which means the only spare room on the whole damn premises is inside my place .
i spend the third day at crestwood place cleaning .
because it 'll be nice to get out of my big , lonely crestwood place for a little while .
marchant 's place is on the end of the row of cottages - the one that 's closest to the pond and the new ` ` main house '' at love inc . as soon as my eyes hit the front door , my pulse goes crazy and i start to sweat .
but then i got back to my room at west 's place , where i lived , and f**ked our housekeeper . ''
i liked to pretend that it was my living room since my place was so tiny and there was no way i could afford a huge tv .
the whole place had been engineered around the stunning mountain views , and each room flowed organically into the next .
` ` is this place home for you ?
decadence dripped from every sophisticated fixture and fitting ; the place screamed high - class sex den .
` ` this place ... '' she gestured around the balcony , at the flower - laden window boxes and elegantly laid table .
a seasoned tourism worker , her english was excellent , and she was clearly used to being asked about places to stay .
` ` so this place is yours ? ''
she wandered in slowly , her wide eyes drinking in every bizarre detail of the place he currently called home .
` ` undeniably fabulous as this place is ... '' she cast her eyes dubiously around the cabin .
we could have gone to my place . ''
this was the kind of place in provincetown that did n't change the soap in the bathrooms or the sheets on the beds between guests .
you ' ve made this place tolerable .
while kenny hugged evan , he glanced around the apartment and said , ` ` this place looks fantastic . ''
even he had to admit the clean bright paint and all the cleaning out he 'd done had turned that apartment into a new place .
although it was n't unusual to see long black limos like this in vegas , they did n't usually pull up to chickey 's place on a weeknight .
when he realized what he 'd said about chickey 's place , he corrected himself , ` ` you know what i mean . ''
but let 's go back to my place and i 'll show you what 's going to get into you tonight . ''
but i did have dinner with him last night , and we did go back to his place and have a little fun in his bedroom .
it 's typically a slow morning and we have the whole place to ourselves .
` ` why do n't you stay at my place tonight , '' treston said .
javier was out and the place was quiet , so david turned on the television .
richie had even gone to the library to research los angeles to find out where the best places to live were .
there were men having sex in various positions all over the place .
and this was weird for me because i never had a place to which i felt that i belonged .
and what did it mean that i was his everything and that with me in his arms he found a place he could call home ?
wan na go back to your place ?
it was a place i could live in and be happy .
so i showed up at her room and told her i had gotten locked out of my apartment or something and had no place else to sleep .
i had an apartment on first capitol drive in st . charles , and sometimes we went to my place , other times we went to lindenwood by the old water tower .
julie wanted us to get our own place together .
i ended up getting my own place , and realized i was nt going to be going back .
i hope moving to a new place will help in my grieving process .
i do nt really have any furnishings or dcor around my place .
i needed a place to stay so i let it go , for my mom .
i was thinking of having you over for dinner at my place maybe this weekend ?
the house that appeared to be at the centre of all the attention was more or less diagonally across the road from our place .
by the time we got back to his place i had begun to feel exhausted .
luckily , their place was nt very big : it had three bedrooms , one bathroom , the entry hall , a small stocking - room , the hallway and the kitchen , which was right next to the living room .
go to your place .
marina delivered the pages to the teacher and then returned to her place to pack up her stuff .
in a secure intonation , she announced , ill wait for you tomorrow at 10a.m at my place and you better be there on time .
when classes ended , some days they d go to his place and on another he would escort her home .
marina used to have her shower in the locker room , but she was too anxious to leave that place , so she decided to do it at home .
joshua coughed and said , it can be at our place .
she turned it on to start heating up the place and went to the bathroom to fetch a towel for him to dry himself .
with her hands on her hips , she took a last look in the bedroom to check if the place was presentable and ready to receive visitors .
besides not having had a shower at her fathers place , it would feel good to relax before the herculean task of facing barbatos .
she remembered perfectly the bath at his place ; it had been good , because , in addition of having her back rubbed , he had also given her a spectacular massage .
when they reached the point where they should separate , joshua quizzed , do you want to come to my place ?
to avoid this from happening , marina remained still for a few more moments at the door of her place .
i think another night wo nt hurt , though i think you 'll like that i have my own place .
if he had his own place , they would be much more at ease and they would nt need to be that restrained nor would have to try to disguise a conversation when they wanted to talk about something related to the supernatural dimension .
i should be used to it by now ; i ve been waking up like this on a regular basis ever since i moved into my new place .
i do have my own place now .
do you want to finish those now and then we can start the project at my place after class ?
his place is so him : warm , cozy , and interesting .
in fact , i think we should do this at your place to make you more comfortable .
we take a seat on the couch and noah links our hands before he starts assessing the place .
since we each have our own place , there s really no reason not to .
fosters place is a dump , but its close to campus and its all he could afford after noah finally kicked him out last year .
she took one look at the place and said it was too quiet for anything to have happened recently .
well get out of here and find a new place to stay until morning .
it feels like this is the only place i have anymore , she whispered , and the words were so low i had to strain to hear them .
he should be happy , but he felt so guilty he could nt even finish cleaning up the place for her .
he also said they d liked to have rented your place , too .
i was hoping that by spending the summer in a place like this , it would give him time to heal .
they locked me up in this place that had lots of other girls like me , and nothing to do all day .
ill find you a safe place to stay soon , franz replied .
that s hard to do in a place where the servants behave themselves better than the masters .
do you have any place you re planning to stay ?
does everyone have a place that they can stay ?
first , we have to find ourselves a place to live .
first , she had to find a place to stay temporarily .
it would be really nice to have my own place and - robert !
she had taken action and requested the servants to put the place to rights .
when i got to her place , she took forever to get dressed .
the two had slept over at my place often enough over the years and tried moms cooking .
torins door opened as i drove past his place .
once i finished my training , she provided me with a place to stay , a cache of gold for expenses , and left .
st . james is throwing a swim party tomorrow at his place and they , he nodded toward the corner where maliina and ingrid were charming mostly guys , are throwing one , too .
at least he had nt taken her to his place .
ill stop by your place in an hour or so , eirik said .
lets stop by the creperie for lattes then leave your car at my place before going to the hospital .
did i mention that keith came to my place last night and asked me to the dance ?
he s gone all out , and his place is amazing .
he carried me from your place , but maliina appeared out of nowhere and attacked .
the gas leak at your place , was anyone hurt ?
did he say or do something to make you leave his place ?
i was planning on waiting for you , then going to my place and picking up my stuff .
last night when my parents and i had arrived home , his place had been in darkness .
as he was about to leave somebody put their arms around him and when he turned around it was janice trying to moved in on him , putting her arm around his neck and inviting him back to her place for the night .
so , now , i have no phone , no ipad , no camera , no clothes , and no place to stay .
plus , you ll have a place to stay , a new wardrobe , and walking around money . ''
i shook my head , and a place to live .
do you and the other man have a place to stay for the night ?
i m taking a nap when we get back to your place .
i was like 18 and making a shit load of money and i needed a place to cover it up .
my place in boston could fit in your kitchen .
i needed a place to hide out for a while after i understand , i whispered .
no , i use my place in portland as my main house , but this is where i come when i want to get away .
i do nt even have a bathtub in my place in boston , just a shower .
actually , i probably do nt even have a place in boston anymore .
i ask curiously as i look around at the place that used to be such a second home to us when liam was starting out in the acting world .
if ... things go in a certain direction , i want to work close by wherever he has a place at , you know ?
the guys have a house they shared for times they needed to be here , and it made it easier on them as bachelors to just share a place .
they talked about us all sharing the place , and while krista and i are used to being roommates , we think as newlyweds , we need our own space .
said they all needed a place to make a fresh start .
shed been livid before about michaels male presence sullying the place , but then today shed thought of a cleansing spell .
back at my place , there s nobody waiting up .
maybe i d like to have my own place someday .
jessica brodie and guest , i announced , looking around like i was checking out the place , even though all i could really see were shadowed areas , a banister , and a whole lot of empty space .
i either had gladis and lady over to eat at my place when i was cooking , or went to the big house when i was nt .
god knew it had taken him long enough to procure it , so when he signed the deed on the house , he told candace that she had carte blanche to furnish the place .
` ` perhaps we 'll find something interesting for our new place . ''
` ` do you miss your old place ? ''
` ` i 'll meet you at your place at eight o'clock tonight . ''
` ` you could come over to my place instead .
` ` my place is fine .
` ` tom , '' janet nudged bostoff 's inebriated legal counsel , ` ` wake up , this is your place . ''
he wants us to come over to his place .
she had not seen much of him since the memorable evening when they had abducted tom wyman 's laptop - the evening dean had spent the night at her place .
i have travelled the last three months through unfamiliar states and towns looking for a place to belong , a place to start over , and found only emptiness and lonely motel rooms .
i know you loved me and protected me there , but help me find the place where you want me to live .
do the kids usually play at their house or at your place , madge ?
its why i am running away from the guilt and memories of my private hell looking for a place to belong , but i do nt think i can ever get rid of the demons from my past , mandy sobbed .
you told me that first day that you were looking for a place to fit in , where you could be accepted for who you are , to be safe and loved .
do you remember when we first met , i told you i was looking for a place to belong , and to feel safe ?
i do nt want to hurt your feelings , but maybe we could find a place that fits us better like a cabin by a lake where we could be ourselves and be surrounded by natural beauty instead of these formal gardens , mandy suggested .
lets find a place where we really belong , buddy added with a grin .
i doubt if we will need the fireplace , but i can imagine how warm and cozy this place would be in the winter .
you gave me a place to belong , a place to feel safe and loved .
anyway i m sure dad will have left her some money , she can buy another place , something smaller .
come on margery , were going back to my place for a bit .
besides which arnie said he d fix us up with somewhere to stay until we could find our own place .
harry i think we should do something about finding ourselves a place of our own , do nt you ?
its not a proper home , i d like us to get our own place .
i want us to look for our own place , i said that right from the start .
arnies done us a good deal on this place and he s sending his guys over to repaint the whole house before we move in .
she used to live near our old place in whitby .
just until i can find a place of my own .
its so nice having children around the place .
we need to concentrate on finding a bigger place to live .
the house they had lived in for more years than she cared to remember had already begun to feel too large when sylvia moved out to marry richard but without tom and his friends crashing about the place , all lanky arms and long legs , loud music and half - eaten pizzas , it felt like a morgue .
well , our trust fund baby , meryl , decided to upgrade this place when she moved in , with barbaras permission , of course , ella said .
oh , barbara wanted me to tell you to stop by her place this morning before work .
olly , i have nt been with charlie since i moved into my new place .
finally , we ended up at my place .
it was a place where they could get away from the restrictions that parents of the day , placed on their children .
eileen had rang janice saying that she was worried for matthew having heard john making threats towards him earlier in the day , and when he had returned to her place that night with blood on his cloths she had feared the worse .
could he come back to her place so that they could talk it over .
need a place to stay where his first words to her as she opened the door .
she had nt even found a place to settle .
she doubted he would have anyway , and to give him another pocket , a new place , seemed an even worse alternative .
has it occurred to you that you might not want any reminders , and that includes me , of this place once we make it home ?
they probably know who i am , so you ca n't just come back to my apartment ... we need to find a place of our own , at least until things die down .
it will be be better closer to my place .
i m still kinda trying to find some place to crash .
i m twenty - eight and old enough to find a place to sleep in .
now i know you have nt found a place to crash in , and the b and b is fully booked , so i m being a friend and letting you use the spare room while you re in town .
if only sadie took it in her mind to clean this place up all of a sudden , cisco had an idea .
believe what you want to believe , silver , but do nt expect me to come crawling and begging just because you tidied up my place a bit .
the place looked like it got hit by a tornado twice .
i just did nt have the time to clean up the place .
so , after spending the whole day at your place , i m assuming that you ve been living in that house alone .
i figured someone would be showing up before long with paperwork for me to sign since this place is all mine .
her parents had kept the place up - to - date , minus the bedrooms .
she could clean his place any day dressed like that .
i think we should go back to my place and sleep together .
but if we take this back to my place , i could make us something to eat after .
winter is coming and i want to see this place filled up the way it used to be .
someone had been by and torn her place apart .
an hour later , she was thankful her place was tiny .
and i ve got a feeling the granddaughter is who trashed your place .
you broke into my place .
i need a place to crash for the night , so i m hoping you have a vacancy , julie said .
it would be crazy as soon as my baby and carlys baby were here , having two kids running around the place would be nuts , but it would be amazing .
while she was gone , alex , lapis and i looked around , it was nice , there was a ton of land , i was nt sure how much but the place was huge and the house was gorgeous .
the place looked like the aftermath of a tornado hit .
you got a place to sleep tonight , kit ?
i ca nt find a decent place to stay on that .
bone looks at me over his shoulder and says , you got a place to stay tonight , kit ?
` ` why do n't the three of you come back to my place for hot chocolate ? ''
del had been working for the chases back then and with ben taylor being the way he was , gracie had needed a place to stay until her grandmother was ready to leave for home .
he had cleaned the place from ceiling to basement , and then laquita had performed some magic with paint and paper and fabric until the little cottage looked like a home for the first time since del died .
` ` i ' m rattling around this place like a marble , '' she said when darnell expressed reluctance to accept her generosity .
except for the boxes tucked away in the attic , the place was stripped clean of old memories .
i 'll drive you back to your father 's place . ''
all right , i was just getting settled into my new place .
my parents are at my place .
then , since i had nt been to his place yet , he suggested we have dinner there .
my sister had nt picked up her phone in a couple of hours , so i asked gray to drop me off , that i would ride my bike over to his place afterwards .
cherry was all wrapped up in that other guy , the one who d been at her place that time .
girls have been all over the place asking their boyfriends , friends , even acquaintances to the dance when i was nt even sure i was going .
she could clean the house , as the place was beyond large and there always seemed to be more scrubbing and polishing just waiting to be tackled .
you could stay at my place , offered mary .
i would offer you my place , but it 's under renovation ... look , maybe the inspector 's right .
he brought a warrant and searched my place .
we immediately felt at home in their comfortable place .
but you 'll stay at my place .
my question would have to wait until we reached his place , then i would have his full attention .
chapter 13 terry 's place was a little daunting at first .
one of those ultra - trendy candidates for a feature on top billing so very different from my own place which , at its best , is called eclectic bohemian but is more often referred to as student dcor ; reflecting my love for browsing flea markets and charity shops , both of which suited my pocket perfectly .
it was obvious that he was not used to having people over to his place , despite all the hospitality trappings .
i did nt know where we were going , but it was nt back to my place .
being a lawyer , i supposed she had an upscale place , making my small apartment dull in comparison .
he ate at my place , but the poor thing must have been starved .
i called cason and he told me you were still passed out when he left your place .
can we please just go back to my place ?
went out to eat , rode on a motorcycle , stole a bench , then we got back to his place .
reids place was nice , but i felt contained .
i want to take you back to my place and do every naughty thing i can think of , but we have to get through this party first , i groaned , rubbing my hands all over his hard chest .
why do nt you bring your make - up and stuff and you can change at my place .
compared with my parents house in new jersey , this place is like a mansion .
funny how just the other day i was thinking that i should move soon to a place that luke could get inside .
oh , she cried , i ca nt wait until i have a place all my own and i can decorate every room .
if we did n't want anything other than a place to sleep for the night , they tended to trust us more .
` ` we thought about sticking around , making a haven of the place we 'd lived our whole lives , but when chris came over to stay with me ? . ''
for the first time since she left her hometown , amber was looking forward to living in a brand new place .
and the desire he saw in them made him wish he could take her back to his place and protect her for the rest of his life .
agents across the country know when they are working in or around atlanta , they have a place to crash that 's a little more personable than a hotel room , derek replied .
she continued to look around the place she would be staying and asked if she could check out the kitchen .
are you staying at his place , olivia asked .
sure , he crashed at her place time to time but he could nt do that forever .
he worked part - time on the campus library except again , that was nt enough to get his own place and still take his classes .
michael mentioned you were looking for your own place but you were still saving up .
maybe you should get a roommate and find that place now .
julienne could be very quiet and shy , then there were times she was a spitfire , she was nt letting him leave this place until he signed papers with the real estate agent .
and he found this amazing place but he d need a roommate to afford it comfortably so i told him i knew the perfect person .
you do nt want him to be stuck with a place he ca nt afford and go hungry , do you ?
you got your own place ?
that saturday nick agreed with shane to move into their new place .
so your dad told me you moved out and got your own place , that must be exciting .
he wanted to go home and curl up in bed and he would ve if julienne was keeping him here hostage until she was ready to go , seeing as he was her ride back home to her moms place .
this place did nt feel like her home anymore .
so you have the place to yourself .
but they were the kind where he would come over to my place , we d do homework , watch a movie , have popcorn and then try to make out on the couch .
kari , you should ve told me neil mars was coming for dinner to our place tonight ! she says neil mars like its a saleable entity or something.i would ve certainly planned better for this evening ...
we have a place here from when gabriel worked at the hospital .
i thought we could leave these here in the loft so that if you could stand our invasion every so often , they would have a place to stay when we visit .
have you decided on a place to live ?
there were times he was sure his place had been searched .
my places not that bad !
i was nt able to leave my aunts place until i was sixteen .
` ` thing is , if murray really did see the nannup tiger , it was headed toward my place .
if the beast 's out there , it could be hunting my place at night , and it 's just me out there . ''
i ' m just offering you a place to stay , if you do n't want to go home early . ''
then i can head straight to your place after dinner . ''
then i can finally move out of my parents ' place and start living .
and his toilet will be closest to my place , so i hear his every fart .
i thought it was normal to share a place with a woman , my father thought i was mad not getting together with jo .
what was going to happen when we got to my place ?
he started wandering around my living room as if he owned the place .
between the family business and his fathers international affairs , they d constantly traveled , never staying in one place for long .
she had two weeks to save the place she loved .
riley looked around before turning to face him , hoping he d like the place .
you ve yet to see your new place .
i ve never settled in any one place for too long , love .
we should find you a new place to live once we get back .
she knew that living on the island was nt for everyone , but she could nt imagine any place being more perfectand thorsen had the same connection to the place .
yet it was too late , even if it had been no more than a week since he d walked back into her lifeand mere hours since shed pictured herself in the kitchen of his new place like some merry fucking homemaker .
its just that its going to feel awfully empty if its just me rattling around the place .
might look into renting a place for a month .
that s actually my place .
actually , he s looking for a place to stay for a month or two .
also found a place to stay , and for that i need to thank you .
it was a hell of a lot nicer than most of the places he usually stayed in , and there d be no chance he could have afforded the place if it was nt off - season .
it was a hell of a lot nicer than most of the places he usually stayed in , and there d be no chance he could have afforded the place if it was nt off - season .
i also took the liberty of grabbing your keys from your backpack so that my assistant can go to your place and get you some clothes in case your roommate is nt home .
that sounded like your place or mine ? , but justin was certain she was nt trying to sound sexually suggestive .
i hate to ask , but can i stay at your place until the storm passes ?
the pipes under the house snake back and forth so the whole place stays the same temperature .
her place had looked like someone had broken in and gone through it .
they had just moved into the tiny two bedroom place together , and he d been dating kimberly at the time .
she showed up right after i got back to your place and started looking for you .
shed retreated to his place in portland for spring break .
then shed left his place early to meet up with her girlfriends in mexico .
the guys worked for a place to live , their rooms a little better than the dorms they would have returned to at the start of the traditional school year .
but , if he played this thing smartly , he 'd be back at her place tomorrow night and they 'd talk things through .
mitch tended to stay longer when he had a place to call his own .
it no longer mattered if she had a job or a place to live .
it was the one place that he knew he would always be welcome .
` ` anna , dear , i just heard about the fire at your place .
i figured that out as soon as we got inside his place and he knocked me out .
hey , chlo , when we get our own place , lets not move here , anita continued .
we joked that i was a great plumber but a piss - poor electrician , and that the next person let into the pack would have to know how to rig wiring to keep the old place going .
this place will not fall apart if i take a few hours off .
lynna immediately set about cleaning the place , hoping to make it livable by nightfall .
she opened windows and doors at each end , to air the place out , then put clean linen on the double bed .
he referred to his normal routine of being busy on sundays and his mom 's insistence on coming in to clean his place .
first , her mother had passed away unexpectedly and then her father had been diagnosed with alzheimers and needed to be moved to a place where he could get round the clock care .
it had been such a busy season at the campground , they had not had a lot of free time to enjoy the place they had built together .
it was not ideal , by far , but to exist in a desolate place on the human plane would be preferable to continuing their spiritual imprisonment in the alliance existence , shifting through planes like ghosts with no place to stay .
while caleb took madison home , abby went back to her place to pack an overnight bag .
how about you guys meet us at my place in about an hour ?
he was ready to take his bride to places neither had experienced .
well , that and jack 's place .
we agree to meet at jack 's place later that evening after my shift is over .
i rush out of the house as quickly as possible and make my way back to what should probably be classified as my real home , jack 's place .
after dinner we say our goodbyes to david and the bouncer , who is a real sweet guy , and michael lets me drive back to jack 's place .
michael just ca nt handle my baggage and the baggage that came attached with jack 's place .
the small businesses will go bankrupt almost immediately , and all the animals in the forest will have to find another place to go .
michael refuses to take a tour of my place , insisting that we talk immediately .
its the first time he s ever called me by my name after meeting me originally back at jacks place .
the housing around the campus is really expensive , so students try to find a place to stay wherever they can if they ca nt afford living on campus .
i just wanted to give us a place to stay .
were going to have to buy a ton of furniture to fill this place up .
oh , i will , elizabeths voice reeked with sweetness , i m in my new place , mr . wellers cabin .
its a wreck , garbage and filth all over the place except the bedroom , which was immaculate .
move away from here ; we could just pack up your mother and find a new place to live , where every person we pass in the streets is nt aware of every difficulty in our lives .
formulating a plan , kyrah knew the first thing she had to do was find a place to stay .
if i m not on my way to england by the end of the month , i will sell the necklace , set aside sufficient for my passage , and find a place to live .
as he continued to look around he could not believe that the whole place was full , not a spare chair in the house , as they say .
jane rushed over to help him as he was looking a little dazed , chuck was also there asking what had happened , as he stood up the table and chairs in an effort to tidy the place up .
all i know is , i ve got no place to go back to .
and after i left paris , i kept thinking if she ever came back i wanted her to have some place to go .
and neither of us has a place to live anymore .
the sun was far overhead , and everyone with a place to go was already there .
i guess this place could do with a bit of a makeover , morgan mused , craning her neck about the room .
they all needed a secure place to live that did nt leak .
i ve got a place in brighton as well .
we can practice out at our place .
it was sunday , and we were hanging out at his place .
i was doing my best to stay awake after downing two pills that dec brought from their place .
one time , he disappeared from her new place and two weeks later turned up on my doorstep .
all it had done was blast home that she had utterly wasted those days getting in touch with nature and wallowing in her own pity when she could have been job hunting and looking for a place to live .
i felt like my every word bounced off the walls of this place and jumped around the room .
kaylie leaned in close and whispered , wan na go back to my place ?
shed had far too many margaritas celebrating her best friend camilles impending wedding , and chaz had been only mildly tipsy when they d left bar none together and headed to his place .
i was brave enough to go the place where she was living now .
he had gone too far in seeking the place from which his love for his girl had come from .
as the bus reached my place , i wiped out the tears that fell near my cheeks while getting down from the bus .
it 's only seven back to my place . ''
i 'll be at your place in an hour . ''
because she worked while he slept , and slept while he worked , peter had dropped dinner off at her place a few times after she 'd gone to work .
not when everyone knew he lived just a few miles away from her place .
peter took his sweet time thinking about whether ryce would be spending the night at his place or with jack or nate .
i ve got a first aid kit at my place .
taking hold of his hand and putting it back on his lap , she whispered coyly , shall we wait until we get to your place ?
luckily , kat had had some antibiotics left over from an old prescription at home , and shed brought them from her own place and given them to him at the appointed times , making sure he took them .
you gon na stay for a while when we get to my place ?
is there someone you can stay with until you find a place of your own ?
no , i have a little place in santa monica , its not much , there s a futon in the living room .
reagan , come in , take a look around , this old place is a treasure for sure !
yeah , but he took another deep breath , anywaydo you want to go to your dads place today ?
man , you could stay here at our place , its much cheaper than a hotel thanks .
listen , why do nt i come by tomorrow and we can go to your moms place , wherever that iswhat do you think ?
i could nt imagine mom living in a place like this .
it was how krista found the place ; shed seen the ad for a third roommate on craigslist , interviewed , and been accepted .
if this place was nt so reasonably priced for how big it was , she would move in an instant .
possibly to a place he could nt come back from .
why do nt we head to my place , monica said quietly , leaning against his body .
after that , all i remember is being carried to a car and waking up at his place the next morning with only his tee on .
ill find a place to rent .
we are offering you a place to set up for a long time .
we should probably find a place to stay for the night , hendrix spoke up once we were huddled into our closed in traveling formation .
if last night was any indication of what we were willing to put up with for a dry place to stay and a decent nights sleep .
it seemed somewhat meaningless to put this much effort into a place to stay for just one night .
` ` it 's true , the place needs a woman 's touch , '' her father agreed sheepishly .
she got henry to send a note uninviting me and threatening to call in a little loan if i had the temerity to show up at his place .
i do nt think they can even see it from their place , but if you drive by , or if i m riding that section , there it is , all the colors shining , out there all by itself .
and well go places together after i retire .
i was just he sighed , okay , listen , he said , why do nt you come over to my place later ?
* * * i know its not as big as your place , blake told paulee that evening while they were walking to his dining room , but its homeat least , here .
* * * caleb pulled into the driveway , and just as he always did when he came to marcus place , he shook his head at the monstrosity his brother called home .
because they pay my salary for one thing , and beyond that , they re my family , so when caleb tells me that he wants you at his place , that is exactly where we are going .
lets just get you dressed and to your brothers place .
a lift is only good for someone who has a place to go .
that if i will have her , she will dine at my place tonight .
all i know is that when i searched his place he was definitely looking for something and i think whatever it was led him directly to you .
the closets were his and hers ... oh how she loved this place !
i 'll bring the truck around and get you back to your place .
dad did nt care for people much anyway so until a few years before he passed away , they did nt really go places .
does your son ever call or come by your place on mondays ?
ill pick you up at your place about 6:30 .
how far is it from your place ?
mike and i went out for a quick meal , then returned to my place to wait .
let 's go back to your place to ask your dad and get your things together .
i 'll see you at my place .
we 'd hung out and then gone back to his place , and played his x - box for like three hours , and then ...
the shop 's not that close to my place , though .
you could n't imagine a place big enough to contain her .
when i got a place of my own , i got this cleo .
the whole place smelled like onion and garlic and spice , and she was taking cornbread out of the oven .
we spent four years in a place so small that you bumped into each other at least weekly and then moved to the same area and never saw each other .
i guess i do need to figure out if i should sign another lease on this place , or just go month to month , he said , more thinking out loud than asking my opinion .
if you would prefer me just to drop everything off at your place , or at your office or something , i understand .
so she came over to my place and we changed out of our 80s costumes into pajamas and happened upon a molly ringwald marathon on some cable channel .
your place is tiny , and you already have things in storage .
seriously , though , guys , there is an impressive amount of clutter in this place , ben said .
darshanagood all d best sherrythank you darshana you are welcome sherryso when should i reach your place , darshanawhat place ? ? ? ?
: sherry : size : darshana : z ( she mistyped and ) sherry : why do nt you come to my place now lactose milk we can get : darshana : you shameless donkey , idiot , stupid : sherry : what shame and why , how much clothes we need to make protectors of z size , darshana : do someone talk like that shut up now sherry : and the size of tits for tat ( now this you have to understand ) we need a succession machine : darshana : oohh god , will you stop now you shameless boy darshana : very clever , you look good when you keep mum : sherry : i just took a pause thinking what will be the gap in the missionary position with a girl of z size , i am not clever do nt have a single girlfriend darshana : i know how much clever you are ok , can i ask you something but first make promise that you would nt laugh what are you saying about the position , tell me in a decent way sherry : oh you do nt know , there is nothing to laugh in that : darshana : i am asking because i do nt know what that is sherry : i read on internet that no desire for sex in this age is an indication of disease : darshana : so why are you telling this to me .
tell me when i can reach your place ?
today three days ago two days ago yesterday today , take two micah his place okay you re not welcome not one of those the girl with the guitar and the cane what drives you he s just a friend empty walls everything and nothing the blue note the door coffee shop on the corner birthday girl chocolate cake and new york city his american mother party girl the hangover the story letting go the ceremony pretty woman how deep can you feel kiss me good play for me i m not that person anymore finally , another gig think back to when you were a child the fight words of wisdom what are you ?
irma offered katja their sofa in exchange for a portion of the rent until she found her own place .
shed find her own place next month .
a person who did nt have a place to sleep or shower and shampoo their hair .
times like that she really wished she had her own place .
she would live in a nice , warm , cozy place .
when she finished , she wiped the counters and washed her dishes , determined to leave the place spotless .
his place was clean and dry and warm .
i can look for my own place now that i have a job .
with her job at the caf , she should be able to get her own place , or at least find a new roommate .
hennis family had a computer , and i spent hours every sunday afternoon practicing at her place , pretty much force feeding myself on those .
they d have dinner and then make out on the sofa until they were panting and charged with so much chemistry and electricity that katja thought they d set the place on fire .
she needed time to find a new place anyway .
shed scour the papers for a new place to live .
if you can prove that you and your mother have the financial means to support her , and that her dwelling place is acceptable and safe , then the social worker will most likely recommend that she remain where she is .
why would i want to go with you to your place ?
this was a goddess awful place to live .
her type may think they owned the place but she should be in the homestead where she belonged , sipping chamomile tea and watching soppy chick flicks .
i did nt want to apologize because i d meant every word i d said at his place the other night , but i missed his teasing , missed us .
this place has felt like a real home away from home .
school had nt been high on my list of priorities as a kid and shifting around between foster families ensured i did nt stay in one place long enough to build a solid education .
they 'd been jumpy all day , ever since we 'd crashed their place .
father thomas had requested that i stay in baltimore , but the only place that had ever felt like home was st . marys .
do you have some place to stay ?
` ` it stayed east of my place , i had a great harvest . ''
when i come into my money , i can buy my own place . ''
she did n't covet this place , she did n't give a hoot about all the money mother squirreled away so selfishly .
the only place she could be herself was ashville manor and she understood why the renaldo 's hid away ... .
you see , the thing about crossing realms is that you lose the memories of the place you left behind .
he brought her here to be healed and asked that they find a place for her if she elected to stay .
it was kind of our place and i was kind of sad and pathetic for seeking it out .
tomorrow , i move into my own place .
i need a place to crash until our next construction job .
i just want a place to crash for a few hours .
ever since her first concert at fourteen , shed been saving for her own place , but shed already spent more than she intended on the apartment .
no wonder he keeps the place in darkness .
the whole place looked pretty ramshackle on the website .
` ` i was looking forward to meeting some of those society babes up at your place . ''
` ` i - we - need a few more months , '' she said firmly , ` ` to get this place into shape .
he washed his hands at the sink , hoping she liked his place .
she 'd just assumed that their place was in napa .
` ` sabrina comes out sometimes , in between film gigs , and sometimes my mother comes out to throw a party , but mostly i have the place to myself .
` ` i followed you last night from your place .
on our way back to your place , when we get in cell range , i 'll have him call the fbi .
` ` then your place it is . ''
they 'd talked on the way to his place .
we can talk it out at my place .
you mean well go have sex at your place .
lets just hang out at your place .
as we walk to his place , i m feeling oddly less awkward than before .
* * * it takes almost an hour to drive to this place , a little ranch house on the outside of san antonio .
i do nt remember much about the drive over to his place , other than going through the motions , stopping at red lights , going at green lights .
the house was just a few doors down from his own and karl would have volunteered to have the impromptu wedding there , except that his place did nt have a patio and was somewhat smaller .
i needed to get us back to my place , but he had a point ... what if the werewolf followed us to wherever we went ?
looking at her darkened house , i almost wished we d stopped by my place instead .
if you move toward the door , ill pull out of this driveway and go back to my place , then you ll have to talk to nolan about what s going on as well .
ethan never dropped by my place , but maybe ... maybe he d decided to visit ?
ill need to stop by my place and get some toiletries and clothes , if i do that .
maybe afterward we can hang out at my place .
no use taking two cars when well just go back to my place .
the idea of going back to his place later soured my stomach .
ill have to drop you two off , since i need to return to my place to concoct the potion .
chapter seventeen mia we did nt talk much on the way back to my place .
if we were at my place , i could light a fire for us and and my brother would be there too .
my place is nt that big but you re more than welcome to stay ... well , for however long you re planning on being here .
you got me a place to live and a potential job all in one afternoon .
what else would three grown women do with a place they all owned together ?
just that it looks like a place you would be comfortable inand you could make your own .
i already have a place to live and i like it just fine .
she needed a place to live .
serenity falls would nt truly be home again until she had a place of her own .
do nt tell me you got a place around here .
you re looking for a place to rent ?
i do come across rentals here and there , he began , but i m sure grace would nt mind if you stayed at her place for awhile .
but you re ready to find your own place , he concluded .
i m only saying , if you want some place of your own for awhile , you have one .
she did nt want this place for herself , she wanted something bigger .
do your parents still live at that place out on the lake ?
elliot has a place out there , too .
maybe one day you can return the favor when i find my place .
but the guesthouse is nt my place .
and do nt think i do nt want you at my place .
okay , you can say no , but we thought we d help you with your new place .
he d done it because he knew how much shed enjoy it , and because she deserved a place of her own .
ill deliver it to your new place when you move in .
it made him want to call grace and tell her he d do what he could to help with her idea of the youth center because these kids had to have some place to go .
they are nt going to have a place to go to for monthswe should have them help out here .
he was either always gone away at swim meets and all day practices , or he and the other swimmers were at his place next door , screaming , partying , and playing pranks on one another ; keeping every neighbor that was trying to study and sleep up all night in the process .
before she could answer , a blast from the music still pounding at his place sent two frames on her wall crashing down .
well , boy i found you a place to hole up during the winter and you ll be paid for it .
no wonder the place was such a mess .
there is no way in hell i m moving to this place .
not at all practical when you have no furniture to clutter the place with .
how could leaving a place that so terrified her be the wrong decision ?
he married a woman in england and brought her back here with the intention of filling the place with children , but they never had any .
its how you raised her , letting her run loose all over the place .
by the time we flew from raleigh to dallas , i was totally and completely baffled by how these guys could handle this lifestyle : flying from city to city , never staying in one place for more than a few days at a time .
and babs would have to find his own place , or maybe he could go live with webs and laura .
i thought maybe something like that would be good for my daughter , a place where she could live in someone elses world for a while .
the problem was , their wages were minimal and they could nt afford a place to stay or were saving up for one .
get a proper job and a place to stay .
next on my to - do list was finding a place to stay .
then lynnette found me and offered me a place to stay .
being the face of the diamond dreams jewelry line meant i would be able to afford a nice place and have enough money left over to spoil myself .
it was nice living here , but i need to find a place closer to work , i lied .
well , if you ever need anything ... food , a place to stay , come to me , okay ?
i had a wonderful job and a nice place to stay .
we were supposed to have dinner at your place tomorrow night .
i know its only eight but how about finishing our evening at my place ?
luke thought as he drove his suv back to his place in lower brooklyn instead of staying at jesss .
he , uh , well , i have my own place .
the bathroom was as luxurious as the rest of the place with a large , glass - enclosed walk - in shower with nine shower heads , eight of them in the walls and all adjustable , a large sunken whirlpool bathtub , which had never been used , track lighting , and gleaming , deep brown marble everywhere .
he was not in a place he was comfortable with or ever found himself in .
i do have to work tomorrow , so i should be home in a couple of hours , but we could always go to your place , angel suggested , the words ripping from her chest almost against her will .
joplin was a nice place to grow up , but there is so much more that i d like him to see .
at least you have this place , becca said .
` ` my place is about four miles south of town .
he wandered into our place a few years back and never left . ''
after molly and i married we lived with her while i worked cattle drives saving money to buy my own place .
you sure got this place lookin ' spiffy .
no longer could she remain in the place that reminded her of her darling ty day in and day out .
if luke 's not goin ' with you , he can stay with me ' til you return or he can ride back to yer place tomorrow . ''
they ' ve been accommodating since tom 's death , but they sold their own place and need to move in . ''
at the park near my place ?
it had been ages since i d been to her place .
i tried to stroke his ego by asking , lucas , would it be okay for angie to come to my place tonight ?
what about your place ?
she lives somewhere that has loads , and i mean loads , of magical wards and spells protecting her place .
and you ca nt do this at your place because ?
so you and stella got this place to yourselves now ?
i was really just hoping to go straight to your place without a scenic wilderness detour .
we are going to my place , i said with a double lift of my eyebrows at her .
uninvited guest- claire extra vehicles crowded the driveway at my place when we returned from the zoo , so michael pulled up along the curb and cut the engine .
i ca n't even afford to rent a tiny one bedroom apartment , let alone a place big enough for three kids .
~~~ i fool an old lady out back of the neighbor ladys place , her name was miz macgillicuddy , and she was the cussediest old lady you ever did see , she was always shouting at us kids not to trample on her petunias , or walk on her grass , but most of all to keep my dog smelly away from her rabbits , smelly was a big ol black labdoor -- he got his name because even when he was a puppy after he d ate , he d let out these humongously smelly farts that drove everybody from the room , which is why we took to feeding him outside , and well , smelly liked to get into old miz macgillicuddy 's rabbits , which is what i was trying to get round to , which is that mrs . macgillicuddy used ta keep a regular rabbit hotel out back of her place , with the rabbit hutches stacked two and three high and forming a kind of a half circle with a tree stump in the middle .
~~~ i fool an old lady out back of the neighbor ladys place , her name was miz macgillicuddy , and she was the cussediest old lady you ever did see , she was always shouting at us kids not to trample on her petunias , or walk on her grass , but most of all to keep my dog smelly away from her rabbits , smelly was a big ol black labdoor -- he got his name because even when he was a puppy after he d ate , he d let out these humongously smelly farts that drove everybody from the room , which is why we took to feeding him outside , and well , smelly liked to get into old miz macgillicuddy 's rabbits , which is what i was trying to get round to , which is that mrs . macgillicuddy used ta keep a regular rabbit hotel out back of her place , with the rabbit hutches stacked two and three high and forming a kind of a half circle with a tree stump in the middle .
he d get apoplexy thinking about eating meat so we d stay at his place and eat tofu burgers which were nt as disgusting as you d think if you smothered ; em with barbecue sauce .
we d go out and sit on his front porch after well , afterwards , and we was naked as bluejays , rocking back an forth on his porch swing , quite a sight for the neighbors to see if he d had any neighbors , that is ; his place was out in the country , kinda .
but when he came into my life , it was like the magnolias caught fire and the road to his place was a highway to heaven .
after we stopped meeting at the waffle house , i d scoot around to his place .
so mostve the times , i jes run on down the road and sneak in at his place through the back way , and i dint mind much , anyway , that we dint go out at all .
we 'd drove back to his place an parked not too far from the house .
that d help me find a place out of the storm and i lit out for the highway .
when emily had inherited bewitchberry cottage from her godmother lucinda , shed been so excited that she and her daughter mia would finally have a place of their own , she had nt thought to consider all the expenses of home ownership .
she did nt mention the one oddity of the place , the tree in the back yard that made faint singing noises .
if you get tom to come to your place , you should take the opportunity when its right in front you , potion or not .
after emily dropped mia off at school , she drove back to the cottage , finding herself humming along with the radio and feeling happy , until she pulled in the driveway and noticed just how rundown the place looked .
even if she could nt give mia a home in the cottage , she could do things to make a new place more homelike , and cookies were a good way to start .
it does lock so i leave her while she s sleeping , then i make sure the rest of the place is ready .
the place is pretty empty , just a couple of bookshelves , the beaten leather sofas , a tiny flat - screen that i never watch .
we could meet at your place but you ve seen the vans .
i really would prefer to have my own place .
said you gave him a key in case he needed a place to crash .
` ` he 's taking her to my place . ''
your place is only a temporary home until marissa can find one of her own . ''
he 'd bailed at age sixteen , found a job , his own place , and dropped out of high school .
just a couple of weeks after the fire that destroyed brent 's house , gillie found the perfect place for them to live .
chad has a friend staying with him right now , so i need to stay at your place for a few weeks until my kitchen is completed .
she and jack had been married about a month , and although she had met some of his friends and business associates , she was anxious about having her friends and family and all of jacks friends and business colleagues in one place .
i packed my things and i m headed back over to my place .
be happy to , although , he did dodge her invitation to come back to her place to do just that as they finished dinner .
a place where he wascomfortable .
i called the place you ve been staying .
if not , after i get back ill spend a few days at your place , i offered .
once inside , he immediately put his bag down , and before he even glanced around at the place , he took his computer and suit coat from my hands , dropped them on the nearby sofa , and pulled me into his arms .
i had been so successful at my gathering of vintage furniture that i ended up renting a pods and had it delivered to roses house so i would have a place to keep everything safe and dry .
all i had to do now was start filling the place with my own things and all the treasures i had squirreled away in the pods , where they just waited for me and my moving assistants to unload them into the new place .
no doubt he had found another place to go , and so , it was then , even before i had reached home , that my memory of his mesmerist ways had begun to vanish into the heated breeze of the breathable thin air .
anyway , what s their place like ?
he d just have to find a job and a place to live .
she had no place to stay , except the name of a cheap rooming house in the middle of town where a friend told her one of her students once stayed .
i was ready when i could n't find a decent place to live and was staying in sublet apartments and rented rooms .
did you think the place would collapse because you were gone , her teen - age sister said .
sunnyside was his home and , even though the wallpaper was peeling and the carpets had been worn down to the hessian in places , it was the perfect place for him to live .
this was a place they had shared and would share again .
the ride to her place was quite eventful with her rubbing and kissing him all over in the back of the car .
you did nt change this place much , liama stated plainly .
she had to leave the kids at their place , and they 'd drive to wherever she wanted to go .
find another place to stay and if anyone tries to connect you to me , tell them they re mistaken .
these were the places where many human families lived before the pandemic .
we gave them a place to live after the virus failed to do its job .
even now with her living in the loft over the garage , he preferred to go to his dates place rather than bring them back here .
and right now you are looking for a place to escape the media speculation surrounding you but lack the financial resources or experience that would allow you to find a safe haven .
for the time being , robin seemed too disoriented to do more than obey instructions to stick with them on the walk to the apartment neil shared with colleaguesboth of whom , by the look of the place , had vacated without a worry for their missing roommate .
though it had surely been a pleasant little place , once upon a timeand still standing strong when he d first walked its roomsit now wore the years with weary forbearance .
call when you re done and well meet you back at my place .
you can take my bed and tomorrow well drop by your place on the way to the house .
what if joe buys our story and decides to fix the generators but keeps the place under lock and guard until its done ?
arriving somewhere so completely foreign , with no money , no place to stay , and not a soul to rescue you ?
she clung to the idea that said observation entailed nothing else , and she would at least have a place to sleep and meals provided until she could figure out how to get away .
after her dads death , home had been with neil until shed finished school and earned enough to move to the lovely old east side apartment so much like the place shed been raised .
susan has an old lantern at her place , but the cops are probably there now .
you do nt think they keep this place so clean ?
dr . chappell went out of his way to find you a place when no one else could take you in .
and he s got a place to stay , in the meantime .
and while were on the subject , i should probably confess i do nt keep a spotless place or cook much .
me hopes to get our own place when thy return , john promised , but sarah being attuned to him , knew he felt otherwise .
after alices confrontation , sarah felt even more despondent realizing that she just did nt lose rose , but more than likely a place to live for her and her children .
a place that had never really been her home but rather a prison , especially for the past few months .
she died here shortly before i happened on this village and was looking for a place to stay .
i m sure with a bit of time and money invested and some shopping in the next big town , this place would look totally different and suit you more .
well go get your things and set you up at my place .
stubbornly , she fought the invisible fetters tying her to another place she did nt belong to .
with the girl mostly sleeping over at her boyfriends place , she had the kitchen mostly to herself and poured all her hope into baking .
running her tongue over her dry lips , nadia offered hesitantly , i could take melody up to my place and attend to her wound , if you do nt mind .
yesterday evening when she had cast one of her furtive glances toward his place during her walk from the letter box to the staircase , she had seen melody standing at the window , gazing forlornly outside with a doll hugged close to her chest .
would you come to our place on sunday afternoon for a pseudo birthday party ?
obviously he considered her a nice or suitable enough person to invite to his place .
she might have had no love with wayne , but at least she would have had a nice place to live in , a high status in society , as much money as she wanted and no need for the daily struggle of finding and maintaining a job .
kip wants to move to a suburban place outside of the city , but i m not sure i m up for it .
but , mama needs to find work so that we can have a place to live .
we had a place to live , until you made daddy leave .
its too far for daddy to drive every day , so he s going to find a place closer to his work in california .
grace gad packed their favorite toys and clothes , but most of their lives had been left behind in a storage shed until they were able to get their own place .
i told mama and daddy i was going to the carnival at the church with ellen , but i met sam at our place instead .
she works her tail off around my place , you would nt think shed have so much time to find out other peoples business .
that was , if she had a place left to sleep .
we stopped at his place and he made me come in .
it was the only place she 'd ever known as home .
but it has been a little cramped at my dad 's place .
when he 'd told his dad that he was moving out to her place , his father had just smiled .
the small one - bedroom , one - bathroom place was all his for as long as he wanted .
alex and haley helped out with the horses and some of the chores around the place , but neither of them knew the extent of what she 'd put herself through .
the place needed a lot of repair .
over the last six years , she 'd chosen to put money into their joint checking account instead of doing what needed to be done to repair the old place .
hell , the small house he lived in at the edge of her property looked better cared for then her own place .
chase was just telling me he 's living out at your place now .
i heard you were having some work done out at your place today .
so i stopped by the bank the other day and pulled out some of that money you ' ve been saving under our names and did what you should have done years agostarted fixing the place up , from the top down .
lauren , you should have been using that money to fix the place up for the last six years .
two hours later , he and buddy left his dad 's place , both with smiles on their faces .
i ' ve seen your place , and it 's pretty clean .
it took almost two hours for him to get back to his place .
lauren , it 's not really my place .
come back to my place with me tonight .
as he walked back to his place , chase could n't stop comparing the man from last weekend with hewitt .
this whole place could use a makeover .
he reached the turn off towards his place , but at the last moment decided to head straight towards the big house instead .
when she drove up to his place , he was setting a large salad bowl on the picnic table .
slowly he made his way back to his place and showered and dressed for the night .
it was n't your place .
alex rushed into the house and slowly walked around the place .
after a few months , guilt settled in when she noticed how much her sister actually did around the place , and she started doing things without being told to .
it 's at my dad 's place .
i 'll give you a ride back to my place .
travis kept the place so dirty , that she 'd never even really stepped foot in it .
the dirty apartment was n't the only reason she had n't spent the night at his place .
the two story brick and vinyl sided house is the place i ve called home for the last nine years .
its only a few miles to my place , yegor suggested .
that means ill have a place to stay when i come back to visit .
how about you live with me at my grandfathers place ?
in the meantime , there would be lots of work to do painting , cleaning , carpeting ... matt wanted to make a few changes before moving in , so they d planned to work every day possible over at the new place .
well get together again at my place before you leave .
this place is amazing , melissa commented as she surveyed the living space .
guess the psycho locks up after he ransacks the place but does nt clean up after himself , she grumbled loudly .
the women teased her about cooking so she would get out of doing the dishes , and tom mentioned she had managed to dirty every pan in the place .
groceries , a place to stay , he smiled around his words , a kitchen to use .
i guess he s planning to sell this old place to get up some money for moms care .
we can go to my place again .
he worked tirelessly to fix it up , to make it a place she could feel safe and secure and loved .
a place where she was a failure and let people down .
a place where she was a killernot a rescuer .
my place is right down the street from here .
he realized then that this was the place he wanted to be , the place he belonged .
yes , he had the place to himself and he was glad .
i was n't the cleanest person on earth , or even in my old apartment , but this place was n't habitable to anyone except a bachelor and the undead .
the place was scrubbed and dusted , and when he crawled out of the box after sunset he was amazed at the drastic change , or that 's what i hoped for .
he actually just stared around the place for all of three seconds and strode over to the door .
i thought people who filed bankruptcy , like you say my husband did , at least got to have a place to live .
my kids and i are here in conyerville at the bus station and we need a place to stay for a couple of days .
regardless , they needed a place to stay for the night , and with money in very short supply at this point , charity was becoming the answer .
finding the night super , angie costello , laura told her their plight , how they were virtually penniless with no place to stay and a relative that had turned them down .
yes , she is , but i could nt get her husband to understand we were pretty bad off when we got here on the bus yesterday and needed a place to stay .
alice would watch the kids while laura had her business meeting ; in fact , alice , who almost never cooked for herself , had promised them supper at her place when that time arrived .
your mother has a lot to think about yet tonight ; and laura , if i had to vote , even without knowing the whole deal , i d hire you in a second just for the life you and the kids bring to this place .
i do remember seeing an allowance figure in the hiring proposal if i decided to stay elsewhere , but if the cottage is anything like the rest of the place , why would i ?
i mean , we were sitting there in the shelter virtually abandoned by life and you two show up like angels of mercy , and now we have a stack of new clothes , i have a job i think i m going to love , and we have a great place to live .
you gave me a place to go when i had no place to go , and i would like to repay you at least a little .
you gave me a place to go when i had no place to go , and i would like to repay you at least a little .
he wanted so badly to ask this woman out to his place , but he thought it might be awkward with franz around , and he just could nt ask franz to stay away .
how about this : we both take the plunge , and invite them out to our place for pizza and beer tomorrow afternoon ?
with no place to turn , she was in the shelter where at least she could find food and a roof for her baby , but not a lot of hope .
now , i need to get back to my place and put some serious thought into my future out in the wide world .
its my day off and i ve sort of been looking for anything to do but clean this place .
got some good stuff at my place .
one thing for sure , she felt more at home here than she had felt at any other place in her adult life , with the sole exception of her own parents home ; even there , she realized that being in ryans consciousness was more important than her physical surroundings .
i think you need to at least let her know how big a part of this place she has become ; that would only be fair , marriage or not .
we do nt want your mom to yell at us for messing the place up .
doris and marie , and their husbands , had been there since sun - up , and the housekeeping staff on duty had rounds assigned to keep the place looking good at all times .
this is my place too and i want it to be right .
this place was nt meant to be a house ; it was meant to be a home , and i do nt mean just jack and amanda either , if you get my drift .
so , we could afford a bigger place to live , for the kids , you know , and just in case .
i think we can live in a bigger place , but remember , that was one of my tasks , and i m working on it as we speak .
every single thing was perfectly arranged , and the dcor and immaculate design elements gave the house character ; the whole place was sleek and stylish to the core .
could anyones life be so bad that this place would be considered an improvement ?
he still did n't even have a place to stay in town , and had n't intended to stay .
it was n't a lie ; he still had to find a place to stay .
he had n't mentioned going over to his place again and she had n't brought it up either .
i sent seth a text and offered to pick him up ; silly to drive two cars when i went right by his place .
i went by my place at lunch and turned the alarm system off .
i have to get you to my place and make sure he did n't do more damage than we realize . ''
you should probably stay at your own place tomorrow .
i have to clean this place up , arrange the furniture , make sure my deliveries are on schedule , hook up the cash register , make sure the debit card and credit links work there s so much potential for things to go wrong .
look , i know you re not completely comfortable at my place .
you want me to take you to my place ?
you re going to let me help decorate your place , right ?
of course , it was nothing compared to the spacious place he called home but somehow he did nt miss the swimming pool , big screen televisions , or all of the other modern amenities he d grown accustomed to .
jacob , have you ever considered leaving this place ?
` ` there a place to stay around here ? ''
* * * i emerged from the wooded area along the creek behind the whitaker place just as jason 's jeep turned into the driveway .
` ` or , she 's been putting out and he 's tired of itshe is shacking up at his place . ''
when i got to the house i drove around back incase the caretaker was keeping an eye on the place like before .
` ` i ' m very thankful for your generosity , for helping me try to fit in at school , for taking me in when i had no place to go , but we all know i do n't belong here . ''
with cathy 's help , i was able to convince her mom that everything was cool , that i had a place to stay and that melanie was more than old enough to be responsible for me .
melanie and i had agreed to stay at her place , since neither of us was absolutely certain that the faulkner house on lambs knoll was n't being watched .
i 'll race you back to your place . ''
` ` i ' m sure we could make room if your family needs a place to stay for a few days . ''
and they had lived in a lot of different places , always searching and never finding a place to call home .
abby called the woman she had met at the car shop the next day and asked her to send pictures of their place .
petya would undoubtedly spend all afternoon lying on her bed staring at the ceiling with her hands behind her head , so she had the whole place to herself .
just book a cleaning firm to come and muck the whole place out before your mother arrives .
and that place of yours is huge ; you ' ve got twenty - five bedrooms dammit .
she did nt want to have to find a new place , large down payment or not .
all leslie had to do was shop for a new place .
other than her house back in pittsburgh where shed raised her family , this was the only place in the world that gave her a sense of home .
i wo nt have a spot for them in my new place , i do nt know about you .
she did nt have a place to stay .
she had nt gone through the work of house hunting , of deciding on a new permanent place , of buying a new property .
jasmine will need a place to stay when she comes home from college .
tim will pick her up from the airport and shell stay at his place for about three days , then shell drive down here for a little beach time .
the only thing left on her list was to remedy the housing situation find a more permanent place to live .
my semester starts next week so i m glad i have a few days to spend with her , see her new place , her new job , her new m leslie nudged her .
i need a place to live , so i think i m trying to force - fit it .
i 'd like to see your place anyway . ''
` ` okay , i 'll let you know when i leave my parents ' place but i should be able to make it by then . ''
it was the only place she could be without doubts about her uncertain future .
drive that damned truck of yours over to his place , load up his shit and him , and bring him home , girl .
by the way , if she calls here looking for us , tell her i m taking todd to my place for the night .
judy and i are going to fix this place up just like when it was new .
but she 's tired of it , so after we 're married she 'll stay at home and help fix this place up and have babies . ''
i returned home to my dad 's place , the legendary cresswell tennis academy in santa monica , every spring break , and not once had i found a guy remotely ' scope - worthy .
she did n't knock , just barged into my room like she owned the place .
why does nt he ever invite me to his place ?
and , now that its eleven - thirty and i m sitting in the car outside his place .
` ` alec said he 'd take a run into town and drive it back to your place . ''
i mean it had been a really weird couple of days , but alec assured me that the security around the place had been upped , meaning even my place had cameras around .
they spent the night togetherat her place .
on saturday morning , she told him she and her roommate were moving to another place in the next town .
i would nt be surprised if he went back there since he needs a place to stay .
he d simply broken up with his girlfriend and needed a place to stay .
he d just moved out of lorettasthey were on the outs at the timeand he needed a place to stay .
seems some gal , who claims to be a counselor from one of the local camps , stopped by their place looking for harriet this morning .
they gave us our own place , which was nice .
the rodeo concluded and annie headed back to her place .
after dinner he d drop diana off at her place then head north toward home .
and dinner tonight at our place ?
by five oclock that afternoon and no word from him , she decided to gather her courage and drive to his place .
you re going to let me explain what was going on at my place , then were going to talk it through .
sorry about the mess , i said as i unlocked the door and held it open for allie , thankful that the place was just cluttered , and not actually dirty .
then i d have to hurt that someone , which would lead to me losing my job , then my apartment , and though there were much more serious concerns regarding my theoretical eviction , all i could think of as i slid down that slippery slope was that with no place to live , i d have no place to lay allie down and take off her clothes , and touch her , and taste her , and tease her , and make her cry out my name i sat up , trying to hide the heaviest , most demanding erection i d ever had in my life .
my brain jumps to the millions of projects it would take to make a place like this look new .
if this place is n't fancy by helen 's standards she is probably used to dining at buckingham palace .
` ` sneak away to my place . ''
` ` i was at rex 's place . ''
i figure that leah might as well know the real reason i am staying the night at her place .
you ll come over to my place tomorrow at nine for breakfast ?
my place is maybe fifteen square feet bigger than this , he chuckles .
the firefighters talk to people a while longer , but now everyone is on their phones , calling for a place to crash tonight .
i saw on the news there was a fire and i could see the smoke from my place .
you can stay at my place , he says quietly .
i remember back to what feels like forever ago , drake saying his place was only barely bigger than mine , and it is .
her apartment got smoked out so were giving her a place to spend the night till she can go home .
i should have gone over to her place .
then we can swing by my place and i can grab something fresh to wear ?
on sunday , drake , armando , anthony , and i all have dinner at my place .
and drake stays at my place every night and day for the next week .
it ll have to go to your place , i say as my fingers knot in his hair .
if there s a phone , its at his place or he tossed it somewhere else .
i m going to sweep and mop this place until it sparkles !
she had to find a place to stay so that she could take her cats out of the pet carrier .
ill have to figure out how you can make the rent payments on this place later rosalie dialed carries cell phone number and the goth witch immediately picked up .
this place should have been rented out to someone else by now , or turned back into a normal hotel suite .
ill pick you up at your place at nine oclock tomorrow morning .
blakes plan had been to invite his band mates over to his place to practice after he had caught his parents murderer .
it really surprised me when you told me this was your place now devons lips thinned into a grim line .
well , you never let your friends come over to your place soi was just curious .
ro fainted during practice and i decided to bring her back to my place since its closest to the studio .
i just wanted to invite you both to the christmas party devon and i are hosting back at his place .
the three heavy metal rockstars entered devons apartment as if they owned the place hey darling , sadie said in a singsong voice .
melissa lets get this to go scott , you re going to shoot me , but i ca nt tonight come back to my place with me .
come back to my place in avila tonight ?
she and scott had managed to stay either at her place in san luis or his condo in avila practically every night .
well , he really liked melissa and would help them out somehow * * * that night they stayed at her place in san luis .
at your place preferably he could tell she meant it and started wearily for the door .
yeah , i guess i was making too much noise cooking for him , cleaning the place , washing his clothes , listening to him , visiting his sick father , helping his distraught sisters and sleeping with him every damn night it must have been the sleeping it had to be the sleeping because it sure was nt the sex we have nt had any since walt had his heart attack .
do nt hound her on the phone or show up at her place all the time though .
once she noted that my brother was black , and my sister - in - law was a blonde - headed white girl , the woman examined my nieces safe place ( because i have a gut feeling she s a she ) .
well , i ve been living at your place .
i knew it was nt my place , but i followed her up the rickety stairs .
after i packed up my belongings , i biked to julians , intent on staying at his place .
then well go back to my place and have the best hot monkey sex we ve ever had .
there are some things in the cabinets , a few cleaning items under the sink , and the refrigerator is stocked with the basic items you might expect , jim reported after using his time to look over the place when keely excused herself to use the bathroom .
her mailed packages were not supposed to start arriving until the next day , so she took care of unpacking the small bag she had with her while noticing that someone ( probably hannah ) had arranged to have someone come over and air out the place on top of doing some dusting .
i have nt asked about how your fall semester is going or if you always feel like its a major transition when you go back and forth between your grandmothers place and the college .
the fat , laughing baby slapping his hands against the water in the tub so that sprays of droplets exploded all over the place .
he has people watching your place in n.y . , waiting for you to show up there with bubba .
lash wanted to pick up a few things from his place .
before she could relax though , flossie continued , you bring your skinny butt over to my place soon as you get off duty and get the damn thing outta my garage .
melody actually looked disappointed at not getting to stay in her own place , but was wise enough to know that the bare apartment would be pretty uncomfortable .
tuck was starting to get tired of the depression everywhere he went , this was his place and he did nt want this feeling to be here as well .
frowning he looked around , you need a bigger place , he blurted out before thinking .
back at our place .
you guys will trash this place .
in june , i moved into my brothers place in the quaint river village of stillwater beautiful , small , and fairly close to the tv station in st . paul and worked my ass off for three months .
there was some fucked up stuff going down at his place on the ridge when he was still with the wild .
lets just say , if i knew you were a pervy old man who beckoned young women to his home to get his freak on , i would ve reconsidered riding by your place .
there was a very good possibility that i was going to have to drop the classes and lose my deposit because i could n't manage the commute from my grandparents ' place everyday .
* * * i took him back to my place .
and then i took him back to my place .
he also did n't seem to notice that he was at my place .
honestly , i did n't have any memory of the first night i spent at her place .
i could stay with my parents for a while as i interviewed , but i had no car , no apartment , no furniture , just getting started in a new place was going to bury me all over again .
i could have stayed away from her place , but i needed to feel her in my arms .
caroline slipped her hands through the silky canopy cloaking the bed as she remembered the last time she 'd seen this place .
i ' ve had my own place for a few years now .
meet me at my place at six . ''
` ` he 's having you over for dinner at his place ?
a few times , they ate at his parents ' house , but mostly they went to restaurants , or he came to her place .
cade was n't sure , and caroline did n't offer any clue to why she 'd broken down crying when she first got to his place .
i mean you 're welcome to come to my place and sleep in my bed , and i 'll sleep on my couch . ''
` ` sir , if caroline is n't comfortable staying at my place , i could stay here in the same room i slept in last night . ''
cade at his place , and caroline in her room .
i have no idea how i ' m going to leave you and this place . ''
here , take my key , you can stay at my place until you get hitched .
i 'll stay with you at your place until the wedding , and i will proudly wear the stunning bridal gown you make especially for me .
she 's staying at my place until the wedding , and i ' m supposed to drive her car back to chicago . ''
for the first time in four years she was finally in a place she wanted to call home .
instead , he decided to find a temporary place to sleep for the night .
the apartment building was nice , but the only reason she was able to afford such a nice place was because of the prize money shed gotten from winning those tennis tournaments .
but first he needed a place to stay .
did you find a place to stay ?
you all gave me food , shelter , and a place to stay when i had nothing .
i want this place swept , mopped and dusted until it sparkles !
i think if you were in the kitchen this place would improve , not suffer .
she would never forget the feeling of being kicked out of her own home , of feeling so alone , so helpless with no place to go and no money .
i thought this place could use a renovation .
you have a place ?
my place is upstairs .
i wrinkle my nose at the word luxury , remembering the splendor of bulls place .
ill be at your place in fifteen minutes .
why ca nt you my place does nt allow pets , phelps argued .
he d carved out a place for himself there .
honestly , this place is laid out like an unfinished jigsaw puzzle .
lets get you home , i have taken out in the car and if you do nt mind , i will work from your place this evening .
their place was on the small side to say the least , but no one minded , we were back together again , a real family .
` ` sir , do you mind if izzy rides with me back to my place ? ''
` ` i need a place to stay , i ca n't go home , not after this afternoon . ''
i 'll get it tomorrow after school and meet you at your place with all five pints . ''
apartment 310 was his place .
tell him you met a girl and will be staying over at her place .
i can be at your place in twenty minutes .
it may not be all ritzy with expensive junk , but its my place .
in the rented vehicle , he gave valeria a quick tour before heading to his parents ' place .
afterwards , he had stayed out all night , checking out the night scene with his friends until he was so exhausted that he stayed over at their place .
he drove us to his place in silence and we made it all the way to his apartment before either of us said a word .
` ` i wonder why your place was n't . ''
its no secret you have a place up there , you know .
i ve made some calls and a team is on their way to check your place to see what they can find .
well in the meantime , you ll stay here until we decide when its safe for you to go back to your place .
were installing a more sophisticated surveillance system at your place .
so how did my place look ?
perhaps , plus your place is out of the way .
i m sure it must be nice to have him around , especially out at your place .
ill have to stay the night at my place down there .
we need to get a place for the night , which means renting a car , but well have to go through customs first .
i know a place we can stay , he said .
i love how you ve maintained a sense of tradition and culture with your place .
janet and i need a place to stay , but not with you or anyone else i know .
you think someones watching your place ?
we do think you were being followed by someone else last night so we kept an eye on your place overnight and decided to knock on your door this morning just to be sure everything was okay .
i know what you re thinking , and i can explain what happened at your uncles place , but right now we need to make a call .
okay , the day you all bugged out of your uncles place , he was out doing his job .
ill drive and get us a place to stay tonight .
give him call and tell him i recommended his place .
i would have died for a place like this to grow up in .
i had a hard time taking my eyes off the house and imagining what it would be like to live in a place like that .
i ve shown them since that i have no interest in ruining this place , its perfect like it is .
my moms in a place out in scarsdale so i thought maybe i d look out there for a job and a placeim looking for a fresh start , you know ?
its a family place , but a nicer one .
i d saved enough money from my weekly pay that i should be able to get a place and pay for the first two months .
holly and i helped her get set up in her own place and not long after that , we heard a rumor that she was dating none other than grumpy old joe .
mom and dad have this place locked up like fort knox .
her living room was bigger than the one at mamas and my place .
the only place ty goes in the north shore is his job at the country club .
my place used to be the spot to be for sleepovers in my neighborhood .
the place looked massive from the end of the driveway ; up close i felt like a little ant in its shadow .
i hoped shed state some place off in timbuktu , but that thought fizzled when she said , northwestern .
someone so beautiful should nt have to live in such a place when someone as hideous as my father lived in luxury .
i m sure you did nt log my place in before you left , right ?
logan and i are actually planning to host a party during move - in week to break the place in .
something happened to lacey at my place and not coming down here was nt an option .
lacey is needed at my place , i guess .
derrick and his friends will get it when they come back from my new place for the next load of stuff .
i only lived in this new house for a short while over the summer , but the place had enough horrible memories that would nt see me back anytime soon .
i d rent my own place over the summer breaks , and my parents would be lucky to see me during the holidays .
epilogue lacey lacey , wait until you see drakes place .
his place was a little smaller than mine , pre - furnished as well with floral printed furniture and white wooden siding that matched the tables and chairs .
i want to see your place , he said , slowly prowling toward me .
she s back at my place for the rest of the evening .
those scenes usually ended up at his place in his bedroom .
after your cast party , stop by my place .
they socialized a lot with people from her work and afterwards phoenix usually came back to her place and they had sex .
then they d have a drink or two together and he d go back to his place and his life .
then they d have some champagne and come back to her place .
i was on my way from the clinic to your place when susan called , he managed to say before she threw herself into his arms .
shaun came over after he left your place .
i ve been thinking that once you get checked out of this place , you should move in with me .
* * * mike and i were at shauns apartment , starting to pack up some of his things to start moving them into my place .
jon and i will meet you back at your place , harleigh .
luckily shaun was over at my place .
but as shaun started driving , i realized we were heading in the opposite direction from our place .
my thoughts are all over the place with worry about the kids , tess , penelope , and dariya .
i 'll be here for two weeks looking for a place to live .
suzie said he should check to see if the place was dirty and what not .
her place was like a closet compared to this light filled room .
` ` i do n't know how she can afford this place . ''
she had to know if she left the house to autumn , summer and abby would always have a place to go .
it was too much like the places they d lived before her mother died and gran took them in .
unlike the stately homes nestled on the tree - lined streets in the older part of town or the few plantation houses like the one he d grown up in that stood while the town spread around them like live oaks , the maddox place was a little jewelry box of a house .
she told herself that freshening the place up was a good idea even if she did nt stay in town .
daddy had been too busy working to support them and loving momma to build much of anything , but it had given them a place to hang out .
but we already have a place to live .
getting off the bus , i stared up at my twenty - story building and i wondered what it would be like to work in a place with windows .
it was more house than i needed , and even after putting two hundred thousand dollars down , the monthly mortgage payment was way more than i wanted to spend on a place to live .
just like i did , she had a place to go where she was welcomed unconditionally .
i want to know if i can live here until the house in pawling sells and i can buy a place in charleston .
we had a few drinks together and went back to my place .
you said she spent the night at your place .
we went back to my place that night because i wanted him to look at some blueprints for a parking garage and we ended up drinking ourselves silly .
i meanlooking at you , i would hardly think you could afford a highbrow place as nice as haggerty house .
no mansion , but it was worlds above his place .
like ruth , mom was at home , in the beautiful place she and dad had bought about four years ago , when he d retired .
tullys mom had said she could bring her friends back to her place , but that would nt be happening now .
he saw something change in her face , a dawning realization that she would have this place all to herself .
in tullys world , the financial behind - the - scenes of hollywood , there was only one reason why most men sought a divorcetheyd found a newer and younger modelbut this was marietta , montana , not beautiful downtown burbank , and this apartment over ren fletchers law office did nt look like the place a man moved to when he was having a hot , ongoing affair .
i thought i d take a route past your place on my run and stop in , but now here you are .
the apartment looked like a place ren had enjoyed working on making attractive , but there was still the exercise bike in front of the tv with gym clothes hanging over it , making the atmosphere very human and familiar to tully as she entered .
will you stop in at our place , please , for a takeout fried chicken dinner from the diner ?
i ran into ren while i was jogging and we got talking and ended up at his place for a bit .
thanks , that s very nice of you , but tully and i are going back to my place , he said .
they d have dinner or a movie or just a rendezvous at his place , where they always ended up in bed .
he d left the place in a level of mess that ruth would never have tolerated , and he wished he d found time to put a few things away this morning .
i do nt want to lose this when its so good , but were coming from such different places , what choice do we have ?
she did nt have her own car here at his place , and even in a town like marietta she would nt much like walking home on her own at this hour .
it was such a short journey from his place to hers that she was in and out of the car before it even had time to warm up .
there was a for sale sign out front , which ren knew had been there for a month now , and she must be working hard to keep the place looking this perfect .
does he want to check into the hotel and freshen up a little , have some time to catch his breath , or are we taking him direct to your place ?
this was nice , so good , all these half - nights at his place , the meals together , the jogging , the laughs , the sense of connection and of putting right a miss - step from long ago , but it was temporary , convenient , good timing for both of them .
later henis parents and eliza came round to their place and they solved their disagreements too , they were taking photos with them about each other , then talking in the living - room together .
there is nt , of course , unless he would like to return to his own place , something unlikely since he has no idea where it is .
no , in searching for the living place of x , i hope to find it .
if she did nt find a new job in the next month or so , she would nt even have a place to live .
he d brought kit over to his place , a larger , craftsman style home , figuring any curses would have a harder time finding her there .
oh , i accidentally set his place on fire too , i mumbled .
it must have been pretty at one point , but now it made the place look dated .
i wanted to settle down , find a nice place to say longer than a few days or weeks and stay putjust stay .
if nate was serious about us moving into a new place , i hoped he was taking notes of all the features that would be required to get me out of my apartment .
if it was , i planned on moving to a place where all i had to do was meditate all day .
i d considered letting nate have a place to stay long - term as something that would get me nominated for sainthood , and adding a little more goodwill would nt hurt .
that did nt give nate and me a lot of time for us to find a new place .
its a surprise and kind of a house warming gift for when you get your new place , he replied .
at the apartment , rick dropped us off and then yelled out the window , after you re done hunting for a new place tomorrow , give me a call or just stop on by and ill get you your present .
how soon do you think we can find a new place ?
i liked the idea of not having to pay rent , and if it was really a place from my past , more memories were bound to crop up .
it was like he d never lived here or owned this place .
shed been married sixteen years and he left her this place .
my wife simona , had her work cut out for her , then the kids came , running my place i thought yer mama cared for you well , and as much as i hate to say it , my brother and i were never that close .
and that was when an old man in a pickup shot past my sisters place , screeched to a halt , and hammered a handwritten sign into the ground .
i see you put your place up for sale .
her gaze continued to take in the nuances of the space around her , and she realized with surprise that beyond the actual house itself , he had nt done much with the place .
she bought her own place a couple months ago .
you re not suggesting i did nt mention it because i figured the idea of your place being haunted would send you running back home to new york city .
as he kissed her cheeks , her lips , her hair , he said , i went to your place .
she stared into the line of shops where , up on the second floor , she and mauricio had once taken latin dance lessons for six weeks , every wednesday night , and then they 'd go back to his place where she 'd spend the night .
only it was n't the dingy basement apartment she shared now with her mother , but the place they 'd bought just a few months before her father had left them .
` ` the place you go when you have no place else to be .
unlike when they 'd gone to mauricio 's apartment or her own living room at her mother 's house , both places she 'd felt entitled to barge in due to her relationship with the tenants , here she felt uninvited .
if the sagging bed in the corner of the room was any indication , it looked as if the place had been reduced , at some time in the past , to having become something of a young - lovers make - out base or a shelter for homeless tramps .
i want somewhere that children can run around the place and not be too concerned if something gets broken .
darcy , who had introduced halley to the chocolatier and had been present , at chantelles smiling request , during the short interview , -little of which she had understood as it had been conducted in french- had immediately added her own offer for halley to stay with her at the stable cottage until she had her own place .
she had been on the point of suggesting that they change places , with mother and daughter moving into her bedroom but knew that was nt an ideal solution either .
the front doorway of the cottage would look much nicer , she thought , with the addition of some plants and one of these to either side of the door would make the little place look more lived - in and charmingly countrified rather than the slightly dishevelled appearance that it currently exhibited .
i mean she still ca nt drink or anything , but at least she wo nt be bored at her place by herself .
she did nt realize some of the things she said came out just plain dirty , and if i was drinking at that moment , i would have been at her place in seconds .
tyler : i might take cale up on that free dinner at your place .
i m in love with this place already , she gushed , her eyes flickering from the wrap - around porch to the grey shade of brick that the house was made out of .
i secretly wished i could kick the guys out so we could have the place for ourselves .
retreating back to my bedroom after we dropped bryn off at her place , i was now staring at the very last of my pain medicine the doctor had prescribed .
i think maybe after this tour i might try and find a place of my own , i told him .
but i m probably going to start looking for another place after the tour gets over with .
i called out , the thought of someone breaking into my place in the back of my mind .
just got done helping lucy move out of her place .
i was surprised to hear she was finally moving out of that place .
i had enough money now so i got a nice 3 bedroom house not too far from cales moms place .
we d lived in three separate places together and i always tried to keep our sleeping spaces separate , but eventually i found him sleeping next to me .
i wondered again if kyle had room at his place .
i figured by the time you and nate get married this resurrection alaska will be the new bermuda and you ll need a nice place to stay .
i have a place in the mountains .
calling peter at three in the morning to pick us up and find a place to stay .
i m coming to your place then , johnnie insisted .
johnnie knew he was at home , the only place meant for rick .
` ` we going to your place ? ''
but a lot of howls were heard in the woods around ewan 's place , and not just on the nights of a full moon , either .
bridge to your place is closed .
she lived up the road from my parent 's place . ''
she had no clue how big or beautiful the place was , until she saw his bedroom in the morning light .
how long would she have a place to stay ?
yes , of course , when we marry , we 'll find an appropriate place for her to live .
thank you ... thank you for saying that ... i- i just ... it 's not that i do n't appreciate the place to stay and the clothes ... i appreciate it all .
two days ago , she took that problem right out of my hands when she showed up at my place and told me it was over .
i needed a place to crash , he mutters .
i do nt want to talk about this , because talking about it is going to make me think more than i want to about why liz is so bent on defending him and why he d come here , of all places , when he needed a place to crash .
when the training started up , it would be nice for my exhausted students to have a place to crash .
i m just grateful to finally have a place to belong .
we roomed together for the first two years and then i d gotten my own place .
when i got to her place and she opened the door , i literally felt my heart jump up into my throat .
the bathroom was as neat as the rest of the place with her lotions and body sprays and female things arranged neatly on a shelf above the counter .
he had been spending most of his time at my place anyway .
nothing bad is going to happen in a place with eight - hundred thread count sheets .
i m grateful for the place to sleep last night , she says , and for the rescue , but i do have a home of my own to get back to .
you ve been sleepwalking around the place all morning , she says with a sympathetic look .
rescuing me from the club , offering me a place to stay , tending to my bruised wrists and washing my hair like i was the most important person in the world .
going to her place was all i d come up with .
i d had the urge to drive over to his place and smack some shit into him every time shed mentioned what a dick he was .
were having a party at our place after this , kyle said .
there was no reason why the place would suddenly smell like kerosene .
we converted an unused storefront to meet our needs , because keeping warlocks in a place we could call home was a rather stupid idea .
you say ya found it near your place ? ''
` ` closer to his place . ''
the place was incredibly neat and organized .
he drove his corvette to a flower shop to get rachel some flowers before he went to pick her up at her place .
in a haze of lust , passion and chocolate , carmen had taken raphael back to her place and they d made love .
shed somehow managed to snag archangel raphael and was currently driving him back to her place in her sexy red convertible .
no needbut if you want to make me feel better how about we go back to your place ?
she told me she was going to own her own place within ten years .
when we had finished looking over the place , i brought them into the main room where the table was set for lunch .
its time for me to get on with my life and decide how i can hold onto this place and make a living .
he has our place all figured out but he never mentioned a mans place ?
he has our place all figured out but he never mentioned a mans place ?
christopher asked me if i wanted to go to his place again for the night and i told him to come and pick me up later in the afternoon .
suzan left me at my place and i saw tonys rented car parked outside .
i know how good home is , but to her it is a strange place and placing his hand on mine , jake , the best thing for her may be to get to a place that has no history and is fresh from the incident we saw and the people who make her feel so despondent and cut off from her own life .
i want to stay , this is the first place i have felt good in a long time , the first place i have felt safe in since what happened with dad .
i will not leave the family i created on this plane , the children i still need to know , the family members i must rediscover and i will not leave the world of souls fighting for a place to struggle on their own with no champions , no help .
after driving around for ten minutes i ' m lucky enough to catch someone pulling out of their space two brownstones down from chris 's place .
it comes with part of the job description of a live - in nanny , but half the time she stays at her place .
meet me at my place in twenty and i 'll make it up to you .
we could go back to my place , but i need to be inside her now and the drive is way too long to accommodate my needs .
our friendship started out rough , but he gave me a place to stay and helped me get back on my feet .
we caught a quick dinner at a seafood joint , took in a movie , then headed back to my place , and of course to my bed ; a place where , eight hours later , we still laid ensconced between my sleek satin sheets .
we caught a quick dinner at a seafood joint , took in a movie , then headed back to my place , and of course to my bed ; a place where , eight hours later , we still laid ensconced between my sleek satin sheets .
so she fussed and tidied and tried hard to make the place look like a normal home .
then , after shed cleaned and vacuumed and polished the windows and let a bit of fresh air into the place , she went into the bathroom and had a shower .
he had made a booking at a great little restaurant conveniently near to his place .
heck , he even said she could move into his place if they could find a solution that would nt hurt the children .
my place is two streets away , he said , trying to slide his arm around her again .
what dyou think its going to be like at your place ?
it ll be fantastic at my place .
come back to my place .
if you think i m going back to your place with you in that state , you ve got another thing coming .
he could nt imagine how it would feel if his own father lived in a place like this .
unless it was back to his place what s the matter ?
his place shed never been to his place before .
his place shed never been to his place before .
she was walking around the flat liked she owned the place picking up things from the coffee table and moving them into the kitchen .
and this place was like a second home to my mother .
they arrived at his parents place , and robbie drove his silver rover through the ivy clad gates that said chanson damour .
i really got a work out from cleaning up the place because i had started to perspire .
your place is nice .
we could stay at my dads place .
no , you can stay at your dads place .
as soon as the doctors give you the okay , butler will see to it that you stay at his place to recover .
but i have no place to stay .
if you re more comfortable with me coming to your place , i can .
i was thinking we could go out to dinner on wednesday and maybe cook at my place on thursday .
lennie , you remember that night i was at your place for dinner ?
she was happy to discover a little used book store only a couple of blocks away from her dads place .
the lot came up for sale at just the time when i was beginning to look for a new place .
okay , lets walk back to my dads place , she said .
okay , how about we stop at your place and change .
well , did you pounce on him later when you got back to your place ?
okay , i will pick them up and see you at my place .
would you like for me to pick you up at your place , take you to dinner and then a movie ?
the place was barren : no pictures , no curtains , no homey signs that human beings actually lived there .
jake walked along the gravel driveway toward the place he now called home .
we did n't get back to my place until after 9 o'clock and i invited both gregory and amy up for some wine .
` ` i can bring him over to your place '' , he replied .
his grandma dorothy died in the winter of his junior year in high school and the following summer his dad and uncle decided to fix up the old place and see what they could sell it for .
it started with after work coffeehouse excursions and progressed to late dinners and even later nights at his place .
the taxi ride back to her place is deathly silent .
so we decided that from my place we would just hop on a clark street bus and head north until we saw a restaurant that fit the bill .
so even though he came back to my place for a late night coffee before heading home , i was still left with an empty hollow feeling in the pit of my stomach .
after pops we walked hand - in - hand back to my place .
after arriving back at my place the rest of the evening is a blur .
amy got to my place around 10 am , and after a quick cup of coffee i was ready to become un - stupefied .
she 's having her condo painted and because she 's allergic to the fumes she asked if she could stay here for a week or two until the place is completely aired out .
let 's go by your place and get you some canvas shoes . ''
` ` i do n't want to go by my place .
bud let out a sigh before he said , ` ` and , now you have to give me directions to your place . ''
you have n't been to my place yet .
cass pictured what the place must have looked like when bud 's retired grandparents lived in it .
cass , your folks can even stay at my place , if that 's comfortable for everyone . ''
david could n't bear to have you see how scruffy our place had been looking .
` ` your place could n't be any lovelier , '' cass said .
did the money he made stealing my legacy buy this place for him .
i should get my own place , i know .
it was nt a place they d shared in common , but given how much he went over the summer and the glow he had when he returned , she knew it must have been special to him .
nate and i are having a party at our place in the city on the fourth of july .
what do you say you and i head back to my place ?
lets go back to my place now and ill try to convince you .
kira had the growing sensation that it was his house , or more precisely the place where he d sequestered her .
oh , and if you ever want to sell your place in newton and move here , we d love having a neighbor .
then i saw you at the boardroom together and at his place .
welcome to my place , ian said , opening the door .
you have a nice place , lucky to be here right here on the beach .
we could stay here at my place , take a dawnie , and then i could bring you to your house to get your car .
or we could go back to your place , perform a sance , and drive the spooks away .
unfortunately , her new place would be on the east and not the west coast , she thought dismally .
i assumed they had places to visit and things to buy , so i hoped they d be willing to help us out .
those merchants did get the joy of dealing with dozens of hungry men and women who needed places to sleep , so we did add a little something to the local economy .
having him there in her new place and breathing his intoxicating scent made her forget how he d left her so abruptly , and when shed needed him most .
new bedding , new clothes and a nice new place to live were , well , nice .
she would have killed for two when she and her mother had lived at carls place before they d moved to herald falls .
we pick this place apart home by home .
i 'd been there a few times , although usually we hung out at my place because it was bigger .
i ' ve been home eating cheetos and drinking wine since i left your place yesterday .
` ` we have to go back to my place , '' cain said , leaning forward to pick me up .
difficulty surrounded the long distance , but they 'd both committed to making the weekend trips and phone calls work until they could get married and find a place to live that split the distance .
afterward they grabbed chinese take - out and spent the evening at his place watching television and playing games .
saturday night they had kyle and kate over to her place for dinner .
since she and her sister had made amends , they had agreed it would be best if she and tessa would move into her place until kim could find a job .
` ` as for dinner at your place , i ' m okay with that .
i need to have my own place , pay my own way , and come and go as i please . ''
after a lifetime of feeling out of sync with the world , she was now somewhere she felt comfortable , a place she alone fit into .
i ' m going to stay there until i can find a place of my own .
so she did n't nag him about when she would meet his parents , or when they would find a place of their own , or indeed what they would do down the line .
it took her four days to find a place to live and work .
there were places where the children were spoiled with every possession possible and still were not content .
rigger loved the playschool , and nobody ever knew that he arrived there two hours before the other children while his mother cleaned and polished and got the place ready for the day .
he wondered had she relations around the place ?
she sat washing herself by the small range , giving the place an air of domesticity .
and if you do decide to come and work with me , we 'll find you a place of your own .
the answers were deeply unsatisfactory and seemed to centre around going to a lot of race meetings and popping down to foxy 's sister 's place in spain .
' i hear you have your own place , ' he said .
he was always telling them that this was a great part of the world and one day , when he had enough money , he would go back there and buy himself a little place .
he lived in a room over a laundromat and cleaned the place each morning instead of paying rent .
she thought they should move into a place of their own and set up their own fast - food business .
they think it 's a bit fast to have my own place to live .
it was hard to find the perfect place to live , but even harder to conceive a child .
and then she set about organising jam sessions at her place , and she would make the most delicious suppers .
i ' m only john paul the eejit , and my da is not really able to manage the place on his own .
get himself a small place of his own , break this never - ending cycle of discussing work from morning to night .
what 's st joseph 's like as a place to stay ? '
they were now quite certain that the prize was theirs , and were unprepared for the shock of hearing they had won second prize - a holiday in some remote place on the cliffs over the atlantic at the other side of the country .
' well , you 'll be glad to get back to the peace and quiet of your own place , ' chicky said .
the flat was in a total mess , and there was all the business of it being a first date and being thought a slapper , and if he were going to come to her place she would need a week getting it ready .
' or perhaps you could come round to my place later tonight and tell me what this is all about ? '
for john , or corry , as they knew him , she foretold a whole change of direction , different kind of work and a different place to live .
of course , he did have cause ... what he really needed was some quiet time at a little beachfront cottage down in key west , a place where he could fish for turbot or simply relax in a gently swaying hammock while drinking a cold beer , without facing any decision more major than whether or not to wear sandals as he walked on the beach with a nice woman at his side .
with most people married , it was hard for a single woman to find a place to fit in , or even to start .
it was then that she 'd realized she had to leave baltimore ; she needed a place to start over .
it was charming - smaller than he thought it would be , but surprisingly homey , and most of the furniture blended well with the place .
` ` how about if i make you dinner at my place ? ''
dinner at my place afterwards ? ''
` ` but could you see yourself staying in a place like this ? ''
` ` his house , his mom 's place , his hangouts .
during the marriage , it had been his place , and missy seldom ventured there .
and more than that , brian knew he did n't have any place to go .
` ` thanks again for letting us use your place out there . ''
` ` i will stay in your place , if you like , '' fernand offered .
` ` but is n't blackie over at your place as much as before ? ''
and then a few years ago i started working on my place in the country .
they would be taken in , given a place to live in the legion 's barracks , a place to train in the king 's fields , given the finest weapons .
they funded her new life and gave her the opportunity to start over in a place they felt was safe .
swanny had moved in until he found his own place .
the few hundred dollars she could hope to get from the sale would have to be stretched to provide a place for them to live .
we 'll need a place to live .
they had to find a better place to live .
when we get to memphis , i 'll sell mom 's jewelry so we can afford a nicer place to live and bus tickets to the next place .
if it was the last thing eve did , she was going to ensure that they had a good place to live , or at least an adequate place , and food so travis and cammie ate regularly .
i ' m going to take you all back to my place .
` ` swanny and i still bunk in my oldest brother 's old place , but if my brothers get their way , i 'll be building a house here soon . ''
if you want to hang out so you do n't have to drive back out to your place and then turn right around again , make yourself at home .
oh , and she left travis and cammie at your place . ''
besides , she crashed at my place enough .
` ` up to my place for the night . ''
i 'd head up to his place and we 'd dine on takeout , watch a movie , or listen to music .
that night i tried to have a quickie with rob - at his place , instead of mine .
the place was a disaster , and i refused to ever use the one bathroom they all shared .
` ` not just at my place . ''
i begged adam to stay at my place this weekend .
` ` and stay at your place whenever she needs to crash . ''
since that night i 'd come up to his place , things seemed different between us .
i 'll meet you at your place .
we both had class that morning , but agreed to meet back at my place in the afternoon .
once she tags a place unfit , it 's tagged for life .
` ` you trashed this place .
` ` your apartment is different from the last place you had , '' he commented .
he stopped across the street from her place and turned the headlights off as the two women went in and began flipping on lights .
` ` well seeing as it 's my place , seems like someone should have called , '' finn said , walking through the door .
we ' ve got room at our place .
` ` so we 'll find a new place to live , '' katherine said .
her condo was her private haven , the one place where she could be completely herself .
in one of their few practical conversations , they 'd agreed that he 'd move into her place ; his own apartment had been a furnished rental , so there had n't been much to bring over - just books , his computer , clothes and a few personal effects .
mikaela could n't imagine that she 'd found a real home , a place to belong , and not to remember that , it was n't fair ... she looked up at her mother .
in last bend , she 'd found a place where she belonged .
` ` is your place any safer ? ''
` ` i told mother we 'd be at her place around four - thirty . ''
it was a damn sight better than hanging around his place , he decided .
karen was playing with a girl in the neighborhood , so maureen left her at her parents ' place .
` ` blythe stopped by my place yesterday , '' he began , ` ` and i ' ve had to do some heavy - duty thinking since .
` ` i heard you stopped by my place yesterday and asked to speak to my mother .
` ` my stepdad said you stopped by my place , too . ''
i did stop off at your place yesterday afternoon .
` ` i can make a trip out to your place tomorrow , if that 's convenient . ''
anne could hardly believe marta had said that ... . ` ` i ' m stopping by your place first thing tomorrow , and if this painting is half as good as i think it 'll be , i ' m taking it back to new york .
he 'll come to my place for the day , but only because he knows i want him to .
` ` i started driving and then all of a sudden i was on a ferry , headed to your place .
i went over to her place to see her , to talk to her .
you 're staying at her place .
without me there to look after her , i ' m afraid she 'll burn the place down because she 'll forget to turn off a burner or start a flood because she forgot the bathwater was running .
as she drove back to her own place , she deliberated on what to say to peter .
` ` surely you can find a place here .
i liked that he 'd taken a shower at my place .
you 'll have to come to my place if you want to open it , though . ''
` ` but is n't royce here , at my place ? ''
` ` no , he is not at your place , '' elvira growled .
` ` i told you , you have to come to my place for that . ''
lexie had loved everything about the place : the high ceilings and classic wainscoting , the formality of the server who had brought them chocolate - covered strawberries and the apple cider they 'd substituted for champagne , the heavy robe and comfortable slippers , the softness of the bed .
i mean , if you want , there 's a shed behind doris 's place , and i think it 's got a bathroom , but it 's not as nice as greenleaf . ''
for instance , if you 're discreet , you can visit me at my place anytime .
he 'd never seen a cat around her place , never heard her talk about a cat .
maybe a nice romantic dinner at my place ?
we 're heading to her place , but she 's still upset and i should probably stay for a while . ''
with only one or two people walking through the bungalow every couple of weeks and a sale necessary to help with the financing - and renovations - of the new house , both he and lexie wanted the place looking its best .
even the house was coming along ; the major renovations were completed , the kitchen and bathrooms were as good as new , and all that was still required were the finishing touches that would turn the place from a work in progress to a home .
after everything she 'd been through , he was pleased with how happy she seemed to finally have a place of her own , free from the overbearing clutches of her aunt and uncle .
` ` well , at least we have a place to live , although i would have thought we 'd have more servants . ''
` ` we 'll sell the house and find something else - a place where we can make our own happy memories without any of the unhappy ones lurching in the shadows .
since moving in , they 'd been quite busy filling the place with happy memories , so much so that it had become difficult for daniel to enter a room without thinking of ravishing his wife .
he could imagine himself a year in , at the comfortable place , the hand - at - the - small - of - the - back place .
he could imagine himself a year in , at the comfortable place , the hand - at - the - small - of - the - back place .
i wonder if he broke into june 's place , as well ?
` ` someone broke into her place last night .
what he found interesting was that she had n't mentioned staying at phillip 's place , when that would be the ideal solution .
he was right , yet how could she turn up at his place when he thought she was a gold digger ?
he 'd already driven over to her place once this morning , to find out why she had n't turned up at work after leaving his place earlier , and found no one at home .
he 'd already driven over to her place once this morning , to find out why she had n't turned up at work after leaving his place earlier , and found no one at home .
` ` oh , flynn , i thought this place would be mine for a few years at least .
` ` she 'll be staying at my place , '' flynn said with authority , sending her heart slamming against her ribs .
i 'll find another place . ''
but if she went to flynn 's place , would he see it as a sign that she was weakening toward marriage ?
then she 'd go back to work full - time and get her own place , away from monica and definitely away from flynn .
her mother - in - law had flown south to stay at her sister 's place inalice springs for a few days , so at least she had a reprieve until the next day when monica was due to call .
` ` you ' ve got a nerve telling my mother i 'll be staying at your place .
to my parents ' place . ''
` ` you want something more than first - class travel and a world - class place to live ? ''
` ` besides , even though erica 's moved into christian 's place , they both spend most of their time at the manor during the day .
you have the place to yourself .
` ` i drove , so let 's take my car to my place ?
he wanted to sleep with her , was inviting her back to his place for it , and she ran through her mental inventory .
blasting the local 80s station on the radio , they rode back to his place in silence , his hand planted on her knee whenever he was n't shifting , the fingers playing a melody of lust and creeping higher up her thigh until they arrived at his apartment complex .
no guy ever , ever invited her to his place to share some vodka and coke , though .
she was frankly accustomed to bringing the guy back to her place and then having the guy leave right after everything was over .
how long has he had this place ?
they were standing in the doorway between the living room and the kitchen in his and dylan 's apartment , the entire place decorated in a slick , cold grey and black scheme he had never liked , but that been a legacy of choosing this place a few years ago .
can you and dylan come over to my place for dinner tomorrow night ? ''
not in a sickly - sweet barbie dream house kind of way , but more like ikea had decided pink was the color of the season and laura had happened to decide to decorate her entire place that year .
doubt everything had come back this morning from one of his killer runs and declared that the situation with laura was tenuous at best , and that they needed to pour their hearts out tonight at her place and just tell her about the billions .
the second he and mike had entered her apartment the air had crackled with anticipation , the atmosphere a 180 degree difference from dinner at their place the week before .
aside from the bedroom and bath , it was open concept but with walls and thresholds , making the fairly - large place seem smaller .
stupid , stupid , stupid , he berated himself as he drove the quick hop from laura 's place to josie 's , her triple decker near a baseball field and a large playground , the typical setting for dogs off leash and an impossible parking situation .
weaving across two lanes , he sped to her place , the drive inching by so slowly .
as he crawled through the tiny apartment he felt a wave of adrenaline , then gratitude , that she lived in such a small place .
` ` you 'll drive me back to my place ? ''
` ` i 'll drive us back to our place . ''
he was close to matt , but his younger brother liked living in the center of the city , and this place would end up neglected .
at least they would give this place the care it deserved .
` ` and i ' m so happy your father chose me to redecorate this place . ''
then i got my own place . ''
i know you said you lived with your aunt for a while , but you must have liked the place to stay so long . ''
` ` are you sure you do n't want to come with me to my parents ' place ? ''
going to her parents ' place yesterday had shown her nick was not like her father .
no , connor will find a place while we 're on honeymoon .
with its hardwood floors , big spaces , wide lawns and sparkling pool , this was the ideal place for a boy to grow up .
she 'd been to his place several times and was told he was n't there .
he was going to find an excuse to go to her place within the next couple of days to find out why she was in such a hurry to leave the office .
derek was used to staying in some nice spots but for the last five years he stayed at his cousin 's places whenever he could .
he walked out to his car and could n't help himself from driving in the direction of her place .
he slowed his car , as he looked at the house numbers , until he spotted her place .
her place was far too small for his tastes but the idea of a yard was greatly appealing .
he was wide awake and not thrilled to walk into his empty place .
i 'd prefer to build my own place but it takes too much time and i want us to get settled as soon as possible , '' derek said , as they were sharing a picnic in the park .
` ` i do n't want to sell my place , '' she said , while crossing her arms and glaring at him .
` ` we 're going to find a bigger place to live so you have more room to play , '' derek told him .
it may be able to fit into the living room of the other home but she 'd made it a great place for her and trevor and there was nothing wrong with it .
` ` i need to go by my place and gather a few things , since there wo n't be time tonight before we have to pick jacob up , '' he told her .
she found herself looking forward to moving to the new place .
jasmine slowly walked around her once homey place and could n't stop the tears that streaked down her cheeks .
derek and her walked in and the place looked different with the walls all barren and the furniture gone .
there were a few pieces of his furniture from the condo but his old place had been much smaller and they were going to have to buy more pieces to fill the place up .
there were a few pieces of his furniture from the condo but his old place had been much smaller and they were going to have to buy more pieces to fill the place up .
she had the key to get into his place , from when he 'd been on a business trip the previous month and she 'd gone over to water his plants .
she was tired of being their perfect girlfriend , who did their laundry , cleaned their places and anything else they asked .
she 'd found a new place on an island , off of the coast of spain , booked her ticket and went to the mall to purchase a few sundresses and a new bikini .
he thought it was time to get his own place , with a child to think about .
even though it had been her dream to own her own place , she was finding it lonely .
jasmine had done a great job at making the place comfortable .
as they stepped into her tiny apartment , he decided he was going to start really searching for a new place .
he drove back to her place , feeling pretty good about himself .
this place is too small for two people to stay in comfortably so it makes sense for you to move in with me now , '' he told her .
` ` i ' m fine in my own place , '' she told him , as she crossed her arms over her chest .
` ` i ca n't stay in this place , it would drive me insane , so you can either move into the large house with me , where you 'll be waited on and completely pampered , or i 'll move in and you 'll have to go back to the hospital because the doctor said you were n't to be alone , '' he told her with too much confidence .
he knew they would both feel better when they got into the new place and had a bit more space .
she kept the place spotless but there was a final cleaning that had to be done .
she turned her keys over to the manager and walked out of the place she had called home for the past couple of years .
ryan was glad he 'd bought a place so close to his cousins because jacob and the rest of his nieces and nephews could come over anytime .
she tried to make her place as homey as possible but with her very limited budget there was n't very much she could do .
she was on the verge of losing the place anyway because her sister 's hospital bills were depleting her bank account .
she did n't understand why he would possibly need a place so large .
she was used to waking up in unfamiliar places , since she 'd been a nomad for months but she 'd never awakened somewhere so luxurious .
` ` i 'll take your dress and accessories back to my place .
she 'd stayed there for a little over two weeks now though and had adjusted to the palatial place .
nicole knew the women loved owning their own place , most of all because it allowed them to be mothers first .
` ` fine , i 'll meet you at your place , but not until next week .
he had no problem with his darling sandy running all over the place , jumping from one man to the next , then finally marrying her sister 's barely ex - boyfriend , but he had a problem with sierra moving out on her own .
maybe he 'd finally let her go and get her own place , actually start living her life .
after they graduated , brianne had wanted to get a place together , saying her family was suffocating her and she needed her best friend as a roommate and buffer .
she wanted to go and visit bree , maybe even take her best friend up on her offer of a place to stay until she got on her feet .
i ' m chad redington and this is my place .
and since i already had a nice place to live , i did n't need to rake in big bucks . ''
` ` and i was thinking that afterward , if you 'd like , you could come back to my place for a nightcap . ''
he surely would n't ask her back to his place unless he intended to ... butterflies unfurled in her stomach .
but as the seasons changed , magnus began to think that he should tell imasu about magic at least , before he suggested that magnus stop living with catarina and ragnor , and imasu stop living with his mother and sister , and that they find a place together that imasu could fill with music and magnus with magic .
they were always fond of me , even though i was unsettling to have around the place , and mother told me that i was grouchy as a baby .
` ` clancy dropped your phone off with the concierge at your place .
i 'll send a car by your place around eleven ? ''
` ` to your place .
my mother 's the only woman who 's ever been to my place , aside from the housekeeper and staff . ''
we can run by your place in the morning for the rest .
on the ride back to gideon 's place , i curled into him in the back of the bentley , my legs slung over one of his thighs and my head on his shoulder .
my god ... had she bugged my new place ?
text me when you 're done and i 'll meet you at your place . ''
` ` other sink , '' i said , smiling at his presumption that he would get drawers at my place , too , and his scowl when he could n't find them .
so we 're going to my place . ''
i ca n't just hole up at your place and hope he comes out of it on his own .
my home was the one place she had n't invaded .
we 'd socialized the entire weekend , from morning until well past midnight , stumbling back to my place each night , and would barely manage to get our clothes off before having quiet , sleepy sex .
the entire drive to her place , she tickled her fingers up and down my thigh , leaned to lick my neck , slid her hand over my cock , and talked about the tiny red panties she put on this morning , needing that little confidence boost .
i stepped back in surprise ; her place looked nothing like i expected .
` ` i just expected your place to look a little more like you . ''
` ` baby , we could have fun on any surface in this place , i ' m just saying i expected your place to be less ... '' fuck .
ignoring her , i asked , ` ` how about you come to my place later ?
` ` you wanted to go to your place ? ''
` ` i do n't have anything at your place , either . ''
i went over to your place .
` ` are we staying at your place tonight ? ''
three i 'd had big plans for tonight : make dinner , eat dinner together , finally decide which apartment we were going to rent in new york , discuss what to keep from both his place and mine , figure out when in the hell we 'd find time to pack it all in the first place .
other days , when i 'd worn his shirt to sleep so many times it had lost his smell , i 'd go over to his place .
whether we were at my place or hers , out with friends , or in that tiny little shithole chinese restaurant she liked so much , it felt like home to me .
although we had made up , chloe had insisted that she sleep at her place and i sleep at mine so that we would actually get some rest .
` ` would i be insane to hire someone to pack up our life here , find us a place in new york , and just ... leave for a few weeks ?
the place required no cleaning or handyman work , my vpn connection was so slow i could n't get on the rmg server to conduct actual business , and - perhaps most strangely - i felt like there were certain things i should n't do until chloe got here .
we would have torn this place up , and probably lasted only a weekend .
for the first month or two after we reconciled , we 'd split our time at the two places , but my home was larger , better furnished , and my bedroom had better lighting for the photographs i loved to take of her .
` ` did you go to her place or yours ? ''
` ` when you got back to her place .
christ , she 's pretty , i thought , wishing she and i were alone at my place watching a movie , and making a mental note to make that happen soon .
come to my place tonight and stay with me .
his place was smaller than i 'd have imagined , with wood floors and bookcases packed to the brim with dog - eared novels , thick genetics texts , and an entire wall dedicated to what looked like a rather impressive collection of comic books .
` ` having some people over at my place tonight ? ''
actually , given his track record , she was probably at home ... unless they were at his place ?
at my confused stare , he clarified , ` ` basically , i had takeout with chloe and sara at my place .
yeah , my place .
i clenched my jaw , trying to keep my body from reacting to this fresh reminder that she was pressed against me , had given me the bl*w j*b of my life earlier , and that it might be possible to convince her to come back to my place again later .
but i think i just want to go back to your place and do things while we talk . ''
` ` the sex has always been f**king amazing , but it was so intense at her parents ' place . ''
you had sex at her parents ' place ? ''
i ' m not sure i have anything edible at my place , actually . ''
` ` you can shower at my place ... '' i did n't care how i sounded .
` ` yeah , maybe i ' m just gracious because i know that by the time you find your own place she 's going to be so frustrated that i would n't be able to fend her off if i wanted to .
` ` so is it true that you and bella have welcomed jazz back , and not just as a friend who stays over on the couch until he finds a new place ? ''
at first she 's wary and sounds cold , but still agrees to meet me later at her place , when she returns from the photo shoot she 's at right now .
` ` at your place , '' she adds .
after he drives me back to his place , i tell him that i ' m tired and that i should really head home rather than come inside for a drink .
this place is a shack compared to theirs .
it does n't make any sense , but i see it all the time , more and more , especially here at my brother 's place at one of his endless parties .
i unlock the door to my tiny one - bedroom place and jump into the shower to wash away the feeling of the jail .
i seriously might have to get my place .
i needed somewhere to live fast and his place was nice .
once preston heard i needed a place to live he called cage and hooked me up .
i ' ve got to get to my sister 's place before she comes over here with my niece in tow . ''
she 'd come home with several scratches from the thousands of cats in that house last time she stayed there , not to mention the place smelled like cat poo .
tawny told me she could n't support me any longer and i needed to get my own place .
i could n't afford my own place on a waitress 's income .
now , i go to his place instead .
can i come back to your place ? ''
she stayed over at my place last night .
for all the times you kept larissa and so you can get a place of your own and move out of cage york 's bed .
this place does n't look like it has been touched with a paintbrush in forty years .
' i 'll see you at your place . '
this is your place , she is your housekeeper . '
' it 's a nice place you have here . '
` ` we 're almost at my place , and i want to be buried inside of you the next time you come . ''
she had called a taxi and left his place around six a.m. that had n't been easy since she had n't known his street address .
she lowered her voice to a purr , adding , ` ` how about i come over to your place around seven ? ''
while it was warming , she looked around the kitchen for more dirty dishes- and saw the place through her sister 's eyes .
this place is n't going to fall apart without you .
you could spend a few days at your sister 's place in the mountains . ''
he was telling her about a frat party in college when she said , ` ` you want to come to my place ? ''
her place was beautiful and neat , with not so much as a paper clip out of place .
the last place in the world she wanted to go was to her mother 's , and yet being studiously noninvited rankled her .
they had taken the cabin off the market this summer because of rain damage to the roof ; the vacancy had given bobby a place to stay until the wedding .
` ` you ' ve never been to my place . ''
` ` i invited you to my place a ton of times . ''
i thought i was always asking you to see my place . ''
now , how about if we pick up some takeout from the wild ginger and eat at my place ? ''
maybe she would meet someone ... and he would take her to his place for a few hours and help her forget .
do you have your keys to my place ? ''
the place looked exactly as he 'd left it .
no way he 'd take me back to his place and f**k me proper .
` ` well , we can go have some drinks , or we can go back to my place and f**k like bunnies . ''
` ` if you do n't , we could grab a few drinks , maybe go by my place ... hang out for a bit .
` ` well , it 's just ... i was in the bathroom , and i heard these girls talking about you , the same ones who were trying to get you to go their place with them .
by the time we got back to chase 's place , i was too tired to do anything but fall asleep .
` ` how about another beer and then we go back to your place ? ''
he had his own place with a buddy who was twenty - one , bought beer all the time .
i think we made it back to his place in record time .
we got back to his place , carted the equipment back into his garage , and plopped down on his couch with beer and a bag of pretzels .
i 'd spent so much time over the last few weeks at jeff 's house that my place was starting to feel less and less like home .
now , after the military cleanliness of jeff 's place , it just looked messy .
we 'd work , go back to his place , have a glass of wine or a bottle of beer , and then go into his room , our room , and make love .
she 'd gone to his place expecting a very formal interview with a rigid man .
my father needs me to come over to his place . ''
that is unless you want to just come back to my place and finish what we started back there on the street , '' he said .
she knew that if he really wanted to find her place he was perfectly capable , but on the other hand she did n't see that he would ever have any reason to go looking for her either , that is after the night finally ended .
she had about a two mile walk to get back to her place and the shoes she was wearing were not made for it .
thanks to her job she would finally be able to get a nice place and start a family of her own .
i pick her up and drop her off at the bus stop nearest her place .
i know that she 's in a really crappy place right now but i ' m going to offer her a place to stay for a few weeks until she gets her new apartment .
i know that she 's in a really crappy place right now but i ' m going to offer her a place to stay for a few weeks until she gets her new apartment .
by the time he saw the actual place she was living in he was appalled and beyond angry .
i heard about your place , '' she said sympathetically .
if she dipped into those funds to stay at a motel it would take longer to get into her place .
i want you to feel completely at home and safe in your new place . ''
` ` as for this weekend , i understand that you do n't have a place to stay so i would like to offer you the guest house here on the property .
i do appreciate a place to stay and i have to tell you i ' ve already fallen in love with the cottage .
it looks like you may be able to move into your place tonight , '' he said as they exited the store .
the lot had to do a final cleanup and check out everything so they told her it would be delivered to her place that night .
she not only got a place , which she did n't even care if it was the size of a shoe box , because she also got a swimming pool and gym and security .
he did n't look as if he was planning on leaving anytime soon and she really just wanted to de - stress and enjoy her new place .
they drove out towards his parents ' house and she figured it was at their place , although she did n't understand why when they had two apartments in the city .
it was n't enough to last long if they were no longer together but it would be enough to get her settled into a new place while she found a job .
when our child grows up she 'll know that her grandma and mom loved her so much they wanted to make her first room the best place ever , '' she 'd simply stated .
believe it or not , i still have a small light on at my place .
he 'd then gotten his hopes up once more as he 'd watched his son moping about and not in a hurry to travel off to faraway places .
when things in the marriage failed , as she knew they would , maybe he would allow her to buy the place and stay there .
the walls were identical to what she 'd done at her old place .
she was excited to have a place to stay and her first few paychecks would pay for her car .
she could n't believe how secure she was already feeling in the new place .
he loved the place so much and always came home telling her the amazing things he 'd done .
he finally made it to his place and started having second thoughts .
he did n't want to leave her alone at her place in her current condition , but he was going to have a hell of a time sleeping , knowing she was under his roof .
` ` well , she did such a great job up here , we wanted her to decorate the entire place , '' joseph said , looking puzzled by his nephews ill temper .
her hormones were all over the place and she was at an all - time low in resistance levels .
she could live there as long as they were married , but when the fairytale ended , she could n't keep the place .
` ` oh , trenton , this place is the most amazing house i ' ve ever seen .
of course , her place may not be a problem much longer since she did n't have a job .
she 'd refused to stay with max , telling him there was no way she was going to stay at his place .
he was especially nervous with her staying at his uncles , but she 'd be cleared to move back to her own place in a few more days .
she did n't have to look around much at the lonely place she 'd called home with zero complaints up until meeting him .
my attorney will drop it by your place this afternoon .
i purchased that ranch , south of your place .
as chad looked around her homey place , he started to think she may not be who he originally thought she was .
he 'd practically lived at their place .
` ` jessica said you can stay at our place anytime .
we moved in with him and his place was heaven compared to the trashy apartment we 'd been living in , '' chad spoke in a monotone voice .
she stopped doing drugs long enough to get through the rest of her pregnancy , but she only did that because she liked living at ray 's place .
` ` we ' ve got a doctor on standby at my dad 's place .
he let trenton and mark lock up the place , neither of them would leave .
there was a break in at your place last night .
` ` we need to get ready and go to your place , '' he said as he walked to the bedroom .
why do n't you come by my place on saturday ... '' ` ` i think we already have plans saturday , do n't we , darling ? ''
maybe she 'd even had time to think about them and would willingly invite him back to her place .
he knew seattle was growing , and as it grew , more people would spread out further , overtaking the serene little island , but he could make his own paradise right there , build the perfect home , a place fit for a queen .
` ` he 'd tricked you into coming to his place .
here 's the key to her place .
maybe it was time she dipped into her inheritance funds for more than her schooling ; she had a feeling that after staying in such a nice place , it would be difficult to go back to her small apartment in seattle .
he gives us more than any other place here would and he even offered me and the missus a honeymoon suite .
one way or another , crew would make sure she kept the place as long as she liked , even if he had to tie her down while the workers came in and made repairs .
they walked around upstairs , slowly , inspecting the place .
enough to refuse to leave , and enough to go around his guest home and mess the place up .
george 's place ? ''
i mean , i know that asher 's place is nicer , but it 's hard for someone like me to afford more than this .
so you 're going to stay at asher 's place ?
read some , relax , rest up and give myself time to think , and then tomorrow when asher left for work and beatrice went out to do whatever she usually did , i 'd sneak into her room and scope the place out .
the older kids , high school level or so , loved playing these trading card games and adventures and dragons or something , so why not give them a place to do it here ?
not many people wanted to stay in a place that was being foreclosed on , no matter how cozy and comfortable .
can i meet you at your place ?
i do n't know if julia told you , but i ' m looking for a place to move into . ''
she had made the place seem cozy .
every seven years since his tenth birthday , he lived through the nightmare that visited his place .
tables and lamps probably were n't antiques , but looked to be something a grandmother might have passed down when she got the urge to redecorate her own place .
speaking of family , that 's my little brother 's place . ''
but the idea of taking a long leave , unpaid , from her job , coming up with rent money here , keeping her place in new york , that was pretty much off the table . ''
` ` i asked if he 'd bunk at my place tonight , check on lump .
` ` head over to my place .
we 're going to my place . ''
even under the circumstances , cal had to admit his place , his woods , did look like a picture .
or if maybe i could , maybe i could run over to your place to have a word with him . ''
she 'd been aware she was coming back to his place when they left the bar or he would never have taken advantage of her .
he was thankful they were able to get to his place so quickly .
i ' ve got to find a place to stay , fast .
` ` excuse me , '' tommy repeated , ` ` but i ' m new in town - would you know where i can find a place to stay around here ? ''
there 's some weird shit going on at my place . ''
` ` i was going to say that i do n't want to be too forward , but you and i both need a place to live , and i need some help with some things , and i like you , and i was wondering if you wanted to get a place together ? ''
` ` i was going to say that i do n't want to be too forward , but you and i both need a place to live , and i need some help with some things , and i like you , and i was wondering if you wanted to get a place together ? ''
try to find a place that 's furnished .
i ' m still looking for a place . ''
he opened the windows to air the place out and went to the bedroom , careful to open the door just wide enough to slip through without spilling sunlight on the bed .
` ` they 're getting too big for our place , so i ' m going to take a cab over to golden gate park and let them go in the pond . ''
if you want , you can come by my place and watch the tape after the meeting . ''
for tommy , being with her , in her , was like coming to a place where he was safe and loved , and those dark and hostile things that walked the world outside were washed away in the smell of her damp hair , a soft kiss on the eyelid , and mingled whispers of love and reassurance .
for the first time she looked upon her condo as more than a place to sleep and occasionally entertain .
i arrived at my mother 's place early monday afternoon and found mom sipping tea on the back patio near her garden .
` ` i can stop by your place . ''
alix had n't had any news lately about the fate of the apartment complex , but she suspected they 'd be losing their place soon .
the vacancy rate in seattle was low and not only would it be difficult to find a new place , she was terrified of using the better part of her pension on an overpriced apartment .
no other place for courtney to go while her father was in brazil working as an engineer on a bridge - building project .
i ' m looking for a place to buy close to aurora so i can spend time with her and my grandsons .
alix continued to live in the housekeeper 's quarters at jacqueline and reece 's place .
the only concrete information i 'd learned was that his mom still had her own place .
no matter how hard she tried , she could n't think of her grandmother 's place as home .
she 'd kept some things of her mother 's but she no longer thought of the place as home .
her biggest worry about moving into this place was thievery .
` ` i ' m afraid we got so involved with our place and our traveling that we just sort of ... lost touch with your parents . ''
chapter 32 carolyn had dropped susannah off at her mother 's place after the trip to spokane .
the apartment would console her , give her a place to regain her emotional balance .
` ` would you like to start moving your stuff over to my place ? ''
his parents ' place was provided by his father 's church in the nearby town of burien , but jordan , as youth pastor at the free methodist church off blossom street , only got a small housing allowance .
` ` if you want , i can be at your place when the big bad wolf shows up , '' alix offered .
` ` when i brought her back to her room , she gave me the biggest smile and said , ' look , this place has furniture just like mine . ' ''
` ` did you find a new place for mom yet ? ''
he 'd moved out of the house and , following his lead , she 'd moved out , too , leaving the place to sit vacant .
` ` i did n't have an actual bed for her at my place , '' anne marie explained .
the apartment was empty when she 'd separated from robert and it had seemed the logical place to live while they sorted out their differences .
hector was coming to pick her up and bring her to his place for dinner .
i ' m making dinner at my place . ''
` ` find a gym close to my place and sign me up . ''
` ` does lee have a place to live and a job for when he gets out ? ''
your new foster home is in north seattle , and rather than move you to another place so far from the school , we thought it 'd be best if you stayed here . ''
when he 'd gone to her place on saturday afternoon , he 'd f lipped through her stack of dvds , which conf irmed that they loved the same movies from bogey to f ilm noir to indiana jones .
` ` how about a cup of coffee at my place ? ''
she and jordan were living at the lake house , so with saving for a place of their own , increased transportation costs and much higher utilities , their budget was stretched to the limit .
` ` stop by her place . ''
` ` you have a nice place , '' i commented as i reached for the coffee .
when they 'd shared a place , he did occasionally prepare dinner , but not on a reliable basis .
sammy needed a place to stay until she could locate his owner or find a new one , and harvey needed a friend .
the three cats had decided to stay at her place .
he 'd come over to her place that evening and growled at her and she 'd growled right back .
i ' ve got a very nice place and -- '' ` ` uh - uh .
your own place , a promising future ... and your dad and i both love you . ''
he took me home and went back to his own place to change , then we spent the rest of the evening watching tv . ''
` ` looks like we have the place to ourselves , '' he said , unlocking the front door .
other times it 's getting them something to eat and a place to live .
all i want you to do is look at this place . ''
the place was the size of a storage closet , the chairs piled with books .
` ` if i 'd let you come to get the totem , then i 'd never have seen your place .
i still remembered how it had felt to know some stranger had invaded my place , touched my things , perhaps seen something private .
` ` come to my place instead , '' i blurted .
` ` i 'll come to your place at ...
` ` do you have the key to her place ? ''
i suspected he was at my place , and i felt kind of bad that i 'd left him sitting on my doorstep .
` ` you could come to my place . ''
` ` come back to my place , '' he murmured .
i 'd never been inside his place , only looked in the front window like a voyeur .
the place was cleaner than i 'd expect for a guy who lived alone , but not neat by any means .
i could have done pretty much anything i wanted to you at my place . ''
i reached the turnoff to his place and left my car next to his .
` ` cadotte 's place . ''
i wish i could , but i do n't have any place to keep him .
the place looked as if it had never seen a fingerprint or a smudge or a speck of dirt .
after she 'd left allan , she had n't been able to afford a place of her own and a salon .
if you want , you can leave those at my place again , '' he said , and nodded at the panties .
the last time he 'd gotten his hair cut at her place , she 'd put that pink cape on him deliberately , he 'd suspected .
` ` come to my place tonight , '' he said softly , tying the straps of her dress behind her neck for her again .
` ` let 's stop by my place and get my things first . ''
and i have to tell you that unless you have at least two months ' rent to put down in advance , you 're going to have a rough time finding a place . ''
` ` i want to move out from my parents ' place , '' she said in a quavering voice .
her , nak*d and wandering around his place , having a conversation about their day .
he missed the sweet smell of her , and it still lingered on the shirt she 'd left at his place the last time she 'd been there .
` ` did you find a place for me to stay ? ''
she might be married or have moved away , but it 's worth checking to see if her parents still live in the same place .
things he would n't have left even if he had a temporary place to stay .
colin did n't know why he was hiding the fact that nell was living at his place , even from duane .
given them a place to stay at his house ?
` ` want a ride back to your place or is your driver on standby ? ''
` ` you were having financial trouble , which forced you to choose between selling your mother 's jewelry , something that obviously means a lot to you , or not being able to pay your rent and ending up without a place to live .
it made me crazy to think of her not having a place to sleep , and when i moved her into mia 's old apartment it made me crazy because she was n't with me all the time even though we were together every day .
tomorrow we can go over what you have to have or want moved to my place and i 'll arrange for someone to come in and have everything brought over .
do n't want you worrying about anything other than settling into my place . ''
we have six weeks to find a place to live there , get married and move out there before he starts his new job .
thank god she had n't terminated the lease and still had a place to live .
if i 'd had no other choice , no place to live , no money , then how could you ever be certain i was n't with you for your money ?
by the time she found one , trudged back to her place - where every light was on - she was all but breathing fire .
then , as soon as she was safely inside her place and the doors were locked , the curtains snugly pulled , she called her best friend , michelle , as she went back to the bedroom and began stripping out of her clothes .
she was okay with renting - she did n't have to do any repairs , though getting the landlord to do anything was a pain in the ass - but owning her own place would be kind of nice , too .
the way he figured it , he paid rent for only two or three months out of the year , and the rest of the time he got to live in a place for free because it usually took the landlord a couple of months to kick them out .
if she had n't promised michelle she 'd meet her tonight , she 'd have gone home , which was still the duplex because finding a new place to live was taking much longer than picking out a new car , and crashed .
now , if she could just get settled in a new place and get on with life , she 'd be a lot happier .
in hindsight she realized she should have installed an alarm , but she had n't wanted to spend any money on a place where she was n't going to be living much longer , and she 'd let it slide .
i needed a place to at least appear as if i lived there .
do you want to come here or should i drive over to your place ? ''
it 's a potluck at my place .
` ` why do n't you have misty spend the night at our place ? ''
once she 'd secured employment and child care , all mary jo needed was an affordable place to live .
mary jo watched him walk into his own place and then turned to look at her daughter , who sat in her baby seat , chewing on her tiny fist .
as he brought groceries into the house , mary jo came out of her place .
she 'd offered to drive into the city today but larry had arranged for the car to show up at her place around two that afternoon .
` ` would you rather i dropped shaw off at his family 's place ? ''
` ` a friend offered me a place to live until i can make other arrangements . ''
she 'd lied to bruce , saying she had a place to stay - with an unidentified friend .
` ` i do my best to keep the place neat , but you have to remember i ' m a guy and housekeeping is low on my priority list . ''
the sooner they found a new place , the better .
` ` i promised beth morehouse i 'd stop by her place on christmas tree lane to meet some dogs she wants to bring into the reading with rover program . ''
it made sense that her brother and lori would need a new place .
we 're married and we ca n't find a place to be alone .
` ` i just wanted to be sure everything 's set for your place . ''
will is moving into mom and ben 's place , and miranda will take over his apartment at the art gallery right after new year 's . ''
if you want the pictures you 'll be at my place at seven . ''
before he left , zach asked allison a second time if she wanted to see his new place , but she sat with her earphones on , music blaring , and pretended not to hear him .
he 'd wanted a three - bedroom place , but could n't find one within his limited budget .
considering that he was the one who 'd paid for everything in the family home , it was only right that he take what he needed for his new place .
you 'll have friends both here and at your dad 's place . ''
` ` come to my place .
his new place was sparsely furnished , but what there was had come from their home .
by the time she arrived at cliff 's place , he was packed and ready .
` ` you 'll be fortunate to find a place , even a studio apartment , for less than five , six hundred dollars a month . ''
charlotte insisted on cooking her breakfast , so after church services , olivia went to her mother 's place .
every previous time she 'd been to jon 's place , he 'd practically thrown himself in front of her car to detain her .
if he brings katie back to you , he has to leave his place by seven - fifteen .
if he drops katie off at my place , he can sleep in and arrive any time he wants . ''
` ` i suspect this john doe was lost and looking for a place to stay .
he 'd stopped at her place early christmas morning , before he left for the airport .
cecilia had cleaned the place until it sparkled .
her rental house was completely empty now and her belongings were all at jon 's place , but almost everything remained in boxes .
` ` i got the impression that she 's going to travel aimlessly around the country until she finds a place that .. .feels comfortable .
` ` i thought i could find your place again on my own , but 1 was lost , and the rain was coming down so hard and i was sure i was going to drive off the road . ''
jolene had spent the previous sunday at her place .
` ` you 're going to your mother 's place for the night ? ''
` ` meet me at my place at seven , and we can figure it out then , '' she said and immediately wanted to kick herself .
they drove back to her place in silence .
` ` what are you doing at my parents ' place ? ''
` ` and if i ever get you alone at my place , i 'll prove it . ''
it must be hard to let strangers move into a place that you 'd lived in for much of your life .
had she known she was going to have company , she would ' ve cleaned the place up a bit .
` ` you guys want to come to my place for dinner ? ''
` ` you want to stop by my place ? ''
bobby insisted she move out of her apartment and into a place big enough for both of them .
he was out of the car and opening her door before teri had even managed to unfasten her seat belt , then waited by the vehicle while she walked toward her sister 's place .
his opportune appearance meant she would n't lose a chunk of her savings paying rent on a place she was n't living in .
sunday morning , after brunch at her place , they were on the ferry to the seahawks game at quest field in downtown seattle .
cliff had lived here on his own for twelve years , and the place had a distinctively masculine feel , so she 'd added a few feminine flourishes , beginning with decorative pillows on the bed .
and i do n't have a place to live , either . ''
` ` we 'd love to have dinner at your place , '' teri told her .
so he 'd come to cedar cove , taken a job with the local paper and got himself a place to live .
` ` i 'll bet he 's at your place now , '' christie speculated .
` ` james , stay at our place , okay ?
if they showed up at my place , i would n't want to argue with 'em . ''
she 'd never seen his place ; after they 'd bought the house on seaside avenue , bobby had sold the apartment .
it was a place that took christmas seriously .
` ` can you recommend a place to stay ? ''
for the last year , she 'd talked incessantly about getting her own place .
` ` actually , i thought i 'd stop by her place around dinnertime tomorrow with a small gift . ''
` ` she wants her own place , you know . ''
` ` mary and joseph did n't have anywhere to stay , either , and strangers offered them a place , '' grace reminded her .
he caught himself wishing he could be at his parents ' place tonight , after all .
` ` why her place ? ''
they 'd welcomed her without question , opened their hearts and their home to her , given her a place to sleep , a meal , the comfort of their company .
it was hard to explain but the place felt like home to her now , at least for this one night .
i 'll schedule patrol cars to drive past your place and scott 's , too .
` ` craig wanted to run a couple of errands tonight and i figured i 'd go with him , then we 'll stop at your place .
it was an older place , one story , with two doors on either side of a shared walkway .
before i met david , i was saving money to get a place of my own .
` ` i 'd like that , i really would , but as i said i 'd need a job and a place to live , and it all seems impossible at the moment . ''
` ` and i know of a place to live , '' mack said .
mary jo would need a place to live - and what better place than right next door to him ?
` ` i ' m on my way over to your place . ''
he could n't remember a single detail of the ride between faith 's house on rosewood lane and his own place at 92 pacific boulevard .
not bothering to go to his own place , mack walked toward her .
` ` what are you doing at my sister 's place ? ''
he 'd move in with lori until they found a place of their own .
he 'd hoped she 'd suggest they go straight to her place .
when they were finally ready to go , lori announced , ` ` i need you to drive me back to mary jo 's place . ''
in the past two weeks he had n't been to her place even once .
like i said , she 's welcome at our place , but maybe it makes more sense if you stay there .
he was back at his place and feeling miserable when megan phoned .
` ` collapsing and coughing up blood all over lightwood house- '' ` ` it only improved the look of the place , '' said tessa .
as if you have found the place you belong .
but at least she had had a bedroom , a place to lie down , and aunt harriet to make her hot soup or tea over the smal range .
` ` the clave will find you another place to live , '' charlotte said .
bridget , who could be heard singing mournful y in the kitchen , had outdone herself in the dining room , placing candles in silver holders everywhere so the whole place glimmered with light .
` ` no , he did n't , '' she remarked , ` ` but he definitely wants me to move into a place with him by the end of the summer . ''
` ` maybe you need to go sleep at your place tonight . ''
` ` if you really insist , i guess i can sleep at my place instead of here . ''
` ` alright , but the talking ends once we get back to my place . ''
` ` okay , so how far is his place ? ''
` ` i was just telling emily it would be my absolute pleasure to give her a tour of my place , '' gavin replied as calm , cool , and collected as could be .
she was practically silent during their drive across the city to drop off gavin and natasha at his place , but if dillon noticed her sudden change in demeanor , he did n't comment .
i 'll be at your place by six . ''
let 's just hope you can handle me once we get back to my place . ''
` ` you 'll bring him to your place tonight . ''
box up the shit he has at our apartment , and i 'll have my brother get your stuff from douche 's place . ''
` ` who said we 're leaving my place today ? ''
` ` at least eat this for now before you get to his place . ''
her plan was a surprise visit to gavin 's place .
` ` when i got to his place this morning , gina opened the door , '' she sobbed , rising from the couch .
` ` you 're out of your fucking mind if you think i ' m letting you go back to your place , '' he snapped , his eyes never leaving the road .
callie had been all over the world , but the reality was she was a homebody at heart and there was no better place than the sanctuary of her family - as oddball as it was .
what she really needed was a place of her own .
as long as my truck runs , then it 's money i do n't have to invest into a new car and i ' m closer to my dream of my own place . ''
from the time you were little this was your place .
` ` i built my own place .
` ` what do you say we trek over to your folks ' place and let them hug you and welcome you home , and then we can come back here and try out the new bed in the master bedroom . ''
she had a place of her own , and she had a job .
` ` how are you liking the new place ? ''
flowers lined the square and the street , and there was a quaintness that spoke to lauren 's longing for a place to call home .
if she were in a place that could actually accommodate a king - sized bed , then it would be possible for them both to sleep with her and one would n't always have to take a separate room or bed .
` ` lauren said she was going to try to make it to your place .
there was no way he and noah could take her from a place she felt safe and a family who loved her and offered her invaluable support .
in a place where she 'd first learned the importance of family and unconditional support .
he 'd hoped that she was down on her luck and needed the free meal , but that she had a place to live , protection from the cold .
` ` mom said that dillon had some trouble at his place ? ''
` ` she did n't stop in at your place when she flew in to denver ? ''
she always crashed at his place when she flew in or out of denver .
she does n't have a place to stay .
she 's scared and alone , and she has no place to go .
when she left i followed her because i could n't stand the thought of her having no place to go .
` ` you do have a place .
this was a place that screamed home .
it had taken him two years to build the place , but it was exquisitely crafted and looked high end and custom from top to bottom .
` ` it 's bigger than your place , michael , and seth does n't have a place here .
seth paused for a minute as he stared around the place he 'd grown up in .
` ` i did n't have a place to go , charles , '' she said honestly .
going to her mom and dads ' place sounded good , but it would require moving .
she has n't left callie and max 's place since she got here a few days ago .
the place that welcomed me to come and stay awhile .
and i certainly need a place to stay .
then i 'll end my adventure with christmas morning in this place i ' ve come to love .
i could start over here , maybe get a job at the local high school and help daniel refurbish this place .
this old place rattles and groans as someone races down the hall overhead , then clatters down the stairs .
you want to go back to your place for a while ?
` ` yes , i have food , and yes , we can go back to my place .
i 'd rather quit my job and let you and adam support me than clean your place . ''
` ` i drove him here , noah , so you 'll need to give him a ride back to his place .
that was one of the first things yuell told his guys : never use the phone in someone else 's place .
they needed at least a temporary place to stay , and he could n't remember seeing even a fleabag motel since landing at the airstrip .
pressed against the back of the building , he darted his head around for quick looks as he studied the stairs leading up to his place , and the angles that would expose him to rifle fire .
` ` i have a couple of thin blankets at my place , and a sleep pad that rolls up tight .
if you can find my place , you can use the phone there , but you 'd have to use some dead - on course plotting , marine . ''
a steady stream of reporters was flowing into town , which created an instant motel - room shortage because the trail stop inhabitants were already here and needed places to stay .
he liked his place .
she did n't have a place to live , he realized .
the place would fit perfectly on a halloween card .
i considered protesting , but - the place was trashed , and it was technically his place .
adam 's place definitely looked better on the inside .
` ` when i left your place , i - uh , walked around a little . ''
what i did was drag cassandra away from the favreaus ' and back to her place .
i came to your place and saw them head into the swamp .
she had checked her bedroom carefully and had gone to great pains to make sure there was nothing in the place that he could use to get himself some money .
they walked toward main street and carrie told him about each one in turn , starting with joanie wyatt 's video - rental and craft store and ending with her parents ' place .
when he pulled into town , buffalo bob was spreading salt on the sidewalk in front of his own place and the businesses on either side .
in an attempt to fool whoever had invaded my place , i kept my respiration deep and even .
he had a place to sleep , and a place to sit .
he could always make it impossible for her to find another place to stay , thereby forcing her to stay here .
she 'd had somewhere to stay , but it was n't hers , a place where she belonged and could let her guard down .
she 'd never done anything to earn this place .
he 'd find the best place in the country for her , someplace where her body would be tenderly cared for .
the shabby secondhand furniture she 'd bought to furnish the duplex was n't much to look at , and she did n't own the place anyway , but the duplex was still her first real home .
if she had n't seen him at the truck stop , if he had n't gone to her place to reassure her , if he had n't kissed her , she would have always thought of him with the pain and regret she had n't been able to shake , but she would n't long for him .
rustic would have been a kind euphemism for this place .
` ` so because i ' m a woman in need of a place to hide , he would n't care that we 're taking over his cabin without his knowledge ? ''
` ` i ' m at her place . ''
` ` i came in , saw the place was a wreck , heard stacie in the bathroom , then ... '' her voice broke again , but she puled in a deep breath and continued on .
` ` cal me tonight or i ' m coming to stay at your place .
a decent job , a few friends , a place to go home where she 'd feel safe .
the next time mom wants a tearfest , i ' m sending her to your place . ''
` ` then maybe i should go back to your place . ''
there was some guy watching her place . ''
` ` do you want to come stay at my place ? ''
no way could her parents stay at her place .
the place was a wreck , with newspapers and beer bottles and pizza boxes thrown everywhere .
` ` i think sam might have already left lavine 's place when you came to live with us .
` ` can you drive by her place and check on her ? ''
i 'll check out her place tomorrow and see how safe she and rachel are . ''
` ` i 'll patch everything up once i run the wires , and the place will be as good as new . ''
the place was a mess , with dishes piled in the sink and laundry spilling out of the baskets in front of the washer .
immediately after she 'd run from knox she 'd been on the move for about forty years , never staying in one place very long .
and she 's more than likely suggesting they celebrate the easy win against an old woman and her equally ancient lawyer over drinks and then a quick screw at her place .
i 'll pick you up at your place at seven , and i promise to have you home by midnight .
one realtor completely overlooks gram , reaching past her to shake my hand instead and finally looking at her like a nuisance when i point out that i ' m not the one looking for a place to live .
i 'll be back here to help you here before anything else is done to this place . ''
as court and i navigate our way towards the very back of the house , i take in the place i 'll be living in over the next couple days at least .
i stare up into lucas 's eyes and say , ` ` sorry , lu - mr . wolfe - my taxi was late picking me up from my grandmother 's place . ''
kylie martin : look on the bright side - 5 more days and i 'll be back , your job will be done , and you 'll be able to give your grandmamma the deed to her place back .
regardless , i know one thing : gram is the only person i would put myself out there like this for - i would n't have even agreed to this arrangement to save my own place because of all the physical and emotional turmoil involved .
` ` stacy 's looking for a place to stay , '' i point out , referring to one of our friends she often goes clubbing with .
when rachel had moved in she had renovated the inside , but the place still gave her a sense of permanency .
not a house , not a condo , not a place to rent for a year or two .
she was back in her beloved tennessee , the only place in the world beside echo beach that felt like home .
` ` you ca n't find a decent place to live in new york that quickly .
` ` we can use their corporate apartment until we find our own place .
she did n't doubt that the house knew its master had gone on , but this place had weathered the storms of death for a long , long time .
dad was doing great in new york , lighting up the airwaves ; mom was working hard to get the place ready for renters .
the place she came home to .
where 's your place from here ? ''
` ` together , '' erica agreed and for the first time since she 'd arrived in colorado , felt that there was a real chance she would be able to make her own place there .
` ` at least you had this place , '' erica told her .
he nodded as if he sensed her commitment , and said , ` ` a long time ago , i decided to make this my place .
she 'd only been gone three weeks but this place no longer felt like home .
to tie up the loose ends of her life so that she could return to the place she belonged .
they had n't even spent an entire night together for fear of someone seeing him leave her place .
once full of life , his father rarely left the ranch and removed everything in the house that hinted a woman had ever inhabited the place .
` ` for one thing , i doubt that lissa would open the door if i did go by her place . ''
i move from site to site , usually only staying in one place for six months to a year .
` ` i 'll go out with gavin if you 'll agree to let me hire a handyman to get this place in shape .
pops knew the inn was her refuge , the one place she 'd always felt wanted and loved regardless of her choices .
he actually offered me room and board , but i already have a place to stay . ''
` ` we 're having dinner at my place . ''
` ` i am not going to your place . ''
` ` would you be comfortable staying at my place every night until the wedding ? ''
this week the place smelled like sanitizer .
` ` this is my place , '' he told her .
we can even make it look as though you 're a paying guest and i ' m staying in the family quarters at the manor so that you have this place all to yourself . ''
` ` sounds like you ' ve got a place like my parents did . ''
the next time i was able to see her was for just a few moments because we were involved in another mission , using rio 's place as a safe house .
the house was possibly even more depressing in daylight - dingy and bare - but at least eleanor had the place , and her mom , to herself .
park spent most nights lying on his bed because it was the only place she 'd never been .
i walked back to my place , no longer caring if i wilted since i was going to get messy at the gym anyway .
i ' m going to his place . ''
` ` of what our place could look like ? ''
` ` you said she 'd be bored having dinner at my place and you were wrong about that . ''
what would it be like to take a friend home to a place i shared with gideon ?
he wanted me to have a place with great security so i 'd be safe from nathan .
megumi had taken the subway back to her place , while cary , trey , and i shared a cab back to the apartment .
` ` i should ' ve waited for you at our place . ''
i rested my cheek against his chest , loving the idea of ` ` our '' place .
it 's not right for me to live in a place stanton pays for anymore now that nathan is n't a threat .
` ` if you did n't want to talk to her , you should n't have gone over to her place last night . ''
he 'd been at my place when i got home , but he 'd never explained why he had n't texted me back .
feeling like something was very off , i headed back to my place .
he 'd moved his stuff into my place pretty much the minute i agreed to date him , just as he had stocked his place with duplicates of my everyday items .
he 'd moved his stuff into my place pretty much the minute i agreed to date him , just as he had stocked his place with duplicates of my everyday items .
i wished she 'd had me over to her place instead , the home she shared with stanton .
` ` okay , honestly , it does feel weird living in a place stanton pays for after what happened between you and dad , but more than that , gideon and i want to live together .
would you do me a favor and think about moving into a place we share with gideon , and we can talk about it when i get back ?
` ` i ' ve got places i can crash , other people i can room with .
he never let me see his place , nor did he take me out in public , nor did i ever actually meet any of his friends .
the cheery house on the beach was a place to heal for female teens suffering from psychiatric issues .
my mother had texted and said she was going out with friends after work , so i knew i 'd have the place to myself for a while .
kids did n't just need food and a place to sleep .
madoc had arrived at my place early to set up , and from the looks of it , the party had already started .
the ticking of the grandfather clock in the foyer , the creak of the stairs , the soft , muffled humming that came from the vents - they all gave each room its own personality and made this place a home .
` ` get your stuff ; we 're going back to my place .
walking around her desk to put some distance between them , she asked , ` ` are we still having dinner at my place tonight ? ''
he had pulled on a pair of lounge pants that he kept at her place to wear in the evenings .
i kind of asked him to dinner at my place . ''
i moved out of their house and got my own place just to escape their scrutiny . ''
she wanted to unpack , to turn generic room 63 into her own place , where she could go when she needed to escape and feel okay .
` ` you had a two - room cabin and your mother was a terrible cook , so the whole place always smelled like cabbage .
more than anywhere else , this was a place where she had changed .
luckily , the morning had passed without incident ; after giving her dad the longest , tightest hug she 'd ever given someone , she 'd mentioned that she had a few friends without places to go for the holiday .
the window was empty now , and to gaze upon it from the ground below gave roland a rusty feeling of homesickness , as if he were very , very far from the place where he belonged .
this place had at least twenty of them covering up the long driveway .
when i 'd called my father i had explained that i just needed somewhere to stay until i could get a job and make enough money to go find a place of my own .
and i had n't fallen apart when i 'd sold the only place i had to live .
` ` you 're planning on getting a job and a place of your own . ''
grant had drank entirely too much to drive all the way back to his place , '' the girl said .
this time next week i should be able to get a place of my own .
rush has taken pity on me until i can get my own place . ''
` ` i need the money so i can get my own place , '' i told her with a forced smile .
tomorrow i would find a place because sleeping under rush 's roof was going to be impossible .
` ` my purpose is to provide a place for them to stay , a way to continue their education , a way to have their baby safely .
` ` if you do n't , you can find some other place else to live . ''
the place felt like it had n't been redecorated ever , like maybe it had been built sixty years ago out of materials that were already worn and cracking .
` ` i ' m taking a shower at your place , '' she said .
when she and wren divided up their clothes , wren had taken anything that said ` ` party at a boy 's place '' or ` ` leaving the house . ''
she looked up at the wall across from her , up where there 'd be a tv if this place was n't such a prison .
wren and her dad , all in one place , where cath could take care of them .
` ` we 'll have dinner at my new place next week , '' nick said .
` ` once we move into the new place , things will calm down a bit . ''
` ` the realtor is putting my place in arlington on the market right after the new year , but we can move into ninth street next week . ''
` ` i want to show you all my new place in the city . ''
a dinner party for a potential supreme court justice at the place he had n't even moved into yet ?
after the way he 'd sprinted her out of the party , she assumed he wanted to be alone with her at his place in arlington .
after spending sunday helping nick finish packing up his place in arlington , sam woke up monday morning with a stomachache .
` ` crime scene took this place apart . ''
he 'd closed on the new place , moved in and focused all his energy on getting the downstairs portion of the house ready for tonight 's gathering - on top of contacting half the senate to rally support for john 's immigration bill .
` ` is that your senator 's place ? ''
` ` but the stuff in his place ... '' ` ` previous tenant . ''
` ` i was with my girlfriend at her place . ''
` ` you guys have a great place . ''
` ` i ' ve told you this a thousand times - always have a cab company in your phone , always go to their place , and always leave when they 're sleeping . ''
i thought i told you to always go to his place .
* * * dean 's apartment was as quiet as a graveyard compared to shaun 's place .
` ` let 's do movie night at my place tomorrow .
` ` nice place , '' clay said , surveying the condo while his friend shut and locked the door .
he knew it would n't take ryder long to switch out his deflated tire with the spare , which is why dean had ordered a cab to meet him at his place .
disappeared for days and then reappeared , usually when he needed a place to crash , a friendly face .
she had n't told him anything other than she had a place to stay tonight , and at the time it had been a lie .
had she accepted ash 's offer because it was the only way she had a place to sleep that night ?
tonight you 're coming back to my place , '' he said as he sat back in the seat .
` ` a place where you have no home ?
she 'd have her own place .
done in earth tones , the room - the entire apartment - had a homey , cozy feel that was the epitome of everything she 'd ever wanted in a place to live .
she 's taking mia 's old place . ''
` ` surprised you did n't lock her up in your place .
if i was interested in getting close to her before then , that should n't change just because she does n't measure up to my financial status or because she does n't have a place to sleep . ''
the shelter called me when she came in looking for a place to sleep , and she 'd been roughed up by a**holes her brother owes money to . ''
she 'd even checked the shelters she and jack frequented , hoping that maybe he had a warm place to stay for the night .
` ` i have a place , jack .
have a place to stay .
am i supposed to be happy knowing i have a safe place to stay , food to eat and a bed to sleep in when i know you 're out here on the streets ? ''
to enjoy not having to worry about where her next meal came from , or whether she had a place to sleep .
did he have a place to stay ?
as if she was staying anywhere but his place on christmas night .
no , there had n't been a single night since he 'd moved her into her apartment that they 'd spent apart , but many of those nights had been spent at her place .
i 'll let you work me up until we get to my place .
despite her having her own place , they had n't spent a night away from each other since they 'd met .
not when she could provide a place to stay and food to eat .
then the doorman at my building calls to say that she 's at my place but she would n't come in and she was standing in the f**king rain freezing her ass off . ''
` ` yeah , i get to my place , relieved as shit that she 's still there .
you had a nice place to stay .
he had been limiting his time with her since she asked him over to her place for dinner a few months back .
maybe i can take up jogging and start running by his place .
` ` let 's go to my place .
beth groaned , claire chuckled and ella tried tapping her feet together under the table and telling herself , there 's no place like home ... there 's no place like home .
considering for a minute , she said , ` ` we could go back to my place and watch something . ''
i ' m really not sure we should be alone at your place yet . ''
` ` i could just come to your place if you give me your address , '' ella offered .
she was a little surprised that he had such a big place for just himself .
she did n't know what had gotten into him since she left his place this morning , but he was acting weird .
` ` let 's just cover our bases and stay at my place then . ''
surely , he would n't have mentioned staying at his place if he were going to end things between them .
` ` i 'd feel a little better about that if she had n't been at his place last night when i got there . ''
` ` declan did show up at my place shortly after that .
suddenly he froze , ` ` who 's got a key to your place , babe ? ''
evan was spending the day with him at his place and brant and ava were coming over to meet him . ''
we went back to my place , which usually leads to ... well , you know .
craig had wanted them to have their own place and not have to depend on her father .
to save time , she had insisted on meeting him at his place .
i ' m downstairs at the entrance to your place .
i 'll try to get everything this afternoon so we can go straight to my place tomorrow when you 're released . ''
mrs . mularkey had surprised them one day with bags of groceries and several silk plants , to give the place a homey feel , she said .
she 'll call to set you up with a place to stay in the city and the date of your interview .
the postcards and calls from distant , exotic places were vaguely irritating .
it hurt too much to look in her room , to see the place frozen in time - a little girl 's room - uninhabited , everything just as she 'd left it .
it has never been a home , this place .
` ` so , you know how to get back to my place ?
now , coming back to this place that has always meant home , i ease my foot off of the accelerator .
the only place they 'd ever lived together .
i was always a little girl , lost in oz , looking for a way to believe that there was no place like home ... kate is beside me .
when he was gone , and the place was quiet again , she walked past the coffee table , where piles of mail lay strewn about .
the place was quiet and well lit , with music playing softly from tully 's ipod in the living room .
` ` i 'll give you a place to live and set you up with dr . bloom , but i wo n't make the same mistake again .
we took her in , gave her a place to live .
at her place , she veered down onto the driveway and came to a stop .
` ` and if you want , we can stop by my place , and i 'll get some clothes for work tomorrow , and we can spend the night together . ''
then , we can either go to the library or back to your place to study .
i 'd have you at my place , but i do n't want to subject you to the joys of my father outside of business hours . ''
` ` i ' m perfectly okay with you coming to my place . ''
i ' m on my way to your place , hopefully you 're there . ''
but i ' m sure it 's going to get cool , so if you do n't mind , i 'd like to stop by my place and at least grab a hoodie . ''
` ` this place is cozy , and more than enough for me .
had married cole , they lived at cole 's place just a thirty - minute drive from the compound .
` ` i 'll throw them on the grill once we get back to your place .
` ` i hate that you do n't lock your door , and i hate more that it would n't do a damn bit of good to lock it because it would take no effort to get in this place whatsoever , '' he muttered .
for the first time ever , he had a place to go after a mission .
` ` i ' ve got places to be . ''
my place is n't too far and i think you 'll like it .
i ' ve lived out of the country for so long and i do n't have an actual place i call home here .
and you said yourself you did n't have a residence stateside , which means that you 'll need a place to be comfortable as your pregnancy progresses .
i invited them to my place .
i 'd like for us to stay at my place until after the baby is born and is old enough to travel .
i can sell my place and build whatever you want . ''
` ` if you need somewhere to crash until you recover , you 're welcome at my place . ''
girls usually come to the club knowing i got money ; they ask me out or ask me to their place for a ` ` drink '' , which one hundred percent of the time ends up meaning sex .
the floor is not very busy so mimi straightens up loose clothing items around the place and lola takes calls and answers emails for me .
all those lonely nights felt okay as long as bear was purring around the place .
i kiss my father 's cheek and ask , ` ` you need a place to stay or are you heading home ? ''
i ' m amazed that her douche ex - boyfriend had the nerve to show up at her place .
a week after i was released from hospital , nik threw a welcome home party for me at his place .
nik is helping me pack boxes and shift them over to my new place .
a few hours and i 'll be moved into my new place .
she also gave me some bits and pieces from our old place because nik already has things to match his home .
this is the only place aside from my apartment that i can let go and unwind after a rough week .
when i say he came over , i mean he broke in through the patio sliding door and waltzed right in like he owned the place .
then i explained we have to watch tv at my place because he does n't have one and all three of them gasp loudly and stare in disbelief .
once i step into his apartment , i realize it 's the first time i ' ve been in his place .
the only thing that our places seem to have in common is that we both have a refrigerator .
how the f**k did you get into my place ? ''
once inside his place , i hear moaning coming from his bedroom .
i unlock the door , breathing heavily and walk into ash 's place .
she chuckles , ` ` so , like i said , went to your place today and you were n't there . ''
he 'd called someone to clean my place and was n't sure if it was done yet , so he told me to shower and relax at his place while he went to check on my apartment .
he 'd called someone to clean my place and was n't sure if it was done yet , so he told me to shower and relax at his place while he went to check on my apartment .
breaking the lease would mean losing a whole lot of cash , and i ' m absolutely sure we can find someone who needs a place to live .
` ` oh please , you should see our place .
the general moroi opinion was split on places to live .
` ` it 's impossible to keep rose away from places she should n't be .
the bayou might be kevin 's all - time favorite place , but she loved san diego , had always promised herself that when her photos really caught on she would buy a place here and spend half the year .
` ` and i have n't been getting much exercise at your place , since you take up every free minute of my time . ''
` ` i 'd like to swing by deb 's place to talk to her about what just happened .
take a cab to my place .
it seemed reasonable , she thought , for him to take solace in the one place he 'd always been at peace - his paradise .
he said that it reminded him of his parents ' place back home .
but he 'd come into her little home that she had tried to make comfortable because she had no other place to go , and he had said it was n't fit for a dog .
but i saw her place briefly while i was dropping her off , and it 's awful .
` ` why do n't you hide it at your place , instead ? ''
` ` be ready around nine - we 'll pick you up at your place .
i 'll meet you back at your place , gabriel .
he knew that as soon as she saw where her friend was living she 'd pack julia up personally and force her to move into a nicer place , preferably gabriel 's guest room .
and i ca n't cook you a proper dinner at your place . ''
i 'd like you to meet me at my place after that . ''
richard says you 're welcome to stay at his place if you 'd rather . ''
she needed help finding a place to live , so i told her about a vacancy in my building .
dad feels more comfortable with diane at his place and diane does n't want to move in with him without being married . ''
we have our jobs , we have a nice place to live , we- '' ` ` we have fertility treatments that are n't working . ''
` ` i must say your place is by far nicer than bridget 's .
he chose to stand back at the window , but this time the scenery was a lot more interesting inside his place .
he was to pick her up at her place and blah blah .
they were going back to his place .
she was n't talking about her and him , heading back to his place .
` ` if they can get pictures of you going into my place and leaving in the morning , then it 's the real deal . ''
` ` is this what you do when you normally bring women back to your place ? ''
` ` chad 's picking you up from my place ? ''
since shell had a first - floor apartment , it did n't take long for her to discover just how cold it had become since she 'd arrived at her friend 's place .
` ` you know i always do christmas eve at their place , right ?
i never took responsibility for any of it , but what i regret most was leaving your place on christmas day . ''
although simon had grown into manhood on the mean streets of dublin and london , fighting for every meal and a place to sleep , his comeliness had eventually led to him spending a handful of years as the kept paramour of the beautiful and wealthy lady winter .
` ` it would only be for a few days - until i can find a place . ''
` ` okay , but i need to stop at my place first . ''
they 'd collected boxes on the way to emma 's place and spent the past two hours packing .
` ` that way you 'll be able to sleep at the new place . ''
` ` after i left your place , i felt good .
` ` naturally i 'll have to move out of this place . ''
she did n't know if she 'd ever lived in a place that did n't have carpeting , but she 'd adjust .
` ` how far away is your place ? ''
` ` it 's not even half the size of your other place . ''
and she had lots of plans - she 'd paint the walls and put up her pictures and buy some plants - to make this place cheerful and attractive .
` ` you could ' ve done a hell of a lot better than mom 's place if you wanted to be a waitress . ''
as a matter of fact , maryanne had read the piece and been highly amused - and flattered , even though the column had been written long before she 'd even come to seattle , let alone worked at mom 's place .
mom 's place was going to close in a month for remodelling .
mom 's place could n't have chosen a worse time to close .
` ` what do you intend to do once mom 's place closes for remodeling ? ''
well , maybe they need some place to go on sunday that 's still in the neighborhood .
` ` oh , i suppose i could come to your place , then . ''
i had n't ever spent the night away from lily , but knowing sophia was sleeping over at my place , and that lily was safe - and most importantly that i had alexa back - i fell into an easy sleep , feeling happier and more complete than i ever had .
it appeared some had gotten along better than others , too - case in point , i was pretty sure ian and mackenzie were currently en route to his place .
the biggest change came last month when cade sold his grandparents ' little house , and i sold the condo my parents had bought for me a few years before , and together we bought a house halfway between both our places .
damn it , this whole place was for her : the big house , the comforts , that pool , even the damn mercedes .
john had given her a place to live , food to eat , mind - shattering physical pleasure ... but now he , too , was turning away from a horribly real threat .
i want to know whenever you go somewhere , and i do n't want you going over to your place alone .
i told him to find another place to shack up , but- '' ` ` no !
painted a soft sage green with bright white trim , the place was cute on the outside and fully modernized on the inside .
the place was n't fit for man or beast , let alone for a duchess .
moving them away , finding a place to live , trying to make ends meet ... impossible .
he 'd lived with his brothers for so long that the idea of having his own place had n't really sunk it .
it had only taken him twenty minutes to return to his place , change and head into town after her .
a place to live .
otherwise i can just run back over to my place and shower and change . ''
i flicked every switch as i moved through the house , lighting the place up like christmas .
the place was much as i remembered - an old house , updated bit by bit over the years .
but she had no place to go .
` ` we have no place to go .
genevieve went gladly , marveling that she 'd ever be happy about returning to mchugh keep , a place that had been her hell for an entire year .
no more would she be forced to live in a place that held nothing but memories of pain and humiliation .
she 'd left every item packed , hoping beyond hope that one day she 'd leave that place .
you 'll always have a place to live .
` ` i suggest you look for a new place to live .
as i glance around , i realize that i will need to work quickly to furnish this place so that it looks presentable .
he is taking in young boys off the street and giving them a warm place to sleep , food in their bellies , clothes on their backs .
it takes several days to pack up the place .
at least he had a place where he could be away from them .
` ` mandenauer is waiting at my place .
jessie 's place was an apartment located in a small complex adjacent to the sheriff 's office .
` ` i 'll be at your place at seven a.m. '' ` ` like hell . ''
i was going to hold jessie 's head under a faucet when i got back to her place .
the place was pin neat - the bed made , the kitchen pristine .
` ` back to your place . ''
give us a call , '' he glanced at his cell , then hooked it back on his belt , ` ` when you get to your place .
the three of us hurried to my place .
` ` are n't you two going to go back to your place ? ''
` ` cora would n't appreciate a cop car in front of her place .
` ` i ' m going to go back to our place and do some research , '' will said .
i drifted around the place trying to find something to occupy my mind .
until daniel came along , i had n't even spent the night at someone 's place .
i found myself getting into the town car with daniel and not even questioning where we were going ; i 'd spend the night at his place , of course , and that was all right with me .
she was infinitely more at home in the place than i felt .
we got rid of the bed and superfluous furniture , and the place was roomier than i expected it to be .
i was still having wild thoughts of forcing curtis to take our money and buy a new place , or secretly buying one for him .
` ` i like that it gives a feeling of separation between the bedroom and the rest of the place , '' daniel agreed .
he had a place to sleep , clean hair , and a full stomach .
now , as an adult , this place was her escape from a dull and ordinary life .
this place should be feeling cramped instead of ... cozy .
` ` well , you 're hangin ' around my place , i just thought , you know , you wanted something . ''
` ` i do n't have any other place to live . ''
i want a place to stay . ''
and even thinking of mila while i ' m in this pathetic place with this pathetic chick feels wrong on a hundred different levels .
this time , we had watched a movie here at my place , and this time , the movie was my choice .
i think it would be best if you went back to your place while i work through this . ''
he 's cleaned the place up while he waited , picking up the empty bottles of whiskey from the floor .
she 'd cried because i was leaving and i 'd offered her a place to stay if she decided to visit .
finally , a place away from the rest of the clan where she could have a private weep and lament her husband 's disgraceful behavior .
i plan for you to have many years to look forward to making this your home and a place you 're comfortable with .
closing the door to my bedroom in my dad 's place , i pulled my phone out of my purse and called sadie .
i sure as hell could n't tell her what i did that paid for this apartment and also took care of my mom 's place and the kids .
you ready to go to my place now ? ''
* * * kane leaned against the kitchen counter in his apartment , surveying the place with a critical eye .
that had been two years earlier , and he had never really bothered to unpack most of his things : cardboard boxes sat against the walls , his desk was cluttered with papers and photographs of crime scenes , the couch was a long lumpy thing that had come with the place and bore the stains of too many previous owners and the bed was not much better .
i was lucky as hell to get a parking space here and i ' m probably never going to find one near my place ever again . ''
` ` he has a place here in the city but it 's an apartment , somebody get me personnel on the phone ! ''
granny had made a party of it by inviting over the neighbors ' teenagers to help paint renee 's bedroom , providing renee with instant friends and a place to call home .
she needed to focus on manifesting a hot meal and a place to spend the night .
she stopped just inside the door and gave the place a once - over .
i should have asked you if you needed a place to stay instead of ... '' his voice faded out , and he looked away .
` ` because you have no money , no clothes , and no place to stay .
the universe had come through for her - a job and a place to stay .
jane had done that , and here she was with a place to stay and a job to do .
clay knew the exact moment jane walked into dottie 's place , even though he had his back turned toward the door and his head deep in the music he was playing on the upright piano .
` ` if you 're going to invite me back to your place , i think i 'll take a pass .
i know you came here because you have no place else to go .
he 's going to be coming round your place any minute . ''
except , of course , ricki was holed up at his place , and she had breezed into town on the bus needing a place to stay and a shoulder to cry on , and clearly , a bed to warm .
except , of course , ricki was holed up at his place , and she had breezed into town on the bus needing a place to stay and a shoulder to cry on , and clearly , a bed to warm .
so you need to get your own place , and for that , honey , you need a job .
` ` ricki , you ca n't stay at my place .
you gave ricki a place to stay last night .
ricki was cruising for a place to stay , and by the look of things , dash was interested in signing up .
the place smelled of lavender and resembled a set from arsenic and old lace .
to be honest , son , without hettie 's enthusiasm for rebuilding this place , i might have given up hope .
see your place ? ''
tulane sauntered into her living room and studied the place for a long moment as sarah did battle with her inner puritan .
the place was sterile - a temporary home for someone who did n't plan on staying too long in florence , south carolina .
dad did n't ask permission before he marched right into her apartment as if he owned the place .
` ` oh , tulane , i ca n't think of another place i 'd rather call home .
momma had done a real nice job of decorating the place .
` ` honey , if you ever decide you need a job , i ' m sure i could find a place for you , '' dottie said to him .
petunia kept him on even though he was entirely useless in keeping the place up .
the next morning , everyone seemed to have a place to be and something productive to do .
` ` any ideas on a place to stay ?
` ` have you checked dot 's place and the country club and- '' ` ` i ' ve checked all his usual haunts .
but now , i realize we could have found a place if i 'd been willing to try .
i know how hard it is to fit into a new place , but you 're doing okay .
he wanted to escape to dottie 's place , but she 'd made it clear that he was no longer welcome there .
we 're going to renovate this place , if it 's the last thing i do .
we would go back to live at grandmother 's for a while until i found another place . ''
` ` what we have to do , ' said sydney , ` ` is find a safe place to stay . '
but i ' m getting my own place . '
` ` i ca n't get used to the weirdness of a strigoi living in a place so ... normal .
` ` moroi come to your places ? '
someone must pay for them to eat , for a place for them to live .
` ` you ca n't go back to your place . ''
she 's in her new place .
you and colby can stay with me at my place until we figure this out . ''
and who do you think suggested that jake be the one to move you into a new place ?
in the safety of that love , would she find a place where she did n't have to be strong every moment of the day ?
` ` i 'll come straight to your place when i fly back in a couple days and tell you how the trip went . ''
you will spend the night at my place .
drop me off at my place , and i 'll pick up my car myself tomorrow . ''
since he was headed toward neither stephan 's office nor her apartment , she could only conclude that he was stubbornly driving to his place .
` ` if you keep looking at me like that , we wo n't make it out of the back of this car , and i want to show you my place up on a small island off the coast of massachusetts .
` ` that sounds perfect , '' alethea said , then murmured against his lips , ` ` although that dividing window is tinted , and it 's a thirty - minute drive back to my place . ''
with not much better to do over the last few months , except wait for lena 's return , zack had taken to cleaning the old place .
` ` let 's go to your place , '' cain said without preamble .
with cinder - block walls coated thick with layers of white paint and a green - and - white - checkered linoleum floor , the place looked more like a hospital than the dorm room of my fantasies .
the place was really one long room , with a full - size bed in the front , a kitchenette , and a living area in the back with a tv and a small bathroom - so small that in order to take a shower , you pretty much had to sit on the toilet .
she was grateful that her phone was back on , that her boy was home , that alaska helped her cook and that i had kept the colonel out of her hair , that her job was steady and her coworkers were nice , that she had a place to sleep and a boy who loved her .
the place smelled of mildew and disinfectant , and the yellow wallpaper in the foyer was peeling at the corners .
the place was still , save the cawing of rooks in the bare - limbed trees in the garden .
tidy himself by default rather than inclination , jamie found the place oddly appealing .
it was a small place : only two rooms upstairs , and only one of those windows was lit .
they spent sunday together at her place , not working , not stressing .
tuesday night he spent over at her place .
wednesday night taryn stayed at his place .
they were headed back to her place for the ` ` and then '' part , after which he 'd get back on top of things , but when they were almost at her address , he decided to check his cell for messages .
what he 'd much rather do is drop by taryn 's place and take her out to dinner .
i did n't want to be home alone in the quiet solitude of my apartment , a place i 'd once loved for being so serene .
boat owners would pull out of the slips they rented from her ; mere were enough marinas in the guntersville area that they could always find another place to house their boats .
but robert was n't accustomed to being thwarted ; in record time the utilities had been turned on , the paperwork completed , a cleaning service from huntsville dragooned into giving the place a thorough cleaning , and new furniture both selected and delivered .
she had a nice place here , nothing extravagant , but cozy and homey .
` ` you have a nice place , '' he said .
errands such as finding a place to live .
first she had to concentrate on saving the marina and finding a place to live .
it would be a vacation home , a getaway when they needed a break from the hubbub of new york , a place for her to stay when she wanted to visit becky .
` ` yesterday , '' she said softly , ` ` i was looking for a place to live .
the place was beautiful , and the ranch house was one of the most cheerful places she 'd ever been in her life .
` ` surely you had an idea that your current place was n't going to work for you ? ''
even if you somehow manage to convince not to live next to you , i ' m not going back to live in that place . ''
after we 'd picked up my car and brought it back , gabriel took great pleasure in giving me the grand tour of his place .
considering gabriel had secured the lease on the apartment , bought a new car , and had breakfast cooked for us , i figured he 'd also managed to furnish his place .
do you want to pick up some things from your place now ? ''
maybe like your place is haunted . ''
he must ' ve seen the envy on my face because he cheerfully said , ` ` you can watch all the chick flicks you want at my place . ''
` ` gabriel , when did you get a key to my place ? ''
` ` i already have a key to my place . ''
we locked up my place and went back to his apartment .
gabriel called ahead by about an hour , telling me he would be by my place around 11:00am .
so , should we use one of the bedrooms here or go back to your place ? ''
` ` hell , no , i ' m not taking them to my place !
ever since that ridiculous purple fabric book bullied its way into her place she 'd been tortured nonstop .
the place was wired with the latest in all technology , from her various computers and lightning internet access to a theater - version television , and sound systems that piped music into every room .
` ` a place to call yours ? ''
okay , he liked his place clean , but he was a guy , and even this was tough .
cleaning bathrooms , washing disgusting towels , taking punches as a sparring partner , all in the hope of a few hours of staying in a place that made him feel safe .
` ` i had no place to go , so i tried to steal from sawyer and got caught .
for the first time in her life , she understood the unique characteristics of a place to live and a place to thrive .
` ` my old place .
he was afraid to leave danny alone with asshole , but the sooner he got out , got a job and a place to stay , he could come back and get him .
it 's time i get my own place , and alexa 's loft sounds perfect .
a place to live on her own .
` ` what do you think of my new place ? ''
as he traveled upstate , a hidden jewel revealed herself in the majestic mountains of the hudson valley , and he knew he 'd found the place he could finally call home .
the end they were at his place , and he was fixing her a drink .
i have to go check on her at her place - hope you guys do n't mind ? ''
` ` do you mind if we stop at my place so i can pick up my purse ? ''
theresa had to admit it was a nice place to stay .
` ` can you come by my place about eight ?
` ` are you disappointed that we 're not staying at your place ? ''
` ` you have a nice place , '' he said , forking up some beans with a tortilla chip .
` ` he 's planning on cooking an early thanksgiving dinner for us at his place .
the places she and her mother had lived afterward had been barren and devoid of color .
last night he told me he planned to take her to his place and keep her in bed for a week . ''
please - help me find another place to stay or i ' m going to have to go home . ''
` ` i think i know of a place where you can stay .
from the look of things , she 'd settled right in as though she owned the place .
` ` i thought you should know because ... well , because i plan to rent my own place as soon as i can after i find something .
when she 'd gotten the job with boeing , it had been understood she 'd need to wait for a couple of paychecks before she could afford to rent her own place .
i do n't smoke and i ' ve recently moved into the area and need a place to live .
i moved in after you and i split and sort of inherited it when rush and lindy moved into their own place recently . ''
i know he drove over to your place right after that and then we did n't hear from him again .
he was half a block away from her place when he noticed her car .
she 'd come to his place with a silly button in her hand and lovemaking on her mind .
he asked her about the places she 'd lived , and she answered him as straightforwardly as she could , trying not to let the resentment seep into her voice .
i did n't mean to crash at your place . ''
if they went back to his place , there was no question in his mind that she 'd spend the night in his bed .
` ` i happened to be in the neighborhood and decided it would n't do any harm to drive by his place and see what steve was up to .
it was clear he 'd made an effort to clean up the place a bit .
all evening her mind had played tricks on her , listing the places he might have gone , the people he could be with , until everything had crashed together in regret and confusion .
angie got upset with me because there was a cockroach in the house , as if it 's my duty as her husband to rid the place of bugs .
she 'd stuffed her clothes in her oversized purse , but asking for a place to change would seem as if she planned an extended stay .
once they assign you a place to stay , keep low . ''
this is our one - bedroom model , perfect for a couple with no kids , or if you have kids , a place to get away from the little cowpokes .
you could move your parents into a place right near our house .
` ` i probably should go on down to my own place and ... check on things . ''
she would tell harry goodbye now , at the door to their place .
` ` i ' m moving into a place that allows pets . ''
even more significant , she 'd be willing to end up in a kitchen alone with mitchell if she were guaranteed a toasty place with zero wind .
his personal places .
` ` no wonder he wanted you to come over to his place and look at his sculptures . ''
` ` you do n't have to go out to his place to see them , '' betsy said .
` ` um , how close is your place to the cabin you rented for me ? ''
i ' m neat and i do n't have a huge place .
zoe was used to full - blast sunlight at her place on the beach .
he went right by your place . ''
she wanted more than her little house in a cute new england town and more than a place to create her inventions .
charlie could hardly wait to leave middlesex , while eve had finally found a place she wanted to call home .
once they got to her place and unloaded the cooking oil , he 'd tell her that he was going to take a couple of vacation days from work .
eunice tore her place apart looking for spare batteries .
` ` i thought i needed to live here , but i figured out that all i really need is a place to come home to . ''
we 'll have a place we both know and love , a place to come home to . ''
we 'll have a place we both know and love , a place to come home to . ''
` ` but you need traveling money , and cash to rent a place to live , and maybe buy a car . ''
jared swept an arm to encompass a place that was easily twice as big as the dinky little cabin neil shared with bj .
better yet , we can have dinner at my place . ''
after that they could leave and have a drink together , and she might invite him to her place .
that way , after dinner we can go back to my place and relax . ''
i always thought we should be able to have pets , and i would have moved to a place that allows pets , but i ' ve made so many friends here that i hate to leave .
then as she totaled her receipts , she eavesdropped shamelessly as each of the women who 'd clustered around him during the evening made a bid for spending more time with him , extending invitations for coffee , hot chocolate , a nightcap at their place .
her apartment furniture was basic and a little worn , but the place was neat , without things scattered everywhere .
we 'll go from here to my place , then back to yours and get busy . ''
it probably belonged to him , whereas she 'd rented her place furnished .
she has an arsenal of goodies at her place .
` ` he 'd only track me to your place .
now , she had a place .
it was the only place she could think to go when she needed comfort and peace .
` ` can i sleep at your place tonight ?
you can come see my new place .
she was going back to her place .
let 's go to your place since we 're so close . ''
i managed to get to work without bethy ever knowing i 'd needed to crash at her place last night .
bears probably crept through the quiet subdivisions at night , looking for places that not long ago had been theirs .
she stared out the window at this new place of hers .
if her aunt had seen some of the places lexi had lived in her life , she would n't have made excuses for this pretty little trailer .
lexi felt a rush of affection for this woman who had changed her life , given her a place to belong .
` ` my daddy woulda shot oscar if he 'd showed his face at our place , so we waited .
fall would come and rain would pound the color out of everything , and this place would become another ragged reminder of their loss .
i have no place to live , and i doubt like hell i 'll be hired at any decent job .
` ` she had a job and a place to live . ''
the whole place smelled of the beach at low tide .
it 's going to be hard for me to get a job and hard to afford a place to live .
i do n't have a job or a place to live .
she 'd lived here for over thirty years , and it was home to her , even more than the place she 'd lived as a child .
this was the place where their home was what it was supposed to be ; this was the place where adrienne had always felt most content .
this was the place where their home was what it was supposed to be ; this was the place where adrienne had always felt most content .
or reorganizing the clinic to make it more efficient , or coming up with brilliant ideas to make the place more livable for us .
she remembered going to visit her father in the nursing home after mark had left , the place her father would never have to leave .
` ` so my place or yours ? ''
` ` um ... where is your place exactly ? ''
` ` i ... .um ... .do n't think your place is a good idea , then . ''
` ` how about my place ?
` ` so how about dinner around seven and then back to your place ? ''
i need to get my car since we 're going to my place . ''
` ` if you 're finished , suzanna , i ' m more than ready to go to your place , '' gray said .
are you keeping your place there even though you will be living in myrtle beach ? ''
i ' m sure i 'll be going back and forth between the two cities a lot and i ' m rather attached to my place there .
reva was n't feeling well when we finished dinner so i took her back to my place to make sure she was going to be ok .
when he opened the door to his brother 's home , he was surprised at how much he 'd missed the place .
he had no right to order her around and , by god , she was n't going to let some stranger waltz into the parking lot before she 'd seen had her morning coffee and kick her out of her damn place .
grandma worked in town and had her own boyfriend , ed ; she spent most nights working or at his place , so lydia lived a comfortable , if awkward , twentysomething life in the city with a roommate who considered matlock reruns to be the height of entertainment .
` ` let 's go , recharge our batteries , fuel up , and then ... your place ? ''
` ` ... come back to my place for a drink ? ''
going back to her place was a natural next step , perfectly within the order of an evolving relationship , except this was n't .
his looked like a sleek late ' 6 's or early ' 70s , slim lines kind of place , while hers was definitely more from the earlier half of the twentieth century .
hunter - green shutters bracketed each window , but still the whole place looked ... untended .
i thought ... if i could just give her a home , a safe place where we could raise our kids , everything would be okay .
the first person he saw was captain joe nation , the man who had given nick a place to live all those years ago .
she did n't have to close her eyes to see another place , a place where winters were real .
shadows was the only place she 'd ever felt safe .
` ` because i had no place else to go and the one behind shadows was n't crowded with drug addicts and pimps searching for fresh meat . ''
` ` i ' m staying at your place .
` ` my aunt janice arrived and my parents asked me to take her over to my brother 's place , '' sherry explained .
the road made a switchback further on and curved back on itself , arriving gently at the mcgillivrays ' place , a hundred feet below .
the small group of buildings - the old place , the new place , ronnie sinclair 's cooper 's shop , dai jones 's blacksmith 's forge and cabin - were mostly dark , but the lower windows of the mcgillivrays ' new place were striped with light , leaking through the cracks of the shutters , and a bonfire in front of the house made a brilliant blot of light against the dark .
it occurred to me that he had n't been to the surgery before ; it was a good five miles to the mcgillivrays ' place , and frau mcgillivray was entirely capable of dealing with her family 's minor ills .
as they watched , he shook his head like a dog shedding water , and set off with decision in the direction of his own place .
` ` he 's ridden ahead , to find a place for ye all to live , once ye ' ve got there .
i debated trying to pick the lock and rummage through his private correspondence , but there were too many people about : seamen , marines , ship 's boys , visitors - the place was seething .
we had a place to return to .
she looked round , taking fresh note of all the homely details of the place : the chickens scratching peaceably in the dirt ; the soft , weathered boards of the stable ; the thrown - up dirt near the foundation of the house where the white pig had burrowed in .
` ` my father used to get together a gang of men from the church once or twice a year , and bring them up to keep the place in order , but i ' m afraid it 's rather gone to seed lately . ''
` ` we 'll find you some food and a place to sleep .
perhaps he should have let her go , back to her own place .
` ` nice place you have here , '' i remarked graciously to the duke , who had been standing before the fire , hands folded beneath his coattail as he watched me , an expression of wary amusement on the broad , florid face .
the crooked door creaked to as he left , assisting jack randall to the place where he would spend his wedding night , alone .
soon , god willing , we would settle ; find a place to make a home and a life .
` ` how shall i tell ye what it is , to feel the need of a place ? ''
it was nearly two miles from the cabin , located - as he explained - close to fergus 's place , so that marsali could come up several times a day to keep an eye on the operation .
he used to joke that she - that she 'd leave us someday , and go find a place where she could live by herself , with nothing but her plants . ''
it was his own place , after all ; there was no one to see the marks on his back , and no one whose business it would be to care if they did .
she was a grown woman , brianna - she should have a wee place of her own , to be private in , she and the maid .
still , he shared equally in their food and was given a decent place to sleep , at the end of the house .
better - she thinks - to get you married to a man she knows will take good care of her place ; add it to his own , maybe , make a truly grand place for you . ''
perhaps i should wait until mrs . fitz 's merry maids had had a chance to clean the place before i continued my investigations .
and with her , i thought , went my hopes of any imminent escape and return to my own place .
because of uncle lamb 's work , i had lived in a great many places , many even cruder and more lacking in amenities than this one .
go back to your place , to your ... husband .
` ` you have been gone from your place for nearly a year .
also , the fraser family was rich in connections here ; perhaps we could find a place on an estate owned by a relative or friend , and live peacefully in the country .
` ` and we 'll need a place to go , soon .
more than one highland man had come home to his place to find it burned and black , his family gone .
men fighting - or preparing to fight - needed the idea of home as a place of utter safety ; the conviction that all was well there kept them in good heart and on their feet , marching , enduring .
josiah had - he told jamie - always intended to return and rescue his brother , so soon as he could contrive a place for them to live .
it was her home , her private place , her family 's place .
she 'll find a secure place with us . ''
geordie 's no carpenter , and i dinna want the place to fall down about his ears . ''
jocasta 's wedding was clearly going to be the social event of the year , so far as cape fear society was concerned ; there must be nearly two hundred people here , from places as far distant as halifax and edenton .
maybe exhaustion , maybe just the blessings of good health and a clear conscience - but he sometimes thought it was eagerness to escape into that private dreamscape of hers , that place where she roamed free at the wheel of her car , hair snapping in the wind .
she might mean only that they had moved to some new place , but ... there were baby 's things in her wash ; her son was with her here .
in case she should need a place to go , sometime . ''
no , jamie would have taken one more step , and seen the christies offered not only hospitality but lodging , a place to stay until they could achieve some shelter of their own .
but we do n't know that the electricity is on all over the city , and we do n't know what kind of situation you 'll find at your place .
i wo n't pick up after you , i do n't like cooking and i wo n't tolerate dirty clothes strewn all over the place . ''
` ` did you hear he 's found a place to rent ? ''
he 's over at your place , holding your hand and feeding you chicken soup .
` ` i ... i ' ve got to get back to my sister 's place .
if he had n't come across her , she 'd probably be on the bus already , heading for her sister 's place .
` ` my uncle 's place .
` ` no , i 'll pick you up at your place .
who would ' ve guessed he 'd actually come over to my place ?
other than the weird pets , the place was very nice .
as kevin ushered her out the door , his hand firmly planted on the small of her back , abby called after melanie , ` ` can i come by your place and see it ? ''
it would take time for her to get used to living in a new place , for her heart and arm to heal , and for life to move forward .
` ` i wanted to see your sheep and li thinks he is ready to begin his duties as cook , so i brought him over to see your place and make sure that 's what he really wants to do , '' nora said , looking over her shoulder at li .
while she 'd dearly love to stay home , her curiosity was driving her to visit ashton 's place .
` ` you 're a busy man with your own place to run , garrett .
quiet on the ride home , garrett seemed more like himself as they neared her place , wrapping his arm around her shoulder and pulling her against his side .
once she stopped crying , he 'd been trying to convince her to stay at his place where nora could fuss over her and he could keep an eye on her until they caught whoever was making the threats .
` ` some folks , men , just do n't cotton to the idea of a woman running her own place and doing it quiet well . ''
if he really did take aundy and was behind all the terror at her place , he 'd do a lot more than break ashton 's perfect , aristocratic nose .
at least she 'd have a place to stay .
god knows he did n't want her to think that because he 'd offered her a place to stay he expected sex in return .
i ' ve offered you a place to stay and a top - drawer introduction to paris .
heating the place in the winter did n't bother him , but he 'd balked at air conditioning .
` ` valerie invited me to her place for dinner . ''
` ` just so you know , i told her i was having a drink with you tonight before i came over to her place . ''
if going to her place tonight could ruin that , then he should n't do it .
inviting him to her place so they could explore this attraction on a deeper level was an obvious next move .
therefore she should n't worry about how her place looked , but she was n't that strong .
` ` i took care of everything and even cleaned your place .
` ` what do you mean , you have no place to go ? ''
how 'd you find his place , anyway ?
and bring him to dinner at my place tomorrow .
` ` listen , i ' ve got to get him to his place before he wakes up .
why do n't you come over to my place after work tonight ? ''
` ` i can make a place for you .
he was quite attractive , real y ... . ` ` where 's your place ? ''
` ` my mom has a place there .
why do n't i get settled at your place while you set up ? ''
` ` my place wil be ful of monitors and computer equipment .
she can come to our place or we can go over there .
we also decided to cal beth and chad and invite them to our place for dinner as soon as possible .
you need a place to stay ? ''
jared 's place ? ''
` ` but i told the doctor i was visiting my boyfriend at his place , '' i remind her .
she gives me a tour of her place , and then we go into her room .
even though she 's barely twenty - one and three years younger than me , she 's the one living out in the world , sending me postcards from different places , telling mom and dad and i of her ` ` lovers . ''
he picked me up at my place less than an hour ago , and he looks sharp in a men in black suit .
whom i shared bedrooms with , until i got my own place .
the second night he invited her over to his place , a well - designed house on the hills .
the place looked as though a hurricane had swept through it .
as much as his place screamed money , it managed to remain warm and welcoming , a comfortable place to relax and feel pampered .
` ` i mean , i 'd like to see what you would do , '' i went on , ` ` if you came over to my place and caught an ex- boyfriend stepping outside still tucking his shirt in his pants .
` ` i 'll cook at my place . ''
` ` there 's a starbucks on the corner by our place . ''
he 'd placed me on his approved list weeks before , a gesture that meant so much more to him and me than it would to others because gideon 's home was his sanctuary , a place he allowed few visitors to see .
my room was down the hall and i went to it , pausing on the threshold to absorb the weirdness of seeing my bedroom replicated in gideon 's place .
` ` at his place , waiting for him .
` ` i went to your place looking for you .
` ` you left your key at my place . ''
i think he felt comfortable at my place , which was more modern traditional .
i left a note for cary where he 'd see it as soon as he woke up , then headed out to grab a cab back to our place .
who 's at your place with you ? ''
we took a cab back to my place .
when i showed him into my apartment , his sweeping gaze took in the size of the place .
as i walked home , i entertained thoughts of having brett over for dinner instead , imagining angus having to make that call to gideon when brett came strolling up to my place .
` ` my guy 's grandparents have a place out there .
she tried to imagine herself living in a place so nice , but it was too big and too empty to feel comfortable .
she 'd redecorated his place room by room , finishing with the guest room savannah now stood in .
cole wondered if she 'd be game for continuing things back at her place .
` ` let 's go to your place , '' sali suggested , placing a hand over the already hard budge in his jeans and gave him a squeeze .
she was the brightest thing in that place - a light of wonder emanating from her green eyes even that day as she drank him in .
she needed a place to stay - i gave her one .
then i 'll drive over to your place , peter , and wait for your mother there . ''
when he first met her and invited her back to his place , he 'd thought it would be an enjoyable night in the sack with a hot girl who had some killer curves .
we did some shots of tequila and then you suggested going back to my place for a threesome .
he had a cousin drop by once a week to keep the place from looking abandoned , so when he finally walked into his house in the suburb of sterling heights , it was clean , the lawn mowed , the fridge empty of molding food and spoiled milk .
she has a few things at my place back in detroit , but that 's easy enough to take care of .
it makes travel easier , if i have some place to call my own .
as much as i like traveling , seeing new places , i like having some place other than a hotel to come back to .
so he does have some place to be .
i finally got my place off the ground ; i work and i go home .
` ` we 're going to rent a movie and go to her place . ''
this is your place , not your upstairs bedroom back home . ''
they 'd continued the conversation over beers and tequila shots at a bar up the street , and then at her place , where they 'd had marathon sex until well after the sun came up .
if they had snipers stationed around her place to take out anyone who dared approach her door , i would n't be surprised . ''
said we could crash at their place . ''
it did n't take an expert in quantum physics to realize what would happen here tonight : they would get drunk , go back to his or her place , and do all night the very thing he 'd denied her over and over again .
she 's got her own place , but she 's still under their thumb .
stupidly , she 'd worn it to entice him when they talked , hoping they 'd end up back at her place again .
come in , let us buy you margaritas all night , we 'll chauffeur you around and you can crash at my place . ''
she 'd told him all along that he could give her ink when he could do it in his own place .
` ` let 's go back to your place anyway , '' starla said .
brian 's place was neat and sparse , a typical bachelor pad , she imagined .
` ` i ca n't leave , man , i got ta - '' ` ` look , i realize you 're worried about your place and getting it cleaned up , but there 's nothing else you can do here right now and i do n't want to see you hauled off in handcuffs .
the police had been interested in the fact that his place had been vandalized the very night of the fight .
past the need to throw her over his shoulder and run out the back door , hold her captive at his place until she finally cracked and swore to be his for the rest of their lives .
they both kept their own places , but in the couple of months they 'd been together - finally , truly together - he thought he could count on one hand the number of nights they 'd spent apart .
` ` look , if i have to haul you back to my place and sit on you until you dry out , i will . ''
but nothing prepared him for the ` ` weird '' that greeted him when macy flipped on a lamp inside her place .
` ` i ' m gon na show you talk when we get back to my place . ''
` ` your place , huh ? ''
because the girl i saw in those pictures at your place ... she looked fearless .
but what i saw there that night at your place , in those pictures , it was n't what i was seeing in you .
but she found herself hanging out at her parents ' place a lot more than usual , enduring mom 's concerned frown and her dad 's jovial obliviousness .
they went to her place because it was closer .
gabby 's parents had been more than willing to help her out financially - they always had - and get her a place of her own , but she 'd been so busy , there was little time to look .
` ` i take it we 're going to your place , because remember , i ' m staying with my parents . ''
she wanted to escape ... and she wanted to go back to his place and lie in his arms all day .
her periods were usually all over the place , and she really could n't do the pill because it made her crazy .
last week she 'd gone to dallas and found her place .
he had n't been able to have many friends , because inevitably they 'd start to wonder why they could n't hang at his place every now and then , or why he often could n't go out on the weekends .
` ` at his place .
she 'd asked if he would be willing to move back , find his own place , get his old job back if he had to , just to be close to her .
` ` but- '' ` ` i 'll call a cab from your place .
she was mildly surprised dominic was n't using the porsche she 'd seen occasionally at his parents ' place , but this was more a family vehicle and perfect for long trips and children .
the housekeeper came later that morning to give the place a tidy up , bringing a selection of fresh food and supplies .
` ` to my old place .
i even asked if we could go live with him at your place .
she did n't need a roommate , but caroline needed a place to stay and mia liked the company .
aside from the fact that caroline needed a place to stay , mia had wanted the company .
text me to let me know you made it back to your place safely .
i 'll take you to my place . ''
by the time dev left his lakeshore drive apartment in a taxi bound for jamie 's place , he 'd convinced himself that he 'd be a fool to let her know he was attracted to her .
the place had looked functional , like jamie , without a lot of extraneous stuff lying around .
he was damned lucky he 'd even found a cab , but he 'd been so eager to make his exit that he had n't wanted to call one from her place .
if she wanted to go alone , he 'd get her a cab ... then follow it to make sure she got into her place safe and sound .
joe sat in his truck for a few minutes after leaving meg 's place .
trying to remember to look hot and desirable instead of goofy and needy , she said , ` ` would you like to come back to my place ?
he hoped it would be earlier than that , because he intended to tell her the truth over dinner , and be back at his place making it up to her by ten .
` ` why are these deliveries coming to your place , anyway ? ''
* * * the last time she 'd seen him ; he 'd been broke and had been about to get kicked out of his place .
but ... '' he sat up in bed , resting his forearms on his knees ` ` ... i was thinking , we need to start looking for some place to live . ''
as much as i adore the soap here , i 'd rather have our own place . ''
` ` nice place you have here , royce . ''
she could have gone back to his place , but billie did have her pride .
` ` how about we just go back to your place and you can show me the inside of your bedroom instead ? ''
after hitting the button that had the phone number of hayes ' place saved in the phone 's memory , she waited for her sister - in - law to pick up on the other end .
i 'll be at your place in ten minutes .
i called your place first and i kept getting your answering machine . ''
i figured it went well since you were n't at your place when hayes started calling you practically at the crack of dawn . ''
even though she was going over to royce 's place right after work , she did n't want to put him in the position of having to drive her back to her apartment in the morning so she could get her car .
instead of taking him back to her place , the woman had led the mortal to the back alley behind the club where gren had been waiting .
you could n't even move out of the house and get separate places of your own . ''
she supposed she should be grateful to have any place at all .
she could have been forced from her home with no place to go and no recourse but to earn her way in life on her back .
` ` i ' ve no doubt you 're used to better care than i can offer , but ' t is the truth i have no place to shelter you .
you 'll not turn her out in the midst of the winter with no place to go and no home to call her own .
she 'd offered to let lexi stay with her until she found a place , but lexi said she would n't bring trouble to helen 's doorstep when she clearly had enough of her own .
if zach had spilled so much as one drop of blood on the driveway , this place would be swarming with them soon .
not having a house will give me a good excuse to stay at her place for a while so i wo n't hurt her pride . ''
` ` because if you do , i ' m going to make sure that you have a safe place to live for the rest of your life and something meaningful to do with it .
she had n't lived in the same place for more than six months since she was seventeen .
finally , andra could be sure that nika was always going to have a place to live .
the place was a mess , with clothes strewn everywhere .
for a brief moment , the place felt odd to her , not quite like the home it had always been .
the place was neat , with only a few pieces of art on the walls - all seascapes .
take me back to your place . ''
they 'd gotten her the job with gus and made sure she had a paycheck and a place to sleep every night .
she 'd been living here for a few weeks , and kept meaning to decorate the place , maybe repaint a couple of rooms , but she just had n't had the time .
if the kind of power that could do this much damage did n't bring this place down , the few bricks of c-4 in her trunk were n't going to even make a dent .
` ` helen does n't have her own place .
they gave me a place to sleep .
joseph flipped , which is totally understandable , and now these two are leaking testosterone all over my new place . ''
she could feel the emptiness of this place without him , and the need to seek him out grew stronger with every breath she took .
in fact , it took her a few seconds to separate the two feelings so she did n't start trashing her new place to vent out some of the feral emotion .
she really needed her own place , but now did n't seem like the best time to bring it up .
he 'd taken care of her basic needs - given her a place to live , food .
as always , their mental meeting place resembled the bedroom they once had shared - the place from which tori had been taken .
she 'd never leave this place , not after what happened to us . ''
` ` we could spend one week here and one at my place .
she 'd insisted that hope stay indoors tonight , but the nun had never truly felt the frigid desperation of having no place to go .
she 'll have a home and a place she belongs and people who would give their lives for her .
once she had no place to go , flushing her out of hiding would be much easier .
of course he had n't known then that she 'd intended to use it to find herself a new place to live and a job .
what if she could n't even find a place to live ?
the door to her suite opened and iain walked in as if he owned the place .
` ` i realize it will never replace the things you lost , but at least you 'll have a place of your own . ''
` ` you once wanted to travel to faraway places , '' jess reminded , hating to see her sister so distressed .
they 'd purchased the town house just before their wedding ; it was to have been a fresh beginning for both of them , a place free of any taint of the past .
she was a restless , forlorn little spirit , drifting around in search of a place of her own .
` ` being under the same roof with lanette and corliss is enough to make me think about buying my own place in town . ''
1.75 ten days later , webb walked in the front door as if he owned the place , which to all intents and purposes he did .
like herself , he needed to break away from davencourt and have a place of his own .
lanette and greg will have to find another place to live , too .
it would n't be right for you to leave just so i 'll have a place to stay . ''
aunt lucinda might have one foot in the grave , but until they 're both there , this place is n't yours . ''
` ` she told me that she plans to buy her own place . ''
` ` what do you say we finish up our five shots and head to my place ? ''
` ` if we 're going back to your place , one or both of us needs to stop drinking now .
you can follow me back to my place . ''
` ` hey , when we get to your place , do you have wireless internet ?
katia 's apartment was actually a nice place .
you 'll stay at my place , then . ''
` ` yet here you are at his place , '' she murmured to herself , grabbing her weekend bag from the passenger seat .
` ` i heard ana 's back in town and staying at your place . ''
maybe she was licking her wounds after a bad breakup , swearing off men for a while and retreating to a place where she 'd be left alone .
he went along with the suggestion only because he wanted to get a closer look at her place without making her nervous about it .
` ` wan na stop by your sister 's place ? ''
` ` you going back to the inspector 's place ? ''
when he showed up at your place so upset about tying the arsons in with the murder - i took a shot in the dark . ''
you were staying the night at my place ... we were working the case during the day ... '' a choked noise escaped her as her chest tightened painfully .
she , too , liked the idea of us having our own place , free to decorate it and come and go as we wanted .
i did , and in about a minute , he had a fire going to warm the place up .
there were all these flowers and bushes around our place .
at least she could provide money enough to find a place to live in freedom , in seclusion maybe , but still living .
will liked to walk around at his place - several acres in the north woods outside of town - completely nude .
learning to see through those glamours is part of the process of calling any place home .
alec throws leslie out of their apartment , and she ends up at her best friend kevin 's place .
he said that if the place caught on fire he wanted to know he did n't have too many flights of stairs to take to get the hell out .
it was time tripp went back to his place in south carolina and i found a life .
` ` i ' m going to see if i can convince her to go back to my place in south carolina with me .
i have a place there and it will be good for you to stay in one place longer than a day and think about stuff . ''
` ` a thousand dollars if you can get it to my place in two hours . ''
` ` maybe i should just go to your place tonight . ''
if i go back to my place '' -- -he lowered his voice , although he was still talking really loudly -- - '' she will come . ''
` ` why do n't you want to go to your place ?
he had been gone for about a week and packed up his place in south carolina .
chapter 7 rachel stood outside her old house , keys in hand , staring at the place she 'd called home for her entire married life to ethan .
in their new home , a place that would be the foundation of their future .
the sky threatens us with rain , but since the heater is out at my place , with my luck , i ' m betting on snow .
he 's letting me crash at his place , but i ca n't mooch off him forever . ''
` ` he has a lot of parties at his place . ''
after the winter break i was getting a place of my own .
they 're interested in going back to our place and showing us a good time .
i was considering finding a new place to stay .
because i have the key you sent me , '' she said , dangling the key i 'd mailed her once i 'd gotten my shit out of ace 's apartment and gotten my own place .
still , if she was n't to encounter over and over the same reaction she 'd met with tonight , she would have to look , if not respectable , at least as if she had a place to live .
she bought a newspaper , found a seat , put on her glasses , and began looking through the tiny , densely printed classifieds for a place to stay .
two phone calls later , she had a place to stay and directions on how to get there , including which train and buses to take .
grace sat very still , waiting for this newfound friend to become an ex - friend , and wondering if she would have to find a new place to live .
` ` not knowing if you were okay , if you had a place to stay- '' ` ` sometimes yes , sometimes no , '' she said , patting his back .
once in her room , she straightened up the place , although judging from trey 's intense focus , he would n't care if the room was trashed .
` ` this place has a pool ? ''
he seemed completely at home , as if he lived here , and yet she was sure he 'd planned to rent a place in jackson once he started his job there .
` ` you can sleep at our place , '' gabe said .
she 'd given up sleeping at her own place and spent the nights at her mother 's house instead .
until nine years ago , he 'd worked at various odd jobs around the country , never staying in any one place for long .
she 's cleaned and repainted the place and ordered a hospital bed and whatever else dr . berilo suggested .
though she would stay at their parents ' place , she was usually wired after the drive and in the mood to talk , and their parents would already be in bed .
there was no window , and the desk took up most of the room , but as long as she kept the clutter under control , it was still nice to have a place to call her own .
` ` and ... you can be in love with him at my place .
` ` this is why i bought my place , '' she finally said .
` ` is the hot tub at your place still warm ? ''
it was inevitable for people to try to create a sense of normalcy in a place where nothing was normal .
nonetheless , the workplace remained tense for gabby , and a few weeks later , dr . furman called gabby into the office and suggested that she consider trying to find another place to work .
i think it would be easier and better for you if you take the time to find a place where you 're comfortable and simply put this awful thing behind you . ''
eighteen the house they built was the kind of place in which travis could imagine spending the rest of his life .
and on their first night in their new home , as they lay on the canopy bed , gabby rolled toward travis with an expression of pure contentment , her voice almost a purr : ` ` this place , with you by my side , is where i 'll always want to be . ''
` ` believe it or not , i ' ve always liked the fact that you stormed over to my place that night , and not just because we ended up getting married .
i 'll just head over to your place and see the girls . ''
while travis spent the tours wondering whether gabby would be happy in a place like this or whether she 'd be the youngest patient in the nursing home , stephanie asked the hard questions .
and at the end of the week , when he was getting ready to head for home , he made her a proposal : if she moved to swansboro , north carolina , he would help her get a full - time job and a place to stay .
mabel had given julie a job and a place to stay eleven years earlier and julie would never forget that , but eleven years was long enough for julie to know she would have enjoyed mabel 's company had none of those things happened .
this project is nice because i 'll be here for a while and i was able to find a place to rent .
` ` you wan na go back to your place , baby ? ''
i 'd have to pick you up at your place around four o'clock . ''
when mabel invited all of us over to her place so we 'd have a chance to meet you ? ''
then you find out that richard is coming around her place in the middle of the night and hanging around for god knows how long and you decide not to tell her that it sounds a little weird to you ?
and i do n't like the thought of this guy hanging around her place in the middle of the night .
there 's a place on the island that 's really nice .
` ` i ' m sorry for coming by so late , but i wanted to say hi before heading back to my place . ''
he also said that he promised you he 'd find you a job and a place to live if you came up here . ''
it was late by the time they made it back to her place , and again they kissed on the porch .
he came and went as he pleased , wanting nothing more than a place to sleep and food to eat .
` ` so i heard you made her dinner at your place a little bit ago . ''
on tuesday , after she 'd gone to bed - mike had gone back to his place for the night - there were four calls before she 'd finally unplugged the phone .
when mike parked on the street in front of his place , she found herself looking over her shoulder and straining to hear anything out of the ordinary .
` ` you still coming over to my place tonight ? ''
a man needs a place to call home , and this way , we could be neighbors . ''
` ` neither one of you mentioned anything about andrea being seen with him , and we found andrea after we left your place last night .
` ` do you want to stay at my place instead ? ''
i want to know if anyone else has seen this guy at her place ... ... ` ` johnson - likewise for you .
a few months later , the roommate was beaten with a golf club after leaving his girlfriend 's place , and spent three weeks in the hospital .
despite the expected rust stains , a leaky faucet , and cigarette bums , the place was cleaner than he 'd imagined it might be .
inside , it was pretty much the same story : great bones , but the place needed modern updates , especially in the kitchen and bathrooms .
` ` yes , i ' m temporarily staying at the motel , but i do intend to find a place to live around here .
on sunday , on the way home after leaving the kennel , he 'd picked up a newspaper and searched the classifieds for a place to rent .
she 'd once dreamed of having her own place , but the timing had never seemed right .
` ` and if you want to know the truth , this is the first time i ' ve been alone with a man at his place since my divorce . ''
next , they spend a few days having dinner at her place , trading the kinds of drippy stares you saw in crappy hollywood movies .
the longer he stayed in hampton , the more it felt to him like this was the place he belonged , and that meant he had to not only watch out for clayton , but avoid the man as much as possible .
he used to enjoy coming over to my place .
chapter 36 beth as fate would have it , nana was in the kennel office when keith stormed into the house and closed the door behind him , acting as if he owned the place .
winter was coming , and he 'd spent a few days at her place last week repairing her roof , replacing broken windows and sealing the others , and fixing her wood stove .
we boarded up our home because neither of us could bear to sell it , signed some papers , and received a place to live and die in exchange for some of the freedom for which we had worked a lifetime .
they found a new place to live , something smaller , and even though nine - year - olds have little comprehension of death and how to deal with it , taylor knew exactly what his mother was trying to tell him .
i ' m heading right by your place , and i 'd be happy to drop it all off for you . ''
` ` do you think you could do anything with this place ? ''
a few minutes later taylor walked up the cracked cement steps to the small place he called home .
i let him stay over at my place . ''
because she visits less frequently than i , i think she had retained the image of how this place used to look , not how it looked today .
i mean , can you imagine how long it takes to dust this place ?
my mom was tremendously proud to finally have a home she could call her own , and she spent much of the next few years fixing the place up and adding her own splashes of personality .
the girls stayed in our room for a half hour or so and invited us down to their friends ' place .
while i showed them around the place that had been my home for the previous four years , i talked mainly about cathy and how much she 'd come to mean to me in the previous two months .
when our cocker spaniel puppy reached twenty pounds , we were evicted from our apartment and had to find a new place to live .
the peach walls were offset by white trim , giving the place a homey , country feel ; toward the rear of the building , he caught a glimpse of the kitchen .
along the far wall was a stone fireplace , with a painting hung above it , and the windows , narrow though they were , offered just enough sunlight to give the place an almost homey feel .
but the memories of spending parts of her youth here never ceased to calm her , and after storing her bags and the groceries she 'd picked up for the weekend , she 'd opened the windows to air out the place .
she was thirty - one , alone and living in a place without any prospects .
there are some pictures in the living room of how this place looked back then . ''
small town , the only place to stay ?
` ` anyway , when he was leaving , i went over to talk to this guy to see if he was planning to head over to her place and what kind of guy he was and he starts insulting me .
even if they had their own place , which i did n't , i never believed them when they told me they liked their job as ditch digger or window washer or porta potti hauler , because i knew full well that none of those were the kinds of occupations they 'd grown up dreaming about .
one of my buddies had grown up there , and three of us crashed at his parents ' place .
as long as i 'd known it , it had looked run - down , with a broad , cluttered porch , peeling paint , and a crooked roofline that made it appear as if the place were about to fall over , despite the fact that it had been weathering hurricanes since the 1940s .
i had no idea why i 'd come , or even why i 'd ever made this a regular hangout , other than the fact that it was here and i had no place else to go .
not for the first time did i wish i had my own place .
it was n't her place , and i told her so .
i had n't expected otherwise , and the room was a lot better than most places i 'd stayed , with classic furniture and a comfortable mattress .
his home was the only place my father knew , the only place he felt comfortable .
his home was the only place my father knew , the only place he felt comfortable .
from the yard , i stared at the house , thinking of my father and knowing that i 'd never see this place again .
` ` she lives out on old mill road , next to her parents ' place . ''
` ` this is just the kind of place i imagined you 'd live , '' i finally said .
in some ways , it reminded me of my dad 's place .
the place was n't decaying , but it was dusty from years of neglect , andthe landlord offered to buy the supplies if katie was willing to spruce it up .
i think benson collected asmuch dust as he possibly could and stored it at my place .
` ` my place was the same way . ''
your place is bright and cheery .
not to her family and not to her friends , butsomewhere else , a place where even her husband could n't find her .
when i first moved here , i remember thinking that there was n't a chancei 'd ever stay in a place like this .
kristen needs a place to color and dress herdolls and josh needs a place to fish , and they both need to know that i ' m around whenever they need me .
kristen needs a place to color and dress herdolls and josh needs a place to fish , and they both need to know that i ' m around whenever they need me .
` ` how 's your place coming ? ''
between the hourshe worked at the store and her shifts at ivan 's , it was n't usually more than a few hours a day , but he anticipated hisvisits to her place with a sense of excitement he had n't felt in years .
katie seemed to understand his reluctance and did n't seem to mind , if only because itwas easier to be alone at her place .
inthree days , she 'd have no place to stay unless she could find a job .
she had stood here days earlier , he thought , and he wondered what she would do in astrange city with no money and no friends and no place to go .
she would n't want to walk far and shewould need a place to stay .
he found the first place she 'd stayed , but the owner didn'tknow where she 'd gone after that .
after drinking and flirting for another two hours , they ended up at her place .
` ` it 'll have to be at my place , so they go to bed at a reasonable hour . ''
why had she moved to a place ashellish as this ?
` ` but listen , when i get out , if you want me to driveyou over to your place so you can shower and change , i 'd be glad to do it .
had to find a place to stay the night .
the place was a far cry from the opulence of royal guest housing , but it was cozy and clean and undoubtedly well loved by mia and her father .
honestly , with how often i 'd been dragged away from places lately , there was almost something comfortably familiar about it .
give him a real place to stay and just keep guards on him until further decisions are made . ''
` ` i 'll go shower and change now and meet him at your place in an hour . ''
her place was bigger and could accommodate more guests .
` ` then we 'll come to your place .
` ` but the game ... '' ` ` you can watch it from my place . ''
` ` i like my place better .
she trotted to keep up with him as he turned right and headed down the corridor to his place .
` ` pizza party at my place . ''
i was more than ready to see my place , to find my groove .
once we had it figured out , i spent the rest of the day unpacking the boxes i 'd brought with me and trying to make the place feel like home .
` ` my place is just around the corner . ''
obviously caroline had paid a gardener to keep the place up .
` ` there 's a small house on the outskirts of the city - a place the foreign office keeps in the event that an agent 's cover becomes compromised .
he 'd made it abundantly clear that he hoped for the place to teem with a multitude of grandchildren , thereby adding to lucy 's guilt since the matter of producing babies was presently the furthest from her mind .
it was similar in size to moorland manor , but the architecture appeared more austere and foreboding - not at all the sort of place that he would have envisioned lucy growing up in .
a week at your place then a week at lucas 's ? ''
` ` why do n't you and i ditch the lovebirds and go back to my place ? ''
she stood staring at the shell of a place she 'd once lived .
she had already come to the conclusion that she needed to go home and talk to him rather than park herself at my place and cry on my shoulder .
` ` if i had my way , she 'd be at my place , in my bed and we damn well would n't have any company .
we 're going to go back to your place where we 're going to have a sane , reasonable discussion about the direction of our relationship .
the place looked so sterile and uninviting , as if no one really lived here .
what the hell did she think she was doing staying in a place like this ?
` ` you can stay with me until you find a decent place . ''
you can stay with me until you 're on your feet and then we can find you a good place to live .
` ` so you 're spending your evenings babysitting her at her place or what ?
` ` i need a cheap place to stay , and preferably somewhere that does n't need to know my life history . ''
if you were serious about looking for a place to stay , there 's actually an apartment in micah 's complex .
finding a place to live , however , was .
` ` i need to go over to your place to get my bag if that 's okay .
i know you do n't want me at your place , and there is no way i could afford this without connor 's help .
he and gray gave me some of gray 's wife 's old stuff and voila , here i am in my own place . ''
` ` let 's go over to my place and i 'll help you get the rest of your things to bring here , unless you 'd rather stay the night over at my place , until you get more settled in . ''
` ` let 's go over to my place and i 'll help you get the rest of your things to bring here , unless you 'd rather stay the night over at my place , until you get more settled in . ''
she 'd been adamant about staying in her own place after she 'd been released from the hospital .
` ` julie 's alone at her place too .
i can close it to the public for as long as you need a place to stay .
` ` we can stay at your place or my place , but you do n't stay alone , so make your choice . ''
` ` we can stay at your place or my place , but you do n't stay alone , so make your choice . ''
` ` i think we should stay at your place .
` ` she said she started to just drive and keep on driving , but she was tired and distraught and had the common sense to know she needed a safe place to stay . ''
i lean into avery , breathing in her scent and whisper , ` ` sleepover at my place ? ''
chapter 31 jase madison gives us a ride back to my place , and the reduced number of cars outside tells me the party has died down a bit .
a chance for him to find a home , a place to belong , things he 'd never had before .
she blushed as she admitted that , then frowned as she added , ` ` she said she ran a home for runaway girls and asked if i had a place to stay and if i was n't hungry .
when i said no , i had n't a place to stay , and that i was ever so hungry , she suggested i come back to her home and eat a meal .
there does not even appear to be anyone who cleans the place , at least not since i have arrived .
they had fred in the stable , a woman who came in the afternoons to keep the place clean and tidy , and unless they felt the need to throw a soireeat which point extra temporary help could be brought inthat was all they needed .
i have to unpack and clean this place up .
i just hope my being at your place did n't cause problems for you and nicole . ''
i was taking her to my place instead .
did she send him little texts asking him to meet her places ?
the curtains were drawn , letting sunlight inside , and the windows were open , allowing a fresh , cool breeze to waft through the place .
he considered joining the military or just renting his own place , but before he could make any decisions his father showed up unexpectedly at the garage .
i can get a job as a waitress or whatever , and we can rent a place . ''
although she knew it was pointless to wonder how different her life might have been if she and dawson had stayed together , lately she 'd felt the need to return to this place with increasing regularity .
amanda had once bought tuck a flowering planter to spruce up the place , and it still stood in the corner of the porch , though the flowers had long since withered away .
until i showed up at his place that night , i 'd never talked to tuck before . ''
that he went to tuck 's place with a gun to hunt you down , and you did n't feel the need to even mention this yesterday ? ''
he had his own place , courtesy of mom , and the utilities were paid by the orchard , which meant any money he earned was pretty much his own .
it was the fourth place he 'd stayed in the last four days and the weekend had left him both physically exhausted and emotionally spent .
` ` did she leave her car at your place ? ''
if they traced the dark energy and it led them straight back to faye 's house , the place where it had most recently escaped ... faye was looking at her sharply , wanting her to veto the suggestion .
and i need you to stay with him at my place while i find his family .
the kind of man who would only be interested in coming over to her place and not going anywhere , was n't the kind of man she wanted .
that 's how he ended up at your place . ''
she retrieved the ball and went to the kitchen , sorting through a drawer like she owned the place .
not really , but she had to make herself believe it so she could be composed by the time they got back to her place .
` ` you left your shirt at my place . ''
` ` then we 'll go by your place , '' jenny said , ` ` and you can tell your parents you 're staying with me .
` ` i did n't even know this place had a garage , '' dee said .
` ` do you have a place to stay , rusty ? ''
a week on her own with no food , scared out of her mind and no place to go back to .
i had to make sure that we were n't getting into a legal mess by offering you a place to stay . ''
just a brief glimpse , something to tell her that she had a connection to the place she 'd lived with her husband .
even if you do n't remember now , there 's nothing to say that when you walk inside your own place , that it wo n't all come back .
i suppose that 's why she took you in , fed you , clothed you , gave you a place to stay and is generally making the rest of us insane demanding that we accept you , not say a damn word to you and all get out looking for you right now when we 'd rather be focused on rachel 's homecoming . ''
it was a beautiful house , and she could certainly see it as a place she would have loved .
if we 're lucky , the rest of the clan is still over at my place , so you wo n't be subject to everyone at once . ''
had she finally come home - a place she 'd convinced herself did n't really exist in those long , harrowing days in captivity - only to piss away any chance she had of a normal life ?
it looked like an old painting , but real - everything achingly idyllic in the morning light - and i thought about how wonderfully strange it would be to live in a place where almost everything had been built by the dead .
it was the only place we 'd been together in those last days besides his house , and it either was n't here or i was missing something .
we 're close to your place , are n't we ?
not that there was anything wrong with the tiny , tidy space , but after seeing the luxury to which he was accustomed , her place felt dinky and inadequate .
ryan 's place was a mother 's nightmare .
` ` i ' m helping ryan find a place for himself . ''
we 'll swing by my place .
she 'd let gage focus on getting them to her place without incident .
i would n't have found my own place . ''
` ` we 'll stop by your place on the way . ''
let 's go to your place , then we 'll tackle the nascar cafe and the roller coaster . ''
` ` let 's get to your place . ''
i can crash at your place tonight - it 'll be like a slumber party . ''
after the blinding - white sterility of the alien ship , this dim place looked almost cozy .
there was n't a trace of the exit from summer 's nightmare left , but jenny would n't leave this place .
and when they looked around at this place '' -zach looked around the basement himself and snorted- '' well , they knew he was crazy .
if you give me the keys , i 'll have chris henderson drive it to your place . ''
she had a place .
protected you , gave you a place to belong .
how had the place caught on fire so quickly ?
` ` i ' m not going to clean the place yet .
he 'd gotten his way , but still the whole notion had him itching with the same sensation that had urged him to get out of her place as quickly as he could after their night together .
i want us to have our own place .
` ` my place is more than a little crowded tonight .
she 'd taken the most time decorating here , a place to indulge her culinary prowess .
her boss closed the door after her , shutting them in the warm decor of her space , a place she 'd decorated as a haven , complete with a soothing view of the atlantic ocean .
except once she 'd left his place in spain , she 'd ignored any further communication other than mailing the paperwork his way .
` ` you ca n't really expect to bunk at my place ? ''
` ` or at your place even . ''
` ` so this place is your work ?
` ` let 's go to your place so we can talk . ''
i ' m visiting a friend in new orleans , and i ' m hoping you can hook me up with a place to stay . ''
a place for max to recover from his surgery , a place where gabrielle would have help before she collapsed from trying to tackle everything on her own .
the rest , he would figure out later , back at his place while soaking in his hot tub with a beer .
now , they were already back at her place again .
still , even if your place is n't a mess , they had to turn off the water . ''
` ` yes , i have a place to stay here .
thank goodness the damage to her place had been minimal .
packing for tonight at hank 's place , plus the two - day hospital stay had n't been easy .
my place is unlivable at the moment , so i had to find somewhere else to stay . ''
she would have to find a different , more kid - friendly place to live .
he peered around the place as if he were a spy coming in with nuclear secrets .
there were enough personal items around the place - an engagement calendar , an address book , bras and panties in the dresser - to convince ollie that the girl lived here and was n't just visiting whoever had juked her .
the place still had a look of seedy weariness about it , the drapes and matching bedspread a trifle shabby , the arms on both easy chairs beginning to look a bit threadbare .
her mom had almost blown a gasket about that one , and it was n't simply because rick had a tattoo of a spiderweb on his neck and more piercings in his ears than kayla did ; it was because she 'd lied about where they were going , and she had n't made it home until the following afternoon , since they 'd ended up crashing at rick 's brother 's place in philadelphia .
but when she got to rick 's place , he was already stoned and drunk again , just as he 'd been at the concert , and she realized that if she continued to see him , he 'd continue to pressure her to try whatever it was he was taking , just as he 'd done the night before .
she spent only a few minutes at his place before heading to union square for the rest of the afternoon , knowing it was over between them .
` ` so we were talking , '' ashley said , sounding almost casual , ` ` and scott and cassie thought it might be fun to head over to my place .
my parents are in raleigh for some event with the governor , so we 'd have the place to ourselves . ''
and suggested going to your place , since your parents are n't home .
her parents ' place at the beach ? ''
all i ' m suggesting is that the four of us head over to her place , have some fun , and see what happens . ''
he 'd been around long enough to know that the next rental would n't start until tomorrow , after the cleaners came , which meant that all he had to do was get inside and the place would be theirs for the night .
when he 's mad at me , he wo n't even let me shower at his place .
` ` if you ever need something to eat or a place to stay , you know where i live . ''
she knew what he 'd say : that it was huge , or he did n't realize how wealthy the family was , or did she feel like she belonged in a place like this ?
while he 'd dozed , she 'd held his hand , imagining that he would never leave this place .
` ` i 'll drive you back to your place . ''
in any case , meeting at her place was out of the question .
i ' m calling about the spider - man sleep over at your place tonight . ''
` ` i 'd rather sleep in my own place . ''
` ` i want you to come back to my place with me .
` ` you need to take me back to my place . ''
as scary as the prospect of real life seemed , she was excited at the thought of having her own place .
he supposed he could have had breakfast at his own place - he 'd built a small house just on the other side of the grove - but he knew from experience that denying her those opportunities would have only made things worse .
the roof was good - he 'd replaced it a couple of years back - but he needed to get around to painting the place .
heading straight would lead her to the main farmhouse ; to get to his place , she 'd need to turn off through an opening in the trees and follow a worn grassy track .
it was kind of our place , just for the two of us .
for my mom , this was their place .
my mom and dad would have the place to themselves .
after the renovations were completed , when both of us were in need of a vacation , we spent our first anniversary at the grove park inn , the place we 'd honeymooned .
i knew that no matter where our lives took us , we would never leave this place behind .
why replace the sagging porch railings at his mom 's place ?
it was n't his place , not the rural countryside nor the town tucked into it .
` ` she 's in new york , flitting back from wherever she flitted off to this time and does n't see why she and whatever leeches currently sucking on her ca n't stay at my place for a couple weeks .
but golly , the locks and the security code have been changed - which was necessary because the last time she stayed there with a few friends , they trashed the place , broke an antique vase that had been my great - grandmother 's , borrowed several items of my wardrobe - including my cashmere coat , which i 'll never see again - and had the cops drop by at the request of the neighbors . ''
nobody should be staying here or at my place alone at night , for one thing .
you should n't drive out to my place alone , cybil . ''
nothing ever happened at cal 's parents ' place either .
all the perishables from our place are stowed , and we 'll have to live with the spill - over in dry goods . ''
` ` this looks nothing like your old place . ''
he hoped that once tara realized she was n't going to snag him she 'd give up on her absurd scheme and let him get his own place .
his place was even larger than hers .
lucas 's living and dining areas made her want to see the rest of his place .
you have the entire place to yourself .
you have to get back to your place . ''
` ` we made a mess of your place .
` ` i 'll get you back to your place before midnight .
he followed her into the living room , his eyes scanning the place as if he expected someone to be waiting .
` ` every sunday afternoon they get together and have lunch at our place : a kind of tea , you know , with sandwiches and little cakes and stuff . ''
` ` melanie , do you have enough amethysts at your place ?
` ` wonderful , so i 'll pick you up for your place at seven . ''
i ca n't believe he rented out the whole of pizza hut so we could have dinner together here , because it was , once upon a time long ago , our place .
the ride back to my place with jake is a lot quieter than we were in the restaurant .
he 's pulls up outside my place way too quickly for my liking .
` ` so well , i got dave to drop her off at her place first , then he brought me back here , and i spent the night with a bottle of jack , and tom came later on . ''
i need to see you ... and the funeral 's not ' til friday ... is it okay if i stay with you at your place ?
my first stay at his place , my new home to be , was n't exactly how i had imagined it would be .
because of how i feel about his place .
and you 're not happy at my place , and honestly , i do n't fuckin ' blame you .
i wanted the best place for us , equipped with everything we need for now and for the future .
` ` well , we talked , baby , and we decided it was time he move out and get his own place .
` ` i thought getting the new house would make things easier for you , but this place is covered in every single fuckin ' mistake i made before i got you back . ''
` ` a few of the girls have been to your place , right ? ''
she 'll be staying at denny 's place , but they 're coming over to ours for christmas dinner .
stuart sees me to the front door , leaving me with a kiss on the cheek , and heads around to the back to his place .
` ` we ate at an italian restaurant near his place , and he was acting a little odd all night , but i just let it go .
the place made their own , not immodest , house seem like a garden cottage .
` ` do you have a place to go ? ''
they took care of me , provided me with a place to stay , clothes , food , but there was n't any affection there .
he 'd had no place to go one day , then the next , he was moving into this huge mansion with the brothers he 'd never imagined he had .
do you have a key to her place ? ''
the place was neat and feminine with yellow curtains hanging in the small kitchen .
now we ai n't ever going to get her to come back to our place . ''
` ` you step one inch closer to her and your place is going to be a pine box six feet under , '' a low voice threatened .
` ` you will have a place to live in bezakistan .
lush and gorgeously draped with silk and satin in shades of taupe , cream , and soft blue , this place was something straight out of a romantic movie .
when she got to her new place , she would find the bezakistani equivalent of a mall and buy some sensible shoes .
he 'd been given money and a place to live , but tal often wondered if that was enough for the al bashirs , who had been forced to give up the name al mussad when their grandfather abdicated .
all i know is you came home and needed a place to stay , and suddenly cole and burke were deeply interested in where you were twenty - four seven . ''
there will be time to decide all that later , but at first i think it 's best if we either stay here for a while or hole up at my place .
all the pain and heartache it had taken her to reach this place was suddenly worth it because she did n't just feel amazing bliss with these men .
i mean , you need to wait until you ' ve settled into your new place in dallas .
dex , true perv that he was , had picked up cole 's bdsm bag when he 'd gone to their place to get the essentials .
she procures all the phones we keep around the place , and she has the numbers in case of emergency .
he has a place in the swamp .
mama was offering her a place to hide out away from the painful memories in this city .
when angie had been in school , havenwood had been the place to live .
her sister must have looked on this place with the same adolescent longing to belong .
i do n't know what to do , and now i have to find a new place to live . ''
` ` tell me you found her a place to live -- '' ` ` gave her a place . ''
` ` tell me you found her a place to live -- '' ` ` gave her a place . ''
she 'd known that when she offered lauren a place to live .
then she 'd go in search of a new place .
` ` and you 're here , looking for your mommy or a place to stay .
if i could have my job back ... '' ` ` would it help if you had a place to live ? ''
when i showed up at your place , the idea was only half formed . ''
since jamie owned her place , it would be sensible for him to make the switch , but they 'd eventually buy a house .
` ` if i had n't said anything we 'd be halfway to your place by now .
` ` we could order pizza and have it delivered to my place . ''
` ` on top of that , when i said i should get a key to her place , she tells me we should reevaluate my moving in with her . ''
when rich got to her place , he did n't want to play any guessing games about their sleeping arrangements .
` ` i 'll watch the rest of it at my place .
needless to say , i 'll expect you to find a new place as soon as possible . ''
at the moment he would have agreed to just about anything , no matter where the discussion led - as long as they got to her place soon .
` ` we go to my place . ''
he was the one who 'd insisted they come back to his place ; if he 'd wanted to do a disappearing act in the morning , he should have let her take him home instead .
he 'd known how important independence was to sam , how she 'd fought to find a place of her own , separate from the overachieving family she 'd always struggled to be good enough for .
she 'd expected the house to be dark when she got there , had figured roberto had called her in at the end of the investigation just to look around a little and get a feel for the place without getting written up for disobeying orders .
i blew a bundle on remodeling and refurbishing , but when i was finished , the place practically screamed ` ` high class . ''
` ` do you have a list of their numbers at your place ? ''
` ` what makes you think he would n't track me to your place , too ? ''
` ` i ' m safer at your place .
i took care of all the repairs and renovations on mom 's home , set up college funds for my sister 's kids , bought this place and remodeled it , then invested the rest .
she was supposed to go to my place today and pack clothes for me .
maybe he 'd staked out my place and , when my car was never there , decided i must be staying with someone .
` ` the patrolman who drove it to your place did n't report any problems with it .
` ` i ' m taking you to your place to get cleaned up and your clothes changed ; then i ' m taking you to your mom 's for right now .
they sure have done a good job in flaunting with this place , '' she said , walking over to the bed and then realizing it was too high for her .
` ` i need a place to stay , '' she said in a softer voice that she only used when she wanted something .
` ` why do n't we see - come back to my place with me , '' my voice is deep , seductive .
he lifts my case and we decide to go back to my place .
that could explain his detachment to a house , because most people formed an attachment when they invested as much time and effort in a place as he already had .
` ` something like that , only i was holding our place , and her stuff , when her lover called her phone . ''
wo n't you be stopping in a town soon to get a place to spend the night ? ''
she can stay at my place there .
he 's letting her stay at his place since it sits empty all the time but she needs a job . ''
this was quite possibly the nicest place i 'd ever stayed .
anyway he hooked me up with a job in his hometown and gave me a place to stay .
` ` well , woods has been over at my place with jace trying to decide what to do about ... well , never mind .
i want to take you back to my place and take care of you . ''
i felt weird walking into your place without knocking . ''
i ' ve enjoyed staying in your place .
both of us not ready to stay in one place and wanting to explore the world .
` ` i 'd love to see your place . ''
i did n't want her sleeping there with him in the next room but i could n't exactly move her into my place either .
then we went back to his place .
it was his grandparents ' so it 's his off limits place .
it 's too nice of a place for a crazy person . ''
was it because i ' m the only person you know in chicago , because i can offer you a place to sleep at night ? ''
i showered and dressed at my place after leaving cohen lying in bed , grabbed a large iced americano on my way , and arrived a few minutes early for a meeting with my advisor .
she and aiden had bought a place together , wanting to start over fresh .
and then he was back to talking about the dog , and making arrangements to give me a key to cohen 's place , but i sagged with relief against the back of the couch .
i swung by cohen 's to let bob out and feed him , and then headed to my place to shower and change .
we did n't even bother stopping at my place to drop off my bag , but instead i followed him and bob up the stairs .
not to mention doing it in every room in both her place and mine .
maybe this time they could stay in one place for longer than three months .
` ` my son and i have no place to stay and no money to rent a room . ''
` ` i thought we were coming here to a job and a place to live .
a man oughta own his own place , '' a man said as he thumped kathryn on the back .
seeing as he had the berries at his place -- a small bungalow off grove -- he could walk home , get them , and sit in the republic for a while and think up a plan for going after more berries .
` ` then we 'll keep them at your place if you give me your word you wo n't take off with them . ''
` ` well , first thing , i ' m going to have a well dug on my place so i do n't have to keep going to the creek for water .
and after a night spent in the tent , a ride back to limonero , and half a day at her place , the quiet was getting on his nerves .
they 'd like your place a hell of a lot better than they 'd like mine .
as if this was her place , her cabin , her family .
it was the cheapest place i could find in a neighborhood without bars on the windows .
` ` you can shower and wash your clothes at my place .
as a kid , i was lucky enough to be moved to a safe place where all my basic needs were met .
the bottom line for me is that she makes even this place seem like home .
i understand if it makes you uncomfortable , and i 'll find another place to live if you feel like we can no longer be friends .
` ` i ' m sure you 'll want a place to set up shop at home to work on your lesson plans and stuff . ''
i ' ve been lying awake at night , trying to figure out how in the world you two were able to rent out a place and go to high school without anyone ever wanting to meet your parents .
` ` her mother left a message for her saying she wo n't be bringing mackenzie to her place for christmas after all , '' he explained .
how many people get to live in a place that looks like a picture on a christmas card ? ''
she was on her way to her folks ' place when , at the last moment , she decided to detour through virgin river .
i ' ve been thinking about getting a dog , anyway , something to clean up the spills around my place .
this is your place for the next four weeks , '' i said , turning around .
` ` i guess it 's a good thing america and i were already discussing getting our own place . ''
not bothering to reply , claire slammed her door shut and vowed that she would start looking for another place to live .
she did n't think the idea of her having a boyfriend would help especially since said boyfriend was n't likely to be at her place again .
as her knees started to buckle against him , claire looped her arms around his neck and said , ` ` my place ... it 's right ... down the street ...
i would really appreciate it if you 'd keep an eye on her place , '' said jason .
do n't you worry at all about your place while you 're gone , i 'll keep an eye out on things . ''
i really intended to call low and get her to stop by my place and get me some clean sheets and a couple washcloths and towels .
he took me to see his new place .
and yeah , she 'd prefer a place with an actual roof , working utilities and a bathroom so she was n't forced to do her thing behind a bush .
` ` you got a place to stay ?
for now we 'll get a place to stay so you can clean up and i can make sure you are n't hurt . ''
always before when we 'd moved , dad had gone ahead , found us a place and we moved from house to house .
the apartment was about half the size of her place in new york , really only two rooms -- the living room and bedroom .
the cabin was so snugly built and insulated that it held heat well , and a good fire was sufficient to keep the entire place comfortable .
there are times i 'd like not to claim him , but he does pay half the bills so he has a place to crash in between assignments .
when she unpacked next , she supposed it would be at her dad 's place , and she 'd have to explain this mess .
` ` when you first visited our place , you mentioned that someone had been after your dad , '' deke prompted .
someplace this twisted a**hole who probably blew up your dad 's place wo n't suspect .
the entire trip to your dad 's place he made phone calls , cursed , prayed .
` ` we spend the rest of the morning driving back to our place and tell her there , after dinner , that there are no more threesomes .
funny , when kimber had first come to their place to ask him to teach her all about menage , she 'd asked how they handled jealousy .
my dad should be coming home from the hospital soon , and they 'll bring him to logan 's place when he 's released .
my place is n't too far from his , and my poor neglected apartment ...
why was it that women , the more vulnerable sex to attack , never thought about security before they settled into a place to live ?
kitten ... i 'd come to your place last night to tell you i love you .
three days later , after her father had come home from the hospital and settled into logan 's place , after some of the media fervor over cal 's murder attempt had died down , deke knocked on kimber 's door at exactly seven o'clock , just as she 'd asked .
` ` i have an extra room at my place , '' alyssa offered quietly .
why do n't you tell them all the wonderful things about your new place ? ''
when jack gets back , i 'll have him look at it , too , see if there 's anything else we can do to keep this place tight . ''
` ` the only place we know this freak has n't invaded is your house .
i 'd drive by his place ... but i do n't know where he lives .
i 'll come straight to your place . ''
and not before you know whether someone dangerous might be at your place , too , waiting for you . ''
` ` is there anything at your place that 's more important than your life ? ''
` ` i 'll buy you replacements once we reach my brother 's place . ''
` ` this is your brother 's place ? ''
i hate to admit it , but i probably would n't have been able to sleep alone at my own place .
i would n't be comfortable camping out at their place and having them hover .
with two phone calls , he had a place for them to crash , courtesy of jack , and a capable female to nurse her mother back to health , thanks to one of kimber 's fellow nursing friends who was in between jobs .
she 's got her own place now in tyler and a job at mother frances hospital as a surgical nurse .
as he opened the front door , into the living room , tara was struck by the fact that this place had never felt like home .
somewhere between all of that , i need to find a place to stay , since i moved my things out of brad 's house . ''
do you have a place to stay until you can find a new one ?
but maybe i should stay the night at my stepfather 's place and meet you in the morning .
we 'll stop by the motel , check you out , pick up your things , and go to my place . ''
the man who 'd killed logan 's mother had been here , prowling among her stuff , tearing the place up to scare the shit out of her .
darcy was released from the hospital this morning , and i got her settled back at her place .
` ` your place , huh ?
he kept a respectable distance - not that she was paying a lick of attention - and followed her to the other woman 's place , watching rachel help her up the stairs and into her little cookie - cutter apartment .
the place was spotless and devoid of any life except a purring cat who curled around his ankles .
framed photos rested all around her place , on shelves , countertops , and the mantle .
decker finally got a good look at the comfortable place , ducking into each room to scan her pictures .
overall , the place was light , happy , homey - somewhat like her .
i need to find a place of my own since it looks like they might put roots down here for a while .
i 'll just grab my things ... rachel has been kind enough to let me crash with her for a few days while i find a place of my own , so i wo n't interrupt your newly wedded bliss anymore . ''
eight at the first stoplight away from her place , rachel reached over for her phone to text london that she was on her way .
` ` in fact , i ' ve got to be back at my place to take them to the airport in less than an hour .
` ` we 're meeting ben at his place in half an hour . ''
` ` we should be okay staying at my place for the next day or so , but it might be a good idea by the time we 're expecting radovich . ''
i 'll get someone from the station to drop the keys off at your place , and the house will be yours . ''
he glared at her as they moved back to their feet , his dick so hard he knew he was going to be in hell until they finally made it back to his place , where he could grab a freezing - cold shower .
but once they get there , i ' m going to head back over to my place to pick up a few things . ''
after they ate some sandwiches and chips , he made the quick trip over to his place for their things , the fact that she was alone with mike motivating him to move even faster .
every square inch of the place screamed bachelor pad .
if you need a place to stay , there 's a guest room at the top of the stairs and to the right .
the one time she 'd been to jason 's condo before their marriage , she 'd been struck by how spotless - and cold - the place looked .
if he 'd paid a pair of beauticians to come to his place , she figured that jason would want to call the shots .
i was running myself ragged driving the nine miles between her place and mine , sometimes in the middle of the night when bella was sick or tony jr . had nightmares , and grief was eating her alive .
` ` why not rent your house out while you stayed with your sister - in - law so you 'd have a place to come home to ? ''
they needed a place with three bedrooms because if they put the baby in with tony jr . , she 'd keep him up half the night .
she 'd finally found a place where she felt safe , comfortable .
` ` we 'll find a new place , room enough for two . ''
she asked about a place to eat and somewhere to find work .
i had to secure a place to live , buy food , and make enough money for a bus ticket out of town .
it 's been a whirlwind for weeks , running from one interview to the next , dealing with her estate , moving into a new place .
i do n't need your money , at least not now that you ' ve taken care of jordan , and i have my own place . ''
` ` i ' m at your place . ''
then we 'll take a trip to your place .
` ` i ' m warning you that the place is a mess . ''
` ` we 'll go to my place . ''
but she 'd cleared the way for her to spend the evening at his place .
` ` now that we 're at my place , why not come up to my loft and use my computer ?
` ` but- '' ` ` seriously , it 's important to accomplish this , and it'l al go faster at my place . ''
she seemed to have chocolate smeared al over the place .
when emma did n't pick up her messages , her mother tried the hotel where emma was supposed to be staying , and then she pestered the hel out of the airlines , and final y she cal ed roger claymore , who was at his place in the hamptons and not happy to have his sunday morning interrupted . ''
` ` i suppose you have cameras al over the place , '' she said quietly .
some have places in the city and use the cottage for a vacation getaway .
she 'd bet the mansion had its own generator and water supply so that the place could be total y self - sufficient .
but the house was huge , so not hearing voices did n't mean the place was empty .
that was the story emma had created to explain why the wal aces were only occasional y in the city and why they preferred having rooms at the waldorf to owning a place in manhattan .
in all her visits to her grandfather 's place , she 'd never heard the sound of barking dogs coming from the gentry estate , either .
i think they 're looking for a place to have that baby . ''
she still wondered if she was sound asleep in the spare room at grandpa earl 's place .
he would have loved to drive the red corvette , but he could n't risk parking it anywhere near the store , so he walked the two miles separating the gentrys ' front gate from earl 's place .
but my normal routine is to stay in the city during the week and then head out to the family place on weekends .
his family , which she assumed was wealthy given the extravagant watch he wore , had a place in the country .
if she cared about him the way he cared about her , she 'd destroy the flash drive and the prints when she returned to her grandfather 's place .
through images he hoped they would understand , he told them they were not safe here and needed to find another place to have the baby .
i demand that you take me back to my grandfather 's place .
` ` surely you 'll give me a place to sleep .
i ' m taking her back to her grandfather 's place . ''
` ` you mean we could escape to your grandfather 's place ? ''
she 'd finally found a place where she belonged .
luna was grateful for that departed were 's tactless behavior , because it had allowed luna to live in a place that had felt like home from the moment she 'd arrived .
i ' m not- '' ` ` i should have gone straight to my office as promised , but instead i came back here to share the good news , which probably was n't my place . ''
` ` she intended to fill this place with family , and when that did n't happen , i do n't think she knew how to correct the situation . ''
` ` it 's one thing to break into your own place and quite another to break into somebody else 's .
it was a positive sign , though , and thanks to what she 'd inherited from grandpa ike , she had a place to live and a little money to tide her over if she decided to switch gears .
the everlasting twilight meant he could easily see her place from any back window , and he could hear her working into the night , especially when she used the bench saw .
he could drive around to her place , but navigating that winding road would take too long .
then tomorrow he 'd notify ted that he 'd spotted a bear and cub near her place .
although he could afford every luxury imaginable , he 'd kept his place simple , the way it had been when he 'd bought it .
` ` i saw a dog roaming around jake 's place and i wondered if it was his . ''
but he made enough to live on and stay in the place he loved best on earth .
` ` are you in the habit of watching my place ? ''
maybe he was being ridiculous to think rachel might snoop around his place while he was gone .
when she 'd had him at her place , he had been hell - bent on getting back over here .
so far there was nothing scary about jake 's place .
but he 'd been afraid she 'd grab the chance to poke around his place looking for the wolf .
he did admit , though , that after buying her carving , he 'd become fascinated with her and had fallen into the habit of late - night runs over to her place .
` ` i want to stop by my place so i can change . ''
ted had been notified that they were hiking today , but as jake rode with rachel over to her place , he suddenly remembered someone else who could be a problem .
they would n't see one , because he 'd just realized he would be selling his place and moving on .
if he shows up at your place , you have to call me . ''
i 'll drive over to your place and bring you some clothes . ''
` ` jake , um , hurt himself on the trail , so he 's over at my place . ''
` ` i ' m a nosy old man , but you blush every time you talk about jake , and it sounds as if he 's settled in at your place instead of his ... '' ` ` he 'll be staying over . ''
she could n't imagine strangers moving into his place .
jake contacted the hunters to let them know he 'd made his decision and he 'd be over at his place within the next hour .
and it 's not like she showed up over at my place and announced she was doing that .
no , she remembered arriving at her place , parking her truck , and walking into the house .
then , as she 'd walked down the path to her place , she 'd felt that psychic connection with him .
it did n't even occur to me that i was supposed to have a place that mattered to me .
our newest house includes ten bedrooms , six bathrooms , a library , three offices , a sun room , a huge pool with matching pool house the size of our old place , a tennis court , and , of course , a state of the art monitored alarm system .
chapter twenty - four parental units two weeks later ... lily nox drives up to the place i used to call home , and i smile remembering this is where we first met .
we needed a place where i could have a room as a gym , and eventually a nursery .
i 'll be back over early to get the place ready for dad .
i would n't mind the globe - trottin ' if i had a place to come home to . ''
a house in the city or a place in the suburbs ?
he is whispering about love and the place we will build for ourselves in alaska and he tells me it 's okay for me to rest .
if you are interested , i would love to have you for dinner at my place tonight .
this was the only place she 'd ever known safety , and she felt obligated to hammer for taking her in as a teenage runaway .
i thought you 'd taken everyone back to your place for beer and football . ''
she 'd find a new place and a new job .
instead of heading straight back to his place , beck had driven her to the beach and let her walk , silently trailing a few feet behind and keeping an eye on her .
nothing had turned out the way she 'd intended , but she still felt ridiculously glad that she 'd be putting things away in the place she called home .
and then she came over to me and asked me to live with her and john , in a new place .
he 'd paid a decorator to kit out the place in artful decor , since he was n't good at that sort of thing .
` ` the kind where i take you back to my place , '' he said in a low , husky voice , looming over her .
` ` you do n't have any place to live so i offered to let you live with me .
he looked around at his place .
it had been a long time since he 'd had a place of his own .
two days later , the cops showed up at his place and he was off to jail .
` ` i like emily 's place . ''
he 'd done all of the above , and there was nothing quite like having his own place .
he 'd find another job , another place to stay .
it 'd be cozy and so much fun to have a place to call her own .
why did they have to run off a man who desperately needed a home and a place to call his own , and a family of his own ?
to have his own roof over his head and a place where he belonged and could earn a decent wage .
` ` so he always has a place to call his own instead of being dependent on staying with me . ''
listen , i know it 's early , but i was wondering if someone could stop by and check my place out ? ''
it had been a wreck when she and braden had bought it , but with time - lots of time - and effort , it had turned into a fascinating project and a fun place to live .
when the movie ended , they 'd driven back to her place and he 'd dropped her off without even trying to come in .
i live above a two - car garage in a neighborhood right behind a college , a one - bedroom place i share with my sister .
one is from declan : i ' m bringing ` ` both '' to your place on friday .
i have a nice place in the city , though , overlooking central park .
and i think you should n't be alone until you ... you figure out what you 're going to do with this place . ''
` ` i like to stay in my own place if i can . ''
` ` when we 're done , we 'll stop by my place at the resort and ... '' he let his voice fade and , damn it all , did n't her imagination and hormones go wild .
` ` this place is really amazing , '' she said as he came out of the bedroom with his bag .
` ` i need to find another place . ''
` ` i ' ve got an apartment in new york and i keep a place in paris , just because , i do n't know .
my parents retired to san diego , so i have a place there , and i like to ski so i bought a house in aspen .
you just told me of , what , five , maybe six different places you own and none of them are home ?
` ` still does n't change my feeling about it or the fact that you own all that real estate and still do n't have a place to call home . ''
the two weeks at your place in hawaii ?
parties constantly , has a stream of ' ho bags in and out of his place , and has n't had a legit job in his life .
she loved making places clean , and her small apartment was immaculate .
i work two jobs , and this is my place .
are there any leftovers at your place ? ''
` ` i ' ve got to start looking for a new place to live .
` ` we 'll move your stuff into my place .
when she returned to her apartment she found seth , eric , and his father and penny waiting to help move her stuff into kent 's place .
her place was safe by new york standards , but somehow that did n't seem like enough now .
` ` pick me up at my place at seven . ''
` ` i have n't had time to pick anything out and my old place came furnished .
which actually meant a new place to start over , since she 'd alienated the people in her old vacation community .
` ` remember jason reagert ... right ... you met him at my place last week .
maybe once they got home , over supper in front of the fireplace she could take that risk on the outside chance ... jason crested the hill leading to his place .
` ` or we could have come straight to my place . ''
they would have their own place , not a room with family .
he removed his shoes and stepped deeper into her place , not fancy , the sparse generic sort of a furnished space in browns and tan - except for the expensive burgundy leather sofa with a duct - taped x on the armrest .
why not just hide out at your place as we originally discussed ? ''
she 'd lived in a large house with nolan , four thousand square feet , but she could have fit two of those homes inside tony 's place .
provided enrique medina 's compound was even near the u.s . ` ` your father chose an island so you and your brothers would feel at home in your new place ? ''
` ` although , i have to admit , '' she conceded as she tucked her son closer , ` ` this place is so much more than i expected . ''
` ` this place is a lot to absorb .
the dynamics of this place went beyond any household she 'd ever seen .
he sketched his mouth along her jaw , down to her collarbone , the scent of her lavender body wash reminding him of shared showers at his place .
shrugging out of his trench coat , carlos stopped just shy of her burgundy sofa , half in , half out of her place , much like he kept himself from committing to any people , emotions , relationships .
the whole place smelled like pine and cedar , right down to the fragrant wood crackling in the fireplace .
heat flooded her face as she thought of their encounter in the hot tub at his place , the night they 'd made the baby .
she had n't expected the place to stay completely the same since she 'd left - okay , maybe she had - but she could n't possibly have anticipated such a radical overhaul .
his eyes stayed locked on the screen showing security feed from his place .
maybe if she dug for more clues about his relationship with his father in particular , she might understand how he 'd arrived at his place of such emotional isolation .
there were plenty of other places she could stay that were safer .
` ` once i ' ve checked over your place , i 'll be on my way for the night . ''
the familiarity of her place wrapped around her , soothing her at the end of a tumultuous day .
if someone like me - a plain ol ' musician - could break into your place , then what about someone motivated to find you ? ''
` ` gauging by your conversation with your dear old dad , you do n't want to go to his place . ''
overall the room was brighter , lighter than the other places they 'd stayed , the dutch decor closer to her personal style .
i ' m not taking you to my mother 's place , where i would have to sneak into your room in the middle of the night . ''
that place was bearable with you around .
she planned to find a place of her own within the next two weeks , no leaning on her aunt this time .
` ` although she had enjoyed their simple dinners at his place and hers .
now he realized she had been keeping a part of herself from him by insisting they always meet at his place .
` ` why do n't we meet here at my place instead ? ''
` ` you ca n't take care of yourself alone at your place , brooke , you have to know that .
she probably should have just gone back to her place , but all the love and sentimentality of the wedding had left her so weepy , she needed to get away .
already , he could imagine making a lifetime of memories , filling their house with photographs , turning his place into their home .
telling herself that her curiosity about her father 's new vp was no different from her curiosity about oh , say , the molecular structure of boron , she asked , ` ` where did you find a place to live ? ''
a woman who was bolting for his office door like the place had just caught fire .
that she would be coming back to his place to gather the rest of her stuff - like every stick of furniture and every pot and pan - later , when she had more time , not to mention a moving van at her disposal .
so this apartment came with the place , huh ? ''
he thought she still lived in a place like the massive georgian townhouse on division street where she grew up , and she still drove a car like the cream - colored mercedes convertible she 'd received for her sixteenth birthday .
` ` that 's her parents ' place , '' ava replied .
` ` we have no idea where she is - i suspect she 's in betty ford again , because that 's where she was the last time she was traveling , if you follow my trail , but i ' m much too polite to ask her - and since we have a key to her place , we 're feeding moochie and jester while she 's gone ... '' ` ` i feel it 's my civic duty to warn you , '' mack interjected quietly , nodding her head toward the blonde , ` ` that if you do n't stop her right now , then she 'll just keep on talking . ''
` ` to your place ? ''
` ` to your place , '' she corrected him .
because in addition to adam looking just too , too yummy , dammit , his penthouse was the most sumptuous place she 'd ever seen .
now , suddenly , here she was , in his home , a place he 'd fantasized having her on more than one occasion .
which was n't entirely unthinkable , because the last time he 'd had her at his place - wow , had it been almost two months ago ? -he had , well ... had her at his place .
which was n't entirely unthinkable , because the last time he 'd had her at his place - wow , had it been almost two months ago ? -he had , well ... had her at his place .
i could swing by your place on my way home and pick you up .
even if he had n't been able to convince her to stay at his place that morning , he 'd won the concession from her that they would see each other again this evening .
he 'd made no secret sunday night of his intention to do that very thing , and he 'd been none too happy about taking her back to her place instead of his own .
let 's just buzz by my place first , so i can pack a few things , okay ? ''
the place just screamed good breeding , good manners , good taste .
and then he 'd gotten worried about her , so he 'd decided to swing by her place on the way home to see if she needed anything .
` ` you have a nice place , edie , '' he said as he folded himself onto the futon .
whereas his own place was artfully arranged and decorated - thanks to a friend of a friend who did that kind of thing for a living - it did n't feel or look much like a home .
edie 's place , for all its lack of sophistication , was warm and comfortable and lived in .
` ` and now here you are , hanging around her place , '' lucas charged , pushing his arm even more firmly against the other man 's throat .
` ` but you 're here more often than you 're at your place , '' he pointed out .
at least she had managed to keep mrs . puddleduck from joining the ranks of chloe sandusky 's former nannies - a place in dire need of a twelve - step recovery program if ever there was one .
he 'd never had a place to call home for more than a few months at a time , had made the circuit from shelters to halfway houses to the street and back around again .
like , for example ... your place . ''
he 'd left kimball 's estate early in the day - still having discovered jack about what he needed to discover - just so he could come home and get the place ready for lily rigby .
what the hell had he been thinking to let lily rigby come over to his place ?
the place was small , but cozy , the kind of apartment that invited bohemian guests and arty conversation .
` ` how about the two of us do a lot of talking on the way to your place ?
i figure since it was your damned book that put me in this situation , and since that 's how you used to make your living , you can help me out by going in marta 's place .
` ` just a house and some furniture and some things to make a place nicer , just like anyone else 's . ''
he 'd hoped inviting her to dinner at his place would alleviate some of the sullenness that had come over her at chatsworth 's estate , but she seemed even more subdued now than she had been then .
his place was amazing , he thought , surveying it again , putting modesty aside .
scarcely a day had gone by when he had n't remembered it well - okay , so maybe he 'd been hoping other things would happen , too , if he brought her to his place tonight .
it was the best place i lived back then .
not until bringing her to his place to finish the day off .
when he said nothing , she asked , ` ` why did you invite me to your place tonight ? ''
he would sound shallow if he told her it was because he wanted her to see what a great place he had - and , okay , maybe that was shallow , but he had hoped to make a point .
the cab ride to her place , too , was spent in silence , but neither of them released the other 's hand .
hell , half the time he was safely back at his place before the night was even over .
so geoffrey found me a place to live until things blow over .
it was everything a place called the timber lake inn should be , from its knotty pine walls to the huge creek stone fireplace on the opposite side of the room .
in fact , the place looked .. .well , cozy .
` ` it 's nice that you have this place for a month , '' she said as she circled around him into the foyer .
but something about her had made him think she had a vested interest in the house and would check on it from time to time to make sure none of the seven samurai was trashing the place with wild parties and wilder behavior .
jack- when i read ryan 's note that called this place a ` ` love shack , '' my first thought was , ` ` what a load of b.s . ''
she 'd lived in this place for over two years , yet she felt none of the warmth one should when returning home .
it was a sunny sunday afternoon and , as happened from time to time , samantha had crashed at her place the night before , not wanting to take a late train back to school after an evening out on the town .
i ' m beat and in no mood to drive back to my place .
fortunately , he 'd been able to persuade her to let him spend the night at her place .
all anybody else needs to know is that i ' m a friend of the family who 's moved in with you for a while , maybe until renovations on my own place are done . ''
five when they arrived back at her place , she invited him in for tea , and , after a brief pause , he made a sound that seemed like a yes and followed her in .
` ` we 're heading to my place . ''
do you have anyone at your place to help with cooking meals ?
i 'll swing by your place and pick up anything you need . ''
since jade was occupying the third bedroom , which was ideally configured for use as a child 's room , and the fourth was being used by stephen as a guest bedroom upstairs office , there was no place else for her to stay .
her place was in an older development , with a parking space out back and a neat little garden in front .
it 's a place where we vacationed when i was younger . ''
at summer 's insistence , they 'd planned to meet at une nuit rather than at her place .
she 'd thought about the issue on the drive over to her parents ' place , and realized there were only a few people she wanted to share the whole truth with .
tamara had n't hesitated to lend her the apartment as a place to stay , particularly since she , sawyer and the baby were back at the family seat in gloucestershire .
the fact that the apartment was rent - stabilized and also served as a tax - deductible office permitted her to afford a place that was on the outer fringes of the world that she wanted to tap into - that of upper east side prep school girls and future debutantes with well - heeled parents and with living quarters in cloistered prewar buildings guarded by uniformed and capped doormen standing under ubiquitous green awnings .
should i have driven straight on to my place instead ? ''
she 'd have to find another place to live and work .
it would have been really easy to go back to his place after the gala , but where would that have gotten me ?
this place is a palace compared to my apartment and the house i grew up in . ''
i decided i was going to wear a sexy black strapless minidress and strappy black sandals over to his place and i could n't wait until the end of the day on friday .
he was able to break into your place and he restrained brian , called for backup and when they ran his information his record came up and they arrested him on the spot .
how did you even know that something was wrong , how did you end up at my place ? ''
it 's just that i have something planned for us back at my place . ''
i thought it would be nice if we had dessert at my place .
it was petty of her even to think of asking him to move , but although it was a fine home , it was n't a place she would choose for herself .
she suddenly felt guilty over not loving the place he 'd called home .
i ' ve been waiting for you to come into my life to actually have a home - the place i can see myself living forever .
after letting her mom tour her future home , she dropped sandra off and then drove back to rafe 's place .
he 'd had gifts delivered to her new place , but she just returned his packages .
` ` why do n't i take you to my place and you can see it ? ''
she really wanted to see that journal , but she knew it was n't a wise idea to go back to his place - the house she 'd found the most exquisite pleasure imaginable in - the house she 'd had her heart broken in .
an affair was one thing , but she did n't need to lead this guy to her place , where she was staying all by herself .
i simply said i do n't want to bring you to my place , '' she replied as she leaned toward him and ran her short fingernail down his arm .
he put out a hand to stop her , then pushed his way into her small home , making the place seem even smaller with his six - foot - four frame invading it .
it was a silent ride back to his place , and that night , when they made love , it was truly lovemaking .
especially after her mother 's grave injuries and then near - fatal cancer , this was a place ari had thought she 'd see only in the movies .
` ` take me to your place .
after she 'd been released from the hospital , it had taken all his restraint not to check on her in person , but he did n't trust himself enough to go to her place .
this was something she 'd love to have in her own home someday - a place she could pamper herself in the most comfortable way possible .
head back to your place .
he 'd have her come to his place tomorrow to discuss employment .
the policemen showed up in her mother 's place at the frat house and then transported ari to the hospital where she 'd waited for hours in the lobby , terror helping to sober her up real fast .
she 'd already sold her mother 's home - the place ari had grown up .
he knew she had expenses , but a safe place to live should ' ve been at the top of her priority list .
` ` ari , we have to move to my place .
he 'd offered her a nice place to live , a great salary , and luxuries he was sure she 'd never seen before .
he would never deny them a place to stay if they wanted to extend their visit .
the girls chattered on about how amazing this club was the entire half - hour drive to amber 's place .
a car is waiting out front to take you back to your place and then get you to the airport .
do you need to make any other stops before we arrive at your place ? ''
it 's your decision whether your mother discovers you sold off everything and she has no place to go , or whether she can heal in the comfort of her home .
` ` well , i have some phone calls to make ... '' he held open the door she 'd blown past when entering his place illegally .
the thought of moving , of leaving the place she 'd chosen as somewhere to heal , was terrifying .
` ` i need to get back to my place , '' she said softly .
` ` i ... uh ... thought you might like to have a christmas tree for your new place , '' she mumbled .
i brought over the stuff from my place , so you 're not out any food . ''
he should go back home - sheesh , was he calling this place home now ?
yes , she was down and out right now , but he had a feeling it was n't a place she would stay too long , either .
` ` you 're not the type of guy who ever would normally live in a place like this . ''
what was shocking him was the fact that he was no longer so eager to take her back to his place and get her in his bed .
dinner finished a couple of long - suffering hours later , and tanner decided that as soon as he got the woman out of the restaurant , he 'd rush her to his car , dump her at her place without so much as a goodnight kiss , and , pleading a headache , speed away .
this was the place where he 'd been condemned to live for more than three weeks while donning a santa suit and dealing with a bunch of whiny kids .
as much as he did n't want to think it , there was beauty in the moldings and now that the heating was working properly and the place was getting much - needed repairs , he could see some potential .
it would hurt too badly , and the place i loved needs to have people in it who will create their own happy memories .
the residents who live here will have a home as long as they want , and we will keep the costs down for those who move in when we 're finished fixing the place up .
if your place is ever on fire , make sure and give me a call . ''
they were silent as they rode the miles back to her place , and colt recited every church hymn he could remember .
today she would prove that she could be a good owner of this place - that even though she did n't want to belong here , she still did .
` ` we 're here to remind you about the midsummer party at my place on saturday .
she packed up her emotions and returned to the place she 'd lived for so many years .
once she had accepted that , although the fear was still there , at the back of her senses , she was making a valiant effort to really live - well , live as much as she could while residing in a place that was n't hers for long .
misty listened to him speak , his words like molasses warming on top of a hot gas stove , coating her , comforting her , offering her a place to go in a safer world .
you fly up next week , and we 'll get her testimony on record , then catch dinner at my place before you rush away . ''
then i remembered he was a cop and it would n't be difficult for him to find my place .
are n't you going back to his place ? ''
the place is a castle , but somehow katherine has managed to make it warm and inviting , so do n't think of your everyday dungeon kind of castle , '' he said with a smile .
he was at least an hour from her place .
` ` i ' ve never lived in a place this nice , '' she admitted as he laid her down .
thank god all of his siblings had their own places .
he 'll probably have to go to a group home until they can find a permanent place for him . ''
tate hoped it was for her to follow him back to his place and spend the day with him in bed .
earlier , his motivation had been clear when he 'd brought her back to his place : get her into his bed so he could stop this growing preoccupation he had with fucking her senseless .
my place was closer and she was stranded out in the cold , '' tate told them smoothly .
` ` if you were at your place , why could n't you just take the jeep and p- '' tate shoved his elbow into his brother 's stomach .
` ` could you have some of the staff gather her belongings from the resort and send them to my place ? ''
* * * annie fell asleep in the ferrari on the drive back to her place .
` ` sure , treat this place like your own ? ''
besides , i have n't got any ice cream at my place after you ate it all . ''
ed 's place was like a home to me years ago , before i made my money .
they were heading back to his place .