in the end , he accepted that it felt good to just have her close , to smell that incredible , honeysuckle perfume , and listen to her soft breathing .
every once in a while , he dreamed that he was walking through the forest , surrounded by honeysuckle and he breathed in the scent , enjoying the calming effect it had on his pain .
the honeysuckle .
i did n't know what it was at the time , but i just remembered the honeysuckle scent .
` ` honeysuckle ? ''
the subtle scent of honeysuckle drifted toward him and for a moment she reminded him of the woman who haunted his dreams .
leaning closer , he breathed in the honeysuckle scent of her .
the honeysuckle scent of her silky hair teased him , threatening to bring back the memories of another woman and another goodbye .
she 'd smelled just as she always had , like honeysuckle .
she eyed the honeysuckle shampoo and conditioner sitting on the corner of the shower bench .
familiar scents of rosemary , lemon verbena , and honeysuckle inundated her , settling her nerves .
he examined a trellis laden with honeysuckle .
with a bouquet of calla lilies and honeysuckle in hand - naoma de laurent 's favorite flowers - andre waited patiently for the service to conclude and the crowd to disperse .
shielding her eyes behind the shades , she relaxed enough to enjoy the cool morning breeze blowing in from the ocean , bringing with it the scent of the honeysuckle lining the edge of the property .
from the open door comes the perfume of honeysuckle .
it was very pleasant , sitting and chatting with anne and james with her side pressed tightly against ian , his arm around her , sipping a lemonade while the sweet smell of honeysuckle wafted in from the garden on the light breeze .
she breathed the scent of freshly mown , dew - wet grass and honeysuckle as she followed ian off the terrace into the yard .
the warm summer air drifted in through the window , lightly billowing the deep green sheers and carrying the sweet scent of honeysuckle across the room to where we sat .
` ` honeysuckle . ''
sustaining a kiss was difficult as he scaled the stairs , so he filled his lungs with her honeysuckle scent .
body heat and his lover 's sweet honeysuckle scent surrounded him .
he nuzzled her temple , and her honeysuckle scent teased his nose .
i quickly shower , apply some of my honeysuckle lotion , and wear the one matching black bra and panty set i own .
she slid out of donovan 's embrace and walked to the corner of the porch , an overhang of honeysuckle scenting the air and making wispy patterns on the glassy surface of the water .
the day was perfect , bright and pleasantly warm with fragrant air laced with honeysuckle and pine .
` ` hideous little creature , '' she mumbled as she stood , the scent of jasmine and honeysuckle drifting from her .
soft , warm lips pressed into his tearstained cheek , and the jasmine and honeysuckle of her scent overshadowed what remained of the coconut .
the scent of jasmine and honeysuckle followed him .
a jasmine body wash and a lotion scented with honeysuckle .
` ` jasmine and honeysuckle . ''
jasmine and honeysuckle .
the scent of jasmine and honeysuckle accompanied her , his favorite , as sultry and drugging as a moonlit night , and his stomach tightened .
the scent of honeysuckle suddenly overshadowed the stink of sulfur and melting flesh , and he inhaled deeply , closing his eyes in ecstasy .
geryon hesitated only a moment before following her , breathing deeply of her honeysuckle scent along the way .
her honeysuckle scent enveloped him , chasing away the odor of rot .
the scent of jasmine and honeysuckle saturated the air .
between her legs , she was sweeter than the nectar of honeysuckle .
like the beach , and sunscreen and honeysuckle .
she smells like shampoo and the soft smell i could n't forget in a million years : honeysuckle and warm stone , harlow and mine .
` ` look '' -she pulls me in , and her honeysuckle perfume wraps around me like a blanket- '' there must be something really special about coop . ''
a trail of perfume bleeds behind her , sweet honeysuckle with a touch of ginger .
her silky hair blinds me momentarily as i take in her scent , a sickly sweet honeysuckle that i inhale by the vat full .
the scent of honeysuckle clings to her - makes me miss mom who wore a gardenia perfume , thick and smothering .
i take in a deep lungful of night air coated with the scent of pines and honeysuckle .
it 's beautiful here , air perfumed with honeysuckle , streets that shimmer like glitter - a river bisects from the exit of the throne room down as far as the eye can see with fruit trees lining either side of the water .
kennedy 's sweet honeysuckle perfume comforts me .
i picked up a stuffed unicorn that carried the scent of honeysuckle and then checked out her closet .
even numb - fingered , it was the work of a minute to bind up her hair , honeysuckle bright , and cover it with a kerchief the color of mud .
why , the last of the orphans , the artist , the girl with the honeysuckle hair .
her honeysuckle hair came unpinned , transforming , as it tumbled free , to a sheath of pale yellow feathers .
` ` honeysuckle ! ''
` ` ohhh ... or we could do mahogany with honeysuckle highlights . ''
we 're going to go with a mahogany base and then add some honeysuckle highlights around your face to bring out those nonexistent cheekbones . ''
i could try a drive - by approach in which i ran by , rammed the gum into his pocket , and left in a blur of honeysuckle highlights , but somehow , i thought that forcibly ramming gum into said mark 's pocket was not what the squad had in mind .
my mom gave me the once - over : mahogany hair with honeysuckle highlights , perfectly tanned skin , plucked eyebrows , cheer shorts .
the sun was shining down on us , and the breeze gave us the hint of honeysuckle when it blew .
you taste like honeysuckle and i love that shit . ''
` ` mmm , you taste like i remember , sweet like honeysuckle . ''
` ` it 's sort of like the honeysuckle that grows around here . ''
chloris ambrosia is a flowering vine that is similar to honeysuckle .
chloris ambrosia looked sort of like honeysuckle , as carson had said .
plus honeysuckle .
` ` i see roses , honeysuckle , and even irises .
the honeysuckles tried to entwine her when she plucked off the flowers , but these vines at least lacked thorns .
roses and the wet stamens of honeysuckle , the purple and white streaked petals of iris dropped on him , sticking to his chest and arms , curling around his tatts .
the air smelled of spring and honeysuckle .
along with warm air , the heavy scent of honeysuckle rushed in , and the growl of alec 's plane .
savanah asked , although she could n't smell anything other than the scent of pine trees and the honeysuckles that grew near the front porch .
like honeysuckle and jasmine .
i closed my eyes , thinking of the warm california sun , and i could almost smell the lemon trees on my front porch and the honeysuckle in the backyard .
i smelled the honeysuckle and lemons and relaxed into the solitude .
i could smell sun , grass , oranges and honeysuckle .
as he fiddled with the lock i glanced around , noting the orange trees , the honeysuckle vines , the shrub roses .
god , i could still smell her honeysuckle scent that practically wrapped around me every single time she leaned so close .
it had started with catching the scent of honeysuckle and ended with a kiss that almost turned into full - on sex - in less than a minute .
all he knew was that his skin carried her honeysuckle scent until he showered the next morning .
he 'd been so consumed by her , by her honeysuckle scent , that he 'd kissed her .
he had never heard of anyone on second earth possessing this kind of ability , yet here havily was moaning in that sweet melodic voice of hers as her honeysuckle scent infused the air of his somewhere bedroom .
come for me , he whispered again within her mind , her sweet honeysuckle scent strafing his nostrils and piercing his brain .
her honeysuckle scent poured out of her .
he knew she watched him from the reflection of the chrome plate around the elevator buttons , but did she have any idea how her honeysuckle scent now filled the shared space and worked his c**k into a state of hard readiness ?
` ` all i ' m smelling is honeysuckle , havily .
fucking honeysuckle .
clouds of honeysuckle .
a rain forest of honeysuckle . ''
he 'd been seated on that piece - of - shit , torn - up leather couch smelling her scent , her sweet honeysuckle , and his body had reacted like he 'd been doing lines of viagra .
he drew in a long drag of air through his nostrils , letting the honeysuckle scent of her scrape his nose raw .
he had stood beside her at the top of the long walkway beneath an arch of honeysuckle .
marcus had walked her down that long , difficult path beneath the archway of honeysuckle but all his fear became fixed on his brother warrior , his soon - to - be brother - in - law .
she pressed her hips against him and a wave of honeysuckle rose up to knock him senseless all over again .
another wave of honeysuckle hit him square in the chest .
* * * marcus lost part of his consciousness as havily 's honeysuckle blood hit his stomach and propelled into his bloodstream .
` ` honeysuckle , '' he whispered .
now he was here , holding a goddess in his arms , an ascender who smelled so erotically of honeysuckle .
` ` would you stop throwing honeysuckle at me ?
he could smell her honeysuckle scent and his balls tightened .
trouble was , as soon as he 'd detected her lovely honeysuckle scent wafting from the bathroom , he 'd grown as hard as flint , all over again .
she was remembering as well since a roll of honeysuckle hit him in his gut .
he held her in that position , locked against him , just looking into her eyes until her lips parted and he smelled a delicious wave of honeysuckle .
oh , god , that smell , like the purest honeysuckle .
but when he first entered the place , he 'd been struck by a rich honeysuckle , which later turned out to be havily .
still , he licked his lips , savoring the honeysuckle flavor of havily 's blood .
he breathed in her scent through his nose and at the same time tasted more of her honeysuckle flavor from her lips .
he breathed in the scent of her - woman and honeysuckle - and released a sigh .
` ` honeysuckle , '' he growled .
his eyes narrowed ; then a faint smile and a nod of his chin gave evidence that her sudden emotion had communicated in no doubt a release of what he kept calling honeysuckle .
he stared until a resulting wave of honeysuckle flowed over him .
a wave of honeysuckle once more flooded his sinuses .
however , a moan left her throat , she drew a ragged breath , then licked her lips , and honeysuckle once more assaulted him .
her rich honeysuckle scent flooded the room .
he could smell honeysuckle thick in the space .
then she opened her eyes and a wave of honeysuckle wafted over him , not strong , but his c**k did n't seem to care .
but he knew , he knew , that havily was what he needed right now , her honeysuckle scent in his nose and her body taking him deep inside until he released his seed .
eventually , he was sure he would calm down , but with her honeysuckle mixed with the rich heady smell of sex , he was rigid as hell .
` ` honeysuckle , '' he cried out .
a wave of honeysuckle followed and his skin tingled from the assault .
a heavy bout of honeysuckle slammed over him in response .
a little swirl of honeysuckle made him smile as he moved past her .
a soft moan followed and a sweet wave of honeysuckle .
havily 's scent , her beautiful honeysuckle reached him at the same time .
her lips were on his and her very sweet honeysuckle tongue was suddenly in his mouth .
she waggled her brows , growled , and a wave of honeysuckle shrank the fine tailoring of his pants .
her honeysuckle tugged at his soul .
he did n't know whether to knock or walk in , but when a wave of honeysuckle punched at him through the narrow spaces between the door and the frame , he took a step back .
she nodded but she was shedding honeysuckle from every pore of her body and his body thrummed with his need for her .
he breathed in again and , because her hips flexed , she released a wave of honeysuckle that brought him straight to his knees , which was exactly where he wanted to be .
he stroked her neck again and a heavy wave of honeysuckle flowed over him .
as a group , they were crossing the rolling lawn of kerrick 's mansion in scottsdale two , heading in the direction of the great mounds of honeysuckle that topped the stone walls at the back of his property .
he led the way to the fiery red honeysuckle and stepped between an overlap in what was actually two walls .
the honeysuckle had long since formed an arch overhead .
marcus dipped his head in those places where the honeysuckle had sunk under its own weight .
he was smelling goddamn honeysuckle , a fragrance he loved .
sort of like honeysuckle . ''
had all of second started using glade plugins laced with honeysuckle ?
at that moment the honeysuckle scent struck him all over again , like taking a hard swing of a baseball bat to his stomach .
night had fallen and somehow her honeysuckle scent had gotten heavier and thicker as the hours wore on .
her cheeks turned pink and a sudden wave of honeysuckle had him swallowing the white wine like he was dying of thirst .
and all he could smell was a powerful drift of honeysuckle .
he had been avoiding this moment from the first time he arrived on second and caught her honeysuckle scent in endelle 's office .
toward the back , mounds of honeysuckle covered a ten - foot wall , both sides .
at the far end , beneath the shade of dozens of trees , enormous mounds of honeysuckle were alive with sparrows flitting everywhere and chattering like mad .
he walked under the honeysuckle arbor just before the gate leading to a fenced backyard with privacy wood along the sides and chain link on the end that faced the ocean .
so different from his boyhood farm where the animals had roamed free ... although the scent of honeysuckle was the same .
she twirled a bit of honeysuckle vine between two fingers .
she tucked the honeysuckle into her pocket .
and then on his next breath , a hint of honeysuckle mingled good with the bad .
and then the scent of honeysuckle filled him , engulfed him , until he wanted to curl up and sleep for a decade .
` ` you can touch me too , you know , '' she whispered against his mouth , the scent of honeysuckle filling the space between them .
but right now , mama whispered through her head sure as a surprise honeysuckle spring breeze in the middle of the desert .
her familiar scent of honeysuckle teased his nose .
his forehead fell to rest on hers and he inhaled the scent of her honeysuckle shampoo .
sweeping the warm recesses of her mouth with his tongue , he tasted mary elise , wondered if the honeysuckle sensation was taste or scent but could n't tell with her jumbling all his senses .
laughing , he pulled her close , inhaled the scent of honeysuckle shampoo and the promise of forever .
nora turns down honeysuckle drive .
the smell of honeysuckle filled my nose and i looked around before i realized that the smell was n't coming from around me .
she 'd smelled like honeysuckles then , too .
the wind blew the scent of honeysuckles toward him .
her honeysuckle - and - caramel scent that his wolf had always found ... intriguing ... now had the distinctive tang of a mature female , and it incited his wolf .
he scented her before he saw her ; that caramel - and - honeysuckle scent made his wolf growl and the knot in dante 's chest ease - a knot he had n't even known was there until then .
burying his nose in the crook of her neck , he took that caramel - and - honeysuckle scent into his system .
i turned slowly to the door , inhaling the sudden honeysuckle scent .
the scent of honeysuckle grew .
within seconds , i found myself standing in the honeysuckle land , surrounded by my own soldiers .
i tipped my head back , taking in the scent of honeysuckle .
that was why i 'd had to travel to the honeysuckle land to reach the ohio gate .
she emerged from behind a honeysuckle bush , wearing casual gardening clothes but with her red hair immaculately styled .
lot of honeysuckle , too , '' she added thoughtfully .
there was ; everyone planted honeysuckle by the privy .
as a nod to the quakers ' sensibilities , though , there was only one vase of flowers - a very plain glass vase - between the two wooden benches that had been set at the front of the room , and the faint perfume of honeysuckle and pink cabbage roses mingled with the turpentine smell of hot pine boards and the pungent scents of fairly clean but very hot people .
a blur appeared between the benches at the front , and a hummingbird materialized , drawn through the open window , a tiny blur of green and scarlet hovering beside the coral trumpets of the native honeysuckle .
she smelled like honeysuckle - an aroma i knew well .
instead of expressing an innocent greeting , i found myself drowning in her scent - the subtle honeysuckle that had etched itself on to my olfactory sensors that rainy day weeks ago .
her hair tumbled all around us as my hands slipped to her thighs , and beneath the curtain of her silky , honeysuckle hair , i mapped the curves of her br**sts with my tongue , skimming the soft undersides , the full outer contours , the pectoral line down the centre .
the sweet scent of honeysuckle surrounds me like a blanket .
chapter five before any real alarm could set in ( past the initial shock of being grabbed , that is ) , a honeysuckle scent teased my nose and i knew immediately who held me .
it smelled like honeysuckle in the summertime and i knew who carried that aroma .
between a very pleasant honeysuckle smell and his uber pale skin , i knew he was a vampire .
i pulled a tendril from the honeysuckle and began picking off its leaves .
my nurse habib sips on his coffee , as i announce to him that i am going out to feed the pixies in the honeysuckles , and inspect the gods eyes that i have hung from the eaves of my bungalowthe ones that ward off spy - beams and enchantments from the evil eye that resides in the redwoods near gogs bungalow on the other side of the meadow .
behind the pool house was a tennis court , and beyond that , were the stables covered with ivy , honeysuckle , and blackberry .
there were branches dripping with honeysuckle and crab apple blossoms .
the creature licked clean silent williams wounds and placed garlands of blossom around him for it knew all the places where honeysuckle grew .
as they neared the great tree wodi was hit by the scent of honeysuckle mixed with old batteries and his awareness shifted .
a large , feral , almost bovine skull hung upon the far wall , and chaotic wreaths of long - dead honeysuckle and lilac were laid about the thing .
-- larry niven chapter 1 zachary adams enjoyed the sweet smell of honeysuckle as he limped toward the garden on a mostly mended leg .
the late afternoon air was filled with the scent of honeysuckle and the sounds of the cicadas , but they were both lost in other private worlds , worlds without smell or the need to remember nature 's sounds .
so , while rei could clear it full upright before the honeysuckle vines grew , they were getting rather thick overhead so that he now he has to duck down a little .
he slipped around the side of the house , the purposely overgrown honeysuckle masking his movements until he stood beside the short picket fence bordering the front lawn .
the jungle was alive with the laughter of the flowing water , the music of birds , and the rich fragrance of newly blooming flowers and honeysuckle .
starra , when i smell the fresh aroma of wild flowers , honeysuckles , and wild strawberries while growing on the side of the cliff .
peace be with you all i have come again after many incarnations to dwell among my children all of you are my children come , drop your weapons and toys and come bathe with me in the healing tears that i have shed from down on high in my sadness at what you , my frightened and wayward ones , have done to this garden planet , once so perfect and oh so beautiful , ah , the polar ice cream caps , frost giants , and scary sea serpents i have returned just in the nick of time to restore this habitation that i brought forth into being from nothing but a spark of light in my mind and the love in my heart for you all , even you russians oh how you have yearned and prayed for this blessed day , when i begin to renew the cycle of lushness um , dancing pandas , gentle rains , laughing giraffes , honeysuckle temples , fetching moist maidens , and upright masculine surfer poets this garden of earthly delights , cornucopias , noontime nooky and plenty of iteven leftovers and sloppy secondsall out of my head all out of my head all out of my headi am doing this all of this for you you you out of love love love hubba hubba mere words can not even express my love for all of you , and what i bring to all of you , even you fat and ugly ones !
she asked , turning back to face him , the movement filling his nostrils with a potent concoction of honeysuckle and oiled - leather .
it was nt so much a wall before them , but actually more like a giant birdcage made of securely welded piecemeal junk onto which a creeping vinery of bumblebee - infested honeysuckle had not only insinuated itself , but also vigorously flourished .
the train rails ahead of them crossed north to south and there was forested hillside beyond them that enclosed the back of that sheltered area beneath the honeysuckle vineyard cage .
the honeysuckle cage completely closed off all access from ghouls while it offered them a high flat face to the east that concealed any human activity that took place behind it .
from the inside , they could finally appreciate the immense scale and magnificence of the engineering feat that was the vineyards honeysuckle dome .
she pressed over him , a body made of the wind , a breast of sudden fragrant jasmine , rose , and honeysuckle .
jasmine , rose , honeysuckle , old hay .. , the smell of love .
jasmine , rose , honeysuckle .
she touched him tentatively ( honeysuckle , jasmine , sweet attar ) and he pushed her violently , falling to his knees .
so many days , so many dawns , so many noon lunches of bologna sandwiches with mustard and raw chopped onion and giant glasses of milk while his mom sat silently in the living room with her bottomless glass of wine , listening to the soap operas on the radio , so many depthless afternoons when sweat grew in the short hedge of your crewcut and then ran down your cheeks , afternoons when the moment you noticed that your blob of a shadow had grown a boy always came as a surprise , so many endless twilights with the sweat cooling away to nothing but smell on your cheeks and forearms while you played tag or red rover or capture the flag ; sounds of bike chains , slots clicking neatly into oiled cogs , smells of honeysuckle and cooling asphalt and green leaves and cut grass , sounds of the slap of baseball cards being laid out on some kid 's front walk , solemn and portentous trades which changed the faces of both leagues , councils that went on in the slow shady tilt of a july evening until the call of ` ` cliiiive !
when he opened the door , the dim shadows retreated somewhat , and a whispering breeze that smelled of pine and honeysuckle rolled through the room .
sixty or eighty yards ahead , the road rose to a higher hill with an ancient speaking ring moldering in the ivy and honeysuckle on one side and a grove of ironwood trees on the other .
she remembered putting the plate carefully down on the gravelly ground and then starting to step on it and stopping , remembered taking off her plain cotton panties and putting them into the pocket where the plate had been , and then carefully slipping the first finger of her left hand carefully against the cut in her at the place where old stupid god had joined her and all other girls and women imperfectly , but something about that place must be right , because she remembered the jolt , remembered wanting to press , remembered not pressing , remembered how delicious her vagina had been naked , without the cotton panties in the way of it and the world , and she had not pressed , not until her shoe pressed , her black patent leather shoe , not until her shoe pressed down on the plate , then she pressed on the cut with her finger the way she was pressing on the blue woman 's forspecial china plate with her foot , she remembered the way the black patent leather shoe covered the delicate blue webbing on the edge of the plate , she remembered the press , yes , she remembered pressing in the drawers , pressing with finger and foot , remembered the delicious promise of finger and cut , remembered that when the plate snapped with a bitter brittle snap a similar brittle pleasure had skewered upward from that cut into her guts like an arrow , she remembered the cry which had broken from her lips , an unpleasant cawing like the sound of a crow scared up from a cornpatch , she could remember staring dully at the fragments of the plate and then taking the plain white cotton panties slowly out of her dress pocket and putting them on again , step - ins , so she had heard them called in some time unhoused in memory and drifting loose like turves on a flood - tide , step - ins , good , because first you stepped out to do your business and then you stepped back in , first one shiny patent leather shoe and then the other , good , panties were good , she could remember drawing them up her legs so clearly , drawing them past her knees , a scab on the left one almost ready to fall off and leave clean pink new babyskin , yes , she could remember so clearly it might not have been a week ago or yesterday but only one single moment ago , she could remember how the waistband had reached the hem of her party dress , the clear contrast of white cotton against brown skin , like cream , yes , like that , cream from a pitcher caught suspended over coffee , the texture , the panties disappearing under the hem of the dress , except then the dress was burnt orange and the panties were not going up but down but they were still white but not cotton , they were nylon , cheap see - through nylon panties , cheap in more ways than one , and she remembered stepping out of them , she remembered how they glimmered on the floormat of the ' 46 dodge desoto , yes , how white they were , how cheap they were , not anything dignified like underwear but cheap panties , the girl was cheap and it was good to be cheap , good to be on sale , to be on the block not even like a whore but like a good breedsow ; she remembered no round china plate but the round white face of a boy , some surprised drunk fraternity boy , he was no china plate but his face was as round as the blue woman 's china plate had been , and there was webbing on his cheeks , and this webbing looked as blue as the webbing on the blue woman 's forspecial china plate had been , but that was only because the neon was red , the neon was garish , in the dark the neon from the roadhouse sign made the spreading blood from the places on his cheeks where she had clawed him look blue , and he had said why did youwhy did you why did you do , and then he unrolled the window so he could get his face outside to puke and she remembered hearing dodie stevens on the jukebox , singing about tan shoes with pink shoelaces and a big panama with a purple hatband , she remembered the sound of his puking was like gravel in a cement mixer , and his penis , which moments before had been a livid exclamation point rising from the tufted tangle of his pubic hair , was collapsing into a weak white question mark ; she remembered the hoarse gravel sounds of his vomiting stopped and then started again and she thought well i guess he ai n't made enough to lay this foundation yet and laughing and pressing her finger ( which now came equipped with a long shaped nail ) against her vagina which was bare but no longer bare because it was overgrown with its own coarse briared tangle , and there had been the same brittle breaking snap inside her , and it was still as much pain as it was pleasure ( but better , far better , than nothing at all ) , and then he was grabbing blindly for her and saying in a hurt breaking tone oh you goddamned nigger cunt and she went on laughing just the same , dodging him easily and snatching up her panties and opening the door on her side of the car , feeling the last blind thud of his fingers on the back of her blouse as she ran into a may night that was redolent of early honeysuckle , red - pink neon light stuttering off the gravel of some postwar parking lot , stuffing her panties , her cheap slick nylon panties not into the pocket of her dress but into a purse jumbled with a teenager 's cheerful conglomeration of cosmetics , she was running , the light was stuttering , and then she was twenty - three and it was not panties but a rayon scarf , and she was casually slipping it into her purse as she walked along a counter in the nice notions section of macy'sda scarf which sold at that time for $ 1.99 .
they are always seen around that particular gazebo , which is located at the top of a hill and looks down toward a rock wall which is pretty much buried in honeysuckle and wild roses .
whiff of honeysuckle .
' oh , yes , honey , yes , ' he said as if waking from a dream , his senses flooded suddenly with the fragrance of the honeysuckle on the screens , and the singing of the birds outside , and the warmth of the sun itself coming in on them .
' i ' m gettin a whiff of honeysuckle . '
she smelled nice , something like honeysuckle , and she had a friendly smile on her mouth .
but that led back toward susan , lovely susan at the window with her hair unbraided and all down her back , the smell of her like jasmine and rose and honeysuckle and old sweet hay , smells of which the oracle in the mountains had been able to make only the palest mimicry .
richard realized that he could smell each of the women in the elevator with him : door smelled mostly of curry ; hunter smelled , not unpleasantly , of sweat , in a way that made him think of great cats in cages at zoos ; while lamia smelled , intoxicatingly , of honeysuckle and lily of the valley and musk .
richard walked next to lamia , breathing in the lily - of - the - valley - honeysuckle scent of her , and enjoying her company .
the honeysuckle and the lily of the valley wrapped around him , and his eyes saw nothing but her pale skin and her dark plum - bloom lips , and her jet black hair .
he could smell honeysuckle , and lily of the valley , and musk .
warmth flowed around him , violet and rustling green , scented overpoweringly of honeysuckle and wet stone .
stands of blooming cactus surrounded it , and trees choked with honeysuckle .
soon karen found herself drifting down a narrow canal , the walls festooned with tiny pink and blue blossoms , scented not unlike honeysuckles .
a breeze stirred the still air , and kendra smelled citrus fruit , sand , sap , jasmine , and honeysuckle .
she exists on the edges of the pages , in the spaces between the words , her name unwritten except in riddles : a woman 's green - and - gold scarf on duncan 's apartment desk , sudden honeysuckle in a glass in his school office , a puzzling hint of cologne during lunch .
the sweet , pungent scent of honeysuckle wound itself around me .
imagine a courtyard with stone benches and willows and the scent of honeysuckle and sweet , good conversation .
he smelled of sewers scoured clean with an essence of honeysuckle and sandalwood , with the sewer smell still lingering in the background .
i inhaled deeply and was assaulted with the wonderful fragrance of honeysuckles that i knew belonged to my beloved .
tulu inhales then exhales with a dose of heavy oxygen as mccamy sighs then breathes deeply , tenderly laying his face on top of her honeysuckle - sweet smelling brunette silky locks of tulus hair since his frame is six feet and four inches of bronze hard working farm muscle and strength .
kodare chuckles with a light tone , slamming the new hand - held tv screen onto his padded loveseat while he scoots away from vicious doboil and flirty vovinaall alone , thinking of the upcoming encounter with the new group of boys for the annual honeysuckle ball .
new theme for honeysuckle ball .
kodare , pass out these mini - tvs to all colonies then advertise our annual apprenticeship for the upcoming honeysuckle ball with the new visual and audio live entertainment .
mccamy giggles and kisses tulus soft hair , inhaling the sweet honeysuckle smell then chin whips his face to annoy at taffy .
jellico pats the small bouquet of honeysuckles in her hands .
not eat , honeysuckles can be sucked by pulling the flower stem leaking with honey juice then lick the plant stick you re your tongue .
you get your travel bag and your bouquet of honeysuckles .
to contain our body heat and body beautiful , we dress in fine garments of wool , satin , silk , and furry little dead creatures gathered and captured from the surrounding fields ... vines of annoying honeysuckles , not fields of , brazoria corrects , slapping her hands against the chop block .
your first task as apprentices is to create a unique ball gown for the honeysuckle ball tomorrow night which is being held in the dance hall for your introduction dbut as apprentices in front of director hico .
they ll leave tomorrow after the honeysuckle ball , tonight .
i m sorry to report that i ca nt share any data since my only knowledge received from the metro city birmingham business office was the thin letter which only included the date and time of presentation along with small amount of monies and pre - set transportation instructions for my family members to attend the honeysuckle ball , tonight .
masks for the honeysuckle ball .
the honeysuckle ball is a masquerade dance .
at this moment , were running late for our grand entrance into the honeysuckle ball where your families await .
welcome to the honeysuckle ball .
you smell like fresh sweet hand picked honeysuckles , which is very nice to chicken noses .
and i stole.them from the honeysuckle fields .
there are tons of honeysuckle vines outside metro city .
wear your fresh sensed honeysuckles .
eighteen biceps soldierly march left off center stage as eighteen biceps manly strut right off with male biceps fall behind female gowns for the first honeysuckle ball competition of night one .
you smell nice like honeysuckles .
however , our new rules encompass many more thenthe one single winner of the honeysuckle ball which would include their fellow teens and colony of families .
they miss the bodies then kick again with shoes and connect to the body parts then slice flash blades producing blood , grunts , and kills with deadly force for survival of the honeysuckle ball .
remember our roles in the honeysuckle ball .
thenyou brought me a fistful of twin bouquets of honeysuckles .
we buried our dead in red clay , covered with green honeysuckle vines , and closed the apex of our forgotten city , not reminding us of the nuke war , shutting our eyelids and gray matter to the deadly defeat of the usa .
[ : o honeysuckle field .
rusk grabs taffys arm as they gallop their boot heels over fallen logs and stomp wildflowers towards the golden honeysuckle fields where bite - nats tubs huddle quietly on the green vines .
honeysuckles or the uncommon name honeyberries grow vigorous in the heated sunlight , possess nearly indestructible green leaves , and produce perfectly red round poisonous berries within the massive honeysuckle field currently located at metro city birmingham .
honeysuckles or the uncommon name honeyberries grow vigorous in the heated sunlight , possess nearly indestructible green leaves , and produce perfectly red round poisonous berries within the massive honeysuckle field currently located at metro city birmingham .
she examines the empty wood platform , bleeding on the covered ground the color of light purple , narrowing her eyelashes , and leans her nose into the honeysuckle leaf , recalling that the berry leaves are nt purple , only mint green .
she realizes the berry leaves possess tiny bits of bite - nats , understanding mentally that the tube must have broken apart probably from the rush of bodies impacting together for the grand prize as she sees only about one percent fragment liquid of precious bite - nats tube glass , surveying with eyeballs a wider part of the honeysuckle field , displaying no wounded or dead body parts then sighs and breathes , deeply which means wolf and atoka must have successfully acquired a tube or two of bite - nats .
taffy wonders if the lilac - colored bite - nats paint can be used lying on top of the honeysuckle leaves then uprights her body , dashing into the woodland forest for a tiny dead tree twig for a tool implement as she yanks the healthy maple leaves from the dry twig .
she returns to the paint , brushing back the berry leaves seeing the issue that the lilac bite - nats have been 99 % absorbed into the component of the vine including the honeysuckles flowers , red berries , green leaves , and clay red dirt .
taffy ai nt touching the exposed and painted bite - nats upon the honeyberries which might accidentally transform her human body into a single one bell - shaped honeysuckle flower since bite - nats are dangerous morphing alive things as she giggles with a girly tone .
taffy executively decides against the placement of bite - nat art work inside her calf muscles since her jeans are designed to protect her long legs that tuck into her cowgirl boots as she holds steady the dead yellowish single leave over the top of honeysuckle flower then cautiously taps without touching the painted flower , stem , and hanging berries , capturing tiny splatters of lilac .
she fondly thinks of yesterdays in south beach before the honeysuckle ball at her daddys farm when baycliff would bring her a handful of wild pink roses ( without cow drool ) .that he had collected around the cow pastures during his visual inspections of the baby calves and loose fence posts .
then , rusk visited taffy during their evening mealtime after farm chores at the thelee farm , tagging slowly behind mccamy who lovingly tongue drools over his girl tulu while rusk presented taffy with a hand bouquet of sweet red flowered honeysuckles ( without the poisonous berries ) .like his twin .
tulu loves the honeysuckle flowers and sucks down the sweet nectar as mccamy and her leave the dining table for their private time in the backyard of the house under the watchful eyeballs of tourann and thelee .
butterflies are attracted by salt within the human sweat for sodium , feeding on nectar from the flowers for sugar , sipping water from the damp patches of honeysuckle leaves , and pollinating any entire species of plants throughout the globe .
during the arms entanglement ( sniggers ) .the lilac medium tube tumbled into the honeysuckle leaves as the thin glass broke into hundreds and one pieces of sharp metal .
ya smellsweetlike a cup of honeysuckle juice .
i did nt find the tube only fragments of the glass with about 99 % of the paint splashed onto the honeysuckles .
i guess them honeysuckles are some american type with a set of yellow blooming flowers .
ya smell like sweet honeysuckles .
i guess , honey the honeysuckle nectar has absorbed into your human skin like a floral perfume probably have to wear off like a berry stainin a couple of days .
i can use my sweet odor to attract the prey and you can catch them while they sniff my honeysuckle body .
baycliff hands over the gourd then soldierly pivots to the south towards the honeysuckle fields looking for the bandits .
rusk recalls she was heading south towards the honeysuckle fields , trucking his boot heels south very swiftly .
taffy swiftly stands , trotting to the honeysuckle fields which edge the line of green bushes .
he veers a wide right towards the dense forest then an open clearing , recalling the electronic map that the honeysuckle fields lay south , getting close , and guesses taffy is here , waiting for him .
rusk swiftly runs like a jet fighter into the honeysuckle field .
baycliff tenderly kisses her lips , hugging sweetly then pushes her away from him towards the honeysuckle fields , watching her dash away safely into clearing and searching for rusk .
baycliff slams his hands against rusks collar bone , holding him forcefully down to the grass , again with a sappy mug as baycliffs eyeballs meet a new movement to the left along the honeysuckle field .
pemona babies her arm , holding the batch of prettily de - thorned roses inside the overflowing gourd , staring beautifully at acres of pink , yellow , and red flowered honeysuckle vines pouring over miles of green landscape while she sighs then breathes , deeply , missing the faint whistling sound , and swiftly feels a sharp pain attack her earlobes once the brain stem senses the sensation .
pemona drops the gourd of flowers , bowing at her waist and feeling dizzy in her head and throbbing upon her rear neck muscles and falls gracefully into the bed of soft and sweet honeysuckle leaves while doll spinning and lands flat on her back , viewing the scary t - rex mask .
taffy charges at train speed , heralding her rabbit - spear directly at pemonas fallen body as rusk rushes his pace and blocks his body slapping into taffy and taffys spear , jerking the weapon from her hand as it de - masks into the dead white rabbit then pitches it into the honeysuckle leaves .
baycliff snorts invisible steam from his nose and ear holes then chin whips his face deeply into his chest and walks slowly towards the honeysuckle fields .
taffy does nt react but stares at baycliffstanding alone at the edge of honeysuckles as tulu expresses .
mccamy poses next baycliff , staring at miles of pretty honeysuckles , informing his childhood friend .
she had a fit baycliff stares at the honeysuckles , injects .
scarlet honeysuckle lengths to 12 feet displaying red flowers .
there s a patch of american honeysuckle which is the longest growth to 25 feet .
who every guarded the cityguarded the secret and i bet my best stallion its under them honeysuckles .
he finger points while bobbing his skull up and down in the direction of miles of honeysuckle leaves upon vines upon grounds of red clay dirt .
rusk babies and pampers waist - high pemona , lounging her legs inside the bed of honeysuckles while rusk dresses tenderly her skull with cloth bandages from tulus backpack .
i shot some stray visitors trespassing on our property then buried them under the type of same honeysuckles vineslike here in metro city birmingham .
and nobody knows this tidbit of gossip but over time and space on planet earth , the glittery batch gets strongerlasts a life time , kinda like honeysuckles .
taffy smiles , talking about the honeysuckle life cycle then her lips flat line as she growls in deep tenor saxophone in angry .
mccamy flips his body around towards the honeysuckle field then rudely finger points at female as the female sweetly cuddles into smiling baycliffs face with his warm steel biceps completely covering her skinny bones and pale but healthy flesh while the female waves with a friendly gesture to wolf , mccamy , tulu , and taffy .
i soldierly stand among the moist vines of sweet smelling honeysuckles , and watch the actors act before my dry eyeballs , and hear the play outside my acute eardrums , feeling the mixed emotions surge inside my numb heart valves .
he eye burns dead brazoria framed forever in yellow and green t - rex mask upon her human face along with the teenage girly body , laying stone cold blue in within the honeysuckle green vines on the ground then eyeballs rusk , demanding .
i stand with arms hanging at my kneecaps , watching two - by - two the love birdies fly away from me as i feel lonely and sad and mad and glad rotating my neck muscles around beautiful pink and yellow and red flowers living among the honeysuckle vines .
i mentally flash back when baycliff passionately kisses my lips and wraps his steel muscles around my body behind the bushes near the honeysuckle fields then confesses .
mccamy closetly hugs her petite body deeper into his chest , kissing the top of her sweet smelling honeysuckle black hair , and softly hums .
mccamy threatens in deadly baritone as he presents duck lips , ugly while death thoughts about baycliff dancing with tulu at the honeysuckle ball .
he wraps both biceps around her body , closing his eyelids and plants his skull upon her sweet smelling hair of honeysuckles , and sighs then breathes , deeply , opening his eyelids then swings tulu around to face him and starts on her forehead kissing his lips down to her nose bridge then cheekbones and finally on her soft lips for a very long time then they surface and giggle like little kids .
she hugs her guy as mccamy kisses her sweet smelling honeysuckle hair .
mccamy hugs tulu close , closing his eyelids , and plants his skull on her sweet smelling black hair of honeysuckles , and sighs then breathes , deeply , opening his eyelids , kissing her forehead , nose bridge , and cheekbone then her soft pink lips .
that survived.we survived your stupid honeysuckle ballhico .
rusk and baycliff , the heroes of the honeysuckle ball hico twisted lips , ugly then swings his body in circle and re - appears in front of rusk as he continues .
girl , you survived honeysuckle ball to get back here for another battle with usbandits .
them riders are meaner then the sissy bunch at the honeysuckle ball , they ll kill mccamy .
tulu names as she nods her skull with silence agreement then hugs closetly his chest as he squeezes her tight enough to deflate all the air from her lungs with love and protection then tenderly kisses her sweet smelling honeysuckle hair .
mccamy softly ends with tears dropping from his eyeballs , holding tightly tulu inside his chest , laying his chin upon her honeysuckle hair and sobbing for his twin .
i just stare smile sweetly , saying in my honeysuckle southern language , which is truly different from the english language .
i immediate sniff the odors of sweet honeysuckles , ripped strawberries , and fresh flower fragrances , walking down the yellow - colored brick road lining with shaded trees that dance over the zillion flowers of roses , daisies , lilies , marigolds , and violets as tiny brown squirrels peek and boo along our path towards the house .
tina scampers over the honeysuckle bushes into the barn yard , seeking the helpless and needy human .
a very friendly lady who smelled of honeysuckle took us out of the envelope and counted again .
the scent of fuchsias , honeysuckle , and wild heather danced on the breeze .
i took slow deep breaths and i neared the gazebo , taking in the smell of the honeysuckles and a lake that i knew was just farther down the path .
he jogged down ahead of the engine and ducked behind a honeysuckle bush .
brambles and honeysuckle overran the lone headstone in the cemetery .
shrubs grew wild and thick about the church 's massive base and just to the left of a mas of thick honeysuckle , the boys could see the rusted , iron fence surrounding the lonely cemetery .
instead he smelled honeysuckle and wet grass .
the smell of honeysuckle tickled my nose .
i had nt been able to place it before but will reminded me of home , and of our backyard in summertime , when the honeysuckle is in full bloom and costas has lit the fire pit .
as i step further inside i realize the room even smells like her , a distinctive smell something like honeysuckle , but not quite .
there were stone benches and carved angels , the scent of jasmine , and honeysuckle .
the breeze carried the smell of wet earth , of honeysuckles in bloom and a very subtle smell of salt air from a sea not far away .
they walked past pebbly beach , past honeysuckle point and with his uncle walked along fishermen paths past gosangs tunnel towards the steep cliffs of beecroft peninsula .
azalea bushes were growing at the base of the piers and honeysuckle had wrapped itself around the railings of the porch .
and at dusk i ve seen hummingbirds hovering around the honeysuckle and lilac bushes that crowd the house and give off sweet fragrances .
hazel bushes and honeysuckle shrubs formed a natural hedge around the yard and the air was redolent of the sweet smell of late blooming flowers .
her father had just mowed the grass and the sweet smell of it was so vibrant , along with the honeysuckle , and barbeque a few doors down .
he imagined he could smell the honeysuckle scent of it wafting up through the screen .
he noted she preferred the honeysuckle scent to the lilac .
a hint of honeysuckle floated past on the ocean breeze lifting up the glen , followed by the smell of eucalyptus .
penny had even gone to the fencerow out near the storage shed and picked some sprays of honeysuckle and put in a vase in the room and it seemed to cheer it up a great deal .
elaine stepped out of the way as lois passed , the wonderful combination of bulgarian rose , grasse jasmine , and honeysuckle trailing behind her .
she went to her usual bench , which was in the middle of the park and surrounded by an exotic vine of honeysuckle , called honey - rose , that had not only grown to the size of a tree , but had pigeon - sized bells that hung down over the benches .
and the smell , unlike most honeysuckle that had a woody fragrance , this particular bush was pure sweetness , especially in the cool rain which seemed to enrich its bouquet , making it smell like a body oil .
her perfume was familiar , sweet honeysuckle and something else .
here , the employees were embraced within carefully maintained gardens ; white wrought iron pergolas over intricately carved benches dotted the landscape , each heady with the scent of heavily draped burgundy honeysuckle .
i hid , crouching behind a particularly lush honeysuckle situated at the edge of crimeen 's impressive sweep of drive .
it was flanked by a profusion of wild vegetation privet , fennel , nasturtiums , honeysuckle and red vetch .
honeysuckle , trumpet and fox - grape vines spewed like fountains from the clustered scrub oaks and pines .
peeping on her , once , he had tripped on his shoe strings , giving away his hiding place between the honeysuckle vine and her bedroom window , four houses down from his own .
a fresh wave of sweet smelling honeysuckle , orange blossom , and lilac warmly wash over me .
all at once he is onto a buckled section of highway with his headlights bridging a deep hole , about a half mile wide and as long , and he has to back and drive down in the ditch on the right side , skirting a stooped wire fence held up by dog - fennel and honeysuckle vines .
the sweet smell of the honeysuckle climbing the boundary wall reminded her inexplicably of the corpse .
as daddy got out of his car and started the short walk to the front door of the police station he noticed the smell of honeysuckle in the air .
oh , i guess old miss graham and miss pentle call their place on the other side of the town library honeysuckle , because of the honeysuckle bushes all over the fence in front , but that 's the only one in these parts i ever heard named . ''
oh , i guess old miss graham and miss pentle call their place on the other side of the town library honeysuckle , because of the honeysuckle bushes all over the fence in front , but that 's the only one in these parts i ever heard named . ''
he hears a faint , squawking cry as his fellow sky diver is swept away , and then there 's a smell honeysuckle no , it 's her hair and jack gasps against a weight on his chest and his diaphragm , a feeling that the wind has been knocked out of him .
the smell of honeysuckle and sweet sassafras hung in the still air .
when i turned off faith i saw a city work crew cleaning the honeysuckle and poison ivy from around the dead end sign at the end of the street .
a riotous profusion of desert flowers in dusty shades of pink and purple bloomed from the rock faces around them , casting out a sweet perfume , not unlike honeysuckle .
gary was just on the other side of the arbor , the screen of honeysuckle and trumpet vines heavy between them .
now she could feel it as clearly as she could see the fading violet light or smell the honeysuckle outside vickie 's window .
the scent of honeysuckle filled bonnie 's nostrils .
almost at once the room was filled with the fragrance of honeysuckle and rain .
` ` la , honeysuckle , you are well aware that we here are all , in our own special way , deviants in our penchants . ''
a gentle breeze that smel ed like honeysuckle and the sea breeze nudged the vines that climbed the wal s of the school .
on the far side , payne strolled around the sanctuary , her bare feet tickled by the springy green grass , her nose filled with the scents of honeysuckle and hyacinth .
the rolling green grass and the tulips and honeysuckle reached only so far before they were cut off by a ring of trees that encircled the lawn .
her skin smelled like honeysuckle and was as smooth as silk .
her blood was warm and fragrant and tasted like sweet peas and honeysuckle , exactly like she smelled .
the sun was beginning to sink into the horizon , and the smell of honeysuckle and jasmine hung heavily in the air .
the two words rolled off my tongue like the sweet - tasting nectar of the blossoming honeysuckles .
there were banks of lilies , vases ful of roses , tulips in every color and shade , and riots of daffodils and narcissus , while fragrant honeysuckle and freesia lay in bowers .
vampires and other creatures of darkness were drawn to hot spots like bumblebees to honeysuckle .
there was some sweet scent in the air - honeysuckle , freesia ?
she smells like honeysuckle and bricks . ''
she does smell like honeysuckle and bricks .
the honeysuckle i knew about .
honeysuckle and rose .
he inhaled deeply , breathing in her honeysuckle and roses scent .
he stood very still , savoring the feel of her , that honeysuckle scent .
she tasted of the honeysuckle she smelled like , sweet and floral .
the papers on the desk were tidy , and the air was wonderfully sweet , smelling of roses and honeysuckle .
all she smelled was the roses and honeysuckle .
and she smelled like jasmine and honeysuckle .
he loved jasmine and honeysuckle , more than anything .
i moved close enough for him to smell my honeysuckle perfume .
he lay still , frozen by fear , testing the heavy fragrance , picking out the underlying notes of frangipani and honeysuckle .
past the reek of sweat , waste , and urine came the wafting sweetness of honeysuckle and gardenia .
i smelled wet grass , rain , honeysuckle .
the constant churn of the water shrouded the area in a fine mist and spritzed the honeysuckle curling around and through a series of freestanding , whitewashed trellises that flanked the fountain .
the rich , heady aroma of honeysuckle saturated the night air , carried along by a soft summer breeze .
once again , the aroma of honeysuckle saturated the air , although now the scent seemed sickly sweet , as though it were the funeral - home stench of perfumed , floral death .
the sweet perfume of the ever - present honeysuckle seemed to have gathered strength while we 'd been inside , hanging over everything like a thick , humid cloud .
i tiptoed through the gardens , careful not to rustle the honeysuckle vines that seemed to wind over , through , and around everything , along with the briars .
the air was fragrant with the scent of night - blooming jasmine and honeysuckle .
her skin was warm and smooth , her hair fragrant with the scent of honeysuckle , her lips soft and pliable .
the lampposts in meadowbridge park had been on for hours , illuminating the honeysuckle bushes .
climbing plants grew thick and wild on the buildings , fragrant honeysuckle and ivy and wisteria , but only to a few feet above ground level .
i would never forget the pond and the trees and the smell of honeysuckle and pine .
unfortunately , the night air and smell of honeysuckle and pine was eclipsed by the more terrifying event afterwards .
the smell of honeysuckle lingered in the air .
my head is full of echoes now , fragments and distortions : the heady smell of honeysuckle in the summer ; fat , droning bees ; trees bowed low under the weight of heavy snowfall ; hana running ahead of me , laughing , her blond hair swinging in an arc .
for a moment , a flood of memories rides up , surging on the air and the smell of honeysuckle : hana and i squeezing lemon juice on our hair to lighten it , stealing sodas from the cooler in uncle william 's store and taking them down to back cove ; clam - pot dinners on the old wooden porch when it was too hot to eat inside ; following gracie 's tricycle down the street , wobbling on my bike , trying not to pass her .
i close my eyes and breathe in the sweet summer air laced with honeysuckle .
i grab his shoulders to hold myself up , breathing hard , inhaling a mix of honeysuckle and soap .
` ` and this here 's honeysuckle rose , '' says matthew , proudly handing his girl up from the dock .
` ` now , matty , you know we decided not to take on any more passengers , lads , so i ' m afraid we- '' honeysuckle decides it 's time to speak up .
` ` so honeysuckle and me , we cut and run and made it down to cairo , where we fell ever so gratefully under the kind and lovin ' protection of these fine gentlemen . ''
` ` why , no , ah do n't believe we are acquainted with that person , no , '' says honeysuckle .
gushes honeysuckle .
once , when in a lumber - cutting town - pikesville , i think it was named - there was a lad , probably not yet sixteen , who had a bit too much to drink at the bar , and when i noticed , i gave honeysuckle the finger - across - the - throat sign that meant cut that boy off , and she nodded , and in few minutes the boy got up and walked unsteadily over to the gaming table where sat yancy , alone .
i hear some yoo - hoos and feminine laughter , and i suspect that honeysuckle and tupelo and clementine and chloe are standing on the cabin top , smiling and waving and flirting shamelessly with the soldiers out on deck , who must be in a state of total amazement .
` ` the misses honeysuckle rose and tupelo honey took them directly to their chairs resting on the trapdoor .
` ` oh , you poor little thang , '' say honeysuckle rose and tupelo honey together .
hmmm ... * * * the three soldiers are shy at first , but they are soon relaxed by the food , the drink , and the general merriment of our little tavern , to say nothing of the presence of clementine , chloe , honeysuckle rose , tupelo honey , and my own cheeky self .
he is being seen to by a very tearful and adoring honeysuckle rose .
honeysuckle rose ?
they leap to it , as i ' m sure honeysuckle rose and tupelo honey have told them many tales of the delights that wait for them in new orleans .
then reverend clawson , open bible in hand , then katy , clementine , honeysuckle rose , and tupelo honey .
the belle of the golden west gets under way once again , this time with a much diminished crew - we now have only myself , higgins , jim and clementine , reverend clawson , the hawkes boys and their wives honeysuckle rose and tupelo honey , crow jane , solomon , young daniel prescott , and a very much saddened chloe abyssinia cantrell .
wondered honeysuckle rose .
on the way down from new orleans , nathaniel hawkes and his wife , tupelo honey , and matthew and his wife , honeysuckle rose , had come up to me with a proposition : that they , in partnership with the reverend clawson , would take the belle of the golden west , herself , as the greater part of their share of the profits from the voyage , along with the rest of the whiskey and provisions on board .
good - bye , honeysuckle , tupelo , did n't we have some times , then ?
i could smell honeysuckle .
the scents of honeysuckle and lilacs drifted through the air .
she could smell the honeysuckle that grew in the woods that paralleled the barn , feel the early summer breeze , see the lightning bugs spatter - painting the dark sky .
moonlight reflected off of the still water and i could smell the chlorine on the breeze along with the honeysuckle on the side of the house .
diaphanous clouds drifted around us and the air smelled like heavenwisteria , jasmine , honeysuckle .
i ran a steaming bubble bath and willed it to be scented with honeysuckle .
the honeysuckle air between us was charged and i breathed in short pants as i waited .
her skin was soft and sweet and matched her honeysuckle - orange scent absolutely .
when she stood , her honeysuckle - orange scent drenched my senses and i nearly fell over mrs . kitt .
when the doors opened , the air spilling in from the outside tossed her hair about her face and carried that honeysuckle - orange scent rolling towards me .
it tasted of honeysuckle and citrus and it was intoxicating .
honeysuckle and orange swam through my head .
my lies smell like honeysuckle . ''
` ` a sweet honeysuckle honey dust with feather applicator ... ... that could be fun do n't you think ? ''
and then , without a word about it being spoken , the game was done , and the four of them went back to the picnic cloth , where the lunch dishes had been cleared away , and there were four bowls waiting for them , three of ice cream , one of honeysuckle flowers piled high .
` ` the pleasure is ours , coraline jones , '' said the winged girl , nibbling another honeysuckle blossom .
as i breathed in the thick honeysuckle and lavender perfume of the alabama summer , i could make out a few shapes .
she remembered that the air was laced with the scent of wild lilacs and early honeysuckle .
but now that he was so close , she smelled something else in all that mist and shadow : a scent sweet and ... gentle , a light perfume of lilacs and honeysuckle .
it was in his smell , one that said family ; that breathed safe in a sweet perfume of lilacs and honeysuckle ; that was the scent of her father , ghosting from the haunted attic of her mind : jump , sweetheart .
then everything clicked into place : that green medic 's pack , the lengths to which wolf had gone to save and protect her , his scent of lilacs and honeysuckle : safe and family .
the tired ford followed them to the restaurant and waited on the curb until the gray man and maura were seated at a table beneath a honeysuckle and christmas - light - covered trellis .
the high wooden fence , covered with messy honeysuckle , blocked out the lights from neighboring back porches , and the inscrutable canopy of the beech blocked the moonlight .
` ` you smell like honeysuckle , '' he told me , closing his eyes .
lilies , honeysuckle , jasmine , roses .
the falling blue lotus blossoms , the intricate arbors dripping with jasmine , honeysuckle and climbing wisteria , the sculpted gardens that stretched as far as i could see ... all of it blended together .
i imagined that the water smelled like honeysuckle and instantly the flowery scent surrounded me .
the heady scent was delicious , like nothing i had ever smelled before ... like a combination of peaches , roses , honeysuckle and jasmine .
she sat on her knees with her head bowed toward the honeysuckle and its voice was as soft as a feather falling on moss , but she heard it .
` ` the noisy crows , '' the honeysuckle whispered , and poppy smiled .
her skin smelled sweet , like honeysuckle and raspberry .
the rich blue softness of the sweater reminded her of the summer she had dove into the pond at kirkwood near her home smooth and sensual , the smell of honeysuckle thick in the air .
the cloyingly sweet smell of the honeysuckle seemed to linger in the air of the room .
after an hour of foraging and snacking in the dead leaves and twisted vines of lantana and honeysuckle , hailey found the pyramid of well stacked bricks .
answering her was a page that began to fill with soft and delicate words that rolled off her tongue like the spring scent of sweet honeysuckle .
animals chirped and rustled outside and the gentle breeze wafted the warm fragrant smells of magnolia and honeysuckle into the room .
he started to turn left at a small white gate nestled in a huge honeysuckle hedge .
this time , spyder turned in at the small gate in the honeysuckle .
around the yard were remnants of wire animal fences of various types , the links of the fences totally overwhelmed by the powerful tangle of green honeysuckle .
scared by the engine noise , a red winged blackbird flew up from one of the mounds of honeysuckle .
frank passed the green mounds of vines where honeysuckle swamped old fences , then moving along a tiny winding path which opened into the cleared area of the now destroyed marsh .
however , in the still untouched hedges where much of the wildlife still lived , masses of green richness were heavily overgrown and bent under many years of untrimmed growth of wild honeysuckle .
everpresent and treacherous wasps and hornets , their stings made ferocious from the stifling sunlight , buzzed on guard among the fragile blossoms of honeysuckle sugar .
they could see its roof above the hedges of honeysuckle , then flashes bouncing off the metal as it passed behind the boxwoods .
where frank could see beyond the masses of honeysuckle and brambles , he had quick glimpses of tassles waving in rich cornfields .
as the man moved into position , his legs became buried in the honeysuckle , his body twisting to maintain his balance against the vines .
they heard car horns on the road , beyond the honeysuckle .
as they got closer they could hear angry voices churning at each other from beyond the honeysuckle .
they stood behind the high mass of honeysuckle , unseen by the motorists .
chapter 13 over beyond the honeysuckle hedge , the traffic on the bridge was running freely .
jake slammed the old gate open and walked through , two birds flaring in the honeysuckle hedge as he did so .
finally the cat tore through the crowd toward the far hedge of honeysuckle and disappeared in the night .
frank stood with maggie at the edge of the honeysuckle hedge for a long time .
much of the honeysuckle had been torn out of the hedges by catching against the fenders of the fire trucks .
the broken vines were dying quickly in the morning sunlight but even with the dank odor of the wet burned wood of the house , there was still a faint smell of the sugar of the honeysuckle .
in front of it , two guards in the green terment jackets tried to stop the bus but jumped back out of the way as the truck ran into the marsh brush at the right of the lane , disappeared in the tall cattails and then reappeared at the far side of the excavation where it stopped against the honeysuckle hedge .
the people , black and white families from these churches , women , men , children , gathered in small groups in the site area and stood restlessly against the honeysuckle mass .
in a few minutes there were several hundred people assembled there , the yellows and whites of their clothes bright against the green honeysuckle vines .
the pastors crowd had grown considerably against the honeysuckle hedges .
in front of the massive honeysuckle hedges by the highway were the arrivals from the buses , the former members of general store who joined and mingled with the butterflies .
most of the honeysuckle hedge along the road had been taken down for the fencing .
then as it lifted again into the sunlight , the butterfly seemed to tip its wing to frank and maggie before it disappeared among the honeysuckle .
the same breeze that carried the smell burning wood from the fire pit and honeysuckles growing on the trellises below tony .
holding hands while a balmy breeze laced while the aromas of lilac and honeysuckle washed over them .
much of the underpinning supported a blanket of honeysuckle , virginia creeper , and poison ivy .
it seemed small holes in the roofs would open and close from time to time to filter in fresh smells from outdoors , always keeping their dwelling smelling of fragrant flowers and honeysuckle .
the honeysuckle clinging to the archway filled the air with sweet perfume .
a scent of honeysuckle reached his nostrils as she moved closer .
the uncultivated grasslands were flecked with flowers : dandelions and honeysuckle , daisies and buttercups .
in one of the arenas control booths , honeysuckle rode joels hand , pretending to pilot an aircraft , as he gave orders to the alumni .
my guards : watch , luck , honeysuckle , and rosebush hung on to his armor for dear - life .
while trying to climb into a bowl of good - n - cold milk , honeysuckle flipped the entire bowl onto herself .
lily and amy are on their way , and she 's bringing honeysuckle and rosebush !
marlynn went to meet rosebushs siblings , holy nukes groove , watch , luck , honeysuckle , lily , and demo in super groove world .
cried honeysuckle , with envy ?
he saw rosebush and honeysuckle sitting in bed with the princess .
then , rosebush sang to palixine and honeysuckle joined , the invisible speakers in their surround belt playing original melody .
the trail led through the endless field of flowers , which was secretively intertwined with woodbine vines , a wild form of honeysuckles .
my wife and i live in east texas the land of cottonwood and honeysuckle .
honeysuckle floated on the breeze and he stopped to breathe it in , letting the sweetness of the flower saturate his taste buds until a gray fox scampered from the bushes and stared with hesitant eyes , sniffing at the air .
some were too strong , causing her to cough and hastily replace the stoppers , but one reminded her of cherry blossom and the honeysuckle roses her mother grew ; this she worked through her hair , savouring the smell .
the scent of honeysuckle reached her once more , the freshness transporting her home ; the sun beat down as it had in the summers of her childhood .
a warm breeze carried the scent of honeysuckle and horse manure through yellow sunshine and fields of tall grass .
right between a honeysuckle and some reddish flowery vine thing i did n't know the name of i saw bobbi reclined in a hammock .
* * * i breathed in the scent of honeysuckle and pine that hung thick in the air .
wayden cleared his throat and read : ' me dearest honeysuckles , you be as beautiful as a dragon 's egg .
` ` me dearest honeysuckles , you be as beautiful as a dragon 's egg .
well , said tselig , pausing to sniff some honeysuckle , i guess it must have been perfectly good and appropriate for me to feel sad on those occasions .
you d have thousands of people , kissing your feet , honeysuckle , continued katekholimane , with a smiling , wide - eyed look into space that said , i am overwhelmed by the goodness of this inspiration !
` ` honeysuckle , '' kitto said .
` ` why do i smell honeysuckle as if summer has arrived and i am standing in the sun ?
he could smell her perfume from where he was standing , an intoxicating mixture of jasmine and honeysuckle , of sweet milk and female skin .
she could hear the buzzing sound of bees and the rustle of leaves in wind , and smell the honeysuckle carried on the wind .
the scents of honeysuckle and rain enter my senses .
although i 'd identified it with assured confidence , i was sure i 'd never smelt honeysuckle before this .
for a long time , all i can do is take tiny sips from my bottle and watch a beetle crawl up the side of a honeysuckle bush .
i drag myself over to the honeysuckle bush and pluck a flower .
as i had exactly one hiding spot - in the meadow under a honeysuckle bush - my father found me immediately .
i heard a rumor the honeysuckle land might join with katrice .
` ` honestly , i ' m not worried about this honeysuckle place .
` ` this is the honeysuckle land , '' he said , when the road led us to a hot , riotously colored landscape .
we crossed into the honeysuckle land again , which was typical of the otherworld .
we 'd emerged into the honeysuckle land and were suddenly surrounded by heat and color .
the pressure was suddenly gone , and the sweet smell of honeysuckle floated in through the open limo door .
ivy and honeysuckle were growing up the legs of the bed , red roses were sprouting from the caps of the little men , and from every direction huge lilies rose to her knees and waist , shooting out their yellow tongues at her .
laura took the conservatory in hand and made of it a splendid paradise , with giant weeping ficus encircling the smaller orange and lemon trees , while she brought flowering vines of all sorts - honeysuckle , jasmine , morning glory - to climb the iron - ribbed walls with the aid of delicate trellises .
and there was a scent coming from him ; it was , i do n't know , like honeysuckle and green things , and dust , but you know dust can be a clean smell , like in the first rain , when the dust rises . ''
in the old days , he 'd been told that the house was always covered in honeysuckle , and bougainvillea and ivy , and it would be once again .
she is standing in the open doorway , and for a moment the smell of outside reaches me : clover , mud , and mulch ; honeysuckle that must still be growing wild all over the yard .
here it was all bluebells and honeysuckle , climbing roses and birds chasing each other across the sky - a place where nothing bad could happen .
wildflowers lent fragrance to the air , iris and blooming honeysuckle .
following the bellhops , jessie and dinah walked past roses rambling over the balustrades of stone patios leading to the colonnaded portico , heavy with the scents of honeysuckle and jasmine .
clinging to the trees , long willowing vines were covered with small white flowers which smelled of honeysuckle .
as he stepped through the undergrowth , waving his arms through wild honeysuckle vines that had grown in his absence , he spotted emily wading through the creek , fishing for crawdads with a bit of pork fat tied on a string .
although the heat of the day was beginning to set in , he rested under a large magnolia tree , breathing in the aroma of the honeysuckle growing wildly along the road , and he looked across the open fields , green with growing cotton roots running deeply into the deep , rich soil , and he knew where he was rooted also .
standing in the empty room filled with the aroma of honeysuckle vines weaved in trellises on either side of him , he closed his eyes , imagining his bride and the room full of guests .
they saw the rose trellises , a border of honeysuckle shrubs , delphiniums , and sweet williams , a splattering of pastels like a monet garden painting with pinks , blues , white , and dashes of yellow and lavender .
the lagerstatte - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the lagerstatte 769 the 501 and 377 a 355 of 298 her 218 she 209 in 208 to 137 was 128 danni 109 it 103 i 95 s 87 with 81 you 80 his 75 at 72 on 71 t 70 that 65 as 61 from 59 he 55 merrill 55 into 50 for 50 said 48 had 45 were 43 d 43 like 40 an 38 they 36 virgil 32 what 32 by 32 green 31 there 30 dr 29 their 27 this 26 no 26 through 25 but 25 when 24 one 23 its 22 against 22 hand 21 or 21 up 21 eyes 20 me 20 if 20 so 20 over 20 made 20 not 19 all 18 norma 18 away 18 leslie 17 where 17 black 17 about 17 wasn 17 do 16 back 16 did 16 don 16 face 16 cigarette 15 we 15 hands 15 them 15 didn 15 been 15 before 14 who 14 him 14 more 14 be 14 too 14 got 14 off 14 home 14 are 14 door 13 keith 13 after 13 m 13 is 13 began 13 my 13 then 13 blood 13 around 12 get 12 went 12 apartment 12 nothing 12 have 12 oh 12 several 12 water 12 ned 12 between 12 lost 12 out 11 would 11 go 11 way 11 herself 11 left 11 some 11 know 11 how 11 time 11 down 11 took 10 arms 10 table 10 husband 10 hair 10 dark 10 little 10 came 10 much 10 only 10 come 10 lagerst 10 until 10 few 10 think 10 2006 10 open 10 blue 10 mouth 10 smoked 10 because 10 found 10 room 10 first 9 gone 9 your 9 any 9 good 9 stood 9 tte 9 fell 9 these 9 night 9 head 8 can 8 even 8 white 8 say 8 shadows 8 glass 8 why 8 hospital 8 man 8 closed 8 although 8 red 8 fingers 8 couldn 8 long 8 might 8 shadow 8 light 8 thought 8 looked 8 faces 8 friend 8 ve 8 small 8 anything 7 really 7 something 7 rolled 7 many 7 than 7 smoke 7 bone 7 look 7 wall 7 upon 7 another 7 now 7 knew 7 fugue 7 pressed 7 stared 7 second 7 ashtray 7 quite 7 here 7 though 7 day 7 while 7 take 7 brown 6 people 6 set 6 could 6 eventually 6 never 6 those 6 bed 6 just 6 kind 6 folder 6 again 6 course 6 other 6 world 6 walls 6 slowly 6 human 6 turned 6 place 6 market 6 police 6 men 6 lighted 6 old 6 during 6 life 6 every 6 couple 6 among 6 still 6 very 6 sat 6 secret 6 beneath 6 yes 6 called 6 across 6 amid 6 tried 5 ran 5 keep 5 behind 5 want 5 knife 5 right 5 plastic 5 near 5 cigarettes 5 past 5 under 5 our 5 group 5 living 5 woman 5 someone 5 sure 5 voice 5 last 5 toward 5 bus 5 august 5 shoulders 5 okay 5 wanted 5 leaned 5 windows 5 may 5 graveyard 5 best 5 teeth 5 tin 5 curtain 5 box 5 fine 5 watch 5 hell 5 city 5 clipboard 5 mostly 5 darkness 5 suits 5 feet 5 places 5 maybe 5 cold 5 closet 5 own 5 happened 5 opened 5 large 5 love 5 work 5 6 5 two 5 each 5 session 5 year 5 became 5 stopped 5 always 5 garden 5 re 5 locked 5 nearly 5 claimed 5 window 5 elephants 5 guilt 5 years 5 bought 5 saw 4 sheets 4 drunk 4 stone 4 better 4 ll 4 square 4 evening 4 building 4 expression 4 dragged 4 sleep 4 third 4 foreign 4 area 4 lips 4 terrace 4 months 4 metal 4 chair 4 narrow 4 nose 4 breasts 4 doctor 4 mommy 4 stuck 4 33 4 middle 4 regarded 4 kitchen 4 seemed 4 choice 4 bedroom 4 well 4 yeah 4 figure 4 being 4 hard 4 far 4 also 4 shot 4 l 4 son 4 has 4 days 4 shiny 4 ice 4 mean 4 brain 4 lights 4 bit 4 eye 4 things 4 curled 4 grief 4 business 4 important 4 wrapped 4 ants 4 car 4 below 4 pack 4 family 4 getting 4 removed 4 sense 4 leaves 4 half 4 double 4 trees 4 nice 4 steam 4 weeks 4 friends 4 yet 4 slid 4 women 4 since 4 done 4 shook 4 guy 4 coast 4 moving 4 familiar 4 corpses 4 dozen 4 low 4 see 4 glasses 4 brought 4 thing 4 live 3 taken 3 married 3 going 3 death 3 loaded 3 ear 3 breath 3 return 3 rocks 3 cracks 3 drugs 3 arrived 3 couch 3 profound 3 plucked 3 bad 3 edges 3 bottom 3 hot 3 bleeding 3 tiles 3 die 3 fire 3 conversations 3 simple 3 beach 3 god 3 orange 3 college 3 wheels 3 alone 3 alcohol 3 kept 3 iron 3 neck 3 end 3 particular 3 beautiful 3 smiled 3 definitely 3 friday 3 stumbled 3 pretty 3 voices 3 handles 3 flicked 3 welcome 3 most 3 shapes 3 sorts 3 confused 3 fixed 3 next 3 circle 3 company 3 palm 3 big 3 passing 3 liked 3 handed 3 clothes 3 music 3 inside 3 settled 3 kids 3 parents 3 petrified 3 soft 3 news 3 air 3 cops 3 baby 3 wires 3 number 3 waited 3 exhaled 3 coat 3 damp 3 baseball 3 barron 3 piled 3 mahan 3 such 3 dangerous 3 angry 3 apple 3 week 3 minutes 3 therapy 3 dried 3 crumbled 3 rail 3 gift 3 moved 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 play 3 shrugged 3 certain 3 bunch 3 alaska 3 jagged 3 occasionally 3 plane 3 waking 3 utterly 3 doors 3 fiction 3 does 3 everything 3 lunch 3 wiped 3 hours 3 deeper 3 mystery 3 lady 3 talk 3 bathroom 3 fork 3 morning 3 drive 3 somewhere 3 fist 3 isn 3 sky 3 arm 3 candy 3 ago 3 surface 3 dead 3 security 3 crawled 3 apartments 3 thick 3 run 3 please 3 everybody 3 rock 3 grand 3 memory 3 bones 3 memories 3 plate 3 record 3 feel 3 heart 3 legs 3 terror 3 whether 3 forever 3 three 3 horror 3 minor 3 smile 3 hidden 3 drowned 3 let 3 photos 3 breakfast 3 sweat 3 exactly 3 ring 3 deep 3 sun 3 summer 3 named 3 sent 3 spread 3 smelled 3 shower 3 beetle 3 body 3 drew 3 pocket 3 television 3 appeared 3 wooden 3 himself 3 within 3 led 3 tongue 3 wants 3 weird 3 pills 3 haven 3 walking 3 tour 3 shoulder 3 empty 3 dust 3 used 3 press 3 swallowed 3 believe 3 gloom 3 thirty 3 point 3 bulb 3 drank 3 staring 3 fantasy 3 held 3 circumstances 3 stepped 3 read 3 once 3 wore 3 floor 3 either 3 noticed 3 accident 3 yang 3 tell 3 supper 3 simply 3 gleaming 3 along 3 hips 3 jacket 3 reduced 2 dropped 2 gray 2 trust 2 fuck 2 seeing 2 cool 2 magazine 2 matter 2 growl 2 whom 2 fresh 2 attendant 2 serious 2 rose 2 already 2 heavily 2 position 2 disgust 2 yellow 2 real 2 poison 2 tooth 2 vanilla 2 chutes 2 drifted 2 both 2 shut 2 concrete 2 shelves 2 wet 2 existence 2 doing 2 pots 2 muscular 2 ashes 2 haunted 2 self 2 dad 2 character 2 rather 2 stuff 2 cute 2 late 2 foot 2 gas 2 doorway 2 pot 2 marriage 2 fix 2 sick 2 moss 2 four 2 starched 2 sea 2 smoking 2 expected 2 rib 2 silent 2 dresser 2 talking 2 act 2 planned 2 silhouette 2 cheek 2 withered 2 spurious 2 damned 2 purse 2 revulsion 2 wedding 2 seldom 2 picked 2 dirty 2 soaked 2 later 2 poured 2 understand 2 passed 2 introduced 2 inches 2 moments 2 brother 2 overheated 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 miss 2 laird 2 scarcely 2 9 2 butt 2 piece 2 sticky 2 sorry 2 margarita 2 corona 2 chest 2 growing 2 birthday 2 child 2 grown 2 onto 2 new 2 finger 2 screamed 2 lying 2 trembled 2 actually 2 occasional 2 weekends 2 pleasant 2 plaster 2 floors 2 warehouse 2 hoped 2 beat 2 pallid 2 ten 2 insides 2 information 2 flight 2 insisted 2 stayed 2 begged 2 rim 2 recall 2 sometimes 2 park 2 strong 2 meet 2 matches 2 state 2 slime 2 scar 2 fly 2 least 2 decided 2 cargo 2 tighter 2 identity 2 fascinating 2 crowd 2 everywhere 2 cheeks 2 fabric 2 recorder 2 simulacrum 2 certainly 2 carefully 2 else 2 suspect 2 somebody 2 exhausted 2 career 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 disappeared 2 salt 2 ritual 2 ant 2 ties 2 hallway 2 lit 2 glanced 2 investigator 2 except 2 sucked 2 forest 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 frosted 2 fill 2 laid 2 sex 2 frantic 2 warmth 2 office 2 possibilities 2 bolt 2 none 2 followed 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 meant 2 emergency 2 rough 2 vendors 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 makeup 2 lie 2 funeral 2 different 2 hers 2 remember 2 shard 2 suicide 2 sound 2 stranger 2 folded 2 mess 2 golden 2 throbbed 2 pink 2 papers 2 incomprehensible 2 scrambled 2 join 2 authentic 2 whippoorwill 2 packed 2 anonymous 2 shape 2 chuckled 2 current 2 forth 2 hadn 2 cry 2 apparent 2 filled 2 bottle 2 corners 2 boiled 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 medication 2 coarse 2 band 2 corpse 2 doesn 2 mentioned 2 masks 2 clouds 2 belly 2 returned 2 stay 2 perhaps 2 sudden 2 trying 2 major 2 thinks 2 elevator 2 matters 2 previous 2 studied 2 masonry 2 flesh 2 naked 2 nature 2 vomited 2 afternoon 2 front 2 barrel 2 professional 2 told 2 should 2 promised 2 seek 2 mention 2 interest 2 poor 2 sliced 2 known 2 visits 2 cessna 2 tapped 2 dementia 2 house 2 houses 2 earth 2 outside 2 slipped 2 eyeballs 2 difficult 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 girl 2 wharf 2 spun 2 itself 2 mattress 2 anyway 2 wrapping 2 inhaled 2 drink 2 stirred 2 painted 2 writing 2 fetal 2 rising 2 cramped 2 extended 2 contained 2 salmon 2 gestured 2 muted 2 honey 2 caught 2 according 2 reminded 2 twined 2 mistaken 2 cards 2 rubber 2 squash 2 moment 2 mirror 2 glenna 2 terrible 2 pushed 2 vineyards 2 lifted 2 spoke 2 clicking 2 brass 2 buzzed 2 visit 2 inhuman 2 seam 2 bitch 2 grieving 2 lounge 2 episodes 2 opaque 2 untouched 2 east 2 unmistakably 2 cheap 2 lived 2 currently 2 signs 2 aside 2 collection 2 legend 2 runyon 2 gathered 2 types 2 rested 2 burned 2 seems 2 smeared 2 chose 2 shivered 2 sliding 2 scant 2 whose 2 thinking 2 started 2 blouse 2 stories 2 landing 2 service 2 clipping 2 silence 2 cardboard 2 void 2 shaft 2 progress 2 identification 2 finished 2 fifth 2 close 2 block 2 however 2 bird 2 shots 2 filthy 2 foul 2 listed 2 skin 2 grim 2 tar 2 ephemeral 2 tight 2 hey 2 feels 2 stars 2 groaned 2 benches 2 curtains 2 strangers 2 recovered 2 suit 2 six 2 remembered 2 similar 2 whiskey 2 felt 2 same 2 license 2 loose 2 shade 2 vaguely 2 raised 2 book 2 put 2 wedged 2 trash 2 fake 2 reeked 2 piles 2 vineyard 2 beer 2 am 2 essentially 2 taking 2 children 2 problems 2 magazines 2 hole - in - the - wall 2 path 2 pulled 2 watched 2 scurrying 2 winery 2 echoed 2 dreams 2 tiny 2 says 2 knees 2 squirmed 2 pacific 2 sheila 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 moldering 2 slightly 2 mother 2 grandfather 2 shouts 2 steps 2 fashion 2 creepy 2 further 2 happily 2 laughed 2 fetish 2 institute 2 glowed 2 floating 2 sold 2 sunken 2 bostonian 2 cried 2 which 2 shaking 2 dread 2 color 2 instead 2 glow 2 shabby 2 pure 2 dozed 2 fifty 2 mold 2 school 2 bobby 2 wings 2 rubble 2 killed 2 tracking 2 scattered 2 technician 2 apparition 2 heavy 2 ghostly 2 cupped 2 walked 2 agreed 2 lovely 2 closer 2 leave 2 street 2 shirt 2 enough 2 name 2 loyal 2 stomach 2 cream 2 painkillers 2 shop 2 flirted 2 shake 2 drop 2 hugged 2 kirkston 2 ghosts 2 remained 2 tepid 2 fountain 2 times 2 soul 2 checked 2 high 2 scene 1 descended 1 yelled 1 voluptuous 1 swiveled 1 agitation 1 belonged 1 twenty 1 cylinder 1 trendy 1 motionless 1 interview 1 riptides 1 bay 1 gloves 1 artistic 1 jackhammers 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 skeins 1 wealthy 1 screws 1 address 1 mimicking 1 tenderness 1 injected 1 adrenal 1 favorite 1 naturalist 1 fiercely 1 hats 1 swarm 1 initials 1 wizened 1 museums 1 resonates 1 conducting 1 giving 1 slung 1 staircase 1 well - meaning 1 muck 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 finality 1 grapes 1 importance 1 miserable 1 goddamned 1 eminently 1 lift 1 depths 1 sink 1 quasi - strangers 1 tranquilizers 1 hear 1 truck 1 blandly 1 banging 1 show 1 abiding 1 kingwood 1 immediately 1 cooked 1 gather 1 robe 1 repeating 1 storeroom 1 commiserated 1 final 1 anymore 1 surprise 1 sulked 1 excess 1 la 1 sci 1 thanked 1 shitty 1 fumes 1 antennas 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 tap 1 slabs 1 latter 1 doc 1 flash 1 drafting 1 embraced 1 affiliation 1 taffy 1 rent 1 holding 1 drain 1 hissed 1 professionally 1 smudge 1 soundless 1 fainting 1 pearl 1 happy 1 trauma 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 milk 1 dipped 1 grad 1 pulse 1 partner 1 gedding 1 seconds 1 cartons 1 dissolved 1 teach 1 radiated 1 obvious 1 smacked 1 remedies 1 stained 1 1960s 1 met 1 novellas 1 sicilian 1 missed 1 fidelity 1 referred 1 polite 1 sashes 1 detached 1 research 1 carpeted 1 brow 1 surgically 1 sight 1 religion 1 scourged 1 perfect 1 icy 1 quantities 1 flew 1 two - hour 1 neil 1 sparsely 1 lectured 1 blocked 1 offered 1 jumble 1 thurman 1 located 1 abruptly 1 pass 1 hybrid 1 seamless 1 eating 1 squinted 1 sobbing 1 nasty 1 habits 1 relief 1 lamb 1 draping 1 funk 1 excitement 1 munitions 1 telescoped 1 insistence 1 mumble 1 burrows 1 brilliant 1 reflections 1 coroner 1 boats 1 checks 1 sorted 1 emperor 1 deutsch 1 geological 1 dismay 1 boy 1 folks 1 carolina 1 faithless 1 spasms 1 zigzags 1 thunder 1 vapors 1 pigeon 1 shock 1 interstices 1 planning 1 spray 1 blur 1 clasping 1 academic 1 soiling 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 mortar 1 horrible 1 beams 1 honeymoon 1 decker 1 restaurant 1 enter 1 closely 1 scrub 1 age 1 cure 1 sock 1 downward 1 luncheon 1 draft 1 inn 1 distorted 1 windsurfers 1 eight - week 1 feigned 1 adversary 1 fried 1 key 1 comets 1 plan 1 shudder 1 magnificent 1 shale 1 replaced 1 usual 1 reversing 1 heavy - duty 1 hasty 1 sheet 1 today 1 hmm 1 sport 1 charming 1 insectoid 1 2 1 fang 1 champeen 1 card 1 poised 1 creepers 1 sinking 1 shambled 1 hitching 1 cotton 1 selective 1 attend 1 dawn 1 prisoner 1 grits 1 primordial 1 meat 1 hungry 1 omission 1 experience 1 entire 1 escapes 1 mixing 1 squad 1 brochure 1 fitzwater 1 decayed 1 doubted 1 luck 1 thousand - dollar 1 checkering 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 lows 1 melodramatic 1 dream 1 humid 1 frantically 1 invoked 1 clawing 1 leading 1 din 1 pathological 1 nosebleed 1 cliff 1 beekeeper 1 trapped 1 action 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 fat 1 coffee 1 ever - scrabbling 1 swimming 1 bare 1 murmured 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 tenderloin 1 gravity 1 elderly 1 wearing 1 flashes 1 tai 1 turning 1 proprietary 1 throw 1 exact 1 fiber 1 objections 1 supreme 1 watching 1 escorted 1 commentary 1 half - digested 1 wrong 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 calculi 1 entomologist 1 dry - cleaning 1 remaining 1 spilled 1 german 1 software 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 fast 1 tweed 1 gate 1 ripped 1 carrion 1 match 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 southern 1 riding 1 shopping 1 angular 1 conservative 1 bloody 1 prickle 1 ymca 1 purchase 1 running 1 phantom 1 boggy 1 tended 1 gulf 1 beacons 1 swept 1 gully 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 lackluster 1 tasting 1 beyond 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 bone - white 1 grasped 1 original 1 increase 1 speedy 1 outdoor 1 craved 1 brick 1 masque 1 stiff 1 pit 1 aching 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 tragically 1 tuning 1 literary 1 wandered 1 rooftop 1 possible 1 suicides 1 grocery 1 buttocks 1 trail 1 turn 1 export 1 split 1 chicken 1 jack 1 gave 1 anxiety 1 kerosene 1 steins 1 guides 1 hosted 1 shit 1 bug 1 kicked 1 letters 1 features 1 squeal 1 entryway 1 arachnids 1 button 1 drumbeat 1 sweetie 1 regained 1 move 1 mouths 1 peas 1 centipedes 1 determined 1 overly 1 hasn 1 yep 1 buildings 1 trajectory 1 zinfandel 1 radio 1 stab 1 decrepit 1 coil 1 ocean 1 urine 1 dropping 1 soon 1 records 1 origin 1 transplanted 1 reach 1 bowls 1 reliable 1 great 1 pilot 1 noticing 1 discern 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 without 1 pictures 1 department 1 chapter 1 fragmented 1 fine - arts 1 brightened 1 surgeon 1 perennial 1 admonishment 1 intelligible 1 burgess 1 dry - ice 1 cork 1 morbidly 1 11 1 continued 1 tide 1 suspected 1 landfill 1 grates 1 zero 1 usurped 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 ankle 1 resides 1 tense 1 footage 1 sunbeam 1 dank 1 stud 1 abridging 1 copy 1 bumpy 1 order 1 following 1 parasol 1 fed 1 succession 1 dents 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wavered 1 leech 1 cognizant 1 confession 1 brand - new 1 angles 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 tray 1 interested 1 nursed 1 slumped 1 condensed 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 span 1 victims 1 eternal 1 takes 1 amateur 1 parody 1 subtly 1 unfolded 1 whole 1 screwy 1 thud 1 steep 1 doped 1 entirely 1 buckle 1 boardwalk 1 jersey 1 flung 1 composed 1 vital 1 respectively 1 needed 1 badge 1 crosstown 1 innocent 1 sugar 1 rattled 1 rainy - day 1 incidents 1 experienced 1 messy 1 repulsively 1 characters 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 wide 1 teased 1 rasp 1 delusional 1 pastel 1 dye 1 seated 1 couples 1 sanatorium 1 actual 1 horribly 1 begins 1 special 1 packing 1 ultimately 1 father 1 crept 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 flailing 1 alignment 1 choking 1 palms 1 anyone 1 gin 1 containers 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 awful 1 traveling 1 dew 1 eight 1 tablecloth 1 forward 1 stalagmites 1 acquired 1 stung 1 tourniquet 1 swirled 1 madness 1 exemplary 1 colleagues 1 tilted 1 velvet 1 sake 1 standby 1 rubbery 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 mini 1 knee - deep 1 sedatives 1 chattered 1 deluge 1 ceiling 1 report 1 fuzzy 1 submerged 1 class 1 destabilize 1 roof 1 passenger 1 vowing 1 bustled 1 freewheeling 1 desert 1 migration 1 stop 1 waist 1 nomads 1 wallet 1 hat 1 snarl 1 topple 1 blizzard 1 bulled 1 ducked 1 gravitation 1 village 1 soup 1 punctured 1 shanty 1 paints 1 yawned 1 phase 1 amniotic 1 neither 1 explained 1 survived 1 part 1 rescue 1 beds 1 fact 1 shifted 1 drug 1 knows 1 yelped 1 plates 1 archway 1 canteen - like 1 gates 1 noisy 1 hooked 1 cedar 1 absolutely 1 imposter 1 blind 1 patches 1 moaned 1 ached 1 despairing 1 treatises 1 firing 1 avaricious 1 balanced 1 forests 1 nuzzle 1 late - dinner 1 humor 1 weekly 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 intention 1 west 1 traced 1 fishing 1 museum 1 cleared 1 axis 1 probably 1 sand 1 rode 1 indifference 1 rub 1 heard 1 tobacco 1 flat 1 elbow 1 reordering 1 fixated 1 senior 1 freestanding 1 akin 1 chatted 1 madly 1 plaintive 1 littering 1 degrees 1 depending 1 tremors 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bolton 1 insects 1 wastes 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 tucked 1 creaked 1 skull 1 unfortunately 1 paper 1 drool 1 lecture 1 caramel 1 uniform 1 notes 1 tten 1 self - destruction 1 almost 1 streetlights 1 lately 1 duty 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 died 1 washed 1 twelve 1 frightened 1 cast 1 fluorescent 1 phosphorus 1 hit 1 recognizable 1 science 1 assailant 1 coke - blacked 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 melanomas 1 burning 1 flying 1 worry 1 ngers 1 odor 1 tip 1 hanging 1 departed 1 movies 1 guidebook 1 grew 1 coyly 1 chewed 1 adults 1 galvanized 1 helplessness 1 calcified 1 somehow 1 mist 1 tuberculosis 1 barren 1 lush 1 slosh 1 receptionist 1 cairns 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 wax 1 squeezed 1 slam 1 ripeness 1 location 1 glacier 1 playing 1 window - shopping 1 tomorrow 1 bury 1 hiding 1 busy 1 souls 1 focus 1 aspect 1 strings 1 well - deserved 1 resources 1 frightening 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 discuss 1 sighed 1 addict 1 plank 1 positive 1 planter 1 phantoms 1 steady 1 infant 1 ordered 1 jittering 1 unrecognizable 1 rails 1 stamped 1 intense 1 shift 1 desiccated 1 buttons 1 egyptian 1 buzzing 1 exercises 1 import 1 alley 1 blue - black 1 studying 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 fond 1 jaw 1 pits 1 carpet 1 lengthening 1 miracles 1 lowering 1 frighten 1 reef 1 twitching 1 shone 1 bins 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 shearing 1 internal 1 longing 1 drawled 1 becomes 1 marsh 1 cityscape 1 posh 1 numerals 1 components 1 ridges 1 scratching 1 shattered 1 ambulance 1 blurred 1 intimate 1 gun 1 hurt 1 quartz 1 ash 1 thudded 1 university 1 quit 1 friendly 1 tendrils 1 masses 1 spilling 1 warehouses 1 nobody 1 northwest 1 corroded 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 lye 1 earthiness 1 boycott 1 straps 1 harangues 1 powerful 1 manner 1 finer 1 advertising 1 salary 1 closed - circuit 1 acres 1 tediousness 1 tavern 1 write 1 culture 1 cured 1 commercial 1 guide 1 genetic 1 smug 1 washington 1 speakers 1 worse 1 blouses 1 crazy 1 dishes 1 broken 1 mad 1 reports 1 encased 1 adjustments 1 descent 1 holes 1 self - disgust 1 silhouetted 1 doused 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 row 1 compacted 1 stacked 1 honk 1 cab 1 tails 1 concussion 1 filmy 1 willow 1 upside 1 bordering 1 approaching 1 brighter 1 genesis 1 depressing 1 excursion 1 blearily 1 sank 1 insurance 1 pitchy 1 disorder 1 moldy 1 early 1 breach 1 maniacal 1 snapshots 1 sluicing 1 road 1 additionally 1 form 1 traveled 1 give 1 prick 1 murk 1 raptly 1 complementary 1 throng 1 amnesia 1 subdued 1 equilibrium 1 subconscious 1 vanished 1 scare 1 scanned 1 fibrous 1 various 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 persuasive 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 flour 1 elucidate 1 pitifully 1 battalion 1 booths 1 astral 1 lurched 1 possibly 1 decorated 1 pact 1 hid 1 nightcaps 1 suckled 1 copper 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 cod 1 presently 1 drawl 1 hall 1 planes 1 diamond 1 depression 1 trained 1 surreal 1 squelched 1 dressing 1 blocks 1 limbo 1 wryly 1 widow 1 veins 1 undergrowth 1 turkish 1 hesitated 1 photographers 1 manhattans 1 casual 1 glare 1 walk 1 reintegrate 1 fingernails 1 rocked 1 graveyards 1 notched 1 flickering 1 summed 1 crimson 1 toppled 1 managed 1 disreputable 1 summoned 1 commune 1 wrecked 1 kindly 1 proved 1 identical 1 stern 1 presume 1 distancing 1 sockets 1 intermittently 1 laughingly 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 indoor 1 rot 1 question 1 stagnant 1 carried 1 required 1 lusterless 1 mannerisms 1 admit 1 animals 1 bled 1 nightclubs 1 sweater 1 related 1 scents 1 boulevard 1 reaching 1 loafers 1 fallen 1 gaunt 1 overcast 1 sashimi 1 pub 1 albeit 1 anger 1 improving 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 desultory 1 green - black 1 galleries 1 paw 1 camp 1 picnic 1 blade 1 fund 1 fear 1 especially 1 cut 1 evidence 1 haphazard 1 rush 1 easy 1 bohemian 1 streaking 1 europe 1 1970s 1 rustic 1 preoccupations 1 broom 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 projects 1 listless 1 girlie 1 ruined 1 copses 1 skulls 1 tingle 1 peers 1 furnaces 1 giants 1 tequila 1 dinosaur 1 sap 1 castrato 1 evaporated 1 jackets 1 pain 1 overwhelmed 1 drooping 1 lenses 1 martyr 1 rows 1 badly 1 suffocation 1 edge 1 poetry 1 ancient 1 ruby 1 comfortable 1 scent 1 catch 1 north 1 pane 1 recollection 1 corroding 1 groin 1 clerk 1 hiroshima 1 gaps 1 fingertips 1 staccato 1 trillions 1 christ 1 illumination 1 abyss 1 instantly 1 dripping 1 bruising 1 chinese 1 jewelry 1 geometry 1 in - laws 1 bulged 1 exhaust 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 complex 1 flies 1 keychain 1 dirt 1 feng 1 phone 1 mouthful 1 sickness 1 housing 1 partners 1 visceral 1 imitation 1 convincing 1 burnt 1 hurl 1 element 1 auction 1 plainclothes 1 giddily 1 sacks 1 watering 1 reprinted 1 hotel 1 lapsed 1 meter 1 smoldered 1 slash 1 winked 1 expat 1 self - help 1 smokestack 1 rid 1 drooled 1 throat 1 penthouse 1 contributed 1 words 1 seducing 1 use 1 depressives 1 alongside 1 stubs 1 despite 1 shallow 1 white - rimmed 1 arrayed 1 mattered 1 nameless 1 collarbone 1 maker 1 lamp 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 porch 1 confidence 1 tenacity 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 events 1 rusty 1 near - death 1 thrust 1 expressionless 1 black - magic 1 threatened 1 essential 1 march 1 mistaking 1 safe 1 fellow 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 notion 1 established 1 whisper 1 spent 1 hoarse 1 nodded 1 wrinkles 1 dresses 1 sox 1 softly 1 partying 1 curiosity 1 onset 1 efficiency 1 aging 1 survivor 1 rift 1 complicit 1 weren 1 effect 1 silvery 1 organs 1 off - tempo 1 betraying 1 liquored 1 greasy 1 backs 1 piano 1 kiss 1 rooftops 1 lay 1 guarded 1 entrance 1 cycled 1 bullshit 1 bumped 1 react 1 adjoining 1 issues 1 wholly 1 gasoline 1 forget 1 merge 1 disembodied 1 tugged 1 consciousness 1 drifting 1 noise 1 cruel 1 cope 1 wobbly 1 mother - in - law 1 recommend 1 learned 1 migrate 1 modest 1 scum 1 stumbling 1 rags 1 flapping 1 charges 1 brea 1 slack 1 seams 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 carrots 1 choked 1 elbows 1 curses 1 breast 1 grasp 1 birds 1 placed 1 tissues 1 urban 1 resonance 1 girth 1 upright 1 sulfurous 1 knitted 1 warped 1 worked 1 lonely 1 smirked 1 ended 1 classy 1 flooded 1 situation 1 note 1 jungle 1 winos 1 stretch 1 cord 1 breaths 1 swam 1 tub 1 south 1 disillusionment 1 top 1 flanked 1 morose 1 mosquito 1 tusks 1 prayer 1 china 1 door - to - door 1 swooned 1 precipice 1 airliner 1 umbilical 1 bobbing 1 clipped 1 contact 1 famous 1 cloaked 1 gym 1 collapse 1 semiconscious 1 clanking 1 artist 1 exoticus 1 snagged 1 trickled 1 spider 1 bar 1 bathtub 1 wrenched 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 propeller 1 hey - hey 1 hide 1 smiling 1 tea 1 answered 1 causeway 1 sensibilities 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 clinical 1 thighs 1 drums 1 pour 1 huskies 1 build 1 forensics 1 mailbox 1 butterfly 1 descending 1 driftwood 1 consumes 1 masochistic 1 staples 1 backyard 1 stroked 1 deader 1 hieroglyphics 1 stare 1 bouffant 1 ceramic 1 scuffled 1 person 1 shell 1 reporting 1 jazz 1 symmetry 1 wrinkled 1 whirring 1 hated 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 line 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 helpful 1 ankles 1 bower 1 olympia 1 clich 1 stated 1 euphoria 1 jigsaw 1 piebald 1 detail 1 automatically 1 inhabitants 1 girders 1 giant 1 need 1 umbra 1 thankfully 1 cherubs 1 zippo 1 graphic 1 pennants 1 process 1 tributaries 1 young 1 assiduously 1 senseless 1 froze 1 working 1 packages 1 mom 1 rotted 1 print 1 program 1 reception 1 substance 1 inexorably 1 tears 1 ineluctable 1 humanity 1 patted 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 nimbus 1 snarling 1 iridescent 1 ecosystem 1 development 1 mine 1 support 1 sackcloth 1 swell 1 including 1 encyclopedias 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 rawboned 1 bureau 1 portion 1 multiplied 1 porcelain 1 pants 1 pussy 1 stain 1 shrimp 1 wrote 1 volunteer 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 negative 1 wavering 1 wood 1 goddamn 1 bread 1 frozen 1 encountered 1 shaped 1 pointless 1 speak 1 tallow 1 grade 1 temporary 1 equally 1 methods 1 cape 1 accusing 1 layers 1 recently 1 sheltering 1 radiology 1 squeaking 1 lover 1 warned 1 waving 1 whispered 1 faint 1 sweet - and - sour 1 sagging 1 strenuous 1 call 1 ticket 1 punched 1 terra - cotta 1 chipped 1 coastline 1 squawking 1 dented 1 aftershave 1 items 1 crooned 1 admitting 1 steel 1 dispersed 1 gasping 1 unison 1 pavilion 1 whimpered 1 details 1 stint 1 neutral 1 volunteered 1 argument 1 childhood 1 mask 1 wheelchair 1 rogers 1 attributed 1 dog 1 twelve - step 1 easily 1 shared 1 defunct 1 comes 1 ears 1 last - minute 1 pooled 1 midday 1 war 1 glaciated 1 seaweed 1 fairly 1 pig 1 embrace 1 poignantly 1 kaleidoscope 1 atlantic 1 climbed 1 whatever 1 playback 1 unseemly 1 beast 1 fingertip 1 clinic 1 serial 1 rippled 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 penitentiary 1 options 1 weary 1 predicted 1 joint 1 helping 1 canceled 1 satisfied 1 misshapen 1 aura 1 whore 1 bowl 1 pitted 1 distaste 1 heaps 1 glares 1 pumped 1 avalanche 1 upward 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 fizzed 1 drained 1 sorrow 1 cage 1 corruption 1 meal 1 date 1 marble 1 forceps 1 subject 1 palace 1 inward 1 slop 1 solitary 1 month 1 uncertain 1 chi 1 float 1 beloved 1 guardianship 1 enrolled 1 bathrobes 1 model 1 static 1 desserts 1 nihilistic 1 dopey 1 tightened 1 lasted 1 avenue 1 spotted 1 streamers 1 undulating 1 consummate 1 brand 1 care 1 facedown 1 jostling 1 floundered 1 rank 1 slow 1 soil 1 ignore 1 yanked 1 redhead 1 map 1 inner 1 cheery 1 shuttered 1 dreamed 1 study 1 balsa 1 faintly 1 sooner 1 underfoot 1 shirts 1 dull 1 artifacts 1 zucchini 1 case 1 predator 1 proper 1 licking 1 devotion 1 spongy 1 slight 1 smog 1 reevaluation 1 observation 1 whiff 1 paunchy 1 haze 1 shoe 1 facing 1 pamphlet 1 mass 1 primal 1 tunnels 1 rhythm 1 creosote 1 reputation 1 lighter 1 transitory 1 together 1 battered 1 animal 1 continuous 1 puddle 1 observant 1 suburbs 1 changing 1 normal 1 photo 1 circles 1 technical 1 extra 1 humdrum 1 touched 1 associates 1 rope 1 hinges 1 grubby 1 yards 1 continent 1 cages 1 english 1 beads 1 station 1 crutch 1 art 1 linen 1 wound 1 licked 1 buckets 1 grin 1 protective 1 unutterably 1 understood 1 citizens 1 competing 1 lacerations 1 engendered 1 shame 1 thoughts 1 remnants 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 patterned 1 mon 1 reservoir 1 hugging 1 rearview 1 shirttails 1 oil 1 crystals 1 waved 1 deceased 1 slim 1 fucking 1 joyless 1 farm 1 touristy 1 pals 1 powerfully 1 remains 1 quitting 1 self - esteem 1 delusion 1 decent 1 strap 1 provided 1 refrained 1 prescription 1 relatively 1 belt 1 lawyers 1 attempt 1 cadence 1 lawyer 1 deformation 1 built 1 bulk 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 clenched 1 spine 1 housemate 1 scrabbled 1 credit 1 complemented 1 force 1 breeze 1 measure 1 become 1 waffles 1 botched 1 central 1 presentation 1 shadowbox 1 history 1 fit 1 elements 1 observing 1 grumbled 1 trains 1 careful 1 wipers 1 straight - edge 1 rest 1 swaying 1 pitched 1 texture 1 lifelike 1 hazard 1 streamed 1 flutes 1 swing 1 pretended 1 contusions 1 driver 1 radiance 1 flashlights 1 sing 1 kite 1 mouthed 1 torn - up 1 geraniums 1 niagara 1 photographic 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 enclosure 1 juice 1 2005 1 talked 1 searchers 1 claustrophobia 1 fixtures 1 fuselage 1 splinter 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 skyline 1 demarcation 1 bound 1 petals 1 uncle 1 crosswalk 1 zeal 1 paleontologists 1 leg 1 october 1 eroticus 1 thrashed 1 bowels 1 mist - slick 1 recruited 1 algae 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 ineffable 1 sell 1 miles 1 images 1 swirling 1 shrill 1 ways 1 emerged 1 escaping 1 sprung 1 napkin 1 blue - and - white - pin - striped 1 uprooted 1 muster 1 thrillers 1 barbados 1 leaden 1 wisdom 1 thanks 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 shakes 1 count 1 dumb 1 wish 1 court 1 shredded 1 milled 1 lovers 1 sleeve 1 reeled 1 weight 1 alacrity 1 executives 1 headshot 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 pieces 1 carton 1 collapses 1 bars 1 keys 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 doubt 1 mother - hen 1 qualify 1 hip - shot 1 cali 1 mythology 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 crushed 1 brief 1 find 1 nausea 1 kid 1 noodles 1 gallery 1 barbecue 1 embarrassment 1 paris 1 harpo 1 yellowed 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 drily 1 convex 1 soap 1 moist 1 stride 1 resounds 1 battened 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 thousand 1 possession 1 private 1 tonight 1 pearly 1 nurture 1 wind 1 knocked 1 medicines 1 will 1 maternal 1 migrated 1 provoked 1 monastery 1 look - alikes 1 magnet 1 seeped 1 rain 1 mid-1990s 1 coalesced 1 doppelg 1 picks 1 foyer 1 crayon 1 vertical 1 mythos 1 disorientation 1 nonetheless 1 armani 1 status 1 problem 1 blotches 1 slouched 1 signed 1 walker 1 shrine 1 dry 1 stairs 1 timber 1 dilated 1 blond 1 missionary 1 theater 1 overhead 1 traffic 1 miniature 1 partition 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 wannabe 1 teak 1 blurry 1 livid 1 journal 1 beaten 1 blanket 1 sheen 1 neurotics 1 slick 1 too - dark 1 cries 1 impenetrable 1 pitch 1 drift 1 wards 1 converted 1 freshly 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 pricked 1 reserved 1 canal 1 tired 1 clogged 1 pitcher 1 waxed 1 escapades 1 pardon 1 lunatic 1 meticulously 1 fossils 1 frequent 1 haunting 1 quality 1 extreme 1 impulses 1 food 1 vacation 1 intensity 1 raw 1 vision 1 squashed 1 warps 1 cloth 1 bits 1 bright 1 worms 1 asleep 1 precise 1 hemp 1 backdrop 1 believed 1 rich 1 detested 1 gush 1 factory 1 bags 1 timing 1 hour 1 paranoid 1 tracks 1 intently 1 beets 1 millstone 1 carving 1 president 1 droplets 1 nude 1 mount 1 overrun 1 sopping 1 bar - hopping 1 crawl 1 kamikaze 1 popcorn 1 born 1 eaten 1 clay 1 mope 1 aspects 1 weeklong 1 royal 1 ass 1 given 1 incarnations 1 coagulate 1 congo 1 recoiled 1 broke 1 chain 1 rack 1 charnel 1 pantry 1 symphonies 1 chattering 1 mummified 1 admittedly 1 insect 1 feed 1 space 1 lives 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 asian 1 miffed 1 nap 1 trilobites 1 territory 1 passage 1 gurgled 1 stripped 1 asserted 1 clinked 1 radioactivity 1 rooflines 1 female 1 clove 1 incident 1 decorative 1 flinched 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 surf 1 urge 1 grammar 1 dose 1 visited 1 kill 1 collar 1 tether 1 silk 1 chaos 1 haggard 1 honeysuckle 1 rounds 1 centered 1 manic 1 waist - high 1 convulsed 1 piccolo 1 allusive 1 ladders 1 outnumber 1 eastern 1 tassels 1 patiently 1 diaphragm 1 cameras 1 lulled 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 reflected 1 england 1 needle 1 scientist 1 lobster 1 echo 1 style 1 vines 1 hole 1 yuppie 1 darkly 1 herbal 1 behemoths 1 swung 1 ever 1 cinders 1 crannies 1 sunless 1 upper 1 backward 1 creak 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 pretending 1 scheduled 1 twigs 1 tie - dye 1 bleach 1 vise 1 childlike 1 tidying 1 supposedly 1 moth 1 twenty - six 1 rented 1 stalls 1 gritted 1 alive 1 integral 1 species 1 suffered 1 dirges 1 latent 1 crash 1 concluded 1 expeditions 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 stream 1 gritty 1 bleak 1 recessed 1 thread 1 slathered 1 chirped 1 myself 1 2004 1 pliant 1 parted 1 response 1 track 1 trip 1 clairs 1 stony 1 dizziness 1 fodder 1 depends 1 heap 1 nepalese 1 oily 1 pale 1 native 1 scoured 1 fillings 1 perfumed 1 attended 1 bored 1 covered 1 coupled 1 10 1 train 1 perfectly 1 asked 1 uncomely 1 scalp 1 recalled 1 compensatory 1 newspapers 1 chinatown 1 terrors 1 historically 1 bistros 1 doom 1 craned 1 corner 1 dimpled 1 confided 1 cake 1 cluster 1 concentrate 1 gnawing 1 balconies 1 jogged 1 windup 1 creeping 1 blithely 1 originally 1 visor 1 hoary 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 true 1 unpleasant 1 nonthreatening 1 loosely 1 ground 1 reached 1 lab 1 exists 1 slots 1 capsized 1 tracked 1 skeletons 1 four - seater 1 furnished 1 socials 1 vegetables 1 explore 1 mollified 1 quickly 1 pique 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 afterward 1 accept 1 impersonators 1 marrying 1 host 1 splayed 1 anywhere 1 scratched 1 irish 1 darkened 1 solid 1 undergrad 1 posted 1 colony 1 apron 1 riverbeds 1 windowsill 1 riven 1 delores 1 grove 1 confessed 1 newspaper 1 cpa 1 realize 1 endure 1 spy 1 cocktails 1 associate 1 harmonicas 1 bubbles 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 looming 1 bibles 1 protested 1 asylum 1 brushed 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 uniforms 1 star - crossed 1 wing 1 machine 1 humidity 1 enigma 1 foamed 1 forehead 1 preoccupied 1 loop 1 custodians 1 hoisted 1 twin 1 functions 1 pull 1 monkey 1 weakly 1 copiously 1 divide 1 briefly 1 speculation 1 contemplation 1 pipes 1 stitches 1 association 1 bubbled 1 miner 1 irrevocably 1 fidget 1 shui 1 fancy 1 mindless 1 vase 1 gamely 1 exposed 1 creased 1 former 1 vice 1 ask 1 c 1 masse 1 raked 1 sharper 1 appearing 1 delving 1 pictured 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 devolved 1 tarnished 1 patchwork 1 tarantula 1 herd 1 refrigerator 1 railroad 1 headlights 1 dragonhead 1 truncated 1 dingy 1 freudian 1 ivory 1 knives 1 minute 1 neon - washed 1 impossible 1 trophies 1 quo 1 elegant 1 bullet 1 books 1 transfer 1 resting 1 ossified 1 suffer 1 finally 1 try 1 bird - watchers 1 spoken 1 buckles 1 circled 1 cave 1 kenny 1 surrounded 1 courage 1 highs 1 karaoke 1 films 1 botticelli 1 masterpieces 1 diffidence 1 sunburn 1 proverbial 1 peace 1 drove 1 cold - water 1 gauze 1 dome 1 ninety - six 1 ate 1 johnnie 1 flare 1 manila 1 version 1 wept 1 throughout 1 gradually 1 spinning 1 all - night 1 quiet 1 five 1 light - years 1 cavernous 1 senses 1 art - junkie 1 gently 1 adult 1 promptly 1 compete 1 glance 1 seem 1 epileptic 1 falls 1 stage 1 massive 1 editor 1 setup 1 side 1 gargoyles 1 scrawls 1 spines 1 town 1 raucous 1 cloud 1 blank 1 thrum 1 social 1 gotten 1 en 1 helped 1 opens 1 vibrating 1 blacked 1 bees 1 homes 1 acid 1 translucent 1 short 1 gold 1 unwittingly 1 unlike 1 fraud 1 loneliness 1 paid 1 melt 1 resultant 1 beers 1 noodle 1 convertible 1 gazette 1 instant 1 favored 1 carry 1 bloodshot 1 contorted 1 bitterness 1 sleeping 1 buried 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 certainty 1 dealing 1 naming 1 humans 1 traces 1 oozed 1 eighteen 1 dimmed 1 philosophy 1 origins 1 stacks 1 claims 1 achingly 1 imploded 1 works 1 huh 1 hash - slinger 1 momentarily 1 jerked 1 us 1 calves 1 stinking 1 crossed 1 peaceful 1 houseguest 1 avoided 1 divorces 1 perusing 1 mark 1 dour 1 touching 1 marriages 1 revolver 1 floorboards 1 transmitter 1 stupid 1 unwind 1 severe 1 party 1 shamble 1 workers 1 slithered 1 community 1 frowned 1 afterbirth 1 feared 1 execs 1 thomas 1 bouts 1 keyhole 931 .
it was a bush a huge one that had broken his fall ; a honeysuckle or forsythia , he guessed , that had saved his life .
the fence had long since been overtaken by honeysuckle and poison ivy , and the driver , a woman , had to push hard against the ramshackle gate ( to little effect ) against the wall of weeds that had grown through the broken asphalt .
can you smell the honeysuckle ?
wind chimes hung from a weeping willow tree and the air was honeysuckle drenched .
honeysuckle blossoms sent their perfume into the early morning air .
i breathed in the early evening air , pungent with the scent of the roses and summer honeysuckle .
he was breathtaking to look at , his skin so detailed i could almost make out a faint stubble on his cheek and all about him clung the faint scent of the outdoors , tinged with a slight aroma of honeysuckle .
i could smell the scent of summer about him , noticing how it shifted from sun and honeysuckle to the clean smell of rain .
i was so close to him then , near enough that if i inhaled deep enough i could smell a faint trace of his own personal scent , a mix of honeysuckle , grass , and leather .
just the last of the honeysuckle growing along the playground fence - that 's all you smelled .
in this flush of early summer , two of the three sheds were almost buried in fragrant drifts of honeysuckle .
honeysuckle ran wild over the trellis on the west side of the house , and fat bees buzzed indolently around the wax - white , redolent blossoms .
they know that hubie marsten killed his wife , but they do n't know what he made her do first , or how it was with them in that sun - sticky kitchen in the moments before he blew her head in , with the smell of honeysuckle hanging in the hot air like the gagging sweetness of an uncovered charnel pit .
from her spot behind a final stand of pines and a spray of junipers , she could see the west side of the house and the creepered tangle of honeysuckle , now autumn ? -barren .
the smell of honeysuckle and the droning of the bees came to her , but she barely noticed .
behind the house , honeysuckle grew in a wild drift , calling the somnolent bees of a summer afternoon .
lightning bugs flickered across the dark , and the masses of honeysuckle clinging to gary 's fence filled the hot night with its cloying , heavy scent .
he could even faintly make out the aroma of gary pervier 's triumphant honeysuckle which was slowly burying the fence which marked the edge of his property -burying it in a drift of cloying , grasping vines .
he could smell dust , damp , honeysuckle , roses .
at quarter past eight that morning , gary pervier staggered out of his house in his pee - stained underwear shorts and urinated into the honeysuckle .
in a perverse sort of way he hoped that someday his piss would become so rancid with booze that it would blight the honeysuckle .
he screamed , holding it with his free hand as he watered the honeysuckle which had buried his fence .
faintly , sick and cloying , he smelled honeysuckle .
but at first he thought it was the honeysuckle .
by the honeysuckle .
never mind the way the ole pervert 's eyes were glaring up at the ceiling in the shadows , the way the sheared - copper smell of his blood mingled with the sickish - sweet aroma of the honeysuckle .
in her rearview mirror , donna noticed that the honeysuckle had really gone crazy on the side of the house that would catch most of the sun .
or ... she thought of the house at the bottom of the hill , the one with the honeysuckle running wild all over the east side .
driving through the small towns , she finds canted treehouses with rotted floors , plastic slides toppled over on front lawns , whole communities gone dense with the smells of honeysuckle and verbena .
the puffy white clouds on the horizon only served to intensify the blue of the sky above , and a gentle breeze filled the air with smell of honeysuckle .
when he bought out honeysuckle moon , the previous owner , the circus had been on the edge of bankruptcy .
he signed up rue and thyme , brought in the czech mates , discovered catkin silver in a working men 's club in wakefield dancing in his silver paint to a bunch of rowdy yet appreciative ex - miners , created jax and dax the infinite twins and revived the careers of the lettuce brothers , the only acts left from the honeysuckle moon era .
'' from when we all worked with honeysuckle moon and the wildcat circus .
'' it was a wedding gift to my husband and i from honeysuckle moon so it is right that the ring now becomes a wedding gift to you and mrs lollipop . ''
all you can smell is honeysuckle or roses .
as the sun melted down into a glow of gold and apricot , one or two mothers , in starched white aprons , had appeared under the climbing roses and honeysuckle creepers to call their offspring in for bed where they might , or might not , sleep peacefully , safe in the knowledge that the realm was secure .
including fred the multilingual mockingbird who was so startled he fell out of the honeysuckle bush he was overnighting in , landed on his noggin and immediately launched into a scolding bird diatribe in a whole bunch of bird dialects , including a few non - bird sounds .
chapter four - a wood carver 's marionette twilight quilted his eyes and the smells of juniper and honeysuckle suffused his lungs .
and he still had a keen enough nose to relish the odor of manure as well as the sweetness of new - mown hay and the heady perfume of honeysuckle .
we have a window basket filled with fuchsia , honeysuckle and pansies , discoloured net curtains and a big red door .
with head down , my mind wanders to times when there was sunshine and the hint of honeysuckle and jasmine in the breeze brought abstraction .
he entered the hall to the scent of jasmine and honeysuckle .
still , he kept following it through tangles of honeysuckle and bittersweet .
on the grassy bluff , on a summer day , they came close to making love , among the honeysuckle and snapdragons , but naked and unwed they both grew ashamed , the moral rules imbued to them taking over , guilt on auto - pilot .
there was no particular memory but i felt myself in a childs body and all around me was filled with enchanting scents : freshly mown grass , damp hay , honeysuckles , cracked chestnut shells .
she did not recognize any of the powders or roots , except for one item which appeared to be dried honeysuckle .
surrounding the window frame , the ivy clasping the brick faade flutters in the breeze dappled by the delicate perfume of apple blossoms and honeysuckle in bloom .
the dense virginia air drifted through the hall scented with apple blossoms and honeysuckle .
the ball ricocheted off the rim and landed in a clump of honeysuckle .
then from his neck and burrowing through his skull more tendrils thrusting forth in resolute growth , pushing skyward and sunward and out what had been his ears and eyes and nose , his mouth yielding forth not words but all mix of bloomsclematis , wisteria , honeysuckle , trumpet flower : all dangling in a nectar - laden tangle of succulent and fragrant clusters .
a crossroads pointed the way to innumerable destinations : honeysuckle wood , cowslip meadow , dandelion green , and , less rustically the suburbs .
the latter , a white brick victorian gothic structure , was located in a quiet , older section of town , set well back from the street , and surrounded by an undisciplined bank of honeysuckle and forsythia .
they still stood in front of the courthouse , a cool breeze wafting the smell of honeysuckle over them .
the shrubbery around the edifice was abundant with honeysuckle , and it was in full aromatic bloom .
he tripped over a fallen tree in the heavily overgrown thicket , full of every kind of growing ivy from honeysuckle to poison ivy and surrounded with dozens of trees from birch to cedar .
i d go to honeysuckle retirement home .
mary said pat wants her to sell the cottage and move into honeysuckle rest home .
remember , she tried to get mary to sell the cottage and move into honeysuckle rest home ?
at the same time as he reached for her , he smelled her perfume , the same scent of honeysuckle that he remembered from so long ago .
musicians played softly in the background , and heaps of flowers on the mantelpieces and tables filled the dining hall with a heavy fragrance of magnolias , honeysuckle and beeswax .
as he had lifted her in his arms , shed smelled like honeysuckle and stolen sweets .
he stares at her t - shirt under a pair of scrub pants probably with her sexy pink lace panties , since cumi is a precious virgin smelling of sweet honeysuckles and acts like sweetness .
a pure virgin smells to his manly nostrils like a patch of wild sweet honeysuckles freshly growing on the green vines coupled with bouts of happy giddiness of delight into his eardrums and smiling faces for his eyeballs .
fallen angel reviews rose presseys complete bookshelf ( click title to preview / buy ) the halloween laveau series : book 1 forever charmed the rylie cruz series : book 1 how to date a werewolf book 2 how to date a vampire book 3 how to date a demon the larue donovan series : book 1 me and my ghoulfriends book 2 ghouls night out book 3 the ghoul next door the mystic caf series : book 1 no shoes , no shirt , no spells book 2 pies and potions the veronica mason series : book 1 rock n roll is undead a trash to treasure crafting mystery : book 1 murder at honeysuckle hotel the haunted renovation mystery series : book 1 flip that haunted house book 2 the haunted fixer upper me and my ghoulfriends by rose pressey me and my ghoulfriends copyright 2011 , rose pressey editing by colleen simpson this book is a work of fiction .
rose presseys complete bookshelf ( click title to preview / buy ) the rylie cruz series : book 1 how to date a werewolf book 2 how to date a vampire book 3 how to date a demon the larue donovan series : book 1 me and my ghoulfriends book 2 ghouls night out book 3 the ghoul next door the mystic caf series : book 1 no shoes , no shirt , no spells book 2 pies and potions the veronica mason series : book 1 rock n roll is undead a trash to treasure crafting mystery : book 1 murder at honeysuckle hotel the haunted renovation mystery series : book 1 flip that haunted house book 2 the haunted fixer upper about rose pressey rose pressey enjoys writing quirky and fun novels with a paranormal twist .
the perfume of wild honeysuckle filled the air in places where the shade was less dense .
the scent immediately brought memories of childhood , sitting on a grassy bank behind her home , letting the tiny drops of honeysuckle nectar drop onto her tongue .
it smells like honeysuckle and jasmine .
the night air drifts in slowly and smells sweet , like honeysuckle .
` ` unless you want to come out smelling like honeysuckle body wash - which you 're totally free to use , by the way - i brought you a bar of soap . ''
you know how i hate honeysuckle . ''
i would n't want her to crawl into bed with a man whose junk smelt like honeysuckle when she thought she was in for a wild night with garth black .
` ` your skin smells like honeysuckle .
i could smell hannah 's honeysuckle perfume and a few of our candles .
the scent of honeysuckle and cassie 's shampoo fills my head .
i need to sniff the entire bottle of honeysuckle soap .
i was so sure this was different , the kind of love story they made movies and books about , but in the end it was just a summer to a summer , a dizzying breath of honeysuckle and whiskey and candle smoke , inhaled , held , let go .
the air is crisp and fresh and a lot cooler than in the valleys , and everything smells of honeysuckle and grass .
heady , scented honeysuckle meandered along the wall beside them , loading the air with sweetness as anticipation warmed sophie 's bones .
i glanced over my shoulder at the field of dry , golden grass and honeysuckle .
i could smell the honeysuckle in the field that had been baking in the sun all day .
those were coupled with the smell of green meadows full of wildflowers , honeysuckle and dark , fertile soil .
there was a sheen of perspiration across her forehead and nose , and the scent of honeysuckle was almost overpowering .
she forced the fear down and focused on the smell of honeysuckle that grew along the road .
they led her through to the back which opened onto a delightful garden where sunlight and shade were dappled through an arbor of grape vines and honeysuckle .
the lush fragrance of honeysuckle vines left behind by the previous tenant wafted all around them .
he could smell herwildflowers and honeysuckle and something else .
it was a picture - perfect cottage with a pretty english garden full of roses , lavender , and honeysuckle .
-- kate douglas , award winning author of honeysuckle rose on wings of love ever & always is the sweet , tear - jerking story of two people who have both failed miserably in love , but finally get it right ... [ maddie and jacks ] love is of the sweetest kind , and their chemistry is wonderful .
that scentspring grass after a rainstorm and honeysuckles .
she tasted like honeysuckles and fresh grass .
he breathed deep , wanting more of her , to breath in her scent and essence into his lungs like a drowning man - freshly cut grass and honeysuckles .
the sweet scent from a honeysuckle growing up a trellis behind a flower bed of blooms diffused into the night air .
when the breeze drifted in his direction , miles caught the barest hint of the honeysuckle shampoo she 'd used .
the sun was warm on her skin , and she inhaled the sweet honeysuckle - scented air .
orchids and honeysuckle . ''
her scent was sweet - as if she 'd recently bathed in the nectar of honeysuckles .
he 'd thought of honeysuckles earlier , but that was n't it .
stringed lights and lanterns crisscross over our heads , and soon the honeysuckle on the trellises will start to bloom .
at night it 's magically romantic out here , particularly with the majestic view of lake michigan and the sweet scent of the honeysuckle .
the sweet smell of honeysuckle and roses filled the night air .
she should n't do it , but she was walking anyway , crossing the street , and entering his yard , which smelled of honeysuckle and jasmine .
she gripped her purse strap and walked up the gravel walkway and onto the porch , which smelled of honeysuckle and jasmine on this june morning .
otherwise , there was only the sound of a cool breeze rustling the honeysuckle leaves .
it was buried , as his mother liked it best , in honeysuckle and wild morning glory .
like wild honeysuckle in bloom . ''
like honeysuckle and miracles , like spring and second chances .
that scent had haunted him last spring when flowers had started to bloom and he 'd caught a whiff of honeysuckle .
the honeysuckle scent of her skin wafted between them , and caleb dragged it into his lungs , praying it would calm his frayed nerves .
the honeysuckle scent of her skin filed the space between them , and caleb fought the urge to bury his face in her hair and breathe her in .
woman and honeysuckle and miracles .
her skin was warm from the sun , making the honeysuckle and woman scent of her rise up to his nose .
it had been spring -- april -- and the night air smelled of the honeysuckle and jasmine her mama loved .
elizabeth had been so excited that she 'd fairly danced down the aisle , sprinkling rose petals and honeysuckle as she went .
it smelled of crisp water and honeysuckle .
her hair was long and smelled like honeysuckle .
as he reached her , he breathed deeply , inhaling the innocent scent of honeysuckle .
he pressed up against her , breathing in the scent of honeysuckle , placing his palms flat to the panels on either side of her head .
with every suck , he pushed deeper , groaning with the ecstasy of it , gulping in desperate breaths of air filled with the scents of sex and honeysuckle .
` ` ware ... '' she cupped his cheek with her hand , and he nuzzled into it , inhaling the sweet scent of honeysuckle that clung to her .
chapter three the night was warm , the air filled with the scent of honeysuckle , as the sisters walked down their garden path to the carriage that awaited them .
` ` mm - hmm , ' she said , gazing at bees hovering around some honeysuckle .
one of the bees flew from the honeysuckle to a rose , and she never looked away .
i 'd been doing algebra equations in my head all evening to keep my mind from dwelling on the warmth of pagan 's body , the honeysuckle scent in her hair , and the fact her hand was just above the waist of my jeans .
by the time purple twilight brought a respite from the heat , the air would be redolent with honeysuckle and roses , pine and fresh - cut grass .
three large trees connected by a mass of honeysuckle so thick you ca n't see through it .
blotting a similar condensation from my cheeks and nose , i got up and threw open the window closest to me , drawing in a deep gulp of the evening air , cloyingly warm , but fresh , and sweet with honeysuckle and roses from the garden , undercut with dankness from the distant shore .
i had seen them even in the most elegant hotels , where they were scented with honeysuckle , and presented in frosted glass holders with shimmering pendants .
then the trees closed in again , and i could see nothing but a claustrophobic array of interwoven trunks and branches , twined with the yellowing remnants of wild honeysuckle and the flash of scarlet creepers .
` ` you look good in honeysuckle beige .
it was sweeter than that , like honeysuckle .
only her chest moved , sucking in huge gulping breaths of air that smelled of honeysuckle .
his blood leaked from dozens of bite and claw wounds ; the honeysuckle scent cleansed the stench of this place .
then she breathed in the sweet scent of honeysuckle she so associated with the lake and the kgi compound .
the air was pleasantly warm and filled with the sweet scent of honeysuckle .
cassie bent to snap off a stem of honeysuckle , with its tiny , creamy flowerheads .
cassie 's hand let the honeysuckle spray fall .
silky and sweet like honeysuckle .
` ` honeysuckle .
the evening was lovely ; honeysuckle and roses scented the air .
a mixture of honeysuckle and summer and dark , delicious night .
breathed deeply and inhaled the honeysuckle scent of her into his lungs .
` ` i would have sent honeysuckle . ''
a cool breeze blew in from the lake , and nathan turned his face up to catch the sweet scent of honeysuckle .
there was a worn path that wove through the mature trees and the mounds of honeysuckle that seemed to take over the entire area .
she took another step toward the lake , inhaling the scent of pine , honeysuckle and the slight damp in the air from the mist blowing in .
the scent of flowers was a sweetness in the air - lilacs and honeysuckle and jasmine .