this time , a lush , close bunch of vibrant pink and so deep purple they were nearly blue hyacinths .
valerie terraveccia , port hyacinth , d76 april 10th , 2072 .
gary ripton barely notices the van in his rearview mirror , or the bright yellow ryder truck which turns left from hyacinth on to poplar , pulling on to the tarmac of the e - z stop , where the carver kids are still standing by buster the red wagon and squabbling over whether ralph will be pulled up the hill by his sister or not .
but he did n't , and as the van turned left on to hyacinth , he saw there was no license plate on the back ... and what about the silver gadget on the roof ?
it was headed south at this point , toward hyacinth .
and , when i took him out around four o'clock to ` ` do '' our block of poplar street and two blocks of hyacinth , he looked no different than all the other goblins and witches and barneys and pirates .
tinged with hyacinth .
the meeting had been extended due to hyacinth 's attempt to hurl a spell at the queen .
ry and tory stood to help toff , nissa and trik , who were all stunned at hyacinth 's outburst .
among the mausoleums and a statue of thanatos , the red and purple hyacinths swayed softly in the breeze .
every thursday lady hyacinths four star restaurant , the one hidden under the mezzanine floor was up and running for business .
' poets were always falling in love with moonlight or hyacinths or something , and goddesses were forever- ' but this was real , said death .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
and besides , he did n't want the discussion ; he wanted to get back to those poems , the wreaths of hyacinths and violets in a girl 's hair , the moon that looked distantly down on lovers and was the same to lovers and to the unloved .
i ' m covered with oil of hyacinth , '' i explained , as he blinked .
however , i am able to tell you that lady hyacinth did suggest that she would very much enjoy a stroll about the garden with you . ''