snatching at the first topic she could think of , she pointed to the table of hyacinths beside her and exclaimed , ` ` a - are n't these hyacinths lovely ? ''
snatching at the first topic she could think of , she pointed to the table of hyacinths beside her and exclaimed , ` ` a - are n't these hyacinths lovely ? ''
` ` hyacinths , '' she babbled with frantic determination as he began stalking her step for step , past the table of potted pansies , past the table of potted lilies , ` ` are part of genus hyacinthus , although the cultivated variety , which we have here , is commonly called the dutch hyacinth , which is part of h. orientalis - '' ` ` elizabeth , '' be interrupted silkily , ` ` i ' m not interested in flowers . ''
` ` hyacinths , '' she babbled with frantic determination as he began stalking her step for step , past the table of potted pansies , past the table of potted lilies , ` ` are part of genus hyacinthus , although the cultivated variety , which we have here , is commonly called the dutch hyacinth , which is part of h. orientalis - '' ` ` elizabeth , '' be interrupted silkily , ` ` i ' m not interested in flowers . ''
he reached for her again , and elizabeth , in a frantic attempt to evade his grasp , snatched up a pot of hyacinths and dumped it into his outstretched bands .
` ` there is a mythological background to hyacinths that you may find more interesting than the flower itself , '' she continued fiercely , and an indescribable expression of disbelief , amusement , and fascination suddenly seemed to flicker across his face .
` ` you see , the hyacinth is actually named for a handsome spartan youth ?
her voice trembled a little as he purposefully set the pot of hyacinths on the table .
` ` a - actually , the flower that sprang up would have been the iris or larkspur , not the modern hyacinth , but that is how it earned its name . ''
elizabeth knew he was referring to her and not the history of the hyacinth , and though she commanded herself to move out of his reach , her legs refused to budge .
` ` h - hyacinths are not the only flower with an interesting history .
elizabeth knew he was referring to her monologue on the history of hyacinths in the greenhouse .
so off balance from his reference to the hyacinths was she that her mind went blank , and she said disjointedly , ` ` my uncle is acting as my guardian now .
purple hyacinths spilled from the vase , the deep colored blooms filling the area with their rich scent .
between the violet flowers , white daisies peeked out , brightening up the richness of the hyacinths .
` ` the purple hyacinths mean i ' m sorry . ''
there was no way to stop the tears that fell the moment she saw them , because she knew immediately what the fragile purple hyacinth and the single red rose meant - i ' m sorry and i love you respectively .
the smell of hyacinths surrounded me , a cool breeze twirling the fragrance around my body .
it had a stone chimney , flower boxes filled with hyacinths under the arched windows , and a door of knotty wood , and it was sitting in the middle of a meadow to boot .
the wind was gentle as it stirred the scent of hyacinth and lilac .
` ` no one 's found anything yet , but the creek running through the park had an unusual overnight eco - change with hyacinths growing like ... '' he paused , clearly at a loss for an analogy .
since the stone has the power to affect its immediate environment , like using fast - growing hyacinths to lift it out of the creek and place it in sight of its next owner , lucien thinks that 's a good sign it 'll be found in that area . ''
it 's so different from any event i ' ve been to , the sense of history and privilege as thick as the scent of hyacinths in the air .
she bought a tall , large , cylindrical , glass vase out of which sprouted fragrant , white , hyacinths that sat dead centre on the dining room table .
a third sat on the table between couch and armchairs , also stuffed full with hyacinths .
abby watched as nicola 's hand reached out and her fingers touched a hyacinth on the bar .
the sun was shining day after day , the tulips were out , the trees were budding , the hyacinths had opened and life was good on this green earth .
standing around the buckets of plastic - wrapped roses and the squat cacti in their little clay pots and the free - standing pastel hyacinths , she felt as invisible as she was : people were passing by her without looking over , and that somehow made the divide she felt seem all the more devastating .
in addition to a variety of hyacinths and lotus trees , the courtyard featured a round fountain with marble nymphs that sprayed water up into the air in a continuous stream .
like al the others , the table was covered with creamy white linens , dainty china , and a heavy crystal vase ful of fresh poppies , hyacinths , and narcissus flowers .
desert flowers could be gorgeous , but these were from a hothouse garden - large puffs of white hyacinths , climbing yellow roses , and red and pink dots of sweet william , mixed with tropical flowers like bird - of - paradise .
she lost hold of the hyacinths and fell , and oison 's sword swished over her , missing .
she raced to her pile of petals in the middle of the cave , threw the hyacinths down , and lifted her book .
giant vases of flowers sat inside the entrance on marble and gold tables , scenting the room with the fragrance of lilies and hyacinths .
the month had been april , and even now she could smell the hyacinths in bloom , that light powdery fragrance , the flowers that came up by bulb just outside her kitchen window .
gator pushed the canoe through a sea of purple water hyacinths .
` ` a moment where i realized that i ' ve forgotten everything in the world about myself , but i know what a hyacinth is . ''
she came into the shop , smelling of hyacinths .
then the raiders turn left on hyacinth and are gone .
her eyes that were between a blue and a purple reminded me of my mothers favorite flower , the hyacinth , and i suddenly understood her liking for it .
the smell of maries hyacinths and freshly brewed coffee wafted on the breeze .
some site said purple hyacinths mean i m sorry or please forgive me .
surrounding various water fountains were violets and violas , daffodils and grape hyacinths .
the wake churned the mocha - colored water a bubbly white , which fanned away from the stern and washed up against the tussocks of grass , lily pads , and water hyacinths that suckled the shore .
crowded on a table before the drapes and in front of an inset mirror and around the sink were vases of roses and daises and various hyacinths infused with babys - breath , all black and white in the shadows .
the impression of a luxurious living - room in a town house was completed by a large bowl of white and blue hyacinths on the central table and by the tidy range of magazines to one side of the desk .
` ` your room has hyacinths .
... of course , i would n't know a hyacinth if it jumped up and choked me , but that 's what the maid said . ''
spring daffodils and hyacinths wrapped its walls , the brick and wood topped by a lopsided gabled roof .
hyacinths in shades of purple , pink , and white added their sweet fragrance to the air .
the scents of roses and hyacinths filled the air around us as we walked slowly down the manicured paths .
she could match tulips , hyacinths , and crocuses with their images , but there were others , blue and delicate , that looked as if they would never bloom in any place that was n't wild .
` ` then let us take all prisoners to the dungeons , '' erland was still glaring at hyacinth , who shrank back in her seat .
they signaled grief and mourning , and they were everywhere in the cemetery , reminding all of us of the tragedy of apollo 's love for the beautiful hyacinth .
statues of the gods oversaw the massive mausoleums and graves , and hyacinths bloomed year - round .
lilies , peonies , hyacinths - the front hall was banked in them .
she smelled like hyacinths .
this was one of lady hyacinths ideas ; she reckoned that marcel would soon get very bored serving up a banquet - for - one every day just for me , plus menu - del - dia for everyone else , so what she had come up with was that i ( and i use the word i very loosely ) could instigate a system that involved my friends and neighbours .
carol estimated that the whole trip should take about six weeks , but that would depend on how much rubber - necking there was to do on the way , and almost all of mine and sheilas families wanted to go on the first test drive so from the start the trip had all the makings of a repeat performance of that dreadful christmas : but none of them had yet met my secret weapon - lady hyacinth .
the next morning we woke up in the red sea , metaphorically speaking , this was the life , and everyone was settling down to enjoy the trip , even lady hyacinth was happy with my staff , praise indeed , and all went well until we entered the gulf of aden .
after meeting and greeting carol , lady hyacinth , david ( hello david , how was your hangover ? )
not for me the obscure or ugly , i wanted what i , and my family and friends would recognise , and the more people that i talked too ( in swore secrecy ) about it , the more i realised that this project was going to have world - wide implications , and if i got it wrong i could be fleeced something rotten , but , as the saying goes , even the longest journey starts with a single step , so after a few words with hyacinth , we took that step ( metaphorically speaking ) , into the very exclusive cul - de - sac art gallery , knightsbridge , london sw3 .
his alternates his attention between the azaleas and hyacinths in the raised granite planters and the statues that run the length of the black and green marbled colonnade .
` ` the hyacinths are , like , totally in bloom . ''
flying effortlessly for no reason other than the pleasure of it , aloft on wafts of wind as mild and fragrant as a bed of budding hyacinths !
elegba himself took possession of hyacinth in the grove , riding him as a white man rode a horse , and spoke through him .
there was another hyacinth in the uprising , so they now called agasu by the name of big one - arm .
everything was tasteful and perfect , from the clean lines of the gray leather sofa set and glass coffee table , to the giant arrangement of hyacinths on the twelve - seater dining - room table .
a written language of seven thousand letters and it took all day to write a thirteen - syllable poem about a white pony trotting through wild hyacinths .
by another stroke of bad luck , the sight of a herd of white horses galloping through a field of wild hyacinths would have led a struggling composer to write the famous flying god suite , bringing succour and balm to the souls of millions , had he not been at home in bed with shingles .
about them lay long launds of green grass dappled with celandine and anemones , white and blue , now folded for sleep ; and there were acres populous with the leaves of woodland hyacinths : already their sleek bell - stems were thrusting through the mould .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
the green - covered slopes erupted in golden clusters of cowslips , interspersed with patches of blue grape hyacinths .
the only time the sphinxes ceased their incessant running was at the behest of the tantradox , which called out a commandment and begun to rein them in as they came upon a flowerbed of hyacinth .
from the tranquility of hyacinth to the sexual rush of roses , the battle - strengthening effects of venus fly traps to the near - death experiences of asphodel , chariah felt as though must have eaten one of every species of plant in existence within the last hour .
there were small blossom shapes that looked a little bit like grape hyacinths interspersed with long branches of cells .
i m not enough of a garden club anglophile to keep a garden diary , but , if my memory serves , its the earliest i ve ever seen the tulips or hyacinths down here .
those special offer hyacinths ?
i drove off , the brown parcels on the back seat , the hyacinths on the front seat next to me .
he had given me hyacinths .
still , the hyacinths .
but now with my nicely rounded stomach and these hyacinths i ought to go .
and if it were my parents , what would they say when they saw three bunches of special offer hyacinths lying before her stone .
clusters of water hyacinths covered the far end of the pond , overlooked by more trees .
she came and laid her head on my chesther hair smelled of hyacinths .
my little grape hyacinths still formed lonely little islands of blue , but i envisioned the tulips blooming and creating a spectacular effect .
as i climbed the steps to my porch the perfume of the purple hyacinths arrested my progress through the door , and i inhaled a lungful of the strong , sweet scent .
clementine dive - bombed from the bed and rushed toward lily 's closet where hyacinth was looking for her own dress .
clementine and hyacinth skidded in from the living room , followed by lily and neil .
clementine and hyacinth were close seconds , and i felt the only reason lily and rose finally headed to their bedrooms was so that jesse and i could have some time alone .
white lilies fully open and scented hyacinths breathe them in .
she blurted , and turning , ran , scrambling back between piles of paper narcissus bulbs and fragrant spikes of hyacinth , her shoes skidding on the slime of trodden leaves .
allowing her gaze to roam , isabella noticed that there were large vases filled with daffodils and hyacinths strategically placed throughout the room .
it was a quaint little place , with daffodils and hyacinths filling up the flowerbeds .
the garden that met his gaze was modest but well kept , with a flagstone terrace and a patch of grass surrounded by flowerbeds brimming with daffodils and hyacinths .
daffodils , crocuses , hyacinths , lilies .
before she turned to go , she noticed a large bouquet of purple hyacinths leaning up against one of the pillars on the porch .
curling up on her bed with her laptop , she decided to perform an internet search on purple hyacinths , just in case gabriel ( or his florist ) was trying to send her a subliminal message .
on a horticultural website , she read the following : purple hyacinths symbolize sorrow , the request for forgiveness , or an apology .
yeah , well if you had n't been such a bastard to me , gabriel , you would n't have to buy hyacinths to beg for my forgiveness .
she picked up the now withered purple hyacinths and threw them over the railing too .
gabriel smiled wryly as he gestured to a tall , modern glass vase that held an arrangement of purple hyacinths .
you can move the hyacinths from last night or leave them where they are . ''
dainty crocuses , hyacinths , and daffodils bloomed in beds , along walkways , and in pockets of sunlight in the damp , needle - strewn forest floor .
he nodded discreetly toward lady amanda , miss scott , lady hyacinth , and miss cleaver , all of whom must have taken his momentary attention as a sign of interest , for they all turned into a bunch of snickering imbeciles a second later .
she noticed that lady hyacinth had turned her head to stare at her in surprise , so she immediately lowered her voice and leaned closer to constance .
` ` oh , we shall , '' lady hyacinth exclaimed .
lucy had to admit she liked the fact that he was trying to assess all of lady hyacinth 's attributes rather than focusing on her looks alone .
` ` oh look , there 's lady hyacinth .
it certainly seemed as if he planned to take her advice where lady hyacinth was concerned .
the question came from miss scott , who 'd leaned forward in her seat in order for her to look directly at lucy , since lady hyacinth was sitting between them .
` ` lady amanda will be paired with miss geraldine , miss cleaver with lady hyacinth .
` ` imagine this is a purple hyacinth , the ' forgive me ' flower .