he 's the mastermind behind the exponential growth . ''
the fact was , parker broadcasting had not achieved growth forecast in the past two years and needed an infusion of new technology , new ideas .
` ` i ' ve reviewed the quarterly reports for the last fiscal year and although growth is slow , it has been steady . ''
she 'd never been one to settle in her life , which was why she 'd been able to create her own company , manufacturing her own designs every quarter with seven percent annual growth over the past four years .
the growth rate was impressive but misty knew that compared to the number of warriors lyccans had - and the number of merciless vampire assassins they had to face - the number before her was still pathetically scarce .
a couple years back , liam had it dredged to encourage the growth of the wildlife .
they represent life and growth .
i let them go because their growth is based on leaked false data and the conglomerate will crash and burn within the year .
a nonprofit organization was a hard sell , because it went against the grain of what a business model should look like , since there was no clear projection of growth and revenue .
it 's the scent of new things - of growth and life and joy .
i explained the premise of the site and moved into a brief outline of our year of bare bones marketing and the resulting exponential growth , trying desperately to stay focused .
we ' ve picked up some big name advertisers , and there has been an impressive growth spurt in the very short time we ' ve been funded .
timetables for the clearing process , a growth chart of the number of head in the herd year by year , even when portions of it would remain fallow so it would n't be overgrazed .
` ` it slows the growth of inoperable tumors .
it was they who conducted the symphonies of growth and death that turned the world .
by the close of trading , kerr inc . stock had fallen by nearly a quarter , erasing nearly $ 19 billion in market cap - a record drop off by a holding company that had only seen growth since its inception over a decade ago .
with what i ' ve learned , i think i can increase our agriculture growth by fifty percent .
you 're in the classic spiral caused by rapid growth and overexpansion .
` ` the resources were severely limited so both melko and brodwyn adopted no - waste policies and encouraged population growth to build their armies .
magic fueled the tree growth , and centennial park was a shining example of that .
once the atlanta witch covens had purchased it from the city as their meeting place , the park had stopped expanding sideways , directing all of its growth upward instead .
at one time , it had been the gambling capital of the country , but that had changed with the growth of las vegas and casinos owned by native american tribes .
i hope this message finds you with peace , with prosperity , and with growth and renewal as spring spreads across our lands .
they felt that vampires like donatelli , who encourage vampire population growth , spoke to their rights more than a conservative like ethan did .
as it is , there are plenty of impures clamoring for vampire population growth . ''
he knew carrick 's sister had been married to donatelli , who was interested in vampire population growth , and who had been carrick 's presidential opponent until he had suddenly dropped out of the race .
a cult figure for vampire arrogance and population growth . ''
brittany did n't consider herself up on vamp politics , but she 'd been forced to learn enough to know that donatelli had previously been ethan 's opponent , and he had lobbied for population growth , something ethan did n't support .
` ` well , we encourage population management , whereas our opponent advocates population growth .
abundant country meals seemed to have led to growth in that portion of her figure .
our natural resources are waning , as would be expected with the population growth and the advancement of medicine .
and he looked at her and was filled with the sight of her , and felt , as he had so many times before in her presence - madrigal and karou - new life , new growth .
how will that affect the growth in unc system schools ?
the growth of interest in whale - watching had caused the odd peak now and then , but in general it was steady business , likely neither to make us rich nor cause too many upsets .
and the real growth area , according to our research , is in their sense of well - being .
continuing growth in the development of tourist accommodation , which is occurring over the whole council area , as well as the traditional coastal fringe , will create an increase in demand for the provision of council facilities ... the level of demand on the facilities varies with the category and stay time at the tourist accommodation provided , but there is an increase in demand , over that of the permanent population ...
he said he appreciated that the development would have some economic benefits for the town , but the watersports school would run the risk of destroying the town 's one area for tourist growth : the whales and dolphins .
i could already feel the growth they 'd both experienced , even if it had n't all sunk in yet .
ralley 's is different , and if it stays different , it can continue growth with the sport .
' with the exponential population growth on earth and the pollution and destruction of habitat that goes with it , it just ca n't last .
with a click of the mouse gareth displayed a graph showing the banks steady growth in profit during the past 5 years .
and even after a few days , loan approvals , deposits , and investments were all showing significant percentage growth .
population growth is rising higher than anticipated and measures will be taken to lower them to appropriate levels , all females who are pregnant or have not undergone sterilization will be taken to food processing .
growth = jobs , and without growth , things would not be growing , and that was not good , so the general populace was constantly reminded .
growth = jobs , and without growth , things would not be growing , and that was not good , so the general populace was constantly reminded .
the global group of firms ltd sociological model of exponential growth and perpetual warfare between the bnpt and tmhs had a very drastic side affect .
when questioned , they would point to chinas incredible economic growth which , it seemed , was hiding the effects of mankinds dangerous indifference to the planets needs .
the second fact was that the entertainment centre had undergone three upgrades in the past twelve years to cope with the population growth .
i ' ve missed the growth with them all , '' added sarehl , on a wistful note .
but apart from that , there will be no further growth in our numbers .
over the next two years , while unity spread through churches , through banks , and through governments , there was a subtle growth in suspicion about anyone who refused to be a part of this new movement .
their population growth is extraordinarily negative . ''
we moved away and went underground , but we ca nt stay forever because natural population growth will overcome our resources .
since the french do nt like things they do nt understand , they felt threatened by this and with the growth of the german navy in 1904 , so did england and the two countries made an entente cordiale , which means friendly understanding .
way to cut down on population growth .
i can see the growth within you .
and we can reach that level of capacity through geometric growth if the existing units reproduce themselves , with the new units doing the same over the next few months .
it is if you can create hundreds of ufcs through exponential growth .
` ` iron oxide , necessary for the growth of the inhabitants . ''
here , at the bottom of the ocean , births needed to be approved in order to avoid exponential growth in population , no money changed hands , people were trained for specific employment , healthcare was freely given to all .
` ` how many humans were on the planet earth before the population growth dropped quickly in the second half of the twenty - first century ?
` ` the population growth slowed down .
he hypothesized that mass extinction events , such as the ragnarok extinction , could stimulate a huge growth in biodiversity over the long run .
why there is growth in both of them and deterioration in other areas , i do nt know .
heather arose and said as she departed , i look forward to our trading agreements and the growth of your people .
without challenge there is no growth .
then it came to her : zero population growth .
the government is committed to zero population growth , gene said .
and a constant supply of the living brought constant growth to the hive as those that once lived became those newly risen to death in their ranks .
yeah , there was a big surge in population in the early 1900s , but the growth has slowed down .
for all he learned about it , the passing of a year , even the growth of his body , meant little to him .
from the very beginning , this phenomenon drew much attention , because the virtual population had begun an extraordinary growth , and those first signs indicated a huge potential of followers .
of course , 70 % of england 's population growth in recent years has been due to immigration .
and the ghastly areas full of african , asian and eastern european prostitutes , pimps and drug - pushers , and the corresponding growth of sex clubs and sex shops , a million vibrators and dildos on sale , all housed in buildings growing shabbier and shabbier by the minute , were all now visually available to the young genevois children and were assisting them , no doubt , in their early understanding of what this planet is all abouteven in the erstwhile pristine , educated , and romantic city of geneva .
low growth is a troublesome circumstance , zero growth is extremely bad news , and negative growth produces a poisonous crisis involving , among other things , high unemployment and a corresponding rise in poverty .
their clowns are horrified at the lack of population growth . ''
there is a polynomial growth in the necessary logic to solve whole problems .
growth in china was averaging between 3 - 4 percent for the past few years while strong in real terms it was barely able to starve off a recession due to major population growth and the ever increasing gap between the rich and the poor .
but though many nations are untrusting when it comes to vampires and hold racist feelings stewed from the great war not many try at every opportunity to hold up the growth of arges , to try to vote against civil rights acts in other nations when it comes to vampires within those borders .
at ninety , the woman was nearly sixty years older than the genetic revolution that had unleashed an explosive growth of human derivativesclones and in vitrosand widespread acknowledgment of genetic mutants .
they 'd deliberately planned for future population growth .
only then can they inject growth and health and development into the remaining lands and people .
or perhaps , it was the same creature , but diminished , as it seemed to be of late but he had perceived that more as a distancing than a growth in his ability to resist it ... magen ?
recent growth in recruitment has created entire new sets of men and women ready to serve on new ships and bases .
this results in an exponential system of growth in temporal disturbances .
there was a ceaseless race to claim the goods and resources available and to expand as much as possible while disrupting the others growth .
the towering screens usually reported something tending toward the decline of east grid power and the converse supremacy of western militaries , some political update from the senior commission and the odd report about economic growth interspersed with loops of wartech ads from the pmcs .
2 growth continued to surge until , by 2050 , more than 10 percent of the adult population in the entire western sphere was employed by the pmcs , comprising more than 150 million soldiers .
likewise , steffor 's presence had contributed to vejax 's ongoing growth in ways he only now realized possible .
from the active recruitment and growth of their human telecommunications network , to the prioritizing of the next suite of educational programs , to the expansive entrainment library , it all needed antone 's seal of approval .
what matters , stalling thought while gazing at the glistening bucket , is the growth of that connection .
i see the possible succession of future events ; how , as one , we can manifest our growth .
` ` alterian enterprises has experienced phenomenal growth since last we spoke , '' he said in a business like tone .
in order that i may complete the growth intended by this vicarious existence , there must be an intermediary to experience the process first hand .
but the discovery of your world has changed everything , the potential growth of my power is now infinite ! ''
his bone growth went insane .
mick idly wondered how the watyrans had accommodated population growth .
based on the rate of the bridges growth , nadine estimated , it would take another two minutes before it closed the gap between the bank and the half built bridge .
the centrists started as a merger of the demoplicans and replutocrats in retaliation to the upsurge of the libertarian party , whose growth in strength and reputation made it obvious that the original two parties needed to combine or they would indeed be conquered .
that is , whether one can really say that a particular civilization must follow laws of growth and decline in any matter analogous to those involving individuals . ''
after all , there are an infinite number of inhabited earths , and we ca n't be the only one that has decided to solve the problem of unlimited population growth by expanding into the worlds of probability . ''
imagine if the growth of the empire had been accompanied by the growth of science , technology and industry .
population growth can be controlled .
` ` i have my friends - the trees and the lawns and all the animal life forms to keep me company - and growth to encourage in geometric form , even in the winter .
the new expansionist policies of the foundation will encourage the growth of alliances against us .
so the foundation 's growth continues and will continue , smoothly and regularly . ''
i tell you to learn that a government 's growth and its death are apparent in the growth and death of its citizens . ''
i tell you to learn that a government 's growth and its death are apparent in the growth and death of its citizens . ''
earth resources technology was a relatively new company , formed in 1975 in response to the explosive growth of information on the earth and its resources .
according to the new theory , the 1970s had been a decade of unprecedented growth in computers .
= = = = = = production growth and income growth must not get out of step in my empire .
= = = = = = production growth and income growth must not get out of step in my empire .
chapter 23 maker ( 5 ) seven years of peace , of growth since the event .
what a marvelous thing to observe the explosive growth of awareness , he thought .
the scattering was wild and random movement interpreted as growth ( expansion ) .
extrapolating the statistical growth of the legal profession , by the year 2035 every single person in the united states will be a lawyer , including newborn infants .
` ` it 's part of this phenomenon - rapid growth , abnormal demand for energy . ''
the crater nest was a blastula of earth , a chaotic jumble of elements looking for growth and order .
the growth of newspapers and periodicals , the increase in the keeping of detailed records , the invention of photography , all made it easier to compile a more detailed anecdotal history of the mayfair family .
as you experience a growth of your cortex area .
would you care to face that in five years , with the corps at its present rate of growth ? ''
ice core samples confirm it , and tree - ring evidence from scandinavia and western europe also reveals a huge reduction in tree growth in the years 536 to 542 , not recovering fully until the 550s .
in an environment with limited resources and unlimited population growth , one species must triumph over the other .
` ` it 's been proven that magnetic stimulation of the brain results in the growth of neurons and new synaptic connections .
that intelligence came about because of the repetitious growth of a smaller constant .
when unchecked population growth hit the point of stagnating food supply , the resulting chaos would kill over 90 percent of the world population .
the only way to avoid this catastrophe is to slow the rate of population growth , to apply the brakes before we hit the wall .
` ` it seems drastic methods will be necessary to curb population growth .
sure , some of his suggestions for managing population growth may be extreme .
` ` he assumed the growth of the gravitational effect was geometric , growing at a set incremental rate .
the growth of my independence was evidently important .
an agent of progress and growth , but also capable of trickery and deception .
to be shared with those who bring gifts , growth , and connections of their own .
then , there was growth and awakening .
the energy from below had died down and the tree and i were on our own to continue its rapid growth .
we tended to live for three to four times as long as humans , but our fertility rate and resulting population growth was commensurately lower .
` ` our population growth is actually coming close to matching the cats now and that has n't happened in centuries .
controlled population growth and an orderly society are the keys to a successful and peaceful existence .
before that , our time was pretty evenly devoted to : continuing to advance our technology , the growth of general knowledge , and the enrichment of our personal life experience .
the band of hero students was still small , far smaller than the rebels ' army , but their entrance , growth and advance had significantly aided in demoralizing their enemy .
gone unnoticed had been the faint growth of spirits breath stirring deep from within the soils surfacing now to return her to the gallery of symbols .
this is just one piece of the finely printed details of the 2015 bill to contain population growth .
it meant growth .
and , there is a slow people population growth , not challenging or impacting our limited earth soil environment like sky , space , and sea .
our future is very bleak if the population growth continues .
i m part of a worldwide organization that collects statistics about the growth of and equilibrium between societies .
he carefully eased himself into his office chair as he continued to probe at the psychic network that had transformed to accommodate the rapid growth .
population growth was our greatest challenge , due to latent radiation .
everything in new america was geared toward procreation and population growth .
despite all the propaganda about needing to breed and the freedom in the law to include consorts in a marriage to optimize population growth , mama and her family were staunch believers in monogamy .
not even michael believed her , plus no one in town seemed to have seen anything strange apart from a growth in the number of bears invading the urban areas .
the poor population growth of the fairy family unit beyond one fairy babe , the lack of developing farms , the lost art of farming skills , and the increase of a fairy controller for the human child .
the shiny gold star that marks growth and acceptance awaits patiently along the way you just need to find your way to it .
blue and yellow = green : nature , growth , harmony , healing power .
looking at the per capita growth of gdp , the situation here is not that bad ; only china is ahead of us among the brics group .
from the point of view of economic growth , demography is key .
analysing the sources of this growth , we see that population growth , improved labour efficiency and growth in capital efficiency each generated about one per cent .
analysing the sources of this growth , we see that population growth , improved labour efficiency and growth in capital efficiency each generated about one per cent .
analysing the sources of this growth , we see that population growth , improved labour efficiency and growth in capital efficiency each generated about one per cent .
i believe that not one of the so - called oligarchs succeeded in achieving significant growth in labour efficiency in their businesses .
that s why at this stage economics is important in russia , but its significance must reduce with the growth of wealth and the degree of societys development .
i see creation , life , growth .
ill bring in a very steady number of accounts each month and there will be growth .
what had passed by seemed to have sapped the city 's growth and prosperity .
this change in the social order coupled with the rising and falling of the fortunes of kings and merchants , and along with the general growth in population brings out old conflicts within the vedic pattern and gives rise to new ones .
jampa felt the energy of the earth and growth and life all around him .
millie thought about the growth and the police department , at least i hope were ready .
an exponential growth in consumption of resources with conservation looks at as a drag .
we can not be too obsessed with continued exponential growth on corporations profits through enticing consumers to take up more loan and consume more than they can afford .
this is just an off - the - cuff idea just to get the debate going on stopping exponential growth in campaign spending .
u.s . space satellites noticed this rapid growth , but china was starting to grow everywhere , and photos of all of zedong electronics new manufacturing plants disappeared into different files and nobody thought to look at this massive growth - area any closer .
in july 2012 , there was a little growth in the stock market , and the president came on the news to explain that mortgage rates on any home purchases would be held to two percent and any banks not offering mortgages at this rate would incur hefty penalties .
recovery of the euro and us dollar are predicted to occur before the end of 2011 to be followed by a period of sustained growth .
it means i am privileged enough to be able to say that those i represent have taken me somewhat into confidence , in order to explain the values involved and the estimated curve of their growth .
a period of unprecedented growth and trust in rational thinking to escape from the religious yoke that had for centuries kidnapped the free will .
on the screen the simulated development and growth of buildings , parks , rivers , lakes , squares , industrial and agricultural areas were shown .
its a celebration of the first two consecutive quarters of growth from the business sector in socal in the last five years .
they had been enacted several years previously to fight the growth of anarchist groups in france .
he also believed most of the corporate takeovers these days were about as helpful to america 's competitiveness as masturbation was to population growth , a viewpoint i tended to sharewhich is one reason why i helped him raise money from time to time .
we can no longer afford to continue our population growth with such a limited resource base , especially with the gruesome conditions imposed upon us during these last six months . ` `
http : //www.fao.org / about / about - fao / en/ retrieved 9/13/2009 world population growth http : //www.guardian.co.uk / world / datablog/2009 / sep/02 / world - population - growth - resources - control retrieved 9/13/2009 eu and fao distribute seeds and fertilizers http : //www.fao.org / news / story / en / item/35361 / icode/ retrieved 9/15/2009 world summit on food security http : //www.fao.org / wsfs / world - summit / en/ retrieved 9/15/2009 status and trends of capture fisheries http : //www.fao.org / fishery / topic/14849 / en retrieved 9/18/2009 cbeid : our mission http : //www.utmb.edu / cbeid / mission.shtml retrieved 9/18/2009 univ .
http : //www.fao.org / about / about - fao / en/ retrieved 9/13/2009 world population growth http : //www.guardian.co.uk / world / datablog/2009 / sep/02 / world - population - growth - resources - control retrieved 9/13/2009 eu and fao distribute seeds and fertilizers http : //www.fao.org / news / story / en / item/35361 / icode/ retrieved 9/15/2009 world summit on food security http : //www.fao.org / wsfs / world - summit / en/ retrieved 9/15/2009 status and trends of capture fisheries http : //www.fao.org / fishery / topic/14849 / en retrieved 9/18/2009 cbeid : our mission http : //www.utmb.edu / cbeid / mission.shtml retrieved 9/18/2009 univ .
the city was thriving , it was probably the only place on earth experiencing significant growth .
there s this old legend told by my people that speaks of nature fighting against the growth of human inhibition .
the town started exploding with growth after atlantis aviation built their plant here in sixty - four , louie said .
passing a variety of urban sprawl , sam was both shocked and appalled by the growth that had occurred since his last visit just a few years ago with his wife and daughter .
the industry average growth was around 8 % , and peter promised investors 15 % .
we will not see this if growth does not lead to decent jobs , or if growth rewards the favored few over the marginalized many . ]
we will not see this if growth does not lead to decent jobs , or if growth rewards the favored few over the marginalized many . ]
that would herald unprecedented growth and assure her promotion to the manager 's role at the new blue emerald bay resort in dubai , that was due to be open in eighteen months time and was widely predicted to be the most exclusive hotel resort in the world .
the pain , the growth , the expansion .
if it had a brain it would stop growing , realizing that its own ambitious growth will lead to its ultimate demise .
you can see the growth on the streets and sidewalks literally taking over the territory .
with even greater growth in his family size , the income had become too little for their needs .
his performance generated massive growth in remons global profitability .
i d read a theory by a 19th century a jesuit named pierre teilhard de chardin that the growth of human numbers and interactions would create a separate consciousness called the noosphere .
his school research projects were predominantly focused on the rapid growth of remons company .
the u.s . had long - since been in a period of next - to - negative growth and the job force continued to shrink .
scientists are frantically searching for any and all methods to curb the epidemic growth of this invasive fish that s decimating the game fish population .
and because of this growth we have all our mega - structures of the ancient world starting at the same time .
this technology is going to revolutionize the pharmacology industry and foundation is counting on it to help drive new revenue growth .
now , restaurants have enjoyed a period of steady growth over the past twenty years .
governor newman would like to continue that growth with your vote for a second term .
americans would be stunned by the growth , jobs , and realized dreams .
` ` my point is that the history of our human population growth is even more dramatic .
` ` i have reminded you of the awesome power of unchecked population growth . ''
` ` i first heard of zobrist a few years ago , '' sienna explained , ` ` when he made some highly provocative declarations in the media about population growth . ''
` ` his essay essentially declared that the human race was on the brink of extinction , and that unless we had a catastrophic event that precipitously decreased global population growth , our species would not survive another hundred years . ''
` ` yes , he argued that his technology should be used to limit population growth by creating hybrid strains of disease that our modern medicine would be unable to cure . ''
population growth is an exponential progression occurring within a system of finite space and limited resources .
zobrist is using the exponential growth of viruses to combat the exponential growth of people .
during the summer of his and lexi 's last internships , it had looked like the internet sector was about to enter into a second period of rapid growth .
he had inherited kate blackwell 's penchant for indiscriminate growth , a brilliantly successful strategy in the 1960s and ' 70s , but a disastrous one in today 's wildly fluctuating markets .
the crude tourniquet on his shattered arm was only slowing the growth of the blood pool at his feet .
he was then able to open it up so that it would be receptive to even further growth .
our circulation was at six thousand and i could see steady , profitable growth .
their mouthpiece painted a rosy picture of economic growth , sales tax revenues , 150 jobs for the locals , and the best products at the lowest prices .
in their view , the collapse of the matarese was attributed to the explosion of world war ii with its growth of covert services where such murders were legitimized , or the council 's absorption by the sicilian mafia , now entrenched everywhere , but centralized in the united states .
more recent growth was beyond those walls and also south , on the other side of the riverrecent being anything built in the last three or four centuries .
such growth was not unusual among non - rednecks and lawyers in mississippi .
wars and the growth of nations .
this was n't a cobbling together of parts and pieces , but a pulse of growth from atoms to memories , natural and painless as breathing .
or growth .
he had seen the growth of affluence since the dawn of the christian era .
but , so far , no growth in medium - ship .
and most of those involve the growth of his own soul , and the growth of the souls around him .
and most of those involve the growth of his own soul , and the growth of the souls around him .
stimulating nerve growth .
i 'd been experiencing a growth in power , but that day , it rose unexpectedly , streams of it that i could n't control , and i slaughtered those around me , all except duncan who 'd heard me shout at him to get the hell out of there .
` ` we figured it would be best to slow the population growth .
i could always feel it - an alien growth , the expansion of something beautiful and other and also entirely mine .
and rumors , persistent rumors : of invalids , of resistance , of the growth of the disease , spreading its blackness among us .
it did n't explain the exponential enormity of its growth every day .
it was on the cusp of growth , about an hour from the nation 's capital .
just as before , he trained all of his attention on his right hand -- this time trying to force the growth of a sixth finger .
and the growth continued .
rebuilding the city created enormous growth .
science and the green revolution were in full swing and everyone felt it would keep pace with population growth and for a while it did , nip and tuck .
i believe government has encouraged the growth of banks as they need partners who will felicitate bond buying in order to finance their growing deficits , however , this too is unraveling as countries titter on the verge of default .
modern technology has enabled us to thwart many of natures safeguards and to continue with the growth of world population unabated .
yet i strongly support one 's right to own firearms , i oppose the growth of large government and it 's continued attempts to constrict personal freedom , i believe that financial institutions and multinational capitalism needs to be tweaked and regulated in order not be injurious to the american people .
growth for the sake of growth , said someone i ca nt remember , is the philosophy of the cancer cell .
then i looked at the doctors door where mother was in and envisioned the growth of nervousness as the doctor lashed her with some scary medical blabber before telling her she probably has a lump .
with the growth of his size came the growth of his quarry .
with the growth of his size came the growth of his quarry .
instantly his mind was drawn to his class on fractals , the natural method of continuity and growth .
there would be no more growth .
the stage was set and the onset of the growth of power over the people was underway .
a great mutual respect seemed to be the basis of their friendship and through the growth of such each of them empowered the other .
he knew they would people who would risk the starvation of common citizens in order to prevent the growth of an army would care little about his single , unimportant life .
economic growth and separation of equality the key .
long story short : i was having dinner with my friends kevin o leary , suze orman , arlene dickinson and jim cramer , and jim said to meand i quote : how could you disregard the growth of mercados business over the last eight quarters ?
part of the growth in trade for the business , indeed a large part of the growth , came from these men to whom money was no object and who expected and were willing to pay for the best money could buy .
part of the growth in trade for the business , indeed a large part of the growth , came from these men to whom money was no object and who expected and were willing to pay for the best money could buy .
i had become interested in the growth of the anonymous collective , an amorphous group of internet activists , or pranksters , depending upon the perspective of the reader .
my best friend opened a grocery store in a new town , always complained about no time to eat even go to the bathroom due to rapid growth of business , he frequently urged the supplier for replenishment .
the problem is that mongols and their allies breed half a million quads every year just due to population growth .
as she posed it , with the growth in our membership came an increase in domestic problems requiring the captain 's discipline .
they represent the future , the next generation , the continuation and growth of the species .
the city was in another rapid growth spurt from recent silver mining , and seemed to develop on a daily basis into a fine metropolis .
year on year growth is the second fastest in the sector .
that is why the world stagnated under the churchs long reign and why we have seen such growth since it was returned to its rightful place .
that final spurt of growth , which had occurred in the eighty years since the original kingdoms had united , gave the city the four rings for which it was now known .
it 'd take at least five hundred years for a genie like me to wipe out hungerand that 's assuming no population growth , a stupid assumption in light of how fat and happy everyone would become . ''
' er , as a matter of fact , two , ' mr pants replied , ' but mr tarry hernia , ' he went on quickly , ' is currently embarking on a programme that will see a 50 % growth in the number of trek - lodges within the next decade . '
' i mean , ' replied mr pants , who spoke business bullshit as his first language , ' a 50 % growth , as i just said . '
he went up into the sky , possessing the strength and height of popo , the fire and ferocity of menthar , the ineffability and inevitability of loqwa , and the growth and magic of mila .
the life that bloomed there was small comfort to the strangeness of this sudden growth .
lessons would still be learnt and much growth was still to be made .
we have much to learn from each other , with incredible growth to be had .
if they were not burning lines across the plains or creating sudden nature growth in cities and towns , they were causing gales to break the harvest or spreading diseases of unnatural kind .
once you have a proven business system in place ( where it shows steady growth for the first 5 years or more and you know who will handle what responsibilities to keep it running smoothly etc ) then you can begin to look into expanding by adding more locations .
a nave investor could easily lose the potential for a million dollars or more of investment growth because of too costly expense ratios .
because there are nt the same tax advantages in discretionary funds like there are with retirement funds , the growth of money in your discretionary fund ( your nonretirement portfolio ) needs to be able to compensate for what taxes are taken from profits made .
even the best of marriages fail when sex is made to be the priority rather than love and growth in the relationship towards the creation of happy and enduring family bonds .
the blackbridge school district is not so much of a district as it is a two - floor , two - winged building in the shape of an elongated l. the towns population is small enough that it was decided that the arrangement would suffice for any future projected growth in student population , of which there was expected to be very little .
the school is situated at the extreme northern end of town where it was supposed to have enough room to grow if need be , but since there was no growth , a multipurpose athletic field was built alongside where students can watch the football team lose all but one game every season and watch the baseball team win almost every game every season but in front of sparse crowds .
to general alarm , the first two days of classes saw an actual dip in radii rather in growth .
the mage arranged that many of her followers were from among the rich , powerful , and culturally influential , in order to slow the growth of hostility to his research .
creatures so old and vast that our entire existence upon this world , a thousand years of growth and strife , is less than the span of an eyeblink to them . ''
a marvellous growth which , of course , you will see as significant . '
such growth could not happen without plenty of water to nourish it , and as the sudden growth began to leach all the water from the ground , the water from the deep well began to arrive , rising through the layers of earth and stone .
at its present rate of growth , it was liable to come charging in to port packing wind speeds fast enough to blow the windows out of every shining building in its path .
if the people of drem 's maw knew that just across those mountains , they 'd find this paradise of growth and life ...
does it not hamper the growth of the vord ? ''
the talk was all of the trade that came and went on the waterways and the growth of the traffic on the river , as the roads out of the east towards mirkwood vanished or fell into disuse ; and of the bickerings of the lake - men and the wood - elves about the upkeep of the forest river and the care of the banks .
now it came to pass that while the valar rested from their labours , and watched the growth and unfolding of the things that they had devised and begun , manwe ordained a great feast ; and the valar and an their host came at his bidding .
to those lands and forests the valar seldom came , save only yavanna and orome ; and yavanna would walk there in the shadows , grieving because the growth and promise of the spring of arda was stayed .
` ` the rate of growth is exceptional .
dorset was roused from his own nap , and irritable and vague with drowsiness said , ` ` it was not wholly unexpected , given the growth rate .
continuing for the next forty minutes , he meticulously demonstrated the staggering growth in the ranks of the mentally insane and disabled and those suffering from incurable diseases in all of europe and the threat this carried to every countrys wellbeing , not just germanys .
i actually have experience on tackling the toughest problems that we have in this country , and that 's the growth of entitlement spending .
communism was a disease of modernization , an attack on a system weakened by the difficult transition to big cities ; industrialization ; the growth first of a working and then of a huge middle class ; democracy ; and other features that shook but did nt wreck america , britain , or france .
with the accompanying growth of importance of the via portuensis from the time of constantine onwards , that of the via ostiensis correspondingly decreased .
tabernae revolutionized the roman economy because they were the first permanent retail structures within cities , which signified persistent growth and expansion within the economy .
the obvious growth of philip 's power added weight to demosthenes ' campaign .
but the library and museum are only beginning their growth .
in fact , the economic growth in hooghly , because of portuguese traders , successfully took the attention away from this site and wasim almost got a fortress for his dream kingdom .
fliers sent back east by the bushel to lure prospective migrants to the area promised ` ` plenty of growth and opportunities for all honest , hardworking men and women of true frontier ilk . ''
that was several years before , and the rapid growth had continued .
she remembered the debates about that ; tarquinius claimed that the growth of the city necessitated a larger senate , while manius objected that the new senate would be too big , too unwieldy when decisions were needed .
the growth is remarkable since i was last here in thirty - six , said joseph .
she was amazed at how quickly things could change in the west -- from the weather to the landscape to the growth of new communities .
doing research into the various areas throughout america that experienced a market growth ; mapleview , craig thought , was america 's little known secret .
it was deeply entrenched in his body now , despite his efforts to stop its continued growth .
it implies incompleteness , fluidity , even growth .
that was growth he could measure .
his friends were those of his own blood or those whom he had known the longest ; his affections , like ivy , were the growth of time , they implied no aptness in the object .
unlike growth companies with new products , they could not match the quarter - to - quarter growth rate in profit and sales that the new companies mustered .
unlike growth companies with new products , they could not match the quarter - to - quarter growth rate in profit and sales that the new companies mustered .
alarmingly fast growth rate has been confirmed at hundreds of millions within the same space of time .
a forest of books grew out of this landscape and invited people of all ages to enter and become blissfully lost in the foliage and growth of narrative and poetry , fact and fiction .
on saturday , when bangor west and hampden square off in the year 's final penobscot county little league game , at bangor , one can judge the growth of local interest in the team 's fortunes by a simple act of comparison .
he had forgotten how it felt , that surging growth of awareness , all his senses widening in spectrum .
it had felt an ominous , upsetting growth in their power when they joined together , and it had wondered for the first time if it had perhaps made a mistake .
it meant zero population growth , of course , but when i think about that button now , it gives me a really creepy feeling .
my list included : a contrived housing bubble melt down ; extreme political partisanship on both sides ; gas nearing $ 4.00 a gallon ; the countrys increasing dependence on unfriendly foreign countries for diminishing oil supplies ; corporations outsourcing manufacturing jobs to slave labor countries ; wholesale redistribution of the nations wealth to the upper one percent via ridiculous tax laws ; the destruction of the nations middle class ; more saber rattling as russia invaded the small country of georgia in spite of the our empty threats ; major financial institutions failing because of their insane lending practice of providing home loans to people with no jobs , no money , and bad credit ; ignoring the growing evidence of global warming ; wars in iraq and afghanistan looking as if they will continue in perpetuity ; federal deficits increasing beyond sustainable levels ; the dollars pending loss of reserve currency status ; unsustainable world population growth ; agricultural - corporations intentions of destroying the family farms ; evangelical christianity rising as a counter productive political force ; and lastly , failure to maintain or upgrade our national transportation infrastructure .
in the world of corporations , growth ( increased complexity ) is literally a mantra chanted by stockholders .
at 10 % compounded , which is approximately the average annual 10 year growth rate of the s & p 500 stock index , 28.654 dollars grows to 500.000 dollars over 30 years , a hefty sum around retirement at age 70 , starting to invest at age 40 , to pay for living expenses at age 70 + , when you wo nt be able to make as much money then , or even any money at all .
at the end of the medieval period , how could any but the thickest painter fail to acknowledge the growth toward it and away from the blockish formalism of the last thousand years ?
the growth in the number of minds closed to you could then be explained by the simple fact that these people are reproducing at a much faster rate than we normal humans .
roads meant growth and money and progress .
* and five years before it was even proposed , shepherd had sat down and designed his version of the interstate highway system , all the way down to the individual exits and the number of lanes needed per segment based on traffic flow now and projected out for the next twenty years of suburban growth .
` ` the health , environment , life and lands corporation is experiencing unprecedented growth in a contracting economy , through turning the government push for cost - cutting , consolidation and privatisation into its primary strength .
its helping with the growth in gdp and raising some taxes that the lunatics in westminster do nt have to come knocking on my door for .
they has sent a bottle to all the staff as there had been good growth in the student numbers .
he recognised ahead of time that growth of bnp members was a message in itself , and had to be addressed .
he used to drive by once a week to collect the mail , but much like the rapid growth in ucupid users , there was an equally dramatic increase in the number of threats .
now , people tend to use the term exponential growth liberally to describe just about anything that is increasing rapidly .
sales of ucupid accelerated like never before , and much to xavier dekkers amazement ( and appreciation ) , total sales really did exhibit exponential growth .
and with the current rate of growth in ucupid users , its feasible that someone like stan richardson here will have more than a hundred thousand matches in a year or so .
whereas ucupid had once been exhibiting exponential growth , it was now illustrating exponential decay .
second interlude julius iii , the growth of the league , the inquisition and tomasso mazzola following the sack of rome in 1527 , paul iii , elected in 1534 , set about trying to rebuild the credibility of the papacy but prolonged family quarrels undermined both his skilful balancing of france and spain and his health .
i tried to ignore the crazy voice which had been dormant for weeks , but after watching myself type a shit - brained response about sales growth in vacuums , i could nt fight the feeling any longer .
it did not desire conflict , only growth , succession , and made an unwilling opponent .
the ledgers for the war years were sparse , sometimes two or three entries summarising the growth or decline in stock numbers from breeding , natural causes , and sales .
once again , fair dealing with franchisees led to growth and profit , and added to the list of potential witnesses to his good character , should he ever need them .
some attributed this growth to the ambitious sons superior diagnostic skills and bedside manner , but i presumed it had more to do with a surge in ravendales population .
a lot of the wooden buildings were relatively new , though , and implied a period of growth .
their ranch was surrounded by so - called ` ` open space '' , land bought by urban trusts controlled by valley millionaires who wanted to keep their sacred views safe from the relentless pressures of human population growth .
shouted into the air as another news broadcast , started - up clicked - over on auto - tune expert : state capital - banks capped ... concurrent with economic growth to safeguard momentum real and nominal ( nos and purchasing power with inflation ) stopping the train as impossible however necessary , runaway ... as a swinging seesaw in 3d with ever more elaborate mechanism to balance , or cheat applied with shorter and less transparency : investment ... sale of profit insurance contract deferring use of funds as percentage of principal paid back ... overnight holding - rates ...
> one ! < shouted into the air as another news broadcast , started - up clicked - over on auto - tune expert : < state - banks capped ... < concurrent with economic growth to safeguard momentum real and nominal ( nos and purchasing power with inflation ) stopping the train as impossible however necessary , runaway ... as a swinging seesaw in 3d with ever more elaborate mechanism to balance , or cheat applied with shorter and less transparency : < investment ... < sale of profit insurance contract deferring use of funds as percentage of principal paid back ... < de - valuation of the currency ... < > overnight holding rates ... < broad quantity theory : ... < interest and inflation - balance : ... < > de - valuation ... < < de - valuation of the currency ... > inflationaryadministrative difficulties only to be overcome ... between high < s and low < s ... betweenwages and prices , usually < monetary goals : want more rather than less ... full - employment ... always something to be done ... > structural - demand and supply avoiding frictional- mismatch between choicesbetween employment and unemployment .
at least on paper , and at least as far as researchers have been able to extrapolate from the slow to non - existent population growth during that long ago stretch of ignorance .
too add to the woes of no or negative population growth ( not that anyone worried about it at the timeno professional worries around ) kristianity had now developed a shaky grip on europe whereby ascension was preached and promised during the calm but promptly forgotten at the first seasonal breeze , no matter how much fire and how much brimstone the priestsmostly busy copulating themselvesthreatened their fledgling congregations with .
exaggerated , surely , but there was no denying the rapid growth of the los angeles rat population , which in turn provided more delicious grist for the gloating san francisco news mill .
two closely related forces lie behind these developments , and deserve particular mention : the growth of the ( power of the ) papacy and the migration of the germanic peoples .
one of the reasonsif not the main reasonfor this explosive growth of the muslim community has been its openness to new members , and the ease with which you can join up .
other scholars find it more likely that the split between these two groups occurred ( and was formalized ) at a subsequent meeting held some forty years later as a result of the continued growth of tensions within the sangha over disciplinary issues , the role of the laity , and the nature of the arahant .
a large part of the book is sharing the growth of out & equal workplace advocates , the organization i founded fifteen years ago to advance workplace equality for lgbt people .
a year that differs from the others in mundas cycle of years , and not every generation sees it , but its a special celebration of life and fertility , a prime year for marriages and childbearing , to give the country a burst of growth .
in the last hundred years there has been an exponential growth in impact of mans activity on the planet that is his only home .
the engineers and technologists were being fed a wealth of new theory leading to massive innovation and technical complexity growth .
if the current growth in knowledge over the last hundred years or so were extrapolated over billions over even trillions of years then the knowledge attained defies our present levels of comprehension .
the growth in computing power is almost exponential and the brick wall of finite size of processing element may be tunneled through by the development of quantum computing .
the long accepted theory of free market economics was left to the experts whose myopic faith in their risk strategies overlooked the obvious that any unprofessional would ask ; how can you have continuous uninhibited growth in wealth ?
the growth of the magazine and the additional number of submissions has allowed us to be more selective than in previous volumes .
the rule of law , the benefits of welfare state , a civil administration , the dispensation of justice , the fruit of economic growth are still like islands in vast sea , available only to a few in big cities but poorly visible in majority of india .
she kept a mental tally of gains , losses , deposits , withdrawals , approximate growth at the present interest rates , possible future investments , employment opportunities and other ways to put herself in numbers .
game theory aside , civilized governance as we have come to know it today requires exponentially higher casualty - inflicting measures to secure the resources necessary for population growth in the modern world .
it nourishes the growth of immigration .
he verified the numbers , industry growth , driving factors , etc .
i believe in a growth , a new unfolding of life whereof the seed is more perfect , more charged with the elements that are pregnant with diviner form .
he felt spurred on by this particular brand of ego growth .
during good economic times in the research triangle drug rehab is a growth industry ; at other times its rampant .
the discovery of oil wealth would lead to an incredible growth in wealth in the region .
all sprung from the sympathy felt by the polish people with the growth of the national - liberation movement in africa .
the cumulative gain on capital over that time , with quite a respectable long term growth rate , particularly accelerated over recent centuries , has made me altogether immoderately rich .
the continuing success of the illiberal socialist cause is the accomplishment of a political movement which addresses the needs of all the people , which powers the engine of great economic growth and brings prosperity to all .
sure , there were those who protested at the growth of my business empire , but usually markets were just begging to be taken over .
how can economics be considered a science if there are so many widely different interpretations as to what generates economic growth or even what economic well - being actually means ?
the companys explosive growth pushed brad to walk out on school by the christmas break , although he had already mentally checked out before the school year began .
all of this growth meant that the sal , brad , and charles had to revamp the current menu .
but eventually the paradigm is overthrown by another , based on a different metaphysic and the process continues with no real growth in knowledge .
the growth had been very surprising to the older staid and traditional churches in the area .
there was a steady growth in tourism in the 80s and 90s .
he could not visualise the new hierarchy of law enforcement , imposed after the eu exit , enjoying the same growth of respect in the future .
although , recently , the growth in the stock price has been negative . ''
the walled city was rebuilt over the next twenty years and has enjoyed prosperity and growth in the 19th and 20th centuries .
the eta enjoyed periods of growth followed by severe crackdowns by authorities when their actions upset the sensibilities of the nation .
hiv does nt meet farrs law of exponential growth , there is no cluster pattern for it , it does nt cause infection in every body it inhabits , and aids does nt conform to the first epidemiological law of viral and microbial diseases .
most of all i hope that the relationship between julia & ronni creates growth & increase in wisdom for julia along with restoration from guilt on julias part somehow .
i was uneasy with the rumours and unhappy with the growth of the army and the number of weapons , but that 's all .
i m here to ask a few questions about your financials , i said rapidly , sales , growth projections , that kind of thing .
what we must observe and prepare for is the growth of the controlled to the point where the controllers can no longer restrain them .
he tried to evade all the questions related to the actual reasons behind the growth and when one of the reporters quizzed him further , he left the conference at once .
mr . darwin believes that natural population growth always exceeds the food available to sustain it .
the invention of the internet and the growth of us federal grants in the form of free money .
the last three months had seen exponential growth .
` ` because the median age of our readers is fifty - plus , and the growth in readers in their twenties is almost zero .
but there 's not a lot of room for growth at the district .
official name : fictional republic of halida capital : arborton area : 12,285 square kilometers population : 211,637 population growth rate : 0.249 percent most populated community : arborton least populated community : tucket urban distribution : 27 percent rural distribution : 73 percent languages : english , spanish , latin religious affiliations : 54 percent catholic , 44 percent protestant , 2 percent others male life expectancy : not available female life expectancy : not available infant mortality rate : not available male literacy rate : 98.2 percent female literacy rate : 96.1 percent major trade partners : japan , spain , singapore , united states .
she said , and just for that ill say growth will be three percent .
sometimes they need seed money , sometimes growth or expansion .
nine oclock , and with the great room packed to the doors , roger started with a general report and some slides showing the overall progress in operations during the year in various categories , everything from growth in employment numbers to growth in actual revenues .
nine oclock , and with the great room packed to the doors , roger started with a general report and some slides showing the overall progress in operations during the year in various categories , everything from growth in employment numbers to growth in actual revenues .
he particularly outlined the growth in vended it services , and gave laura all the credit for the new direction windmere had taken along with its more traditional lines of service .
it shows once again an alarming growth in human population within the last year two hundred and fifty thousand over the critical figure of fifteen billion humans that our planet is capable of sustaining .
he wanted to get to know her he had said , and intellectually , she had to agree that going slowly was wise , but that did n't seem to slow the growth of her desire for him .
growth in any area brings competition in business , and the competitors of stone hardware and home supply would be knocking on your door sooner or later , whether or not they were one of the anchor stores in our development , trent said .
a well - run , well - managed organization with steady growth , their claim to fame was innovative tools and home improvement products sold exclusively at handymans .
without memories , there was no passage of time , no change , no growth .
i was conflicted : curious at this growth in their trust , but needing to know what he 'd seen , and where he 'd touched her .
she 'd doubted he could love her but there had been growth in their relationship or so she 'd thought .
in the years since the start - up of parties , her business had experienced steady growth and , according to julia , there was huge potential for the future as long as they were judicious about their finances and their expansion plans .
the big nordic ski development outside town was probably responsible for much of the growth that sprawled even outside the city limits .
` ` we did a study on small towns that have shown substantial growth over the last five years .
is it any wonder californians are moving up in droves , attracted by the area 's economic growth , the lure of pure fresh air and beautiful clean waters ?
if growth continues in this vein , our schools will soon be overcrowded , our homes so overpriced that no one except those from out of state will be able to afford housing - and that 's only if they can find it .
factories create jobs and economic growth that our state badly needs .
our population here exhibits a gratifying growth of late , with the addition of some twenty families since last i wrote .
i 'd thought that maybe since population growth had been so fast , there were more people alive than all the dead combined .