` ` i 'd give you a high five , but i ' m pretty sure i have jam or ... . something all over me .
` ` fixing me some jam and biscuits .
it was at least 3 layers of dark chocolate fudge cake , with apricot jam and chocolate ganache between the layers , and dark chocolate glaze on top .
chapter 11 mandi ate breakfast with a big appetite , enjoying the fresh baked croissants , homemade jams , and fresh fruit that were laid out on the table .
a moment later , a tray of honey , strawberry and blackberry jam , more butter and some orange marmalade was set by the warm plate and a cup of coffee on the other side .
` ` yep , '' he said and piled a plate high with eggs , sausage , biscuits , jam and a mount of fruit .
they tasted prize - winning jams and jellies at local fairs named after fruits and small woodland creatures , went tubing at a river festival , and held hands during an outdoor play .
on the left was a table with plates and i grabbed one , loading it with food : figs stewed in tea , some sort of concoction with grapefruit , fresh rolls , and homemade jam .
` ` she wins points for making and selling her own jam .
i spread some of the gooseberry jam over a fresh roll and i moaned at the explosion of flavor .
` ` i 'll have the chil i jam prawns . ''
` ` chil i jam is more spicy than hot , '' erin informed him .
help yourself to a pastry or a scone with strawberry jam and cream .
her gaze skated distractedly over a selection of small danish pastries with fillings of glazed fruit - apricot , apple , peach - the plate of scones beside dishes of cream and strawberry jam .
having cut the scone in half , liz was conscientiously spooning strawberry jam and cream onto her plate when her ragged nerves received another jolt .
totally mortified by the tide of heat that rushed up her neck again , liz focused hard on transferring the jam and cream to the halved scone .
a waiter came around with a tray offering replenishments but they shook their heads , knowing there was so much more to taste - fruit cake , scones with and without raisins and an assortment of spreads ; strawberry and rose petal jam , clotted cream , a strawberry mousse and tangy passionfruit .
she twists her body and reaches out to the little cupboard under the drawers of her bedside cabinet and takes out a jar of strawberry jam and a spoon .
she unscrews the lid and feeds herself a spoonful of jam .
how can you eat jam for breakfast ? '
i bite into a buttered cream and jam filled scone ravenously .
' it gets better after a while , ' she consoles unconvincingly , and launches into a monologue about how she and her husband have jam sandwiches every night while they are watching tv .
despite a penchant for innocuous jam sandwiches , rosa turns out to be a hair nazi .
see you in twenty minutes , ' i say and after putting a jar of blackberry jam , two tins of biscuits , and a box of fancy chocolates into my bag , leave the apartment .
i dig into my bag and fetch the jar of blackberry jam .
' posh jam ?
' wow , you get to have awful sex and i get to go to america and eat jam from harrods .
she spoons more jam .
' i 'll take the free trip and i 'll take the jam , but i ' m not taking the money . '
i stand up and make myself a jam sandwich .
the way they feel about crushing us is the way you feel about killing a row of ants heading towards your jam jar . '
' bill , you ca n't survive on leftover pizza , jam , and chocolates , you know . '
there is no talk about jam sandwiches consumed in front of the tv or a clever son who is in art school , only a silent , ruthless dedication to bald skin .
' i remember , you like jam and i bring you two extra bottles . '
i take the bottles of jam out of my rucksack and stuff them into the back of sorab 's pram and billie grins .
i butter it , spread a thin layer of jam , bring it to my mouth , and realize i will be sick if it passes my lips .
jam donuts are my most favorite thing in the whole wide world .
at the sugar - dusted layer and the lovely reddened bit where you can see where they have piped in the jam .
the rough grains of sugar , the thin fried skin , the deliciously doughy bit beneath , and finally , the sticky squirt of sweet jam on my tongue .
she picks up the phone and orders breakfast : a bowl of jam and a glass of pineapple juice .
a hotel staff comes in with a tray of billie 's bowl of jam , a teaspoon and a glass of juice .
billie has a sip of her juice and lifts the dome to expose her bowl of jam .
lifting the spoon she starts spooning jam into her mouth as she walks to the bed .
it never ceases to amaze me , no matter how many times i see it - billie polishing off a bowl of jam for breakfast .
i never thought a human being could exist on jam , chocolates , and pizza .
finger sandwiches , scones , cream , raspberry jam , cakes .
and a jar of homemade jam - margie fontenot , the late mayor 's widow , makes the best jam in the state .
she used to work at the farm during the season , selling jams and jellies and the wreaths she made . ''
* * * katherine heard the front door close as she put toast , jam , and a glass of orange juice on a tray .
normally , bentner would have beamed approvingly at the pretty portrait the girls made , but this morning , as he put out butter and jam , he had grim news to impart and a confession to make .
` ` strawberry or grape jam ? ''
charlie spread a thin layer of her mom 's homemade strawberry jam on jake 's sandwich then added a handful of chips to both plates before carrying them over to the table .
after spreading some jam onto the pre - buttered toast , i bit off a piece , and licked my lips .
he plucked the jar of grape jam from my hand and poured the contents all over my br**sts .
` ` rye , you know i ' m not trying to clam jam .
it was really raspberry rhubarb jam , but it had been made and packaged by a small pennsylvania dutch company called ` ` dingleberry 's . ''
little cookies with jam thumbprints , and perfect , tiny macarons .
as i tasted a spoon full of apricot jam on a slice of rustic bread , the woman glanced over at trevor , a few feet behind me , and said , ` ` how long have you two been dating ? ''
i bought some of the apricot jam and some honey as well .
i wondered if she 'd been complimenting my date to get me to buy more of her food , but the jam was so good , and a line was forming behind me , so i was sure she did n't need to .
i can see that she 's already managed to smear jam over the entire front of her pinafore .
the blueberry , boysenberry jam , vanilla , licorice , chocolate , truffle , earth and smoke scream from the glass , do n't they ? ''
` ` your secret is safe with me , '' i whispered back as i picked up a little jam and cheese tartlet .
sloane smiled and grabbed a cracker topped with jam from the plate .
randolph the butler appears from a side door with a tray of toasts and jam .
is death by boysenberry jam a real diagnosis ?
pass the jam would you ? ''
probably the breathing on my face smelling faintly of jam , but regardless , i now understand why horror movies with children in them are , without a doubt , the most terrifying films of all .
fresh bread and homemade strawberry jam . ''
i managed to pull together a feast of toasted bagels , cream cheese , strawberry jam , and fresh blueberries in heavy cream .
i gathered myself and used my knife to smear jam on top of my cream cheese .
i spread some strawberry jam on the croissant and take a bite , surprised to find that it 's warm and flaky and just about melts in my mouth .
she started coming in and out of the room , setting the table , bringing in plates , silverware , syrup , butter , jam .
davie whisked toast onto her plate and shoved a jar of jam across the surface of the table .
` ` you seem a bit out of sorts , '' the housekeeper consoled as she bustled about , pouring hot water into two cups and then arranging some items onto a silver platter : two scones , an exquisite silver spoon and knife , two crisp white cloth napkins , devonshire cream , and jam dolloped into gorgeous china finger bowls .
nothing like a scone with cream and jam to jump you out of a bad mood . ''
but leave it to one of mrs . hanson 's teas to get my appetite going again , '' she said , eyeing the scones , danish , sweet cream , and fresh jam on the tiered porcelain serving dish .
gabriel told her the night before he wanted something nice and simple so she was to prepare eggs over - easy , toast with strawberry jam and bacon .
doing as he requested , i made a call for room service and ordered a light meal that consisted of bread with a side of assorted jams , a fruit plate with a side of cream , different selections of cheeses , orange juice , cheese omelet , and a pot of coffee .
the suburbs around us thin and eventually disappear , making way for fields and brush and the occasional gas station , fast food joint , or kitschy shop promising ` ` homemade '' jam and fresh pecans .
i knock on the door jam and stand there , the huge purse making me feel even more obvious and awkward .
` ` peach jam .
specifically your mom 's peach jam . ''
a beat of silence , then , ` ` i ' m not smearin ' jam on you .
he 'd rather jam sticks in his ears than listen to geriatric foreplay .
he followed her and leaned against the jam as he watched her undress .
` ` jelly , jam , or butter ? ''
you have toe jam ? ''
personally , she liked the idea of it being toe jam better , but at least now she understood what he really was .
in the kitchen , i see ansel has left me breakfast : a fresh baguette , butter , jam , and fruit .
there was bread , italian cheeses , salami and prosciutto , grapes and fig jam , and bottles of italian wine .
she looked away from him and busied herself putting together a breakfast plate from what was on the table - bread , fresh butter , jam , and sliced bacon - the chewy , round kind .
none of it matched , and the glasses were old jam jars , and the centerpieces were hand - picked blue asters and clover floating in mismatched pottery bowls , and clary thought it was the prettiest wedding she 'd ever seen .
my gaze immediately drops to her tank top , a faded pearl jam album cover printed on the front of it .
` ` do you know who loves raspberry jam ? ''
i collect the two jars of raspberry jam from the box .
` ` raspberry jam . ''
` ` i love raspberry jam . ''
she may be a thousand years old , but she makes an incomparable jam tart .
* * * when tessa came into the dining room , the others were already midway through breakfast - charlotte in a plain gray dress , spreading jam onto a piece of toast ; henry half - hidden behind a newspaper ; and jessamine picking daintily at a bowl of porridge .
dermot loved plum jam , and i had a jar made by maxine fortenberry , holly 's future mother - in - law .
diana glanced up from her crackers and jam .
` ` the day you have a good idea will be the day i eat fairy toe jam . ''
i longed for lazy - lover weekends of braiding each other 's hair and slow roasting tiny , succulent creatures over an open fire while reciting poetry about figs and jam .
i leaned against the door jam and tucked my hands into my jeans pockets , a goofy smile on my face , content to watch him .
he braced himself on the door jam , leaning into me .
i asked , leaning my hip against the jam and hooking my thumbs in my jeans pocket .
maria leaned against the jam and watched me quietly .
i lifted my leg , bracing my hands on the porch supports , and slammed the sole of my shoe against the door near the jam .
i was salivating by the time i bit into a biscuit dripping with butter and raspberry jam .
he asked me a lot about australia , and we sat for about half an hour comparing the differences in words from the two countries , like jam versus jelly and sweater versus jumper .
selecting a small brioche loaf from flora 's bounty , alice cut a few slices and opened a glossy jar of strawberry jam , adorned with a sheet of red - polka - dot paper and a matching ribbon .
a stand of scones and jam had already been placed in the center of the table .
as i spread jam onto the crumbling scone , i took in the princess and duchess through my eyelashes .
then she set down a bowl of grits , two jars of what looked like homemade jam , and two pitchers of orange juice .
my mood has been swinging like a pendulum as of late , so it does n't surprise me that i ' m all over the place - eating cherry garcia one minute and rolling my head seductively to the rhythm of pearl jam the next .
he spins me around and bashes my face into the door jam .
but , now that i ' m older , i see that even with my hair covered in powdered sugar , my naked body coated with raspberry jam as if a baking massacre just occurred - cole still very much wants to see me like this .
my stomach grumbled slightly as i scanned the contents of the cupboards , before walking over to fridge and pulling out the loaf of bread that was sitting in the corner of the top shelf , along with 4 eggs and the jar of strawberry jam .
i heard adrian yawn loudly just as i finished spreading jam on one of the cooked toast , and turned around to find him staring at me with a sleepy smirk .
local farmers and businesses set up tents and tables to display everything from fresh seasonal flowers to jellies and jams and handmade crafts .
we nod and wave at the people we know , and lo buys a jar of huckleberry jam before we walk closer to the stage .
and jam .
nirvana , sound garden , pearl jam .
` ` just that , '' i reply , and spread strawberry jam on a toasted english muffin .
it was finished with regan 's special trifle which had more custard , more cream , less jam and more cake than any trifle callum had eaten .
this was accompanied by a toast caddy of four half - diamonds of perfectly toasted toast and three small bowls , one of butter , one of strawberry jam and one of orange marmalade .
there was a bakery with jam donuts , cookies and pastries displayed in its window , a peek inside showing different loaves of bread and rolls on wire racks behind a heated counter filled with warm savories .
in the cupboards there were pots of jam .
and last , they brought me breakfast which was croissants , jam , fruit and , thankfully , coffee .
` ` spit it out , abigail , we do n't have all day , '' mrs . truman asked then bit into a sugar - coated jam donut , consuming at least a quarter in one bite .
fenella was biting into an enormous scone filled with clotted cream and jam .
abby spooned jam on her scone and glanced from cassandra to fenella .
abby 's hand froze and the jam slipped from her spoon back into the pot .
cassandra 's eyes went from the jam to abby .
` ` but , '' abby began then looked back to her scone and jam , clearing her throat , ` ` i did n't ... that is to say , i ' m happy to pay you , i just did n't - '' ` ` i work for mrs . truman .
sorry , '' he mumbled , letting go of her hand , his eyes on the jam .
angus slopped an enormous spoonful of jam on his scone but his head turned to look at cassandra and his loud voice had gone quiet when he replied , ` ` that i am , lass . ''
abby looked at angus , who had straightened and was consuming his scone , unabashedly getting cream and jam all over his mouth .
or , she wanted to say something about wanting a pot of jam or a sugar bowl on the table , because at the very least she took sugar in her coffee , not to mention her oatmeal .
she had n't wasted any time ; there was a sugar bowl , a butter dish and three pots of jam on the table .
now , her hair had some of its lustre back and she sat eating a stack of toast slathered with butter and jam .
` ` you said that i could decide what the children were to eat , '' she looked down at the pots of jam .
all sign of sugar bowl , butter and jam was away the next morning at the breakfast table .
it was filled with plates carrying plain , almond and chocolate croissants , a selection of marmalades and jams sitting in little china bowls , a piece of butter moulded into a fleur de lis , a crystal bowl filled with sliced melon and strawberries , a silver coffeepot and two delicate china cups , two stemmed glasses filled with orange juice , a folded newspaper and even a slim crystal vase holding a single red rose .
it was jam packed .
as they were all relaxing over their scones , clotted cream and jam , sibyl was staring out the window with rapt attention .
mikey muttered , staring with curiosity at the jam selection .
mikey asked the jam selection .
then the toast popped up , she whirled around , snatched it from the toaster , began slathering it with butter and asked , ` ` would you get the jam out of the fridge , please ? ''
` ` it 's jelly - jelly , like jam , without the bits in . ''
then , like an adolescent with attention deficit disorder ( in other words , per usual ) , his eyes focused on the pots of jam and he asked , ` ` can someone pass me that marmalade ?
since i did n't want to get kidnapped again and yesterday had beaten out the day i called the ticket line and found out pearl jam was sold out as the worst day of my life , i said , ` ` okay . ''
it was after that stella and the gypsies started the ` ` jessica '' jam .
now i could stand in front of a heaving crowd of hundreds of people playing ram jam 's ` ` black betty '' .
and then , through giving it to mace , i gave them pearl jam 's epical y beautiful bal ad , ` ` black '' .
i set down both drinks then bit into a piece of toast and stifled a moan as the raspberry jam hit my tongue .
` ` jam ? ''
grabbing an extra piece of toast , she reached for the jam and went to join the men at the table .
she added some jam to her toast and waited for him to bark at her for saying such a hurtful thing .
she dropped a piece of jam on her chest .
and then she grinned , took her ungloved hand and wiped the jam with her finger , slowly dipping it into her mouth .
hunter swore and glared at her empty seat , as well as the jam that sat next to her plate .
she retrieved a bottle of strawberry jam and a slab of butter from the ` ` two - door refrigerator , '' which was apparently a cooling closet for food .
i would ' ve preferred some toast with jam and butter , but i was n't in a particularly picky mood .
i just smiled as i dabbed butter and strawberry jam over my french toast .
i quietly stared at the piece of toast i just dabbed with jam and butter before finally admitting something that 'd been bugging me .
` ` jam and butter on toast ... you never get tired of it , '' he noted , as i took a bite of my favorite breakfast .
as i dabbed butter and jam over my piece of toast , i smiled , recalling the time i popped a piece of my breakfast into derek 's mouth .
he yanked the bread out of the toaster , slapped on butter and jam , then dropped the plates out on the breakfast counter where he 'd already put two cups of coffee .
he reached out and slid his thumb across her cheek , straight to her mouth , at which point sophie shocked both of them by sucking the sticky pad of his thumb between her lips and licking off the jam .
hell , he 'd even been around when the guys in togas and sandals had been doing their jam , and whatever was coming from between her lips ?
` ` what flavor jam am i ? ''
` ` what flavor jam do you want to be ? ''
` ` not raspberry jam . ''
mixed fruit jam is yucky . ''
` ` you like strawberry jam , do n't you ? ''
` ` i love strawberry jam . ''
the next morning i was too nervous to eat , but calliope made me swallow a piece of toast covered in strawberry jam anyhow .
yours simply had books , most of them from college , while mine was overrun by souvenir thimbles purchased by my preteen self , compact discs that had been orphaned from their cases , mugs from colleges attended by forgotten friends , and jam jars of quarters ( just in case , for some reason , i had to quickly launder everything we owned ) .
i spread a pretzel cracker with goat cheese and a dab of jam .
the glass plates and silverware are followed by empty jars of jam and wrappers of cheese .
it was around the time you got together with jam ... '' she realized that saying his name was going to hurt me and stopped for a second .
butter and jam for the bread , and best of all , honey .
elizabeth found a gigantic soup pot half full of thick beef and barley soup , a huge loaf of bread , and jars of five different flavors of jam to go with the bread .
` ` now i have tea here , and plenty of toast with jam and butter , and a bit of sausage .
you look like you got into my pantry and ate all of my jam . ''
there was bread and jam , weak tea with sugar and plenty of milk , and a small portion of seedcake .
isabella smeared jam onto a piece of toast .
ainsley loved cake , and the confections of many thin layers separated with chocolate or jam or sugar syrup satisfied her soul .
cake smooth as butter , with raspberry jam between the first two layers and luscious chocolate glaze dripping down the sides . ''
i bet you have truly wonderful teas , with cakes and buns , with lots of butter and jam . ''
` ` miss evans makes us take our tea very weak , with no milk or sugar , and only a bit of plain bread , no jam or even butter . ''
peter had eaten breakfast at their kitchen table more times than emma could count , and while he talked with her parents , she 'd passed him the butter and filled his water glass and teased him for getting jam on his face .
the toast was burned and hadley got jam on her sweatshirt and when she drove the car to the drugstore to pick up a mini bottle of shampoo , it began to rain and one of the windshield wipers broke and she ended up waiting at the gas station for nearly forty - five minutes behind a guy who did n't know how to check his own oil .
peanut butter and strawberry jam .
` ` i take it you 're not one of those bachelors who 's handy in the kitchen , '' she remarked as she spread blueberry jam on her waffle .
she bought the necessities - coffee , milk , bread , eggs , butter , sugar , flour , salt and pepper , as well as some fruit , mayonnaise , blueberry jam , and ice cream .
growing hungrier by the minute , she opened the package of bread , spread butter on two slices , then looked at the container of jam .
after several tries , she managed to get it open and she spread a thick coat of jam on the bread .
kelly spread jam on her toast .
i served the wine and added it to the tray with our hors d'oeuvres : crackers , a warm brie spread , and apricot jam mixed with hot peppers .
i still had some of my grandmother 's plum jam to spread on it , and i tried not to be melancholy every time i used it .
no point in letting good jam go to waste .
the coffee was great , the toast delicious spread with blueberry jam .
the burden of breaking the jam rested entirely with me .
oh - and pearl jam called .
calling in a tray , he stacked it with the plates , silverware , the butter dish , and a jar of marian 's jam .
lucivar spread jam on his toast .
kermilla spread jam over her toast in a fussy manner and did n't look at him .
` ` julien , bring another pot of coffee , '' kermilla said , not looking at either man as she continued to spread the jam on the toast .
a little serving dish of fruit jam .
splitting two rolls so they formed pockets , she handed one to gray before spreading a thin layer of jam inside the other and filling it with scrambled eggs .
gray stuffed the roll with scrambled eggs , then smeared a little jam on part of the roll .
` ` my mother and i like the jam with the eggs .
shira carefully spread some jam on a piece of toast .
steak , scrambled eggs , and thick pieces of toasted bread spread with butter and some of the berry jam she 'd made .
farm in iowa where i could grow my own salads and put up jars of jam and beans for us to survive the hard , lean winter ?
yum , blackberry jam .
instantly my mind dreamed up a vision of hank naked in bed , with a nice big bagel around his- ` ` toast with jam is good , though .
i like jam , '' he said , bringing me back from my daydreams .
` ` jam is good . ''
then i flipped on every light in the place and turned on pearl jam .
` ` all 's fair in love and pastry , '' he said , swiping a drop of raspberry jam from the edge of his mouth .
could someone please arrive and jam ice picks in her ears ?
she grinned at him and pulled out some strawberry jam and darjeeling tea .
` ` remember when we rented that safari cabin for a weekend and at our picnic lunch i painted most of that bare skin of yours with guava jam , then i licked you clean ? ''
* * * jose dreamed of guava jam and stella .
not that i ' m complaining about the picnic , mind you , i have a permanent love of guava jam . ''
we 'll get home , indulge in a full week of jam and tantric sex ... '' ` ` stop , stella . ''
the smell of syrupy jam clung to her skin and he just wanted to roll her underneath him and make love again .
he dropped her braid and scratched his collarbone , itchy from more than jam .
` ` i brought peanut butter and jam sandwiches , too , '' she bartered through clenched teeth .
` ` blackberry jam .
she could spit out excuses until sunrise , jam layer after layer of bricks between them , and it would n't change his course .
` ` mama , '' indio said with great patience as he put down his bread and jam , ` ` did n't you hear me ?
indio swallowed a big bite of his bread and jam .
the boy was eating a biscuit smeared liberally with jam and seemed quite all right .
` ` but miss goodfellow has been so kind as to consent to give me the secret to her jam tartlets . ''
artemis climbed down carefully , for she held apollo 's breakfast in her hands : tea , bread thickly spread with butter and jam , and a huge dish of coddled eggs .
he spooned out a huge blob of strawberry jam from an earthen jar , plopping it on a slice of already buttered bread , and folded the bread around the gooey middle .
he paused to take a slurping gulp of tea before covering the bread with jam .
alf 's bread was all ready , jam running out of the pinched sides , but he just stared at it .
alf dug his dirty fingers into the folded bread until red jam oozed out .
alf snorted , finally picking up his messy bread and jam .
in fact , i would very much like a fish pie ... and perhaps some scones with gooseberry jam .
` ` godric , we ca n't just ask cook to make fish pies and go in search of gooseberry jam on a whim . ''
and gooseberry jam . ''
together they turned to go into the house in search of fish pie and gooseberry jam .
winter bent his head and smelled jam and boy sweat .
on the other side of the room , relative quiet reigned as the babies who could just walk intently painted the wall with more porridge and what looked like jam .
` ` and eggs and ham and bread and jam , '' jamie recited .
` ` and you ' ve bought eggs and ham and bread and jam . ''
she watched him worriedly as he placed the bread and jam beside the ham .
besides the jam , ham , bread , and eggs , she 'd purchased tea , a lovely brown - glazed teapot , butter , four nice round apples , a bunch of carrots , a wedge of creamy yellow cheese , and a herring .
soon they all sat down to a meal of tea , buttered bread , jam , apples , and cheese .
jamie sat across from him , his elbows flat on the table , a slice of bread with jam between his hands .
he had jam smeared on either side of his face .
there was jam on the table in front of him as well .
` ` bring in some marmalade or jam , '' alistair instructed the footman sotto voce .
no jam or honey for your buns , i see . ''
unlike you , i do n't much care for jam . ''
` ` perhaps i was hungry for my marmalade jam . ''
it 's covered with jam . ''
the taste of coffee and jam laced his tongue as it took its sweet time playing with hers .
his pearl jam t - shirt was fitted , one side of it tucked into his dark jeans .
spike wiped his forehead with the back of his arm and leaned heavily on my door jam .
` ` a little blackberry or redberry jam and this would be incredible . ''
i ate three rolls with redberry jam and a glass of milk .
he put a bit of jam on it before handing the piece to me .
` ` none that i ' ve run across , '' he buttered his breakfast roll before spreading it liberally with fresh - made jam .
you could dust it lightly with confectioner 's sugar if you wanted - i preferred mine with a bit of fresh jam .
it was n't the first time a guy had complimented me on it and i still could n't decide if it was because it was vintage pearl jam or if it was because it was tight across my br**sts .
` ` gio 's pizza : the best pizza in chicago , reese 's peanut butter cups , the white sox , pearl jam , silversun pickups , bob dylan , the smiths , my pickup , my mom and dad and maybe luke too . ''
i ' m not dating a girl who has not listened to pearl jam .
` ` uh , one , there are a lot , and two , it 's pearl jam .
` ` never listened to pearl jam , '' he muttered , incredulous .
claudia had said i was tired and lowe had responded by telling her to ask me to wear my pearl jam t - shirt next time i came out with them .
` ` the pearl jam shirt .
jake introduced me to pearl jam and was delighted when i fell in love with eddie vedder 's voice , their sound , and their stories .
i know that he ca n't start the day without black coffee , that he texts his brother every day about random stuff as an excuse to check in with him , i know he treats listening to pearl jam like a religious experience , and i know that when he sleeps on his back , he snores .
i studied jake for a reaction as she reached out and touched the iron fist logo on his pearl jam shirt .
the entire left side of my face looked like someone had smacked me with grape and strawberry jam .
` ` i was in charge of putting jam into those little individual serving dishes everyone had , '' she returned .
not painstakingly filling little cups with jam .
he groped in the pocket of his coat and pulled out a small pot of jam .
strawberry jam .
with the sugar rationing , she had n't tasted jam in ... ' he 's a great help , ' her mother put in stoutly , determined to keep the conversation on a proper plane despite her daughter 's peculiar behaviour .
the rattle and bustle of the tea tray 's arrival gave her the opportunity to drop her cloth facade , and she meekly accepted a slice of toast spread with a thin scrape of margarine and a delectable spoonful of the strawberry jam .
even roger relaxed with the introduction of jam .
a sharp - faced , spare - framed woman , her figure belied her skill , for within minutes , a huge , savoury omelet was laid before them , garnished with liberal amounts of bread and butter , and a small pot of jam .
her fingers were cool ; her hands smelled of herbs and red - currant jam , and the faint hint of ammonia and lanolin from the dyed wool she was knitting .
` ` a lot later , '' her husband remarked , spooning jam onto his plate .
or might she just rest peacefully under the huckleberry jam and the sacks of dried beans until spring ?
they sat in silence , hands linked , until the door opened and arthur - now fully dressed - sidled in with a tray the size of a card table , laden with bacon , sausages , kidneys , kippers , shirred eggs in butter , grilled mushrooms and tomatoes , toast , jam , marmalade , a huge pot of fragrantly steaming tea , bowls of sugar and milk - and a covered dish which he set ceremoniously before hal , this proving to be filled with a sort of nasty thin gruel .
mr . bodley was already tottering toward them under the weight of a tea tray laden with seedcake , sponge cake , strawberry jam , marmalade , hot buttered crumpets in a basket wrapped in white linen , scones , clotted cream , almond biscuits , sardines on toast , a pot of beans baked with bacon and onion , a plate of sliced ham with gherkins , a bottle of brandy with two glasses , and - perhaps as an afterthought - a steaming teapot with two china cups and saucers alongside .
he took a scone and spread it desultorily with jam .
hot tea , hot buttered toast , jam sandwiches , and cake ...
the tea was now laid out in the parlor , an appetizing array of grilled finnan haddie , scotch eggs , toast with marmalade , and scones with jam and clotted cream , accompanying an enormous pot of strong black tea .
ian chipped in , sticking a finger in the jam .
` ` i may die tomorrow , or not for a year , '' ian said frankly , over jam bread and tea , hastily magicked out of the kitchen to sustain the weary travelers until supper should be ready .
there were a great many people crammed into the parlor , for the announcement that had brought forth bread and jam had also caused every inhabitant of lallybroch to come boiling out of its rooms and recesses , thundering down the stairs in their anxiety to greet and reclaim their prodigal .
the odors were so strong that i nearly missed the hints of baby powder , shampoo and strawberry jam in the air .
so let 's just jam , huh ? ''
do you save jam jars and string too ? '
tanzie had six small packets of cereal , two bananas , and a jam sandwich that she 'd made out of toasted white bread .
' then i will save a jam jar full for you , my dear madame .
our own supper had been a slice of black bread , spread thinly with jam and accompanied by some boiled beetroot .
i would sit outside a cafe in le marais and drink coffee and eat a plate of warm croissants with unsalted butter and strawberry jam . '
` ` you like pearl jam ? ''
olivia tried to close the door again , but cam put his hand on the jam , preventing her from closing it all the way .
when it would n't give , he took a deep breath and kicked the door jam , forcing the door open .
he lifted a spoonful of the cake that was filled with whipped cream , nuts , and some kind of jam .
a jam sandwich and a glass of sour - tasting milk , tom replied seriously .
she then stepped behind shanks keyboard , and suddenly the room was filled with the sound of a hammond b-3 organ , which kicked the jam into overdrive .
every month , we met to jam at ducks and propose ways to spend my treasure .
as he released the chord it stayed open for a breath and then slid shut again , knocking against the metal bar laid by the jam before it could seal closed .
i cook up pikelets and eat them with lashings of raspberry jam and chase them down with steaming hot chocolate .
hardly had he calmed down , when he noticed a pot of strawberry jam standing at the upper shelf .
the organ had been stewed and strained by zarius on asifs stove , producing a fiery red fluid with the consistency of runny , plum jam .
not the store bought kind , but glass mason jars of jams , jellies , fruit , and every conceivable vegetable one might grow in a home garden .
jack grabbed the gun , and then followed them close as jam to a piece of buttered bread .
i see a diner in your future , and jam .
the idea was this : he should make a jam sandwich , and then if he was feeling adventurous eat it .
oprah and calvin had been shopping the day before and dave had asked for jam specifically to suit this craving .
upon his inspection of the fridge , dave had found a large jar of raspberry jam on the top shelf .
i m the jam .
i definitely never made friends with a jar of jam , he droned , dreaming that he was asleep and hoping that he was anything less than fully aware .
because my being a jar of talking jam from the present was completely understandable up until the point when time - travel and the future got involved , was it ?
the jam did nt know everything .
yes , the jam replied bluntly , something jam infrequently does .
yes , the jam replied bluntly , something jam infrequently does .
but to become talking jam , you must have been a talking fruit at some point , right ?
the jam looked down at dave in his humble simplicity , if ever an eyeless being could look down , which they evidently could , and did so more frequently than any being which could actually look down .
what were you before you became jam ?
i do nt think i ve become jam yet .
well you ve already believed that i m talking jam .
the jam laughed .
i am a human now and will be a human in the future , but became jam when i travelled back in time .
i became jam in the past ; that s all you need to know for now .
a portable body is nt the important thing when you have a brilliant mind , the jam said .
oh , bless his little cotton socks , the jam blasphemed .
its based on a legend , the jam explained .
returning to my original point , the jam said , why have you made me into a sandwich ?
the jam thought about this for some time .
its knowledge covered much of the history of glix , most of which had been made up during the time the jam had been learning it .
the jam asked .
the jam asked excitedly .
the jam asked , with both parties well in the knowledge that dave was nt aware of such a fact .
dave , i m a jam sandwich .
but thank you anyway , said dave to the jam .
dave sealed the plastic box , semi - hoping that this would prevent the jam sandwich from being able to communicate with him , but half - thinking that this would nt be the case and full - knowing it would be a far duller trip with no - one to talk to .
the jam in his bag advised dave to look for the oak tree , but was understanding that the alien would wish to see the other parts of the foreign land .
dave , i do know who you are , the jam said .
the jam did nt answer .
like many jams , the jam in daves backpack had no eyes .
like many jams , the jam in daves backpack had no eyes .
then he talked to jar of jam about immortality and the future .
the glixns do nt really use the word bookworm , the jam explained .
i said never mind , the jam informed him , because i ca nt tell you when it happened .
dave was discovering more as the jam talked that any mention of time - related secrets made him feel very uncomfortable .
the jam was examining its surroundings and just about coming to the conclusion that it would be some time before the great oak tree was planted .
as such to avoid embarrassment ( and embarrassment came quite easily to a jam sandwich ) he kept quiet , not caring to insist upon daves travelling any more .
its quite common here , the jam informed him .
the jam confirmed for him that it was all right to read , as he would be drifting off in his own thoughts anyway , but could remain there for company .
then the jam said , i m not sure i was meant to say that .
the jam was nt quite sure how to answer .
how foolish i was ; jam is hardly ever a lunch food .
dave asked the jam at 11.74 haca .
okay , the jam acquiesced .
the jam was silent until he could take it no more .
i need you to be there when the acorn is merged with the jam sandwich .
its a jam sandwich .
he was beginning to question whether or not the jam could actually talk .
there had been a moment when dave mentioned to a colleague that the jam was talking to him .
as dave had been alphabetising a copy of judy palmders the star fish a revolutionary merger of sci - fi and folklore he heard a shout from the jam .
when dave and the jam opened the front door of the library to leave for the fez again , they were greeted by a small being .
4 : merge the jam sandwich with the great oak tree .
it contains a jam sandwich which holds the memory of one of historys greatest minds .
in order to travel between carpe yolu and the nekken cliff of bongve bong , dave , fred jr and the jam sandwich took the train from the england nekken - shins station to the bongve bong nekken - shins station via the bongve bong nord - shins station .
you are a prophet , are nt you , jam ?
its a jam sandwich i keep in my backpack .
i met the jam between two slices of bread .
why did oprah buy you the jam ?
the jam wo nt tell me what you meant by that .
dave said , the jam knows about this , but it wo nt tell me .
they all turned to look at the jam in the sandwich in the box in the bag in the seat on the bus .
mike , the jam and fred jr asked , though only mike asked vocally .
though i think you could have called it something better , the jam said .
i guess now i ve rescued mike and chastised you , i only need to focus on returning the jam to the great oak tree .
i have no way of getting to the rifts , i m in the process of taking mike home ( sorry again , mike ) and i m going to plant a jam sandwich under the great oak tree with dave .
outside , the space chicken , dave and the jam sandwich set back off walking into the great unknown : the rest of the universe , that which exists outside a home , or which acts as a home .
and hopefully i shall come across the great oak tree and you ll remember me , jam .
you do nt need to capitalise his name or pronouns , dave , the space chicken and the jam all said .
so , jam , what are you , exactly ?
a part splinters off and becomes some jam .
the space chicken , dave and the jam set off in the bold garf bong .
as the jam had no body and the space chicken no arms , dave had to steer and power the boat .
as dave had no knowledge of boats and the space chicken no care , the jam had to guide them .
no , it was me , the jam .
no , the jam .
dave stepped forward and placed the jam sandwich next to the sprout .
the jam was nt the only fruit .
is jam a fruit ?
chapter 61 the next day , dave , the space chicken , the great oak tree ( with jam ) , david gratton ii , clint , clein and old man tales awoke on top of the 5x5 metres square which made the roof of the fez .
merge the jam sandwich and the oak tree .
blurry confusion briefly preceded disappointment as she realized that her intended breakfast of bread and jam was impossible .
she left with empty plates and coffee pot and jars of jam and i waved goodbye .
part 15.5 by late morning , after a light breakfast of toast , jam and coffee , david announced that we were on our way to burlington .
like noah on the ark , they carried a huge genome supply as a lunch box or a first aid kit jam packed with dna .
when he noticed johnny watching him he handed him a plate piled high with eggs and with flapjacks smothered in raspberry jam , and pointed out a small table where they could all sit .
in the spare room upstairs , where mann had slept last night , he d seen the bottled fruit and jams shed put down too .
a better way to judge someone was whether or not they d jam an ice pick in your kidney if you looked at them the wrong way .
finally grace grabbed a filthy knife , still gooey at the end from some ancient jam or paste , ane jammed it into the side of the drawer lever until it popped free and the drawer flew out , hitting the floor and bouncing the contents out .
if he had hit the windshield his head would be colouring the inside of the car with pink jam .
she has orders from all over the federation for lyra sap and sherin fruit jams .
in one hand he held a cane , and the other was propped on the door jam .
the older woman was leaning against the jam .
whenever i m alone with you / you make me feel like i am whole again this is my jam .
no , violet says quote its my jam , not that this song is my jam he was clearly trying very hard not to burst into hysterical laughter , but alas , he could not suppress it .
no , violet says quote its my jam , not that this song is my jam he was clearly trying very hard not to burst into hysterical laughter , but alas , he could not suppress it .
you dancing with me to my jam in the middle of this beautifully lighted space is not the most romantic thing you ve ever done for me .
sam let the tears flow as she witnessed the jars of jam she and her grandma had made with help from mom .
shelf after shelf , will inspected the stores of food , from candied yams to raspberry jam and pickled venison .
mister mayor , said chief records officer jennifer park as she leaned her shoulder on the thick mahogany door jam .
the wooden door jam sizzled and smoke oozed from the blackened hole where colts head had once been .
hash browns , mango juice and toast with butter and loganberry jam . ''
` ` remember us telling you about some of the other people we know who still grow fresh vegetables and make jams and such ?
i was nt crazy about sniffing amys toe jam , but it was nt the time for protest .
she rubs the glob of stuff that smells remarkably like orange jam until it covers most of my upper arm and shoulder , then wipes her hands off on her uniform .
they head straight for the pub where they stumble upon jam shandy , perpetual drunk and captain of the little tub of fun .
hugo defeats the beast and , he and jam and the rest of the crew , head towards the centre of sid 's plan , only to arrive to find brick and spiritwind already victorious .
brick , spiritwind , dandara foxley , bettina slade , the magwanvu , bobby dazzler and jam shandy all looked back at him , more confused than a gang of pythons in a shoe shop .
i ignored the table , found a muffin and slathered it with jam , wandering the room as i ate while cullen remained at the table with a full plate .
i licked jam from my fingers .
but her most creative pieces came in the form of our supper dishes , my favourite comprising of tinned pilchards on a bed of instant mash soaked in a thick succulent sauce made from reduced canned apricot jam .
in early june paul and francine returned from sweden with head colds and jars of lingonberry jam and fish balls for denise .
francine gave the swedish fish balls and lingonberry jam to the wife , who eyed them -- paul , francine and the jars -- suspiciously and said that jam and fish made her break out in spots but thanks anyhow .
francine gave the swedish fish balls and lingonberry jam to the wife , who eyed them -- paul , francine and the jars -- suspiciously and said that jam and fish made her break out in spots but thanks anyhow .
we launch olive and peer over the side using empty jam jars .
i have mine with lashings of butter and jam , spit out the weevils when he 's not looking , then wash it down with lots of milky tea .
our sunday jam session is classical , which we all really enjoy .
an folks say it ai n't right ta ' have addware , but i said , soon as i seen that bugger in the rhine with this thing nailed ta ' his face , i said boys , rip ' er outta him and jam an ' jam ' er in me .
maize meal was ground and stored in sacks , vegetables were pickled , fruits became jams and barrels of flour for bread were stocked up .
the hands dirty with strawberry jam are below their standards !
she groaned as the sound of cracking wood came from the door jam .
gronto felt brain jam at what he was hearing .
there was jam and buttered toast on the table .
mike sat down at the table and put butter and jam on the biscuits .
now as they sat comfortable and dry in the common room of the hotel , they enjoyed a small snack of jam mixed with the local yogurt , called skyr , while those in the kitchen worked to prepare them something more substantial .
then , the next morning , i got up at eight o'clock , took a bath and shaved , dressed , ate some post 's 40 % bran flakes and toast and jam - which was n't very much to take - and then set out along the road toward the inverness wye .
he looked like a small boy who 'd been caught stealing jam .
he tried to make jam from the rinds and ended up having to add pounds of sugar just to make it palatable .
in an hour or so the first of them began to gather , mostly families who had come in broken - down wagons and shays , carrying their breakfasts with them c hampers of cold pancakes folded over fillings of wild strawberry jam .
sometimes the logs jammed up in the river and an expert was brought in to find the one log , the key log , which would free the jam when removed .
teg , she knew , would have an intellectual understanding of the term but she and taraza could call up actual witnesses from other memories , see the explosion of broken bits of wood and water as a jam was released .
` ` he created the jam and he released it . ''
she told him that , if he ever told about the peterpinches , she 'd turn him into toe jam .
` ` jam . ''
` ` with jam . ''
` ` jam is two years your senior , '' lirin said .
` ` perhaps if you 'd included jam . ''
the ardent smiled , picking up the basket and pulling out a small jar of red simberry jam .
` ` of course , i ' ve told you that jasnah does n't like jam , '' shallan said ` ` and yet you bring it anyway , knowing jam to be among my favorite foods .
` ` of course , i ' ve told you that jasnah does n't like jam , '' shallan said ` ` and yet you bring it anyway , knowing jam to be among my favorite foods .
` ` but you did bring jam . ''
and , since he was an ardent , it did n't matter that jam was a feminine food - they could enjoy it together .
` ` have you considered , '' he noted , ` ` what kind of person you declare yourself to be by preferring simberry jam ? ''
` ` there are those who have studied it , '' kabsal said , slathering on the thick red jam and handing her the slice .
` ` and simberry jam ? ''
kabsal said , spreading jam on a piece of bread for himself .
` ` as has been noted , jasnah hates jam of all kinds . ''
he took a bite of his bread and jam .
if it means jam . ''
bread and jam .
a note , tied to one of the jars , read : bluebar jam .
she broke out his bread and jam , eating and thinking idly .
` ` would you like some jam ? ''
` ` i 'd love some jam , '' she declared .
` ` truthberry jam , '' kabsal said , holding up the small green jar .
here , give me some of that jam . ''
he smiled , handing over a slice of bread with green jam slathered across the top .
she opened her eyes , smiling at him , then took a luscious bite of her jam and bread .
` ` so , '' she said as he chewed on his bite , ` ` do you feel any more truthful , now that you ' ve had the jam ? ''
` ` you ' ve just disproven an entire body of lore and mythology surrounding the eating of truthberry jam ! ''
` ` jam should not have lore or mythology .
troubled , she picked up the basket of bread and jam , then made her way back to the conclave and jasnah 's suite .
shallan sat , offering the bread and jam to jasnah , who shook her head and continued researching .
shallan cut herself another slice and topped it with jam .
he 'd left a basket of bread and jam on the desk .
without jam , since jasnah hated it .
` ` look , let 's have some bread and jam .
he pulled out a jar of jam , smiling broadly .
she hesitated , then raised a bit of the jam to her nose to sniff at it .
` ` i was under the impression that you disliked jam , brightness jasnah , '' kabsal said .
` ` you should really try the jam , '' kabsal said to shallan .
` ` the jam , shallan , '' kabsal said , handing her a slice of bread for it .
this is jam ? ''
he hesitated , then stuck his finger into the jam anyway , shoving a large glob into his mouth .
` ` the jam had the antidote , '' jasnah said .
no wonder he 'd been so eager to get her to taste the jam !
if he did n't care for me , why did he work so hard to get me to take the jam ?
he put that fingerful of jam into his mouth .
sitting beside shallan 's bed , holding the jam .
shallan had n't taken a distinct memory , and was n't as accurate as if she had , but she remembered well enough to draw jasnah with her finger stuck into the jam .
why put her finger into the jam ?
in fact , jasnah had n't mentioned that the jam had spoiled .
but you thought the poison was in the jam .
you did n't know how to re - create strawberry jam , and when you tried , you made that vile concoction .
` ` you turned the strawberry jam into something inedible . ''
creating something as complex as strawberry jam , however - a mush made from a fruit i 'd never before tasted or smelled - was well beyond my abilities . ''
mrs . shaw gives him a snack she sometimes calls afternoon tea or even high tea , and no matter what it is - cottage cheese and fruit , a sandwich with the crusts cut off , custard and cake , leftover canapes from a cocktail party the night before - she sings the same little song when she lays it out : ` ` a little snack that 's far and wee , there 's some for you and some for me , blackberry jam and blackberry tea . ''
she brings him his snack , a big bowl of hawaiian fluff ( also one for herself ) and sings him her wonderful little song : ` ` a little snack that 's far and wee , there 's some for you and some for me , blackberry jam and blackberry tea . ''
we could all be kennedy , or we could all be nixon , but- '' ` ` ' jam yesterday , jam tomorrow , but never jam today , ' '' said susannah .
we could all be kennedy , or we could all be nixon , but- '' ` ` ' jam yesterday , jam tomorrow , but never jam today , ' '' said susannah .
we could all be kennedy , or we could all be nixon , but- '' ` ` ' jam yesterday , jam tomorrow , but never jam today , ' '' said susannah .
cream and raspberry jam squirted out the sides .
` ` pris was on the first floor , the showcase for all the idiot tourists who did n't have anything better to do than go on a guided tour of the place that made their jam jams .
` ` pris was on the first floor , the showcase for all the idiot tourists who did n't have anything better to do than go on a guided tour of the place that made their jam jams .
he was wearing a randy the robot t - shirt and goggling around a half - eaten jam sandwich .
beth was spreading jam onto her remaining piece of toast .
he guessed the chances of ending up as jam between the great bear s toes might be as high as fifty - fifty .
he rested his head on the wall below this strangely sinister slogan , crying like a child who has been punished for stealing jam .
the stuff that had come out of his mother 's head had looked like rjnoldy strawberry jam , and what ollie could n't understand was why she 'd done it that way , and in that place .
private ames jumped like a kid who 's been caught stealing jam .
on our own record - players we would play the adverts and the jam , the stranglers and the clash and the sex pistols .
the queen of hearts was alone , standing in front of the mirror , holding a plate of jam tarts with one hand , powdering her nose with the other .
under the guise of tying my shoelaces i had already palmed a couple of the queen 's jam tarts , and , flinging one of them upward , i neatly smashed the room 's only lightbulb .
munching on a jam tart i walked out of the palace grounds and into the street .
on our own record players we would play the adverts and the jam , the stranglers and the clash and the sex pistols .
` ` deirdre makes jam for them , you know .
` ` do n't like jam , '' said mr . vandemar .
that a ploughman 's turned out to be a rectangular slab of sharp - tasting cheese , a lettuce leaf , an undersized tomato with a thumbprint in it , a mound of something wet and brown that tasted like sour jam , and a small , hard , stale roll , came as a sad disappointment to ben , who had already decided that the british treated food as some kind of punishment .
and then i stopped talking , and i remembered that long year , and also i remembered flora when she was small , sitting on the floor with jam on her face , looking up at me as if i were the wisest man in the world .
the interior of the dodge van reeked of cigarette smoke and bounced in rough sync with the bass beat of a pearl jam cassette .
warren smeared homemade jam on a pancake and took a bite .
cutting into it she found creamy layers of vanilla filling , moist patches of chocolate mousse , gooey pockets of caramel , and an occasional clump of raspberry jam .
another tray with drinks , jam , and butter was already on the desk .
berries from the garden and homemade raspberry preserves , lena said , placing a platter on the table containing toast , butter , a pitcher of milk , a bowl of sugar , and a bowl of jam .
it tasted like blackberry jam .
then we could add some of lena 's jam and make it fruit - at - the - bottom .
the plate contained eggs , sausage , and a generous dollop of jam .
` ` jam , '' delvor replied , looking slightly intimidated .
he dipped one dirty hand into the pot and began feeding gobs of jam into his mouth .
he dipped his hand into the jam pot again .
beldin set down the empty jam pot and belched .
` ` why do n't you wipe the jam out of your beard , uncle ? ''
' churned yesterday morning , your grace , ' she replied , ' and i just opened a pot of that plum jam you 're so fond of .
in one hand the prince held a jam pot , and his face was liberally smeared with the contents .
` ` i ' ve already had breakfast , and from the dried jam on your chin and the faint scent of spilled coffee emitting from your handkerchief , i can see you have done as well .
still , she said , between squirting jam onto rolls .
taffy carefully trots under the overstory 93 % crown canopy of the combination of maple tree branches and oak tree leafy foliage which beautifully interlock and block totally the bright hot sunshine then safety dumps her body into an open clearing of low thorny green shrub layers of wild berry fruit consisting of perfectly rounded blueberries , and pretty oval - shaped red and black raspberries which are used for sweet jams , jelly preserves , and other rich flavored food products on mamas buttered homemade biscuits .
rochelle is fifteen - years old , five feet , and one - inched with black hair and brown eyes baby daughter of almena and fowler , embarrasses in red strawberry jam color as she chin whips her face deep into her chest .
characters : aneathea , angel - in - training and bodyguard of argus arcturus , college football player argus , student , son of billionaire archie michael ashley ash francis sain , student bezant , messenger - angel , son of archangel metatron , head of messengers blade , chauffeur of argus bo briggs , faithful angel capri , girl of argus carole , guardian - angel , daughter of arch - angel raphael , head of guardians cecil , college football player chase , guardian - angel , jams brother dallas drummer , fallen angel drayton drake hatem , student edgar , student garrison , bodyguard of argus ginger , jams friend gizmo , college football player jake gunter , college football player jam , guardian - angel - in - waiting joseph josh lavas , student lissa landers , student lithany , messenger - angel , daughter of arch - angel uriel , head of life - angels lystra , warrior - angel mella , destroyer angel morgan mellon , student nia , bodyguard of argus paisley , jams not friend perry , priscellas brother petunia , guardian angel priscella bramlett , college majorette and jakes girl quanta , girl of garrison rashab , college football player sharonette , college majorette and arcturus girl tabitha , college majorette and cecils girl tilly , death - angel , daughter of arch - angel azrael , head of deathers tina turner , tainted angel yusi , nerd college science student present day .
characters : aneathea , angel - in - training and bodyguard of argus arcturus , college football player argus , student , son of billionaire archie michael ashley ash francis sain , student bezant , messenger - angel , son of archangel metatron , head of messengers blade , chauffeur of argus bo briggs , faithful angel capri , girl of argus carole , guardian - angel , daughter of arch - angel raphael , head of guardians cecil , college football player chase , guardian - angel , jams brother dallas drummer , fallen angel drayton drake hatem , student edgar , student garrison , bodyguard of argus ginger , jams friend gizmo , college football player jake gunter , college football player jam , guardian - angel - in - waiting joseph josh lavas , student lissa landers , student lithany , messenger - angel , daughter of arch - angel uriel , head of life - angels lystra , warrior - angel mella , destroyer angel morgan mellon , student nia , bodyguard of argus paisley , jams not friend perry , priscellas brother petunia , guardian angel priscella bramlett , college majorette and jakes girl quanta , girl of garrison rashab , college football player sharonette , college majorette and arcturus girl tabitha , college majorette and cecils girl tilly , death - angel , daughter of arch - angel azrael , head of deathers tina turner , tainted angel yusi , nerd college science student present day .
she spreads her knife of grape jam on the toast , eating half of it .
josh smart - asses , cramping the folded buttered and strawberry jam toast in his mouth .
josh teases for fun , slapping his jam covered index finger nail over his food stained lips .
i like the strawberry jam .
i always pronounce my mom and dad selected name as jam instead of jan thenwhen coupled with moms tender loving sweet endearment that she uses on every family and non - family member settled in alabama since 1776 .
because , its a southern edict to call people by nicknames rather than their real christian names , my name becomes jam , honey .
there s a reason for that event , jam , honey .
we do nt know the exact time , jam , honey .
afraid ya freak , jam .
are you ready , jam ?
hereis it that better , jam ?
when , what , jam , honey ?
sit beside me , jam , honey .
the baby soul descends for his or her heavenly nursery traveling gently in cloud transportation , not inside any type of entity handsof angels or other body parts , jam .
you ll receive another angel lessontomorrowor maybe the next day , jam , honey .
we had pizza last night for supper , jam .
stay , jam , honey .
dear , jam is still human i inject into everyones memory .
not now , jam .
mom sings in piccolo music as i part pink lips , widely because mom does nt proclaim loudly , smile proudly , and insult boldly with her precious endearment : jam , honey .
dear , we love jam .
dear , jam is not insecure .
i m acting , jam .
hey , jam !
he can walk your home , jam ?
sorry , jam .
why ya tell them , jam ?
are they your friends , jam ?
do you know what a joint looks like , jam ?
whatda ya think , jam ?
we do nt do anything wrong , jam .
in the real realm , we do nt use pretend baby nameslike jam .
jam , you called me jam , honey .
jam , you called me jam , honey .
she admitted you were her poor second choice , jam .
my name is jam , honey .
to save you , jam and to desire you , jam .
to save you , jam and to desire you , jam .
jamher nickname is jam ... .like in strawberry jelly .
chase clarifies staring at jam with the bottom layer of her tail features painted in bright red which means she killed many devoted guardian - angels for their unborn souls .
dallas hollers and retreats back - stepping from daniel aiming at his kneecap , missing as the golden saber intersects like the letter x. cruiser scales the wall like a cockroach with finger pads and boots tips pumping towards jam while jam lies on her belly swinging her golden saber like a golf club at cruiser approaching to the peak .
cruiser stumbles to kneecaps as jam kicks his nostrils with a white boot causing blood and bone fragments to explode in the air then he plummets backwards off the ledge of the wall as jam catches his skull twisting his neck sideways then cruiser hangs helplessly in the air .
cruiser stumbles to kneecaps as jam kicks his nostrils with a white boot causing blood and bone fragments to explode in the air then he plummets backwards off the ledge of the wall as jam catches his skull twisting his neck sideways then cruiser hangs helplessly in the air .
she runs towards the wall leaping five feet and climbing like a beetle towards laughing jam who dances back and forth on the edge anticipating another angel fight .
tilly suddenly stops and glues to the wall at 16 feet as jam chops at her skull with the saber clearly missing from the far distance as tilly screams .
whack that rope off cruiser before i bleed ya , myself lystra reaches the top peak as jam slices gold at the skull missing as lystra rolls away from the ledge into the intersected wall and ceiling then jumps into the corner of the ceiling holding her kneecaps from the horizontal slice of jams gold then lands on boots presenting the flaming sword vertically in front of her chest for protection .
whack that rope off cruiser before i bleed ya , myself lystra reaches the top peak as jam slices gold at the skull missing as lystra rolls away from the ledge into the intersected wall and ceiling then jumps into the corner of the ceiling holding her kneecaps from the horizontal slice of jams gold then lands on boots presenting the flaming sword vertically in front of her chest for protection .
jam , chase names when jam neck snaps her skull staring at her brother with shock and surprise as chase truths .
you re evil , jam .
i m sorry about jam .
buthis sister with that funky name for a crimson tail called jam who was nicknamed by chase , ironically .
edgar and jam became crimson tails when guardians lose the battle over the unborn souls .
grabbing a bag from behind the counter , i filled the sack with jam , cloth , medicine , and other materials .
and , last by not least , sitting on a couple of wooden box cratesand nearer the floor than the countertopwas a huge tray jam - packed with miniature jelly donuts , crumb buns , and crullers awash in powdered sugar .
he bought a delicious piece of elderflower cheesecake with blackberry jam on top .
you have jam on your nose .
taking her finger , she scooped up some jam off the cheesecake and smeared it on darmiks nose before he realized what she was doing .
do you want to eat it with jam or honey ?
jars of jam , pickled vegetables , and other less easily identifiable foods sat on shelves above the cans .
she hit against the door jam , and she pulled loose my bracelet as she did so .
) , tiny totters for the most awesome sweet potato croquettes , eight , nine , ten for the finest spider patty burger , alco ococ for the best fizzed jam , cindy cunday for a pretty damn good ice cream ...
) , tiny totters for the most awesome sweet potato croquettes , eight , nine , ten for the finest spider paddy burger , alco ococ for the best fizzed jam , cindy cunday for a pretty damn good ice cream ... jack looked up at the diner .
i spoke up so they all heard me , i m gon na go jam a bit .
albert nudged the glass of strawberry jam toward me then laced his fingers on the table .
i shrugged and dipped the knife into the jam , then smeared it on my pastry .
i licked a drop of jam from my middle finger , then leaned back and crossed my arms over my chest .
he placed it on the table then shoved it toward me , just like the jam before .
when she was gone , i hummed my little melody as i stored the butter and jam into the giant fridge then cleaned my plate .
on a small tray in his left hand , he balanced two steaming cups and a plate of toast with jam .
two of the slices covered with raspberry jam helped swallow my disappointment .
my stomach gave a rumble at the thought of toast with jam and orange juice .
i nicked a slice of toast and smeared butter and jam on it .
i licked my jam - sticky fingers and rose from the table .
its jam , made from grapes , not to worry .
nah , his new band is more rock kind of like pearl jam .
at home he and mum had always eaten jam on toast upstairs in my room whilst i tried to get my strength together for the day .
when i found my place at the overcrowded table leighton had a mouthful of cream and jam .
all we need now is the butter and jam , billy quipped .
on that table was a plate with a jam sandwich and beside it a glass of milk .
the governor invited the winners of various other contests , like the jams and jellies competition , the apple pie eating competition , the turkey calling competition , the kite flying competition , and the goat herding competition , to the adjoining stages .
there was a tub of margarine , a jar of raspberry jam , and half a jar of vegemite .
orlie was leaning against the door jam , watching me .
i wo nt eat jam bread .
it was filled with raspberry jam .
a blob of jam fell onto the table .
for max and me , i add hot water and a spoonful of the jam that olgha has placed in the centre of the table .
he does nt strike me as a person with a sweet tooth , but the way his eyes fill with interest as he eyes a slice of sponge cake with jam and cream in the middle tells me that i m wrong .
viktor and romulus looked sidelong and froze : across the graveyard , rover walked next to three girls , each carrying a large basket full of jam jars .
amidst the chaos of breaking jam jars and romani swears , viktor spotted the final orange split behind him , only feet from the hole .
and all so you did n't have to dig a stinking jam cellar yourselves ! ''
belch popped his rosy face out of the hole dug as a jam cellar .
he spit dirt from his mouth and hefted up a broken jar of strawberry jam to his eye level .
then romulus came over with a tray of tea , bread , and jam , and joined viktor on the floor .
he studied anything to distract his mind from the grief : the tea tray , the teacups , the bread , the jam , and the knifewhose handle was being strangled by old , warped fingers .
with just bread and jam , he was going to be starving by the time he got home .
henry put bobby down on the kitchen floor and made another jam sandwich for himself .
hundreds of glass jars filled with jams , fruits , and vegetables of every variety sparkled like jewels in the lantern light .
although the hall was big , it felt cramped , it was half - full of cardboard boxes , jam jars and junk .
on the shelves there were boxes of vegetables and more empty jam jars .
still they were all right in a sandwich with home - made damson jam .
i think its time for tea and coffee and maybe some toast with jam and butter .
the table that had been empty the night before except for cold cuts and bread was now filled with jams , fresh bread , cream , butter , coffee , poached eggs , ham , and every sort of fruit imaginable .
cheese and jam , replied jack with a wink .
he leaned against the door jam , tucking his hands into the pockets of his perfectly cut black trousers .
i quickly threw them on , aware of my grumbling stomach and dreaming of cheese scones with raspberry jam .
aidan snapped his fingers and instantly the jam sandwiches on their bark trays flash - evaporated , consumed by aidans power .
mrs . fitzgibbon had also brought some homemade jam and sliced fruit .
i filled up on scrambled eggs , toast and jam , then wandered through the manor house looking for a comfortable place to curl up with my new book .
i dug around in the refrigerator until i found some orange juice and jam .
i asked as i slathered strawberry jam on my toast .
i said between mouthfuls of toast and jam .
noah takes a loaf of bread from the shelf , cuts four slices and spreads a thin smear of jam on each slice .
dandelion tea and strawberry jam .
outside the fortress most people trade us stuff in return for our work , like clothes or jam or potatoes .
i can call him toe - jam publicly , but i ca n't tell anyone why i named him that or else he will spill some beans that would n't do my reputation any good .
tucked in the bottom corner was a short round jar of strawberry jam .
soon the boys were headed down the road , laughing at their good fortune between mouthfuls of cheese and warm bread piled high with sweet jam .
with a flourish he lined the basket with a red checked cloth and began filling it with muffins , sweat breads , and a small crock of gooseberry jam .
yeah , right , mumbled cory , opening the refrigerator and pulling out a large jar of chunky peanut butter and another filled with strawberry jam .
as i was spreading a very thin layer of jam on the bread with my mother eyeing my every move , i saw the billow of steam push out into the hall .
her frail , dark hand traced the lid of the jam jar over and over like she would wear a hole in the rim .
the table was spread with a bizarre assortment of food : pickles , jam , olives , and bread .
coffee , juice , buttered toast with jam .
you simply need to take the spoon and swallow the tiniest amount of the jam possible , he said as he scooped up a minuscule amount of the red jam inside and showed them .
you simply need to take the spoon and swallow the tiniest amount of the jam possible , he said as he scooped up a minuscule amount of the red jam inside and showed them .
yuck , she declared loudly , taking the tiny silver spoon and scooping a miniscule amount of jam onto it .
in the end , she took a big gulp of air and closed her eyes , thrusting the tiny spoon into her mouth and swallowing the jam as quick as she could .
she opened her eyes again and was surprised to find that the jam actually tasted quite sweet .
but nothing happened , and all she could feel was the sickly sweet taste of the jam running down her throat .
she could still feel the sickly taste of the jam at the back of her throat , could feel a pounding in her head as if a swarm of bees were buzzing angrily around in it but she still had no idea what the clue meant , no way of helping lucas and the feeling of panic crept over her until unable to sit any longer she rose and began to pack up quietly , desperately trying to ignore the voices in her head that kept telling her she could nt do it , that she could nt help him and that he was lost forever .
the jam !
just when nikolas was sure he was starting to sweat schnitzel , girtrude brought out bowls and bowls of strawberry jam - filled oliebollens .
granny made the mistake of asking lucas how the meals were going and learned that they were having peanut butter and jam sandwiches for breakfast , lunch and dinner .
granny was relieved to hear that the boys were off their diet of peanut butter and jam sandwiches .
cover design : selfpubbookcovers.com/houchi # # # for j. , who likes toast and jam table of contents prologue chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 chapter 21 chapter 22 chapter 23 chapter 24 chapter 25 chapter 26 chapter 27 chapter 28 epilogue prologue october 29 , 1987 lucys forehead slammed into the mirror , shattering the glass .
some people will say toast and jam is the way to go , but i am not one of those people .
i do nt know , he says , spreading some jam on a bagel .
do you have the jam i gave you to give her ?
i want strawberry wine , jams , bags , and a boyfriend , do nt you have a boyfriend already ?
bread with jam , and scrambled eggs and sausage .
bread with butter and jam , a couple of slices of a pear , and spiced tea .
thanks for joining us for our late lunch slow jam .
blackcurrant jam .
luna shot a quick glance at the jar of jam , but thought that three slices of toast was enough for a normal breakfast , so she nodded and began to clear the table .
yes , i can also make apple jam .
my last week of school is jam -- packed with activities , so the soonest i can get started searching for my birth parents is this sunday .
i ' m afraid all we have is toast and jam and peanut butter and what not .
mullberry jam kind of questions !
* * * so , one thing about kevin was that you could have a heart - to - heart with him while eating fairy floss , while looking at jam in the show pavilion or while leaning on the counter in the bakery .
they breakfasted in a traditional turkish way with strong turkish coffee , a boiled egg and couple slices of toast , maybe some jam , and a juice of some sort .
a place to retreat into with music in the background and tones of led zeppelin , pearl jam and the moody blues , some old rolling stones cds and those of some english groups from the 60s , including the animals and the who .
jelly an jam an marmalade we ai nt got marmalade !
paul chowed down the last of his toast and jam and headed to the shower .
cheese , milk , eggs she s already had her egg for the day , thank you bread , jam , a couple of apples .
whipping open a cupboard door , she stares at tomato sauce cans , dried pasta and rice packages , and more jam .
how much jam does she have ?
back downstairs she munches on a piece of toast with jam and slurps a cup of coffee while she stares at the dining room wall from her seat .
on her out days , she allows herself to have toast and butter and jam for breakfast instead of oatmeal , that way she can enjoy a large lunch at a restaurant .
she stands up abruptly , yanks the bread out of the toaster , spreads butter on it , then jam .
swallowing the last of her cold bread and jam , she sees the time .
he let the deadbolt rest against the door jam , propping open the door .
while propping the door with his foot , he grabbed a scrap of wood and wedged it between the door and the door jam to keep it from closing .
she smeared butter and some strawberry jam on her toast and took a bite .
filling their plates , she took them to the table then swung back to the refrigerator for butter and jam for the toast .
i call it campfire toast and jam .
jackie joins us , everyone sips coffee and munches on toast and jam .
after dressing and checking our paperwork and money are in order , we head down to the cafe ; its the standard continental breakfast : pastries , toast , coffee , orange juice and jams .
the elders remember how to tend gardens in the old way and to make jams and preserves .
so that s jam for a start .
when there was nothing left to shed , his hands smoothed her out like jam and he went at her hell for leather , like tomorrow would not come .
the fat man said i d earn for it , jam for it .
there would be jam for tea , and five grand in his pocket .
it would have been nice to have some jam to go with it - but he 'd given the last bit to caroline and all that remained in the way of condiments was a bit of sour butter .
the knob rattled on his bedroom door , then the jam exploded and the door flew inward from the solid kick of a construction boot .
i got up and made myself some breakfast raspberry jam on white toast with a glass of orange juice .
jerry followed ethans lead , spreading strawberry jam onto the soft center of one steaming slice of bread .
ethan unabashedly licked the jam from his fingertips .
haakon had purchased another two hundred pounds of delicacies at a barge company 's general store on the dease river : strawberry jam , raspberry jelly , blackberry preserves , green olives , black olives , smoked ham , currants , dried apricots , fresh oranges , chocolates , candies , wines : chardonnay , chianti , burgundy , zinfandels , champagne etc .
beside the bed the guard had delivered a tray of bread and jam and an apple .
there was a litre bottle of water on the tray next to the plate of jam and bread .
with my rung out jeans and shorts in the bottom of the bucket i put the sack back over my head and returned to my cell where the guard left the door open while i ate the bread and jam and drank the now lukewarm tea .
i hungered , not for the bread and jam on the tray , but for a sense of self worth .
it had to be morning because the tray on the floor in the doorway of my cell carried a plate of bread and jam and a mug of hot , milky tea .
the simple , sweet smell of jam and bread was utter torment .
the usual jam , bread and tea had been supplemented with an orange .
gobbets of jam slid down my chin , sticking fast to the thickening coat of stubble on my face .
i decided that i would have to ask for a change of jam .
robbie left the room and returned a few moments later with a tray containing the usual fare : tea , bread , jam , an apple and water .
not if i see you coming first , you fat old camel , i replied , and crammed a large hunk of bread and raspberry jam into my mouth .
we washed as usual and then ate bread and jam .
so much of my recent life consisted of hours wondering if there could ever be anything other than bare floorboards , and hurried showers , bread and jam , and random violence .
after a shower where more time was spent attempting not to wet the bandage covering his forehead than clean himself , he strolled into his kitchen and was startled to see oz sat at his breakfast bar , reading his paper and eating a round of jam and toast .
clendon ordered breakfast from room service : a pot of coffee with extra cream , a large orange juice , a breakfast steak with two eggs over easy , hash browns , a double order of toast with honey and extra jam , and a pitcher of water .
she set about preparing a huge breakfast of eggs , bacon , sausages and fried tomatoes , with piles of toast and homemade jam .
daniels own spread on the fry bread was meager , much like he d put jam on his toast : just enough to taste .
toast with jam and some peaches from a can were rachels selection to start his day off right .
i imagined sarah standing at the head of a farmhouse table serving scones and jam and perhaps the children sensed her motherly demeanour .
while they played out there i took the opportunity to go around the house picking up sweet wrappers and wiping away smears of strawberry jam .
daniel popped out of bed while the other three were still stacking zees , ate some toast and jam to still the growling and went for a run .
replied simon in the kitchen simon found that the table was completely covered by several cereal boxes , mini toast usually used on cheese platters , ham , salami , fruit , a loaf of bread , cheese , milk , a caf latte , a block of butter , and several jars of jam .
strawberry fuckin jam .
fresh bread , bagels , jam , honey , butter and cream cheese pads .
i deduce from your sunny disposition and early appearance that you enjoyed a good nights sleep before rising bright and fresh to dine upon a breakfast of toast and , i checked the spent packet sitting beside his knife , mango jam .
the neighbours dog got him in the end and while i accepted the loss quite well , finding enough forgiveness to continue sharing my jam sandwiches with him as i had always done , i was never entirely satisfied with the story of how palladium had got into their garden in the first place as i was saying though , customs .
ill take jam , geeza butted in as her mouth opened to bombard us with a billion different options .
i liked gretta too , bustling about , feeding us home made jam and chattering away to herself .
he made his choice scrambled eggs , two scones , a slice of brown bread , jam , cheese , and black coffee .
i ca nt just dump this jam jar .
on this particular friday he enjoyed raspberry jam on toast .
` ` fair enough mike , you want me to lay on the scones and jam , or the paracetamol , it 's not often we get a detective sergeant in our office '' .
jane eyed me warily as i carved the same latin word into the paint along the side of her door jam .
yes , i have a thing for bread , not sure why , but i end up toasting a few slices and putting some special jam that i have never seen on store shelves on them .
i decide to dig through the cupboards and i find a few pieces of bread and some kind of jam .
a few minutes later they look good and toasted so i throw some jam i found that does nt look too old on them and take a bite .
f chapter nineteen a week later september 168 a.m. denver , colorado i call to order the meeting of jam properties , max said .
my wife wanted to make some blackberry jam .
grandma murray could make the best blackberry jam ; she gave me her secret recipe .
my moms gon na to make a couple jars of jam from the berries i pick .
` ` i hope you are not daring to place yourself above reproach , '' said the little man with almost a sing - song way of speaking , as if elizabeth were ten years old reaching for a jam jar .
chapter 18 plum jam on christmas eve , georgina asked me to accompany her to midnight mass at the cathedral in auckland city .
hope you can make decent jam , said cosmo to me .
besides eating a large number of the juicy raw fruit , we picked three bucketfuls to take up to georginas kitchen , and later on i made both plum crumble and plum jam .
i would have rather liked a more affectionate farewell than a quick kiss on the cheek and the words come back next year and make us some more plum jam .
mr . ridken was eating strawberry jam on his toast .
a second later i muffle through the slither opening in the door jam , dave , open up .
and some have jam inside too .
they load up on muffins , pastries , coffee , bacon , eggs , toast , jam , hash browns , creme cheese and bagels .
lous next kick cracked the door jam .
chapter seven schulenberger spread the red flame evenly over the tobacco like strawberry jam , and exhaled a great billow of smoke .
a bit of hot milk , a bit of sugar , a croissant and raspberry jam .
these are the raspberries , she said , putting a spoonful of the jam in my mouth , do nt open your eyes .
the fact that we ate jam croissants for breakfast today will have some kind of consequences in the future ; perhaps insignificant ones , but everything we do has consequences .
hailey 's breath smelt like peanut butter and her thick lips lingered a little sticky jam on my cheek .
i was eating waffles with jam and cream in the small hotel restaurant , with georgina reading a copy of le monde and sipping coffee next to me , when she sharply slapped my hand .
she returned , smiling carrying a tray with two blue - vein cheese and strawberry jam sandwiches for each of us and mugs of coffee .
the colonel and captain were both drinking tea and had jam and toast on their plates .
i slathered on a thick helping of jam and proceeded to eat without any tableside manners .
momma said as she took a nibble of toast and jam .
coolness of the air conditioning made their sweat cold , and they smelled the fresh aroma of hash browns , scrambled eggs , and toasts with dollops of butter and strawberry jam .
in the next cupboard there is a jar of marmalade and a jar of strawberry jam .
the marmalade will have to do because the jam is two years out of date .
after this , and rather than face them at supper , i made myself some jam sandwiches and went and locked myself in my cabin and prayed for the morning , when they would be gone .
i hovered about him slavishly , offering him more coffee , some jam to finish his toast with .
' you ca n't gain face from strawberry jam . '
we 'll have to get him pretty quick , or 272 will end up not just dead but strawberry jam .
then there were two thick slices of wholewheat toast , a large pat of deep yellow jersey butter and three squat glass jars containing tiptree ' little scarlet ' strawberry jam ; cooper 's vintage oxford marmalade and norwegian heather honey from fortnum 's .
there were also two kinds of hot toast , rolls inside a napkin , marmalade , honey and strawberry jam .
there were hot scones with clotted cream and jam , and freshly made pastries , accompanied by twinings tea .
the silver houses glistening in the sun were made of tin jam pots , flattened out , fastened together and nailed over the crude shacks .
we 'd crawl along the beach picking up diamonds and putting them in little jam tins . ''
there was cold roast lamb , fried chicken , yellow saffron rice , quince jam and tangerines and peaches and soetekoekjes , almond - topped spice cookies .
there were baked potatoes and yams and fresh peas in the pod , six kinds of salads , homemade hot biscuits , and corn bread with honey and jam .
she ordered sliced oranges , tortillas de patatas , bacon , hot rolls , jam , and coffee .
she 's still holding on to a piece of bread and jam , though , and we see that what we first took for blood is actually strawberry preserves .
it 's disappearing into her chubby little fist now , and she appears to be sweating strawberry jam .
in her other , molly is holding pippa 's bread and jam .
she is wearing most of her own strawberry jam treat on the front of her shirt .
pippa hugs back , but eats her bread and jam at the same time .
peter is a ruggedly handsome man in his early forties , father of sally , the little girl with the jam on her shirt .
suzanne dropped a freshly baked cinnamon bun on the china plate and added a dab of raspberry jam .
breakfast would be served at six - eggs , toast , jam , sometimes bacon , coffee , and fruit juice .
he 'd eaten one piece of toast with strawberry jam when his appetite suddenly vanished .
malone turned his attention back to an english muffin , which he lathered with plum jam .
they found some jam and ate standing up , both of them filled with nervous energy .
safi and fazal got greedy and wanted to sell jam to the highest bidder .
backman at first had seemed skeptical of jam and its incredible capabilities .
safi and fazal dreamed of selling jam to the pentagon for a fortune , whatever mr . backman thought their product might fetch .
and if anyone in washington could get a fortune for jam , it was joel backman .
initially , hubbard and backman argued over the best way to market jam .
as weeks passed , other partners in the firm presented varying scenarios for the marketing of jam .
though he knew little about jam and neptune , he was nonetheless harassed by the fbi and eventually indicted by federal prosecutors .
safi mirza had been knifed outside a georgetown nightclub three months after he hired backman and handed over the only copy of jam .
the marketing of jam was his first big challenge .
military , jam was worth even more .
` ` and that 's jam ? ''
the saudis were desperate to purchase jam .
the saudis offered $ 100 million for jam .
` ` if they 're convinced the saudis will never get their hands on jam , then they 'll rest much easier .
his wife spread jam on two scones and covered the teapot with the cozy .
with clotted cream and strawberry jam . ''
he laid them out on a small corner table , along with small ceramic pots filled with clotted cream and jam .
he glanced warily around him , then spooned a generous amount of strawberry jam into his cup of tea and stirred .
` ` cross - tabulation of wire transfer indices , '' said berman , vigorously stirring jam into his tea .
he told his wife the truth the next morning , over toast and jam .
she fixed him wheat toast with jam as he glanced at the newspapers .
he ate toast with jam and no butter , and greeted each of his colleagues with a hale and hearty good morning as they drifted in and out .
dell was back with enough food for eight ; pancakes , a whole hog 's worth of sausage , a tray of hefty biscuits with a bowl of butter , and a bowl of somebody 's homemade jam .
harry rex sliced two in half , buttered them , added a thick layer of jam , then , at the last moment , inserted a patty of sausage .
one of his parishioners had left the bread and jar of jam on his doorstep christmas morning .
` ` if i do good , you 'll dope me with a sinker and some raspberry jam ? ''
iii on the morning of my birthday , edith was extra specially nice to me and mother made sure i was given a birthday breakfast of my favourites : sardines with mustard sauce , and fresh bread with cherry jam made from the fruit of the trees in our grounds .
or stick something into that sardinian jam they tell me he 's so fond of .
she popped one of the scones - they were chestnut brown , smeared with butter and jam - into my mouth and made me munch on it .
` ` that one is marmalade , and this is strawberry jam , '' mrs . ramsey announced , pushing the jars toward her .
you know about setting the table ; putting plates and silverware on for everyone and butter and salt and pepper and maybe some jams ? ''
she set the jams on the table , and then hesitated , but leigh was manning the toaster , and bricker seemed to have the stove under control , so she poured herself a coffee and moved to join the three men at the table , taking the seat beside armand .
her palm across his n**ples made him feel like jam inside .
and peach jam .
i did n't actually have any syrup , but i did have raspberry jam .
inside it 'd be all quails ' eggs , goose - liver jam and little sandwiches that were four to the mouthful .
the girls stopped reaching for crumpets and jam and looked up expectantly .
i thought that was jam . ''
you can shove a cherry up your ass and make jam for all i care , but i need them .
` ` you call me your girl one more time and i ' m going to turn your gonads into plums and make jam out of them . ''
raspberry jam oozed out , and claire swallowed hard .
` ` i was getting some jam when you rang , sir .
lady maccon shook her finger at the hive queen as though the ancient vampire were a very naughty schoolgirl caught with her hand in the jam jar .
she kept her hands in her lap as her breakfast was served : two fried eggs , bacon , and toast with blueberry jam .
she likes the sourdough bread done on both sides , with sweet butter , preferably the whipped kind , and a little strawberry jam .
the only wasp in the jam is that you ai n't soldiers !
` ` sir , are you really going to write on a jam sandwich ? ''
she copied out the entire notebook , and sealed it in an old jam jar , which she hid in the roof of the stables .
flowers , alaric , and meredith were enjoying a breakfast of croissants , jam , fruit , and sausages .
elena took another croissant and spread jam on it .
after her smoothie , ms . deborg presented olivia with a piece of toast with red jam .
` ` there 's a multilevel parking lot behind the jam factory , which is just down the road from jack 's . ''
jack was waiting in the shadows a few doors down from the jam factory complex , out of direct sunlight and well covered up .
charging indiscriminately about the house of lords , throwing jam at the local supernatural set during nighttime session ? ''
` ` and some jam and bread sandwiches , '' said miss tarabotti firmly .
english - style toast in delicate wire holders , five different types of jam , two kinds of bacon , johnnycakes , syrup , even freshly squeezed orange juice .
at the close of breakfast , maids whisked away the dutch china and jam , and winfield retreated to his study , leaving me with the sutherland women in the sunlit parlor .
` ` just a bit of jam , '' she said lightly , wiping her finger on the low - hanging branch of a passing tree .
` ` the world 's biggest jam jar . ''
but it was a slightly different case , of course , because , to his eyes , she wore a big label with strawberry jam written on it , tied around her neck .
he could just pop the top off another jam pot , she thought .
i know we '' re all being run ragged , but right now i need everyone i can get , and in return there will be jam tomorrow and free beer too .
and the seconds , always her favorite , far excelled such expectations , as they included both black - cap and rice puddings , jam tartlets , and a platter of excellent cheeses .
particularly by the antics of the waitstaff , who had to dodge through the climactic fight scene carrying scones and jam .
a gaggle of excited drones rushed through the hallway at that juncture , carrying various - sized empty jam jars .
plus dessert , '' she added , slathering the strawberry jam over the slice of white bread .
` ` blackberry jam cake . ''
father ambrose - aide to cardinal bernard - stepped from the galley car with a tray of omelets , brioche , butter , and jam .
following his example , she spread jam onto a slice of brioche .
andrea cataloged the groceries and reported lots of peanut butter and jam in the fridge .
he bought me one of those giant pancake combos with jam and whipped cream and while i ate , he talked .
he tried to take my strawberry jam packet .
` ` fine , i 'll split the jam . ''
` ` jam , please . ''
i waited a moment , then stole his knife with the jam on it .
i grabbed my toast before he could argue , spreading the jam .
he growled , his predator ticked , but grabbed his knife back and spread his jam on his bread .
he found henry , burke , and montgomery at the ferry , loading jars of jam and honey to take back to the courtyard .
but the two humans were quiet , and he suspected henry 's thoughts were more focused on the honey and jam they were bringing back .
peanut butter and red jam oozed over the crusty edges of the bread .
kylie shot a look at miranda and right then the blob of bread , peanut butter , and jam slid halfway down kylie 's throat .
there was plenty of jam and jelly to go with the biscuits , too ; i 'd made a large pan to feed everybody .
she and devin , being vegetarian , got scrambled eggs and biscuits with jam .
i ended up eating my way through the whole stack , along with two croissants with strawberry jam , a bowl of cornflakes , four slices of hot buttered toast , a plate of scrambled eggs , a red apple with crisp white innards , three cups of coffee , and an ice - cold pint of orange juice .
i scooped up another forkful of egg and finished the breakfast of champions - eggs , freezer jam , and bacon , all smashed into a toast sandwich .
and if link was lucky , there was probably stil a little something left in the bottom of the jar of amma 's apricot freezer jam .
his face was still pale , his voice hoarse and nose runny , but my brother was eating his second scrambled egg and had already devoured a stack of toast with jam , clearly feeling much bet er .
tina seemed exactly like her old self as she pushed aside a bowl of strawberry jam , leaned on the table , and lowered her voice .
` ` amy , in the army you get eggs , jam , bread , and slow - cooked meat .
i stop listening when he talks about bees being stuck in the jam .
two of you need to put jam in the bowls .
as soon as miranda and i start pulling jars of jam from the huge refrigerator , bees swarm around us .
noah helps me pull more jars of jam out of the fridge .
after noah leaves me alone for a minute with instructions about how to ladle spoonfuls of jam into the plastic bowls , i ' m having trouble fending off the four bees hovering around me .
you 'd think dropping globs of the jam would be easy , but it 's not .
it 's sticky and messy and two of the bees just got stuck in the jam .
` ` what 's the jam ? ''
you 're scooping the jam '' . ''
` ` yeah , i do n't know how to break the news to you , but a few bees are stuck in the jam , '' i tell him .
that 's what they get for hovering around the jam , i guess .
i look down into the first bowl of jam .
i ' m trying to think about the consequences of an idf soldier , jam on his bread , biting into a little bee corpse as a bonus treat .
the bee is still alive -- i can see it walking in the jam on my spoon .
the jam is n't there .
sure enough , there 's a big glob of jam on my sleeve .
the bee is stuck in it , creepily walking in the jam .
i expect him to flick it off me , but instead his tongue snakes out as he leans close to the jam ... and the bee .
i quickly realize he thinks he 's only licking jam off my sleeve .
before i can pull away , he licks off the jam and struggling bee with the tip of his tongue .
what the fu -- '' he runs to the garbage can faster than i ' ve ever seen him move and spits jam and the bee out of his mouth .
avi walks in the door and i almost drop a bowl of jam .
` ` so , um , there were bees stuck in the jam .
and when nathan pinched my butt by accident , i twirled around and jam landed on my sleeve .
pre - army amy would definitely be whining aba , they make us get up before the sun is up , and run in the dark , and pee and poop in stinky holes , and sleep with our guns , and eat jam with bees in it , and do boy pushups , and march in straight lines , and scale walls , and sleep in beds with springs missing above our heads , and dig holes with big hairy spiders in them ... ... but i do n't .
` ` i even picked bees out of the jam when i had kitchen duty . ''
picking bees out of jam , brushing ants off bread .
our band had perfected the art of punk - rock camping , throwing a bunch of crap into the van with , like , an hour 's notice and just driving out into the mountains , where we 'd drink beer , burn food , jam on our instruments around the campfire , and sack out under the open sky .
we passed the profane monologist 's room , whereat he pressed his lips against the jam and unleashed a string of execrations worthy of the saltiest marine .
i challenge anyone in this room to name one worthwhile thing that ever came out of the british isles , besides william shakespeare , charles darwin , and tiptree jams !
the morning also features a woman who becomes extremely indignant when we ca n't allow her cockapoo to sit at the table with her and a man with two extremely cranky toddlers who throw the jam and sugar packets at me , and squirt mustard and ketchup into their napkin dispenser .
` ` use me for jam , cabinets , and wood , '' graham read aloud .
` ` how can a piece of charcoal also make jam ? ''
one part of it is used for charcoal , but maybe another part - the berries - makes good jam . ''
` ` maybe a local would know what tree around here could be used to make jam . ''
` ` the guy running the place says that the sea grape makes good jam .
i rose early the next morning , dressed in fighting clothes - trousers and tunic - then ate bread and jam while edmund snored .
there was always fresh bread and butter , along with a red and gooey spread momma oaks called strawberry jam .
as i spread the butter and jam , i remembered days when we 'd eaten nothing but a handful of charred rabbit .
there was a small round table by the window laid for three with plates , cups , cutlery , bread , butter and jam , and in the middle a platter of scones and wafer - thin cucumber sandwiches .
he was dancing with a girl in a dress the color of plum jam , and he looked as alive as anyone can if he 's wearing a white wig and has white powder on his face .
shaking his head , james turned back to miss plum jam , while gideon took my hand and led me , not at all gently , into the next figure of the dance .
about fifty agents coated the place like ants on jam .
` ` and some scones , jam , cream . ''
i extend my hand toward the butter in the middle of the table beside a plate full of toast and a bowl full of jam packets .
` ` i 'll have some pancakes , toast with strawberry jam , and a tall cup of milk , '' doug says and looks at me with a small smile .
i glance over at it seeing coffee , croissants , butter and a jar of jam .
that morning , magda laid out sweet rolls with prune jam , a plate of boiled eggs , and bitter greens .
i go down to the cabin and i strap on persephone , then i go and get the pistols , and after checking that they are loaded , jam one into my cross - chest strap and one into my belt .
i had to put my hand on the door jam to hold myself up .
` ` pump up the jam a little more , kids .
but there 's porridge in the saucepan , and jam to put in it . '
she gave me a china bowl filled with warm porridge from the stove top , with a lump of home - made blackberry jam , my favourite , in the middle of the porridge , then she poured cream on it .
they were paper thin , and as each pancake was done , lettie would squeeze lemon on to it , and plop a blob of plum jam into the centre , and roll it tightly , like a cigar .
ginnie hempstock produced an empty jam jar , and the old woman put the bottom of the dangling thing into it , then raised the jar to hold it .
at the end , she slipped the glistening invisible trail off the needle and put the lid on the jam jar with a decisive flick of her bony wrist .
she took the jam jar , held it up to the light .
there was toast , too , cooked beneath the grill , as my father cooked it , with home - made blackberry jam .
lettie reached up and took down the jam jar from the window ledge .
she pulled out the jam jar with the translucent wormhole inside , and held it out .
lettie picked up the jam jar from the green moss , and twisted the lid .
she walked over to the rock path , turned the jam jar upside down , holding it at the bottom , and banged it , lid side down , once , confidently , against the ground .
she passed the jam jar to ursula monkton , who reached inside it and pulled out the translucent thing that had once been a hole in my foot .
every other father in bastardville can be found next to their refrigerator at 11 p.m. , staring forlornly into the condiments , sometimes dipping a finger in the mustard , or lapping at a jar of jam .
she made herself some toast , with jam and peanut butter .
she was eating slices of bread and jam , deftly cutting the bread from a large golden - brown loaf with a huge knife , then spooning on the purple jam with a wooden spoon .
she was eating slices of bread and jam , deftly cutting the bread from a large golden - brown loaf with a huge knife , then spooning on the purple jam with a wooden spoon .
she had jam all around her mouth .
` ` nonsense , '' says aunt clara , with a sweep of the jam spoon .
my hand crawls to find a jam pot from our stockpile .
various kinds of toast and pastries vied for attention , along with butter , honey , and jam .
it felt like her insides were the lid on a jar of strawberry jam , capped too tight , and now someone strong enough had finally twisted to release all that pressure with a little pop .
the whisper - man gave rima 's right knee an exaggerated by - golly slap that left a palm - sized splotch on her jeans that swiftly turned the color of blackberry jam .
` ` last night we went out for bread and jam and more tea in the pig , and the power steering went out .
all i know is , if i had to listen to pearl jam for two weeks solid , i 'd eat my roommate too .
faeries had come from all around dream - dark with baskets of fruit and casseroles for their journey , with breads , pots of jam , puddings , and casks of drink , and the crows had stowed it all away with greedy grins .
bennacio sat beside me , nibbled on some toast with strawberry jam , sipped coffee , and said nothing .
step : jam hanger and rope into left sock .
the two of them now sat at one of the caf 's small tables , leisurely spreading jam and margarine onto fresh bread from the corner store .
gabriel extracted one of them , sliced it open with a serrated knife from the table , and began to spread regia margarine and strawberry jam on each side .
not again , henry said as he lifted up the paper and got a napkin , trying in vain to wipe the jam off the paper and succeeding only in smearing it around even more .
frustrated , henry put the paper down on top of another piece of toast and got the jam on that one too , although he did nt notice it yet .
the brass screws holding the hinge to the jam pulled right out of the deteriorated wood and the door settled slowly to the floor .
he studied the jam with a thoughtful frown .
they are hermetically closed , she said , but my dear husband arranged them so , that they will be filled with greeze , not jam .
and there s a jar of jam in the cabinet with nothing to put it on , john complained .
we ve got eggs , preserved fruit and jam and i always put away what i grow over the summer .
dierdre had given them two dozen fresh hens eggs and two jars of berry jam .
she pulled out one of the jars of jam they had gotten from dierdre .
two spoons of jam and tea without sugar or milk .
he spread a scoop of dierdres jam on it while sarah poured him a cup of tepid tea .
they d had scrambled eggs for supper with toast and what was left of the jam dierdre had given them the month before .
sarah placed the toasted biscuits on a plate with a dish of jam and goat butter and set them between them .
that any day now the irish government would roll up with an aid truck busting full of food and jam , or that they d get busy replacing the power lines ?
he held a large biscuit in one hand stuffed with jam .
a large stain was on the front of her pinafore , where she had dropped her bread and jam earlier , and her greasy hair hung in front of her face .
not just bread and water , judging from the look of you , mana retorted , pointing to the jam stain .
she produced two nets and a couple of jam jars , and handed them to simon and miriam .
instantly , simon was fishing in the water with his net , and he managed to snare the crustacean and pop it into another jam jar .
he refused to accept any of them if neil was nt invited as well , and soon the son of a fisherman found himself sitting down to tea and jam buns with the sons of dukes and other unimaginables .
both brothers had stopped eating their breakfast ( it looked like sweet rolls with mango jam ) and looked at him intently .
he set a spoon with a small jar of jam on the tray and carried it up the stairs .
it would have made more sense to just spread jam over bread on a morning like this .
hanna promptly served him his porridge along with a piece of bread with jam on it .
you decided on the bread and jam anyway , huh ?
i have not been able to get enough jam lately , i m sure glad its the time of year for picking and canning or i d run us dry .
hanna exclaimed , licking some blackberry jam from her fingers .
maybe all of that jam was nt such a good idea after all .
he grabbed a jar of blackberry jam , hanna 's favorite , and arranged them all into a small basket .
she saw the girl again , how she came back to the table , taking a slice of bread with jam , running back .
he popped his head around the door jam and peering into the whitewashed back yard .
there was a bowl filled with grits and some dried venison on the side , also some cornbread and bear grease with fresh blackberries mashed into a jam sweetened with a little honey .
using the metal lid from an empty ration jam can and his pocketknife , he fashioned a workable barbed head .
now , how about some jam sponge and lemonade ?
as soon as she finished her breakfast and peri had eaten a small quarter of toast with jam , matilda went to find bolgobin .
lance awkwardly kicks a round blue button embedded in the wide door jam .
she knocked on the door jam .
the captain general visited the sick man each morning after mass and brought him rosewater and a little of the quince jam that still survived in his stock of food .
after the water bowled the woman brought in a jar of jam and placed a spoonful of jam in each cup .
after the water bowled the woman brought in a jar of jam and placed a spoonful of jam in each cup .
as he took the last bite meeka said you ve got some escaping jam .
she was just wrapping her hand around the plastic handle when the wood of the door jam finally gave in and burst open .
i m just disappointed that i m still paying off my student loans for those years it took to get my journalism degree only to end up doing the bulk of my reports on specialty pieces about local old ladies making jam and jesus sightings in various foodstuffs .
this the jam , right here , said warrior .
we fed them some coffee and some bread and jam and they moved on north , '' frank said and grinned .
now his mouth felt hot and gummy from the jam and wax mix .
sebastian looked in the fridge : -i have only cherry jam , and bananas .
together they whipped the cream until thick and used it to fill the sponge cake with the jam .
julian watched her , while she was eating toast with jam .
` ` i have n't got that much jam princess , take me three days to get over what happened here today . ''
melady helped her parents by greeting customers and sometimes made jams out of wild berries she got from the forest .
he helped himself to a big portion of his grandmothers blackberry jam .
she set down the empty pod before disappearing into the kitchen , returning shortly with a plate full of biscuits and a small jar of jam .
he put a hearty helping of jam on his biscuit and took a bite .
` ` thank you , '' tom said , leaning forward to claim a buttered scone , piled high with jam and cream .
` ` take a big bite , '' the man encouraged , and without a moment 's hesitation , tom did just that , eagerly cramming the pastry into his mouth , large dollops of red jam spilling onto his chin .
spank me and cover me with jam .
he sat crossed legged on the floor munching away on the peanut butter and strawberry jam sandwiches , while waiting for raj to resume .
al arrived while my dad and i were sharing a plate of crumpets and strawberry jam , letting himself in through the back door and helping himself to one .
he shoved the last bit of jam on toast he was eating in his mouth , jumped in the car and sped off down the road .
tavos has painted over a small part of the jam and the door , creating a seal between the two .
deal , announced her young brother , sandwich jam all mixed up with the soot on his shirt .
three eggs fried , the cook rattled off , solid centers , two biscuits light butter , heavy jam four sausage , a half slab of beef medium well no toast and double coffee .
gandy sucked a bit of jam off a finger and popped the last of the biscuit into his mouth .
she toyed with the contents , shifted an apple , nudged the sugar and righted a jar of cherry jam .
please put butter , jam or other spreads onto your bread plate rather than slather it directly upon your cracker and buttered if you wish one sliver at a time .
he thought it possible someone might be able to stop the stone from crushing them if they somehow held it in place from the outside , but he could nt fathom how anyone could do it without cutting the hair on the jam .
it banged on the jam a couple of times , but jerrod did nt hear it .
strawberry jam oozed out and spilt onto her pyjamas .
molly wiped the jam from her pyjama top and licked her hand .
they get plates and fill up on scrambled eggs , bacon , hash browns , gravy , biscuits and coffee then return for some side dishes of fruit and little tubs of butter and jam .
the table was the usual jumble of jam jars , ash trays , breadcrumbs and small plastic animals which little sheena was lining up on her plate of half - eaten vegetable moussaka .
you can ' ave mine - s'long as you give me some of your bread and jam .
after a few seconds , he said , ` ` no , i like the bread and jam , too .
jars that looked like nothing more than old jam pots filled with bizarre colored liquids with strange objects in the bottom .
it were as if they were passing on a crown or a fortune instead of an old jam jar filled with rubbish .
donny kicked hard on his cell door , which had been separated enough from the jam to be opened , and ran over to the former window .
a fearsome sign altea caught hold of the door trim to stop herself when little erik smeared jam on jarmilas apron .
jarmila took the jam covered spoon that erik had been fumbling with and spread the jam for him .
jarmila took the jam covered spoon that erik had been fumbling with and spread the jam for him .
a plate with the remnants of what appeared to be eggs , sausages , and toast with a thick , red jam sat before him as he wrote a note in the margin of a contract .
following elton to the table was the server with a plate containing three fried eggs , an equal number of round sausages , and a thick slice of toasted bread with butter and jam .
two men pressed their backs to the wardrobe , but it shook with each blow and crept ever so slightly from the jam .
after a brunch of currant - and - gooseberry jam on croissants , crow pat , and ginger broth , todd cracked open the vermillion and began painting .
do you prefer currant jam or marmalade ?
everything in the basket tied to katins saddle had been bought at farms , inns , and little markets along the road : cold spicy sausage , fresh crusty bread , a jar of honey and another of strawberry jam , dried apricots and peaches and walnuts .
what kind of jam ?
he had eaten many half jam jams and crumbled up chocolate chunkies from orter .
he had eaten many half jam jams and crumbled up chocolate chunkies from orter .
meredith rolled her eyes and took a bite of the toast , which was whole wheat with strawberry jam , her favorite .
oaty with cook - cook chips and jam and sprinkles , look !
he then sniffed the air , sneezed , and sniffed again ; master gaddels house smelled like their cellar , only without all the nice smells from the food mama kept down there the jams and the pickles and the slabs of cured pork and heads of hard cheese and the sweet prune wine that they let him have a sip of when he was a very good boy and did all his chores although lately the shelves seemed to empty a lot more fast than mama could fill them up again , which made mama worry even though she tried to hide it by laughing and saying he was eating them out of house and home .
any minute now , he d spill out the cracks like too much jam on a sandwich , forgotten and unnoticed , like jam always was until it went and brought the ants in , but charlie coward , shed called him .
any minute now , he d spill out the cracks like too much jam on a sandwich , forgotten and unnoticed , like jam always was until it went and brought the ants in , but charlie coward , shed called him .
it was sweet and tasted like strawberry jam , he thought .
the two steaming bowls of porridge , bread , cheese , and jam , reminded them just how hungry they really were and they tucked in to the food with relish .
of course , i have them right here , crag showed dade a blotchy , yellow parchment , dotted with jam and coffee stains .
chriss little sister , fiona , was sitting at the kitchen table , lazily smearing large chunks of strawberry jam on her toast .
there were finger sandwiches of cucumber , roast beef , and jam among tarts , tiny cakes with glazed cherries , lemon meringue , pistachio macarons , and chocolate dipped biscuits .
her bed was not sex : bar flirt and backseat quickiea ram and a jam and a spurt ... hours titillating the latest from the playboy advisors g - spot and all that ... no , dalores was homefucking : more , home - cooking ... she was the hearth , with embers always ready for the stir : a full course meal : seven servings around the clock : cuckoo clock .
yeah , that s not going to go down well at all , susannah said , accidently dotting her nose with the jam in her tart ; gregory found it strangely fetching .
without a word to the other , they each loaded up with buns , butter and homemade jam until their plates towered .
` ` of course , i have them right here , '' crag showed dade a blotchy , yellow parchment , dotted with jam and coffee stains .
how about i jam one of these heels up your ass ?
i could feel everyones eyes on top of me , but i ignored them and started spreading some strawberry jam onto my toast .
the alien smeared jam on a croissant .
there were pikelets , there was buttered toast , and jam , and cream , and cake , and the winkle strove to eat the most , though his buttons all should break .
say the gods get riotously drunk and favour your union , say you 're we d. what happens when you leave the jam out overnight or do n't wear the pants she 's laid out for you ?
shadow picked cheerlessly at the dry turkey , jam - sweet red lumps of cranberry sauce , tough - as - wood roasted potatoes , and violently green canned peas .
the remains of breakfast - sticky jam , toast crumbs , and smears of butter - clung to a stack of plates on the low table that no one had seemed inclined to clear away .
it was n't bad slathered with jam .
he sopped a piece of toast in a remaining bit of peach jam and ate it , watching her reaction .
she did n't look up at me ; instead she looked to max , who was sitting beside her , and asked him to hand her a tin of jam for her croissant .
cutlet , hash chop , stew , ragout , fricassee , mince , collops , souffle , dumpling , blancmange , sorbet , gruel , sausage , not to have a sausage , beans , without a hear , kickshaws , jelly , jam .
' i ' ve found some jam , ' said granny weatherwax , from the kitchen .
a jam - jar contained flowers that had been arranged by the simple method of grabbing a handful of them and ramming them in .
' but i ' m not going to kick any jam , you understand . '
i could make jam of them .
' maybe lily weatherwax could make jam of us but i ' m damn sure i could knock mrs gogol 's eye out with the fender if it came to it . '
mind you , that bramble jam tasted of fish , to my mind . ''
' a doughnut as doughnutty as a doughnut made of flour , water , one large egg , sugar , a pinch of yeast , cinnamon to taste and a jam , jelly or rat filling depending on national or species preference , ok ?
' the jam 's in the jar by- ' ' oh , i wo n't bother about jam , ' said nanny .
' the jam 's in the jar by- ' ' oh , i wo n't bother about jam , ' said nanny .
' that 's like saying that jam attracts wasps , you see . '
give people jam today and they 'll just sit and eat it .
and around teatime the dots bounced and recoiled like wasps around a pot of jam .
and i believe he 's making jam .
got any strawberry jam ? '
' oh , you got ta have strawberry jam , ' said colon , carried away .
there were a couple of jam sandwiches underneath .
want a jam sandwich ?
listen- ' ' unusual , gooseberry jam .
i should n't think more than one jar of jam in a hundred is gooseberry .
i met this man in an inn once , he worked for a jam - maker in ankh - morpork , and he said they put in any old rubbish and some red dye , and i said what about the raspberry pips , and he said they make them out of wood .
' will you stop talking about jam and be sensible for a moment ! '
' i ' m sitting in a cave in a country where everything bites you and it never rains and i ' m talking , no offence , to a herbivore that smells of a carpet in a house where there are a lot of excitable puppies , and i ' ve suddenly got this talent for finding jam sandwiches and inexplicable fairy cakes in unexpected places , and i ' ve been shown something very odd in a picture on some old cave wall , and suddenly said kangaroo tells me time and space are all wrong and wants me to be sensible ?
' i think i 'll lay off the jam , ' said rincewind .
' there 's beer and veggies and stuff and , 'cos you 're a good sport , we 're giving you a tin of jam , too . '
clancy the stockman wiped the sweat off his brow very thoroughly , and wrung out the rag into an empty jam tin .
it was while two teams were trotting upriver in the semi - final that the spectators noticed the black cloud pouring over semaphore hill like boiling jam .
anyway , you will keep other rats away , and you wo n't go around widdling in the jam , so you might as well get thanked for it . '
you 're not poisoning our cheese , and we 're not widdling in your jam .
' it 's a kind of jam doughnut , lad .
' it 's a kind of jam doughnut , ' she said .
she took the scone and spread jam on it .
there was bread and jam for lunch .
' some of them were covered in jam ! '
' would that be a ring doughnut or a jam doughnut ? '
' not as mad as someone who keeps his screws neatly by size in jam jars , ' said mad al .
there 's jam .
` ` jam ?
night spread across the disk like plum jam , or possibly blackberry preserve .
it had become , therefore , a storage place for dried - up old bulbs , burnt - out cauldrons and fermenting jars of wasp jam .
it would come with real scones , clotted cream thick as butter , and fresh strawberry jam .
` ` it 's jam packed in there . ''
' just some blancmange and some , you know , that sort of jam made out of meat ... ' ' pate ? '
' ever bitten hot jam ? '
ice jam .
his mouth was tight with anger , and cords stood up in his neck , and his gray eyes were as cold and forceful as an ice jam .
as david tried to fight his way to me , i drew all my power inside , fighting the invisible fist that was trying to contract and squeeze my heart into red jam .
my mother makes jam from them .
i ' m jam . ''
jam blushed , then fished out an apple , which he tossed to the floor awkwardly , then saluted again .
silas was showing nicko and jo - jo , the two youngest boys , how to tie their jam jars onto the end of a pole and dip them in the water .
i never would have thought of that myself , '' or , ` ` well , i must say that strawberry jam is such an ... interesting sauce for sliced eel . ''
so that 's what they were for : bug jam .
he concentrated hard on stirring the reeking glop , still not completely convinced that aunt zelda was not making bug jam , especially as she was sitting at the kitchen table with a pile of empty jam jars in front of her .
he concentrated hard on stirring the reeking glop , still not completely convinced that aunt zelda was not making bug jam , especially as she was sitting at the kitchen table with a pile of empty jam jars in front of her .
she passed the charm around so that each of them held it for a moment , then dropped it into the jam jar and passed the jar to nicko .
` ` the perfect shield bug , '' said marcia proudly , holding up the jam jar to the light and admiring the ex - millipede .
soon , the fifty - seven jam jars were lined up along the windowsills , guarding the cottage .
a scream from the baker 's wife and a hefty swipe with a broom eventually sent him on his way , but not before he had managed to eat most of a jam doughnut and nibble holes through at least three loaves of bread and a custard tart .
people travelled miles to see this wonder ; they 'd go inside its concrete interior and peer out through the windows , buy cabbage - leaf bookmarks , cabbage ink , cabbage shirts , captain cabbage dolls , musical boxes carefully crafted from kohlrabi and cauliflower that played ' the cabbage eater 's song ' , cabbage jam , kale ale , and green cigars made from a newly developed species of cabbage and rolled on the thighs of local maidens , presumably because they liked it .
trying to ascribe the traits from creatures of myth and legend to the creatures of the project was like trying to plait jam .
i sent the power on my fingers into that small dark opening , spread it on the crack like invisible jam , so thick , so rich .
the works turned out to be more than i 'd imagined : eggs , bacon , toast , two kinds of jam , coffee cake , and orange juice .
a bear waddled at her side , its cheeks sticky with gooseberry jam .
he indicated a grave - rubbing on the little table , held flat by a jam jar in each corner .
` ` and raspberry jam and apple - tart , '' said bifur .
she rang for the maid ; shortly a couple of manservants climbed up with a very good sort of plain single - course dinner : a roast fowl , with greens and beef ; gravy sauce ; some small cheesecakes made with jam ; calf 's feet pie ; a dish of red cabbage stewed ; and a small biscuit pudding for relish .
he shrugged , as if to dismiss the subject , and turned his attention back to the dishes ; he seemed to think the piece of intelligence less significant than the small jam tartlets riley 's cook had provided with the latest course .
the meal was thoughtfully suited to the weather as well : a cool soup of fresh cucumber and mint , meat served in jellied aspic , beef very thinly carved from the joint , lightly boiled chicken ; and instead of pudding an array of cakes , with pots of jam , and excellent , fragrant tea ; all served on porcelain of the very highest quality , the one real extravagance laurence remarked : dishes of white and that particularly delicate shade of blue which could not be achieved by any european art , and the strength of real quality .
tuna , thpaghetti and jam , with thprinkleth .
' tuna , spaghetti and jam .
' what kind of jam ? '
` ` all of it , '' she repeated , as simply and calmly as if she were asking for more cloudberry jam for her porridge .
cadsuane knew quite a bit about the material min was studying in her books , but the woman doled out her knowledge like cloudberry jam , a little reward for good behavior , always hinting that there was more to come .
i took a few steps toward him , winced at the bite of broken glass on my bare feet , and paused to brush them more or less clean and jam on my shoes .
about that time , lisa appeared with a full breakfast for both of them - scrambled eggs , sausage and bacon , pancakes , syrup , butter , toast , and jam .
they gave me water and fed me a sweet fig jam - not generally my favorite unless accompanied by a ripe brie - but i immediately felt better .
from this room he received his friends and family visitors , not to mention many of his patients , who came to offer him their good wishes , bunches of home - grown flowers , and bottles of home - made relishes and jams .
a fluffy white cake filled with butter , sugar , and raspberry jam , an assortment of truffles and sugared pastries , and spicy , moist gingerbread , still hot from the oven .
i went to the kitchen and hunted up some bread and jam .
families gathered to drink black tea in tall glasses , sweetened with homemade cherry jam , made in a big pot boiling away on the stove .
amgalant , what s written and what is nt written yet , i dedicate to her , with waves from tem and jam , and no sight or scent of a goat .
it seemed each large santa ana wind gust pushed the fire further along , like jam being slowly spread on toast .
margaret bit back the retort that she did nt want to learn how to make a flaky pie crust or bottle jam or tend a garden .
harriet , i forgot the jam for the scones .
there was plenty to do in the garden , as well as picking berries , making jam , and churning butter .
pretty girl like you must have the men round her like flies on the jam pot .
evie sat quietly at the huge pine table in the centre of the room , writing the names of the teachers in the village school where priscilla was the headmistress on labels of home - made damson jam .
the crays had a large damson tree in the garden , and as most things were in short supply , priscilla could at least make some jam .
i complimented her on the biscuits and jam she then offered me and feigned astonishment that she made the strawberry jam herself .
chapter 10 peering around the tidy home , liking much of what he saw for good construction and well kept furnishings , adams face lit up when rachel brought to the table fresh coffee , a loaf of bread with a jar of jam for spreading .
reckon a big slap of jam on bread with good coffee is ample exchange , maam , if you re agreeable .
the fruit and vegetable stands are filled with jams , jellies , and all manner of pickled items .
so he finally took his musket to a scottish gunsmith who had examined the jam and told him that it was impossible to clear , and that the barrel would have to be replaced .
emily took up a knife and with more grit than she intended dug into a jar of jam .
that s very noble , joshua , says uncle marty , taking a spoonful of jam from the small ramekin at the centre of the table .
he dabs the jam onto his crepes and sets the spoon aside .
indiana ... what a strange name , madame duguay mutters , helping herself to some jam .
with some jam or honey .
more rice , a clasp knife , a loincloth , an undershirt , a coil of fishing line and hooks , a small jar of jam , and even a bottle of what he took to be sake .
but when they made it to the hut , they had the pleasure of unpacking cans of meat , jams , sugar , tea , coffee , tins of condensed milk , biscuits , canned fruit , flour , rice ... in fact everything to make cooking a pleasure again .
hearing this , scott under the mistaken belief that since val was now getting a row his own personal crisis was over , stopped sniffling and quite happily started licking the jam from his fingers .
local people take honors at county fair by audrey hackenheimer once again our area ladies proved to be master of the kitchen as evidenced by the following awards they received : boysenberry preserves : blue ribbon , gladys lucheece ; red ribbon , marge uley ; honorable mention , gertrude efton rhubarb preserves : br , jane driscoll ; rr , audry lundquist ; hm , selma murchenson strawberry preserves : br , bertha glockenspieler ; rr , christine steinway ; hm , laura olson apple pie : dorothy strobel ; rr , eloise mitchell ; hm , freda evansdale blackberry pie : br , alice montgomery , rr , sal dolby , hm , beth hanson cherry pie : br , thelma winkler ; rr , dorothy lintzner ; hm , mary vick pumpkin pie : br , nancy dreyfus ; rr , selma metz ; hm , francine hoff rhubarb pie : br , paula katz ; rr , trudie petlowe , hm , lacy dillard due to space constraints , winners in the bread , cake , cookie , muffin , jam , jelly , beer , wine , fried chicken , ham , sausage , bacon , pork chop , relish , canned vegetables , canned fruits , and other such categories will be announced in next weeks paper to leave room for this weeks recipe : maple walnut raisin molasses cookies by gertrude sweeney ingredients : 6 cups sifted flour 1 pound butter cup maple syrup 2 cups finely crushed walnuts 2 cups finely chopped raisins cup molasses 2 cups firmly packed sugar 4 whole eggs tsp baking soda preparation : preheat oven with roaring fire first .
she deliberately did not look away , not to the sides , not down , but kept her open smile fixed , looking fabia in the eyes , as if she 'd been offered a third cup of wine or a recipe for fig jam .
make blackberry jam in autumn , and weave all winter ? ''
she had sent three kinds of jams : cherry , currant , and green gooseberry .
grace had already set a plate of toast with peanut butter and jam on the only clear spot on the table for him .
next to the gin sat a bag of molasses cookies , an apple pie , and two jars of homemade raspberry jam , all neatly arranged like a pagan offering to the gin god .
the forest - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the forest 721 the 507 and 353 a 309 of 229 he 228 to 204 in 196 his 177 was 107 that 93 partridge 83 you 82 it 78 on 75 her 74 said 72 she 71 from 70 him 70 had 67 as 66 with 66 not 61 toshi 59 at 56 they 54 for 50 were 48 i 47 into 45 an 45 this 39 nadine 34 them 33 or 33 their 33 like 32 beasley 32 is 30 campbell 27 what 26 there 26 then 25 if 25 be 25 through 24 up 24 over 24 been 23 back 23 did 23 but 23 all 22 no 21 more 21 are 21 when 20 down 19 by 19 i ' m 19 so 19 about 19 do 18 do n't 18 eyes 17 men 17 house 17 face 17 long 17 my 17 will 17 head 16 get 16 one 15 we 15 have 15 water 15 it 's 15 out 14 would 14 go 14 its 14 after 14 some 14 partridge 's 14 black 14 light 14 here 14 these 14 see 13 those 13 new 13 come 13 nothing 13 hand 12 away 12 say 12 came 12 left 12 against 12 know 12 toshi 's 12 mask 12 night 12 before 12 room 11 me 11 way 11 any 11 glass 11 yeah 11 how 11 time 11 might 11 sat 11 did n't 11 always 10 gone 10 that 's 10 near 10 our 10 bed 10 woman 10 you 're 10 where 10 why 10 stood 10 too 10 got 10 until 10 off 10 grass 10 mouth 10 cockroaches 10 along 9 can 9 even 9 could 9 something 9 right 9 hair 9 radio 9 went 9 look 9 upon 9 good 9 well 9 man 9 everything 9 cold 9 hands 9 took 9 let 9 very 9 montague 9 rich 9 wore 9 us 9 around 8 going 8 white 8 want 8 who 8 dark 8 gave 8 than 8 just 8 voice 8 much 8 only 8 other 8 another 8 beetles 8 camera 8 made 8 few 8 oh 8 howard 8 still 8 gertz 8 empty 8 held 8 years 7 really 7 better 7 boy 7 phillips 7 never 7 great 7 shadows 7 your 7 sometimes 7 wanted 7 road 7 node 7 place 7 knew 7 hell 7 line 7 earth 7 old 7 two 7 sun 7 thought 7 wooden 7 across 7 fell 7 once 7 tried 7 walked 7 anything 7 saw 6 people 6 stone 6 table 6 alone 6 little 6 someone 6 sure 6 fields 6 again 6 mr 6 course 6 okay 6 forest 6 leaned 6 air 6 being 6 windows 6 waited 6 teeth 6 bit 6 eye 6 things 6 should 6 red 6 darkness 6 moment 6 sky 6 dead 6 become 6 work 6 three 6 smile 6 close 6 among 6 yet 6 between 6 since 6 himself 6 lost 6 garden 6 called 6 found 6 enough 5 keep 5 concrete 5 coffee 5 later 5 kept 5 metal 5 passed 5 without 5 they 're 5 smoke 5 whole 5 towne 5 insects 5 film 5 else 5 inside 5 depression 5 tigers 5 walk 5 now 5 coming 5 such 5 telescopes 5 has 5 lamp 5 porch 5 imagine 5 doors 5 houses 5 business 5 caught 5 maybe 5 stared 5 home 5 heart 5 love 5 forever 5 we ' ve 5 dinner 5 looked 5 ever 5 beneath 5 laughed 5 while 5 window 5 either 5 thing 5 high 5 first 4 documentary 4 show 4 fresh 4 drunk 4 dripped 4 arms 4 country 4 eventually 4 wet 4 behind 4 we 'll 4 sea 4 poured 4 buildings 4 piece 4 kind 4 rubbed 4 s 4 most 4 moorehead 4 seen 4 strong 4 probably 4 least 4 last 4 next 4 leather 4 slept 4 kitchen 4 disappeared 4 mind 4 seemed 4 except 4 have n't 4 dishes 4 world 4 hard 4 orren 4 best 4 also 4 shot 4 field 4 current 4 afraid 4 clouds 4 lot 4 began 4 brain 4 nodded 4 lay 4 naked 4 certain 4 watch 4 think 4 person 4 jeep 4 mostly 4 fingers 4 drink 4 feet 4 life 4 arm 4 we 're 4 own 4 fucking 4 farm 4 opened 4 sense 4 second 4 emerged 4 full 4 carrey 4 stairs 4 stopped 4 shade 4 friends 4 hollywood 4 guinea 4 pulled 4 watched 4 shoulder 4 done 4 shook 4 dust 4 reached 4 nadine 's 4 moving 4 which 4 drank 4 ask 4 low 4 tarantula 4 cigarette 4 floor 4 tell 4 name 4 huh 4 brought 4 blackness 3 mmm 3 cool 3 wo n't 3 ear 3 truck 3 antenna 3 rose 3 heavily 3 drugs 3 sees 3 invented 3 brow 3 lid 3 valley 3 estate 3 he 'd 3 hot 3 smell 3 foot 3 usual 3 doorway 3 fire 3 simple 3 luck 3 he 's 3 fat 3 talking 3 orange 3 church 3 fast 3 gate 3 bloody 3 was n't 3 she 'll 3 alcohol 3 barn 3 under 3 soon 3 smiled 3 chair 3 jean 3 grown 3 onto 3 nose 3 ceiling 3 fence 3 weekend 3 there 's 3 forests 3 museum 3 pet 3 bus 3 make 3 everywhere 3 big 3 odor 3 malibu 3 eat 3 somehow 3 liquor 3 settled 3 career 3 france 3 glanced 3 hung 3 soft 3 broken 3 none 3 followed 3 strange 3 cellar 3 early 3 give 3 ah 3 sound 3 rolling 3 chuckled 3 ancient 3 l 3 catch 3 dirt 3 phone 3 dying 3 days 3 throat 3 guys 3 box 3 star 3 ice 3 pointed 3 perhaps 3 relinquish 3 million 3 shrugged 3 flesh 3 note 3 doubtless 3 mooreheads 3 told 3 occasionally 3 contact 3 mention 3 river 3 poor 3 thighs 3 shell 3 kissed 3 does 3 campbell 's 3 center 3 british 3 itself 3 wood 3 t 3 height 3 pressed 3 ears 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 according 3 main 3 drive 3 oak 3 spoke 3 california 3 places 3 surface 3 together 3 formed 3 run 3 everybody 3 aside 3 couple 3 memory 3 bones 3 history 3 jackson 3 leaves 3 thinking 3 horror 3 structures 3 moist 3 private 3 skin 3 quite 3 moon 3 tight 3 dry 3 became 3 warm 3 overhead 3 groaned 3 eh 3 dress 3 suit 3 blood 3 deep 3 horizon 3 hold 3 felt 3 dim 3 raised 3 den 3 smelled 3 space 3 parts 3 day 3 swung 3 glad 3 species 3 she 's 3 because 3 pale 3 covered 3 friend 3 sulk 3 slightly 3 ryoko 3 goodbye 3 yes 3 shall 3 colony 3 gazing 3 screams 3 finally 3 quiet 3 leave 3 invisible 3 town 3 thrum 3 ride 3 latest 3 stomach 3 she 'd 3 hang 3 shop 3 pair 2 dropped 2 gray 2 seeing 2 nasa 2 address 2 interesting 2 death 2 muck 2 matter 2 owned 2 yah 2 depths 2 sink 2 musk 2 serious 2 excess 2 ghost 2 resonant 2 square 2 latter 2 embraced 2 yellow 2 luggage 2 seconds 2 real 2 set 2 met 2 missed 2 considering 2 briefcase 2 dragged 2 colonies 2 cities 2 sleep 2 both 2 flew 2 unload 2 shut 2 speed 2 eating 2 signals 2 gnats 2 barge 2 huge 2 tree 2 bad 2 preserving 2 dr 2 stuff 2 landscape 2 magnificent 2 die 2 cook 2 exist 2 gets 2 hmm 2 four 2 dawn 2 d - lab 2 hill 2 jobs 2 portrait 2 action 2 god 2 slate 2 corridors 2 watching 2 how 's 2 punch 2 dreaming 2 quick 2 technicians 2 presented 2 twilight 2 warrenburgh 2 damned 2 man 's 2 begun 2 beyond 2 original 2 stiff 2 suggested 2 possible 2 helicopter 2 rotting 2 provincial 2 iron 2 move 2 dusty 2 crouched 2 ducks 2 decrepit 2 neck 2 movie 2 end 2 richard 2 crocodiles 2 breathing 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 interested 2 nonsense 2 magnetic 2 communication 2 illuminated 2 bone 2 actually 2 changed 2 grimy 2 flask 2 plaster 2 natives 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 regarding 2 passenger 2 stop 2 village 2 ebony 2 part 2 clatter 2 disaster 2 rim 2 swollen 2 whipped 2 scarf 2 pipe 2 roll 2 state 2 heard 2 taint 2 elbow 2 boiling 2 behavior 2 chairs 2 decided 2 tasted 2 skull 2 paper 2 toward 2 died 2 fluorescent 2 cheeks 2 property 2 grew 2 handed 2 impression 2 ones 2 certainly 2 cables 2 playing 2 engine 2 busy 2 peculiar 2 plank 2 i ' ve 2 suitcases 2 ant 2 hundred 2 jaw 2 break 2 american 2 involved 2 muttered 2 gun 2 nobody 2 entered 2 sucked 2 leaked 2 powerful 2 crisis 2 worse 2 mad 2 reports 2 has n't 2 sex 2 is n't 2 r 2 form 2 smooth 2 ribs 2 executive 2 possibly 2 walls 2 lamps 2 number 2 surely 2 brandy 2 managed 2 rover 2 oxygen 2 question 2 far 2 carried 2 stranger 2 federal 2 fallen 2 spiders 2 golden 2 crashed 2 strung 2 damp 2 exhaustion 2 fear 2 cut 2 stank 2 beasley 's 2 realized 2 projects 2 raft 2 packed 2 french 2 bengali 2 pain 2 musty 2 played 2 guess 2 yard 2 forth 2 decades 2 chamber 2 round 2 u 2 would n't 2 tossed 2 closed 2 turned 2 reason 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 use 2 week 2 despite 2 shallow 2 charm 2 queen 2 appeal 2 shiny 2 distant 2 banks 2 masks 2 you 'd 2 threatened 2 fellow 2 observed 2 notion 2 spent 2 sunlight 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 softly 2 returned 2 planet 2 grinned 2 forget 2 expedition 2 thin 2 mortal 2 obviously 2 prince 2 studied 2 land 2 lights 2 birds 2 monet 2 thank 2 upright 2 worked 2 fight 2 trustees 2 destination 2 famous 2 promised 2 heads 2 interest 2 waiting 2 frogs 2 meanwhile 2 yourself 2 hip 2 proposed 2 mug 2 director 2 slide 2 heaved 2 young 2 slipped 2 cleaning 2 margin 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 although 2 coop 2 important 2 wondered 2 girl 2 bizarre 2 speaking 2 grip 2 let 's 2 unless 2 complete 2 boston 2 during 2 frozen 2 shaped 2 speak 2 painted 2 whispered 2 call 2 suits 2 relative 2 open 2 wheelchair 2 talk 2 dog 2 post 2 comes 2 honey 2 pity 2 bag 2 winding 2 clean 2 morning 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 roots 2 subject 2 energy 2 entomological 2 loomed 2 static 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 neighbors 2 lifted 2 stainless 2 family 2 ages 2 bluff 2 bitch 2 ago 2 mass 2 crude 2 battered 2 animal 2 moths 2 english 2 operation 2 crawled 2 grin 2 lad 2 thick 2 letting 2 getting 2 oil 2 distance 2 waved 2 civilization 2 large 2 removed 2 rock 2 locket 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 central 2 burned 2 several 2 rest 2 driver 2 receded 2 discipline 2 hollow 2 guards 2 legs 2 fall 2 terror 2 miles 2 army 2 trampled 2 silence 2 each 2 wish 2 aquariums 2 attention 2 half 2 metallic 2 hidden 2 however 2 mercenaries 2 crushed 2 boring 2 trees 2 rule 2 electromagnetic 2 cover 2 warning 2 grim 2 cause 2 glassy 2 clever 2 sweat 2 popular 2 hey 2 stars 2 indeed 2 wilderness 2 hunting 2 teaspoon 2 fifteen 2 ring 2 direct 2 tired 2 dimensions 2 due 2 six 2 often 2 vacation 2 sued 2 similar 2 guns 2 bright 2 flowed 2 same 2 assuming 2 knot 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 book 2 put 2 women 2 kidding 2 fully 2 brooding 2 asshole 2 suppose 2 england 2 body 2 darkly 2 knocking 2 foothills 2 gauge 2 county 2 track 2 someday 2 decade 2 tour 2 smaller 2 corner 2 mother 2 bangladesh 2 broad 2 muddy 2 glittered 2 mankind 2 swallowed 2 remote 2 fashion 2 served 2 host 2 could n't 2 gloom 2 scribbled 2 glowed 2 dermestid 2 roughly 2 small 2 instead 2 exposed 2 glow 2 dozen 2 voyage 2 classic 2 clear 2 take 2 developed 2 impossible 2 constellations 2 formal 2 school 2 stepped 2 sunday 2 fog 2 heavy 2 preserve 2 peace 2 drove 2 cockroach 2 heavier 2 exploits 2 russian 2 ca n't 2 spinning 2 noticed 2 lovely 2 five 2 closer 2 club 2 desk 2 director 's 2 eats 2 side 2 street 2 shirt 2 gotten 2 bees 2 short 2 unlike 2 looking 2 millions 2 cinematographer 2 carry 2 door 2 buried 2 investigation 2 glasses 2 jerked 2 party 2 community 1 hangings 1 yelled 1 creepy - crawlies 1 coal 1 load 1 clambered 1 rigid 1 counted 1 experts 1 twenty 1 panaflex 1 doorways 1 trust 1 numb 1 motionless 1 clinging 1 nature 's 1 gloves 1 photograph 1 curves 1 wild 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 lovable 1 drolly 1 poking 1 mallard 1 mild 1 meat - hungry 1 types - one 1 fiercely 1 project 1 crypto 1 sheets 1 comport 1 farther 1 initials 1 characterized 1 museums 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 lies 1 resembled 1 rate 1 compatriot 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 aristocratic 1 striking 1 erection 1 angina 1 sweating 1 education 1 employ 1 gutted 1 hear 1 opulent 1 twitchy - jet 1 whom 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 abiding 1 breath 1 geyser 1 daydreams 1 immediately 1 resided 1 ance 1 slings 1 return 1 attendant 1 gather 1 edifices 1 snail 1 peroxide 1 archaic 1 gravest 1 sahara 1 supply 1 20 1 anymore 1 breeding 1 there 're 1 cracks 1 occulted 1 subsequent 1 saying 1 antennas 1 exchange 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 gleam 1 triumph 1 tap 1 appetites 1 postings 1 doc 1 kneeling 1 champion 1 gloomy 1 evening 1 devices 1 building 1 affiliation 1 eaves 1 position 1 holding 1 deal 1 conch 1 nattering 1 pearl 1 beautifully 1 recognize 1 milk 1 impacts 1 midlife 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 partner 1 brim 1 pulse 1 hogwash 1 reflection 1 radiated 1 lockheed - martin 1 wire 1 liberally 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 streak 1 millimeter 1 crusade 1 sill 1 tick - tack 1 damned - well 1 wonder 1 organic 1 torso 1 learning 1 rancher 1 detached 1 research 1 survey 1 bring 1 parties 1 brute - had 1 dolls 1 infrared 1 misses 1 tides 1 grazing 1 dug 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 offered 1 e 1 jounce 1 iconoclast 1 prior 1 transit 1 obliterate 1 thurman 1 bordered 1 vista 1 relax 1 embryo 1 shelves 1 abruptly 1 cladistics 1 hybrid 1 trays 1 squinted 1 erotic 1 gothic 1 twisted 1 draping 1 hutch 1 ambled 1 brittle 1 stardom 1 hoopla 1 copious 1 happily - ever - after 1 candles 1 brilliant 1 fuller 1 universe 1 ourselves 1 dish 1 mania 1 checks 1 third 1 premature 1 dumped 1 poles 1 canted 1 dense 1 assembly 1 folks 1 caves 1 coughing 1 nascent 1 plucked 1 multifaceted 1 vapors 1 partway 1 ebbed 1 organism 1 occasion 1 haunted 1 edges 1 dosed 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 mortar 1 cryptozoic 1 honeymoon 1 c'm on 1 character 1 restaurant 1 tumultuous 1 superficial 1 devising 1 age 1 plain 1 downward 1 breathless 1 a - lab 1 memo 1 hug 1 mental 1 late 1 bottles 1 key 1 matching 1 wildflowers 1 it 'd 1 tiles 1 shudder 1 intriguing 1 appear 1 replaced 1 worker 1 pat 1 dreamily 1 area 1 hope 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 fossil 1 iceberg 1 transformed 1 capable 1 today 1 necessary 1 sport 1 wading 1 cloths 1 pot 1 tail 1 unleashed 1 poised 1 card 1 sick 1 gunned 1 nope 1 sinking 1 creepers 1 lounged 1 introduce 1 opportunities 1 rose - scented 1 cascaded 1 infamy 1 greedily 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 cottony 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 daydream 1 artists 1 mixed - breed 1 hydraulic 1 lane 1 plastic 1 wine 1 coleopteran 1 perched 1 grille 1 furniture 1 desired 1 blame 1 traveler 's 1 routine 1 graduate 1 erupting 1 disjointed 1 pickup 1 dream 1 unwelcoming 1 consigned 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 meteorite 1 humid 1 joking 1 lovemaking 1 silent 1 limo 1 porters 1 trapped 1 tangled 1 twitched 1 pets 1 many 1 ireland 1 dresser 1 murmured 1 over - publicized 1 lord 1 possessions 1 gravity 1 wearing 1 lips 1 flashes 1 phrases 1 shacks 1 utility 1 unconscious 1 recovering 1 silhouette 1 cheek 1 paperback 1 supporting 1 wry 1 spanned 1 recovery 1 escorted 1 amok 1 stack 1 ramshackle 1 canisters 1 betting 1 jump - cuts 1 san 1 laborers 1 mocking 1 damaged 1 stepchildren 1 scientologist 1 1886 1 focused 1 cadillac 1 drills 1 thermoses 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 cigarettes 1 catered 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 interleaved 1 angular 1 mangroves 1 variety 1 wedding 1 running 1 combination 1 hostile 1 indifferent 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 models 1 snorted 1 swept 1 refused 1 hire 1 whip - smart 1 tasting 1 hardback - one 1 rules 1 swims 1 compose 1 grasped 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 absolute 1 brick 1 soaked 1 aching 1 clearing 1 destroyed 1 writhing 1 muscle - bound 1 maids 1 wandered 1 months 1 whores 1 frank 1 dear 1 tricks 1 bookcases 1 lethally 1 elemental 1 os 1 specimen 1 jack 1 chicken 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 introduced 1 balcony 1 britain 1 shit 1 slaughterhouse 1 features 1 contrast 1 preferred 1 dumbly 1 gathering 1 inches 1 oceanic 1 biting 1 mouths 1 sand - filled 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 waxworks 1 hiring 1 man - eating 1 teuthological 1 notice 1 nerve 1 group 1 intellect 1 yep 1 cohere 1 hubbub 1 superior 1 rained 1 coil 1 urine 1 dan 1 groaning 1 beez 1 uhmm - wha 1 folksy 1 throats 1 pride 1 branded 1 afire 1 satisfy 1 reliable 1 kali 1 scarcely 1 longed 1 particular 1 coasts 1 shattering 1 blazoned 1 ances 1 protoplasmic 1 blend 1 snouts 1 brightened 1 yawns 1 aspen - chic 1 living 1 wineglasses 1 sufficed 1 tide 1 strength 1 endless 1 suspected 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 crunched 1 demonstration 1 swamped 1 image 1 ecological 1 boeing 1 hysterics 1 narrow 1 underlying 1 order 1 following 1 woodcutters 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 succession 1 coiling 1 vibration 1 savor 1 old - fashioned 1 whistled 1 beasley - and 1 double - breasted 1 tabloids 1 gleamed 1 assorted 1 unease 1 a - frame 1 permitted 1 snifters 1 gigantic 1 don't- 1 opportunity 1 wondering 1 eggs 1 slumped 1 departure 1 bodyguard 1 ends 1 perceived 1 magnums 1 wave 1 hearty 1 hissing 1 enigmas 1 herself 1 tocked 1 ascertain 1 pretty 1 subtly 1 arrows 1 skeletal 1 eyelash 1 document 1 lurk 1 arguably 1 logos 1 translates 1 lithe 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 ground - swell 1 ledbetter - told 1 send 1 dinky 1 patricians 1 curved 1 pal 1 sugar 1 spicy 1 tripped 1 low - slung 1 gentlemen 1 sizable 1 regions 1 halt 1 invasion 1 start 1 trembled 1 strawberries 1 carelessly 1 weathercocks 1 resent 1 obscure 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 begins 1 fitfully 1 would ' ve 1 convoluted 1 blazon 1 occasional 1 nod 1 packing 1 brambles 1 voices 1 generally 1 moat 1 far - flung 1 pimple 1 father 1 elder 1 shed 1 daughter 1 audience 1 epic 1 money 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ferrari 1 gin 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 dew 1 chirring 1 eight 1 endeavors 1 forward 1 acquired 1 compared 1 cooler 1 jibe 1 waders 1 swirled 1 flicker 1 pallid 1 flicked 1 colleagues 1 substrate 1 sol 1 man- 1 sinew 1 handy 1 grail - first 1 tectonic 1 sake 1 slicker 1 external 1 announced 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 what 'd 1 prey 1 lamentable 1 droll 1 jittered 1 cross 1 gown 1 heed 1 prisoners 1 patterns 1 sweet 1 weird - looking 1 uncurling 1 monster 1 americana 1 parked 1 polynesia 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 hangers - on 1 information 1 odyssey 1 venture 1 wallet 1 rust 1 chronic 1 winking 1 stamp 1 hat 1 deathly 1 delivered 1 misery 1 mountains 1 snarl 1 qualified 1 shapes 1 dappled 1 asia 1 horn 1 zoologists 1 crabbed 1 fruition 1 ugly 1 doctor 1 stair - case 1 shifted 1 brusque 1 untangling 1 knows 1 plates 1 jungles 1 begged 1 teetered 1 stool 1 waived 1 victim 1 top - dollar 1 filmmakers 1 hooked 1 intelligently 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 blind 1 town - orren 1 poling 1 crumbs 1 annoyance 1 perilously 1 recall 1 patches 1 ached 1 treatises 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 marquee 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 pasture 1 making 1 west 1 goop 1 1762 1 screen 1 textured 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 carnal 1 viciously 1 registered 1 indifference 1 rub 1 defense 1 crowning 1 plastic - sheeted 1 glee 1 anthracite 1 pitiless 1 maze 1 misty 1 busier 1 students ' 1 secured 1 grizzled 1 megalomaniacal 1 chatted 1 increasing 1 decadence 1 carnation 1 degrees 1 uproariously 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bunkers 1 behold 1 collapsed 1 receiver 1 tall 1 hoo 1 unfortunately 1 tumbledown 1 full - color 1 charcoal 1 devil 1 almost 1 evasively 1 streetlights 1 winters 1 lately 1 partitioned 1 deserted 1 circle 1 solitude 1 uncomprehendingly 1 contain 1 revolutions 1 cast 1 crucifix 1 customs 1 affiliations 1 sultry 1 hit 1 glimmered 1 science 1 getaway 1 m 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 scraped 1 shoulders 1 fronts 1 tip 1 indulgence 1 movies 1 stagger 1 middle 1 transformation 1 summon 1 neurology 1 applied 1 antlers 1 mist 1 concert 1 barren 1 elections 1 want - ad 1 crew 1 aimlessly 1 throws 1 specialties 1 squeezed 1 clothes 1 failing 1 occupation 1 woods 1 tomorrow 1 society 1 hiding 1 performers 1 forced 1 contented 1 focus 1 begin 1 disfigured 1 hue 1 dotted 1 aspect 1 likely 1 pebble 1 brushfires 1 smoldering 1 mournful 1 discuss 1 struck 1 selling 1 sighed 1 yellowing 1 somebody 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 mangrove 1 garage 1 politically 1 merry 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 suit - jackets 1 presence- 1 guests 1 drinks 1 remove 1 watercolors 1 veined 1 ditch 1 emerge 1 escape 1 savvy 1 impeccable 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 older 1 buzzing 1 racing 1 lag 1 sleek 1 gables 1 wing - backed 1 ties 1 filters 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 subside 1 frighten 1 reef 1 shone 1 scooped 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 design 1 petunias 1 uneasily 1 posh 1 stripping 1 abyssal 1 paintings 1 occurred 1 jabbed 1 blurred 1 spindly 1 northern 1 incognito 1 term 1 cannon 1 assertion 1 drone 1 indicative 1 confined 1 friendly 1 quit 1 what 's 1 crackled 1 mutely 1 petrified 1 real - life 1 view 1 northwest 1 ship 1 discovered 1 sit 1 scowls 1 aftermath 1 fearsomely 1 blackmailed 1 blue - gray 1 obligatory 1 fractured 1 impending 1 merged 1 cottage 1 frosted 1 breaker 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 earnest 1 disciple 1 inscrutable 1 walter 1 halted 1 buckled 1 encased 1 shipped 1 holes 1 warmth 1 office 1 burroughs 1 news 1 so - called 1 polished 1 potential 1 snuck 1 gaped 1 bitters 1 roused 1 powerless 1 dishes ' 1 columbian 1 carved 1 cab 1 pool 1 fascination 1 linked 1 blacks 1 dragging 1 halls 1 divided 1 approaching 1 genesis 1 sank 1 meant 1 killer 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 royals 1 walnut 1 roam 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 moldy 1 stratospheric 1 prominent 1 abandoned 1 santa 1 masked 1 back - wards 1 brackish 1 traveled 1 pint 1 unique 1 highways 1 military 1 warrants 1 duskier 1 gaze 1 subdued 1 moore - head 1 figure 1 unresolved 1 makeup 1 hosed 1 chief 1 lanky 1 cane 1 mileposts 1 mill 1 hungarian 1 impatiently 1 congregation 1 genteel 1 may 1 copper 1 goddess 1 medicinal 1 emissaries 1 hall 1 gravel 1 attached 1 hers 1 immediate 1 nothingness 1 novel 1 extraordinary 1 graveyard 1 moonlight 1 wardrobe 1 spires 1 predate 1 incongruous 1 rearing 1 engagements 1 hesitated 1 casual 1 jesus 1 supercolony 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 clandestine 1 effected 1 clicked 1 comparative 1 crimson 1 remember 1 summoned 1 guilt - crazed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 universal 1 coastal 1 quentin 1 softball 1 roustabouts 1 proved 1 similarities 1 identical 1 event 1 stern 1 frictionless 1 presume 1 taxidermists 1 chiffon 1 slowly 1 ruin 1 included 1 bared 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 rot 1 hefty 1 cribbage 1 pressure 1 manifold 1 admit 1 animals 1 makes 1 eschewed 1 bled 1 sweater 1 sadder 1 boulevard 1 sheds 1 folded 1 soberly 1 quest 1 aboard 1 thunderheads 1 schematic 1 gaunt 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 1890s 1 filmmaking 1 ceo 1 gears 1 yellow - gray 1 pay 1 hidey 1 believes 1 mover 1 kilometers 1 fascinations 1 tension 1 behavioral 1 slammed 1 doggedly 1 fondly 1 toast 1 jam 1 greens 1 undertaken 1 ha 1 standing 1 pensioner 1 champ 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 evidence 1 fame 1 fronted 1 nadine - she 1 plugged 1 easy 1 basically 1 repellant 1 tortoise 1 rise 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 beating 1 bother 1 button - up 1 barbecued 1 ruined 1 deforested 1 rumbling 1 ballroom 1 charismatic 1 gypsy 1 device 1 brawn 1 fibers 1 slacks 1 page 1 pockets 1 overwhelmed 1 like- 1 somebody 's 1 reeds 1 enamored 1 carapaces 1 wasteland 1 compulsion 1 formidable 1 pall 1 edge 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 container 1 repositories 1 talent 1 mrs 1 rooster 1 here - dried 1 gaps 1 crystallize 1 cancelled 1 coagulated 1 ward 1 horseshit 1 slicks 1 stags 1 engagement 1 convenience 1 floated 1 dining 1 instantly 1 ashen 1 rancid 1 son 1 handsome 1 human 1 you 'll 1 classical 1 canteen 1 producers 1 eyed 1 lotus 1 violently 1 cabinets 1 accustomed 1 wrung 1 scientific 1 fermented 1 flies 1 planks 1 monica 1 avuncular 1 cell 1 cry 1 slopped 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 crickets 1 string 1 secretary 1 lem me 1 dominant 1 ledgers 1 foggiest 1 animated 1 bunk 1 cousteau 1 edged 1 curse 1 politely 1 lightning 1 tin 1 interviews 1 testosterone - glutted 1 ribbed 1 summit 1 resin 1 jefferson 1 flower 1 wagons 1 lamentably 1 drooled 1 medication 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 grant 1 lizards 1 jaguar 1 shooting 1 library 1 reptiles 1 words 1 renting 1 interpreters 1 inscrutably 1 infinitely 1 apple 1 mahogany 1 okinawa 1 windowsills 1 shrunk 1 seats 1 hallmark 1 minutes 1 tentatively 1 corpse 1 hired 1 forces 1 alien 1 worthless 1 cinematography 1 rocking 1 veranda 1 yammered 1 drops 1 rusty 1 inconspicuously 1 late - night 1 grabbed 1 facility 1 whilst 1 spiral - shaped 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 flicking 1 studios 1 drip 1 youthful 1 lackadaisically 1 johns 1 harshly 1 trafficked 1 fool 1 knackered 1 softened 1 established 1 hopscotched 1 handyman 1 searching 1 message 1 thicker 1 overlooking 1 belly 1 mosquito 's 1 idiot 1 kyla 's 1 surveillance 1 wicker 1 pelted 1 perform 1 cervix 1 squirt 1 discarding 1 efficiency 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 bet 1 nearby 1 gooseneck 1 moved 1 effect 1 revolved 1 ridiculously 1 ufos 1 56 1 greasy 1 backs 1 amidst 1 bahamas 1 sudden 1 coli 1 sayin ' 1 perspective 1 rooftops 1 reunion 1 trying 1 aloof 1 major 1 knack 1 clapped 1 sugar - spun 1 above 1 help 1 hammock 1 consciousness 1 snow 1 modest 1 ago - guess 1 temperate 1 mighty 1 waterway 1 cozy 1 matters 1 pinpoint 1 charges 1 sinewy 1 broadway 1 sore 1 orbiting 1 smoky 1 spastically 1 ol ' 1 cracked 1 unbearable 1 choked 1 elaborate 1 breast 1 activity 1 placed 1 presence 1 sincerely 1 peasant 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 perpetual 1 setting 1 shouted 1 jupiter 's 1 jacques 1 spring - loaded 1 truman 's 1 girth 1 warped 1 ended 1 yankee 1 flooded 1 melon 1 situation 1 kyla 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 jungle 1 market 1 colossal 1 vomit 1 guard 1 curl 1 danforth 1 race 1 south 1 sorting 1 ebon 1 rendezvous 1 hopkins 1 top 1 woman - child - ripe 1 somberly 1 beard 1 front 1 star - gazer 1 asking 1 professional 1 directly 1 gristle 1 excuse 1 china 1 wildlife 1 shrunken 1 slides 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 government 1 mustaches 1 holy 1 half - hidden 1 plane 1 plums 1 gardens 1 debt 1 trickled 1 spider 1 liquid 1 convicts 1 fine 1 hunted 1 pace 1 inland 1 jet 1 frequently 1 researcher 1 smiling 1 tea 1 donned 1 men 's 1 sensibilities 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 hubby 1 incoherent 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 daiquiris 1 diluted 1 sliced 1 beluga 1 harrowing 1 encompass 1 empire 1 farewell 1 drenched 1 stare 1 ceramic 1 city 1 trudged 1 maintenance 1 trench 1 dearly 1 umm 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 symmetry 1 positively 1 foil 1 hated 1 tarred 1 seminar 1 condolences 1 crooked 1 mammals 1 knee 1 glistened 1 ahem 1 watery 1 quarters 1 nurseries 1 basketball 1 divans 1 cooper 1 crones 1 sports 1 unkempt 1 grace 1 plus 1 slumbering 1 inhabitants 1 giant 1 ceased 1 need 1 positioned 1 tinsel 1 revolutionize 1 cup 1 outside 1 performed 1 cultists 1 families 1 angled 1 caviar 1 combing 1 lunch 1 herald 1 working 1 cusp 1 knowing 1 cronkite 1 arisen 1 countless 1 difficult 1 sickly 1 truckload 1 indicated 1 dwell 1 documents 1 print 1 lighted 1 telephone 1 claim 1 tears 1 pads 1 mansion 1 comparison 1 bore 1 flick 1 reclaim 1 sluice 1 sizzled 1 diminutive 1 hateful 1 shebang 1 swiftly 1 inherited 1 slunk 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 might ' ve 1 seethed 1 biscuits 1 zoomed 1 condescension 1 support 1 apologetically 1 disinterested 1 ants 1 petroleum 1 skidded 1 trucks 1 crawls 1 car 1 spun 1 portion 1 happens 1 villa 1 flowers 1 lear 's 1 hairpin 1 chilled 1 hours 1 applications 1 volunteer 1 negative 1 fellas 1 wavering 1 hate 1 anyway 1 clean - shaven 1 advice - when 1 sifted 1 below 1 gold - it 1 comforting 1 men - at - arms 1 greatly 1 adventure 1 grade 1 eerily 1 mystery 1 inhaled 1 squeaked 1 recently 1 stirred 1 rebuild 1 accounts - the 1 sad 1 lover 1 fixing 1 lady 1 packs 1 writing 1 faint 1 ticket 1 gingerly 1 dipping 1 chipped 1 raining 1 jar 1 twenty - threeyear - old 1 recesses 1 dented 1 cramped 1 items 1 60s 1 lopsided 1 waters 1 whined 1 steel 1 warrior - daughter 1 whimpered 1 details 1 extended 1 saucer 1 surveying 1 trademark 1 shucked 1 cheekbones 1 trusty 1 blinked 1 forty 1 ominously 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 smack 1 moiling 1 easily 1 subtle 1 ford 1 shortwave 1 ferocious 1 slope 1 pack 1 interminable 1 war 1 quadrants 1 wished 1 profited 1 kiddy 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 canon 1 aardvark 1 earthy 1 producer 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 options 1 tabletop 1 hapless 1 housekeeper 1 wordlessly 1 staff 1 one - armed 1 directions 1 siphon 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 bowl 1 monotonous 1 hunched 1 cauliflowers 1 blue 1 oration 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 sorrow 1 somewhere 1 meal 1 opening 1 rubber 1 buy 1 autumn 1 soldier 1 flailed 1 wit 1 undying 1 nerveless 1 shades 1 with - out 1 doomed 1 breezy 1 every 1 shifting 1 innards 1 isolated 1 model 1 controversial 1 reserve 1 tightened 1 stand 1 pushed 1 swathes 1 legion 1 dewar 's 1 staid 1 care 1 accommodate 1 poorly 1 shuddered 1 permits 1 brass 1 slow 1 rifles 1 highly 1 italian 1 flimsy 1 soil 1 map 1 genial 1 dreamed 1 beside 1 sooner 1 naturalist 's 1 industrial - sized 1 underfoot 1 whiskey - coffee 1 acclaim 1 buzzed 1 artifacts 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 case 1 horned 1 warmed 1 illumed 1 perfunctory 1 andes 1 frequencies 1 silver 1 haze 1 shoe 1 attract 1 sailed 1 lolling 1 coveralls 1 circle - we 're 1 majestically 1 painters 1 fistful 1 looping 1 strode 1 entertain 1 repaired 1 complexity 1 bungalow 1 cooperate 1 smoked 1 labyrinthine 1 graced 1 primitive 1 hood 1 esp 1 circles 1 lesser 1 trace 1 dilettante 1 chill 1 untouched 1 cone 1 east 1 wells 1 yards 1 security 1 suave 1 lightweight 1 station 1 art 1 licked 1 linen 1 anonymity 1 carp 1 truly 1 grandest 1 circa 1 facilitators 1 crows 1 flag 1 citizens 1 seat 1 sprawl 1 ferns 1 thoughts 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 carousel 1 cambrian 1 reservoir 1 answer 1 please 1 deck 1 hack 1 hulk 1 unfinished 1 layer 1 signs 1 dwelt 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 glazed 1 hazelnuts 1 decent 1 burgeoning 1 murky 1 lazy 1 plug 1 japanese 1 belt 1 conductive 1 physically 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 lawyer 1 proclaimed 1 creature 1 built 1 legend 1 grand 1 puts 1 gathered 1 farming 1 monitor 1 rested 1 puffed 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 initial 1 waffles 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 birches 1 shove 1 silverware 1 precarious 1 fit 1 robbers 1 minerva 's 1 discovery 1 awake 1 recognition 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 pandemonium 1 tracing 1 pretended 1 aware 1 radiance 1 purple - tinted 1 chose 1 lead 1 sliding 1 fitted 1 record 1 forgot 1 truth - beasley 1 apples 1 photographic 1 reel 1 high - velocity 1 blouse 1 monkey 's 1 america 1 poker 1 prominence 1 engineering 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 sweats 1 chauffeur 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 thrashed 1 sic 1 cabin 1 itur 1 scarred 1 unclassified 1 stories 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 bastards 1 portions 1 buffalo 1 jotted 1 conducted 1 swirling 1 service 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 beasley - the 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 feeling 1 cigar 1 surmise 1 mon - arch 1 prediction 1 thanks 1 grave 1 swayed 1 circuit 1 void 1 milled 1 shaft 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 sleeve 1 gnash 1 oh - have 1 sagged 1 blood - warm 1 weight 1 stock 1 reality 1 firsthand 1 wheezing 1 finished 1 bucks 1 of- 1 sublime 1 loves 1 folding 1 chores 1 drawn 1 overcame 1 extinct 1 chafe 1 grow 1 bird 1 italy 1 wink 1 squeeze 1 over - grown 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 muscle 1 valuable 1 hardly 1 playfully 1 mission 1 find 1 brief 1 rooms 1 drowned 1 array 1 estimated 1 site 1 love - less 1 year 1 limpid 1 laboratory 1 bettie 1 sprawled 1 shambling 1 nixon - era 1 muscles 1 photos 1 steel - blue 1 soap 1 riveting 1 worst 1 skated 1 transparent 1 rutted 1 gardener 1 cubes 1 conscious 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 saltbox 1 hovered 1 happen 1 bodyguards 1 irregular 1 statesmen 1 slipping 1 migrated 1 some - times 1 ornate 1 compound 1 spurs 1 rain 1 rachel 1 comrade 1 shavings 1 surplus 1 captured 1 joints 1 whining 1 swelled 1 handlebar 1 nonetheless 1 nicked - up 1 acrid 1 ephemeral 1 nice 1 immaterial 1 half - a - dozen 1 methods - scrying 1 timber 1 associating 1 haven't - you 1 whispery 1 whicker 1 owe 1 blond 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 moral 1 miniature 1 ur - progenitor 1 necklace 1 handle 1 equipment 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 hints 1 curtains 1 hennessy 1 deeply 1 vitally 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 owed 1 eccentricities 1 bear 1 cloying 1 satisfaction 1 snuffled 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 disbelief 1 quantity 1 outbuildings 1 doctor 's 1 weeks 1 witches 1 pardon 1 cars 1 gasped 1 amusing 1 spectral 1 bottomless 1 frames 1 independent 1 approached 1 quality 1 eighty - seven - minute 1 hanger 1 intensity 1 raw 1 industriously 1 vision 1 squashed 1 thus 1 cataclysmically 1 daily 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 worms 1 waste 1 described 1 hand - sewn 1 physiologist 1 whiskey 1 thrilled 1 astrobiology 1 named 1 free 1 detested 1 pun - i ' m 1 prison 1 bags 1 scary 1 evolution 1 explanation 1 hour 1 others 1 loose 1 relay 1 tasteless 1 territory - a 1 click - clacking 1 tool 1 sent 1 transition 1 chorused 1 impressive 1 orders 1 you ' ve 1 lacquered 1 guilty 1 gon na 1 pissed 1 somebody - i 1 clay 1 aspects 1 fragile 1 boss 1 ticked 1 spread 1 ass 1 arched 1 bosom 1 broke 1 protest 1 chain 1 longstanding 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 charnel 1 submachine 1 washboard 1 mummified 1 snifter 1 admittedly 1 cousins 1 ad 1 defenseless 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 link 1 grandmother 1 lingered 1 radiant 1 complement 1 lives 1 peer 1 truth 1 sherwood - the 1 flaming 1 weeds 1 roofs 1 bananas 1 trawled 1 shriek 1 slid 1 won 1 clinked 1 fail 1 chocolate 1 savage 1 memorized 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 though 1 attack 1 mottos 1 assuredly 1 prehistoric 1 inextricably 1 secret 1 surf 1 soullessly 1 visited 1 extract 1 motive 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 mixture 1 wisely 1 silk 1 immigrated 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 dodos 1 urgent 1 puppet 1 blurbs 1 squat 1 centered 1 waist - high 1 beetle 1 public 1 mood 1 succumb 1 rumbled 1 yelling 1 x - ray 1 too - warm 1 pattern 1 eastern 1 soothing 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 problems 1 william 1 ponderously 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scientist 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 techs 1 echo 1 sections 1 faces 1 path 1 vines 1 single 1 stout 1 justify 1 trapezoidal 1 observe 1 drew 1 tomb - dark 1 importer 1 roundabout 1 chuckle 1 seaside 1 faded 1 open - back 1 cords 1 shoes 1 normally 1 fourth 1 peeked 1 g-2 1 surroundings 1 namely 1 fred 1 ushered 1 appeared 1 shellac 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 hand - ground 1 compare 1 serrated 1 propped 1 pretending 1 clearly 1 deformed 1 warbled 1 pill 1 tone 1 machines 1 touch 1 spikes 1 barrage 1 alive 1 directors 1 actor 1 within 1 pesticide 1 led 1 imaging 1 concluded 1 covers 1 undeterred 1 solemn 1 exclusive 1 dressed 1 stream 1 myself 1 jellyfish 1 feverish 1 store 1 dreams 1 b - list 1 trip 1 wear 1 luminescence 1 oily 1 pastures 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 machinery 1 spain 1 70s 1 goodly 1 walking 1 tallest 1 bank 1 evolutionary 1 redeye 1 youth 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 concomitant 1 stanford 1 sideways 1 says 1 straightened 1 naturalistic 1 wasted 1 heart 's 1 dissertation 1 blew 1 knees 1 admired 1 brawler 1 ghoul 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 zoology 1 wits 1 whip - cracks 1 duck 1 hamlet 1 idea 1 vegetation 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 confided 1 drowning 1 restrained 1 confirm 1 equal 1 cluster 1 honor 1 oblong 1 concentrate 1 guy 1 gesticulate 1 sixteen 1 docs 1 grandfather 1 astra 1 used 1 entwined 1 steps 1 story 1 nightmare 1 screeched 1 loosely 1 nor 1 scared 1 looks 1 sneak 1 ground 1 housed 1 lab 1 tracked 1 coast 1 dragnet 1 must ' ve 1 flavor 1 stark 1 seltzer 1 chandelier 1 unwise 1 burrow 1 rinds 1 melting 1 otherwise 1 green - lighted 1 desire 1 bunkhouse 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 should ' ve 1 festival 1 afterward 1 purgatory 1 grotesque 1 rushed 1 arthropods 1 darkened 1 a - lab - i 1 nibble 1 facades 1 sign 1 change 1 are n't 1 mavericks 1 cyclopean 1 body - guards 1 newspaper 1 averted 1 thirty 1 realize 1 rests 1 endure 1 sizes 1 sinuses 1 pedipalps 1 lurked 1 magically 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 coasted 1 coppola 1 neglect 1 burring 1 brushed 1 extinction 1 imaginary 1 spill 1 comprehensive 1 fog - wreathed 1 wing 1 objects 1 unknown 1 promising 1 machine 1 enigma 1 names 1 point 1 murderous 1 wail 1 forehead 1 gained 1 actresses 1 rosy 1 verge 1 bulb 1 does n't 1 hoisted 1 gehenna 1 pull 1 fences 1 cached 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 meters 1 association 1 lungs 1 locked 1 marshes 1 fella 1 fancy 1 thoughts - his 1 game 1 maples 1 gripped 1 pariplenata 1 bland 1 sunk 1 swallow 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 nearly 1 snowflakes 1 glitch 1 pure 1 hayricks 1 inevitable 1 so - so 1 eccentric 1 mold 1 australian 1 rich- 1 headlights 1 floral 1 trot 1 ivory 1 flabby 1 stove 1 feminine 1 minute 1 leftovers 1 floes 1 volunteers 1 mercurial 1 try 1 wiry 1 bullet - headed 1 circumstances 1 polish 1 wings 1 stealthy 1 circled 1 vain 1 field - however 1 pigs 1 archives 1 read 1 respects 1 killed 1 cannes 1 translated 1 paint 1 hyperbolic 1 holocaust 1 byways 1 champagne 1 adrenaline 1 squirm 1 psychedelic 1 scattered 1 skyscrapers 1 care - fully 1 maui 1 present 1 ruggedly 1 dryly 1 starlet 1 subdue 1 headed 1 that 'll 1 bathed 1 exultation 1 sweetheart 1 extraordinaire 1 amid 1 ate 1 lured 1 reminiscent 1 weather 1 flare 1 um - hmm 1 expanses 1 health 1 languorous 1 supposed 1 governor 1 gradually 1 coops 1 reign 1 sang 1 crucible 1 skies 1 predawn 1 thinner 1 ventured 1 fastening 1 task 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 senses 1 gently 1 jelly 1 academy 1 scowled 1 adult 1 accident 1 dicey 1 seem 1 glance 1 inhospitable 1 horn - rimmed 1 massive 1 stage 1 thompson 1 clung 1 extremely 1 too - short 1 drab 1 setup 1 shingle 1 revelations 1 sneaked 1 misadventures 1 segue 1 terminated 1 blank 1 membership 1 steel - they 1 surreptitiously 1 raise 1 affair 1 opens 1 tread 1 completely 1 bentley 1 songs 1 lines 1 homes 1 acid 1 bloodthirsty 1 poster 1 loneliness 1 scaled 1 minus 1 caromed 1 imprecations 1 imagery 1 sloshing 1 sleeping 1 tube 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 powerhouse 1 obsidian 1 cavalry 1 humans 1 loyal 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 bout 1 origins 1 stacks 1 overboard 1 contribution 1 spots 1 intelligent 1 iced 1 microscopic 1 daredevil 1 cream 1 show- 1 pronto 1 immediacy 1 emotions 1 crossed 1 old - timers 1 super - sixteen 1 rear 1 instincts 1 listen 1 brown 1 bought 1 hopped 1 spectrum 1 fur 1 foundation 1 principles 1 sabers 1 hips 1 scapulae 1 ridge 1 football 1 underground 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 informed 1 railing 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 person 's 1 demands 1 remained 1 live 1 counter 1 soul 1 freshener 1 collage 1 pupils 1 success 1 rotor 1 checked 1 prawns 1 minerals 1 vases 1 team 1 shitter 1 anne 1 modifications 1 picture 1 moods 1 seriously 1 financiers 1 totally 929 .
i do nt understand you young people , she admitted as she slathered a mouth - watering scone with clotted cream and strawberry jam .
natassia eyed her sister disparagingly , and was especially piqued when mars took up a scone and was not only allowed as many as she wished , but was given some homemade jam and organic butter to slather it with .
it was that old pearl jam song , the one where the guy screams he s still alive , still alive , alive .
do nt worry , i think even if it is jam packed full of ghosts , you ll have nothing to worry about .
raspberry jam .
i pulled away from the jam and looked at my hands .
slumping against the door jam , i slipped and slid down to the ground .
kind of a folk - rock thing , like a mix of janis joplin and pearl jam .
pearl jam ?
peanut butter and jam , her favourite .
we use blackcurrant jam .
all that ... jam ?
is it jam ?
like an infection or ... or jam . ''
as decisions , and i mean important ones , not should i put butter or jam on my toast ones , but as their consequences manifest , universes split , like cells dividing .
jams and jellies , squash , green beans , pickled okra , tomatoes , salsa , apple sauce , you name it ; it was there .
in the vicinity of his shoulder , it felt like the titans fingers were turning his flesh into gooseberry jam , like his bones were crumbling to dust .
he slowed and pointed at a cluster of lumps in the glossy surface , like a smear of jam over the berry seeds .
shed finished off eggs , fruit , potato pancakes , toast , jam , tea , and amen sistercold pepsi .
we were not knowing what we should do , but we stood still in front of him , with the glasses in our hands , '' what this sweet cost sir , '' farhan said , he was pointing to some , sweets of indian style , there was an artificial , flower of jam in front of it and was making it look really good .
on a saucer she arranged a fan of saltines , each cracker smeared with red jam .
when i reached the jam , i leapt into the doorway .
it sounded like biscuits and jam , along with fresh fruit would all be on the menu .
it smelled like spicy , rotten fruit jam .
then the double doors of kashwakamak hall opened on their own , and the mingled odors that came out , although faint - olfactory ghosts of other years - was still an anodyne to the stink of the flock : spices , jams , hay , and livestock .
something sticky that fell like jam or maple syrup all down the side of his face .
` ` this young woman , this roadbabe with attitude , this flashing female flame of commitment , will now explain , complete with pictures and taped accompaniment by the noted rock ensemble pearl jam - ` ` ` ` just shut the fuck up , '' steve said .
pearl jam started up in owen 's cans .
he did n't care for pearl jam , but in this bunch he was a minority .
not great , but better than pearl jam .
let them hear the grayboys one last time instead of pearl jam or jar of flies or rage against the machine ; the grayboys appealing to what they had foolishly hoped was some better nature .
but until then probably the worst thing that had ever happened to her in her life other than falling out of that pony - trap , and i 'll bet she did n't even remember that was getting turned over her daddy 's knee and paddled or having her hand slapped for trying to take one of nan melda 's jam tarts before they were cooled .
it was raspberry jam or raspberry filling , not blood .
she would garnish this humble repast with two slices of toast and jam , a ten - ounce tumbler of orange juice , and two cups of coffee with cream to follow .
her family sat stock still , all together near the left aisle , like a spot of blackberry jam on a white handkerchief .
give me three slices of bread and some strawberry jam and i think i could die happy . ''
there were a hundred empty parking places on the street before the alhambra , empty tables in the arcadia tea and jam shoppe next door .
separated from the alhambra 's grounds by a high thick hedge , the arcadia tea and jam shoppe stood first in a row of brightly colored shops .
he looked away for a moment , and when he looked back , his mother was spreading jam from one of the pots on the table over a triangular section of toast .
jack heard the door of the arcadia tea and jam shoppe banging shut an instant after the little bell had sounded .
on the other side of the vast gulf of time he 'd spent in the tea and jam shoppe , he had called the clerk a creep .
' okay , ' he said , wishing suddenly that he were back in the tea and jam shoppe with his mother .
and was his mother still sitting by herself in the tea and jam shoppe , wondering why she had let him go ?
he was as good as dead then , but i kicked him again and again , kicked him until there was nothing but pulp and strawberry jam , nothing anyone could ever identify , not by teeth , not by anything .
so we walked back to the farm together , my father with his fish pole propped on his shoulder just like one of my friends , me carrying his creel , both of us eating folded - over slices of my mother 's bread smeared with black - currant jam .
what pleasure it would give her to blow that fucking dog 's head to so much oatmeal and strawberry jam !
there is a formal breakfast later in the morning , with biscuits and jam and coffee , and all the griersons sitting around the table , richard and his mother trying to make pleasant conversation , james looking at temple only when she is not looking at him .
jakob shouted , bending down quickly behind some stacked jars of jam and honey .
jakob poked his head over the top of the stall and licked some jam from his lips .
he gestured towards several students giggling around a desk covered with a board game , alongside a tray of pastries filled with strawberry and lemon jam .
his stomach was full of dumplings and jam roly - poly , complaining bitterly now it was being put under some stress , and sylvester was forced to evacuate in a derelict bus concourse .
and what was more : ice sculptures , a cake huge and tiered , jam sponge embellished with ribbons of varicoloured icing , adorned with frosted scenes from selected histories , myths & legends , picturesque and painted , raised like a ziggurat and flowing with delicate liquorice streamers , its architecture classical and its aspect mouth - watering , precise in scale and elevation .
she 'd never hurt a fly , unless it was one of those nasty bluebottle ones that bite , and even then she 'd probably trap it inside an empty jam jar and let it slowly suffocate rather than squish it with a fly swatter .
how about strawberry jam ?
worries smell like rotten shoes , money worries smell like rotten shoes covered in raspberry jam .
what about raspberry jam ?
no more toast and jam ?
i absentmindedly toyed with one of the jam sachets .
i had a light breakfast of toast with jam while abigail opted for a giant spinach omelette .
he 'd heard his mother 's voice , talking calmly of jam sponges while changing the record , one of hundreds his father brought home in cardboard boxes , each in a square brown envelope .
shed made dad his favorite bacon , sunnyside - up eggs and toast with strawberry jam real strawberry jam , not the artificially flavored one .
shed made dad his favorite bacon , sunnyside - up eggs and toast with strawberry jam real strawberry jam , not the artificially flavored one .
i wanted to incredible hulk and knock down the pirate shop , model shop , whatever you want to call it , i wanted to smash it into the dirt and make jam out of everyone in it .
he picked things up , shook and prodded them , prised open half - sealed tins to poke at their thick skins of paint , and held yellowed jam jars with their jellied solvents to the light .
` ` ... in flood and in drought and in locusts , and who would bring home the strawberry jam .
` ` i think it is a kind of jam my old grandma used to make ... '' ` ` if i might suggest something , '' deer lord interrupted , ` ` maybe you should go to see the oracle . ''
then we went to the tearoom and i got a scone with bramble jam .
as the captain of the little tub of fun jam had also been asked to provide transport for a fellow hero , the hero looked back uncomfortably , all three of him .
spiritwind took the spare sofa between jam and brick , bobby sat opposite the hairless wonder .
my name is jam shandy and this is.sorry what s your name again ?
my names jam shandy .
brick had spent the stroll talking to jam , unaware the captain 's mind was tucked up in bed .
bobby coaxed the magwanvu in to following the crew to their vehicle , ahead of jam who ambled at the back , wondering if he d remembered to fill the drinks cabinet to party level .
both brick and jam checked the room for any raised hands .
standing up they strolled over to the table to find brick , jam , and spiritwind staring in silence at the object .
bobby saw the whole adventure as a holiday and was happy to go along with anything , and jam was simply jam .
bobby saw the whole adventure as a holiday and was happy to go along with anything , and jam was simply jam .
the trio at the bar turned to find brick , spiritwind , jam and the information post from earlier , all falling over each other .
bettina toasted the idea , and with a subtle nod of her head suggested they all move to the comfier seats that jam had procured .
sharing glances of uncertainty brick , spiritwind and jam remained still .
with the addition of jam and spiritwind the room had become somewhat cramped .
brick noticed spiritwind and jam eyeing up the sofa .
with jam sat down brick was ushered to the middle .
either there s a breed of dog evolved to look exactly like jam or he s sat in the dog shop .
you have to close your eyes and truly embrace the reality that none of this is real .. jam disappeared instantly .
fearing the awkwardness he d inevitably create he hid in conversation with jam .
why is nt jam shandy a romantic plot device ?
who s jam shandy ?
` ` you appear to have fallen , jam . ''
reaching the top of the ladder he bumped in to jam , who was returning with brick 's drink .
` ` what do you think jam ? ''
dandara and bettina were in conversation , bobby in wonder , the magwanvu in peeved silence , and jam in coherent .
` ` how did that happen , because jam 's explanation is better than anything i can think of . ''
we 're all existing and should be aware of that ... .. '' brick looked at jam .
dandara had had enough fun and turned to bettina , jam , bobby and the magwanvu , to propose her plan for the next stage .
` ` leaving jam , bobby and the magwanvu to be ... ... '' dandara left a gap again .
spiritwind pointed to bobby , jam and the magwanvu .
bobby continued exploring flowers through his nose whilst asking jam and the magwanvu .
` ` well done jam .
brick turned to survey dandara 's idea of heroic success : spiritwind was mopping up a kebab spillage from his t - shirt , jam was giggling at his hand moving back and forth in front of his face , bobby sang to himself while testing the smoothness of the floor with his cheek , and the magwanvu repeatedly hit the person nearest to it on the back of the head .
sandbag released the headlock from jam and repeated his combination of punches and a kick , only in a different order .
four attempts later , with jam sat in a dizzy heap on the floor and bobby running around sandbag 's legs imparting mantras of peace and wisdom as he went , the magwanvu 's plan came together .
the magwanvu instructed bobby and jam of their intention .
by the time their brains had realised the shadows were bobby , jam and the magwanvu sprinting past , team tranquil had already strayed into the grasp of dollop .
the rest of the heroes continued into the darkness unsure where they were going , only jam did n't know where they 'd just been .
spiritwind had found a plate of buffet food , brick was being ignored by a woman of amazonian stature , bettina shrugged her understanding with a cocktail in each hand , bobby fed off the joy of the room , jam was dancing with somebody 's back , and the magwanvu felt pleased nobody was paying it any attention .
the disappointment was universal , although jam 's was aimed at the discovery of a grey hair in his beard .
spiritwind comforted himself with a four course meal of snacks , brick followed jam 's example and passed out .
brick snapped out of his dream , spiritwind finished his trifle , the magwanvu poked itself in the leg then poked itself back , and jam fell off his chair .
bobby would be happy whatever they did , jam would follow death in his current state , and the magwanvu just wished to be out of the staring angle of so many people .
` ` i do n't think it was that jam but cheers for the input . ''
spiritwind dropped a piece of jam covered toast on his top .
the magwanvu could be seen bickering in the background of the screen on the visuacom , while jam poked a statue depicting one battle of evil or another .
a native of boston , massachusetts , a town in america , bugs harrington was an expert jam jar sealer .
the plant could season and seal thirty - two cans of jam a minute , the same amount of time it took bugs to manage a single jar .
all he ever knew was jam jar sealing , and that occupation had all but disappeared in america .
among the myriad of odd and unique gifts for purchase , he noticed a shelf full of marmalade jam sealed in jars .
this had become a rarity , what with the now pervasive popularity of canned jam .
an astonished harrington questioned the shop keep as to where he procured such jam .
the shop keep responded that it was jam imported from england , a place called upper southrump .
as long as someplace in the world still hand - sealed jam jars , there was a chance a jam jar sealer could find work .
as long as someplace in the world still hand - sealed jam jars , there was a chance a jam jar sealer could find work .
at the end of the lane stood a large factory , cornelius smits ' canned jam supplier .
the canned jam phenomenon had reached england .
he could see his father first showing him how to seal a jam jar tight and sturdy , and he heard the words of his mother begging him good fortune on his trip across the sea .
joy filled the barren jam jar - sealing store .
he has interrupted russ jam session .
i looked at stinky , who poured his rather large frame -- shaking as though it was hastily assembled using the contents of a jam jar -- into a nearby chair .
but the jam of cranberry was stupidly forgot despite it having been especially bought the night before .
it contains oil , bath salts , blackberry jam , and boot polish .
well have another jam .
want a jam man ?
levin and erwan had a jam in erwans room .
his own was in a jam jar being carefully stored , for hour of need , on a shelf in meabhs bedroom .
on the left hand pan he put an empty 7 lb jam tin ( from the canteen ) and tared it by putting on and off the right hand one an assortment of odd nuts and bolts which lived in a plastic cup underneath the bench until it balanced , and all the while wearing his rubber gloves .
once the chemical was flowing smoothly into the bucket , on a nod from peddle , dan caught the stream in his jam tin and held it there until the second nod one minute later and it was downstairs to reweigh while peddle signalled the ' off ' to his oppo .
if the setting was wrong the jam tin would have to be emptied and the whole process gone through again , sometimes three or four times .
too many components and not enough jam tins . ''
it was extremely unlikely that borrow would be able to throw any light upon the events that were a hundred years in his future , but i thought i d sneak an idle look at his observations on the basques while we drank our coffee and breakfasted on freshly baked bread spread with home - made blackberry jam .
the jam , my boy , at your elbow there , simply delicious .
i took the liberty of adding some toasted muffins with butter and jam , he said .
he was as regular as spitfire , and was determined to go out with a bang and a laugh in preference to rattling out his death wheeze all alone , sunken in his squalid bedsit with his teeth in a jam jar and his toupee over the lampshade .
is there anymore jam , she said , hesitating to establish a point of view , then in her embarrassed haste dropping the jam into harpers cappuccino .
is there anymore jam , she said , hesitating to establish a point of view , then in her embarrassed haste dropping the jam into harpers cappuccino .
she was proud of her wobbly breasts and did nt mind setting them off by reaching up too far for the jam , breathing excitedly whenever possible and by walking with a jiggle in her heels .
oh , amanda , like a knapsack of haggis wrapped in several pairs of wainwrights trousers , i crave the fullness of your jam tins .
the decision now made , rockhard adjusted his crowns chinstrap and put more weight on the low pinkie jam keeping him on the face .
picture more tears while i was scraping out a hole in the green cream cheese sculpted frankensteins head to place raspberry jam brains in so that jessie and her friends could scoop the cheesy face and raspberry goo brains out together in one delicious bite on a cracker .
i walk past the duck pond and the small boys fishing with their cane rods and green mesh nets , catching tiddlers to put in their jam jars ; past the rose gardens with the old age pensioners sitting on park benches reflecting on times gone by ; and past the art college with its students carrying their latest canvas creations .
she will be cooking beefsteak or lamb chops , probably with roast potatoes , mixed vegetables and gravy , all followed by jam roly poly and custard .
unlike the previous night this salad did not fill me and now i was left with the taste of toe jam in my mouth .
next was rihannas s & m remix ( do nt judge me , that song is the jam .
they just sit around jamming health bars up each other and licking jam rings suggestively .
i sat by my laptop , eating crackers and jam for dinner .
the berries and jams were from allie who every fall picked every possible apple or raspberry in their garden and the spent days canning it all .
if sartre had been eating english breakfasts instead of croissants and jam , he would nt have come up with all the crap he did .
the junes liked croissants and jam for breakfast every once in a while , but it had been quite some time since they had eaten any dunkin donuts .
emily ate nearly a loaf of my homemade bread , each slice smothered in strawberry jam .
the pictures showed them nice and brown , dripping with butter , and then smothered in either honey or raspberry jam .
she put sugar in her tea , a small luxury she usually went without , and lathered jam on her toast .
she had second thoughts about the jam , and scraped off a third of it .
market street was stuffed full of stalls covered in pristine white chinese tablecloths , and pristine chinese wicker baskets which were stuffed to the brim with jars of jam , chutney , pickles and various other condiments , alongside artistic displays of local wines , vinegar and oils .
will had marmite on his half , alice stuck to jam .
alice flicked some raspberry jam in will 's face .
will scraped the jam from his cheek and spread it with his fingers across a lump of charcoal .
can i spread jam on you ?
he wanted to sleep until nine , eat a breakfast of eggs and potatoes , instead of that vile french non - breakfast of croissants and jam , read the new york times until noon , and then have a decent lunch with a decent bottle of french wine .
ma would provide a lunch of peanut butter and jam sandwiches and a bottle of pop and i 'd eat , leaning against the trunk of that tree .
after you have carefully listed them out ( you may need to write the reasons yourself ) , have the kids decorate the sheets with stamps and banana peel stickers and the jam stuck to the table from lunch ( be very careful that they do not mar the reasons in any way that they can not be read ) and present them to daddy when he walks in the door after work .
uh jam , please .
the carer put a dab of jam into the porridge and mixed it .
red - faced , eyes bulging and jam - packed up to the ears with health , energy , vitamins , riboflavin , anti - oxidants and whatever other health - packed bio things that the food contained , he was now frenetically swallowing the tupperware of cold soup , fired up like a buddha on crack .
that s a fine jar of jam on the sidewalk , said jenkins .
the modern world the jam 4 .
you were all over me , sweetness , like jam on toast , and that s a fact . ''
all bumbles jam jars came to life momentarily and performed a stately elf dance .
i put this inevitability off as long as possible and continued to occupy my time with a whole lot of nothing - days jam - packed with nothing - long , exhausting days : joints at the harbour , on the beach , at cattle point near cadboro bay , drinks at darcys and the beagle and garricks head , coffees at the moka house , long lazy walks in the vale with julien , steven , harry , and julia , but never with ray .
spiritwind nodded his agreement , rescuing his t - shirt from a blob of falling jam at the same time .
they ve got these really nice buns in there on fridays , with jam and cinnamon .
i dreamed of the french toast that in the morning i would slather with butter , syrup , peanut butter , raspberry jam , and four packets of sugar .
she kept the old coal - burning aga stove going day and night with the coal that i fetched from the cellar and kept enormous pots of too - soft apricots we d bought late at the market boiling on top of it for jam .
i said as she passes me by to get to the fridge and removes the raspberry jam jar in order to place it alongside the white butter dish on the wooden worktop next to the clean knife .
i am , instructed to only , speak to her if she speaks to me and i am to call her mam as in jam .
she grabbed a cold biscuit from a plate on the stove , smeared it with some jam and ate it on the way to the chapel .
well , miss priss , if you must know , we 's here being judged in the jam and jelly contest over at the home cookin tent ?
while eating two pieces of toast slathered with butter and jam , he carefully reread all his notes on ridlon and mercury poisoning , then went out to his car to check his equipment for taking water samples .
some dark sticky substance was smeared on her chin that looked like jam from her breakfast .
they gave her a scone to eat , with lots of jam , and she got quite sticky .
she wet a handkerchief at a tap and sat down to wipe the jam off carolines face and hands .
back at the homestead , the ladies of the newly formed branch of the country womens association , led by their president olive sampson , laid out scones and jam and fresh cream .
while scott pays our bill , i wander over to the shelves to check out the jars of blueberry syrup , the homemade strawberry jam , and the natural handmade soaps .
i have never made jam or syrup .
he planned to circle grey 's monument , take in the football ground , weave between the five bridges , buzz the co - op and land back in his garden in time for blue peter and jam sandwiches .
i could ' ve caught them in a jam jar , like frog - spawn .
when she returned she was carrying a tray filled to a delicate balance with teapot , cups and saucers , milk , lemon , ginger , sugars , honey , butter , two jam jars , plates , and a plate of toast points .
there s cherry rhubarb jam or my own lemon curd .
she shook another small jar that once might have held jam .
getting back in the car , lo slides close enough that lex thinks he can smell the raspberry jam she may have had for breakfast .
at one of oksana 's legendary st lucia parties - her parties were legendary - they played deerhunter , with pfannkuchen filled with mustard or jam .
her chin was streaked with jam .
i loved eating the black raspberries and helping her make jam every summer .
when i stayed with them grandma usually made a light lunch for us of tuna salad , cheese or jam on bread because grandpa usually was asleep and did not eat lunch .
came out with butter and cheese , milk and jam .
she sliced some cheese for the toast , found another jar of jam in the pantrythe one in the fridge was all but goneand set the table .
it was not filled by the bowls of breakfast porridge , grey and steaming , the endless slabs of bread and jam we sat and ate in common rooms with threadbare furniture , on cold winter afternoons when it was dark at four .
butter and jam still on the oilcloth - covered table among letters and bills , some opened , a newspaper and a magazine or two .
i had nt given stephen a chance to say he would come with me , just gulped a cup of tepid tea and made a jam sandwich to take with me .
the butter was a little rancid , left out of the fridge too often so it had that vague meaty aftertaste that even the sweetness of the jam could nt mask .
they were standing unceremoniously in a jam jar .
my mother , fiddling with her toast , breaking bits , a thin scrape of butter , a tiny amount of jam and then posted through her lips , chewed as if she might have a pill in her mouth , a self - righteous swallow .
toast with a thin scraping of butter , a smear of strawberry jam , and my mothers voice filling the silence .
cannon had promised him a footburger with extra toe jam sauce , a blackberry shake and onion rings .
at that , christine was happy and returned to the other side of the table and pushed strawberry jam and butter over to julias plate , then returned to peeling apples .
isabelle made coffee , and they ate croissants left over from yesterday , putting what was left of butter and jam on them .
with powdered sugar or jam on it .
dark gaps in your mouth , coins found under the pillow , a little collection of teeth in a jam jar beside mama 's scrapbook .
the table is cluttered with bowls , cups , shakers , tins , plates and jars of strawberry jam , grape jelly , peach preserves , jalapenos , minced garlic , parmesan , monterey jack , crumbled sausage , bacon bits , shredded cheddar , cognac , prosciutto , cinnamon , tabasco , alfalfa sprouts , strawberries , raspberries , blueberries , blackberries , boysenberry jam , chives , capers , barbecue sauce , anchovies , ricotta , wheat germ , teriyaki , lemon curd , sun dried tomatoes , red eye gravy , caramel sauce , maple syrup , molasses , chopped onions , shallots , saffron , pineapple chunks , shredded coconut , salsa , chili peppers , bleu cheese , sardines , soy sauce , worchester sauce , shaved ginger , peanut butter , bourbon , pine nuts , peanuts , cashews , chocolate sauce , butterscotch , horseradish , half and half , brown sugar , goat cheese , ham , mustard greens , wild irish rose , mozzarella , black olives , black pepper , nutmeg , and honey .
the table is cluttered with bowls , cups , shakers , tins , plates and jars of strawberry jam , grape jelly , peach preserves , jalapenos , minced garlic , parmesan , monterey jack , crumbled sausage , bacon bits , shredded cheddar , cognac , prosciutto , cinnamon , tabasco , alfalfa sprouts , strawberries , raspberries , blueberries , blackberries , boysenberry jam , chives , capers , barbecue sauce , anchovies , ricotta , wheat germ , teriyaki , lemon curd , sun dried tomatoes , red eye gravy , caramel sauce , maple syrup , molasses , chopped onions , shallots , saffron , pineapple chunks , shredded coconut , salsa , chili peppers , bleu cheese , sardines , soy sauce , worchester sauce , shaved ginger , peanut butter , bourbon , pine nuts , peanuts , cashews , chocolate sauce , butterscotch , horseradish , half and half , brown sugar , goat cheese , ham , mustard greens , wild irish rose , mozzarella , black olives , black pepper , nutmeg , and honey .
the fairground is already teeming with vendors selling blueberries , leeks , eggs , early corn , flowers , cabbage , beeswax , zucchini , jams , cherries , biscuits , spinach , red velvet cakes , onions , kale , sweet peppers , fruit pies of every imaginable variety , eggplant , raw milk , asparagus , fudge , butter , preserves , nectarines , cheese , scallions , honey , basil , lettuce , chard , summer squash , candles , pigs feet , honey dew , peaches , carrots , radishes , collards , green beans , herb tinctures , snap peas , cucumbers , live chickens , and green onions .
half a dozen slices of bacon and two slices of buttered toast with some strawberry jam .
alma : i ' m going to make the most delicious jam from these figs .
the farmer served alma 's fig jam with a gracious gruel mixed from semolina , honey , and goat cheese .
pastries the color of flowers dripped sweet jam like honey .
indifference by pearl jam is so comforting ; holds me like a close hug , warm and safe .
just a quick jam to loosen up ?
matt cameron , drummer for soundgarden / pearl jam ` ` i loved his descriptions of what it 's like , musically , to be a drummer and i enjoyed getting this glimpse into what makes a guy , even a fictional guy , tick . ''
but the jam continued to be an audition .
she set the bowl of oatmeal and toast on the table in front of julia and removed butter and jam from the refrigerator .
she was leaning on the door jam with her arms folded .
pink , pink floyd , pearl jam , patsy cline , patty griffin , pat benatar , wow , mom , what do you wan na hear ?
anne poured the tea , sliced the bread and set butter , strawberry jam and a couple of plates on the table .
* * * this is the house where they lived she can not believe the emptiness she wanders from room to room unable to think of words only images only memories half remembered disconnected and frail as wisps in the wind this is the bed they shared his great bulk under the quilted covers she warm against his side her cheek against his shoulder they slept in each other 's arms every night when they were young and in love and many since this is the table where they sat together and he ate over his student 's papers handed them back with coffee rings and spots of jam adorning the clean pages he loved to read and he loved to eat to consume this is the hall where they hung up pictures of the famous people they met mostly other writers with their arms reaching up around dc 's shoulders and there she is faded in the background wearing a shy smile odd to see the way that expression remains over the years frozen on her features like a mask while dc 's waistline and dc 's smile grow with every year what a beautiful bear of a man somebody said of him once said it to her in private this is the porch where they sat together and looked out over the little lake and beyond the neighbor 's cows wandered in the tall grass and the geese flew down to land on the water he loved to look at the animals he loved to observe things he loved most of all to observe people he called it research this is his study where she found him that day and where she can not bear to return .
the note was torn off a newspaper that was wrapped around gzas jam strudel when we met on the pedestrian crossing in front of the town hall .
the rolls were steaming hot , with jam oozing out in several places on the tray .
home - made jams and scones , clay pottery , toys , pot plants and bundles of flowers , musty smelling aged second hand books , vegetables and fruits , well used cds , dvds , video and audio tapes , even old 78s , 45s and lp records .
even small kids would offer him treats out of their lunchboxes , or sometimes a jam donut from the tuckshop , and he would always accept graciously and say : thank you .
her manipulation produced a hungry erection : locate and jam home !
amanda was absolutely fascinated by her and , over tea and scones drenched with wild fruit jams exploding with flavor , she slowly got miss bridget to tell about herself and her life .
there was a great round of greetings and introductions and amanda was unpacking jams and preserves sharon had sent , as well as the valentine rose that tom had given her as well as a big bouquet from rosie .
other waterford crystal bowls were brought out filled with jam and honey , and when tom began to speak about the antiques in the barn , miss brown cut him off , insisting that all discussions of such things would have to wait until they got to know one another .
flooded with hot syrup , they were sealed and plunged into a boiling bath of water for half an hour , while amanda taught laura how to make peach jam .
by the time they were ready to put the jam in the jars , the whole peaches came out of the bath , laura using the stainless steel tongs to transfer them to the counter , to rest on the bath towel , perfect balls in the glass gleaming white and lovely .
after the jam was sealed and the metal tops soon began to pop with the contraction of the cooling fruit , laura and amanda looked with admiration at what they had done .
amanda made her mother taste the jam that was left in the pot and it was like ambrosia .
toast , home - made jam and real coffee for breakfast .
james yawned a big bear yawn and pearl jam stopped playing .
wan na jam later ?
i suppose well be okay if we eat peanut butter and jam sandwiches for the next several days .
they returned to their motel and enjoyed peanut butter and jam sandwiches .
living so long on this dry edge of the earth had been a little much for her ; and i wonder now what anguish she felt every time her relatives went back to the old farm without her and her little pride with her place in the strange west must have been weak compensation for the loss of friendships and established course of her life , pots of jam at the county fair and known plants and animals , that she felt every time she was left in this strange place called arizona by them , by the folks .
then it occurred to him , he d been in that room before in another coastal town , hell in a hundred towns or more but he thought this girl was different , not like the others in my past his mind was sinking in the heart of hope he was going nowhere fast because when he stepped out the door or rather , when she threw him out saying , sorry , i think we were both drunk last night the ship had already sailed south he was standing on a corner thumbing cars as they passed - he was planning to try the big city life he was going nowhere fast darling , do n't lose o little lady you think you ve lost the one you love , now it will cost you a life of happiness but that s not it no that s not it your beauty lies beneath your breast that beats so musically on his chest he s touching you and you re loving it but that s not it no that s not it and when he goes , as we all know the magics gone , the tears flow you feel like dido about to take her cliff that s not it baby , please do nt slip i saw you once standing all alone way up high on that same dark stone you swore that day you d never quit come what may baby come away that was it come what may baby seize the day that was it you re a jewel unto yourself you re the only one who can tell you can change the course you re on if you choose you re not his pawn here comes the dawn just move on darling , please do nt lose door jam blues i ' m wasting away here , drinking nothing but warm beer and promises but nobody is calling and her love is far from forthcoming ` ` darling , where have you gone now ? ''
she ... i anyways do nt think she would ever think of being with someone who is ear deep in a slimy jam as myself , said nakul .
the only other item on the mantel was a burnt - out joss stick in a dust - covered jam jar .
she was sitting in her wheel chair in the shade in front of our building grooving to a pearl jam song , and at the same time mr . thistlethwaite was waiting for the bus and sitting on one of the benches .
but sadie did nt particularly like his tone of voice , so instead of doing what he asked she told him pearl jam was nt a group you listened to as background music , and she quoted stanley chen , the world - famous rock critic , who had written that the soul of america throbbed in every note that sublime group played .
but sadie ca nt stand to hear a word against pearl jam or stanley chen , and on that day i m afraid mr . thistlethwaite made a bitter enemy .
a bit of jam : moms ` ` little helper '' package - twice a month .
race put all the sandwich fixings away , stuffing the peanut butter in the fridge and the jam in the cupboard in his rush .
i asked , swapping the jam with the peanut butter .
or jam ?
it was covered in butter , peanut butter and jam , with little clumps of cream cheese dotted on top .
the jam is really wild .
that was when she put up her pickles , made the strawberry jam and baked a months supply of bread for the freezer .
if channie had been smart she would have hidden at least one jelly - jar of mommas blackberry jam in her closet .
we drink cocomangas famous jam jars and trade game tales with the police team .
i ve started a little business making candles , spices , and canning jams to supplement my writing .
he was clearly beat , but seemed happy to join in the jam .
first there was the pot of jam - strawberry- to be opened .
i chewed slowly , wanting the sensation to remain , but the sticky sweetness of the jam was not the fresh tartness of the almost wild strawberry fruit .
it looked fairly healthy : scrambled eggbeaters with low fat cheddar , slices of turkey bacon and a large bowl of sliced strawberries , apples and oranges , but there were also fresh baked biscuits and jeans homemade pineapple jam .
dinner consisting of garden vegetables , salad , fresh bread and homemade jam , was waiting for the steaks .
arrow asked , through a mouthful of toast with strawberry jam on it .
the jam basket , which ann rifled through in a search for the perfect strawberry spread , seemed to hide a perfectly gruesome violence .
the jam perfectly matched the pool of blood after it had soaked thick and clotted into the ground .
instantly the jam turned back to jam again .
instantly the jam turned back to jam again .
the hotel served us a tea befitting a queen : delicious finger sandwiches , miniature cherry tarts with cheesecake filling , fruited scones with real devonshire cream and strawberry jam , decadent chocolate and hazelnut truffles , petit fours , and steaming hot lady gray tea .
he often wondered how a decade that heralded nirvana and pearl jam would reach its autumn to the tuneless and uninspiring backstreet boys and nsync .
early the next morning we enjoyed a delicious breakfast of fresh fruit , warm bread , scrumptious jam on warm scones , and fresh - squeezed orange juice .
i caught my balance on the door jam .
our job done , marjo loaded me up with jars of raspberry jam and canned tomatoesand more zucchini bread and zucchini .
cindy tossed her peanut butter and jam sandwich onto loris desk then snatched the offering .
` ` no upbeat songs like ' another one bites the dust ' and some jock jam type songs . ''
a jar of jam or something . ''
whatever it was turned out to be rather hard to reach , but closer inspection showed it to be a full jar of jam .
they found a jar of jam , a jar of pickles and two full yogurts amongst the undergrowth round the picnic site , all lending some support to the story , to judge from the locations in which they were found .
` ` two yoghurts and a jar of diabetic jam were on the list .
` ` yet among the items on at the picnic site and on the till slip from ellen 's shopping expedition with shirley hunter was a jar of diabetic jam . ''
lucy heard her rummaging in a cupboard and returned with a jar of jam , opened and about a quarter used .
there was no way of telling whether it was the same jar , of course , but it was the same jam and could easily have been opened since saturday .
` ` diabetic strawberry jam , '' alice said .
` ` i needed more yoghurts and more jam , '' shirley said .
` ` why was it diabetic jam ?
simon had the jam at bernard 's and liked it , so i bought more .
i see you ve got a good jam cooking up tonight .
steve brewed cocoa all round and broke open another box of biscuits , while gill cut wedges of bread and jam .
daniel leaned against the door jam .
bella tempted him with a piece of homemade jam sponge cake shed brought for her mid - shift break .
the move pushes me into the door jam .
rose slid a victoria sponge cake into a tin and licked raspberry jam from her finger .
i packed a little basket ; a nice squared red - checkered cloth , a few sandwiches , some jam and bread and a bottle of water .
look , boy , if you got something christ , homer , would you get off my if you 're holding something back on me , boy , i ' m gone jam an accessory rap so far up your shaggy ass you 're gone think you had hard time for breakfast !
with cheeks puffed and eyes almost swollen shut by the pressure behind them , pickett reached for the door jam and pulled , thrusting himself into the driver 's compartment ; it was emptysave for miscellaneous debris and a pocket of air trapped in the concave ceiling .
he cut several pieces of bread from the quartern of bread and put them onto a plate on the table , together with a butter box and a jar of jam .
mcfergus laid out more bread and jam , and poured tea for both of them .
sampson put a good layer of jam on his bread .
there was enough hot water in the kettle , so he added more bread , a small pot of butter , and a jar of jam to the tray and brought them upstairs where bannim had remained standing by the table .
he subsequently refused an offer of bread and jam .
mcfergus , who was nt hungry , had more bread , this time with jam .
you and i just used pearl jam and a pound of sara lee chocolate cake !
david preferred a box of chocolate cereal while janet liked toast with strawberry jam .
i put some jam on another piece of toast and took a big bite .
i found a couple of slices of stale bread and ate them without butter or jam .
serve with jam or maple syrup .
there was half a sara lee pound cake in the fridge , so i sliced it and got out raspberry jam .
he stood straddling the threshold between the two rooms , his knife whittling away at the wooden door jam .
ned swallowed what looked like the last of a peanut butter and jam sandwich .
i headed in that direction.wongs place was nt going to be open for another hour so i found a caf and ordered a couple eggs , a bagel with raspberry jam and coffee .
another , even younger , girl was carrying a tray bearing tea biscuits , butter , and jam .
she poured as the younger maid passed around the biscuits and jam .
no seeing pretty colors here , even if this chatty living word of god was made of jam .
butter on the grill , aftershave , coffee , deodorant , perfume , starch , wood , maple syrup , jam , and soap .
he rose and played nirvana and some pearl jam .
ow - my spposed ter make me apple and blackberry jam now ?
a vision of womens institute robots swum before him , mechanically serving cakes and jam , and singing jerusalem in tinny voices to an audience of retired gentlefolk .
he gave us each one , peanut butter and jam , a combo i had nt had since childhood .
when they entered the kitchen , just as gwen had hoped , dai plopped a plate of biscuits , newly churned butter , jam , and a watery porridge in front of them .
he had wanted to order the jam roly poly and custard but there was simply no room so he had to give it a miss .
` ` can one get pancakes and jam anywhere round here ? ''
malm was serving up freshly made waffles with cloudberry jam and coffee .
he always wore the craziest shorts loud orange or yellow or pink hawaiian ones that came down to his knees , or some whacko - designed jams .
at 9:30 she had breakfast in the hotel bar : two cups of coffee and a bagel with jam .
` ` i used to know a guy who got off on toe jam .
the jam splintered as the door slammed inward .
` ` it 's cheese baked in a crust with jam .
suzette bustled in with a breakfast tray full of homemade jam and warm croissants .
kicking my foot out , i stuck it in the jam before the door shut .
my head was against the jam , coat pulled up around my neck , pressing my face away from the wind , toward the door when the knob turned .
totally immersed in our pretend jam , we finally emerged when sylvia yelled callum 's name .
let me have some strawberry jam as well .
` ` you got me strawberry jam ?
soon he was back , bringing me a tray of scrambled eggs with rosemary , seven grain toast with fresh raspberry jam , and a glass of freshly squeezed blood orange juice .
a piece of paper fluttered from the door jam as i opened the it .
` ` that 's my jam , '' someone beside me said .
this morning i fell in love with raspberry jam and a puppy in a tiny raincoat .
i do n't want to ever see kyle again , '' i stated , recalling the moment of terror in the pit of my stomach when he had me crammed in the door jam .
i would take a hip bone fetish over a toe jam sucker any day .
she could have asked him to stick a jar of jam up his ass , and he would have , for her .
coffee cups , sugar bowl , small jug of milk , butter dish , jar of strawberry jam that was not purchased from a grocery store , silver spoon in it .
i looked to the pot of jam .
she made jam .
i grabbed a slice , tagged the jam and prepared it .
and the jam was amazing .
jam , i thought , was jam .
jam , i thought , was jam .
and , just so you know , if i had a grandma i could steal jam from and catch flack for it , i love you enough to do it for you too . ''
i never got the chance to teach you how to make them and since gray 's great - grandma taught me and his great - great - grandma taught her , i best get on with teaching you ... then for the next six pages she gave me step by step by step by step instructions on how to make strawberry jam .
the maid kindly wrapped up a fresh baguette with a dollop of fresh cream and strawberry jam , and shoved a packet of salt and vinegar crisps into my hand .
they 'd gone fruit picking together and were boiling it up for homemade jam .
i ' m in the mood for some jam as well .
there were two piles of pancakes , breakfast cereal in many varieties , toast , butter , jam , and fruit .
especially the strawberry jam . ''
` ` you had me at strawberry jam . ''
we do n't want to get there too late and find out that all the jam is sold out .
` ` let 's start with veggies , then hit the fruit stands , and finish up with some jam tasting . ''
` ` no jam ? ''
i do n't like jam . ''
` ` what kind of jam do you like ? ''
he slides the jar of homemade jam over to me , then puts the oven mitt back on and opens the oven , pulling out a tray of ... ` ` beignets !
` ` the bread and jam are homemade .
perhaps the tart beverage was nt the best choice to pair up with the sweet peanut butter and strawberry jam .
she started with the scrambled eggs and then finished with the strawberry jam slathered on the homemade bread .
we always count on her delicious jams and canned vegetables all year long , melanie explained .
she helped herself to a couple of sausages , eggs , fresh biscuits with freshly made strawberry jam , and a cup of coffee .
she liked to make jam and grow her own vegetables , she enjoyed cooking and baking , she was always there when her children came home from school to help with homework or ferry them to football matches , ballet classes , gymnastics , chess tournaments , whatever activity they had arranged .
he wanted to know if i made jam as well .
people love home - made jam .
you mean when it was a treat to have bread and jam for supper ?
anyway , hang on a minute , when am i going to get time to make jam as well as chutney ?
she thought he had looked impressed with what he saw and , as they made their way back to her office , he explained to her that her relishes and jams were exactly what country products needed to supplement their already popular range of organic produce .
there s some bread with strawberry jam , if you want .
she made a cup of coffee , then had toast and jam for breakfast .
the flier had said the party had jammie jam , and abby had misunderstood .
on the window shelf was a small bunch of flowers sitting in an old jam jar .
so he took the flowers out and threw them away and filled up the dirty looking jam jar with some water from the tap .
mel shot a wary glance at the toddler in her arms , a two year old called britney who had jam on her face , sand stuck to the jam , and a lethal barbie in her pudgy fist .
mel shot a wary glance at the toddler in her arms , a two year old called britney who had jam on her face , sand stuck to the jam , and a lethal barbie in her pudgy fist .
be careful tonight , sawyer says , resting against the door jam of the entry way .
before i met you , my life was as boring as plain toast , and as much as i like plain toast , i really prefer peanut butter and jam on it , too .
i m glad marcus is nt around to hear you compare us to peanut butter and jam on toast .
well , just so you know , i really like my peanut butter and jam , she whispered , pressing in for a kiss .
i m really glad you like your peanut butter and jam , just so long as they stay in the kitchen , caleb teased .
katja ordered milk coffee and a scone with butter and jam from a slender , middle - aged woman who shed come to know as frau renata beck .
your plum jam is the best i ve ever tasted .
and i love how you yanks say cookie for biscuit , jelly for jam , and drop scone for pikelet .
he s even set out butter and jam by the toast .
i would have brought the jam and butter , but i did not think they would travel well .
jessica ate the scrambled eggs and toast with mary 's plum jam as slowly as her conscience would allow .
melisa sliced the bread , and i smeared the slices with peanut butter and strawberry jam .
halfway through , my knife scraped the bottom of the jam jar .
some residents would throw a tantrum if they did nt have their bread with both jam and peanut butter , as they were used to .
with every step , the jars of jam chinked against each other inside my carrier bag as i quickened my step .
brushing aside my surprise , i lugged the jam jarsand my heartup the cracked steps and pushed open the heavy wooden door .
i knew i had to return to the shelter with the jam , but ...
i smeared bread slices with peanut butter and handed them to lynnette , who smeared them with jam and served the hungry people lined up in front of us .
when i tole him if he was n't going to drive me to the poetry jam i was going to take the trolly -- norleans has all sorts of trolleys running up and down the roads and i could just as well take one of them -- that 's when he called me stupid .
~~~ the girl who speaks with frogs it was coming home that night from the poet tree jam that i felt that my cup was runningith over , like it says in the good book .
she went to the front room to pay for another day and night , and found that there was a small sunny nook off the parlor where she could get strong coffee with milk , and a roll with butter and jam .
you have any jam ?
sakura grabbed some toast and proceed to spread some strawberry jam on it , wondering where daddy james and mom brenda had gone off to .
` ` mmm , '' he said kissing her , ` ` you taste of jam .
what is this strange bamboo jam in the fridge ?
he did appear on the table , with soft gestures magician , fruit juice , croissants , jam and butter cubes , and a steaming cup of coffee , and informed her that many other barrels , for the events of ancient folk rituals and religious , they would have woken up throughout the summer .
i picked up the plate still holding the last half of allies whole wheat - raisin , smeared with cream cheese and strawberry jam , but piper glanced at it as if it were growing mold .
her bagel was now plastered to the living room wall with a paste made of cream cheese and strawberry jam .
i always have scrambled eggs , pancakes , toast with jam and butter , bacon , sausages , freshly squeezed orange juiceobviously i never made the juice myself .
but he was nt there for jam practice .
the toast , jam , and juice were all present as requested .
the spoon and knife for the jam ( abby was adamant that she required both utensils to prepare her toast properly ) were present ; the knife was turned blade to the outside of the tray ( in abbys words to ward off invaders and jam thieves ) .
the spoon and knife for the jam ( abby was adamant that she required both utensils to prepare her toast properly ) were present ; the knife was turned blade to the outside of the tray ( in abbys words to ward off invaders and jam thieves ) .
toast and jam today , she told the smaller reflection in the vanity mirror as she continued with her brushing .
toast with jam !
the suns comin up over the city the sky is clear the days so pretty and its a good day to be me i ve got ta song to sing stuck in my head lifes looking good from my comfy bed and its a good day to be me and i m tickled pink to be where i am tray on the way with my toast and jam and its a good day to be me every morning when you wake up never know what the day might bring its always an adventure what could happen ?
like you , your son is delightful despite his vocabulary , trent told me , grinning through a bite of muffin slathered with enough strawberry jam to cover ten muffin halves .
darcy hesitated in the middle of slathering raspberry jam and extra butter on her warmed croissant to glance up , curious .
there was a pot of mom 's delicious blackberry jam on the table .
on the table were warm scones , butter and jam .
the rattle and bustle of the tea - tray 's arrival gave her the opportunity to drop her cloth facade , and she meekly accepted a slice of toast spread with a thin scrape of margarine and a delectable spoonful of the strawberry jam .
she unscrewed the lid of her favorite organic apricot jam , and the phone rang again .
` ` you look a little pale , '' he commented , removing the lid from the strawberry jam .
i knock on the door jam and peek in .
not baked in a pie or turned to jam , but fresh , plump , juicy strawberries . ''
cocoa made everything better - especially when it was served with scones topped with cream and strawberry jam .
like there 's a man and a woman having breakfast ... and the man reaches for the jam , and the woman says , ' i thought you did n't like jam , ' and the man says , ' i did n't .
like there 's a man and a woman having breakfast ... and the man reaches for the jam , and the woman says , ' i thought you did n't like jam , ' and the man says , ' i did n't .
maybe he reaches for the jam , and she just looks at him like she does n't know him anymore .
dessert was handmade macarons or tiny cookies with jam thumbprints .
` ` you may want to clean that jam off of your face though , '' she added with satisfaction .
her face was a mess of some sort of jam , her diaper , which was giving off a smell not too dissimilar to that of his betrothed at the moment , was slipping from her chubby little body , and she was reaching out with sticky , grasping little fingers at anything she could get her hands on .
which was why his dad and his older sister , sage , were down at their stand selling fresh eggs , goat 's milk , honey , and his mother 's homemade jams .
` ` but i ' m betting she did , even if it was just about blackberry jam and a trio of active sons .
now it seemed entirely too active and entirely too quiet without the stones or pearl jam blasting over the speakers .
what would make a man who 'd calmly hand over emp technology to the north koreans , stopping to buy jam along the way , jumpy ?
she 'd pick some later and make olivia that freezer jam she liked .
two eggs over easy , bacon , cooked crisp , and two pieces of sourdough toast with strawberry jam if they had it .
bob grunted agreement through a mouthful of toast and jam .
charlotte had also included canned goods from her garden - sweet pickles , dill pickles , pickled beets , plus jams , jellies , peaches and pears .
she served a hot roast with vegetables , and a jam tart with custard , to henry , will , tessa , and jem for dinner .
will and jem had already gathered in the morning room for a breakfast of half - burned toast , weak tea , jam , and no butter .
she had tried different flavors , but the vanilla was a runaway favorite because it went well with whatever jam the customer preferred .
meghann brought out a huge cd holder and started playing music elizabeth had never heard before -- stuff from foo fighters and pearl jam .
` ` gooseberry jam on top , '' eleanor said .
a handful of tiny jam - filled donuts dusted with cinnamon and sugar sent up an intoxicating scent .
that was where the scale headed , like winged ants at - tacking a drop of fallen jam .
` ` dad , '' wren said , ` ` that 's our jam . ''
levi licked her mouth like he was trying to get the last bit of jam off the back of her throat .
the door opened with a loud crack as the swollen wood freed itself from the jam .
berries , jams , syrups , berry butters , and holly hobbie - type handicrafts .
if mixture seems too dry , add a little orange juice or strawberry jam .
beatrice and claire were both enjoying a hot cup of tea and some scones with strawberry jam as she walked across to the table .
and this morning 's session with mr . doverspike had roused more than a taste for jam and crumpets .
a fresh loaf of brown bread , still warm from the oven , with a saucer of clotted cream and pot of gooseberry jam , a jug of ale , rich and dark as ordered and ` ` a spot of tea for the lady . ''
she walked through the room , glancing quickly at the jams , jellies , pickles , potatoes , vegetables , and breads that sat crowded together in the center of the table .
he could feel the child 's imagined weight on his shoulders , warm and heavy , smelling faintly of wee and strawberry jam .
` ` i brought rolls with butter and jam , but cook thinks you should have a proper cooked breakfast .
ian caught her hand , slipped her finger between his lips and sucked the jam off .
she was distracted already by the paper jam .
` ` i like my toast with jam . ''
al 's was a typical small - town drugstore , where you could buy anything from cards and gifts to aspirin and strawberry jam .
steffie began making toast , taking the butter and norah 's homemade strawberry jam out of the refrigerator .
steffie spread a thin layer of her sister 's strawberry jam across her english muffin .
steffie feverishly worked the knife back and forth across the muffin , spreading the already thin layer of jam even thinner .
he fell on the bread and butter and jam she brought him , ravenous .
by the time i had poked up the fire , boiled water , brewed a pot of tea , and assembled a tray with teapot , cup , saucer , milk , and toast , butter , biscuits , and jam , the governor 's informant had gone ; i saw his boat heading for the shore , a dark arrowhead against the slowly brightening surface of the sea .
the door opened and fiona graham came in , pushing a tea cart , fully equipped with teapot , cups , doilies , three kinds of sandwiches , cream - cakes , sponge cake , jam tarts , and scones with clotted cream .
the butter was still immured in the back of the pantry , under the baleful guard of the newly - farrowed sow , but ian had managed to lean in and snatch a pot of jam from the shelf as i stood by with the broom , jabbing it into the sow 's gnashing jaws as she made little darting charges at ian 's legs .
using this minor disaster as an excuse , i sent ian off to show william the attractions of wood and stream , with a packet of jam sandwiches and a bottle of cider to share between them .
i picked out a jar of black currant jam , a small round goat cheese , and a bottle of elderflower wine , to go with the meal .
let 's see , there was once for stoning the chickens , and once for riding the cows and getting them too excited for milking , and then for eating all of the jam out of the cakes and leaving the cakes behind .
so i came down and mother fed me bread with jam on it . ''
you 'd best go down and have a second breakfast with them - i ' ve put out fresh bannocks and salt herring , and mrs . crook 's doing fresh jam cakes . ''
catching a movement from the corner of her eye , she dotted a six - year - old macleod smartly on the head with her sausage , causing him to snatch his fingers back from the jam jar .
the rest of the berries had been carefully dried , along with the wild grapes , or made up into jam or preserve , and were presently hidden in the pantry , safe - i hoped - from childish depredations .
she leaned over it to kiss him briefly , leaving him with a tantalizing taste of plum jam .
her hair had come down in wisps and straggles , her dress looked as though she 'd been sleeping in it for weeks , and there was a dark smear of jam on the upper curve of one breast .
` ` and the haggis to follow , wi ' cullen skink , and a bit o ' corn crowdie ... and a great raisin tart wi ' jam and clotted cream for sweeties ! ''
jamie shrugged , and licked a smear of jam off his knuckle .
` ` fresh bread , and butter , and some blackberry jam and cold chicken and ... '' ` ` food ! ''
in consequence , jemmy had learned four new words - only two of them obscene - and jamie 's good coat sported jam stains and smelled like a soiled diaper , but both of them seemed generally pleased with the arrangement .
i clicked my tongue sympathetically , forbearing to note that two shillings seemed a modest enough price for substances produced in the west indies , transported by ship to charleston , and thence carried by wagon , pirogue , horseback , and foot another several hundred miles overland , to be finally brought to our door by an itinerant peddler who did not expect payment for the three or four months until his next visit - and who would in any case likely not get cash , but rather six pots of gooseberry jam or a haunch of smoked venison .
toast with strawberry jam .
young , broad , capable hands , the skin fresh and fair , smelling of fresh - baked bread and strawberry jam .
a jar of jam and a bowl of butter appeared and nora cut open the muffins , slathering them with both .
making herself a simple lunch of bread and jam with a slice of cheese , aundy tried to eat slowly , taking time to savor another cup of tea .
it 's what neighbors and friends do , '' nora said , setting a basket on the table and pulling out a few jars of jam , a napkin filled with cookies and a loaf of bread that smelled delicious .
the meal was incredible - a gourmet version of eggs benedict , a bowl of sliced fruit , warm croissants with butter and jam , and the best coffee she 'd ever been privileged to drink .
the dual sensations of his thumbs brushing her n**ples and his mouth moving sensuously over her neck turned her bones to jam .
glancing at one of the two footmen standing at the ready , he said , ` ` lady regmont will take buttered toast and jam . ''
casually he dipped his finger in a small jar of strawberry jam and painted a line down the valley between her breasts to her belly button .
they feasted on cinnamon rolls and jam before taking a long , very erotic shower together .
late the next morning , i make breakfast for kenny while she 's still sleeping - eggs and bacon , toast with strawberry jam , her favorite , and i ' m heavy with agony every step of the way .
he carried homemade jams and jellies ; powdered rubs from ` ` secret recipes '' thatflavored beef and pork ; and a selection of locally canned fruits and vegetables .
and ruby was beginning to think that she should start collecting jam .
` ` well , so do you , '' alexandra grinned as she spread a thick layer of jam across her bread .
she 'd asked thornton to ensure that some tea and cucumber sandwiches would be made ready , but now she wondered whether she ought to have added some crumpets with jam since robert had always been fond of sweets .
` ` and , may i add , '' lady lindhurst remarked as she nudged the bread basket , cheese , and jam in lucy 's direction , ` ` few men are able to resist a striking redhead , you know . ''
she 'd never get rich making jelly and jam , but she knew the business was good enough to pass down to her kids and allow them both a comfortable living .
they 'd wrecked her bed and then her kitchen when midnight cooking in the nude had turned into sex on the table complete with whipped cream , raspberry jam and chocolate sauce .
` ` baby , can you pass me the jam ? ''
jake passes over the jam and as i ' m taking hold of it , he catches hold of my wrist and pulls me forward across the table .
i sit back in my seat , picking up a knife , i spread jam on my croissant .
i step back , leaning against the sink , appraising my man , who is wearing cutoff jean shorts and a sleeveless pearl jam tee , looking the epitome of a rock star , with his tattoos exposed .
i tune in to the music dave is listening to - pearl jam .
` ` and dave , a pearl jam fan .
i was at the spa with simone ... dave waited in the parking lot all day for us ... i teased him about it ... we were all driving home , listening to pearl jam ... '' just breathe '' ... then ... nothing .
` ` oh , but not pearl jam , '' i add .
cole grabbed the butter and strawberry jam from the fridge and then settled himself at the kitchen table .
she obliged , and he fed her a piece of croissant dripping with jam .
she 'd also packed a canteen of water , a biscuit and jam , and hard lemon candy to keep her throat from parching .
she took out the biscuit thick with jam and drank some water .
after tiny has tried ballerina pose , swing - batter - batter pose , pump - up - the - jam pose , and top - of - the - mountain - sound - of - music pose in the reflection of the bean , he walks us to a bench overlooking lake shore drive .
he was dressed in his usual style - faded levi 's jeans and an old pearl jam t - shirt .
` ` i do n't know if you like honey or jam or cinnamon . ''
` ` i guess dinner is over , '' nina said , reaching for the butter and jam before meredith snatched it away .
the tables are full of berries to be turned into jam ; onions , mushrooms , potatoes , and garlic to be put in the cellar ; cucumbers to be pickled ; and beans to be canned in brine .
` ` more so now , '' he teased , ` ` that there 's a marchioness who insists on selecting her own brand of jam . ''