she squirted the jelly onto mary 's stomach , and then pesh began running the wand over the skin .
by the time the sandwiches were finished , each of them had jelly in their hair and peanut butter on their noses and cheeks , not to mention all over their fingers .
i ca n't wait to get this jelly on some of my momma 's biscuits . ''
they tasted prize - winning jams and jellies at local fairs named after fruits and small woodland creatures , went tubing at a river festival , and held hands during an outdoor play .
i sit in bed and eat a cup full of jelly .
she used to work at the farm during the season , selling jams and jellies and the wreaths she made . ''
his hand swirled the jelly around the other breast .
ashton 's head was buried in a thick text book and he was eating a grape jelly sandwich on white bread while he read .
i storm into the kitchen to find mom pulling out the jelly and bread from the fridge .
she clunks the jelly down onto the counter .
local farmers and businesses set up tents and tables to display everything from fresh seasonal flowers to jellies and jams and handmade crafts .
then he let her go , went back to the fridge , bent into it and she watched him pull out the grape jelly .
trudie 's grocery was a mom - and - pop establishment with elevator music playing in the background , the kind of place that sold homemade pie and jellies and reminded l.j .
we should be good for tonight with the jelly and water . ''
hopefully i 'll find some with soft jelly . ''
i learned that he hated grape jelly .
a fter dinner she changes over to ritz crackers with cream cheese and green pepper jelly .
the second one held paper plates , bowls , cups , glasses , and utensils , as well as a loaf of bread , a box of cereal , packets of sugar and cream , several candy bars , apples , bananas , oranges , peanut butter , jelly , and a package of blueberry muffins .
as a result i came home with things like three jars of peanut butter , but no jelly .
` ` stop talking about me and get me the jellies from the table behind you , '' sophia snapped , looking up from her jelly town .
swirling his tongue around her nipple to clean up clinging bits of jelly , he reached into the jar with an index finger and hauled out another scoop .
the housekeeper bustled around the table serving roasted chicken , boiled vegetables , jellies , and fruit .
so , what 's up with jelly ? ''
sarah kept munching on her jelly filled pastry and realized that she made a life changing decision in less time than it took to finish a beignet , in less time than it took the jelly inside it to cool down .
picture a lump of jelly in a lidless blender , and you 'll understand why i recommend caution .
i used a substance called royal jelly ; on my planet members of the royal family use it for various purposes .
she became more than we had ever hoped for , she has used the royal jelly extending her life , making her strong .
not the store bought kind , but glass mason jars of jams , jellies , fruit , and every conceivable vegetable one might grow in a home garden .
you are the peanut butter to my grape jelly .
as i unwrapped it , i noticed that some of the jelly had bled through the white of the bread .
when i was little , my sister and i would make them and add extra jelly .
without a care , will dug his fingers down into the jar of jelly , scooping out the yummy sweetness and scraping it off his fingers and into his mouth .
there was a goofy glass in the refrigerator that once held grape jelly but now was empty and served as a glass holder for two spoons .
they moved on to the final course of the meal , a clear jelly that was suffused with the essence of a plant alan could n't pronounce .
she debated as she sipped the jelly from a small glass .
i grunted in affirmation , picked up a chocolate - covered jelly , and drew the symbol in the chocolate with a forefinger .
they run short on k - y jelly in redmond ? ''
' she gave us peanut butter and jelly and coffee , ' thurston corrected .
then someone threw some jelly at warlock .
` ` pass the calves - foot jelly , '' said hunter , with her mouth full .
the crows will eat the jelly of your eyes . ''
` ` king crabs , i hope , to sup upon such royal jelly , eh ? ''
she canned fruits making her special butter apple jelly and lots of vegetables from the gardens .
peanut butter and jelly are composed chemically of three components , the peanuts , the crme and the jelly .
they make like a jelly from the birds spit which holds the nest together , billy informed them , they use the jelly in soups and desserts and things .
they make like a jelly from the birds spit which holds the nest together , billy informed them , they use the jelly in soups and desserts and things .
the governor invited the winners of various other contests , like the jams and jellies competition , the apple pie eating competition , the turkey calling competition , the kite flying competition , and the goat herding competition , to the adjoining stages .
nah , i think she was faking it so i d have to keep feeding her jelly in bed , dan winked at her , and she blushed furiously .
i scooped a blob of jelly and spread it on my toast .
ice opened the refrigerator and found the butter but left the jelly behind since it was grape .
though , not recommended with black licorice or weevil jelly .
i like peanut butter , jelly , and bacon sandwiches .
the new regent may be a spineless sea jelly , but i am not .
dave , are you done with the jelly ?
it started about a year earlier when we had more pomegranates on our tree than our family could eat , and mom had already made a ton of pomegranate jelly .
the only recognizable remains were jeppsens feet , which gary cautiously picked up by the pant legs and tossed into the toilet atop the smoldering red jelly .
ca n't compete with boiled fish , especially when we were giving it cold tins of rabbit in jelly .
his therapy session began as he became mesmerized by a tank of translucent moon jellies , their glowing patterns resembling flower petals .
but these jellies would sting me right back to reality and zachary noted that all living forms have their places in the order of existence .
drift , moon jelly , drift yeah , that makes sense .
there s probably a jar of peanut butter , the jelly , a loaf of two - week - old bread , and about ten juice boxes sitting on the coffee table .
two wooden commissary crates full of neatly stacked fruit jars of vegetables and jellies that roberta had put up that summer were shoved to the front of the buckboard behind the bench .
beth , mom says she owes you some plum jelly .
let 's get straight to the jelly .
the wolves were each given a short wooden spoon that had been dipped in red gooseberry jelly .
he was also holding a glass of water in one hand and a jar of calf's - foot jelly in the other .
there were beehives there , on this gentle moon - lighted coast , hundreds of beehives from which the monks harvested honey to eat , and wax for sacred candles , and royal jelly for an ointment .
evylin , the youngest , clucked her tongue sympathetically and reached for the pot of gooseberry jelly .
` ` i think preternaturals , mummies , and the god - breaker plague go together better than custard and black - currant jelly .
` ` what kind of jelly do you want tonight - grape or strawberry ? ''
what came out looked a lot like a bowlful of jelly .
it 's very good with butter and syrup or jelly .
one of the feeders has a small jar of petroleum jelly , and we use it sparingly , spreading a thin coat on the flammable mixture so that the fire will burn hotter and spread quicker .
or maybe you want me to say , ' help , there is a snake eating my toes and i forgot to take the jelly out of the oven . '
` ` you want your jelly to sparkle and your fruit not to float .
a piece of lamb is sitting , untouched , next to green beans and fresh mint jelly .
track 8 destiny 's child : ` ` bootylicious '' i do n't think she 's ready for my jelly , so i let her catnap .
but when the covers were finally lifted , a feast of kingly proportions was revealed : a roasted goose , its flesh a perfect golden brown ; a whole salmon and a whole cod , each outfitted with lemons and fresh dill and pats of melting butter ; a bowl of steamed mussels ; platters of roasted vegetables ; loaves of bread still cooling from the oven ; and all manner of jellies and sauces i did n't recognize but that looked delicious .
after a short while she passed the stall where she had bought the jelly ; the herbalist gave her a friendly nod of recognition as she passed and she smiled back , feeling a little self - conscious .
eleanor 's fingers were resting against something hard ; after a moment 's fumbling she identified the jar of jelly which she 'd bought at the market .
` ` stay still , then , '' she said , and moved across to apply the jelly to his face .
pass me the jelly . ''
she looked up from applying the jelly to her wounds .
the food was hominy and corn bread and venison , with jellies and honey and dried fruit .
the beach must have been a mile in length and the sea was a turquoise jelly of yumminess .
there were some sweets , jellies , clairs and few biscuits in the glove box in the front too .
seeing that james is also finishing the last traces of egg on his plate , miko used his arm to wipe the excess jelly off of his face and got to his feet .
instead of cinnamon it had a red jelly spread across the top and in the middle .
or hitting a jelly donut with a two - pound hammer , if you do nt move the hammer very fast like 25 miles - per - hour , ya get red blood - colored jelly on your new pair of blue jeans woot .
the breakfast was bread and butter along with locally made alubakra jelly and the sweetish peach wine again .
i could crush his bones and drink their jelly .
she laughed , taking a bite of the toast before smearing it with some fruit jelly .
hmm , we have jelly .
' i ' m going to stomp you into the ground , stomp your bones into jelly , stomp the jelly into pulp and stomp the pulp until there 's nothing left .
there was jelly and ice - cream today , too .
` ` flobby wobbly , here comes our jelly . ''
pheasant with a selection of jewel - colored jellies , and tiny versions of real vegetables swimming in butter , and potatoes mashed with parsley .
but what was in it now was not water but the richest wine , red as red - currant jelly , smooth as oil , strong as beef , warming as tea , cool as dew .
then , in great wooden cups and bowls and mazers , wreathed with ivy , came the wines ; dark , thick ones like syrups of mulberry juice , and clear red ones like red jellies liquefied , and yellow wines and green wines and yellow - green and greenish - yellow .
this consisted of venison , ragout , macaroni , vegetable pie , vegetables of the season , and even creams , jellies , and ices .
there are some oranges left from the batch he had sent up from the docks , and ill put in a good selection of his favorite jellies .
she added an additional jelly to the pyramid on the right .
the fruit and vegetable stands are filled with jams , jellies , and all manner of pickled items .
the cook took their offering , promising to make jelly from some of the fruit .
she kept the jelly in a tightly closed earthen pot in a dark corner of her quarters until some accident necessitated its use .
a plate of scrambled eggs , bacon , and some toast with butterno jelly , emma hates jelly in all of its various flavors and forms .
jams and jellies , squash , green beans , pickled okra , tomatoes , salsa , apple sauce , you name it ; it was there .
the empress of insects came bearing gifts of opium and royal jelly in her womb , hovering over the two demons as they copulated upon the glowing sigil .
drelrei and junisia drank the royal jelly , then smoked opium , ate opium , and injected opium into one another 's genitals , she into his large crimson urethra , and he between her hundred blossoming labia and up into her womb like a drug - filled dildo .
i remember sitting up and saying , ' i ' m a dandy in aspic ' and trying to remember if aspic was some kind of jelly .
i could see them pushing up through the boneyard blanket of the shells , pallid jellies with green hair and seagull eyes , crawling over each other in the dark and talking , talking , talking .
you 're not rich ` ` records '' tozier down there ; down there you 're just richie ` ` four - eyes '' tozier and you 're with your buddies and you 're so scared it feels like your balls are turning into welch 's grape jelly .
he did n't care much for the caviar - it tasted like cold fish jelly - but bateman also had a pepperoni , a salami , two tins of sardines , some slightly mushy apples , and a large box of keebler fig bars .
she sat down to rest and eat half of her peanut butter sandwich ( and what she would have done for some nice black - currant jelly to cut that sticky taste , but addie kept her preserves down cellar and that was just too many stairs ) .
corn muffins , calf's - foot jelly , things that looked like chicken legs but tasted of ... what ?
it did indeed look now like a small bowl full of jelly .
when he turned round she motioned towards the shop window where there was a large stack of glass jars and a hand - written sign saying special offer , local quince jelly , made on the premises .
when the queen dies , another is elected by feeding her with a royal jelly that transforms a lucky larvas statusonce a year the queen allows the males a chance for sex .
i do n't really want to spread my jelly on charcoal .
i was irritated enough to be bitchy , but bitchy is n't peanut butter to clever 's jelly .
then she stole some bread and a jar of jelly from the pantry .
i bet he threw out the eggos ... the bastard ... where s the damn jelly .
irene and i hung out in the kitchen making pepper jelly or canning vegetables .
* * * the next morning most of the members of the manchell family woke up at their leisure and ate from the spread of breads , jellies , and fruits that hannah had laid out .
shelves full of canned pickles , jellies , apples , pears , peaches , syrups , soups , mincemeats , salsas and chili sauces lined all four sides of the room .
i dragged along behind my parents and younger sister as they flitted about the touristy shopping area , buying t - shirts that said stupid things like i m a bona fide mainiac ! , purchasing coffee mugs that were ridiculously overpriced and homemade blueberry jellies for relatives and friends .
its gon na be a lot of work to make the jelly .
who will eat the jelly ?
nothing is better than pomegranate jelly .
i do nt want anyone falling for jelly !
when she was nt anywhere near , several ladies had discussed the inferiority of her pomegranate jelly that generally turned out runny and sour , but somehow this struck me as improper when i knew the prior year she had been a sunday school teacher .
through living with jelly for twelve years , i had become oblivious to the disgusting things she did .
she was disappointed but not surprised when her peanut butter and jelly sandwich was missing the jelly .
if channie had been smart she would have hidden at least one jelly - jar of mommas blackberry jam in her closet .
beat that poor girl to a jelly .
the other box held six boston custard creme , six assorted jelly , and a single chocolate - frosted with rainbow sprinkles .
tempting arrays of samples were everywhere : muscadine and jalapeno jellies , marmalades , canned cobblers , pickled okra , apple butter , along with crackers and plastic spoons .
roger attacked his breakfast with gusto , spreading the delicate french jellies onto his croissants with almost exaggerated hand movements , carving up his sausage and broiled tomatoes as if he did nt expect to eat this well again for a very long time .
do n't skimp on the butter and ignore the grape jelly .
mental note : do not leave billie alone with the jelly .
the toast came up , max pulled out a plate , put the toast on it , buttered it ( with far more butter than necessary ) and then put jelly on it ( with a considerable amount of jelly , but i was n't complaining ) .
pass the jelly ?
` ` my tummy is a rumbling like a bowl full of jelly . ''
andrew arrived about the time the boy was licking the jelly off the knife and sticking it back inside the jar .
` ` maybe a sandwich for ali - peanut butter and jelly . ''
charlotte had also included canned goods from her garden - sweet pickles , dill pickles , pickled beets , plus jams , jellies , peaches and pears .
i ' m sure samuel left remnants of jelly on his bed . ''
she walked through the room , glancing quickly at the jams , jellies , pickles , potatoes , vegetables , and breads that sat crowded together in the center of the table .
also burnt toast with calf's - foot jelly . ''
chewing on his sandwich , grant relished the gooiness of the peanut butter and the sweetness of the jelly .
wonders sprang up by my feet , small orchids and brilliant fungi , trembling and shiny as jellies , shimmering red and black on fallen tree trunks .
food - cakes and trifles and jellies and scones - and hot , sweet tea that seemed to replace the blood in her veins .
and i 'll need the jelly , too . ''
gabby found the saline and the jelly and handed them over .
he carried homemade jams and jellies ; powdered rubs from ` ` secret recipes '' thatflavored beef and pork ; and a selection of locally canned fruits and vegetables .
but the real heart of the business lay beyond the orchard , in the small plant where they bottled the jellies and preserves .
she 'd never get rich making jelly and jam , but she knew the business was good enough to pass down to her kids and allow them both a comfortable living .
he set his coffee cup on the table , then retrieved the jelly and the butter from the refrigerator .
i can no longer open a jar of jelly ; i have the cashier at the supermarket do it before she slips it into the bag .
i boil a leather belt of sasha 's and make a jelly from it .