i was glad , because i was pretty sure my knees were made of jelly .
my body jelly , hudson eased us to the floor then pounded to his finish , burying himself to his balls while his cl**ax erupted hot and long .
love and pride and fear and hope reduced his insides to the consistency of jelly .
` ` i 'll remember this , when brynne is ready to deliver your baby , and you 're a quivering mass of jelly on the floor .
my comment did the trick because he came to life and spat back immediately , ` ` i 'll remember this , when brynne is ready to deliver your baby , and you 're a quivering mass of jelly on the floor .
he 's upset , but he ca n't seem to bring himself to either argue against me or make jelly and brett feel better .
i saw a lot of head matrons who could turn interns and orderlies to jelly with a glance . ''
it dissolved quickly , forming a jelly .
their bodies made from soft jelly like muscles , and thin bones .
with the royal jelly having recharged his body not more than a couple of hours ago , he was able to bring the gate to full power quickly , he pressed the orb sending the beam out into the darkness finding the gate on the other side .
grabbed at the string , and 1,500 volts surged through the jelly .
unless , of course , it was light space , which is filled with jelly and potential .
jack may have inadvertently turned himself into petroleum jelly , but perhaps somebody still got to travel through time ?
she took away the shirt , and squeezed the clear jelly onto the wound .
perhaps leif had already found wallace , and pounded him into a jelly .
they bored into hers , turning into a bowl of quivering jelly and a sack of nerves at the same time.the smile on his lips did nt quite reach his eyes .
inside the clear jelly were fresh , sweet berries .
maybe just an organic jelly with some fragments of bones . ''
the circle 's power cut the scarecrow 's severed hand off from the main body of the creature , and like the phage in the hallway of the hotel , it abruptly transformed into transparent jelly that splattered down onto the gravel beneath my chin and soaked my shirt in sticky goo .
a third was hit by a virus that dissolved his brain to a jelly .
some things you would die before saying ... unless you were called upon to testify to them before the throne of god the father almighty , where , she supposed , even the truths that caused the hellish thunderstorms in that strange gray jelly between your ears ( the scientists said that gray jelly was nerveless , and if that was n't a hoot and a half she did n't know what was ) must be admitted .
they 're all made up of jelly .
she saw the gleaming jelly of the eyes .
the blast struck him and hammered him to one side so that he came down like a burning jet , crashing across a dozen yards of ground before dissolving into flame - licked mounds of swiftly vanishing transparent jelly .
almost like jelly .
am i going to be a suit full of jelly ?
there were millions of small bug like creatures scattering the ground before them , and the pink creatures were sliding over them like a vacuum , sucking them up underneath their jelly like bodies .
it felt like swimming and being suspended in a large jelly .
he drank and drank until her kin sisters soul , encased like royal jelly in this honeycombed wave of effervescence , was emptied .
the drone aimed a hose at the boy and smothered him in quarantine jelly , and then left him there like some dying cocoon .
however , their jelly is an invisible wall that surrounds their ships .
after i removed some more samples i used the solidifying agent , which turned all the fluid in the bathtub and the body into a very thick jelly .
i know now that the stuff in the bath was potassium chlorate that had been mixed with petroleum jelly .
ragged pink where the pieces met , leaking a thin jelly .
the effect rippled up its body until it was nothing but a pile of mucus jelly .
how tough was the mottled grey - brown jelly behind the hand ?
the yellow light of the torch showed up the minute life of an inshore coral community -- -the pale sea urchins and the fierce black spines of sea eggs , the shifting underbrush of seaweeds , the yellow and blue seeking antennae of a langouste , the butterfly and angel fish , fluttering like moths in the light , a coiled beche de mer , a couple of meandering sea caterpillars and the black and green jelly of a sea hare .
one of monday 's assistants was smearing petroleum jelly around the edges of the chamber 's windows .
he had delusions of empire , but a backbone of jelly . ''
johnny was in the back , primping for their meeting with a. l. ulmerton , probably going too heavy on the petroleum jelly , the cologne , the toilet water .
the butler led her downstairs , declining to offer her the position , despite her calf's - foot jelly , but suggesting she call round in several months when she had recovered from her inconvenience , jelly apparently being quite the alluring prospect .
` ` so we ' ve got to find the world 's - largest toad , and grab globes made out of jelly ? ''
my knees felt like they were made of jelly .
the doctor wipes off the lube jelly from filomina 's bare stomach , then rubs her skin with something that smells of rubbing alcohol .
they feel more like jelly at the moment .
` ` ' seek a fallen star , ' '' said the monstrumologist , ` ` ' and thou shalt only light on some foul jelly , which , in shooting through the horizon , has assumed for a moment an appearance of splendour . ' ''
no , greengage jelly was n't the right comparison for his eyes .
inside the jar sophie could see the faint scarlet outline of something that looked like a mixture between a blob of gas and a bubble of jelly .
he had not melted into a bubbling jelly of biomaterial .
` ` i 'll find his myself , after you ' ve been reduced to a jelly .
` ` you need to rest , '' he said once he 'd finished rubbing the jelly into her back .
specialists bought it up and refined it into brownish cubes of quivering jelly .
she was covered with petroleum jelly ; straw dust stuck to her body .
the fact that the drug reduced a person to a quivering lump of mindless jelly was negligible .
but bruno continued to laugh , his body shuddering like a massive mound of jelly .
at times he quivered like a large metallic jelly .
you gave a god its shape , like a jelly fills a mold .
we shall be smashed into a jelly .
it would be another fifteen minutes before the mask set , and even longer to clean the petroleum jelly and restore her appearance to undisturbed .
the other hand squashed into some cold jelly and skidded .
within each was a dab of dark blue stuff that looked like jelly .
hanging in the jelly were little pips .
ruth , who had been reduced to a pile of quivering jelly by the shape in the moonlight .
his foot went deep into the jelly of its cornea .
it looked like either gravy or a glob of some dark jelly .
i m going to hit the ground , selena thought , her legs the substance of jelly .
like highway patrol mixed with petroleum jelly .
are they full of jelly or is it just air ? ''
its just a fancy name for the clear jelly that fills the posterior chamber , melvin said .
gorgeous and slippery like petroleum jelly .
the sea rolled in and out , white foam on a wobbling black jelly .
last time they caught a couple of informants , petroleum jelly was a luxury item .
my knees feel like jelly for a second and i lock them so i do n't fall over .
she quickly shook the thought out of her head when he squirted the cold jelly on her skin .
we were challenged to take jelly and mold it in more creative ways .
its true appearance is abstract , like an irregular blob of greenish - gray jelly with a small glowing black core .
travis rinsed the uterus , then rinsed it two more times before reaching for the lubricating jelly , hoping it would work .
instead , she put on her running clothes and ran until she could n't breathe without pain and her lungs felt like jelly .