her inner landscape was so damaged and desolate she 'd never understand why anyone found her attractive .
with alli out of the picture and your personal expenses changing , you need to start thinking about what the financial landscape will look like if you get funding . ''
the offices of fitzgerald and quinn were nestled in the heart of boston 's financial district , and the large corner office i stepped into left little doubt that the man in front of me was one of the most important executives in the city 's corporate landscape .
now he trod a whole new landscape where nothing was familiar .
` ` you 're treading dangerous landscape , worm . ''
jace was looking down at her , the three - pronged metal candelabra still in his hand , and suddenly an image flashed across her mental landscape of jace holding simon down and plunging the sharp end of it into his chest , making the blood splash up like a fountain .
` ` daedalus 's goal is to change the landscape of human evolution .
but then i ' m the last one in the room , and mia is just finishing , pulled out of her fear landscape when she 's crouching against the back wall , her head in her hands .
before the fear landscape , i was just someone they could step on , on their way to dauntless membership .
but what he finds is that he ca n't ignore his past ; it keeps creeping up on him , especially in his fear landscape .
her inner landscape had turned into the aftermath of a hurricane .
it cascaded over my mental landscape , coloring everything , making it deeper , solid , real .
the fear landscape accesses that data and presents you with a series of virtual obstacles .
the difference is that you are aware , in the fear landscape , that it is a simulation , so you will have all your wits about you as you go through it . ''
that means that everyone will be like divergent in the fear landscape .
` ` next week you will go through your fear landscape as quickly as possible in front of a panel of dauntless leaders .
` ` into your fear landscape ? ''
` ` if we were in your fear landscape , '' he says , ` ` would i be in it ? ''
i remember tobias 's father in his fear landscape .
lauren , the instructor of the dauntless - born initiates , stands with her hands on her hips outside the fear landscape room .
i just have to make sure that tomorrow , when i go through my own fear landscape , i prove them wrong .
in two hours i will walk to the fear landscape room with the other initiates , go through my fear landscape , and become dauntless .
in two hours i will walk to the fear landscape room with the other initiates , go through my fear landscape , and become dauntless .
the lights lift in the fear landscape room , revealing marlene in a crouch , her face streaked with tears .
he and i exchange glances when eric sticks drew with the needle and sends him into the fear landscape room .
` ` how much did they tell you about my fear landscape ? ''
` ` you were an obstacle in my fear landscape . ''
they are determined by a combination of three scores - the first , from the combat stage of training ; the second , from the simulation stage ; and the third , from the final examination , the fear landscape .
the guard ducks into the fear landscape room , and he 's gone .
i have done this before - in my fear landscape , with the gun in my hand , a voice shouting at me to fire at the people i love .
maybe it will be as easy to let him shoot me as it was in the fear landscape , as it is in my dreams .
i remember the belt stinging on my wrist in tobias 's fear landscape and slip into the space between them , pushing marcus back .
he might have been handsome when he was younger - perhaps he still is , to women his age , like johanna - but all i see when i look at him are the black - pit eyes from tobias 's fear landscape .
i remembered something i had done in my fear landscape in dauntless initiation ... in a simulation , a woman demanded that i kill my family , and i let her shoot me instead .
that , i remember , is what marcus , and his many manifestations , always says to tobias in his fear landscape .
on our way out , we walk through the dank room in which i faced my fear landscape .
` ` did you go through your fear landscape today ? ''
` ` yes , i went through my fear landscape .
` ` so is he still in your fear landscape ? ''
he told me , once , that his fear landscape had n't changed since he first went through it , during his initiation .
i hear thumping , and i close my eyes as i remember one of the obstacles in my fear landscape , the fists pounding against my windows and the sightless men trying to kidnap me .
all i have to do now is wake up , and i know how - i have done it before , in my fear landscape , when i broke a glass tank just by touching my palm to it , or when i made a gun appear in the grass to shoot descending birds .
i open the door to the fear landscape room and flip open the small black box that was in my back pocket to see the syringes inside .
i think of eric in his fear landscape , willing his terror into submission with deep breathing and logic .
i told tris , on the train to meet evelyn a few weeks ago , that marcus was still in my fear landscape , but that he had changed .
graffiti covers the walls of the fear landscape room , and across from me are the mirror - windows to the observation room , and in the corners are the cameras that record each session , all where they 're supposed to be .
i remember going through my fear landscape with her , our bodies pressed together in the wooden box that enclosed us , my palm against her chest , feeling her heartbeat .
this is the marcus i know best , and the sight of him , like the sight of him in my fear landscape , turns me into a child .
i see my own eyes set into his skull , and i think of my reflection in the fear landscape , how terrified i was , watching his skin spread over mine like a rash .
do n't erode the landscape of your heart like this .
` ` i ' m afraid this night will be a marker , a fissure if you will , in the landscape of your life .
she charred the landscape of my world the instant she showed up at the party .
it 's not like losing logan is going to restructure the landscape of her world .
more to the point , given matthias 's tricky mental landscape , jim did n't want to run the risk of blowing the bastard 's brain up with the truth about the whole angel - demon thing .
after however long in this gray landscape of wtf , he knew better than to think any change was going to work to his advantage .
and with skin artificially paled to the point of flour and lips painted the color of blood , she was a wannabe vampire in a world of posers , all juiced up on a persona likely birthed from a bipolar emotional landscape .
the landscape of my sexual experience was pretty barren over the last few years .
her absence left a little blank spot in my landscape .
that 's the way it was among the blood now - a game of predator and prey , played out on a constantly shifting landscape of power : who wore the darkest jewels , who had the most social prestige , who controlled the strongest males , who was the most skilled in craft , who was the most dangerous .
an icy fist pressed into lucivar 's lower back as he wondered what nightmare in the inner landscape she was wandering through right now .
i was about to respond with a few choice maxims of my own , but the landscape shifted , and i was hurling down another tunnel , ethan whispering at the end of it .
since her arrival , even more powerful women had risen to become bonded with several of the uber - powerful warriors of the blood , ultimately changing the political landscape and forcing greaves to shift his strategies again and again .
she figured she 'd need two days to implant herself convincingly into the chemitech landscape , then she could start nosing around in the more private areas of the company .
turns out you 're in here every morning and in the fear landscape room every night .
then the light above us flickers , and he turns into the man i always see in my fear landscape , a twisted monster with pits for eyes and a wide , empty mouth .
my final examination , my fear landscape , is administered by tori and observed by the dauntless leaders , including max .
in the fear landscape , everyone is aware during the simulation , so i have nothing to hide .
i punch wildly at his face , and the violence gives me just a brief moment of satisfaction before i wake up , crouched on the floor of the fear landscape room .
as i ' m saying it , i think i should have just told her the first obstacle in my fear landscape , fear of heights , though it 's not exactly what she 's asking about .
after the fear landscape explanation is over and the initiates are dismissed for lunch , i pull peter aside into the observation room next to the bare simulation room .
i take her hand , or maybe she takes mine , and we walk into the fear landscape room together .
she 's talking about the fear landscape again , and i ' m listening , but i ' m also focused on how she feels .
` ` if we were in your fear landscape ... '' i say .
the more time goes by , the stranger i find it that my fear landscape is n't riddled with fears like everyone else 's .
somewhere between watching that belt curl around her arm in my fear landscape and telling her that selflessness and bravery were often the same thing , i made a decision .
i try to remember the swell of power i felt in my fear landscape , when tris showed me he was just a man , not a monster , and that i could face him .
you can fight him , i think , as i remember tris drawing back the belt in my fear landscape to strike him .
she looked at rachel and suddenly saw a fellow - traveller across that baffling , hostile landscape she knew all too well , the one whose entire set of rules seemed to exist for you to never properly learn and therefore be forever excluded , no matter how much you pretended it did n't matter .
this block had dropped down onto the planet and landed in his country , changing everything from the day to day lives of the cities people , to the political and economical landscape of europe , even further , with america pushing their way into irish interests for the right to prod the thing to boredom discovering nothing and in the end only drilling a hole in it with the biggest phallic symbol they could find .
he was an adolescent when i last studied him and , hormonally speaking , a landscape in flux and that made it difficult to get a fix on his unique biology or to generate a viable vaccine from him .
the man had , weirdly , insisted upon talking about god , but not as a primitive misunderstanding of the life force which must be rooted out from the intellectual landscape .
listening patiently to the recruiters pitch , craig heard the words your actions on the front line of our nations clandestine operations will help shape the world landscape , and secure our freedom at home .
frowning , he rode on into an increasingly dire landscape .
i have provided you with a miniature and blotchy sketch of my physiological landscape .
just another dot on the human landscape , given the fact that there were also another 350,000 births yesterday , give or take a few , depending on the day .
that evening they had gone through half of their weekly concert and the music was drenching sarah 's emotional landscape in a sad and moving story about missed opportunities and the meaning of courage when she jumped to her feet all of a sudden , shouting ` ` they 're wimps !
stuck in jobs we usually hated and in relationships with people we did nt really know , hooked on mindless , environment - ravaging consumption , strung out on endless hours of television and internet surfing , ( what a consequence - free , bubbly euphemism for the reality of our addicts stagger across that dark , deceptive landscape ! )
these two issues are of great concern to the vampires that preside over the european economic and political landscape .
it was unclear whether he was in on the wholesale bribery that covered the political landscape .
the part of ship that was master godfrey was having trouble seeing the enemies next move , he was sure that the landscape of the future was changing too quickly to be sure of anything , everything was in a state of flux due to davids influence on present events .
i see probabilities , not certainties , and telling someone just alters the landscape a little , sometimes , depending on what i say and what they believe .
they will look at the political landscape in a whole new way .
` ` you could just be a part of thomas 's mental landscape .
the thinly sprinkled minds dotted the mental landscape like lazy fireflies .
the old mindcaster turned her attention back to rex , pressing harder , and the darkness inside him began to split - a black and radiant shaft spilled across the mental landscape , bleeding color from it like the dark moon 's light .
so if a cop found himself face - to - face with a vampire or a ghoul ( and survived it ) , its only existence tended to be in the landscape of memory .
melissa was staying home tonight , scanning the psychic landscape to try to get a feel for what was happening out in the badlands .
they moved through a nightmare landscape .
i would , after all , be protecting other wrongly persecuted victims of the council who littered the theoretical landscape of the future .
benny took it out and handed it to joe , its yellow case the brightest thing in that hazy landscape .
but by 1989 the cultural landscape had shifted once more , shifted to the point where i felt , if not comfortable , then less uncomfortable about taking the story out of the cabinet , brushing it down , wiping the smudges off its face , and sending it out to meet the nice people .
i chided myself to snap out of it and see the political and racial landscape as i knew it was .
both scenarios would require re - examining what we think we know about the global terrorism landscape . ''
focusing on the abandoned campfire as a beacon , jorgensen worked across the dizzying landscape of whirling bugs .
` ` well , if the martians decide they 're on our side , that changes the whole landscape for those un ships .
` ` avasarala , any word yet on the political landscape ?
however , the legal landscape we 're navigating with this situation is murky at best . ''
she had to know the political landscape of the alethi court .
he was wandering around in an insane landscape that i could n't allow to become my reality .
lines of colour streaked through her mental landscape , first reds , then yellows and pinks , against the black background .
the political landscape quickly changed as the funding from pharmaceutical lobbyists dried up .
he also was n't a ground - breaking genius who was going to shake up the musical landscape forever .
it is an interesting moral landscape , and one i have been studying for a while now .
the startling turn in the political landscape had brought back the adrenaline in a tired ben burns .
as a consequence , the uas political landscape had broken into four main groups .
not all the shoplifters in harvey nicholls were doing it to feed a drug habitid met the middle - class , upper - income , jewel - encrusted housewives who d done it for kicks , so i had no illusions about who inhabited the moral high - ground in this landscape .
she s just a pleasant break in the landscape of stay - pressed shirts , sweat and beer pots around here .
the landscape of the music industry has also changed with the rise of independent artist marketing their music directly .
had they not been trying so hard to climb all over each other , the wrestling landscape might not have been such easy pickings for duke correlli to create the gwa and run all the regional promotions into the ground .
our hard - knocks , unforgiving style of entertainment forever changed the landscape of cable tv .
nogami saw himself as an advance man for the eventual japanese domination of the globe 's financial landscape .
in the downtime , in between these fragmentary episodes of brutal human contact , i lived my pathetic life in a split and fractured landscape .
kendall gasped as the inset displayed a picture of the new player on the countrys political landscape .
the first level being that which the public sees , which is this well spoken , sharp , somewhat witty , culturally aware , and even kind of hip modern dignitary , possessing just the right mix of intelligence , charisma , and cunning to navigate the current political landscape .
the conversation looked stalled , though , jack lost in some labyrinthine inner landscape .
the weekend was spent updating what was now turning into a book about the chemical companys information technology landscape , all he was missing was information about how foundations users connected and what kind of software was included on the users computers .
in the safe , simple landscape in my head , each step was very easy .
warner growled as he lifted his face from his landscape of pleasure , a moment , forsdale .
two full terms in the white house , pickering often said , was not nearly enough to comprehend the true complexities of the global political landscape .
by quality , i mean conservative , business oriented , temperate , highly moral , intelligent , and ambitious young judges who can literally , mr . fisk , and this is the core of what we believe , change the judicial landscape of this country .
` ` i 'd be remiss if i did n't point out that the landscape of intelligence has changed radically since 2001 .
` ` most of what i ' ve already told you about the black legion is basic history , if you know where to look , but the key to understanding their success in negotiating the dangerous postwar landscape lies in two men : farid icoupov and ibrahim sever . ''
one wants to replace the vice president with a specific candidate , another wants to retain him , and still another insists on waiting until the political landscape is clearer . '
he and his team had been studying the shifting landscape of class - action litigation .
he was the most popular figure on the political landscape .
to bore into the paravacini interests , the whole sordid landscape , which led , naturally , to the mataresa .
fitch had left a wide trail across the landscape of tobacco litigation .
the ordinary landscape of our lives was being transformed .
what had she seen , to what landscape had gorg opened her eyes ?
his is the emptied visage of someone who has spent too long in the slippery opopanax landscape of slippage .
tucker cared little about politics , but he knew understanding the social landscape came with the job - as was knowing the physical landscape .
tucker cared little about politics , but he knew understanding the social landscape came with the job - as was knowing the physical landscape .
sheturned blindly , trying to find delos himself in this strange landscape , trying to talk to him directly.she wanted to look at him , to hold him .
as he lay in his bed now , the foggy stretch of mental landscape that was neither sleep nor waking was like an open line for that horrible night to phone in , and what do you know , it did some dialing , the memories ringing his bells and somehow forcing him to answer .
there was pain in the landscape of quinn 's mind .
left alone during the day , she called old college friends for lunch or took long solitary walks through the bustling urban landscape of all her childhood hopes and dreams and griefs .
in that one moment , the entire landscape of scientific investigation was drastically and irrevocably changed .
i wanted to see for myself just how much the underworld landscape had shifted with the fire elemental 's death and more important what it might mean for me as the spider and gin blanco too .
karou nodded encouragement and watched for a moment to make sure zuzana would be all right , and then , with a deep breath , she sank into the slash - and - burn landscape of ziri 's pain and began to gather it , and use it .
it altered the whole landscape of her life .
mr . thomas arkwright is who he claims to be , a brilliant young man with a passion for all things monstrumological , who happens to be enamored with a certain doctor of natural philosophy , so enamored , in fact , that he writes not once , not twice , not three times , but a total thirteen times , begging for a position to study with this modern - day prometheus , this colossus that bestrides the scientific landscape .
first allie hid behind her consciousness , to get a good sense of her mental landscape .
chapter thirty - nine sam 42of my patchwork life : quiet sunday , coffee on grace 's breath , the unfamiliar landscape of the lumpy new scar on my arm , the dangerous smell of snow in the air .
well , yeah , they might freak out at first , but once they recognized the danger , they could mobilize you do nt understand , tarren says , and , as always , his face is a hostile landscape , cold and closed .
the politicians are primarily shills for the corporations to make sure that laws are created or eliminated depending upon if they help or interfere with the systematic plundering and pillaging of our twenty - first centurys economic landscape .
she needed to see him before the landscape changed yet again .
the five humans between them had a collection of experiences which made for a tolerant and open learning landscape for little coe .
the conversation was helping him keep his mind off the shifting landscape , which was a blessing .
its part of a changing tactical landscape that keeps us on our toes .
i snapped out of my imaginary landscape and i scolded myself for having such ridiculous notions .
are you also aware that in the terms of the standard public bounty contract that any time there is a significant upheaval of the political landscape in which the sitting members of the government are forcibly removed , such as a revolution , that the contract becomes null and void ?
his work after world war i , and the depression set the economic landscape for the rest of the century .
i do nt know how i knew all of this so instantly , but , i was as sure of her inner landscape as i was of gravity .
in my mind , this holds true for many things , and i consider part of a universal landscape of laws .
the very idea of talking to a lawyer was ludicrous and a gross shock in that wild and remote outdoor landscape .
rather than listening to valentos words , parvark was poring over the dark aura surrounding him , sniffing the scent of fear and peering into the alarming landscape of their new surroundings .
she glanced down the street to see the now all too familiar landscape van parked down the street in yet a different parking lot than it had been the day before .
pauline drove tashas car , and the beat up landscape van belonging to richard roberts followed her .
everything looked the same in this new post - apocalyptic landscape .
in the past two days , he had climbed ropes , lowered himself down sheer steps , and crossed deconstructed landscapes of broken buildings and bleeding people .
it is said among some of our more comical poets that it was the hot landscape that made them first devise words and language in consequence .
but the events that had taken a hand in making me a djinn , and then unmaking me , had changed the landscape of the association .
there had been a number of times when he 'd been out in the field , in the middle of an assignment , and things had gone tits - up on him : you thought you knew your target 's patterns and resources , weaknesses and protective covers , but just as you were about to move on him , the landscape changed sure as if someone dropped a bomb in the middle of the town square of your perfect plan .
why had -- like a curtain being wrenched back from a window , the landscape of the game suddenly became clear to him and what he saw rocked him to the core .
' magic can surely take the mind to inner landscape of arcane- ' ' yes , yes , ' said coin .
jim fought for room in a metaphysical landscape that had nothing to do with the molecules that made the man , and everything to do with the space in between tm .
second most powerful women behind michelle obama , mother of two grown daughters , knows the business landscape , great speaker , competitive , excellent work ethic , jewish .
phillips took the lead in explaining the political landscape .
but it was difficult for any anglo - saxon to approve of the way the normans planted themselves on the english landscape and seized so much power .
the author can be contacted at hankalawson @ gmail.com dedication to my parents audrey merle lawson and henry dzierzawski acknowledgements to prof . richard bankowsky ; freelance editors including sarah cypher ; fran and cary spiker who read the book when it was unreadable , yet offered invaluable feedback ; pamela trokanski who sat side by side with me for many weeks as i recited the novel and who , with patience , humor and intelligence , gave me perhaps the best feedback of all ; and annette zumba , my biggest fan , whose insight and ideas as well as words found a place in the landscape of this book , i offer my gratitude .
because the advent of e - readers has changed the publishing landscape today , i have wanted to release my backlist for a long time .
sometimes chess served as an excellent metaphor , in political affairs mostly , but in the cruel landscape of angry junkyard dogs , poker was the currency everyone recognized .
until now , case had sensed only vague emotional landscapes in sophia .
i tried to be tolerant as hemp got a feel for the landscape of things .
jack saw the glowering scorched - earth landscape of heck bast 's face , the narrow , suspicious face of sonny singer .
america having changed to benefit them , their accounts suddenly cleared , they reverted to the only actions that still seemed mercenary in this topsy - turvy landscape : they rode the countryside like desperadoes , helping people .
now it may not , especially if the reason sales were falling off was due to the recession the country looked to be sliding into or due to more foreign competition that had already decimated much of the countrys manufacturing landscape .
things happened in the back seat of the big mercedes as it rolled through the landscape of bordeaux , deneuve co - opting gwen into friendship , and gwen now did the same thing with slevov .
richardson lingered a few moments and realised that both enoch and volpe had made sense in their very different approaches to an acceptable political landscape .
he sensed this was not an election like any of the last three , it was very much one of applying brakes to the frightening acceleration of undesirable trends in the social landscape .
i had no way to predict what i d do next , or to what landscape i d retreat in order to assemble some type of message that might have aided me in the future .
what impact do you think this could have on the religious landscape here in the united states ?
suddenly , he was no longer in the confusing landscape of dream , but , instead , standing in a long waiting line , behind a fat science -fiction fan from st . joseph , iowa , and in front of a wizened old woman from lima , peru .
and so it was that wrapped in the gentle solace of his slumbers , his mind wandered to far - off places both in his imagination and memory , as he meditated peacefully , yet senselessly on an open landscape of notions and semblances and on the ineffable permutations thereof , whichto the sleep - doused mind , to its flexible perceptionsrendered themselves all the more convincingly in spite of their elusiveness .
and so , upon emerging from his brief , but sorrowful reverie , he proceeded to press the general and his officers for concrete details about the current political landscape .
a part of josha part that seemed like it was off on a distant mountaintop , surveying the landscape of his life and circumstancesthought he should be shocked at this ribald turn of this conversation with an employee and virtual stranger .
i am searching in an internal landscape that has been fashioned not by the bright lights of a redeeming god but by the sometimes cold philosophy of science and knowledge .
the presence of nuclear weapons shaped the geo - political landscape of the second half of the twentieth century .
by 2018 the landscape in the united kingdom had altered beyond recognition , thus providing scope for the genetic profile directory to disappear .
two women , leaning on one another for support -- a likely image in this murky landscape , one which could easily be misconstrued .
today she struggled with the passage before slipping just momentarily into that mute landscape beyond all language .
but i have confidence that you ll be able to reinvent the board game landscape .
the political landscape has moved on in forty years and so has the cold war , so until investigating a probable homicide is no longer my duty , you ll have a pretty hard time here .
lack of faith , rather than an adverse landscape , was his greatest enemy .
an icon in the chicago corporate landscape , the high - profile thornton - payne heir whom hunter would like to see any time other than right now .
i wanted to change the landscape of music .
spandaring ; ngberg , who was frequently the lone woman in a male landscape , had a reputation for not wasting time on formalities or mere courtesies .
then the two chatted sociably about life along the law enforcement landscape , with one thing leading to another , and finally to the fbi .
he changed the landscape of my dreams , the dreams i had every day about living ordinarily and free and on my own .
how i interpret the emotional landscape within those beats , though - that 's entirely up to me .
carefully chosen words designed to tell the truth , and yet , to someone whose entire emotional landscape depended on systemic denial , they seemed supportive .
chapter five then the girl walked into the cafeteria with her soda and carton of french fries , scouring the hellish landscape that was high school lunchtime .
his touch had seismically split her in two , tectonic plates altering her emotional landscape .
other firms had adjusted to the changing landscape , but hank bostoff liked doing things the sure way , which made bostoff securities a dinosaur among its competitors .
as far as she was concerned , she was but a mere speck on jon bostoff 's landscape .
the two of them worked well together in the landscape of the game , anticipating and complementing each other 's moves .
like all of them , really , for this was what spoke to the center of their beings , the need to find someone else who understood , who cared , who could navigate the slippery emotional landscape of want and love and need that was so fraught with confusion .
only gina had had the guts to brave the harsh , icy landscape of claire 's fear .
after years of trudging through a gray , wintry landscape of other people 's choices , elizabeth had finally emerged onto a sunny blue day of her own .
it was a move that had become second nature to her - from russia to tahiti to tibet - but no matter how many times she did it , luce did n't think she 'd ever get used to suddenly feeling so keenly the landscape of her past emotions .
it just was part of her emotional landscape , some sort of coping mechanism built into her psychological dna .
one word to steal the sunlight from a person 's soul and leave them stranded in a cold , gray landscape , alone and searching for something they could n't even name .
you will be trained to fight demons , to protect mundanes , to negotiate the complex landscape of the downworlders - werewolves , vampires , and the like - that you will encounter .
kissing kenny shifts the landscape of everything i ever thought i knew about the lingual art in general .
` ` odd how things change , how in the blink of an eye one 's life goes from the ordinary - even mundane - to a nightmare landscape of horror , disbelief , and almost crippling grief .
the only thing that was solid and real and vibrant in the twisted landscape of his reality was the intoxicating woman trapped beneath him .
she stared down at the open suitcase on her bed , but instead of seeing the neatly folded white sweater , she saw the blank landscape of her own life .
i break away and stare at declan now , because what kind of man gets the landscape of dating that well ?
i can tell the landscape of his internal sense of the pecking order of the world has been deeply shaken .