he 'd divided her landscapes into those that contained buildings and those that did n't , those that contained animals , but no buildings and those that contained both .
she could feel the pain or joy of a person when she developed a photo of a person and she could feel that same joy or sorrow when she photographed landscapes .
` ` she sculpts , paints landscapes and does ceramics .
i like this one , but there 's something about her landscapes that appeal to me more . ''
while luke arranged the purchase and delivery of the landscape she had chosen for the garnier office on monday , haley continued looking at the array of artwork .
there were no photos hanging on the walls , only two large oil paintings depicting wooded landscapes .
' do you do landscapes as well as portraits ? '
i would enjoy trying my hand at doing some landscapes . '
she grew more and more conscious of lucia watching , making snide little remarks about how amazingly occupied dante was with her company , how considerate he was to her needs - taking her off to various parts of the island for her to paint pretty landscapes , staying with her while she did them - and how incredibly well they clicked when they talked .
behind mr . benby there is a dark , rather grim painting of a countryside landscape in a gilded frame .
as they mounted the staircase , she let her gaze wander over the familiar old house with its mellow , oak - panelled walls lined with english landscapes and trained portraits of her ancestors .
the boardroom was very much as it had been fifty years earlier , only now , in the age of glass and brass and chrome , there was a nostalgic grandeur about the immense room with its oriental carpeting , the intricate molding on dark - paneled walls , and the english landscapes hanging in their baroque frames .
concentrating on what she needed to say , she gazed at a german landscape hanging in an ornate dark frame on the opposite wall , then she turned nervously when the butler shuffled into the foyer .
when camden left , jordan stared unseeing at the landscape framed above the mantel , wondering how many lovers alexandra had taken to her bed .
then hudson and i headed to our bedroom , our eyes wandering along the landscapes of each other 's bodies as we climbed the stairs .
a pair of extraordinary painted landscapes and pastoral scenes attached to the panels struck him in particular .
he was nt unfamiliar with the expense of the items , nor with the cost of the landscapes .
the landscapes on her own cabin wall they were hers .
alcoves housed delicate statuary , and oil landscapes adorned the walls .
from soft , muted pastels for color to landscapes hanging on the walls , to the occasional photograph , he felt welcomed .
the subjects ranged from portraits to landscapes , most of them taken in asia .
the landscape painting exhibition on the first floor took my breath away .
we navigate a winding stone path lit with landscape lighting toward a side entrance .
so far the only concrete images on canvas were landscapes done with oil paints .
he stood at the rear of the loft , near the windows , looking through the landscape paintings she 'd done of jackson square .
dreams of desert landscapes , of echoes , the taste of blood , a bow and arrow in his hands .
it was also absent the expected pastoral landscapes and family portraits .
the furniture was dark , a heavy black - grained wood , and the walls were lined with animal heads - a tiger , an antelope , and a leopard - and more foreign landscapes .
` ` you go through one of the instructors ' landscapes .
alice clambered in , looking around to find what looked like a career 's worth of work piled in the back of the tiny car : a mass of pastel landscapes , dreamy garden scenes , and delicate still - life prints , miniature copies of flora 's vast creations .
slipping on her headphones , alice gazed at the vast , empty landscapes as the gallery bustled around her .
like body parts , or landscape ?
flowers , fantastical shit she imagined in her head , landscapes of their farm , sketches of her family and mike .
esther opened the door in front of us and in we went to another room , this clearly a bathroom slash dressing room with a fabulous light blue , suede - covered chaise lounge in the corner , a three paneled screen that had a beautifully stitched tapestry depicting a snowy - mountain landscape with a cloud - free sky , three dark wood , carved wardrobes on three different walls , a table with a gorgeous porcelain basin adorned with delicate blue flowers , a matching pitcher on a shelf underneath it , a roaring fire in another beautifully carved , stone mantel fireplace , another heavily - carved , full - length oval mirror and a big , oval copper tub in the middle with one side swayed back with a fluffy , ice blue , cotton - covered pillow tied to holes in the copper where you could lay your head when you lounged back .
` ` well , a camera takes a portrait or a landscape by touching a button , you load it on your computer , print it out and voila ! ''
he walked to the canvas and studied it , unable to suppress his fascination at seeing a cavendish landscape in its early phases .
belle so loved them , lila always did one landscape in each series she painted during a thunderstorm or a fierce downpour .
` ` i want to show him my grandmother 's landscapes , '' belle replied honestly and carol burst out laughing .
maybe it 's time to try landscapes for a change .
` ` landscapes and stuff .
oil paintings of foreign landscapes graced the buttercream walls .
that had caused such an upwelling of emotion he 'd never realized his father 's favorite painting , landscape with the fall of icarus , was not on the wall where it had hung for years - not until that detail had surfaced from somewhere deep in his subconscious .
but the more time passed , the more certain truman became that his father 's favorite , landscape with the fall of icarus , was missing before the fire so much as scorched the walls .
but as he started to leave , she shifted her attention to landscape with the fall of icarus , which they had hung in their room .
she might not have found the photograph so curious , except that there was n't another sentimental object in sight -- just a few landscapes hanging on the wall and a knitted afghan folded neatly on a footstool .
neal painted landscapes and seascapes .
even at ten he had been able to craft images and landscapes that looked real enough they deserved to be framed and hung on a wall somewhere .
only a few paintings decorated the walls , most of them mountainous landscapes , once again giving everything a rustic western vibe .
the artwork that hung on the walls ran the gamut from landscapes to the abstract , but the pictures were grouped in some inexplicably magical fashion that somehow managed to make the whole greater than the sum of its parts .
` ` aunt lillian said i should include it , but i think landscapes are boring .
in the gloom , nick could see that the first three were landscapes .
he just stood there , gazing at one of the landscapes he had painted .
` ` i just brought the landscapes with me today . ''
he turned the corner and went down a paneled hallway decorated with framed photographs of sunny vineyard landscapes .
when mr . anderson walked into the family room , i was studying a psychedelic landscape : a bird's - eye view of blinding white farmhouses with electric blue roofs caught in the orange slant of a setting sun .
hart stood with prince georg in the long upstairs gallery , which was filled with paintings of dour mackenzie ancestors , interspersed with bright landscapes by mac or his portraits of mackenzie dogs past and present .
it was a soaring landscape by claude lorrain that he 'd bought isabella years ago as an apology for one of his sudden departures .
a landscape of a kilted man fishing in the scottish highlands , painted by mac , now hung there .
all at once , i hated the apricot and cream decor and the white hearth with the insipid oil landscape above it .
a large landscape that depicted the nile river beneath a bloodred moon hung on the wall across from the cabinet .
several framed pictures - two landscapes , two seascapes - hung on the walls .
several expensive - looking paintings of landscapes decorated the walls .
alcide ushered me down a hall , which was nicely carpeted and hung with neutral pictures - insipid landscapes and garden scenes - which i figured some decorator ( or maybe ms . crispy ) had chosen .
old landscape paintings , some of the sea , some of the mountains , but all massive and framed with ornately carved wood .
i 'd stood in front of the windows , the natural light pouring in as i 'd pretended to paint one of the big landscapes .
these were not landscapes .
the landscapes on the walls , the oversized clock my parents bought us for christmas , the way the dining room table leaned just a bit because one of the legs was mysteriously a little too short ... it was all the same .
his eyes took in the cream walls , the oversized posters filled with art and landscapes , the gray couch with multi - colored pillows , and the coffee table scattered with a million magazines ( and not one of them managed to take my mind off him ) .
i ' ve always been into landscapes and the occasional still - life if the objects intrigue me enough . ''
he passed by familiar framed landscapes mixed with photos , images of famous people who 'd stayed at the lodge or worn hidden gem pieces .
one minute they 'd been looking at landscapes , and the next his entire life and nicole 's flashed before him .
the decor was strong and masculine , dark wood furniture , overly large , soft - looking beige cushions on the couch , and basic landscapes on the walls .
likewise , the landscapes on the walls were some her mother had banished to the attic when avery was a child , deeming them of too inferior quality to be displayed .
but it looked the way it always did , save the unmade four - poster bed , which would normally be tidied : a collection of dark , heavy heirloom antiques ; rich , jewel - colored oriental rugs on gleaming hardwood floors ; original gainsborough landscapes , all of it backed by midnight - blue walls that ended in highly embellished white wainscoting .
now , thanks to what she suspected was the new mrs . makepeace 's intervention , the room boasted a lovely landscape over the fireplace and a series of amusing knickknacks on the mantel : an odd little green and white chinese bowl , a gilt clock held aloft by cupids , and a blue statuette of a stork and what appeared to be a salamander .
there were a few landscapes , but the majority depicted sailing ships of all things .
gorgeous landscapes covered the off - white walls , bringing an air of peace and charm , and a skylight above allowed sunshine to stream into the house .
masculine , yes , with the black and gray color scheme , but the antique furniture and cheerful landscapes hanging on the walls added warmth to the room .
tall oak bookshelves and beautiful oil landscapes lined the walls , lending both warmth and elegance to the large space .
monsieur david generally concentrated on portraits rather than landscapes , and even his stark portrait of the murder of his friend marat was n't as angry and undulating as narcise 's world .
i ' ve always wanted to learn how to paint landscapes and portraits . ''
there are pictures on the walls - landscapes of forests in clumpy oil paints , and the sheets of the bed are a deep green .
landscape paintings in gilded frames hang on the walls ; heavy wood doors block out all sounds of life from within the apartments .
` ` and i ' ve been commissioned to do some landscapes for the portland tourist authority .
he glanced up from the blurry , abstract landscape he was working on and grinned knowingly at them .
i was already working on my second landscape after having completed the one of edinburgh at night .
` ` cole tells us you 're a talented artist and have a particular talent at landscapes . ''
as i began making my best attempts at answering questions on contour drawing and deconstructed landscapes , i felt the dark edges of depression pulling me down .
all the architecture was glass and metal , with framed pictures of sandy landscapes that were supposedly key to the place 's function .
he breathed a mist into their memories and he plucked their children from their arms to grow old and die as humans , and he flung the druj to the mountains where they could begin their immortality in landscapes of desolation that reflected the emptiness within them .
there were landscapes ... a thing purporting to be an egyptian scene , though he took leave to doubt that the painter had ever set foot south of the breton coast .
she nibbled at a brownie as i flipped through the sketches i 'd done this semester - campus buildings with noteworthy architecture , mechanical sketches , landscapes and people i found interesting .
paintings of various mediums - oil , acrylic , and watercolor - covered much of the wall space , nearly all of them unbelievably perfect depictions of landscapes with the occasional portrait and abstract thrown into the collection .
some were landscapes , others portraits ; but each one of them was more awe - inspiring than the next , until liz found that she could n't even compare the splendor of one to another .
but then i went closer and pulled a painting out of one of the racks : a modern piece of a horse against an abstract landscape , in a heavily gilded frame .
keen to escape , liv ducks away , through one , two rooms , past a series of landscapes , until she reaches the less popular artists , where the visitors are sparse .
he says the galerie berthoud in the sixteenth wishes to exhibit those early landscapes .
a lot of them are landscapes , maybe places she has been to .
kim sighed , impatient , and turned her gaze to a few landscape paintings decorating the open rooms white walls .
i do nt know how to describe iti guess you could consider the landscape art .
cover art design by tiffany compton deviantart user profile - eisoptrophobic cover landscape art by devianart user profile wyldraven federation cover symbol angelo ruiz book editor virgo castro special thanks to lamar latham prologue since the beginning of time , mankind has been in a constant struggle between good and evil .
he asked , pointing to the tree in the foreground of marges landscape painting .
she walked to her landscape painting , took it off the wall , and handed it to smith .
do you know how many painters i know who would give their firstborn children to paint a landscape like that ?
on these walls , there were paintings of landscapes and pastorals .
to make everybody 's life tolerable the sisters agreed to define as real whatever they could see in front of their eyes at any point in time , drawing the line at changing artifacts or landscapes of great sentimental value .
burgh got bored easily : it seemed the other zombie had taken to using the exterior of his tent as a makeshift canvas , and it was decorated with everything from landscapes of the wyoming plateaus to portraits of the starry night skies .
most of them are impressionistic landscapes but i spot one norman rockwell saturday evening post cover mixed in .
a culture that seemed to be at one with the world that it inhabited , their art was primarily focused on animals and landscapes , but unlike human art the perspective was aerial .
art enthusiasts from around the country paid top dollar for her originals and even prints of her expressionistic landscapes fetched a pretty penny .
the art in there was fine ; shed spent many a day getting absorbed in some of the landscapes and the impressionistic city scenes .
the parents of my distant beloved whose portrait you now admire have already received costly landscapes of my estates .
after a while ( in her living room ) i began wandering around , examining the goldfish goggling magnified in his bowl , the potted plants , the imitation scandinavian furniture , the reproductions of harmonious bouquets and landscapes on the pastel walls .
the entrance hall was huge , persian carpets were scattered across the mahogany floor , large oils of landscapes and horses lined the walls .
near the stack of salts and peppers at my elbow , there was a display explaining how you could get prints of the western landscape series for your very own .
the walls were covered with more drawings , crayon landscapes of jenks , the bixby skyline , and oil derricks , all drained of their color .
she stood a moment behind her table , identifying bright patches in the gloom , a luster of artifacts placed around her to make this her setting : the bust of long - dead chenoeh in its niche beside the window , and there on the wall at her right , a pastoral landscape from the first human migrations into space , a stack of ridulian crystals on the table and a silvery reflection off her lightscribe concentrating faint illumination from the windows .
odrade recalled a narrow bed in a room brightened by paintings of animals and fantasy landscapes on the pastel blue walls .
in this little comer , the heart of administration , the ground had been shaped into an italian chiaroscuro landscape - blacks and grays with touches of pastels .
in darkness , malcolm sank back into morphine dreams , images floated in front of his eyes : fitness landscapes , the multicolored computer images now employed to think about evolution .
interspersed among them was a scattering of seth 's own drawings , mostly landscapes done with black felt - tip pens .
nobody who is four , or six , or eight years old needs to feel conflicted about their play area impeding the italian renaissance sensibilities of a landscape artist .
you can see those landscapes , beautifully drawn by chick in their mary stone comic .
high limestone walls of crumbling plaster dated to the sixteenth century , as did the idyllic frescoes of climbing vines that framed off arched landscapes and seascapes .
no landscapes to speak of that you could spend hours painting without taking a bullet for your troubles .
i remember wondering if i might interest her in one of the pathetic landscapes that had come to fill my walls - indeed , whether the listed prices were high enough to match her wealth .
the fall colors were rich and striking , like a landscape painting , but even that did nt lift her spirits .
so many candles , cassandra said , examining them and looking at the other oil paintings of landscapes , abandoned houses , and castle ruins .
the room was opulent with paintings hanging on top of paintings of picturesque landscapes and portraits of beautiful women dressed in elaborate gowns and men in long coats embellished with golden threads .
a few framed oil paintings of natural landscapes are set up around the room in such a way that they look like windows to the outside .
after that are four gas giants : jupiter , saturn , uranus and jesse slammed his astrology textbook so loud , his grandmothers hand - painted landscape pictures hanging on the living room walls rattled .
the walls were covered in carefully framed hand - painted landscapes , mostly : a winding dirt pathway through a forest filled with tiny houses hanging in the trees , brick streets of a smoky neighbourhood with flaming skies , scenes of a city that looked very much like tokyo in daylight , the sky a deep blue , the ocean in the horizon , while the bustling city life remained frozen in time in the picture .
the room had no furniture in it , but lots of paintings , mostly landscapes , and some covered with splotches of color .
scenic landscape on the wall across from me , neat and organized desk in the corner of the room covered with family photographs , paperwork , and business cards , an apple laptop with a black screen sitting open on the desk , a box of tissues on the table that separates me from dr . jett ; i stare at these things every session every month .
and he d spent his days painting nothing ; landscapes .
how did you find the landscapes ?
this is my new landscape drawing of fairyland .
there were framed family photographs on the fire surround and a shocking landscape -from woolworths or boots- hanging on one wall .
on the wall were pictures of landscapes and shelves stuffed with books .
paint landscapes .
three - dimensional landscapes .
angelic clouds and colorful landscapes , fiery underground cave scenes , tombstones hovering above the page .
aimee does n't hear me at first as she paints a landscape near the edge of the pond .
they slithered , they writhed , they finally settled as portraits , landscapes , seascapes , or a mix of all three .
finding the shrew , wherever it was hidden amongst her landscapes and scenes , all became part of the joy of seeing or owning such a tapestry .
one girls transformation on her journey to save the soul of the universe for the first time since reading the lord of the rings , my imaginations fancy soared with the landscapes created in my minds eyeanna harris ( doctor .
hardwood floors gleamed in dark oak , a wall full of bright tuscan landscapes , the couch , the tv cabinet they d made the year before out of walnut .
wil sinclair is a landscape architect , middle - aged , does not want to accept he is 58 years of age .
his landscape architecture practice is located in toowong village about a kilometre or two from the central business district of brisbane and located up the street from a railway station .
middle - class , educated , mostly professional work habits his commissions , using wils skills to refurbish mostly tired or neglected landscapes .
wil resembles a landscape architect model of a person , slightly greying and thinning hair , not too tall or short , paunchy stomach , angulated body on squat legs , slightly rounded and bloated face , perfect teeth and always clean shaved .
his office was nt like any landscape architectural office , for wil did a lot of his work from home , in a studio under the house , specially crafted out by him not long after they married .
wil did n't tell pam about gardens and landscapes being the reason for the trip , but hoped she would be happy to walk along the boardwalk or lounge beside the pool .
pam and wil talked about their holiday with the manager of the park and wil told them something about his background , and training , and interest in going to bali to look at balinese gardens and landscapes .
an employee of the office invited wil and pam to accompany him and showed them landscapes made wijava designed and constructed , including the grandeur and excellence of the four seasons and the now aging gardens of the bali hyatt at sanur .
wil decided to go to japan in march , to kyoto and its temple gardens , to places of buddha and zen and landscapes different to those in bali , and landscapes of timeliness .
wil decided to go to japan in march , to kyoto and its temple gardens , to places of buddha and zen and landscapes different to those in bali , and landscapes of timeliness .
you know it 's all about pleasing clients , them showing off their landscapes , and of course the design always remaining safe .
he was in a place of landscapes of england or holland .
he thought about doing landscapes for people who wanted the chi of their surroundings to be positive and prolonged for as long as possible .
his chances of setting up a successful landscape architecture practice at coffs harbour and specialising in eastern style landscapes was waning .
balinese landscapes like to use decoration or embellishments .
and i ve got more landscapes saved up in my head than i know what to do with .
he visited south korea , new york , india , and peru , photographing landscapes and architecture and people at their work .
her next stop was the art co - op where she purchased paintings of local landscapes by local artists for each of the bedrooms and a colorful abstract for the great room .
van gogh would have had a field day here painting landscapes .
its a black and white desert landscape done in acrylic paint .
the two curators could barely cover their excitement as they slid the painting out to expose the rubens landscape .
despite the fact that these landscapes were summer scenes , i was nonetheless frigidly cold .
selecting one at random , i picked up a rembrandt , a landscape .
she glanced over her shoulder to contrast the severity between the two landscapes .
she had passed to the row of portraits he had framed under the landscapes , under the visions of nature .
behind him were two uniformed hotel maids , bearing what was surely the most gorgeous kimono she had ever seen , heavy silk with a hand - painted landscape , edged in gold brocade .
the kakemono picture - scroll hanging in the tokonoma was a severe monochrome landscape in the angular ink style of the great master sesshu .
it was appointed identically to his , with only the hanging scroll in the tokonoma different , hers being an angular , three - level landscape .
the rocks were reminiscent of the soaring mountains in chinese sung landscape paintings .
from his house , where the french aviator saint - exupery once wrote , he could march a few paces , along cobblestones as old as chartres , and acquire a freshly plucked pheasant , a plump grouse , aromatic black truffles just hours away from the countryside , or an abstract landscape whose paint was scarcely dry .
anya had put two landscape paintings on the wall and flowering plants on her desk .
and he does nt only do landscapes ; his portraits are amazing .
i d love to see his landscapes .
you can look at his landscapes , or at least a few .
and then there are those landscapes .
one of the landscapes showed a country house set in a valley among formal gardens .
ced slowly worked his way around the gallery , taking in both the landscapes and the portraits , occasionally looking over to where john was continuing to explain a number of his paintings to the woman .
after some minutes , he lifted one of the landscapes from the wall and took it and a smaller work to the back of the gallery .
he was about to drive away when he remembered the photographs claudia had taken on her mobile phone of the landscapes in the gallery window .
he tucked into a large steak and three fried eggs at the green man , photographed the andrews landscapes through the gallery window and left to negotiate a congested m6 motorway .
leaving the portrait on one side of the screen , he called up one of the landscapes from andrews gallery window .
having accidentally included the portrait in the comparisons , he was expecting the results to indicate the same artist painted the andrews landscape and portrait .
what he had nt expected was that the data from the moretti image indicated that it too was painted by the same artist as the other two , the match being stronger for the portrait than for the landscape .
he decided to run the comparison again , but this time using only the two high - quality images the andrews old lady portrait and the moretti landscape .
he located a scene similar to the moretti and set the comparison program running , this time using the andrews portrait and landscape , the moretti and the johnston .
but some of the artists also produced landscapes with country houses , grand homes , that sort of thing .
de la place specialised mainly in portraits ; landscapes were a bit of a sideline .
several are from his blitz series , but there are six sizeable landscapes with grand houses and so on .
that should put the program through its paces , although i m afraid the only andrews landscape i ve got is a photo taken on a point and shoot .
no , johanne , i am an artist , a painter of portraits and landscapes .
in the meantime , his escape was to take himself off to the mainland to sketch and paint the dramatic landscapes and rural life whenever he could find the time , his rapidly increasing fluency in cantonese acting as a passport to the village communities .
even those landscapes with big houses , which i do nt really go for , were incredible .
now , lola said you were interested in the landscapes .
anyway , some of the ones he inherited were landscapes and views of big houses painted in england in the nineteen forties and fifties .
he turned to look at the landscapes in his gallery .
he does these fabulous portraits , kids like this one , adults , older people , and then he does landscapes of the lakes area .
there were three : a portrait of a beautiful young woman with a look of confidence and contentment about her that reminded her of fiona trevelyan , and two landscapes of the virginia hills haunting autumnal views that made your heart ache to be there .
even the subject matter was similar : portraits and landscapes .
the only difference was the dress of the subjects in the portraits and the scenery in the landscapes the wild rugged beauty of englands lake district having replaced the resting - dragon - shaped hillsides of southern china .
the landscapes , the ones in the window .
he d used his program to compare my painting with the pictures i took of the landscapes , and with the other artist whose works he thought they were similar to , and he could nt tell them apart .
returning from the coffee bar a few steps along the road , john saw a tall , well - groomed man in his early fifties studying the largest of his four unsold landscapes .
a country landscape painted in discreet oils : dappled sunlight through trees with pretty shading emerald to russet .
when property owners woke up in the morning , they were surprised to find inspiring landscapes of art which were customarily unique for the specific person i was working for .
before friedrich celebrated artists always painted winter landscapes with motifs of people skating or something else horrible common but mr . friedrich exposed the naked nature for what it is .
he set up the easel and began to paint still lifes and landscapes .
about the author currently a watercolour artist , specialising in landscapes and townscapes , david chilcott 's paintings currently appear in two lifestyle magazines and in several galleries .
but any clear definition of the mountains was robbed by the film of mist above the tree tops ; they were like the hazy backdrop in a chinese landscape painting .
i like to work on seascapes , landscapes and the occasional portrait when i m not decorating .
his office walls were lined with pictures of subjects ranging from new england landscapes to new york brothels ; a talking point for every occasion ; however , looking at hope he could not begin to think what picture might possibly fit this occasion , and so he felt off guard .
now their full bloom splashed the yard with the textures of a van gogh landscape .
there were a few landscapes in the bedrooms , and in the last room i looked in , there was another painting of lady adora on a swing .
could she help with a killer that changed landscape ?
i refuse to paint a lighthouse landscape from our front yard .
lacys lighthouse landscape had been professionally framed and hung beautifully on the wall with about twenty - five other paintings .
of all the paintings to bid on for charles mangrove , he d picked lacys lighthouse landscape .
there are these really kind of , well , arty photos on the wall , landscapes and horses and stuff like that .
when i was a child , growing up in our home in the countryside on earth , i spent hours poring over those landscapes , embellishing this place with an eye , this place with a mouth , this place with a sun with my awkward childs crayons , changing the color of the sky , here , of the house , here , imposing a kind of symmetry , a kind of order to their random world , or increasing its chaos .
before dorothy , before borova , mothers paintings were lush landscapes blazing under a golden sunshine .
i think of the polarized , vivid landscapes my mother painted , which my father translated into words .
in the spaces between were ornate - framed giant photos and paintings of golfing legends and landscapes .
taking bigger mouthfuls , with my nostrils closed to avoid the nasty after - taste , i downed the breakfast and alternated my gaze between the landscape on the wall and the contents of the room .
alex is like a gifted collector , a divvie when it comes to spotting the genuine article , but he has no interest in modern art or landscapes .
normally one would expect to find a few watercolours and landscapes in a room such as this- especially considering this was suburban london .
still lifes , religious scenes , and landscapes accompanied portraits of nobility and politicians .
langdon was well versed in dante 's work , and his prominence as an art historian who specialized in iconography meant he was occasionally called upon to interpret the vast array of symbols that populated dante 's landscape .
at one end stood a roentgen cabinet with a millet landscape over it .
it was a landscape by daumier , lit by a chill winter moon .
alette looked at the paintings that she had placed around the booth , most of them landscapes in bright , vivid colors that leaped from the canvas .
while ashley was at lunch , a male nurse walked into her room and saw a painting of a landscape on the floor .
i p - painted a lot of landscapes th - there .
they spent weekends in the country and stopped at little hostels where tony would set up his easel and paint landscapes , and when they got hungry dominique would spread out a picnic lunch she had prepared and they would eat in a meadow .
she sized up the landscapes as if it were the property depicted , not the picture itself , that she were acquiring .
they saw that his eyes were green and alive , even in blank repose , the eyes of a wanderer , both intellectually and geographically , never satisfied , never at peace , constantly roving over landscapes he wanted to explore or create .
as smith watched the massive general leave , his gaze was drawn to all of the paintings , mostly of french landscapes , hung around the room .
but still he wondered , especially after he learned that at the time of death , both of these humble clerks had on their persons costly gold pocket watchescin fact , as he confirmed , the two watches were identical , both with a fine cloisonne landscape on the inside of the watchcase .
arrayed on the birch tabletop before him was a thoroughly convincing pointillist landscape of a feeble nation .
this part of the house reminded him of venice 's best , though the towering mullion windows framed mountain landscapes instead of the grand canal .
he did not grasp what some of these things were supposed to be about , although he actually liked almost all of them , especially a couple of landscapes .
there was a tiny man up above the orchestra pit , waving and swirling that baton , painting whole landscapes in the air with every breath , making the music lift and fall , steering us effortlessly through the song .
like an uninspired artist 's brushstroke across a landscape that screams of boredom and unoriginality , so is the typical american strip mall .
when we were n't roaming the cemetery at night , he painted landscapes and portraits of me .
it was a landscape of the country club itself.by alexander .
i have always loved these old european dwellings , big as landscapes ; no wonder they invite the spirits of the dead to come back .
a tool they could use and a power they could harness ... that was the landscape they were painting , and failure was n't an option .
nick so loved the rosy landscape his father painted .
upon his bared chest , a hieronymus bosch painting had been tattooed , a hellish landscape of death and punishment .
unfortunately , the images rendered on it were not beautiful flowers or happy unicorns ; instead the entire ceiling was covered in a landscape of gruesome , gory scenes - vampires depicted at their very worst , like i 'd seen valdov in that brief but chilling moment .
for the most part , the works of art were uninspired scenes of landscapes and seascapes and an occasional still life , except for one rather large painting in the back of the gallery .
several landscapes adorned the pale yellow walls .
paintings of sunny landscapes graced the walls between the rooms .
he did n't hear them come in as he continued to paint the orange tinged leaves on his landscape .
chapter 11 rachel lay there in silence staring up at the ceiling , which was beautifully painted with a landscape of a roman garden with sculptures and fountains .
the customary hotel painting of a serene landscape hung on the wall , it was completely out of place amidst all of the destruction and mayhem .
the paintings within the room were all landscapes , beautiful mountains and rivers with animals and sunsets that were so realistic that she almost believed they were real .
they were beautiful landscapes and certainly looked like his work .
flowers , landscapes , and this was sushi . ''
it was only a couple of days old and mostly it was just landscape pictures and camel shadows and dusty children selling jewelry at the roadside , but then there was this one shot that caused zuzana to set her teacup aside and sit up .
they passed through bright , cream - colored hallways with bronze sconces and bronze - framed portraits and landscapes .
landscape flying past a window ... then a sports car , shiny tomato orange .
i ' m not saying i want to go write a magnum opus or anything , but i 'd love to have a tiny cabin to myself in the mountains , where i could paint landscapes until my hand falls off and not be around people like monkey megan and eric ` ` i refuse to play the animal introduction game '' and alligator andrea , who probably is an alligator disguised as a sorority girl .
only when everything is put away do i stand and allow myself to be greeted by the landscapes and faces i ' ve painted on the walls .
the room was clean , though , and an effort had been made to brighten the dingy walls with cheap prints of bright sunlit landscapes .
he walks around slowly , examining the gigantic paintings of landscapes on the white , white walls , taking in the so - puffy - you - can't - sit - on - it beige couch and the immense armchairs , finally settling into the one in front of the fireplace .
her mother worked at an art gallery in hollis that sold tame , tepid landscapes of old pennsylvania barns and detailed paintings of local birds .
feeling groggy and unsettled , she walked down the stairs and passed the long , narrow gallery hall where her mother displayed the thomas cole landscapes she 'd inherited from her grandfather .
imaginary meredith # 1 studied art history and worked for a stuffy , stale gallery somewhere on the main line that sold hudson river school landscapes to rich old ladies .
she 'd been coming to this library all her life , but she 'd never noticed that all the oil paintings on the computer room 's walls were of woodsy landscapes .
i reach inside myself and find the part of me that 's used to dragging the unwilling through all kinds of uncompromising landscapes , and i try for a lighter tone .
from the side of the stove hung the backyard landscapes the twins had painted in watercolor at their preschool .
above all hang large paintings in fancy carved gilt frames , depicting fox hunts and bucolic landscapes and champion horses .
nights , he tossed back a couple belts , cranked up a wheezy old cassette recorder , and slathered canvasses with eerie , surreal landscapes choked with bizarre creatures , as frank sinatra or dean martin burbled , or bleak house or the old curiosity shop or a dozen other dickens novels and stories spun themselves out on the air .
none of the painted glass figurines or charming landscapes dotted with sheep and cheerful women that mum liked .
chapter one i am a landscape artist : that means i fall in love with most of the scenes i see while walking on the streets of cardiff .
i make landscape art and these things are also part of the landscape .
painting landscapes without a living thing in it would make the picture look serene ; deserted . ''
` ` that 's because wilson has a subjective way of rendering his landscapes which are based mostly on the season .
large paintings hung on the walls , portraits of foreign royalty next to large landscapes .
they also constantly changed their appearance and in the light of these suns the landscapes depicted on the walls took on the most enchanting forms .
the paintings on the wall , landscapes of distant worlds rendered in his own hand , a clumsy god with a horsehair brush and meager palate , stared silently back as seven considered them , wishing he dwelt in one of those fantasies instead of grim and unpleasant reality .
thorn had a weakness for beautiful paintings , especially landscapes or nature scenes , and these took his breath away .
the pictures were mostly landscapes , with either figures in the distance or none at all .
as i looked further , i recognised the style too and asked , mr . fonteneau , did you by any chance paint an african landscape with nellie as the central character ?
we left them with the impression that we were simply retracing family movements into the country and the landscapes of the painting we had brought along .
he stared in awe at the fantastic illustrations , many detailing startling landscapes and strange beasts , their workmanship extraordinary in its detail , the depth of colour astonishing .
he turned away from the soldier and watched landscapes passing by in the window .
he stepped into a covered breezeway leasing to the kitchen door and navigated by the faint light of the decorative landscape lighting .
once ensconced in the arts and crafts shack eliza began creating acrylic paintings on canvas of faces of indian chiefs and indian themed landscapes .
-edmund hillary a book , like a landscape , is a state of consciousness varying with readers .
oil paintings of landscapes covered the walls .
the colors warped and the landscapes became reality , their stretched , low resolution textures bending and bleeding into battle and numbers .
when finished , kolya moved on , leaving the landscape relief to freeze over and persist through the rest of the winter : an icon for anyone willing to see .
www.marksabawriter.com other books by mark saba ebooks ( fiction ) the shoemaker ( see excerpt ) tipping points signs printed books the landscapes of pater ( fiction ) painting a dissapearing canvas ( poetry ) thaddeus olsen ( fiction ) in the anthology desperate remedies excerpt from the shoemaker from a hilltop that overlooked other hills east of the city , as well as the valleys of two opposing rivers , they gathered to mourn the death of their father , pietro cavalieri .
large paintings of amazing landscapes hung on most walls .
tastefully decorated with wooden panelled walls and paintings of various landscapes , there was no dominate colour as had been the case in every other part of the house .
a lone painting of a winter landscape hung from the wall on the left hand side and two chairs were set before the desk for audiences .
opening the book was like being invited into a whole new world of vivid colour , of striking landscapes , of intricate shapes and patterns drawn from life .
mom was a landscape specialist and stayed home with me , doing her thing when i was at school .
for all her reading of far off cultures and dreamy landscapes , her interest had never settled for long enough on the very people who had stood , merely moments ago , before her .
helen pokes about in these museum rooms for nice landscapes or pieces of sculpture to introduce a little cheer to their dingy rooms .
at first they conjure up behind the other silent tamper - proof locked doors modest things like nice painted landscapes , balzac , rye , rope , tools , maps , bibles .
later , much later , the hope emerges into conscious formulation that somewhere in the labyrinth of corridors behind one of those tamper - proof locked doors lies something immeasurably better than painted landscapes : the way out to the real landscape on the other side of the window .
the two of them studied a tactical game , pewter pawns upon movable tiles shaped like various landscapes .
inside , the walls were decorated with beautiful landscapes , paintings of kaloc amongst various family groups , and one large striking portrait of kaloc with a woman with long , dark hair which flowed past her shoulders .
so he explored the varied landscapes of pain ... beloved pain ! from dirt in his food to block its delights , to sleeping naked in the snow until his now arthritic feet and hands were deep blue , to drawing upon his own flesh a landscape of scars and pockmarksever revealing through ugliness the beauty of his soul , ever his body the canvas that botticelli should have painted !
so he explored the varied landscapes of pain ... beloved pain ! from dirt in his food to block its delights , to sleeping naked in the snow until his now arthritic feet and hands were deep blue , to drawing upon his own flesh a landscape of scars and pockmarksever revealing through ugliness the beauty of his soul , ever his body the canvas that botticelli should have painted !
there were landscapes and entire worlds contained in her eyes .
with an elegance she had not seen in his other drawings of demons , landscapes and other combinations of equally boring and horrifying subjects , the page seemed less a sketch and more a memory , revisited frequently in the strokes of charcoal and ink .
niobe stood next to a watercolor landscape of grama and pinon , shifting her feet often .
there are also paintings on the walls ; some of landscapes , some of angels , others are abstracts , full of vibrant colors and intricate shapes .
on the walls were expertly painted murals depicting different scenes and landscapes .
there was a poster of ryan reynolds on the wall , a collage of photos and some arty framed works of parisian landscapes .
thankfully there was nothing of the heebie jeebie variety inside , just stacks and stacks of books and magazines , floral upholstery , watercolor landscapes , doilies , lace , dolls , and dust .
bayou landscapes done in rich oils hung on the walls , and the floors were beautifully polished wood .
the carpet was bare in spots , and the landscapes painted on the stateroom doors had long since faded into dullness .
he was in the far corner of the living room now , straightening a monet landscape under the recessed lights .
that is not the same thing as the love that exists in god : but it is like it - rather in the way that a picture drawn on a flat piece of paper can nevertheless be ` like ' a landscape .
he reflected that he would have very little to show for his amazing voyage if he survived it : a smattering of the language , a few landscapes , some half - understood physics - but where were the statistics , the history , the broad survey of extra - terrestrial conditions , which such a traveller ought to bring back ?
a photograph , omitting the colours and the perpetual variation of shape , would make them look deceptively like landscapes in our own world , but the reality is very different ; for they , are dry and fruitful like land but their only shape is the inconstant shape of the water beneath them .
his imagination painted him landscapes of conquered territories , glowing with croach and covered in hives that spawned fresh nightmares by the thousands .
as he came forward into the chamber , he saw that the walls streamed with tiny , crawling pictures , as though a film of oil was continuously flowing down over them from ceiling to floor and carrying with it a thin scum of ever - changing images : swirls of vivid color , geometric shapes , mazy impressionistic designs , vast surrealistic landscapes .
the landscapes we passed were gorgeous and exquisitely colored , like a real - life thomas kinkade painting .
enormous stone pillars supported the high ceiling , and rich oil paintings of various landscapes turned the walls into seas of living color .
a multicolored stained - glass landscape hung above the fireplace 's opening , and flames from the roaring fire - along with several strategically placed candles - cast the only light in the room .
surrounding that photo were portraits of him and various friends at different ages , and landscapes of other places he 'd lived .
and a number of dark landscapes in heavy gilt frames hanging here and there .
it is such a tiresome place , that the conviction has been growing upon me that england would be best served , were it to become the site of a gothick ruin , which one only visits briefly on a pic - nic in order to admire and sketch the picturesque nature of its fallen towers , and then moves on to more cheerful landscapes .
i had new frescoes painted over faded landscapes and fauns in the triclinium , and replaced part of the wooden ceilings in the bedrooms .
the walls were wainscoted with beautiful oak paneling on the bottom and landscapes of various sites in canada hung on the top half .
they looked like original water colors , and they were pretty good prairie landscapes , not the usual hotel fare .
it was like dancing with landscape , each partner bending towards the other , interweaving their distinct patterns with a music that , he now realised , few would ever hear , and even he only heard the distant echo .
they took the same attitude to landscape , to the latins , to women ; an etruscan seduced , a roman raped .
it 's like watching faces in the fire , or seeing landscapes in the clouds .
myself , i like my landscapes and pleasant scenery .
a serious endeavor of starving and frustrated artist , steve coldsworth , was to see one of his nature landscapes accepted by a vineyard and ultimately displayed on a bottle of wine .
more pictures of serene countryside landscapes fill the wooden slatted walls and a tiny waterfall spills over a small pile of polished stones on an end table .
there was no more trace of the colors of his / her landscapes , of the sharp pain vegetation that trespassed anywhere in that fertile earth .
his conceptual designs and artwork have appeared in films , and his landscapes , still lifes , and portraits are found in private collections .
many were landscapes .
they systematically obliterated ( with basic white now ) what deserved to be obliterated , usually faces but also elements of landscapes .
the only reality for him in the underground was those marred faces and landscapes .
the west of ireland , too , is full of wild rumour and legendry , and a fantastic painter named ardois - bonnot hangs a blasphemous dream landscape in the paris spring salon of 1926 .
paintings of fantastical landscapes colored the walls .
it was like bringing a painting close to your eyes and watching as the scene portrait , landscape , still life collapses into nothing but strokes of color , most with the marks of the brush still embedded in them .
henry leaned back momentarily , frowning with the studied concentration of an artist painting a landscape .
but i simply tell myself that this july there is no one on earth painting better landscapes than glendon pequod bateman , b.a . , m.a . , m.f.a .
the reception desk curved round one wall , above it a huge oil on wood landscape , an arcadian scene of garrulous peasants and happily corpulent livestock .
she had inspired him before , to landscapes , picturesque scenes of grass and sheep .
the cluster of onlookers receded , sitting once more or hiding their smiles behind soft - backed erotic landscapes , feeding themselves such ambrosial delights as fellatio frappe and coconut cum cake .
the walls that did exist were adorned with pictures of landscapes and architecture from across the universe , and large hangings of cloth offering soothing patterns and tertiary colours .
landscapes of sprawling design , highlighted by ornamental flowers and shrubs , traced the street edge .
down the wide hallway we strolled , passing calderesque mobiles a - dangle with thin strips of recycled metal , misshapen busts of the starving poor sculpted from discarded fruit and a series of oil portraits depicting industrial landscapes under attack by hirsute children who appeared spawned of daisy plants and rabid beavers .
windows were framed with sheer burgundy curtains , and beautiful oil landscapes , of what i assumed were the french countryside , added intimate elegance without making the place feel cluttered or like an art museum .
i gaze at the oil paintings on the walls , good old english landscapes as opposed to grotesque females with deformed breasts .
the matisse painting was a fauve work , and the cezanne was a landscape .
roger opened the discussion , saying , we have two paintings of landscapes , one of people in a landscape , and one of a cityscape .
roger said , ok . act ii is based on a painting by cezanne , another landscape .
with the introductions done and the sexual heat dissipating a little , they looked out from the stage and saw soderberg up in the small balcony , scanning his creative landscape .
she had never really taken the opportunity to appreciate the eclectic mix of mahogany furniture and modern upholstered pieces or the several paintings of landscapes that graced the walls .
` ` my wife is a prolific artist of one landscape . ''
the greatest writer who ever lived , whoever he was , could never accurately capture in words the surreal landscapes , the bizarre atmospherics , and the twisted emotions generated by that pot - roast lodged between everybodys ears .
i was weaned from plots in college , but there comes a time when a man gets tired of reading detailed descriptions of the inner landscapes of characters whose pointless lives are ground to ash by their inability to move in any direction .
mushroom - coloured walls were decorated with tasteful landscapes of the local area and portraits of local victorian dignitaries , and every few feet a pair of shaded wall lights cast a soft mellow light both upwards and downwards .
eventually , our story , which we alternated writing between the two of them , chronicling the cloisonn pinbacks of daffy duck , the hideously small territory , the foul - smelling sides of beef , the wishing well with the cute little bucket , the zwieback , the giant zone of desolation , the unhappy homeless presidents , the mincemeat homosexuals , the cold winters night , the misery goats and all communist frogs , the bravest of all rape victims , the broiling dick 's burgers , the torso of larry flynt , the whining tigers , the bed overhung with nude portraits of dolly parton , the giant trees , your ugly face , the legal smoking materials , the holocaust , the burning deck , treacherous maoris , the double handfuls of living breathing coins , the shadow of your smile , the giant fart , the abortion story seal of approval , nowhere , the battalion of wicker woven baskets thrown at you , the bleeding landscape , the math tables , the chrome dinette , the second coffee , your aging urine , the lobster claws , arlene 's left ear , the h - bomb , one of the scarlet tortoises of hell , nobody 's fool , the cracks in its shell , the starlight , us , the white manta ray , the crescent hot rolls from pittsburgh , our sleep , reality , sluggo 's house , jews , the cracks in every wall , god , the support beams , the mountains , arlene 's doubtful nature , her own eyes , her ass , her haid , her cream - filled hostess cupcakes , ` ` hit , '' arlene 's arm , the woods , the rescue rangers , nothing , and.doc severinson all inspired other useless , narcissistic and boring cribbage stories .
it used to be a dreary watercolour of a pastoral landscape , obviously painted by an amateur , perhaps armaita himself .
she is caught for eternity , like her soul - sister lauren bacall also on the wall above my bed in a nicotine sfumato that shrouds a landscape every bit as contrived as that of the soundstage exteriors in the big sleep .
other attendants had told fiona that eddie was capable of being disruptive but that the sign was a change in his paintings subject matter from benign land- and seascapes to weird and compelling interior landscapes abstract expressionist in style .
he was doing much better , going on outings and painting serene landscapes again .
it happened to be there because woody , a notorious penny pincher , had taken a fancy to an oil landscape , a piece of early american impressionism .
her next assignment , she said , was going to be a landscape , and she knew she would paint that scene .
the walls were painted golden , like their love , the rugs and new couch were red - tinged like their passion for each other , the pictures on the wall serene landscapes reflected the trust they had in each other , and the bare , unfinished places pointed to the future of sharing their lives they had in store .
i loved it : the poetry of the creek and the beauty of the life on the land : i lived inside a landscape painting and heard music everywhere .
for relaxation , he had been copying a landscape hung in the hall of banabrooka project he was finishing late on thursday when penelope arrived .
on one of her visits to the art gallery , she was attracted by a bush landscape shed not previously seen .
taking a brush , he painted the symbol in thick strokes , nearly obliterating his much - loved landscape .
20 the painter of exotic , transvisual landscapes slept next to his fitful wife .
the canvas of his wrapped head was stretched flat and bare , exposed to the knives and brushes and imaginary pigments , there to delineate fantastic landscapes , a painting both harsh and exact , crude and precise in its interpretation of the facts .
there , he saw landscapes that touched him so much , there was no doubt in his mind that there was a god and he spoke to man through the landscapes and sunsets .
he remembered his father dragging him to art museums , all kinds of art museums , impressionist art galleries , cubism , modern , post - modern , landscapes , abstract , everything .
sterile japanese landscapes hang on the walls , their colors so muted and contained that even in the direct beam of morning sunlight they bleed boredom into flat , white walls .
mary stopped frequently to check the wares of the local artists , normally hand - made jewelry , photographs , or paintings of landscapes past and present .
but on this occasion , the rooms corkboards appeared like desert landscapes .
randomly hung artwork consisted of framed reproductions of robert woods landscapes and a few sun - splashed cottage scenes by thomas kinkade .
i occasionally try my hand at oil painting , mostly portraits , some landscapes , and animals .
given a choice , however , charles would not have chosen law , he would much rather have been a gardeneror a landscape architect .
melissa , who would much rather have seen him a gardeneror landscape architectthan a lawyer , asked him again , shortly after their wedding , are you sure you want to be a lawyer , charlie ?
no , to those who can see them , thoughts are more like three - dimensional movies that appear like landscapes around the thinker : scenes , small or not so small , with the thinker dead center like the invisible conductor of a thousand thousand instrument orchestraconstantly changing , fading , rising , shifting , moving , telling .
to that first official meeting of ours many others have followed of it ; all characterized by long visceral conversations , landscapes to be gazed and to discuss , insatiable kisses , breaks of thought and abrupt accelerations of feeling .
in her portfolio she placed an impressionistic watercolor landscape of the berkeley pier , an abstract oil with predominant browns , a tempura in beige and blues of expressionist sympathies , and finally , a tropical gouache .
she felt very proud of herself , not so much of her work , but rather of her ability to move beyond faces to simple , small landscapes .
on the wall in front of her were landscapes , moonlight , coastlines , a horseman on a dusk - darkened golden field .
a wall of landscapes , a wall of portraits .
i painted watercolors , still lifes mostly , with an occasional landscape , which was why i was a part - time delivery boy instead of attending graduate school or serving an apprenticeship in a bank .
i stopped doing landscapes and put all my efforts into sketching and painting eve .
but those dark northern landscapes , heavy and deliber - ate , they seem more authentic .
but the muse des beaux arts still possessed bruegels masterpiece of genre and myth , landscape with the fall of icarus .
the impersonal settingwith its pale - green walls , nylon floral - print bedspread , and unremarkable landscape painting hanging over the bedsomehow made the moment all that much more intimate .
he felt the need to get out into nature and draw , whether that be scenes of people at work , or just landscapes .
plus the countryside out there was ` ` rolling '' , offering plenty of opportunity for landscapes should he fall short on the rural labour front .
van gogh 's landscapes seemed different in style to his later paintings , less intricate .
he also remembered that he had promised to have a go at creating a better logo for x - tradition , so he picked up his sketch pad and flipped the morning 's landscape over to reveal a blank page .
the rows of paint seemed to light up and hold endless possibilities of landscapes and portraits , memories and dreams .
the walls had a lot of pictures of landscapes and such , and also a lot of what looked like old family portraits of dudes dressed up in old - fashioned clothes .
simply to be accepted here i had to present to this landscape of you my true self .
( the shell oil productions were particularly good on the making of desert landscapes ; especially the one about locusts which completely besplattered the angular windscreen of the dragoon rapide spraying and filming the swarm .
after all hitler was a failure in so many ways , never commissioned , never accepted to the academy of art , even though his landscapes were as good as the sketches produced by the young leonardo , ... he was spurned at many elections .
the pictures of landscapes , the photographs of exotic places and a refreshing lack of portraits of rupert .
but it had not been totally pointless because now it existed as a natural work of landscape art that no museum or gallery could boast of .
he looked around and noticed most walls in the main room were natural logs but the far wall had been partially sheet rocked and painted a neutral tan , a series of light ethereal mountain landscapes hung on the many pegs .
she had used a different style than the one she used for her landscapes .
* * * * * after two hours , and endless arguing over what i wanted and what mother thought i should want , i ordered a camel leather couch and recliner to match , a new butcher block kitchen table set , and a lovely landscape to hang above the fireplace .
the painting i 'd purchased was not great art , but simply a pretty landscape that complimented my new furniture .
mark specialized in softly colored polished rock door stops and framed prints featuring watercolor landscapes of early california .
hildebrandt entered , carrying a fairly large landscape , gripping the heavy wood frame by its edges .
above the desk hung a large print of a desert scene ; other landscapes hung around the walls , jungles , mountains and a polar ice cap .
to begin with , spencer worked for desert nursery and landscape sales in henderson , nevada right outside of las vegas , before his stint at the seaside nursery .
everything in sims ' sight whispered money and taste , from the oriental rugs and runners to the well - polished , antique items of early - american furniture and handsome landscapes and portraits that adorned the painted walls .
i pulled into the landscape materials supply companys yard , which was on a small dirt road off the main highway , and reselected the stone needed for the project , since the original order could nt be filled .
the landscapes in the north east provided him with enough inspiration to last more than a lifetime .
she creates art in two categories : fantasy landscapes and abstract expressionism .
magazine cutouts of landscapes all around the world frame my bed in lieu of a real headboard .
someone also likes monet , his winter landscapes you do nt often see .
three are landscapes and ones a still life .
the three landscapes are similar in style and technique .
bailey stood looking at the large landscape above the fireplace .
kele marten , landscape artist , looked me in the eyes .
he could probably paint a landscape of aunt sally 's bottom from memory . ''
under these scenes of debauchery hung incongruous landscapes painted by someone attempting -- and failing -- to imitate turner .
noisome , shabby hucksters flapped the air with original montmartre landscape watercolors and etchings .
the latter , hewn effigies of gargoyles , nymphs and other mythical creatures , gave the place a demonic aspect that brought to mind the landscapes of hieronymus bosch .
the room was windowless and had a couple of insipid landscapes on the walls as a gesture toward decoration .
most of the newer burbs had landscapes that looked somehow phony , like a recent hair transplant .
a dark wooden five - drawer dresser sat against another wall , and large paintings of flowered landscapes were displayed around the room .
there were muddy tracks through the linoleum - tiled kitchen , the art work on the walls consisted of landscape portraits that were probably painted in the 1970s , and the air smelled stale , despite high - powered fans in every room desperately trying to combat the heat .
i looked at gus but he was staring at the wall now , eyes drifting over a pastoral landscape , too green field , bright red barn .
the ones he studied were a collection of desert landscapes , focusing on colors .
they were landscapes of the vegas mountains , much like the ones i had in my living room .
due to the desert landscapes , we leaned towards an l.a showing .
towards the end of the evening , tristan bought my largest landscape and a smaller still - life .
museumgoers were preoccupied with still lifes and landscapes .
art deco desert landscapes that creed would tell me later were by ed mell .
chace keaton walked swiftly out the backdoor but not so swiftly he did n't see the photo in the windowsill of walker and lexie standing close , arms around each other , beautiful landscape in the back , lexie walker smiling bright and happy at the camera , clearly exactly where she wanted to be and where that was was not standing in front of beautiful landscape .
this section of the hospital does not resemble a hospital at all - a plush hotel corridor , more like , with its soft yellow lighting , tasteful wallpaper and watercolors of moldavian landscapes .
mia snickered , then followed evie down the wide hallway lined with framed family photographs and pretty oil paintings of western landscapes .
oil portraits lined the corridors and elaborate battle scenes or landscapes featured the long walls of open , spacious rooms .
she ignored him and took to studying the pale cream walls of the reception area , admiring the oil landscapes that broke the monotony and which , she decided , had an amazingly calming effect .
maps and landscapes .
she did nt care that they d paid me an ungodly amount of money for painting scenic landscapes on their walls .
i was planning on painting more landscapes for his parents rich friends .
on the far wall was a pair of landscapes by a little - known french artist he d discovered when in paris several years earlier .
he flipped through the snapshots of barton and the photos of roman monuments and italian landscapes with fond recollection .
how surprised she was to see that the stamps were miniature works of art , exquisite renditions of flowers , birds , or landscapes and architecture , all in brilliant colors .
the drawings were totally different but just as elaborate , depicting landscapes and the odd house in clear , precise lines .
ten minutes later , as she sat on the bed staring at the pictures of black and white landscapes on the wall , there was a soft knock on the door .
with all the inspiration around here , all these beautiful landscapes and animals , i m sure i d have never - ending paintings to sell .
the host , a friendly man with a knowing smile , led us down a hall hung with elegant landscapes depicting a beautiful lake surrounded by tree - covered hills .
the entire far wall of the room consisted of floor - to - ceiling windows overlooking the lake depicted in the landscapes .
there were several framed photographs on the walls , showing montana landscapes in black and white , and a big green and gold painting of a freshly - harvested field in late afternoon light that seemed to make the whole room glow .
she made good progress with the landscape drawings , working through the days and making the most of not being able to sleep by toiling at her computer long into the night .
she looked him up and down , as if wondering whether a landscape or interior might be better .
it was mostly charcoal drawings of city life or scenic landscapes that he somehow transformed into ethereal , picturesque , and peculiar versions of themselves .
her fear was that friends , out of pity and concern , would purchase her landscapes in a desire to support her .
` ` as i explained , this is n't one of my landscapes , '' anne said , opening the door .
` ` five landscapes , i think he said .
` ` yes , and landscapes .
the sense of elation that buzzed through him , replacing the nervousness with warm pleasure , was heady indeed , for she had voiced her praise as though she 'd been looking at a fantastic landscape painting complete with a castle , some mountains and a boat upon a lake , so vividly depicted that one might imagine stepping right into the scenery .
painting was a common pastime activity for ladies to engage in , but most of them favored landscapes and still life , certainly not the otherworldly creatures rebecca had conjured , for as she 'd later revealed to daniel , she had n't painted only fairies but goblins and giants as well .
they continued to walk through the rooms , looking at the beautiful ceilings depicting everything from landscapes to haunting scenes , to simple artwork .
his photographs were both black - and - white and color , and his subjects included landscapes and details of nature , like a close - up of some porous stone on a beach or the pattern of bark on a tree .
a couple of oil paintings , both western landscapes she 'd bought at the gallery years before , had gone up next .
whether she drew people or animals or landscapes , they were al detailed and lifelike .
they reminded julia of some of the canadian landscapes paul had taken her to see at the art gallery of ontario .
marcus tucked her against his chest and gazed at the gilt - framed landscape that hung above the mantel .
she had been out much of that morning , as she oftentimes was whenever the weather allowed ( and when she was free to do so ) , working on her landscape painting .
a work of art is not simply a depiction of a flower , a landscape , or a portrait of someone - it is rather an insight into the artist 's soul , a window if you will .
the white is crowded with paintings , starting near the floor with a row of amateur acrylics and leading up to three stunning oil canvases : a sleeping girl about to be devoured by tigers , a nightmarish christ on a geometric cross , and a surreal landscape draped with melting clocks .
she will sleep for hours more , dreaming endless landscapes and novas of colour both gorgeous and frightening .
` ` she does n't paint landscapes . ''
` ` she just tried her hand at landscapes .
i ' m painting mountain landscapes now . ''
` ` you hate landscapes . ''
` ` i have a new appreciation for landscapes since meeting an architect . ''
she 's never written a nature poem , just as she 's never painted a landscape . ''
maybe when he requested a business meeting he 'd concentrate on the rational logistics of the building rather than paint an emotional landscape for the sale .
her usual portraits seemed blase , and she had no interest in landscapes .
the formality was softened by the array of candles , dim lighting , and gorgeous watercolors of tuscan landscapes adorning the walls .
gorgeous artwork filled the walls , an intriguing mix of raw landscapes and erotica .
basic sketches filled the walls with a variety of figures , and she 'd tried her hand at a landscape that she abandoned halfway through .
` ` do you shoot landscapes ?
they were so much more than pretty landscapes .
the classic landscapes on the wall also revealed little .
but he noticed the back window of the camper shell was open , and the sounds he 'd thought belonged to gas - powered landscape tools seemed to be coming from there .
in windows on either side of the closed door hung large canvases - one was a traditional landscape , the tulips in the skagit valley , done in golds and reds , beneath a shadowy , melancholy black sky ; the other was a still life , a vase full of pink dahlias .
part one the true voyage of self - discovery lies not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.-marcel proust chapter 1 rain fell like tiny silver teardrops from the tired sky .
two of the large canvases were landscapes , three , portraits .
her back was turned to him ; she was staring at the half - finished landscape on the easel as though it were a window .
with his hands clasped at the small of his back , he took in the room , noting how the heavy masculine furniture was offset by flowery pastel drapes and artwork featuring picturesque country landscapes .
you ' ve hung no portraits of loved ones or pleasing landscapes .
on the surface , eliza appeared as moderate in form as she was in temperament , but even in this , her private landscape was the most picturesque .
lit only by the moonlight filtering through the blinds of a single window , antique swords and axes hung on the wal s , bordering hand - painted landscapes of war and death .
drake grinned as the men parted ways and helen found the landscape print on the wall suddenly intriguing .
iain shoved her back to the kitchen wall , propping her up right between the telephone and a framed landscape painting .
she lends her body to the class as a landscape with a smile , and every guy in the class is perked to attention .
and then we 'll place the next clue on the frame of one of the landscape paintings in the music room . ''
there were two matching crystal lamps , one on each of the nightstands , and an impressionist landscape painting hung on the wall opposite the closet .
` ` it feels like one of those model - train landscapes -or like a stage set , '' she said .
there were internal fractures that seemed to be acting as prisms to form miniature landscapes .
beach landscapes mingled with framed family candids that added a surprise touch of hominess to the designer decor .
outside the shadows covering the mountains and valleys were reminiscent of the landscape pictures painted by the artists from the hudson river school .
fine art , predominantly landscapes , adorned the wal s. the furniture looked very ethan al en , but emma suspected it was far older than that .
paintings of landscapes and expensive knickknacks and so many dishes that the man could run a kitchen .
framed landscapes and portraits marched along the walls , so far her only companions .
enrique saved his salvador dali collection for himself , a trio of the surrealist 's ` ` soft watches '' melting over landscapes .
above the furnishings hung massive oil paintings of landscapes that - just a shot in the dark here - must have cost a small fortune .