she noticed him glance behind her momentarily and hesitate but she focused all of her attention on the man , knowing that there was only a landscape painting on the wall behind her .
zack already knew exactly why not , but he glanced over at her anyway as if to confirm what he felt : she was sitting with her feet curled beneath her on the sofa , the firelight gleaming on her shiny hair as she looked up at a beautiful landscape portrait hanging above the fireplace - her entire profile was as serene and as innocent as a choirgirl 's at christmas mass .
i moved through the floor wishing tristan was at my side so i could tell him about all the wonderful history of landscape painting in venice .
lost in thought about landscape painting , i did n't see the man next to me until he spoke .
although he continued to proclaim his innocence , he had n't found any hint or trace of the paintings he believed were missing , and that shook his faith , made him wonder if he 'd dreamed up the absence of landscape with the fall of icarus to absolve himself from the guilt that plagued him .
the first two shops eleanor entered turned up nothing , though she found a landscape photograph she bought for a tuppence to put in a little frame for her desk .
a cheaply framed landscape poster labeled mount rainier hung over the mantel .
it smacked into the cheap landscape painting hanging there , both items crashing to the carpeted floor with a loud thud .
` ` your friend here seems more of a landscape man , not portraits .
i could n't get the idea of trying my hand at landscape painting out of my head .
how exactly can a portrait and a landscape look the same ? ''
this was fine with those pictures that depicted a landscape or a still life , but a few were portraits and i found it a little disconcerting that these faces seemed to follow me around the room wherever i went .
actually , marge did that big landscape painting .
johnny asked , as he studied one of her wall - hung landscape paintings closely .
there were lucio and favero landscape paintings next to isabelle and svanhilda nudes .
iris is learning how to play the guitar , and has taken up landscape painting .
there was a small flickering light at the door , another at the end of the walk up to it , and a couple of splotches of landscape lighting , but other than that , nothing .
mrs . hambro told us that they had just moved to inverness ; the man was a landscape painter and his wife did dress alterations .
nothing was left from her but one carved chair and three heavily framed landscape paintings .
the view from the pretty paneled windows reminded me of a thousand respectable landscape paintings laid side by side and brought to sudden life .
i was left with a half - dozen elderly landscape oil painters as clients .
it all seemed so perfect , as if a landscape painter had finally created his masterpiece of an ideal english countryside .
she had sat in the examining room atop the crinkled tissue papered bench looking at the small mediocre landscape painting hanging above the computer .
the walls were the same uniform grey color , although they were brightened by three landscape paintings .
i m passing around some landscape photographs of local buildings and sceneries the junior class compiled during their field trip last week .
pencil landscape and animal drawings fill the pages .
wil resembles the conservative side of a person to become a landscape architect .
he found himself moving into landscape architecture by chance , rather than as a goal in early life .
wils drifting into landscape architecture took time and virtually followed a pathway of doing the landscaping details for architectural drawings .
wil had a flair for landscape architecture .
his landscape architecture practice , he 'll try to sell or just close it down .
there was nothing of these feelings addressed in the teachings of landscape architecture .
landscape architecture is such a clinical practice , the dissertation of the land to suit an intended use for it , an intending use imprinted from above as the drawer of the plan stands over the drawing on the table , sketching and etching changes to its use , and imaging its future , but doing so not to connect to it in any other way than some version of the place in their mind .
john and his bull - shitting again , for how can some place , you know , you ca n't draw them or place them onto a landscape drawing ; how can a place have spirits ?
his library of landscape and architectural reference left at their home were more important than anything else , for they were his reference in the days of practice as a landscape architect , including his studio desk and computer with its cad system of drawings , which made him realise that his office was really nothing much more than a desk and computer , some files in a cabinet and a printer .
his library of landscape and architectural reference left at their home were more important than anything else , for they were his reference in the days of practice as a landscape architect , including his studio desk and computer with its cad system of drawings , which made him realise that his office was really nothing much more than a desk and computer , some files in a cabinet and a printer .
it was a time and place to ponder something of the future ; did he dust off his landscape architecture stuff and ask around in coffs harbour for something part - time , or set up on his own ?
i want to go back into landscape architecture , but not how i was .
then i m going to go back and become a landscape architect .
his narrow life only taking him to one botanical garden and he was a landscape architect !
the darkness outside was barely illuminated with low wattage landscape lighting and the room itself was dimly litexcept for the coffee table .
are you interested in a landscape or a portrait ?
a landscape artist should certainly know his work .
he called up the online library for the work of an english landscape artist , philip johnston , a contemporary of morettis who had produced similar paintings .
i ve also run the johnstons , and other moretti contemporaries , all landscape artists , and none of them compares with either moretti or andrews , which is what you d expect .
following up on de la place , i thought about a few other portraitists and landscape artists who painted in the same style from about 1750 until the late nineteen hundreds .
they are both quite well - known english landscape artists from that period who worked extensively around here .
ella had always mocked him because he loved the german and english landscape paintings , but they gave him peace .
she always marveled at the flamboyance of the rooms decor : marble floors , countertop , tub , and toilet ; china basins decorated with shrewdly authentic replicas of floral arrangements by japanese masters ; the dove gray head of a bird supporting the seat of the commode and a raised bathtub with feet resembling the talons of an eagle ; and elaborate , stained - glass windows of landscape scenes and wildlife on every outside wall .
the sagging sofa chairs , faded floral wallpaper , cheaply framed landscape prints , scratched and chipped wardrobes and the mantlepiece stacked with cigarette packets , simply could nt summon anything amongst themselves worthy of a second look , which was fine unless you happened to live there .
a new york landscape gardener .
he asked gas station attendants , boogie board renters , apparent drug dealers , even landscape gardeners .
` ` landscape gardening ?
` ` so are there many irrational phobic landscape gardeners at quantico ?
i thought about landscape gardening , but i wanted a challenge , not something that would take me a second and a half to master . ''
you 're the one studied landscape gardening in school . ''
` ` that 's what happens when you 're a psychologist who studied landscape gardening in school . ''
tanner walked over to the painting of a landscape on the wall , reached behind it , and pressed a concealed button .
fake windows and alcoves adorned with faraway landscape paintings and special lighting created an outdoor effect .
everything you ' ve told me terrifiesme not fact a and fact b. or who 's conspiring withwhom ; i ' m a landscape painter ; i ca n't deal withsuch things .
bad reproductions of famous landscape paintings hung on the walls .
fortunately , she couldn '' t read , and since she '' d fixed in her mind the ideah that the lodger was some sort of genius and therefore might have something she could sell , she called in a neighbour , a miss adelina happily , hwho painted watercolours , and miss happily called in a friend hwho framed pictures , who hurriedly summoned ephraim dowster , the noted landscape artist .
a landscape painting of the hospital and garden are replaced with a photograph of monument valley .
they ranged from enormous madame svobodnik , whose flesh was more landscape than figure , to pixie eliska with her wasp waist , the favorite of the male students .
they 're going to landscape and everything .
` ` so before i knew it i 'd agreed to go to uni , '' he continues , ` ` but i told him if i was going i was doing a degree in landscape design .
my landscape job 's right there . ''
in landscape painting , the skies are contributing factors to the ' mood ' of the environment .
dad always says he was the father of british landscape art . ''
he 's considered the father of british landscape art . ''
` ` so it was said thomas wilson was the first landscape artist ever produced by welsh and also the first that painted his county in recognition of the aesthetic beauty .
he was also the first british artist that concentrated on landscape painting ; his works influenced constable not only in the field of landscape art , but also the style . ''
he was also the first british artist that concentrated on landscape painting ; his works influenced constable not only in the field of landscape art , but also the style . ''
the flower vases bear some subtle landscape paintings typical of ancient chinese art , exquisite .
illegals fill hotel domestic , landscape and harvesting jobs beneath american workers .
thorn did nt have much in the way of decoration , although he did have a liking for landscape paintings , of which he had two hanging in his main room , and a short bookcase in his bedroom which housed the dog - eared adventure stories of orren oakes .
linda had two heavy landscape books with her .
the fireplace was large and wide , the mantelpiece supporting landscape images .
` ` i still think i 'd like to do landscape work if i had the money to get the equipment . ''
david buys tom and bob the equipment they need to start their landscape business which does very well .
music , landscape gardening , architecture - there was no start to his talents .
and a bright impressionistic landscape of a walled rose garden hung on the wall .
most of them were portraits of people , but there were several landscape paintings mixed in .
in the entire history of the world has any man , anywhere , honestly cared about an embroidered landscape picture ?
she studied architecture and landscape architecture , earning degrees in both .
a couple of lloronas grim and desolate landscape paintings hung on the wall opposite the front doorway .
some traditionalist teachers resent and reject this change as a bad idea gone wrong ; a bit like the advice of hitlers art teacher to drop the landscape painting and take up national politics .
i spot ged and julian sat at the far end of the pub beneath a painting of the new brighton waterfront , a genuine constable apparently ... though not the classic english landscape artist .
we did some research , and its clear this was one of several landscape paintings van gogh did in the last years of his life .
on the wall behind him were two landscape watercolors by alison .
this room had beautiful antique furniture , and several old landscape paintings graced the walls .
` ` somehow , just by having someone like shannon in his life , ken is now a post - medieval enviro - cosmic landscape sculptor .
she was studying landscape architecture , and he was five years older , working on a law degree .
calls himself a landscape architect ; has nt worked in a dogs age .
perhaps he could just do some landscape drawing instead .
she also studied art history and continued to improve on the fundamentals , media and technique : painting , watercolor , drawing , figure , still - life , landscape , composition , perspectiveanything as long as it did nt involve computers .
in melody , yaeko had found a quiet harbor , a second being , a vital , even essential , piece of herself : a girl who seemed both sunshine and landscape , a girl without fame or fortune or richesand yet one who in some baffling way seemed just as extraordinary as the infinite pier she thought of every day .
i think you will be good at landscapes .
alejandro rios watched impatiently as the ornately framed , antique landscape painting rotated slowly off his office wall .
her mother was a landscape architect .
the faded wallpaper was clean and uncreased , and competent , if unimaginative , landscape paintings dotted it .
he s the head landscape artist here .
also , your friend sand long time boarders , timothy , timothy had a ph.d . in physics who worked for himself and anthony , a landscape architect , who was employed by a large general contracting firm , will all have to move .
focus on the landscape print hanging on the wall .
on the walls hung landscape paintings .
i think his work is kitsch , but he 's rather well known as a landscape painter .
the kind of scene you see in landscape photos and paintings .
` ` i found this field the other day when i was driving back from practice , searching for something that you could draw because i know you ' ve been wanting to do a meaningful landscape drawing .
1 own a landscape design business .
why could n't he have been a landscape painter ?
quietly , as he watched her run her talented hands over an ancient statue at his favorite wholesale landscape store , another puzzle piece slipped into place .
her landscape photos and wildlife pictures had grown in demand , even though she was known for shooting extreme weather .
i already made an appointment with a landscape company .
nah , i went to art school before i studied landscape but it was nt what i wanted to do with my life .
following a degree in biology , she studied post - grad in landscape architecture before producing two beautiful babies ; both of whom are now well on their way to being grown - ups .
she took a long sip of herb tea and looked at the western landscape paintings on the wall .
rich tuscan landscape paintings and tapestries hung on the walls , and simple arrangements of fresh flowers rested on low tables .
you might ' ve heard of him - hugh sullivan , a landscape painter .
` ` hugh sullivan , the landscape painter . ''
her husband had been a well - known landscape artist .
there were landscape sketches hung on it , and maps on it , but as he looked more closely , not sketches or maps of any place he knew .
though celia was n't wel known , she was one of the best landscape painters lana had ever seen , and that had been when celia was stil in high school .
at this rate we should probably switch to landscape work . ''
she sat on her hands to keep them to herself and looked at a boring landscape painting on the far wall of the little house .
` ` if she 's still on landscape duty , we 'll be able to get away with it .
they walked down a long corridor that had been tastefully decorated with occasional landscape paintings done in bright and cheerful colors .
either lucas was n't a struggling landscape worker anymore or he 'd come into some serious money .
four black - and - white landscape photographs formed a grouping above the bed .