when they drove up at patrick 's , megan did a double take at the sight of an inflatable bouncy castle out on the lawn .
i got a lawn room ! ''
there are only fifty - four lawn rooms at the university of virginia , where i ' m just finishing my junior year .
the lawn rooms have almost no trappings of the modern world , so in the winter all you have to keep yourself warm is your own personal fireplace .
and i promised myself that if i got my lawn room , i 'd go to a party .
` ` i ca n't believe you got a lawn room !
you got a lawn room ?
i ca n't let myself slip just because i got a lawn room , but the events of last night are distracting me and studying right now is nearly impossible .
i start to feel a little calmer when i reach the lawn and see the rotunda 's white dome in front of me .
as wonderful as i know getting a lawn room is , it 's not everything .
` ` well , i got a lawn room , '' i reveal .
` ` i was selected for a lawn room , too , '' pierce says , interrupting him and turning to me .
` ` and i thought you were going to get a lawn room , '' his dad replies , keeping his voice light .
i recognize nate 's head as he walks up from the lower lawn to the pool , a lacrosse stick tucked over his shoulder .
i force myself to look down at my sandwich as he walks across to a lawn chair and lies down .
i circle around the swimming pool on the first level of the backyard , and then down to a grassy lawn with a lacrosse goal set up on one end .
as i walk across the lower lawn , i look up and see my mom and pierce 's bedroom light go off .
he was even waitlisted for a lawn room . ''
i call out , before spotting her outside on the back lawn , talking on the phone as the sun sets behind her .
` ` you know , '' i go on , a bit more bravely , ` ` i heard that only one varsity athlete got a lawn room , because sports are such a time commitment , much less a two - sport athlete- '' ` ` do n't do that , '' he grunts .
i walk down to the lower lawn and down the steps .
i pause , admiring his form , then decide it 's best to just go back up to the lawn before he notices me .
as i walk across the lawn , i can see that the first guests are beginning to arrive .
i grab another drink as the twilight turns into night and people begin heading down to the lower lawn to get a better view of the fireworks .
my eye catches on a flash of white on the lower lawn : nate sitting on the top step of the stairs leading down to the rocky shore .
chapter twenty - eight i close the door behind me and dump my newly - purchased textbooks on my thin mattress , then straighten up to survey my lawn room .
i open my door to the lawn , smiling halfheartedly at another female student a few doors down as she exits her room at the same time .
one time , he just needed a lawn mower engine .
an hour after leaving nik , tabitha was running happily back across the lawn , sure that the conversation with her father was finished and she 'd be able to throw herself into his arms and experience the blissful feelings only he could show her .
both wedding and reception would occur at the ranch , on the wide front lawn with a backdrop of the mountains .
for the moment autumn stood alone on the front porch , but she knew by breakfast time the front lawn would be bustling with workers setting up rows of seats , the latticed archway for the ceremony , and tables for the dinner afterward .
he grabbed an armful of chairs , too , and followed ethan toward the front lawn of the cruz ranch 's big house - where he was helping to set up for ethan 's wedding to autumn leeds , the city girl who 'd only come to chance creek a month ago , but now was here to stay .
` ` you know , if i was going to plant something in claire , it would n't be ... '' jamie dropped his chairs on the lawn and turned on rob , his fist raised , but cab stepped in between them .
he pointed across the lawn .
* * * * * claire cruz was counting the circular tables set up on the lawn of the cruz ranch big house , but there was only one number that stuck in her mind .
one , two , three ... ` ` forty - five , eight , one hundred and nine , '' jamie lassiter said , coming across the lawn toward her .
clapping from across the lawn alerted her that ethan , rob and cab had witnessed this whole debacle - hell , they were in on it , too , were n't they ?
she turned to ethan and the rest of them lined up on the far side of the lawn .
the bulk of the crowd meandered slowly toward the area of the lawn where tables and chairs were set up for dinner , stopping to chat with each other and exchange news .
just as she walked out of the front door , a cheer went up from the crowd as the happy couple rejoined them on the lawn , and people rushed to offer their congratulations .
when ethan kissed his bride , it was all he could do not to stride across the lawn , pull claire close and kiss her just as long and hard .
she wanted to climb on top of one of the flimsy rental tables and shout to everyone that the engagement was a fake , but instead she allowed jamie to take her hand and lead her back up the lawn to the porch , where a sturdy swing hung in the shade .
i happen to know the lawn will be free that day . ''
as dusk set in , the cruz lawn was lit by fairy lights and the band began to throw in some slow songs among all the popular dance tunes .
he nodded at friends and acquaintances as he dragged claire across the lawn , around the back of the house and toward the stables .
as she dashed across the lawn she felt her pocket .
jamie took off like a shot , raced across the lawn and pounded up the three concrete steps to the front door .
you want the land i told you about , you 'll get married right here on our lawn . ''
as the processional music swelled , she stepped to the doorway and out onto the front lawn of the big house .
their path was strewn with rose petals and as she made her way between the rows of chairs set up on the lawn for the guests , morgan heard the gasp from the assembled friends and relatives that signified they 'd caught sight of claire for the first time .
* * * * * ` ` i have n't forgotten , you know , '' claire said several hours later , when darkness had fallen and couples swayed to the music on the lawn lit by fairy lights and candles on the tables .
all around him , couples swayed together on the lawn , or stole kisses from each other , and the whole atmosphere seemed charged with lust and possibilities .
confused , morgan followed her out of the car , then gasped aloud when she saw the lawn ahead of her , filled with guests seated in white folding chairs .
at the end of the lawn stood a white arbor decked with flowers .
carl 's mansion sat back from the road at the end of a winding driveway that first passed through a fringe of trees at the perimeter of the property , then swept through a grassy lawn .
she spun around to find cab crossing the lawn toward her .
as they dashed across the lawn , around the house , and toward the woods out back , he had to trace a more difficult path , sticking to the shadows as much as possible , keeping far away from the house 's floodlights .
on the other hand , she 'd attended the weddings of the other couples around this table , and she wanted what they had - an outdoor ceremony and celebration on the wide lawn of the ranch that she loved .
the photographs showed a beautiful mansion surrounded by green lawns that flowed down to a beach and the ocean .
the houses closer to a hundred and fifty thousand dollars were somewhat better , but they were n't in the best parts of town and most of them had postage stamp lawns .
just a lot of eating and games - volleyball , badminton , lawn darts .
jason demanded , his long strides carrying him quickly across the vast expanse of the back lawn .
she spotted him on the lawn by the pool and headed in that direction , her mind thinking of the one man she should n't think about .
we looked around and saw the neighbor 's party was spilling out onto the lawn .
~garrett~ sweat poured down my bare back as i wiped my brow and pushed my parents ' lawn mower back into the shed .
correction - my mother 's lawn mower .
my dad had always been the one to take care of the immaculate lawn .
it had perfectly landscaped lawns and flower beds , a beautiful brick exterior , and a white picket fence .
i bent down , pulled my new friend out , and firmly planted him into the lawn .
his car door flew open , and i watched him bounce down the lawn toward the front door .
the lawn was a vibrant green and well kept .
turning onto our street , i parked in front of my manicured green lawn , trying to stop myself from smiling when i noticed the way jackson had taken extra time to mow diagonally rather than straight across because he knew i liked it .
` ` but i will be pretty dumb looking when my clothes start to melt off , and you have to explain why a half - naked kid is running around the lawn . ''
i 'd run across the lawns separating our houses , back to my own house , and i had n't been back since .
she leaned out of the window to get a better view of the south lawn .
it would be a garden wedding right on the lawn where she used to play with her mother .
she soon settled into her old routine with kylie , reviewing letters and numbers and reading stories in the morning then spending the afternoons at play on the lawn , swimming in the pool or working in the garden .
they had been playing tag on the lawn for a while when celine put a hand on kylie 's shoulder and stopped her .
then , cradling it to her chest , she headed back to the lawn .
they drove up to a grand mansion of white and gold set in the middle of rolling green lawns and the ocean in the background .
rock knew he was being extreme , acting desperate by behaving like this , but he 'd already made up his mind that he was going to camp out on the front lawn , if necessary .
melanie dragged the word , looking even more uncertain , but she got up from where she was kneeling on the rug in the kitchen , crossed the patio and went out onto the lawn where thierry was peering up into the leaves .
despite the rough start , as sloane had predicted , d'jean grew more relaxed around melanie with each passing minute and within the hour they were playing ball out on the lawn .
she hoped it was n't one of those awful door - to - door salesmen pushing carpet cleaning services or lawn care .
first , his stupid robotic lawn mower smashed up her hedge when he 'd been landscaping .
` ` just do n't come pissing your anger all over my lawn .
after that they could rest at the picnic tables scattered across the lawn .
they 'd almost loaded all the children onto the bus when hans , who brought up the rear , turned and spied a puppy who had pulled loose from his leash and was tearing across the grassy lawn , barking madly .
barbara , like the good friend she 'd been over the years , sat there listening , not interrupting , just letting her spill her regretful thoughts all over the garden lawn .
tony glanced around at the bright streetlights , the well manicured lawns , and nice cars sitting in driveways .
a faint scent of lavender floated on the air from two large pots at the top of the concrete stairs leading down to the lawn .
the formal italian garden , with its topiary and manicured lawns , was beautiful .
she could have told him that he was succeeding , but as they walked along the tree - lined paths , arielle 's attention was claimed by the acres of perfectly kept lawns and immaculate beds of brightly colored flowers .
clearly , the wainwrights had spared no expense in transforming their lawn into a very elegant cocktail party .
lost in thought , she had n't realized that jake had ended his conversation with the bank president and crossed the lawn to join her and the man 's mother .
by the time she hit the middle of the lawn , the roofer was driving away in his truck .
out of concern , he walked across the lawn to the street .
they 'd come to an abrupt halt at the edge of the gardens where the lush green lawns gave way to terracotta tiles surrounding a vast swimming pool .
now every sense went on alert as he strolled across the vast green lawn .
zach raced across the expanse of lawns , ignoring the growling dog .
` ` i thought we could ... '' but dani was already hurrying across the lawn .
he could see dani at the edge of the lawns , the two dobermans sitting in front of her , heads cocked to one side as though listening .
he carried her across the lawn to the house .
and it would have nothing to do with the heat that was slowly dissipating from the earth as the sun went down over the horizon and everything to do with the way he touched her , the way he used his whole body to make love to her right here on the side lawn of her friend 's house .
they did n't have any personality and this house was too full of personality for it to be lacking on the lawn .
he said if i wanted to build a fort that i needed to save up my money from mowing lawns and purchase it at the hardware store . ''
my mother and father were creative about their punishments so i was crawling around the attic and cleaning out spiders , emptying the entire shed and putting everything back in a more organized way , mowing our lawn , edging the fence line and it was a big yard with a long fence , mind you ... '' julianna was already laughing even while she shuddered at the thought of cleaning out spiders in an attic .
they put me on one of the lawn chairs in the back yard , then left as fast as they could , not wanting to be around when my parents found me like that . ''
my mother and father came outside after that phone call , looked down at me in the lawn chair and realized that neither one of my legs looked quite right , which is when they went into uber - parent action .
it did n't help that the early summer heat was beating down on her and she looked across the expanse of the lawn to the pool .
antonia was in the kitchen with the rest of the women instead of on the lawn or patio playing with her aunts ' kids or talking with her brothers .
they were moving down the steps from the patio to the lawn , thankfully out of hearing from her brothers .
a long driveway , lined by stately oak trees led the way to the house which opened to a beautiful lawn complete with rose bushes just starting to spread their leaves and bloom , a myriad of daffodils with their bright , shining yellow faces reaching for the last rays of the sunshine .
she was halfway across the lawn when she saw him and her whole body froze .
she watched in astonishment as her father crossed the lawn and shook gus 's hand .
she stole a glance at gus from across the lawn .
she was on the pool side of the lawn , intending to stay as far away from her father and gus attracelli as possible .
the smell of freshly cut lawn , coconut , and sea breezes drifted to him .
colleen 's gaze slid across to the other side of the wide , manicured lawn , where the foundation of a house had already been laid .
trees lined the street , spreading thick shade across neatly cropped lawns .
there was a wide front lawn , and when she stepped out of the car in the driveway , she heard the sound of the ocean and knew the big house must be right on the sea .
she looked up and watched as nick ran down the front lawn to her .
the stone patio gave way to a rolling lawn edged with trees and flowers that looked as she imagined an english cottage garden would .
beyond the lawn was a low - lying fence with a gate that led to steps that would take the lucky people who lived here right down to the beach .
hunter stood up , moved away from the desk and walked to the wide window that overlooked the acre of tidy green lawn and perfect flower beds .
hunter took a breath , opened his eyes and stared out at the broad expanse of lawn and garden .
dad got up , guiding me outside , out in our lawn , holding my hand as he looked up again , studying the sky .
even though he could pay someone else to take care of his property , he liked the mindless escape of hopping on his mower and trimming his four acre lawn on sundays .
so trey mowed his own lawn .
the scent of freshly mowed lawn filled her nose .
the jazz tune ended and claps rose up from the audience spread out across the lawn .
he led me inside the shop where there were a couple lawn chairs and a tv playing seinfeld reruns .
it sat on a deep green lawn elevated on all sides like a pyramid .
across the street , a woman smoking in her plastic lawn chair stared at us , the cigarette burning in her fingertips .
it was gatsby - level big , with a manicured lawn and flowers that looked like they were changed once a month .
get off of my lawn . ''
i was almost sorry to see the paparazzi dwindle from my lawn .
remembering that i was supposed to be will 's ` ` girlfriend , '' i took his hand and tried not to look at the cameras following us across the neatly trimmed lawn .
donnie had it constructed on the south lawn , at genie 's suggestion , and he had to agree with her idea to cater to newlyweds and those celebrating milestones such as anniversaries , graduations , and other lifetime events .
four windswept benches were centered on each side of the perimeter , four shrubs and the lawn they cornered were manicured , and various vines had spread across the trees behind the hedged borders .
camille stared out the window at the unfolding scene on the lawn .
outside on the rain - drenched lawn , they stepped in a mud puddle .
she glared at him for a moment , like she had something else to say , but instead , picked up the hem of her dress and trotted across the lawn toward the house .
` ` denise says , '' he said of the realtor , ` ` there 's a terrace just beyond the lawn on the way down to the beach .
trees , shrubs and flowers complemented a well - manicured lawn .
chapter five lecie and deidra had dragged a couple of lawn chairs out to the hillside patio beyond the back lawn .
chapter five lecie and deidra had dragged a couple of lawn chairs out to the hillside patio beyond the back lawn .
they 'd pushed the patio furniture aside , as the lawn chairs were better suited to sunbathing - the girls ' current activity .
house after house and their well - manicured lawns streamed by .
in the back yard of lecie 's california home , she could see in her peripheral vision , her close friends and family sitting at elaborately decorated tables on the freshly manicured lawn .
this must be it , emily kept thinking , observing the preparations for a special dinner being set up on the perfectly manicured and very green lawn , which ran smoothly from the long line of white buildings comprising the hotel , right to the edge of the water .
everything from last night 's dinner and entertainment had been cleared away , leaving nothing but pristine green lawn and the magnificent shade trees .
it was teamed with a pin - tucked , high - collared blouse in fine white lawn .
landscaped gardens close in , and expanses of lawn rolling down the hill with lovely stands of native gum trees and a huge lake - like dam to add interest .
they landed on the lawn near the tennis court .
the verandah above the slope of lawn was crowded with company people and a smattering of japanese , all enjoying a pre - luncheon drink while they waited for the big guns to lead proceedings .
he automatically took tessa 's arm to walk her down the slope of lawn .
it was a well - presented home with neat lawns and gardens , comfortable and solidly middle class .
it was an old but solid red brick federation - style home with a neat front lawn and garden - typical of the whole street - yet with no light on anywhere , its old - fashioned respectability felt forbidding .
three sides of it were virtually walls of glass ; the end wall looking directly out on a white sand beach and a clear turquoise sea , the side walls giving a view of green lawns , palm trees and tropical gardens .
' going to need quite a few staff to maintain all this for you , ' he observed , gesturing to the grounds which had been terraced down to the foreshore ; beautifully manicured lawns and perfectly planned gardens sweeping out from the patio , a swimming pool surrounded by a colonnaded pavilion on a lower level , a tennis court below that , and finally a boatshed and wharf .
red and white candy - striped umbrellas shaded the tables set out on the back lawn for afternoon tea .
it bisected perfectly manicured green lawns .
a flight of stone steps led down to the playground terrace - lush green lawn edged by a thickly grown hedge .
a few paces behind him stood the unmistakable figure of max hart , his back turned to her , his head slightly bent as though he was studying the lawn .
max grabbed the back of his shirt collar and dragged him outside , dropping him on the lawn before quickly returning to the living room to see how luther was .
he grabbed tony 's collar again and the waistband of his trousers , lifted him onto his feet , and began frog - marching him across the lawn to the steps leading to the bottom terrace .
so was the garden and lawn .
to her left , bradfield park offered the peaceful green of newly mown lawns , invitingly shadowed by the great coat - hanger bridge that dominated the skyline , feeding the city with an endless stream of commuter traffic .
the curved shoreline had a welcoming stretch of clean sand , edged by manicured lawns , beautiful trees and walkways .
twenty minutes later , luc turned the red alfa through a huge iron gateway and headed up a semicircular drive , past perfectly manicured lawns and gardens to an incredibly large and imposing sandstone mansion .
real class , serena fleming decided appreciatively , driving the van past perfectly manicured lawns to the architect designed house owned by one of her sister 's clients , angelina gifford .
serena rolled her eyes , thinking she should have walked cleo on the lawn before ringing the doorbell .
take her for a walk on the lawn .
if cleo had n't come to the rescue , she and nic could have been tearing each other 's clothes off and coupling on the lawn .
chapter six nic let the damned dog take him for a walk around the lawn .
in the centre of the manicured lawn was a magnolia tree , laden with its purple and pink flowers , the grass around it strewn with fallen petals .
they alighted from the plane and walked across the runway to a white picket fence that enclosed a beautifully mown green lawn with park benches for people to sit on while waiting for flights , and a house that was apparently the airport terminal .
as soon as her bag was checked in and he 'd collected their boarding passes , she moved out to the front lawn , settling on a bench seat to wait for the plane to come in .
a fountain of dolphins was centred on the front lawn and a hedge of glorious pink and cream hawaiian hibiscus lined the driveway .
the gardener had trimmed the lawn .
there were no gardens , just green lawn and trees along the side fence - line , giving the setting a wonderful simplicity that highlighted the splendid grace of the house .
the next half an hour was spent escorting her around the grounds where a swimming pool was replacing the croquet lawn and the old lawn tennis court on the lower terrace was being given an all - weather surface which did n't require constant maintenance .
the next half an hour was spent escorting her around the grounds where a swimming pool was replacing the croquet lawn and the old lawn tennis court on the lower terrace was being given an all - weather surface which did n't require constant maintenance .
theo cried , delighted at recognising the animal standing on a side lawn .
she is dressed as if she is going to a lawn party .
eleven the fine guests have been herded to the lawn where they are sipping vintage pink bubbly , nibbling on canapes on the lawn while waiting to be called into the marquee by the ushers .
eleven the fine guests have been herded to the lawn where they are sipping vintage pink bubbly , nibbling on canapes on the lawn while waiting to be called into the marquee by the ushers .
' did they not have fantastic lawn parties full of beautifully dressed people then ? '
he glanced from his brothers to the wide front windows overlooking a stretch of neatly tended lawn and garden that stretched for almost a quarter of a mile before feeding into the road .
the glass gleamed in the morning light and provided a sweeping view of the neatly trimmed lawn ringed by ancient oak trees .
there were floor - to - ceiling bookshelves on two of the walls and a bank of windows displaying the wide lawn at the front of the house .
standing up again , he turned , looked out the wide window behind him at the sweep of lawn leading to the main road .
a tablecloth lifted lazily into the wind and a napkin skipped across the lawn , tossed by a breeze that rifled the leaves of the bushes where they stood .
casey sat in a lawn chair on the front yard beside dani , the two of them watching the kids roll around on a quilt spread beneath the jacaranda tree .
` ` ah ... '' a cool wind kicked up , scattering twigs and lacy leaves across the lawn .
casey 's mouth was dry , just watching him walk across the lawn , so she nodded .
she was holding baby lydia , jiggling her on her hip and watching as her son mikey carefully held emma king 's tiny hand and helped her walk across the crowded lawn .
with the women in charge , casey sprinted across the lawn toward the back door of the big house .
the tidy flowerbeds , the small patch of lawn , the bright red front door all called to him , made him remember days and nights with her .
she threw the deed over his head and watched it flutter in the wind until it landed on her lawn .
he swiped his wet hair out of his eyes and headed directly across the lawn toward her bedroom .
ancient trees spread shade across most of the lawn , flowers in the neatly tended beds dipped and swayed with the ocean wind and from a distance came the muffled roar of the ranch tractor moving across the feed grain fields .
she was small enough that he could toss her over one shoulder and have her across the porch , down the steps and onto the lawn in a few seconds .
she swung it wide and stepped onto the neatly tended lawn surrounding the bounce house .
` ` that 's probably the dog that 's been leaving his calling card on my lawn , '' he muttered .
it sat on a tree - lined street in long beach , behind a wide , neatly tended lawn .
pickup trucks belonging to steve , arturo and rafe were also parked on her lawn and the piles of her discarded kitchen were getting bigger .
rafe led her out of the kitchen , down the back steps and across the lawn .
there was an older model , red suv parked dead center and a few lawn and garden tools stacked along the last wall .
a deep voice splintered her thoughts and she looked up to see a bald , burly man with a full red beard standing in the middle of the lawn .
she gave a quick look to the now - moaning man on the lawn .
fire hoses were stretched across the lawn , now muddy from too much water and too many feet .
firemen were still moving around her lawn , rolling up hoses , talking , laughing together .
solar lights made circles of gold on the neatly tended lawn .
she bent to pick up her sandals and then followed him from the beach and across the manicured lawn to the driveway in front of his home .
penny sighed and grabbed riley before the baby could crawl off the quilt spread on the lawn in the backyard .
i also do laundry and mow lawns .
she sighed , sat on the arm of the couch and frowned when she heard the roar of a lawn mower starting up .
staring through her front window , she saw a gardening crew working on her lawn .
jericho muttered as the woman straightened up , turned and spotted him and sam standing on the wide , front lawn .
she clutched an oversize purse to her chest as she stepped onto the lawn and headed toward them .
the dog stayed on him though , even as jericho neared the fallen brunette , who was already pushing herself up off the lawn .
i never heard from you , so ... '' ` ` it 's taken me a while to come to terms with brant 's death , '' she admitted , then sent a quick glance around her , checking out the property and sam , still standing on the lawn watching them .
scowling , she jerked her leg and said , ` ` my heels sank into the lawn . ''
hell , you could n't take a few steps across the lawn without falling on your face . ''
now , she was standing on the lawn , staring back at the house and realizing that in the pearly morning light , jericho king 's log and glass mansion looked almost like a fairy - tale castle .
as if the thought of her had conjured the dog from thin air , nikki barreled across the lawn , charging jericho with a ferocity belying her size .
nikki was right on her heels as she moved across the lawn and jericho was just a step behind the dog .
as they came to the edge of the lawn , the rising sun began to clear the treetops , spilling what looked like gold dust across the tips of the pines .
hot enough that i ' ve been on edge since she fell onto the lawn practically at my feet . ''
no , that urge had been with him since the moment she 'd first stepped out of her car to sprawl across his lawn .
` ` idiot , '' he muttered darkly and tossed a folding lawn chair into the bed of the truck .
as the gilbert chaise bore inexorably down on the stone estate , a small knot of young people were waiting on the south lawn , impatiently looking toward the stable one hundred yards away .
she hurried across the lawn and along the whitewashed fence adjoining the stable .
she drew a long breath , then expelled it slowly as she glanced out the small window at the group waiting on the lawn .
gasps of outrage and derisive sniggers greeted whitney 's appearance on the lawn when she led the horse toward the spectators .
at the window of the second floor drawing room overlooking the south lawn , martin stone stared down at his performing daughter .
below on the lawn there stood a group of young people watching a slender boy balancing beautifully on a cantering horse .
she breathed , opening her parasol and striking out across the lawn .
whirling around , she hurried across the lawn , entering the ballroom on the opposite side .
afterward , they strolled across the lawn to the edge of the woods .
the reason for my hilarity occurred later , while everyone was enjoying a light luncheon out on the lawn .
unfortunately , the prize vanished , and a rumor was circulated that it had been hidden up in the largest tree on the lawn . ''
leaning his shoulder against the frame , he gazed at workmen constructing a small rustic pavillion at the far end of the lawn near the woods .
clayton was standing with his back partially to her , impatiently slapping his tan gloves against his muscular thigh , while be gazed out the windows overlooking the front lawns .
outside , they crossed the drive and walked across the sloping front lawn toward the pond in the center .
` ` because i bought it , '' clayton said , indicating that she should walk with him toward the newly erected pavilion at the far end of the front lawn .
she looked incredibly beautiful in that dusky pink gown , framed by the wide sweep of emerald lawns behind hen a single , breathtaking rose blooming in a garden of green .
` ` it 's always been so lovely here , '' her grace sighed , letting her gaze roam appreciatively over the vast estate 's manicured lawns and formal parks which paraded majestically on both sides of the curving , paved road .
they swayed gently along the curving drive bordered with wide sweeping lawns and huge formal parks dotted with leafless trees .
it loomed against a backdrop of clipped lawns , rising to a height of three stories in the center .
sherry looked around at the dizzying array of sumptuous silks and soft batistes , of gossamer chiffon and delicate lawn .
over her shoulder , clayton glanced at her list and muffled a laugh as he read the first item aloud , ` ` ' one small elephant , safe for children to touch- ' ` ` ` ` i was thinking of a circus theme , with clowns and jugglers and such , with all the festivities and meals taking place on the lawn .
in any case , the children and their governesses will be seated at tables next to us - i know that part because i went out onto the lawn for a stroll before i came up here and saw how everything is being set up . ''
satisfied , he grinned at miss charity , offered her his hand , and allowed her to lead him outdoors through the french doors that opened onto the lawns .
51 swans floated gracefully on water as still as a mirror , as sheridan and the two other governesses stood near a graceful white gazebo , watching several children who lived on the estate playing happily with small , fledgling ducks on the bank of a small lake on the front lawn .
the agonizing answer to that question was below her bedchamber window - on the side lawn , where everyone was having luncheon - and it was there for her to see in every humiliating detail : the man she had lain with last night was dining with monica , who was turning herself inside out to entertain him , and he looked perfectly willing to be entertained this morning .
outside , they strolled across the front lawn and wandered down the drive .
protected from interlopers and sight - seers by a tall iron fence and a guard at the gatehouse , the glenmoor country club sprawled across acres of majestic lawns dotted with flowering shrubs and flower beds .
` ` there , you see , '' she announced gaily as they finally left the noise and music behind and walked out the front doors , strolling across the lawn .
standing beneath an ancient elm on the lawn , oblivious to the rough bark against her bare back , meredith listened to him , completely entranced .
she thought about other things too , like the pleasure of being with him while they talked on the lawn at glenmoor , and the way he 'd laughed at the things she said .
clad in pajama bottoms that he 'd had to search through his drawers to find , he stood at the window , looking out at the moonlit lawn .
tracy suggested with a lame attempt at humor , and motioned to the van parked beneath the cypress trees on the west lawn of the farrell estate .
on the east lawn , his helicopter was already waiting to take him to the airport , where the lear he 'd bought was ready to take off for chicago .
at the perimeter of the lawn beneath a stand of oak trees , trailers reserved for the main cast members were drawn into a large semicircle , their blinds closed , their air conditioners laboring in the battle against the relentless july heat .
belatedly realizing that no one had heard his order to move the cattle , he looked around for the assistant director and saw him standing on the lawn , his hands on his hips and his head tipped back , watching one of the helicopters lift off for a routine run to the dallas lab where each day 's film was taken for processing .
nodding toward the cluster of oak trees at the edge of the lawn , he added , ` ` i 'll be over there if you need me . ''
they were married in the graceful gazebo on the lawn of zack 's carmel estate four months later , while a thousand invited guests , including several governors and senators , looked on .
also present , although uninvited , were dozens of helicopters that hovered overhead , their blades creating cyclones on the lawn that whipped up women 's gowns and dislodged toupees , while the reporters who occupied the choppers aimed cameras at the festivities below .
squad cars and ambulances were parked all over the lawn and driveway , their eerie red and blue emergency lights whirling frantically in the still , humid night .
at the top of the hill as she made the last turn , the drive widened and swept in a wide arc through manicured lawns and giant trees , barren now in winter .
` ` here , let me walk you back to your house , '' she added , putting her hand beneath miss flossie 's elbow and walking her slowly across the lawn that separated their houses .
on the other side of the glass , a lush expanse of green lawn sloped down to an enormous curving swimming pool with graceful roman columns and marble statues .
the remaining three hundred guests would return tonight for the second night of festivities , and the caterers were already setting up beneath a white tent on the east edge of the lawn .
on his lawn , most of them available to him at the crook of a finger , were some of the most beautiful women in the world .
before he could object , which he looked to be on the verge of doing , meredith slid open the patio doors and headed across the back lawn .
a half mile from the downtown district , the cab pulled to a stop in front of a neat one - story house with an immaculate lawn and big shade trees , and zack felt his heart began to beat in nervous anticipation as he dug in his pocket for money .
behind her , the farmers went to the back of the wagon to remove her bulky trunk , but as they let down the back gate , two squealing piglets hurtled out of the wagon into empty air , hit the ground with a thud , and streaked off across the lawns .
she walked across the front lawns , then shifted direction and went around the side of the house , intending to visit the stables to see the horses .
victoria walked along , admiring the splendid vista of rolling , clipped lawns and lavish gardens on her left , when a sudden movement a few yards away on her right made her stop short and stare .
victoria spent the better part of an hour sitting on a blanket on the bank of the creek that carved a picturesque path through the sweeping front lawns .
both men broke into a run , racing at an angle across the lawn toward the distant bridge .
tucking her hand affectionately in the crook of his arm , he started across the lawns toward the other couple .
he had transformed the lawns of wakefield into a fairy - tale bower of flowers .
the pavilion at the far end of the lawns was covered in flowers and strung with gaily colored lamps .
except that now his beautifully tailored black evening jacket was carelessly slung over his left shoulder , his neckcloth was untied and hanging loose , and his white lawn shirt was open at the throat .
instead of working at his desk where she expected him to be , jason was standing at the window , his shoulder propped against the frame , his expression bleak as he gazed out across the terraced lawns at the side of the house .
as if he was incredibly weary , jason ran his hand across the back of his neck massaging the tense muscles as he stood staring out across the lawns .
` ` oh , but i do care , '' he said in a silky voice , stripping off his jacket with slow deliberation and beginning to unbutton his white lawn shirt .
victoria bit her lip , staring out of the window at the manicured lawns stretching out before her , and said nothing .
frowning slightly , she studied the darkly handsome youth of eighteen who was standing at the window of his bedchamber , his shoulder propped against the window frame , looking out across the back lawns , where a party in honor of his mother 's birthday was in progress .
mild cynicism marred the youthful handsomeness of his lean features as jordan watched his mother and her newest lover cross the lawns and saunter into the arbor .
while she dressed , jordan turned back to the windows and gazed dispassionately at the elegant guests who had gathered on the lawns at hawthorne to celebrate his mother 's birthday .
jordan scarcely heard her , his sweeping glance was registering the overgrown lawns surrounding the house , the broken shutters hanging askew at the windows , and all the other signs of a house that was sadly in need of repair .
she 'd expected a duke 's grandmother to occupy a grand home , but nothing in her imagination or experience had prepared her for the sight of this gigantic , brooding place set amid acres of gardens and lawns .
the silence scraped against her raw nerves as he stared rigidly out across the lawns , his profile harsh , forbidding .
sitting beside the duchess , alexandra gazed out the windows as the coach swept down a smooth , curving drive that wound decorously through acres and acres of immaculately clipped green velvet lawns .
when she had finally finished answering all of lady townsende 's worried questions about his health , tony stood up and invited alexandra to accompany him for a stroll about the lawns .
he asked as they walked across the small , neatly kept front lawn toward the gardens off to the right .
covering her hand with his , jordan strolled with her across the front lawns to the pavilion at the far edge of the lake .
he 'd taken off his jacket , and beneath his soft lawn shirt his muscles flexed as he withdrew his right hand and shoved it through the side of his hair .
the first time he 'd been standing alone on the terrace , a cheroot clamped between his teeth , staring out across the lawns , and his solitary stance , made her heart ache because he seemed lonely somehow .
elizabeth chose the least flamboyant - a high - waisted white lawn gown with a wide band of pink roses and green leaves embroidered at the hem and at the fitted cuffs of its full , billowy sleeves .
mortar was missing from the portals , he noticed absently , and as the carriage swayed down the drive he realized that the paving was in need of repair , and the stately old trees dotting the lawns were badly in need of pruning .
elizabeth gave him a grand tour of the old house that was saved from being boring by her charming stories about some of its former owners ; then she took him outside to the front lawn .
nodding to the far edge of the lawn , she said , ` ` over there was the castle wall and the moat , which was filled , of course , centuries ago .
he glanced at the spot on the lawn she 'd mentioned and said instead , ` ` how did he happen to falloff his horse in his own bailey ? ''
ian teased as they headed toward the largest tree on the far edge of the lawn .
` ` you know , '' she told him gently as she led him across the lawn toward the front door , ` ` if you persist in spending heedlessly , you 'll end up just like my papa . ''
standing at the window overlooking the lawn , jordan and alexandra townsende watched the couple heading toward them .
he does n't care what anyone thinks of him or of what he does , '' pausing , jordan glanced meaningfully at the couple who 'd paused to look at a shrubbery on the front lawn .
swans drifted lazily on the mirror surface of a lake on the far end of the lawn , and beside the lake was a grecian - style gazebo with white columns that was so immense a quarter of her own home could have fit inside it the sheer magnitude of the grounds , combined with the precise positioning of every single scenic attribute , made it all seem both overwhelming and utterly breathtaking .
and so we move outside and head across the lawn .
so instead of going back to my room , i head across the lawn toward the tasting room and vineyards .
i ' m across the lawn and at the tasting room in less than five minutes .
i turn and i bolt across the lawn .
dylan stood and walked to the large bay window which provided an excellent view of the perfectly manicured lawn .
manicured lawns stretched out all around her and in the distance she could hear the crash of waves .
as they crossed the large expanse of lawn separating the mansion from the tea house , jake kept up a steady conversation .
fidgeting she tried to think about just dylan and not the hundreds of guests waiting outside on the lawns of cliff house .
arm and arm they walked through the mansion and out onto the sprawling lawns .
he felt the doctor 's eyes on his back as he crossed the front lawn to the edge of the street , but he ignored it .
throwing the truck into park , jake watched as she sprinted across the lawn toward the prone figure on the ground .
from her seat on the lawn she watched as the wedding planner explained what each member of the wedding party needed to do .
with its well - manicured gardens , sprawling lawns and view of the ocean the property around cliff house was just as magnificent as the mansion itself .
she did n't wear them often and they kept sinking into the lawn making it difficult to keep up .
closing the gate behind her , sara crossed the lawn and entered cliff house through a back door .
the south lawn would be gorgeous for an afternoon wedding .
outside family and close friends waited on the south lawn of callie and dylan 's estate in greenwich , connecticut .
only family and close friends sat on the perfectly aligned white chairs on the flawless green lawn .
built in bookcases , which stretched from the floor to the ceiling , filled two of the walls while windows facing the manicured lawns took up the last one .
some floated in the ceramic fountain that was in the center of the lawn .
not even the breathtaking sights of man - engineered beauty of parades of lush palms , immaculate lawns and explosions of flowers and the nature - endowed magic of azure skies and golden sand - seas meeting at the horizon could ameliorate her irritation at having to succumb to this abuse of power .
the lawn was freshly mowed , and there were balloons on the mailbox announcing a birthday party .
i wrung my hand like a disgruntled old woman warning kids to get off her lawn .
he grabbed the jimmy by the shirt and shoved him , making him stumble out the back door and tumble across the backyard lawn .
he walked onto the mostly dirt lawn , away from the road .
i got off the bike and tried to act normal as i walked across the lawn .
we lost ourselves in each other , right there on the lawn in front of jax 's old house , ignoring the revving engines and the insect buzz .
liquid flames sizzled out into the lawn , igniting the dry california grass .
i really think you need to take me- '' bree 's sentence was cut off as she vomited all over the lawn .
` ` excuse me , but the lawn is off limits except for in- '' the woman 's voice broke off .
` ` celia , wait , '' i called across the front lawn .
i stepped back into the darkness both to remain unseen and to be off the pathway in case i puked - i 'd rather do that on the lawn .
it turned out to be a parlor with wide windows overlooking the rear lawn .
i was either more sexually stimulated than i had ever been in my life or the police were parked on his lawn - a realistic possibility , with all the screaming i had been doing .
it was a beautiful , warm , clear day and outside i could see that a huge tent had been set up on the rear lawn .
we got to the window and looked around quickly to make sure nobody was watching , then he helped me climb through , out onto a back porch facing the rear lawn .
stories of them having one another 's cars towed from fancy restaurants under the guise of being repossessed or of them having thousands of pumpkins delivered to each other 's lawns on halloween made the tabloids constantly .
erik , go help your father - in - law before he 's sprawled out in your lawn and we have to call the squad . ''
we took a cab uptown and jackson navigated us to a beautiful area of central park where the rolling lawn was already scattered with plenty of people who had the same idea as us .
i moved all of his stuff to the front lawn by the time he tried to come home from work that night , and had the locks changed . ''
everything else was receding , leaving only the need to drag him on top of her on the lush lawn , open her body to his invasion , writhe beneath him as he thrust her to ecstasy ... . ` ` you might as well stop fighting the inevitable now . ''
beyond that , the grounds were landscaped in mini - dunes and lawns with breathtaking beds of desert plants in the shadow of more palm trees of all shapes .
even the exterior had a minimalist look : vast green lawns and nothing but perfectly trimmed round boxwoods .
while he was there , a group of students and one of the younger teachers walked outside and sat on the lawn not far from where luis was working .
in order to get back to the outbuilding , luis had to either cut across the lawn or walk past the football players in the bleachers .
the mature adult decision would have been to cross the lawn and avoid jase altogether .
he was ready to turn around and bend over the riding lawn mower .
luis spent most of the morning mowing the back lawn near the auditorium .
as they crossed the back lawn , the white light from the full moon guided them safely to the docks .
as luis approached the front lawn , the little boy dropped the baseball and flung him a wary glance .
luis 's uncle descended the steps and crossed the lawn to where luis stood .
concern overrode his anger as he looked around the empty expanse of lawn , seeing no sign of movement .
the drive meandered through what looked like a park , with hill after hill of golf course - quality lawn .
a green lawn sprawled to the edge of the river .
manicured lawns stretched out to either side , the gardens disappearing into the darkness .
from the blimp , the players looked like white flowers on a perfect lawn .
the white flowers scuttled across the lawn .
clearly unaware of his dangerous reaction to what she 'd said , she gestured to his huge stainless steel and granite kitchen , out the sliding glass doors to his infinity pool and sloping green lawn .
tony 's grandkids were chasing each other around the lawn with water guns , screaming and laughing .
but unlike the other , picture - perfect properties , dennis 's landscaping was nonexistent , his lawn a sickly yellow .
he parked in front of a manicured front lawn and moved quickly past the fire trucks , toward his squad boss .
before long they passed the first straggling outskirts of civilization , which quickly blended into lushly groomed lawns and houses that seemed to get larger with every block .
last time they 'd seen each other , tommy had used his fists to plow jeremy 's face into mulch , then tossed him out on the lawn and told him never to show his sorry hide again .
you got drunk on pilfered beer and took your daddy 's car and did doughnuts on the front lawn . ''
he 'd gone jogging and listened to it , eaten breakfast at the waffle house solo and listened to it , and sat in his lawn chair outside his coach , trying desperately to make sense of what the voice actors were saying .
` ` you were thinking like maybe doing the wedding outside on the lawn at an antebellum home ?
` ` suzanne ... '' imogen was pushing herself out of the lawn chair .
your ass is grass and i ' m the lawn mower . ''
it was even fun when he started doing the lawn mower .
despite suspecting it was a bad idea , trey swung out of his bedroom window , hung by his hands , and dropped the remaining distance onto the lawn .
equally troubling , a large green dumpster hulked on their small front lawn .
he 'd been hidden within a wing chair in the half - circle of french windows that overlooked the back lawn .
hand - in - hand , they strolled onto the lush green lawn .
if rebecca asked for a spaceship , would one appear on the lawn ?
the birds were singing , the squirrels still scampering on the lawn .
the windows there overlooked the front lawn and the long tree - lined drive .
and sure enough , there was the father who had no time for ian and his siblings , playing football on the front lawn with his other son .
he mowed our lawn , '' she said , blushing .
overgrown grass and weeds covered most of the lawns .
he exited the vehicle and met her on the front lawn near where she 'd parked on the street behind him .
the clapboard siding was painted a cheery yellow with white trim and on the front lawn was a sign that read costas day spa .
grandma edna yelled and pointed to the ground just as i m a made her escape from the roses and ran across the lawn , sam in hot pursuit .
outdoor tables with umbrellas and chairs were placed on the sidewalk , and across the street on the grassy lawn , booths were being erected for everything from wine to handmade crafts to food .
the annual dance went along with the annual festival set on the great lawn on main street , across the street from the row of shops .
this year boasted a pop band with a good reputation , and the lawn was jam - packed .
the older generation had brought lawn chairs to sit in while they listened , teens were grouped together near the makeshift stage and the rest of the town had gathered to mingle or dance .
he gestured over the lawn , to charlotte 's attic across the street .
with its wraparound porch , trellis , huge front lawn , and the sunlight that shone into the kitchen , the house had the ambience of home .
from a distance , the old house was just as she remembered it , a huge victorian with wrap - around porch and large front lawn .
still on her list to make the place more appealing was cleaning out the closets filled with old junk , painting inside and out , lawn maintenance and more .
` ` i thought i 'd buy some flowers , rick said he 'd mow the lawn and power - wash the exterior , '' she began to explain .
he had to hand wash his boxers and hang them out to dry on a clothesline on the front lawn .
she made it outside , as far as the front lawn , when a loud explosion sounded , knocking her to the ground .
flames erupted from what remained of samson 's place ; at the same time , sloane lifted herself from the ground a little ways in front of him on the front lawn .
she adjusted the turtleneck sweater she 'd worn and walked up his mother 's front lawn , her hips swaying , her mood good despite everything going on around her .
crossing the lawn where her mother had grown up , she shivered at the odd sense of belonging she felt in this town , at the odder connection she had for the eccentric man who 'd bolted at the first sign of another person .
that would be so much worse than the time i 'd gone to an unsupervised party in my teens and gotten drunk and passed out on the front lawn , only to be discovered when the party holder 's parents had come back from martha 's vineyard a day early .
guests are seated in white folding chairs out in the lawn under a white tent .
i pretend to be very interested in a nonexistent bird across the lawn .
i ' m liable to knock his block clear across the lawn with a single tonk , and for once it wo n't be his fault .
edward stands just as my father and ingrid come walking up the lawn to the terrace .
it 's past dark now , and i love looking at the lights on our neighbors ' homes , the fun lawn decorations , and of course , the beautiful trimmings through downtown .
the lawn very tidy , the gate straight and the shrubbery clipped as it had always been .
i cried there on the grass lawn of a beautiful stone manor perched along the somerset coast , at the foot of a mermaid angel that looked out to sea .
he tore off to find it in the natural plantings at the edge of the lawn , happily rooting around and enjoying himself .
we were in a neighborhood near northwestern now , and he pulled onto a side street and then up to the gate of a stunning mansion with a beautiful manicured lawn .
i asked of the women who were lying out on the lawn sunbathing , sitting on the porch reading , and even working on a car that was on blocks near the back of the house .
we were standing on the front porch , looking out at the beautiful lawn and the graceful old trees and the women who were making a better life there .
the lawn had been a mess the last time i was there , but now it was neat and tidy , with colorful flowers in pretty clay pots .
there is a lone photographer camped out on the sidewalk in a lawn chair .
it looks out over a manicured lawn leading down to a private dock and the smooth surface of the lake .
it takes a minute to spot him , but i finally see him on a bench near a grassy area where some weary parents have settled on the lawn with their kids .
if she had asked me to lick her ass**le while she cut the lawn with her teeth , i would have agreed to do it .
do you want me to f**k you on your lawn , or was i misreading that ? ''
i found him out back sitting on a lawn chair , staring into his pool .
mowing lawns .
a large brick wall covered with ivy separated the lot from the sprawling front lawn .
a lawn chair beckoned , and she could n't resist sinking down onto it .
meg must have thought her brother 's silence implied that he thought donny should go toss a football out on the lawn right this second .
` ` let 's just go sit on the lawn . ''
` ` the lawn , '' he repeated dryly .
` ` do n't forget the hash browns or blueberry waffle , '' lucien said dryly as they walked onto the tree - lined street , the sidewalk separated from the green lawns by a low , iron - gated fence .
white chairs were spread across the lawn , and their friends and family were there .
the music began and the other bridesmaids walked down the white runner spread out on the lawn .
he grabbed her hand and linked his fingers through hers , guiding her across the lawn , past the reception hall , and to a back door that led down a carpeted hallway .
she raised her arms in the air victoriously , thrilled to have won this round of the lawn bowling game .
` ` if i did n't know better , i 'd be worried that i ' m boring , '' she said as she wheeled past a pack of teenage boys tossing a frisbee across the lawn .
abbi told me how to get to her place , and i pulled up in front of an apartment house in the middle of a block filled with rundown houses and empty , torn up lawns .
` ` all i need is time , '' i mumbled as i watched the porcupine continue to make his way across the lawn toward the trees on my side of the house .
as i stepped back into the shadows behind a tree and away from the throng of people who loved occasions like this mingling on the lawn , i ran into a woman and her son i 'd noticed when i arrived .
looking around , i spied him walking quickly across the lawn toward the property 's edge .
i lived in a nice house , with a nice green lawn , a couple of nice cars parked in the driveway .
in my dream , i ' m back at my parents ' house in fairfield , standing on the usually lush green lawn .
a lawn service arrived in the afternoon , and three gardeners clambered out of the truck and began to mow the lawn .
a lawn service arrived in the afternoon , and three gardeners clambered out of the truck and began to mow the lawn .
he was across the lawn and about to step onto the porch when he caught sight of emma 's fiat in his driveway .
i had to feel that lawn under bare feet .
with that he jerked me forward as he began to stride across the lawn .
the damned dreams , when he 'd wake up sweaty and already getting hard again , his body thrumming from the simple idea of ignacio the lawn boy .
at least the chairs were padded and the windows were plentiful and had good views of the very perfect lawns and gardens .
palm trees dotted the lawn , and the house was illuminated by lights shining up from the ground .
the lawn was perfectly manicured , and i made a comment to max about it as we pulled into the driveway .
he led me to the ' porch ' which was an extensive patio overlooking a rectangular pool and a lawn that seemed to go on forever .
the entire lawn had been transformed into a fairy - lit park and a jazz trio played discreetly on a small stage .
i looked up at his face as he studied the house that rose from the expanse of green lawn in front of us .
it was actually quite a pretty place with gentle hills still covered with green lawns and a nice scattering of mature trees .
before i can react , he grabs me around the waist , just as he did on the lawn yesterday .
* * * an hour later , freshly showered and clothed in another lovely dress from louisa 's closet , i meet calder on the lawn .
` ` come christmas they 'll probably set up an absurd amount of lights and charge people extra to come stare at some ridiculous thirty - foot christmas tree in the middle of the lawn . ''
we 're sitting in the grass out on the lawn of the former cunningham estate , staring up at the night sky .
for a moment , i think back to the night calder and i slept on the lawn at the cunningham estate .
he drove us down the quiet street that i recognized by way of its new homes and meticulously manicured lawns .
when he pulled up in front of trevor 's house , i was shocked to find a real estate sign stuck into the overgrown lawn that marked the property as sold .
at her campsite , gemma pulled out two lawn chairs and a six - pack of bud light .
gemma sank a little lower in her lawn chair .
carter eased out of the lawn chair and snagged a beer from the cooler .
once they 'd settled in lawn chairs with the cooler between them , and a cold beer in each hand , jack sighed .
she hesitated as she climbed out of her vehicle , studying the two forms in the lawn chairs in front of a dwindling campfire .
sexy , low male laughter drifted from the other lawn chair .
and screwed his brains out while you were sacked out in the lawn chair . ''
it pleased him skylar had n't cultivated the stereotypical suburban lawn , but allowed the landscape remain natural .
kade had f**ked skylar like an absolute animal , in a mud puddle , on the front lawn .
he whispered , ` ` what happens in our bedroom or in our shower or on our front lawn ai n't nobody 's business but ours . ''
reminds me of a lady back home who used to serve me cookies and lemonade after i mowed her lawn .
so i ' m sitting in my lawn chair , watching the goin 's on around the campground after the event ended .
it 'd surprised her , how much she enjoyed mowing the lawn , especially on days like today , when exercise was the secondary goal .
no one has groomed lawns in the country , gavin , not to mention the deer and turkeys will rip it up- '' he placed his fingers over her mouth .
maintaining a manicured lawn is the last thing i 'd ever do . ''
then the baby did a full belly roll inside her that took her breath away , forcing her to rest on a porch swing in the lawn and garden department .
he tried not to laugh and focused on fixing the lawn mower engine that 'd crapped out again .
standing on her brother 's front lawn in a black business suit , over five thousand miles from south padre island , was her ex - boyfriend , and the father of her child .
his former bedroom now looked like it belonged in an upscale bed and breakfast with its large four - poster bed , an expensive looking persian rug on the floor , wallpaper covered in a delicate fleur de lys pattern , a crystal chandelier , and lace curtains adorning the huge bay window that looked out onto the back lawn and the woods that lie beyond it .
he could n't see what lay beyond the glass , but he 'd spent so much time at the window as a boy , he knew the scene by heart : an immaculate lawn , a gazebo , and a large shed that doubled as a hiding place if you wanted to get away from your life as the only child of beau prescott sr . , the last in a long line of prescott steel magnates that stretched all the way back to the mid - nineteenth century .
she ran through the broken door , down the narrow hallway , and into the living room , her shoes crunching over the broken glass as she rushed outside onto the wide expanse of lawn that sat between her and the shelter .
in fact , he was dressed all in black as if he 'd set out to match the large black escalade parked , not in one of the special parking spots for ruth 's house , but on the lawn itself with the passenger door hanging open , as if he 'd skidded to a stop and leapt out .
he must have decided she was n't , because his head swiveled towards sam as she also came running across the lawn toward them .
he might look like fedya , but pavel had already proven himself to be way more sensible than his addict brother , from the moment nikolai had pulled up behind ruth 's house and seen the child running across the lawn like a bat out of hell .
amanda followed hunter to the lawn where he laid allison down on the grass .
she turned to see her mother crossing the well - manicured lawn where a small group of three dappled fawns grazed .
in case neither of you have been paying attention , our little daimons are busy on the lawn . ''
a minute later , she found herself on a grassy lawn not too far from her small house in new orleans .
` ` empty your gun so i know you wo n't shoot her in the back as she runs across the lawn .
` ` yeah , and much like geese , they usually shit all over your lawn . ''
the door opened to show simone glaring at both of them as if they deserved only to be mowed over and buried in the lawn .
most of all , he was hotter than hell and made her want to strip him nak*d and throw him down on her lawn in front of god and everyone as she made love to him until they were both begging for mercy .
the warm rays were quickly spreading up the lawn and street .
` ` well , hell has indeed frozen over , in case you missed the snow on your front lawn . ''
my dad slung everything i owned onto the lawn and set fire to it .
when they reached the concrete steps that descended to the wide - open lawn area in the park , storm stopped , eyes scanning the area .
the vrekener males all wore white lawn shirts and leather breeches .
his surprised cry echoes across the lawn .
` ` i ' m afraid to try in case- '' shouts from the lot reach her , and footsteps pound down the sloping lawn .
the lawn rolls ahead , stark and so green it almost looks unreal .
he parks and steps onto a trail that leads through stretches of manicured lawn , which , in the coming months , will shift from sleeping brown to vibrant and green .
i look out over my mom 's perfect yard - immaculate lawn , lush flower beds , pristine white fence - and feel like an unsightly weed in the middle of it .
it seems to stretch for miles , with lawns so green they seem nearly fluorescent , and flowers of colors i do n't think i ' ve ever seen in nature before .
a wide lawn spreads out on both sides of the stone walkway , and the front door is painted a deep green .
` ` the closets are small , there 's horrible water pressure , and i guarantee the teenage boys who take care of the lawn will be absolute piglets when they see you , but it 's cute and quiet and there 's a washer and dryer in the garage you can use whenever , '' she says .
he crossed the lawn gracefully and came to stand over jace ; he was as tall as he was thin , and when clary glanced up to look at him , she was surprised how many stars he blotted out .
luke 's pickup truck was pulled up onto the lawn , its motor grinding , dark strips of burned rubber laid across the sidewalk .
ignoring the creature pinned under his wheels , he dashed across the lawn toward the porch .
she was chattering rapidly and nervously to luke , ` ` i was coming across the lawn when - i smelled something .
i drove the car up onto the lawn and crushed it . ''
` ` luke went outside to move the car off the lawn .
` ` he was moving the truck off the lawn . ''
he was halfway through the third section when he saw a light sweep across luke 's front lawn .
on the lawn by the footpath was a motorcycle , the engine still rumbling .
when he thought of his father and of idris , it was always the same blurred memory of hot sunshine burning down on the green lawns in front of their country house , and of a big , dark , broad - shouldered figure leaning down to lift him off the grass and carry him inside .
` ` did you ever think that in a past life alec was an old woman with ninety cats who was always yelling at the neighborhood kids to get off her lawn ?
clary stood blinking as the view swam into focus : the mountains in the distance , wayfarer contentedly munching grass , and sebastian immobile as a lawn statue , one hand still outstretched .
what had probably once been a shady lawn , stretching away down a sloping hill .
he saw the green lawn stretching away , the faraway light of the city a faint glow in the distance .
alec grabbed one and simon the other , and together they hauled samuel like a limp sack of potatoes out of the cell and deposited him on the lawn .
` ` they kind of look like evil lawn gnomes . ''
the truck clanked and bumped over the long white drive that swept through manicured lawns to the massive house that rose like the prow of a ship in the distance .
there was a rectangular picture window that gave out onto wide lawns , on which groups of mostly young people were executing what looked like drill maneuvers , wearing black warm - up pants and tops .
through the window separating them green lawns were visible three floors down .
-deuteronomy 29:23 14 the sleep of reason clary stood on a shady lawn that rolled away down a sloping hill .
clary followed her mother 's gaze toward where the lawn flattened out .
she must have nodded , because he let her go , and then she was tearing across the lawn and into the tent , hurling herself at simon so hard that he staggered back , almost falling over .
even in the early - morning hours , the great lawn was full of runners and tourists .
our eyes met for a brief moment , and then he turned around , crossing the lawn and heading east on the sidewalk , hands shoved into the pockets of his jeans .
i saw zayne standing in the driveway and beside him was his father and geoff and dez and others , but it was the darker forms beyond them , near the lawn leading to the woods , that drew me closer .
so many things bubbled up the moment we stepped past the crumbled stone retaining wall that surrounded the manicured lawn and under the thick , bare branches that rattled like dry bones in the breeze .
right over there was like , right in front of the empty lawn chairs .
taking a deep breath , i let it out slowly as i let my teary gaze drift over the lawn .
cold wind chilled my cheeks , and the scent of snow was in the air as i crossed the lawn leading up to the dorms .
and i made it to wednesday evening without anyone running us over , bodies being dumped on the front lawn , or wearing dermablend .
my eyes drift to the ` ` sold '' sticker crossing the sign on their front lawn .
and the front lawn ... well , derek later painted that with too many shots of fireball .
you can usually find her watering her lawn .
` ` okay , spill it mackay , '' lina demands , practically pushing me into one of the few lawn chairs available .
i fall back into the lawn chair and he joins me , to sit silently as i watch a stray cat dart across the street , its eyes glowing against an approaching car 's headlights .
and now i ' m out the front door and darting across the front lawn , intent on getting the engine started on that dune buggy before ben catches up to me .
gritting his teeth , he gives a cursory glance around the lawn .
a green - and - blue woven lawn chair that has seen better days sits in the corner .
i take a seat in that rickety lawn chair and simply absorb the peace and quiet while i wait .
` ` i sat next to him in a lawn chair and talked to him about buying organic pork instead of regular pork .
english - style gardens break up a perfectly groomed lawn and the driveway forms a large loop at the front door .
the route reagan has chosen is a tranquil street through a pleasantvillesque neighborhood of pretty houses and manicured lawns and large trees , just starting to change colors .
my eyes drop down to take in the perfect cardigan and pearl necklace beneath jocelyn 's perfect peacoat and i have a flash of manicured lawns and lapdogs - all these elements that my subconscious has assembled as the ideal life i could share with the main star currently standing next to me .
groups came across the lawn , standing back as if they might hurt her .
she went back to the rear garden , crossed the lawn , skirting the grave if she remembered , and sometimes she did n't , and then she sat at the wicker table and said , ` ` rowan , good morning . ''
she looked at rowan ; the eyes looked green now , as if picking up the tint of the bright spring lawn .
then she looked off , through the iron gates , and beyond the pool and down the middle of the front lawn .
her heels sank into the soft lawn , but on she came .
half expecting to see some delicious ghost - poor stella , for instance , or god only knew what other apparition - mona had slipped out in her bare feet and crossed the lawn .
a few scattered stepping - stones led off across the lawn in the direction , more or less , of the garage .
it was still early and the sun was high and falling down on the lawn beneath the oak , as it would be , really , until late in the day .
` ` now that 's just too much money , mary jane , '' he said , but he was thinking weed eater , lawn mower , brand - new electric shrub clippers , and sony color tv , and there was n't a reason in the world to declare this on his taxes .
the lawn ahead of them was stark in the moonlight ; their carriage was where they had left it in the center of the drive .
` ` there 's a dead girl on the front lawn , '' he said , ` ` and the police are here . ''
` ` is there really a dead person on the lawn ? ''
i did n't believe mustapha had killed the woman on the lawn .
they did n't have the imagination to be relieved that the body on the lawn was n't one of them .
of course , much was made of the fact that she 'd been found on the lawn of a ` ` prominent vampire businessman and his party guests . ''
` ` then bill found her dead on the lawn .
but the police had gotten an anonymous call that there was a body at eric 's , so the police were there before he even knew her body was on the lawn . ''
we both sat in the lawn chairs .
and when i found her on the lawn , i could smell that she was two - natured .
pam 's car was parked at the back of the house , and bill , eric , and pam were sitting in lawn chairs in my backyard .
warren was in the shadows behind him , huddled in a folding lawn chair .
i mowed my meadowlike lawn .
chapter 8 bill was sitting in a lawn chair in my backyard .
he was glowering at the judge like someone had suggested whipping barbara beck on the courthouse lawn .
` ` as long as they know i could n't and did n't kill arlene , they can dance naked on the courthouse lawn and i 'll show up to clap , '' i said , and diantha laughed .
` ` i just bought 'em at the lawn and garden center , '' i said .
the folding chairs were already set up at the tables scattered around the lawn , so the guests would stand for the short service .
the manicured lawns on the way to her classroom were unusually empty .
unlike that bladeless lawn mower you call a car . ''
out on the lawn , she stopped and cocked her head , drawing those swords with a lethal grace .
someone had heard her and was coming across the wide expanse of lawn .
three grace found herself listening for boyd 's footsteps as she reluctantly walked up the cobbled walk to the peaceful slice of suburbia hiding its shame and misery behind lush green lawns and environmentally friendly recycle bins .
the high - walled graveyard was mine , too , or jenks 's , actually , seeing that he owned the deed , but i was the one who mowed the lawn .
it pinged on the broken slate of the patio , bouncing and rolling under my lawn chair as a chorus of disappointment grew .
ivy 's bike slowed as jenks 's dust glittered over her , then she gunned it , roaring past me and aiming for the woman fleeing over the lawns .
someone was mowing his lawn at half - past midnight .
they do n't sell lawn tractors with headlights for nothing .
the cop shouted , and trent urged tulpa into a faster pace , shifting him up onto the lawns to dodge kiddie pools and bikes as we trotted through the hollows , the cop car following with his siren blaring .
cars were parked haphazardly on the street , the lawn , the lawn across the street ... everywhere .
cars were parked haphazardly on the street , the lawn , the lawn across the street ... everywhere .
most of the lawns were tall and filled with weeds - to hide the evidence of recent crimes , she was sure - and most of the houses had a few boarded - up windows .
large , sprawling , and dark , with manicured lawns and armed guards patrolling the upper walkway .
the lawn was perfectly manicured , but the grass was sparse .
the green manicured lawn was edged by an intricately designed wrought - iron fence , which led to a large azure fountain .
the lawn was manicured and green , the trees scattered throughout real .
` ` if anyone so much as drops a beer can on my lawn i pay for dna testing .
that done , zacharel gagged him , stripped him and staked him to his own front lawn to await his arrest .
i told them that you ... well , that you had a few extra stakes and the stingiest people at the bar were going to be extended an invitation to join the phoenix on the lawn . ''
` ` therefore , you will receive a lash of the whip for every warrior being tortured on your front lawn . ''
` ` nice fire - creepers you ' ve got on your lawn , '' most beautiful said to thane .
the house wound in a half circle around a snow - covered lawn .
chapter seven amun , keeper of the demon of secrets , lounged in a plastic lawn chair in the middle of the thriving green forest surrounding his home .
below them was a tent , a crackling fire that cast only the barest hint of gold , hot dog weenies roasting on a portable gril -turned to its lowest setting , of course - and a lawn chair with a cpr dummy lounging on the plastic .
the lawn chair shook , the dummy 's body jolting .
the performers had brought lawn chairs and now placed them in front of the cages .
homeowners lingered on their front lawns , watching as firemen and policemen dug through piles of charred debris .
he raced across the lawn ... no alarm ... he climbed the iron gate ... no alarm ...
the male shot across the lawn , down the street .
` ` this thing 's tackier than my mama 's light - up lawn reindeer . ''
their lawns are crabgrass and their mailboxes are dull metal .
i could see the front lawn from the window , and beyond it , the foggy skyline .
but the word carries new meaning for me , now that i have seen what it can look like : gray - clothed bodies slung across curbs and over sidewalks , abnegation leaders shot on their front lawns , next to their mailboxes .
` ` it caused a huge blowup on the front lawn , but eventually evelyn won . ''
on the lawn . ''
i see tobias standing in the middle of the lawn , wearing mixed faction colors - a gray t - shirt , blue jeans , and a black sweatshirt with a hood , representing all the factions my aptitude test told me i was qualified for .
he walks backward , toward the mammoth metal structure at the other end of the lawn , and i follow him .
we reach the end of the lawn .
it was a game we played in the evenings , on the front lawn , before marcus got home .
the sidewalk out front is cracked and uneven , and the lawn is a mottled calico of yellow , green , and brown .
he veered toward the pool down another stone walkway , through lawn as plush as carpet with flowering borders .
wes 's voice carried across the manicured lawn .
troy sauntered slowly toward them across the lush lawn , his gaze watchful .
when rachel and marx were halfway up the lawn , troy stepped close .
the yard had a small , neatly mowed lawn and bright flowerbeds all around the foundation .
ryker 's knee bounced as he stared at the bright green lawn .
his hands clenched around the steering wheel while his mind catalogued everything mike 's wife , julie , had to handle now that mike couldn't - mowing the lawn , fixing the house , dishes , cleaning , laundry , driving , playing with their son ... ` ` let me go .
here , every house was decorated with lights and lawn ornaments .
the trees looked more lush as we approached the water , and the houses turned into mansions with large lawns and new fences .
he shrugged his arm from my hands and strode across the front lawn , then straight into the middle of them .
they threw cigarette butts and bottles down onto the lawn , and had friends who vomited in the elevator .
he ran a landscaping company , putting in lawns and trees for new housing developments .
a man could claim he needed a good f**k or new lawn mower .
i sat down in one of the two white lawn chairs that riley had gotten and tapped out a cigarette .
other cars had driven right up onto the lawn .
i made my way out to the bonfire and found my boyfriend sitting in a lawn chair , laughing with a group of people who seemed to be hanging on his every word .
it was either that or pass out cold on the cooks ' front lawn .
the lawn was impeccably manicured and the large windows twinkled in the early morning sun .
i moved across the vast lawn to the hedge lining the back of the yard and the flowerbed running along it .
tall maple and ash trees lined the sidewalks , and manicured lawns framed the massive houses set back from the road .
her back was to us as she stared blankly out the kitchen window into the backyard gazing out upon the unkempt lawn .
as soon as his feet hit the ground , giggles bubbled up from within him , his chubby , round face succumbing to a fit of laughter as he raced across the lawn and threw himself into my lap .
` ` i live here , '' he says , and then gestures back at the house just in case i thought he was talking about the lawn .
i spend the rest of the period thinking of ways to apologize , working out elaborate fantasies where i play the good samaritan , the best of which is where i give a five - hundred - dollar donation to greenpeace in her name and then let her know by spelling it out in cupcakes across her lawn .
barren elms and full evergreens grew tall along the sidewalk bordering the road , the trees shading the mostly two - story houses , the yards boasting flowerbeds and trimmed lawns .
emma ran down the porch steps and across the front lawn .
laughing in spite of myself , i chased her across the lawn , two steps behind , before i drew in near enough to sweep her off her feet with one arm wrapped around her belly .
only a patchy lawn and rickety door separated me from the girl , who , without even knowing it , had captured me the moment i 'd seen her .
my eyes swept across the lawn to where she rocked gently on my mother 's porch swing next to grace .
but they were , my footfalls heavy as i crossed the small thatch of lawn and twisted through the groups of people huddling in circles on the patio .
for years he 'd mowed their lawn , and just as many times he 'd sat in their kitchen drinking from a glass of lemonade when mrs . ramirez would call him in to take a break from the sun .
a for sale sign had been yanked from the ground and tossed onto the sparse brown lawn .
he tugged at my hand and started us up through the unkempt lawn , if it could even be considered a lawn .
he tugged at my hand and started us up through the unkempt lawn , if it could even be considered a lawn .
a covered patio off the sliding door in the main room gave way to what had been a lawn long since dead in the winter , unmaintained in the many months this house had sat vacant .
people poured out the front door and onto the lawn , undoubtedly because they all could n't fit inside .
mature trees lined the streets , and manicured lawns stretched up from the road to the modest houses set close together .
like the rest of houses in the neighborhood , the lawn was cut short , full and lush , extending from the sidewalk bordering the street to the flower beds blooming below the windows .
` ` jared , '' he attempted again , taking a step toward me where i stood panting in the middle of their lawn while night crawled heavily across the sky , sinking down .
my boots were silent as i treaded across what seemed an endless lawn .
he brushed his lips across her head , and i edged forward across the lawn , drawn deeper into the darkness .
just before five thirty , i pulled into the garage of my smal two - story house , the white paint fresh and lawn trimmed from the countless hours of effort matthew had put into its care .
when the other boxes had been opened , lizzie rose and raced across the lawn and into my lap , throwing her smal arms around my neck .
she breezed across the lawn , leaving me shaking my head , baffled to find such an unlikely all y , but thankful nonetheless .
when the last of lizzie 's guests had left and only matthew and natalie remained , i reluctantly stood and made my way across the lawn .
children no longer played on the grassy lawns of their front yards or on the sidewalks .
lizzie spent entire days out playing on the lawn , pumping her legs furiously on her swing , walking hand in hand with her mother , barefoot in the sand .
i could picture myles stumbling across the lawn on unsure feet , the biggest grin on his face , lizzie at his side , encouraging him to take one more step .
a wicked jolt sent me down to kiss the grass a few feet away from him , and as the blow wore off , i pushed up on my hands , spitting lawn clippings from my mouth .
i- '' he looked at mike for a second , his eyes narrowed , a thousand words not found in the dictionary being aimed at him across the lawn .
along the sides of the road , the trees spread all the way back past grassy lawns , lined with hedge fences .
boring to me always spelled middle - class venetian - blind window treatments , perfectly mowed lawns , and white picket fences .
a lawn mower .
she dragged me back inside and we watched , all five of us , as the entire show was emptied from our house and our lawn and our road .
like lawn ornaments .
who the f**k needs lawn ornaments ? ''
the ungers had three faux - grecian birdbaths and a garish assortment of rose - and - blue - tinted lawn balls .
they had lawn jockeys ( the black kind ) and three cement deer - a doe and two fawns .
i can guarantee you this : you do not want to die by asphyxiating on your own puke and get kicked out of a car onto your front lawn .
mostly , i 'd steal liquor from my mother , or from her friends ' houses when i went to mow their lawns on the weekend .
dad 's still outside , finishing his lawn cleanup , so i go upstairs .
they 'd found him on the front lawn .
we live at the end of a quiet cul - de - sac , with neat front lawns and new - grown trees spaced twenty feet apart , looking as thin and pathetic as they did when we first moved in .
i watch happily as he rides away , vera spluttering all the way back down the street , a flash of red against the green of the shady oak trees and overgrown front lawns .
it 's one of those perfect cloudless summer days : cool breeze rustling the leaves above us , the distant comforting hum of a lawn mower somewhere down the block .
outside , it had begun to rain , a misty drizzle that clung to grace 's face as she hurried across the overgrown lawn and into the thicket of elm trees at the back of the yard .
as they emerged from the guesthouse , the child bride was sauntering across the lawn in a gauzy white wrap - hair in a perky ponytail , lips glossed bright pink .
he crossed the lawn toward them , resplendent in white pants and a bright - orange polo shirt - unbuttoned down his neck to reveal a swath of wiry chest hair peeping through .
amber 's high - pitched voice echoed across the lawn .
` ` the next house up is where brad pitt once mowed the lawn in nineteen ninety - two , when he was working as a yard boy to pay rent ! ''
grace watched from the window as hallie raced over to where dakota was waiting on the front lawn .
` ` i feel a religious experience coming on , '' palmer whispered to grace as harry pulled up a couple of lawn chairs for them and made room at the table .
hallie went outside to investigate , and found brandon collecting a box of small canisters , now scattered over the lawn .
hallie followed him out onto the back lawn .
grace turned , following her gaze out to the back lawn , where their neighbor sat running lines with hallie .
dorms , dining hall , and an old chapel are arranged around these tiny cobbled courtyards , and there are neat lawns and gardens all around .
it 's a warm night , and students are clustered on the front lawn of a three - story red - brick house , all conversation drowned out by the insistent thump of the ` ` come git it , git it '' track playing over the stereo system .
it 's silent and still , and usually i find that the neat lawns and pretty stone archways calm me down , but tonight i wish it were humming with activity , anything i could be a part of .
i think of oxford , the neat lawns adorned with keep off the grass placards until well into summer so we have to scurry down the long , tiled pathways .
after all , i can get my class reading done just as well on the front lawn as in a library .
me working on the script , me lying out on the lawn with a book , me ordering our group around during filming , all set to a familiar soundtrack of bruce springsteen , patsy cline , and all the other songs ryan played for me that day .
she shook her head politely , watching as the waitress circulated among the crowd of guests who were scattered across the immaculate lawn .
flora linked her arm through alice 's and happily led her onto the lawn .
she stopped , gazing at the expanse of neat lawn and mature trees : an idyllic summer scene enclosed behind the tall , crumbling walls .
in fact , as vivienne parted the sea of guests and stalked across the lawn toward her , alice could see that her face was glowering angrily .
a large spanish - style building , it was set a little way back from the road with two cars in the driveway and separate mailboxes on the front lawn , suggesting that it housed more than one apartment - and that the residents were home .
before us , surrounded by a vast expanse of lawn , was a magnificent mansion , so large the forest seemed to quail at its presence .
he walked down the steps after the others , who were already halfway across the grounds , stopping once he reached the lawns , turning back towards me as i stood watching from the open doorway , inhaling the first fresh air in weeks .
i gazed out at the expansive lawns , knowing it would be so easy just to run right now .
the view was magnificent over the gently sloping lawns and trees of the estate , but i had little reason to admire it , especially as i startled at the sound of a lock clicking .
the warm hues that had ringed the mansion earlier on in the autumn had descended to the lawns , dappling them with spots of muddy brown .
i returned to addressing the soaked garden , eyes fixed on the lawn beyond the flower beds , which was collecting water in puddles because the ground was becoming saturated .
as we landed on the massive stretch of lawn that separated trees from golden stone , our pace immediately picked back up to a run .
mccoy yelled from across the lawn .
arm flew through the air and landed like a damn lawn dart . ''
one agent reported that ty had actually uttered the phrase ` ` you kids get off my lawn '' when the rookie had knocked on his door .
he was carrying a shotgun and waving his beefy hand as if shooing a pack of dogs off his lawn .
` ` i woke up the morning of my wedding on the front lawn of the church , tied up , with my tux covered in sequins they 'd taken from stripper outfits . ''
i leave laken alone with the mermaid as i make tracks across the expansive lawn .
laken sinks into the grass , a brilliant shock of white over the dark , leafy lawn .
wes looks at me with those lawn green eyes , and my stomach melts on command .
in the distance , situated neatly on senior lawn , laken catches my eye as wes draws her into a kiss .
i pull her back onto the lawn with me .
wes leads me past the dumpsters , down the rolling lawn and behind a circle of evergreens that stake themselves in the center of a clearing , proud and erect , as if they were the overseers of ephemeral .
blaine helps kresley lie down on the lawn .
laken sits on the edge of the withered lawn and watches as i unearth one of ephemeral 's finest sons .
` ` let 's get out of here , '' she says as we climb onto the lawn .
a part of me wants to sit on the lawn , nestle in the cool night dew , and do just that .
wes leads me off the porch and across an expansive lawn that glows blue under a low hanging moon .
the world outside seems devoid of any color , with the exception of the emerald lawn that campaigns hard for my attention .
i cut across the lawn and race down the hill toward the black of the forest .
the brick path - the lawn , neither could offer her a welt of soil an inch thick , unless of course , she went off the beaten path , also known as the forest .
he turns his head toward the rolling lawn , thick as an ebony tapestry , and takes a deep breath .
wes parks high on the ridge , and we run down together expecting to see a massacre , or a triage unit set up on the front lawn with a line of gurneys pulling out countless victims - a spectator , a fem - but there 's nothing .
the dew - covered lawn stains her boots clear to her ankles and i have a feeling she 'll blame me for ruining her shoes like she blames me for stealing wes .
in an act of mercy , the bell rings , and i collapse on the lawn next to carter with sweat trickling down the side of my face in long , hot beads .
carter and i pop off the lawn like corks to greet them .
his eyes compete with the lawn to rule this emerald empire .
he pulls off a dirt road toward a relatively average - looking home with a sprawling green lawn and a neat border of spent roses .
truth is , if wes wanted me to i 'd lie naked on the senior lawn for him .
i speed over the lawn , feel the blast of cool air baptize my face and sear through my lungs as i race toward her .
during our nutrition break , wesley holds me under a spreading maple with its leaves shagging out all over the navy lawn .
of course , the only one for me is wesley , i ' m quick to dream up a visual of the two of us rolling around on the senior lawn , asterion rooting for us in the background like some mythological cheerleader .
but with my luck a downpour will ensue this afternoon and we 'll both wash right out onto the lawn below with broken necks .
i spot cal and morgan on the lawn , knocking back a couple of beers .
we watch helplessly from the front lawn as white billows of foam ooze out of every orifice of the bed - and - breakfast .
i wrap my arm around her waist as we take off onto the rolling green lawn of the b and b .
the scent of a freshly mowed lawn swims through the air like the finest perfume , and my hands instinctually want to strangle a bat for the hell of it .
the lawn is rolling and lush , decorated with flower petals the girls picked up this afternoon .
cruise asks as we cross the lawn toward the athletics department .
i cut a hard look to morgan while he chats it up with cruise and cal across the lawn and the three of them spontaneously burst into laughter .
i admire the expansive , rolling lawn .
brielle 's driveway is full and so is her lawn .
the dog goes off in a barking fit again as shadows elongate over the silver lawn , long as ladders .
he stretches his neck as far as the chain will allow while two bodies crouch on the lawn .
she jumps up on my waist , and i spin her , kiss her lips until i ' m dizzy , and we fall to the soft rolling lawn .
skyla and i grab a quick bite at the chinese express inside the cafeteria and head back out to the rolling lawns covered with students .
other than the color of his eyes he 's my gage , and this rattles me , tosses my sanity around like those maple leaves doing cartwheels over the lawn .
14 wild abandon skyla the universe warps and pulls until i ' m spit out onto the rolling green lawn of the ethereal plane - a blade of grass spiking up my nostril .
i knock him back until he falls onto the lawn and offer a swift kick to his ribcage .
the bare maples spread out behind him like a skeleton , their leaves already fanned across the lawn in a kaleidoscope of browns and golds .
we need to do something big like drag a couch over to senior lawn and set it on fire . ''
logan and gage sit by my side , out on the senior lawn .
ms . richards blows the whistle , and i fall onto the lawn just shy of giselle .
i chase him as far as the lawn before my heels start to sink into the tender soil .
* * * at lunch , the wind stops bending the backs of the evergreens and puts away the whip long enough for us to stretch out on the senior lawn .
logan plucks a blade of grass out of the lawn and coils it around his finger .
emily waves us over to where the bitch squad and giselle are seated on the lawn .
the sound of someone taking a punch in the gut emits from the distal point of the lawn , so i speed around the pool and head on over .
i run off the field , through senior lawn , before darting across the parking lot .
marlena sits on the lawn like she 's settling in for the show .
in its place is a perfect lawn , a picket fence that leads to a giant white house with a wraparound porch that stretches the entire circumference .
god forbid i have to do a celestra - based infusion right here on the front lawn for all the counts in question to witness .
i stagger over to the thick navy lawn and raise my face to the sky .
ms . messenger , marshall nods a private greeting from a table set out on the lawn adorned with crisp linens and silverware .
a stray cottontail hops over the thick navy lawn and burrows in for the show .
i run over the rich lawn so dark in hue it looks necrotic .
i remember when i was back in school , '' she titters , ` ` we filled the fountain with detergent and turned the senior lawn into a foaming sea of bubbles . ''
the entire lot of us , collapse in a circle on the lawn .
i take a deep breath at the surroundings - the crystalline pool , the long rolling lawns , the mansion the size of a warehouse - a replica to the one in the transfer .
ellis shouts from the giant sprawling lawn .
we can roll around on the lawn like animals and invent our own naughty games - naked leap frog - marshall may i - hide the peak - red light , green light district - obstacle intercourse - hot lava - capture the sector - skyla says - the possibilities are endless .
the touch of a tangerine glow kisses the horizon and an emerald lawn sprawls for miles in every direction .
soft overtones of pink outline the hard ridge where the trees meet the sky , and the dark rich lawn rolls out into a viridian horizon .
but all i could comprehend was the joy of holding gage freely throughout the halls and sprawling lawns at west .
` ` you know , lizbeth , '' tad grinds the food in his mouth , ` ` i ' m going to go out on a limb here - i do n't think we should be serving lawn clippings as a side dish . ''
mia , melissa , and the who 's who of paragon minor sit in a circular arrangement , most of them in old lawn chairs we dragged out from l.a . where it actually made sense to own furniture specifically designed to occupy the yard .
we walk across the soft fine lawn and my heels sink into the soil , still soggy from days of rain .
mom drops her bouquet , christening the lawn with a shower of white petals .
the ebony shoes stop at the edge of the lawn , as their owner inspects my misery from above .
the entire squad is seated in a circle on the lawn , including nat .
thick carpeted lawns stretch out before us then stop abruptly at a river , gushing with a thunderous roar .
` ` right on time , '' he smiles , trekking over lawn .
chloe takes the bait , knocking me back onto the lawn with one ferocious push .
he lets the bike drop onto the lawn as he heads on over .
` ` trapped a raven the size of a lawn chair out back today .
he lets his bike fall onto the lawn and pulls me into a tight embrace .
tons of cars are parked cockeyed all over the front lawn and zigzag up and down the street .
clouds like bruises fill in the periphery , and a brilliant band of striated tissue leaks a puddle of blood onto the senior lawn at west paragon .
i watch as mangers and giant cartoon cutouts of santa claus spike , lawn after lawn .
i watch as mangers and giant cartoon cutouts of santa claus spike , lawn after lawn .
chapter sixteen worlds collide paragon 's landscape is dotted with pumpkins - bodies are strung up in trees like christmas ornaments , and miniature graveyards have cropped up on every other front lawn .
august 27th , met up with gage yesterday after practice and just hung out on the senior lawn .
the kitchen has a lawn chair i ' ve never seen before dangling out of the sink .
he lies back on the deep emerald lawn .
my grandmother and i sat in lawn chairs at the park across the street .
he grabs ahold of my wrist and whisks me off past the lawn to the dark area near the house .
the eucalyptus trees create a wall of greenery that leads out to the expansive lawns where girls sit in clusters while boys throw a football back and forth .
miles of white lawn chairs are laid out in rows , and every single one is filled to capacity .
we bypass the oversized nativity on the lawn , with the manger still empty , waiting for the little king to make his debut tomorrow at midnight .
ryder the officer dumps us off at the foot of the lawn before heading back into the house .
we peddle out past the university , past the row of greek mansions with their boxy chic exteriors , their well - manicured lawns , and over to a rundown strip mall that 's badly in need of a paint job .
3 eyes wide open baya on wednesday , after u.s . history and just before american lit , laney snags me off the lawn , and we head over to hallowed grounds for a cup of something hot to warm our frozen bones .
an entire army of gardeners attack the rolling green lawn in front of the public library .
bryson leads us out to a gloriously - huge backyard that spans in every direction with emerald - rolling lawns .
her lawn green eyes stand out against the backdrop of the storm clouds brewing up above .
the townspeople bring blankets or lawn chairs and spread out on the grass to enjoy a double feature .
i laugh loudly as i wave at mr . hart , who is mowing his lawn .
the sound of lawn mowers and children playing fills the air .
he points to the pile of lumber that has been torn out and tossed on the lawn behind the house .
the house is a white colonial style home with manicured lawns and beautiful , colorful flower beds .
they live in a new subdivision in north seattle where most of the houses look alike ; well - kept lawns , small front porches with hanging baskets of colorful flowers and kids riding bicycles on the sidewalks .
she lets maddie take one hand and josie take the other as they guide her to the open lawn area where the kids have been playing .
i stop in front of the windows and look out on the back yard , the fire pit and lounge where we made love in the middle of the night , the grassy lawn that 's just starting to turn deep green , and i know in my heart that this is where i want to be .
two of the neighbors are mowing their lawns .
he runs across the lawn to the patio as if a linebacker is on his heels .
fazire watched as she walked down the sloping lawn to hide herself in the trees at the bottom by the curve of the gravelled lane .
i did this mostly because the back of the room was made up of windows , which had a fabulous view of a flawless green lawn that had pots and flower beds filled with vibrant color and greenery , and beyond that , a massive , tranquil lake , one of many in indiana .
she worked at the garden center in brownsburg but also maintained a few personal clients ' lawns and gardens .
it was broad daylight but it was cold , overcast , the air heavy with an impending rain that was going to be chilly - no one was out barbequing , mowing their lawn , gardening , playing with their dogs .
` ` you gon na heal all my family 's wounds on your front lawn , boy ? ''
she sold it all , lawn furniture , craft and hobby stuff , pet supplies , not just plants .
even though he mowed the lawn , erected a tent and stood at the grill for the last two hours and she 'd probably been planning this for weeks and preparing for days , doing the grocery shopping , cooking and running around , they were locked in a standoff as to who was going to replenish the drink coolers .
then she let out of a plume of smoke and stared out at my lawn .
the lawn was just lawn but i 'd fertilized it and put weed killer on it and it looked brilliant , rich green , thick and lush .
` ` you call him joe , he belongs to you , '' she whispered and before i could say anything or have a reaction to her words other than that feeling of being punched in the stomach , she turned and gracefully ran on the toes of her fancy , shiny , platform pumps across my lawn and around the house .
he 'd have been pissed she was working in her yard without him at home next door but he also saw colt mowing his lawn , so he knew she was safe .
but you could see in the small ditch that delineated their property where her lawn stopped and his started .
smack in the middle of it , there was a yellow farmhouse with white woodwork , a wraparound porch and a red barn with green lawn all around , some graveled drives , a white gazebo with wisteria growing from it , a grape arbor heavy with vines .
there was intricate , lacy woodwork in the corners of the posts holding up the porch roof ; the lawn looked like mine , green and healthy ; and the pristine rows filled with the wide leaves of the growing corn , both spiky and bowed , all of it exquisitely cared for and cultivated showed these farmers loved their home , their farm , the pride went deep and it was amazing to behold .
i lifted up my torso and he pulled me off the step , walking me through his lawn to my mustang .
bobbie had some lawn furniture that almost matched mine and there was a loveseat - style piece so i decided , since i did n't have to pay a mortgage anymore , and since i liked sitting outside with joe , our knees cocked , feet to the railing , i was going to buy it .
joe stood staring at the word in my lawn .
ca n't have that word bleached into the lawn , '' joe answered .
this was an option which held merit since i did n't want bea and gary to see the lawn like that and worry .
but after the care i 'd taken with my lawn , it was n't one i liked overly much .
* * * * * i stared out the window at daniel hart 's beautiful lawn and garden .
pictures of him mowing the lawn .
* * * * * at five to six , colt met sully on the lawn of denny lowe 's house .
the green clipped lawns .
there were flowers here , there and everywhere , willy - nilly , on the house , on the cobbles , in the lush , green lawns .
to the front beyond the manicured lawn , a dark green , thriving forest as far as the eye could see .
they were nothing but borders and large circles of overturned dirt with enormous empty urns in the middle surrounded by still - green lawns .
colin 's eyes searched for sibyl and found her , two terraces up , racing in a patch of lawn with flower , three younger boys and jemma 's two children .
he was sitting in a lawn chair with his legs stretched out in front of him , hank , malcolm and ally sitting with him .
he watched me cross the lawn and did n't move a muscle .
marianne meyer was sitting on my front step playing with a baby and andrea was chasing after a toddler who was streaking across my side of the lawn while two more of her kids were rolling around in the grass looking like they were trying to kill each other .
it 's so hot and they 'd love it , '' andrea shouted from across the lawn , struggling to get a pair of shorts on the streaker .
their side of the lawn was lush , green and manicured , the edges that butted our brick walkways were cut precisely .
my side of the lawn was also mowed and had clean and cut borders but only because stevie did it .
hank was alternately hosing down andrea 's monsters and watering my fuchsia and lawn .
we 'd seen each other at a couple of parties and once spent hours drunk in lawn chairs trying to decipher the hidden meaning to the words to don mclean 's ` ` american pie '' .
luke nodded , jogging beside him then separating , beginning to move across the lawn of the house next to cordova 's , heading toward the back .
i stared at them , stunned speechless at the fact that mrs . stark seemed to be intent on holding an impromptu woman 's talk show on a stranger 's lawn .
they pul ed the gurney up to its ful height and wasted not a second in rushing it in a rol across the lawn , the drive and into the ambulance .
a clean , tidy , well - established , family neighborhood with clean , tidy , well - kept houses with clean , tidy , well - kept lawns and moderately - priced vehicles lining the street .
` ` she wanted a nine - to - five guy who mowed the lawn on the weekends .
i ' m not a nine - to - five guy who mows the lawn on the weekend .
` ` i was thinking a rain dance on the front lawn .
all of christian 's doubts were back full force as he scoured the lawn again .
royce pointed across the lawn to both of their parents , slowly approaching hand in hand .
chapter thirty - five nat i threw on a pair of sweats the following sunday night and ran across the lawn to the guys ' house .
open - air archways and brick paths connected the structures and led to a gurgling fountain in the center of the lawn .
the houses we passed were all low - slung and blocky , with plastic dolphins and hideous greek - style statues dotting their lawns .
` ` do n't you have a lawn you should be decorating ? ''
it was the picture of suburban perfection ; each lawn meticulously edged , each hedge carefully trimmed .
the lush lawn was bordered by white statues and anchored by a huge fountain in the center : a greek god clasping a girl who seemed to become a tree .
greek statues bordered the intricately landscaped lawn , and something about it felt- familiar .
brightly colored picnic blankets burst across the lawn , with the pale , outstretched forms of people wriggling over them like worms in fruit .
noah 's parents ' house ( mansion ) towered over the center of a sprawling green lawn dotted with greek fountains .
i wanted to do cartwheels on the lawn .
i shoved my hands into the center pocket of my hoodie and followed the thin slice of moonlight that seemed to lead right up to the edge of the lawn .
i weaved my way through the few families sitting in the space between us in lawn chairs and on blankets , ice chests filled with beer and soda next to them , until i was standing in front of that abusive girl i could n't get enough of .
an old wooden swing hung from the porch roof on one side ; two lawn chairs were pushed against the side of the house on the other side , with a table situated between them .
lost in the unfamiliar fever that seared her blood , amelia shifted close enough to j feel his body through the thin lawn of her gown .
a fact confirmed when victoria crossed the terrace to grasp her lover 's arm and with nervous glances toward sophia urged him across the lawn toward the side gate .
built of white stone , it was designed along pure , classical lines with massive marble columns and tall windows that overlooked the manicured lawn and distant lake .
turns out that vampires live in huge , elegant estates with iron gates , hidden cameras , vampire security guards , and a freaking lawn that was bigger than most third world countries .
he looked more like a lawn ornament than a knight in shining armor .
then , leading cassie along the edge of the large lake surrounded by brick mansions set like fine jewels among the manicured lawns and formal gardens , he came to a halt behind a boathouse .
a fact that was only reinforced as a male were crossed the manicured lawn with long strides , the glow of his golden eyes visible even from a distance .
there was no mistaking the sprawling , manicured lawn and the honking - huge house , not to mention the energy pulse from a dozen powerful vampires .
sally walked beside her father in silence as they left the manicured lawns of styx 's estate to the narrow band of trees that were beyond the high fences that concealed the house from its distant neighbors .
we chose lawn furniture that would create the feeling of being outdoors .
the moon 's rays shone down on the clearing , allowing me to make out the shadows of three figures sitting in a circle on the lawn .
sean took her hand and brought her over to the table set up in the middle of the lawn beneath the big magnolia tree .
and she wanted more time with him than just five stolen minutes on the high school lawn .
vicki smiled up at him , even more beautiful now than she 'd been all those years ago when they 'd lain together on the high school lawn .
thankfully he did n't jump on any double entendres with that command as she picked up a dog toy and threw it across the lawn .
he sniffed every inch of the lawn and she knew he was searching for a sign that cuddles was still there .
his brothers and sisters and mother and baby niece were all out on the front lawn now .
everyone was ecstatic that zach had convinced heather to take him back , but none more than lori , who had been crowing about her victory on the bet they 'd made to anyone who would listen , while the two dogs - one huge , one tiny - chased each other in circles on the lawn .
thank god she was wearing flats , otherwise she surely would have tripped over her heels and the food would have scattered all over the neatly mowed lawn .
she knew the man 's attentions were thrown around with the discretion of someone seeding a lawn and , even if she liked short men who were tall on conceit , she was n't about to become another name at the end of what was a surprisingly long list .
` ` it 's cold and i ' m not in the habit of letting people freeze solid on my front lawn . ''
all around the building , there were vast , rolling lawns .
the lawn was scruffy .
as he strode off across the patchy spring lawn , she let go of her past and focused on his present , and together , they made good time even though his stride was uneven and he leaned on his cane for support .
the hotel was your typical big - city shindig , looming high over trimmed hedges and a shallow lawn , smack in the center of the business district .
there was that laughing child and a mother far across the lawn , at the park with the benches .
see , his vehicle hit one of those flatbeds that carries lawn equipment ?
` ` what about ... like , the lawn care ?
it was seventy - five in the sun , and the air smelled like fresh - cut grass , because the lawn men had come that morning .
` ` ... would you know my name ... '' the lawn was a bright spring green , and the sky as brilliant and resonant a blue as a cathedral 's stained glass .
except as a sixteen - year - old got out of the car and trudged up the front lawn , jim relaxed- ` ` chillie ! ''
boy , her sister would love this place , the furniture all a mystery because it was shrouded , the faded oriental rug big as a lawn , the dark wood molding carved so deeply it was like a horizontal statue running around the high ceiling .
` ` i feel rather helpless , '' he murmured , as he looked over the undulating lawn .
had n't been aware he could do that until he 'd found himself back - flatting on heaven 's lawn .
far across the lawn , off in the distance , a cloud had gathered close to the ground , something the size of a car or truck .
small , low to the ground , and scruffy as a floor mop , it was seated on the broad stretch of lawn and staring right at her .
turned out the garage was an open single bay stuffed full of an incalculable amount of lawn equipment and carpentry machines and automobiles that must have come from the fifties .
counting the numbers down , he pulled over in front of a white clapboard with clipped bushes , a tended - to lawn and a detached garage out in back .
devina was standing out on the lawn , right underneath the streetlamp , the glow around her an unholy one , rather than anything thrown by that light .
standing on the lawn of the great cathedral , she felt like the ghost she was , the few stragglers who were arriving for her funeral not noticing her presence - or that of the angel who stood beside her .
he 'd gotten both from nigel 's tent across the lawn .
it was as if someone had dropped an ink bomb on the property - only it had frozen in place on the free fall , forming a blanket around everything : on the far side of the transparent curtain of red , she could see the ugly lawn , the noontime sun , the sidewalk and the street ... as well as jim standing off to the left , his palm raised and glowing even brighter , as if it were the source of the illumination .
the shadows were growing long out on the lawn when sissy got to the last page of the book from hell .
storm clouds gathered in her wake as she landed on the front lawn of the property he rented , and she rushed for the front door- the barrier she hit was a brick wall that did n't exist , an invisible , impenetrable force field that repelled her so hard , she fell back on her ass .
but colin had made his position known on that with a shake of his head back in that parlor- off in the distance , across the rolling green lawns , a figure in white appeared and grew closer ... and nigel 's breath stopped in his throat .
the shit made him remember back to how out of touch he 'd been when he 'd finally maneuvered himself free of xops : he 'd known only that he was done with the whole killing - for - the - government thing ; he had n't thought much about being a civilian , or what a simple joy it was to get in your four - year - old car and leave your two - thousand - square - foot ranch and drive three - point - three miles to your local home depot or lowe 's and buy a cocktail of lawn fertilizer , a new hammer , and weatherstripping for your back door .
he was standing on the lawn about three feet away , still in what he 'd been wearing when they 'd left .
his boots crunched on broken glass - not from the windows as they had blown out onto the lawn , but because of the mirrors and lamps that had cracked from the change in pressure before being consumed by the portal .
when she hit the lawn , she looked up , way up , to the attic .
` ` welcome , edward ... '' with permission from him , the angel materialized on the lawn beside him ... and it was rather good to see the chap .
he led the way across the lawn , striding by the table that was already set for afternoon tea , though that repast was as yet hours away .
here in this rich part of town , where the tax base was as broad as the rolling lawns , you 'd better believe that another one of those house - size yellow muni plows was going to come by right before dawn .
as v started talking about the suv 's future as lawn sculpture , qhuinn nearly blew a kiss at his buddy .
he felt curiously unplugged from it all , as if he were watching a team of males move some heavy furniture or perhaps rake a lawn .
his biggest problem remained missing the back lawn .
the airplane finally met an inanimate object it could n't get the best of : the shed that was used to keep some of the lawn equipment and gardening supplies in at the very rear of the garden .
the scream carried all the way across the glowing blue lawn as , up at the terrace , a lone figure shot out into the snow at a dead run .
manger scenes placed prominently on tiny front lawns were spotlit , and there were also fat white snowmen with red scarves and blue pants that glowed from within .
grand houses , the kind that were set back on lawns that looked like carpets , began to crop up , their low , loose stone walls quaintly crumbling at the sides of the road .
she entered at the front right corner of the lawn , stepping up on the perennial low wall , and then resuming her course .
the seven- or eight - acre lawn gradually rose toward a fifteen- to twenty - thousand - square - foot stone house , modernist sculptures sitting like blind , shiny sentries on the approach , the gardens sprawling out in the back .
and then she started across the lawn proper , moving even faster than she had before , to the point where she was literally racing toward the house .
after the effort of covering that stretch of lawn so quickly , she was breathing heavily , but her cardiovascular system recovered fast - a sign of her overall health and strength .
and thank f**k for that : across the overgrown , snow - covered lawn , in the main dormitory on the ridge , nearly fifty lessers were sleeping the sleep of the dead .
coming up the side lawn , he went over to the floor - to - ceiling windows of the very receiving room into which the master of the house had , not so very long ago , welcomed certain members of the council ... along with the band of bastards .
there was a scramble of messy footfalls disturbing the snow , the trail crossing the lawn to the street in a diagonal pattern .
a fine command , indeed - and yet it was several minutes before he could calm himself enough to focus and dematerialize from the front lawn .
his destination was an estate in west point , new york , a venerable old stone house that was set back on acres of lawn .
assuming form at the lowest corner of the vast front lawn , he masked himself in the line of trees that bordered the estate 's far edges .
` ` sola ... '' he whispered as he dematerialized onto the snow - covered lawn .
there were no lawn care apparatuses therein , no mowers , or weeders , or rakes .
locked in thoughts of him , she kept on strolling , proceeding past the scribing center , down the lawn to the dormitories , and then farther onward until she approached the forested boundary that , if entered , magically spit you out in exactly the same place you had walked into .
the hidden cemetery was bracketed on all sides by an arbor , the knoll purposely shut off from view by a netting of leaves that was verdant and thick as a vertical lawn .
closing his eyes , he dematerialized and re - formed on a snow - covered lawn that was easily as big as a city park - and just as carefully maintained .
thirty - eight it was an hour past sundown when abalone left his home , dematerializing off his side lawn .
` ` thank you '' was rather more like ` ` fuck you , '' he thought as he dematerialized through the flimsy front door and reappeared upon the lawn .
walking down onto the snow - covered lawn and away from the glow of the house , she found the boots she had snagged from the back hall to be warm , solid and comfy .
as the voices of the aristocrats mixed and grew louder , he and his soldiers dematerialized out onto the front lawn .
reassuming form in his usual spot on the side lawn , he was relieved to see a light on in that back bedroom of hers - and nowhere else .
settling into a lawn chair , she groaned as every joint she had , and some she did n't know about , let out a holler .
getting up from the lawn chair , she went back inside , and as she paused to shut the door , she looked at the sliding glass ... and remembered that first floor of assail 's house .
and it was n't the sight of anything - as she searched the landscape behind her , seeing scruffy bushes , another condo development , some kind of a lawn , a pool ... there was nothing that moved .
i could already hear the base booming before we reached the lawn .
smoke was billowing from keaton and terrified students were running across the lawn .
as i ran across the lawn , my boots sloshed on the saturated grass .
after classes , i trudged through the muddy lawn to the smurf and froze when i saw t.j . leaning against the side of the bed of the jeep , tapping on his phone .
` ` i am- '' ` ` are you guys going to stand out on my front lawn the whole day ? ''
i did n't even have to have my eyes open to picture every detail of that house and lawn .
i stared out at the vast expanse of green lawns and flower beds .
the car glided through a gate in a brick wall covered with ivy , and the world outside transformed into a lush green lawn that seemed to go on forever .
leaving the uprooted weeds abandoned in the middle of the lawn , i brushed the dirt off her knees and half carried her into the house , wishing with all my might that she never had to go in the first place .
next to the sidewalk , i could see the bare patch of dirt in the garden and the pile of weeds still sitting on the lawn .
she remembered sitting outside on the lawn , talking to him for half the night when they first met .
inside the gates , preston glimpsed beautifully manicured trees , lawns and flower beds , as well as several elegant buildings .
he passed some fancy brickwork , a built - in grill , lawn furniture .
she 'd stayed in the same high school even after the kids had started taunting her and doing vengeful things , like throwing eggs and oranges at the house or writing ` ` murderer '' in the lawn with bleach .
lawrence howell , the manager of sunset lawn funeral home and memorial park , had helped make the arrangements .
i thought i could mow the lawn and maybe trim some of the bushes while you and brianna handled the weeds . ''
then she rounded the house , opened the gate and stared out over the wide expanse of lawn dotted with ivy - covered trees .
the thick clouds that had been covering the moon had rolled away and her shadow now fell across the lawn , looking strangely grotesque , like someone sneaking up on her from behind .
her mother either fretted at her elbow , trying to defend ellis at every opportunity , or fawned over caleb , who 'd been nice enough to mow the lawn and fix the fence while they were there .
` ` you might have mowed my mother 's lawn and suffered through my old photo album , but do n't think that 's going to change my mind , '' she said as they turned left onto the highway .
caleb stepped aside to let him pass , but his gaze followed his brother - in - law across the lawn , and his expression was n't a happy one .
she pointed to the kitchen window , the one that faced the cottage instead of the front lawn , and caleb shifted to get a better look .
` ` hi , caleb , '' she called and ran over the lawn to give him a big hug .
madison waited her turn for a hug from brianna , then crossed the wet lawn to collect brianna 's bag from danny .
but it was so nice of him to mow the lawn .
caleb had promised madison 's brother forty dollars if he 'd mow the lawn and trim the bushes .
he did n't notice the car that turned down his street until it drove up onto his lawn and three white men , all of them wearing beanies and overlarge sweatshirts , jumped out .
eddie asked as they ran up over the sidewalk and spun out , tearing up his lawn .
he rolled her garbage can to the curb if she forgot to set it out , mowed her lawn when he mowed his , bought enough fresh strawberries to share ( he 'd once overheard her telling her son that she loved fresh strawberries ) .
as guilty and disloyal as it made him feel , he 'd wanted her almost from the first day he saw her , watering her lawn wearing that pretty summer dress and no shoes .
but for the first couple of years after amber rose died , she could ' ve run naked across his lawn and it would n't have raised his pulse by one beat .
peter had walked across the lawn and was on the passenger side .
she was sitting on a metal fold - out chair , since her lawn furniture had been taken from the house .
she blinked , then peered out at the lawn and beyond , as if she still was n't convinced .
` ` and that 's a long flight of stairs - not to mention that you had to cross the lawn first . ''
` ` no problem , '' he murmured , but she 'd already climbed out and was limping across the lawn .
the cinder - block retaining wall separating the lawn mower shop from lovett 's bridal .
a door slammed and she lowered her voice because baxter 's neighbor had come out to water his lawn .
dog piles - or bleached grass where dog piles had disintegrated with time - dotted the dry , brittle lawn .
he stared across her father 's carefully manicured lawn toward the cinder - block fence .
after taking a second to gather her resolve , cheyenne followed her sister across the lawn to the front door .
madeline 's eyes moved over the sweeping lawns and immaculate gardens , which looked even more perfect beneath the glow of a full moon .
he stared out over madeline 's front lawn without really seeing anything .
the porch light on chief mccormick 's long brick rambler glowed yellow across the sloping lawn , but the rest of the house was dark .
evelyn was wearing a bathrobe and slippers , but dale was dressed in the clothes he wore to mow the lawn .
he 'd just finished edging the lawn .
she pictured herself as a young girl , sleeping on the front lawn with her younger sister , molly , and her older stepsister , madeline .
` ` want me to mow your lawn ?
` ` are you old enough to handle a lawn mower all on your own ? ''
well , since a lawn mower was n't one of the items left behind by evonne 's family , i think you ' ve got yourself a job . ''
drawing a deep breath , grace crossed the lawn to give her a hug .
with a final wave , she set off across the porch , her heels clacking on the wooden boards until she reached the lawn .
she gave me an extra dollar for pulling weeds and said i could mow the lawn in a few days . ''
` ` okay , you can mow the lawn , but do n't go inside the house . ''
when she peered through the window , she saw him back up and spin out on her lawn before disappearing down the street .
shoving his hands in his pockets , he jerked his head toward the deep ruts he 'd noticed in the lawn just before he 'd seen the campaign signs .
` ` someone gave you a lawn job last night . ''
` ` in that case , why do n't we spread a blanket under the trees and eat out on the back lawn ? ''
and eating on the back lawn was probably okay .
i gave my permission for him to mow her lawn . ''
teddy asked , setting his lawn chair as close to grace 's as he could .
grace would n't have done it , except he 'd said he 'd mow the lawn in exchange for any that were left over at the end of the day , and she wanted him to have them .
she had n't expected kennedy archer 's son to be allowed to get dirty or rip out his knees or mow other people 's lawns .
` ` teddy and heath were at her place just this morning , '' she went on , ` ` sitting out on the lawn selling soap and cookies and whatever else . ''
madeline hopped out of her jeep , giving teddy and heath a smile as she strode onto the lawn .
she was obviously too busy admiring the campaign sign teddy had hammered into the lawn .
grace stared across the lawn and garden , thinking that what had happened to them could ' ve happened to almost any family .
he had n't shaved yet , but he 'd decided to edge the lawn before the sun grew too hot .
` ` come on , '' he said and led her onto the lawn .
kennedy dragged a severed vine to the pile he was creating on the lawn .
an officer crossed the lawn and strolled up , frowning over some notes he 'd been taking on a clipboard .
her father watered at night so the hot arizona sun would n't scorch the lawn .
she was handcuffed to the riding lawn mower , and her feet were tied .
tiffany crossed the lawn .
if you got it , you would n't be able to work or -- or mow your lawn or -- '' ` ` i have to work .
his neighbors were probably getting impatient , but the lawn would have to wait another few days .
` ` have you checked out the postman , the meter reader , the lawn service , the pool service -- anyone who had a reason to go there on a regular basis ? ''
he 'd started a side business via the internet , selling lawn decorations he fashioned out of scrap metal and made to look like animals .
nudging a rock out of the dirt , he tossed it across the clearing and listened to it land somewhere near the shed that housed his tools and lawn equipment .
cain was just cutting across the lawn to the street when he succumbed to the inner voice that told him he was squandering a fabulous opportunity .
he hesitated on the front lawn , eyeing the metal dinosaur his stepfather had made not long ago , trying to decide .
as cain watched , a toyota prius came down the street shown via a camera filming john 's front lawn .
i once earned ten bucks mowing ms . stevens 's lawn , '' he said .
cain had wanted to open up and share what had really happened the afternoon ms . stevens had invited him over to mow her lawn .
he hesitated on the front lawn .
i 'll talk to you later , '' she muttered and left him standing on the lawn , staring after her .
robert pointed to a grainy figure crossing the front lawn .
then she told the man she 'd show him her cartwheel on the lawn , and they 'd gone out .
jasmine glanced up to find mrs . moreau standing out on the front lawn , watching them with her hands propped on her hips .
jasmine thought of the neighbor out cleaning his lawn .
in the second , a mr . and mrs . harold simmons had sued the burkes for throwing acid on their lawn .
there , she heard a similar story about how a conflict over some trees had provoked oliver into ruining their front lawn .
he 'd also ridden , several times , past the point where he 'd first seen skye sitting in a lawn chair outside her apartment , remembering how he 'd waved and she 'd smiled in response ... . ` ` you want to make love ? ''
the neighbor demanded , jogging across the lawn to catch him before he could enter the house .
pulling her gaze away from the silver sheen of wet pavement that lay beyond her big , sloping front lawn , she extricated herself from bailey , who padded after her as she answered the phone in the kitchen .
there are junkers sitting all over the front lawn . ''
she 'd listed the day they had garbage pickup , directions to the grocery store and post office , even the number to ernie 's lawn and garden maintenance .
her ex - husband paced across the front lawn for a few minutes .
celeste crossed over to him , walking gingerly because her high heels kept sinking into the wet lawn .
` ` isaac 's here , mowing the lawn .
gabe glanced across the lawn , expecting lazarus to come charging back to him , and saw him chasing another squirrel .
mr . mcdermott , her neighbor across the street , was outside watering his lawn .
at least here in town she could admire the christmas lights and the plastic santas and wire reindeer that adorned so many snow - covered lawns .
even when she was only five or six , she 'd stand on her front lawn and wait for him to come by on his bicycle while he was delivering papers .
she wanted to press him for details , but as they turned into the farm , their headlights swung across the snow - covered lawn and she saw someone sitting on the porch swing , hunched against the cold .
ever since he 'd broken the police chief 's sprinkler system by peeling out on his lawn when he was visiting dundee at fifteen and driving hatty 's car , chief clanahan had n't liked him .
` ` just put them on the lawn , '' he told her .
she was worried about her furniture , which was still sitting on the lawn of her old rental house because she and booker had been too exhausted to deal with moving it again tonight .
with a tip of his black cowboy hat , he even had the audacity to flash her that crooked grin of his - the one that showed the dimple in his right cheek - as though he had n't left her furniture sitting out , unprotected , on the lawn .
` ` he left my furniture on the lawn ! ''
she muttered , cutting across the wide front lawn to let herself in .
that she was nothing special , after all , just the girl from across the street who 'd poured bleach on his lawn when they were in junior high ?
somehow it seemed as though a family with josh hill was all she 'd ever wanted - even when she 'd been pouring bleach on his lawn .
` ` remember that time when you two were still in high school and she wrote ' josh sucks ' with bleach on your lawn ? ''
conner crossed the lawn , put an arm around her and , even with grady , ben , isaiah , dottie and roy looking on , lifted her chin with one finger .
` ` you look like hell , '' he said while he carried her paper across the lawn .
` ` what a monster , '' she murmured , but was this monster the same man who 'd sat in her lawn chair last night throwing rocks at her window ?
the shadows of the trees lengthened on the lawn as daylight faded to darkness .
her father came around the front of the car and was the first to start across the lawn .
it cut through the summer heat like the searing blue flame of a welding torch as he watched her approach from where he sat in a cheap plastic lawn chair , while his son played on a tire swing that hung from the same kind of rope dean had brought to her house .
what with all his money going to support his wife and kids - two households now - leonard taylor had had to sell his riding lawn mower and all his saws and power tools .
she 'd grabbed her gun and started across the lawn before realizing that it would n't do him or rafe any good if she walked into a bullet .
moonlight fell gently on the front lawn , which smelled of freshly mowed grass .
a porch swing , two rocking chairs , four patio chairs , a lawn mower , and half of the regular dining room chairs were further tucked in with expert precision .
i arranged some lawn chairs around an outdoor table and lit some more candles to make a smoking parlor .
i sighed , slumping in a lawn chair .
i 'd mowed a zillion lawns to save up for a winter - break trip to miami .
i show ben where to step to avoid tripping on the peeling tarpaper as we make our way toward the two lawn chairs that candy and i hauled up years ago .
i tug ben away from the edge and over to a cardboard box that i ' ve set up in front of the lawn chairs .
and there was no way i could sneak across the open lawn without someone seeing me before i had a chance to help .
their neighbors had a nanny and a cleaning lady , a lawn guy , a pool guy , and a dog groomer who made house calls .
neal mowed their lawn .
he shoved his hands in his hip pockets and looked out at the lawn .
neal mowing the lawn .
the houses were beautiful , mostly two stories with nicely manicured lawns .
the bushes needed to be trimmed and there were a few bare spots in the lawn .
the smell of the fresh cut grass in central park reminds me of back home right after the landscapers mowed the lawn .
i lead rhea outside and down the lawn that splits our childhood homes .
while the versteegs occasionally spent christmas at idlewilde - mr . versteeg had earned his pilot 's license and bought a single - engine helicopter to get up the mountain , since most roads were snow - packed and closed until springtime - they used it almost exclusively as a summer home , and had installed an apron of lawn with a hot tub , badminton court , and fire pit nestled between lounge chairs .
korbie and i were finally old enough to sleep outside alone , and mr . versteeg helped us pitch a tent on the deep green lawn behind idlewilde .
lawn has turned to weeds .
two figures swaddled in red , and wearing white helmets , darted across idlewilde 's snowy lawn .
or maybe that was to deter the news reporters camped on their lawn .
i had always been afraid of walking through the park at night , but soon there we were , well past midnight in the middle of the great lawn , having all that space to ourselves , feeling free enough to make out , but trying to keep on as much clothing as possible .
you were lost in our tales of the berkshires and the long , unappreciative stretches we 'd spent on the tanglewood lawn .
max ambled over to a lawn chair in the far corner and sprawled in it , giving us plenty of space to practice .
dana set up a couple more lawn chairs , making me wonder why she did n't go in the house .
nash was rule 's best friend and currently living with the mountain of doom and gloom i was sitting next to on the lawn .
loud male voices exchanged ugly words , and we all held a collective breath when rule reached up and shoved rome back a step , knocking over the lawn chair .
he was sprawled out in a lawn chair next to the grill , and he and rule were alternately arguing about the best way to grill steaks and drinking beer .
i spun around on my chair , and sure enough rome was zonked out on the lawn chair .
` ` glad i ' m not mowing my grandma 's lawn , '' i said , enjoying the natty light buzz that was settling on me .
he peered over at kurt morelli who had stopped mowing the lawn and had his hands on his hips and was just staring out at nothing .
the lawn is so big that it takes us twenty minutes to get to the beach .
i want to lay tiny out on the big lawn and make love to her under the moon and stars until she 's full of my seed and replete from my attentions .
i do n't say anything as i follow him across the small strip of lawn on the other side of the fence until we reach the side of the car where the girl is dancing .
but i keep busy , reading out in the front yard , tanning out in the front yard , even going as far as mowing the lawn , just so i can watch dylan work on his car , occasionally checking out his ass and anything else i can get my eyes on .
i 'd been mowing the lawn when he finally came out of the house , and so i ' m sweaty and gross , but i did n't want to walk away , afraid i 'd miss the chance to talk to him if i did .
` ` you mean the one that 's been the cause of you over - mowing my front lawn . ''
i slip it on as i cross the lawn and wind around the fence to dylan 's driveway .
i carefully open the window and pour the ashes out onto the back lawn .
sparkling across the back lawn of lila and ethan 's home is over a thousand white , twinkling lights that spell out will you marry me ?
the strangest part , though , is that there 's a small inflatable santa on the front lawn that looks like he 's waving at me .
` ` if you beat me through the sprinkler , '' my best friend micha shouts from across the front lawn of his house , ` ` i 'll let you have the last piece of cake . ''
he shouts as he zigzags across the front lawn .
then we follow them to the front lawn where i see my dad .
lea points at the house at the end of the cul - de - sac , a decent single - story stucco home with a garage , and a lawn in front of it .
she gets out to let me drive and tenses as her eyes meet jaxon 's and jaxon freezes in the middle of the frosted lawn .
zack is standing in the middle of the lawn and a few feet in front of the conner guy , who 's now chatting with some other person from the party .
he asks as we cross the lawn and head down the sidewalk toward zack 's house .
` ` shh ... '' i point outside to where mason is twirling around on the front lawn .
` ` but tristan told me i should run around as fast as i can to get my energy out before the car ride , '' mason replies as his tiny legs continue to move him around and around the length of the front lawn .
i cut across the lawn in front of someone 's house and ungracefully hop the fence , taking a short cut down a narrow alley .
i pause on the sidewalk right before i step onto the lawn , fear and anger blasting through me that she 's doing this again .
i hurry across the busy campus , yellow and brown leaves crunching under my boots as i stomp across the lawn , telling myself i ' m not going back even though i agreed .
they show me this silver bracelet they found on the lawn , asking me if i can identify it .
laughter sputters from my lungs as i veer to the right and try to race across the snowy lawn , but it 's chilly enough that the snow is freezing the moment it touches the ground , making it slippery and complicated to run on .
invisible ink , encoded messages , and the night before , i could have sworn i 'd seen someone in a cheerleading skirt standing on my front lawn , surveying the house , and now ... ` ` you want me to be a cheerleader ? ''
i asked , but since tiffany 's hand was still firmly in place over my mouth , it came out sounding more like a meow / lawn mower hybrid than actual english words .
she just dragged me from the house , out onto callum 's front lawn .
an eerie silence descended on the lawn , only to be broken a moment later by a horrible wail , an inhuman sound drowned out by howls and snapping teeth and the sound of flesh tearing like velcro .
what if we could have a house and a lawn and a life together , forever ?
while looking to my left , i watched a helicopter landing on my parent 's front lawn .
i followed his eyes across the lawn to a blonde looking down and talking to a boy that was about the age of addy .
he 'd been around long enough to know that alcohol and my family usually meant for late night brawls on the front lawn .
my dad had this pair of jeans that he mowed the lawn in .
in a yard behind ours , a man was mowing the lawn .
chapter 50 i wanted to make a scene on the front lawn , so that brooks or anyone would come to my rescue .
they had a heated fight on the front lawn and charlotte called the police .
since the little town paper was usually a freebie to only the town people , i managed to grab as many copies off of lawns as i could .
i sat down on a lawn chair and ran my hands through my hair .
i came there for a talk , and now we were rolling around on the front lawn , getting in as many punches to each other as we could .
green grass still rolled over the smooth lawns , despite the october chill .
classes were over for the day , and except for a few kids going to and from the library , the grassy lawn was deserted .
kids stood around the fire , laughing , talking , and giggling , while others sat in lawn chairs or huddled together under blankets on the stone steps .
normally , i would have enjoyed the silence and watching the squirrels hop from branch to branch in the trees that towered over the lush lawn .
a cold breeze gusted across the lawn , bringing the fall chill with it , along with the faintest bite of winter .
al of the buildings were made out of old , dark , gray stone covered with curling coils of ivy , and every single one of the perfectly manicured lawns sported a thick layer of grass , despite the cold .
there did n't seem to be anyone lurking on the dorm 's lawn , but then again , it was pitch - black outside now .
now , i 'd learned there was also a prison hidden somewhere amid the gray stone buildings , manicured lawns , and lifelike statues .
my eyes scanned the lawn below , and it took me several seconds to spot inari 's thin figure .
i got ready for the day and peeked out the window at the lawn , but inari was n't in sight .
aiko , a thin , petite , twentysomething ninja , was leaning against a tree on the lawn below , just like she had been ever since i 'd come back to my room an hour ago .
it almost sounded like she was jogging across a lawn or something .
i imagined that all of the lawns would be as smooth , green , and manicured as they were at mythos , except for the fact that they were buried under a couple of inches of snow right now .
the sun had gone down while we 'd been in the basement , and shadows now cloaked the lush lawns and spread out from the base of the bare , leafless trees like black blood slowly oozing over everything .
oliver had parked the suv outside the entrance to a fancy subdivision , the sort of place where each house took up three acres and was then surrounded by five more acres of lawn and woods .
being dragged out on an endless lawn to smack a ball and walk eight miles to do it again was so not on her bucket list .
a gorgeous blue and violet creature strolled elegantly past them and toward the back of the manicured lawn .
two screaming little girls came tearing across the lawn at high speed .
maria tore off across the lawn .
her gaze narrowed on something across the lawn .
the signal indicates that it 's northwest of my position , but as i look to the northwest , i see only a well - manicured lawn .
he tried to pin him to the ground but gregor grasped his shirt and tossed him across the lawn .
the spotlight lost us as i wove in between houses and darted over lawns , but i could see officers in the distance , a huge group of them dispersing on the streets .
he dove for the ground as the blast blew out the back of the little wooden shack , engulfing the lawn , and him , in flames .
i scurried across the lawn to the next one , and the next one , listening for silence .
the houses were smaller than i would have thought , but clean and well kept , without any of the trash that littered the lawns in rosa 's slums .
adina was at the front door of the house , knocking as i silently hurried across the lawn .
reboots ran across the lawn and officers lay unconscious on the ground .
bullets pinged the door and i squinted out the window to see a few straggler harc officers staggering across the lawn .
it smells ... of freshly mowed lawn .
i almost remember helping my mother mow our lawn thirteen years ago .
the sparkling fountains and impossibly green lawns that graced the office tower looked like an artificial oasis .
a green lawn rolled down a gentle incline to the water 's edge .
together they hauled him out onto the front step and down onto the lawn .
there was a tangle of hoses on the lawn , a lot of flashing lights from the emergency vehicles and a great deal of water in the street .
if any of callahans ever showed themselves on her lawn again , she would meet them with a rifle in her hands .
the young schnauzer seized the ball in his jaws and kept going , heading for the open lawn at full speed .
sullivan watched the pack of dogs and children race across the lawn in pursuit of the renegade tycoon .
old texas oaks spread their wide canopies over the grassy lawn , sprayed with drops of yellow dandelions and pink buttercups .
an equally shorn lawn lay on the right , a curving drive cutting through it to permit access to a one - story brick building .
rogan halted in the middle of the lawn .
they sprinted , zigzagging through the labyrinthine streets , past overgrown lawns , past an abandoned playground , where small things with round red eyes clutched at the jungle gym with sharp claws , past office buildings , and burst into a park .
across the water the green insects crawled over the stone benches , perched on lamp posts , and combed the weeds of the once perfectly cut lawn .
me : oh , you know , back at the house , mowing the lawn .
studying the empty spot he had left , she headed to the door to collect the clothes scattered about the lawn .
he entered sabrina 's lawn , noticing the whole house had remained cloaked in darkness .
she made it halfway across the lawn before she tripped and landed on her knees .
` ` maybe if my loving man had n't left me alone on the lawn , he would n't have left room for another to sweep in and comfort me . ''
she 'd reached halfway across the lawn when she slid to a stop .
beyond the lawn , a road ran into the distance , and on the other side , the edge woods rose , dense , nourished by magic .
* * * the two girls stood at the edge of the lawn .
at the edge of the lawn , kenny jo ogletree jumped out of a beat - up chevy truck .
charlotte went outside , crossed the lawn , and got into the truck .
eleonore hurried across the lawn .
the men surrounded the lawn .
tulip burst out of the door and onto the lawn .
the magic shot across the lawn , sticking to the thug with the gun and splashing to the other three men near him , surrounding them like a swarm of dark bats .
charlotte jerked the truck into park , shoved the door open , and ran across the lawn .
at the edge of the lawn , daisy 's body lay on her stomach .
malcolm rooney walked across the lawn to her .
a beautiful manor lay before them , three stories of beige stone walls , arched windows , and a grand cascade of pale stairs rolling onto the green lawn .
sophie stood on the lawn .
the child on the lawn looked at her with an almost canine expectation , like sophie was some half - starved puppy and charlotte held a steak in her hand .
she had felt so helpless standing there , on that lawn , watching eleonore 's remains smolder as the ash rained on tulip 's hair .
the two teenagers took off down the wide white stairs toward the pool gleaming in the middle of the lawn .
if any of the callahans ever showed themselves on her lawn again , she would meet them with a rifle in her hands .
william 's house sat in the middle of a vast grassy lawn , bordered by ancient ashes and oaks .
jack left the tree line , crossed the lawn , and stood in front of the arched entrance , letting william catch his scent .
she ran across the lawn to the front door , unlocked it , and ducked inside .
a boy stepped out from behind the tree across the lawn .
the boy dropped ling , and she streaked across the lawn and hid behind audrey 's legs , hissing and spitting .
the man thrust his placard into the lawn and joined the end of the line .
click here for more books by this author epilogue the wyvern landed on the front lawn .
george started walking across the lawn .
george walked across the lawn .
the house perched on the green lawn next to a lovely lake .
whatever spike was thinking about took him to the front window to look out at the lawn that was fading to brown for the coming winter .
beyond an empty lot , which was purposely left derelict , shiftertown unrolled in streets of neat lawns and well - kept bungalows .
the expanse of lawn had been commandeered for the garden party , with seats and little tables scattered about , pathways lined with ribbon , a croquet set being brought out by the footmen .
sir richard , a short and lean man with dark hair going to gray and an arrogant manner , seemed uneager to set aside his tea and rush across the lawn at louisa 's request .
if he could strip away the layers of her - satin , lawn , lace - and touch her , he knew he 'd fill the gaping hole in his life .
under that was a new lawn shirt , high collar , and cravat .
fellows pushed the petticoats out of the way to find her warm thigh , bare under the lawn of her loose drawers .
beneath she wore combinations , the top part made of thin lawn and lined with an edge of lace at the neck .
william looked past him to where the wood rustled just beyond his lawn .
two small glowing eyes stared at him from under the bush on the edge of his lawn .
gaston gaped at the two - story mansion , situated on a perfectly manicured lawn .
from her perch she could see clear across the lawn to where the trees started .
enormous wings churned the air and the wyvern touched down in the middle of the lawn .
this late , no kids lingered on the lawns , but the houses glowed with light .
tools hung on the walls , an old lawn mower sat in the corner , and the whole place smelled of grass , earth , and oil .
no one who did n't know would understand what the little files and probes were for - to fix the lawn mower , maybe ?
she glanced to the kids on the lawn .
rose made the final turn and paused at the edge of the lawn .
it stood on the edge of the lawn , a thing knitted from shadows and darkness .
a few yards away the blueblood stood at the edge of the lawn .
the blade shone again like a sliver of moonlight , and the second beast 's head bounced off the lawn .
in front of her , wide windows offered the view of the lawn running into shrubs bordering the grass .
he ran to the lawn , leaned forward for a moment , shaking his head , and began to circle the house slowly in that telltale jogger way , walking off the burn in his lungs .
it looked like a sprawling mishmash now , sitting in the middle of a wide lawn and bordered by small flower beds , metal junk , and four old rusted cars , none of which had run in the last five or six years .
the house windows cast off weak light onto the darkness - drenched lawn .
she waited until they cleared the lawn and started down the path to her house , before she spun to him .
` ` tell me , why did n't he change shapes when the hounds were after him on the lawn ?
she turned , thrilled , and saw him striding across the lawn to her .
she went down the steps , crossed the lawn , and went to her truck .
to the left , near the bushes bordering the lawn , foul magic bloomed like a polluted flower , growing from several beast corpses .
no - a man stood in the middle of the lawn , just beyond the ward line .
a sand - n - sun inflatable pool , twelve feet across and about three feet high , sat in the middle of the lawn .
she stared at the lawn .
a kiddie pool was in the middle of the lawn .
on the lawn , william knocked declan to the ground .
liam morrissey had set out lawn chairs for himself and kim , the pair of them sitting together , baby katriona on kim 's lap .
he landed facedown in a lawn of green grass , the blades tickling his nose .
the fur under carly 's hands rapidly became human flesh , and in a few seconds , carly found herself sitting on her damp lawn with her arms around a large , well - muscled , naked man .
beth leaned into his chest , loving the clean scent of his lawn shirt .
beth slid her arms around him and looked past him at the brick house and the sloping green lawn where the family and friends gathered .
mac turned and walked with his brother across the sweeping lawn and down a lane lined with trees .
rich cambric and silk and softest lawn , costly fabrics for a rich man .
across the field , the guests were moving off , being herded by the redheaded isabella up to the lawn .
` ` get me into this game , izzy , '' cameron said when he reached isabella at the edge of hart 's well - groomed lawn .
they both turned to where ainsley stood under a tree across the lawn , the italian count at her side trying to catch her attention .
cameron took the mallet and marched determinedly to the lawn .
she watched in dismay as the bright yellow and white striped sphere rolled merrily to the edge of the lawn and plunged into the undergrowth of the woods .
here in the woods , steps away from the creme de la creme of europe playing croquet on the duke of kilmorgan 's front lawn .
anywhere else in the room , yes - or in the carriage , the summerhouse , or on the front lawn .
the chest of drawers on the other side of the room was more of a lingerie chest - the top drawers held stockings and garters ; the next , camisoles and knickers ; then came a drawer with a corset made of plain lawn , well mended .
` ` did you think i 'd go traipsing across your lawn in satin finery ?
under that , she wore fine lawn drawers , no more worn fabric for his wife .
the handspun wool of the kilt was more valuable than the cashmere coat and lawn shirt put together .
ian and beth took the children down to the lawn to play while mac at last got his brood chivied into place .
her lawn gown was cream colored with thin black piping outlining her bodice , placket , collar , and cuffs , the skirt deeply ruffled down the front .
the silk of the bodice he parted caught on the rough tips of elliot 's fingers , the lawn of the corset cover smooth and embroidered with silk flowers .
the chemise beneath billowed free , its lawn folds as soft as the gown 's silk .
elliot next undid the drawstring of her lawn drawers and tugged them down .
she was soaking wet , her combinations forming to her body , the thin lawn hiding nothing .
she found mahindar in the middle of the lawn , showing children how to throw the balls at the bottles to knock them down .
pipers and fiddlers had come from highforth and the next village ; village men and women had volunteered to help mahindar and his family with cooking and replenishing food and drink ; and many of them joined in the dancing outside on the lawn in the long twilight .
she was elegantly beautiful in her pale lawn gown buttoned all the way up her throat , her hair dressed casually in a twist of curls .
on the ground below , huge orange symbols stretched across the luminescent lawn , a pale yellow glow coating every single blade of grass in a sheath of magic .
landing on the lawn was n't an option .
he swung himself back up on it and walked slowly , arms out , suspended between the glowing orange lawn and the black sky .
a bright , unnaturally yellow flash of light exploded on the lawn .
to the right a two - story house sat on the lawn of green grass .
her loose lawn drawers moved upward under daniel 's skilled touch , until his thumbs brushed the soft skin on her inner thighs .
she let him skim off her drawers , the lawn fluttering like a white flag .
even in winter , hyde park was a vast expanse of lawn dotted with trees , a relief to eyes accustomed to jammed - together gray houses and teeming streets .
she liked regent 's park even better , with its avenues of flowers and sloping lawns , but she could n't get that far north very often .
* the northeastern office of the pack sat on chamblee dunwoody road , well back from the road behind a carefully cut lawn .
` ` it sounds like your car ate a lawn mower , '' she 'd said , traipsing down the front path to greet him .
peter ducked his head and kicked at the tall grasses as they crossed the lawn .
` ` it 's perfect , '' she told him , because after nearly four hours here she would have been happy if he 'd shown up driving a lawn mower .
they 'd known each other for eight whole years , had waved across their lawns and said good morning and occasionally walked to school together .
there were rows upon rows of unmarked headstones fanning out in half - moon shapes , tiling the manicured lawn .
they peered up at the tall spike of the washington monument , stared at the sun - drenched buildings on capitol hill , poked their heads through a fence to gaze past the landscaped lawn stretching up to the white house .
she did n't wait for a response , only turned the handle and stepped out of the car , and peter watched her walk purposefully across the lawn , weaving through the headstones as if she 'd always known the way .
at the edge of the field a wall of trees rose from the untidy lawn , and emma disappeared into their midst , pulling back branches and picking her away along a leaf - covered path .
in the back of the album were a few pictures taken on the front lawn of this very house , of mom and dad each holding one of the twins up to the camera , bundled so that just their noses were visible .
he reached the group first and took a seat in their midst , waiting as emma and peter approached - hand in hand as they crossed the lawn , tired and happy as any two survivors of a great expedition - and then he lifted his head and let out a deep , echoing bark to welcome them home . < br/ > prologue from : sent : thursday , march 7 , 2013 11:33 pm to : to : to : most everyone in town waited eagerly for memorial day , when the seasons clicked forward and the usual three - month frenzy of boaters and fishermen and honeymooners and vacationers invaded .
graham only shrugged as the guy snapped a few half - hearted pictures of him standing alone on the lawn .
nobody wants to wake up to photographers camped out on their front lawn .
and it was clear that they did , their eyes tracking her progress across the lawn .
across the lawn , the band finished their song with a trilling crescendo and then fell silent .
` ` hi , '' he mouthed from across the lawn .
he asked , pointing at a random man dragging a cooler across the lawn .
mug , thinking about heading outside to mow the lawn .
hadley trails after the happy couple as dad shakes hands and charlotte kisses cheeks , occasionally introducing her to people she 'll never remember , repeating names she barely hears - dad 's colleague justin and charlotte 's wayward cousin carrie ; the flower girls , aishling and niamh ; and reverend walker 's portly wife - the whole unfamiliar cast assembled on the lawn like a reminder of all that hadley does n't know about her father .
there on the small patch of lawn is a statue of mary , the one oliver used to get in trouble for climbing with his brothers .
she glances down at her dress , the soft purple too cheerful for the occasion , and is already starting to turn away when she catches sight of oliver across the lawn and her mouth goes dry .
they were trying their best to hold it together , their laughter threatening to bubble over , and from across the lawn , owen just stood there - alone and apart , solemn and heartbroken and hopelessly , endlessly , miserably sad - and it was then that he felt the first pinpricks of doubt that things would ever be normal again .
there was a small patch of lawn and a few scattered trees , a back garden and a narrow front porch , all of it huddled around the tiny box of a house .
chapter four - finn the next afternoon , i stood at the window , watching the snow fall to the snow - covered lawn , and let myself breathe it in .
as i crossed the lawn , i glanced around .
` ` you saw the corpses on the lawn , did n't you ? ''
some tourists came to gibsonton to marvel at the carnival remains decorating many streets , or to see the occasional trained bear , elephant , or other exotic animal on someone 's lawn , but most of them came to stare at the ` ` freaks . ''
` ` you 'll find work gloves , duct tape , and leaf and lawn bags . ''
good thing , too , or it would cost us a fortune in props and incendiary devices , not to mention the damage it would do to the lawn .
you probably love to tell kids to get off your lawn , too . ''
mencheres stood on the darkest part of the lawn , where he 'd be invisible from kira 's sight , and continued to watch her .
he could see her clearly in the dark , but she 'd be almost blind with the lack of lights on the lawn .
they came upon the lawn of the house five minutes later .
i crossed the marble patio to the big back lawn .
when max pulled into the brick driveway in the longest old clunker i had ever seen , i crossed the lawn to meet him .
we drove down a winding , tree - lined road with strictly manicured lush lawns on either side .
i found a parking space - not as easy as it sounded , since it was my first time driving myself to school - and jogged around the building to the front lawn .
i felt like i was on some trashy , staged reality show as i headed for her , like everybody on the lawn was watching me and laughing at me .
` ` yep , '' i laughed , swinging his hand as we walked across the snowy lawn toward the mud room door .
while nick snagged us a lawn chair on the ski lodge deck above the concert , i bought us a couple of hot chocolates - and passed gavin and chloe at the teller machine .
he sat down in the lawn chair and unzipped his parka .
he and mr . vader sat in lawn chairs on the marina dock , holding beers .
bright t - shirts and slinky cleavage - revealing tops dotted the vaders ' lawn and concentrated at the end of the dock .
20 in the garage , balanced on the handle of the seed spreader , looking out of place between the lawn mower and the tiller , was a long - stemmed pink rose .
most likely to wake up on your lawn . ''
i rode to my house , lifting my bike over the front lawn so i would n't crash through the magnolia leaves and wake my dad .
when i was halfway across the lawn , i saw sawyer grinning at me from the cab of his truck .
as we hiked up the lawn to her house , holding hands , will asked the next logical question , knowing me .
i felt a little sick as i laid my bike carefully on the lawn and walked up to the door .
all three of them jumped and then turned to stare at me : alec sprawled in a lawn chair , jake leaning against the nose of the red piper , grayson with both hands in the engine .
but the boys both sat in lawn chairs in front of the red piper and had their heads bent to breakfast in boxes on their laps .
i gazed at grayson in his lawn chair and tried to catch his eye to thank him for the food , but he was absorbed in his own croissant .
he came back from the office , handed me a clipboard with forms attached , sank down into his lawn chair , and took a long sip from a large paper coffee cup with his eyes closed .
he rose from his lawn chair with the default smile on his face .
he squeezed the armrest of his lawn chair so tightly that his knuckles turned white .
it contained the lawn chairs , the sofa , lots of filing cabinets and worktables and equipment , the red piper , the orange piper , and the white four - seater cessna .
carefully i stepped across the lush lawn kept alive artificially by an expensive sprinkler system .
she posed on her lawn , gaping in shock , half the school behind her .
we both sat in lawn chairs .
after he left , i sat in a lawn chair .
we both turned around in our lawn chairs to watch the gorgeous plane until it disappeared into the dim early - morning sky .
erin relaxed in a lawn chair in her daisy dukes , considering the muscular backsides of her three nude bandmates .
laughing together , they passed martin sleeping on the living room couch and walked down the lush lawn to a sandy beach and a pier .
she walked up the pier and across the lawn , toward the house .
` ` owen , '' she called as owen and martin passed carrying the ice chest , blankets , and lawn chairs , but owen kept right on going .
the audience sat on blankets or in lawn chairs radiating outward in the grass .
he sat down in a lawn chair next to martin and watched owen dance with sarah .
he emptied the ice chest and piled her with blankets and a few lawn chairs .
if i spun around in circles , i 'd look like a lawn sprinkler . ''
but this day he kept walking down the hall , out the door , across the sunny lawn , as far away from wendy as he could get .
wednesday when the trumpets started the lawn mower and rode it around the football field .
it took a minute for my eyes to adjust , but finally i saw the touch football game over on the lawn .
a nd a riding lawn mower .
the girl from home had crossed the room behind his back and settled on a lawn chair .
as shane opened and closed the door , light from the house shot across the lawn , then shrank to a sliver and disappeared , leaving elijah in the blackness .
she looked forward to the bus and her nightly routine of watching the enormous buildings and flashing signs and scantily clad workers and tourists on the strip gradually calm into normal people , modest houses , well - kept cactus lawns like in any desert city - just as most vegas performers hit the casino stages in their twenties but settled down to calmer jobs and families and marriages as they got older .
as she walked , she passed a convenience store with summer for sale on the sidewalk out front : lawn chairs , wind chimes , big inflatable palm trees .
she sat down in the lawn chair , crossing her legs .
she braced for his retaliation , his kick to her gut that would send her flying against the outside wall of the casino , lawn chair and lemonade and all .
she snatched up her purse as she passed her lawn chair , marveling that no one had stolen it - but maybe even pickpockets understood it was n't wise to steal from a girl who could inflate plastic palm trees with her mind and break her dad 's hand .
with her eyes fixed on the glowing windows , she did n't notice three teenagers sitting in lawn chairs in the road until she was only a few feet from them .
and here was this cop , out working hard at 11:30 at night , innocently providing for his wife and fourteen kids at home , scrimping and saving money for that new aluminum shed he 'd had his eye on for storing the riding lawn mower .
in the grassy strip that passed for his lawn , powerful spotlight beams crisscrossed , advertising his house .
during swim practice he even convinced gabriel to drag a lawn chair poolside so he could sit closer to me , protecting me .
i headed straight across the pool deck , empty except for lila and mike sitting close together on the lawn chair .
she would never forget the friday afternoon she had come home from school and seen him outside , mowing his lawn .
he had enjoyed being able to mow the lawn in the afternoon .
going into the backyard , he got the lawn mower out of the shed .
the lawn forgotten , thorne hurried across the street and knocked on sky 's door , softly at first , and then with more urgency .
chapter 12 sky pulled a chair up to the front room window , then sat down , her elbows braced on the sill , and watched kaiden mow the lawn .
and now he was mowing the lawn in the dark again .
the drone of the lawn mower drew her gaze to the backyard .
seeing him had explained so much - why he never left the estate , why there were no mirrors in the house , other than those behind locked doors , why he preferred wool to the fine lawn and linen shirts that were favored by wealthy men , why he had refused her touch .
ramsden went out to the house to check on her , but no one was home , and there was a for rent sign on the front lawn . ''
` ` you 're going to have to explain what all of that was about , '' he said quietly as we walked across the lawn .
i took a seat in a rickety old chair on the lawn .
ten minutes later , i was out on the front lawn with the rest of the girls and ready to meet the new pledges .
catching up to me on his front lawn , he pulled back on my shoulder , spinning me around .
kelly and i reclined on two lawn chairs in her backyard after the rehearsal dinner .
` ` would you like to sit in the swing or the lawn chairs , or would you like to walk ? ''
bill and sam were out in the front yard sitting in lawn chairs , out of the way of the police .
but after a second he stepped in between our two little groups on the lawn .
fire trucks and law enforcement cars were parked helter - skelter on the lawn of the two - story house .
bill was sitting in a lawn chair watching .
there was a chemically green lawn surrounding the whole , and a huge parking lot .
the sign on the well - tended lawn read the fellowship of the sun center - only jesus rose from the dead .
i repeat , if you really want to make a statement that way , a big ' i ' m sorry , ' then you walk out of this church right now and stand on the lawn .
up by the church , luna drove over the curb separating the parking lot from the lawn .
then we were flooring it over the lawn , circling the fenced play area , and i discovered i was grinning from ear to ear , though it hurt to do so .
i yelled , as we hit a sprinkler head on the lawn watering system .
the house was on a rolling lawn that raised it higher than the street , so the driveway mounted and went to the rear of the property .
the norris house was little different from any of the others ; it had a small front porch with an old armchair and two lawn chairs on it , and two cars parked in front , one a ford fiesta and the other an ancient buick .
about half the houses on the quiet street had real - estate signs in the front lawn , and the ones that remained in private hands were not well maintained .
i carried the drinks outside on a tray , and we all sat in a circle on my old lawn furniture .
moving quickly and lightly , he rose from his lawn chair and tossed a silver lariat around the vampire 's head , large enough in circumference to circle waldo 's shoulders .
i 'd been sitting in the sunshine on one of my aluminum lawn chairs , wondering what time it was and wondering when the contractor would get here .
a group of about thirty adults was standing on the grass on the street side of the sidewalk in front of the school , and bud dearborn , the sheriff , was talking to andy on the front lawn .
the green lawn of the school was dotted with the occasional candy wrapper or crumpled notebook paper .
quinn came across the lawn and mounted the porch with an understated speed .
i left my book on the plastic table beside my lawn chair and sipped the rest of my coffee without the pleasure that had accompanied the first few mouthfuls .
bob settled himself in a lawn chair in the courtyard , and i watched with a tiny flare of interest as he drew powdered stuff from little snack - size ziploc bags and got a box of matches out of his chest pocket .
no offense , ma'am , '' i added , remembering too late that the queen was sitting three feet away from me in a folding lawn chair with the wal - mart price label still hanging on a plastic loop .
the stuff i did n't want went into garbage bags , and quinn furthered his muscular development by carrying all the garbage bags down to the courtyard and putting them in the little shed that had held the lawn chairs , still set up on the grass .
i set off across the lawn in my green evening shoes .
amelia was sitting on the pavement in her lawn chair , a glass of wine in her hand .
sam had left two lawn chairs out in front of his trailer , set at right angles to the rear of the bar , and i got them out of his yard and set them by the car .
we could see the crowd , backs to us , seated on the lawn in two sections of white folding chairs , with a strip of red carpet running between the two sides .
as i fetched a case of cokes from sam 's truck , my attention was caught by a man standing alone in the shadows cast by the big live oak on the west side of the lawn .
the keys gave my fist quite a core , and the man behind me staggered across the sidewalk to land on his butt on the slope of the lawn .
we were in a neighborhood where the houses were large and the lawns were groomed .
he did tell me he had part ownership in a bank or two , a company that made lawn furniture , and - and this seemed odd to me - a company that created and tested experimental medicine .
the prescotts had a sheaf of corn , a bale of hay , and some ornamental squash and pumpkins arranged artfully on the front lawn .
after a horrible two minutes , the witch bob jessup lay on the lawn , shaking all over but entirely human again .
they fix their grand - daughter 's car with their own hands , or they offer to help with her college tuition , or they mow her lawn so she does n't have to .
despite the chilly air , amelia sat on one of the lawn chairs that we 'd recently hauled out of the storage shed to encourage ourselves to anticipate spring .
as i half rose from the lawn chair with no very good plan in mind , the fairy turned his back on me and vanished .
i mowed lawns last month . ` `
as i looked at the early morning light falling across the dewy grass , the three weres walked across the lawn slowly , clothed as they had been the night before , but carrying their shoes .
other than the gleaming corvette , the garage was spotless : no lawn chairs , no bags of grass seed or half - empty paint cans .
the neighborhood had lawns , pretty lawns , with rigidly planted and mulched flower beds - but a lawn - care service trimmed every blade of grass there , pruned every bush , raked every leaf .
the neighborhood had lawns , pretty lawns , with rigidly planted and mulched flower beds - but a lawn - care service trimmed every blade of grass there , pruned every bush , raked every leaf .
the neighborhood had lawns , pretty lawns , with rigidly planted and mulched flower beds - but a lawn - care service trimmed every blade of grass there , pruned every bush , raked every leaf .
the streets are wet and soggy with dead leaves that are piled along the curbs and scattered over the lawns .
then she threatens , ` ` you 're ass is grass , fisher , and i ' m the lawn mower .
i sit down in the lawn chair beside her and put my sandwich on the table .
` ` so put it in your car , take it to her house , and put it on her lawn . ''
i hear a feminine voice call , and i turn my head and watch as a woman with black hair pulled up into a high ponytail , pink shorts , and a pink hoodie unzipped to show off her tits runs across the lawn to nico 's driveway .
` ` nico , '' deb calls from two houses away , where she 's outside watering her lawn .
if i ever found out that sophie was outside watering the lawn and wearing practically nothing , i would go postal .
i sit down in one of my parents ' lawn chairs .
not swept , he realized as he studied the sharp , perfect edge that divided the snowy lawn from the cleared walkway .
daemon came here often , and it held so much of his sorrow and grief she wondered how the groundskeepers could stand tending the flower beds and trimming the lawn - and cleaning the fountain where a woman with an achingly familiar face rose out of the water .
when he turned toward the boardinghouse , he froze for a moment before he strode across the lawn .
kermilla pranced over the lawn toward them , her expression one of sharp delight .
he pointed to a spot near the stairs leading down to the lawn .
the sun shone on that braid of fire as she walked across the lawn , and her strides were long and easy .
maybe they could just pitch every mirror , trunk , and wardrobe onto the lawn until they found the right one .
once the door was closed and he was moving toward the far end of the lawn , he began to relax .
` ` at least , i seem to be looking out over the front lawn . ''
yuli swung around and pointed to the lawn on the other side of the fence .
the boy slammed through the gate , sending it crashing back against the fence as he sprinted to a spot in the lawn .
` ` no , thanks , '' lucivar said , moving away from the eyrie to walk in the rock - strewn grass that might have been a lawn or a garden once upon a time .
or , worse , the crash as the handle shattered the glass doors that led out to the lawn on the other side of the eyrie .
she looked at the thick drops of rain hitting the glass doors that led to the lawn beyond .
finally reaching an outside door , they headed for the eyriens gathered at the far end of the expansive lawn .
the laughter backed up into his lungs when he saw jaenelle striding over the lawn , heading toward them .
` ` lucky me , '' surrel muttered as they headed across the lawn toward the other women who were already gathered at the practice circle .
3 / terreille in the moonlight , the lawn was a ghostly silver rippled by the wind .
moving silently through the small shrub garden that backed the lawn , she reached the large tree with the branch that was perfect for a swing .
holding his breath , saetan looked toward the north woods that bordered the hall 's lawns and formal gardens .
letting himself out one of the hall 's back doors , saetan wandered across the carefully trimmed lawn , down a short flight of wide stone steps , and followed the paths into the wilder gardens .
just as he was climbing the stone steps below the lawn , he stopped , listened .
to his left , just past the stone wall that surrounded luthvian 's lawn and gardens , was meadowland dotted with wildflowers .
2 / kaeleer greer crept behind the row of junipers that bordered one side of the lawn behind sadiablo hall .
frowning , saetan looked toward the left and saw a white stallion grazing on the front lawn , its hindquarters facing the windows .
` ` that 's a warlord prince having breakfast on your front lawn , '' andulvar said in a neutral voice .
there was aunicorn on the front lawn !
the picture shattered when smoke streaked across the lawn .
he felt a pang of regret that she was cantering over a clipped lawn instead of in a wild glade .
after enduring a vicious harangue about males , lucivar had hauled her out to the lawn , handed her one of the eyrien sticks , and let her try to whack him .
when they reached the center of the lawn , they settled quietly into the snow .
the lawn and flowerbeds were neatly tended .
trying not to act too eager , daemon stepped into the sunny room that overlooked an expanse of green lawn and formal gardens , certain that he would know her the moment he saw her .
3 - terreille surreal knelt beside a tree at the back edge of briarwood 's snow - covered lawn .
the wide expanse of lawn offered no cover , and if someone came around the building instead of through that door , she might be discovered too soon .
to the right of the lawn were the remains of a very large vegetable garden , but that , too , offered no cover .
the lawn and building looked gauzy .
when it was done , there was only the building , the empty lawn , and the garden with its secrets .
titian walked past the tree across a lawn filled with tall , silvery flowers .
surreal raced across briarwood 's empty lawn toward the hidden door .
i smiled to myself as i crossed to my car , pausing a moment to take in the lemon trees , the thick carpet of pine needles on the lawn , the beige taurus driving not too slow but not too fast either- wait , what ?
i sat on a lawn chair on the patio , drinking icy vodka from an ` ` i got lei 'd in hawaii '' shot glass shaped like a hula dancer .
he 'd probably never cut the lawn on the weekend .
he asked , sitting in a lawn chair .
i settled into a lawn chair and breathed in the sunshine .
` ` hello , '' he said , placing his hands on the lawn chair armrests on either side of me .
case in point : my earlier smile and nod when a twenty - minute discussion was waged over which was the best lawn service in town .
have to keep those lawns as green as possible , even when there was a drought , you know .
i walked to the window and gazed outside , looking over the manicured lawn , the pool , the good life .
i took a deep breath , turned off the burner under the wok , and walked out onto the patio , sitting down in one of the giant lawn chairs upholstered in daisy - covered plastic .
smiling , i laid back in my lawn chair and looked up at the night sky .
i gazed in wonder at the beautiful town , noting the victorian homes and neat - as - a - pin front lawns .
when he finally appeared , he took no notice of me - until i gave up and tried to get out of the vinyl lawn chair .
an expansive lawn with what looked to be the original carriage house set back from the main house .
but before i was even two steps across the lawn , he poked his head back through .
herding them together with a bap and a nip , he paraded them across the lawn and , one by one , into the house .
linking my fingers through his , we walked across the lawn and into our home , where clive and his ladies were waiting .
i had been born and bred amongst acres of lawns and overhanging trees - and when the sun went down , the town went silent .
but the interior of the cafeteria was surprisingly modern , with a long glass wall overlooking the small lawn behind the building .
instead , the alley gave way to a square of lush , green lawn filled with pillars - narrow pyramids of gray concrete that punctured the grass like a garden of thorns .
it was a sunday afternoon at st . sophia 's school for girls , and i was squeezed into a tiny square of sunshine on the lawn with my friend scout .
decision made , we gathered up our books and walked back across the campus 's side lawn and around to the main building .
the ladder into it was wooden and rickety , as was the door that led to the side lawn .
the interior of the fence was lined with shrubs and hedges , so the lawns were shielded from public view .
he locked up the building , then guided me to a wooden park bench that sat in one corner of the building 's small , neatly clipped lawn .
there was nothing here , no blood , no trampled grass , no indication at all that the few square yards of lawn had been witness to birth , to death .
there was laughter across the lawn .
there were cars all around my grandfather 's house - at the curb , parked on the front lawn .
ethan pulled the mercedes down the lengthy drive that ran through the park - sized front lawn to the front door , where a white - gloved valet signaled him to stop .
i turned away and looked out at the dark , sloping lawn .
the patio was brick in a carefully laid demilune form , which ended in an arc of stairs leading down to the lawn .
the night was gloriously warm , white paper lanterns hanging from the flowering trees that dotted the back lawn .
relieved of the stilettos , i crept down to the lawn , the bricks cool beneath my feet , then stepped into the grass .
the lawn led down to a wood that covered the back acres of the property , a carefully clipped trail winding through them .
and so , on a night in late may , i found myself standing on the lawn of a hyde park mansion of vampires , staring up at the stone - framed visage of a boy in armani , an enemy who 'd become an ally .
the front lawn was empty , the door ajar .
we crossed the street to the lawn in front of the lake , then walked across grass to the concrete shoreline .
instead , i stepped onto the lawn and headed across it , then around the house .
` ` we ' ve arranged backup , '' ethan said , but his gaze was on the lawn , his expression blank , as if he were contemplating unpleasant things .
they did n't venture into cadogan house , but they had n't needed to - one of adam 's shifters had been so grievously wounded in human form that he 'd shifted in the middle of the front lawn to heal himself .
men and women worked at tables and sawhorses across the front lawn .
i was standing on the lawn between the building and the lake ; i figured that was a perfect place to work off a little tension .
so instead of a swank office with a river view , he had a squat brick building on the south side in a neighborhood where the lawns were surrounded by chain - link fences .
the remains of a paper fast - food bag were sprinkled across the lawn , probably caught in a mower blade , and no one had cared enough to clean up .
i crossed the lawn and headed for the small concrete porch .
when he met me at cadogan , we joined the dozens of other vampires who stood on the lawn behind the house , staring up at the sky .
when another bolt of lightning lit the backyard , malik cast a wary glance across the lawn .
when the ensemble reached the bridge , the rest of the hundred vampiresndron on the lawn joined her , their voices a chorus against idiocy .
we were partial y protected by the trees at the back of the yard , but as the sun rose , the rays of light would shift across the lawn , moving ever closer to where we stood ... and juliet was closer to those rays than i was .
a sob echoed from juliet 's corner of the lawn as i gaped at frank .
they sat in lawn chairs , bundled up against the cold , many eating dinners like they 'd puled up to a drive - in movie instead of a vampire hate fest .
the lawn - an expanse of grass that had long since yellowed - swarmed with cadogan vampires adjusting decor and arranging chairs and tables , all of them sending excited magic into the air .
normally , stepping outside in chicago in winter was a chilling venture , which made the lawn a questionable location for a social event .
ethan appeared at my side and gestured across the lawn to a broad - shouldered man who chatted with kelley , who 'd served as the captain of cadogan 's guards when luc was promoted .
tonight the lawn was bereft of fragrant food trucks and revelry , but the nearly identical mercenary fairies still stood watch in front of the house .
* * * it was late and cold , but we were most definitely awake , cadogan house 's vampires silent as we gathered together around the brick fire pit on the back lawn .
a dark bird - a crow or a raven , maybe - flew across the lawn and over the fence again .
it was black - and - white and grainy , but the figures posturing on the lawn were clear enough .
` ` goose on the lawn , '' luc said .
i stood up again , glancing down at the vampires and fairies assembling on the lawn just as ethan walked outside .
` ` as you ' ve lost your army and your battle , i suggest you get the hell off my lawn . ''
great white flakes of snow were falling across the city , and they 'd already collected into a white blanket that covered the lawn .
* * * the next evening , ethan asked us to assemble on the lawn at the fire pit .
the rest of the building bore marks from the fire and smoke , and the small lawn in front was littered with blackened debris .
a woman appeared on the lawn .
the police tape was gone , the debris had been cleaned away from the lawn , and new wooden studs and plastic sheeting were in place .
on both sides of the front lawn , in the crisp , white snow , an enormous heart had been drawn in the snow with a thousand rose petals , a shock of crimson against the snowy ground .
the house , with turrets and windows and several wings of rooms , was modeled after biltmore and was surrounded by rolling hills of neatly manicured grass ; the back lawn sloped gently down into a forest .
with gabriel in front , the frozen ground crunching beneath our feet , we played follow the leader around the house and toward the estate 's back lawn .
ethan was n't yet done with lakshmi , so i sat at a wooden table in a wooden chair beside one of the windows and stared out across the lawn at the banks of trees and hillocks of undisturbed snow .
but i glanced outside the windows , saw his rigid form on the back lawn .
i lit out after him , hurdling the expensive lawn furniture he 'd turned over in my path and unsheathing my katana again .
back lawn , i told ethan .
well - manicured lawns could quickly give way to empty , trash - strewn lots where violence was all too common .
merit , you 'll approach him directly , across the lawn . ''
i was about to walk across the lawn to the spot where a serial killer prepared to summarily execute my best friend .
i looked at my grandfather and , at his nod , walked across the lawn .
as catcher and ethan ran across the lawn , i pulled off my jacket , laid it across mallory 's body as catcher tugged the stakes from the ground .
i parked at the curb and got out , jogging across the half - dead lawn , and pounded on the front door .
i searched the lawn for signs of julie , and when i did n't see her , i looked at the truck , hoping to see some kind of movement within .
they would all stand out on the lawn at the edge of the street and murmur and point .
since her car was parked right behind his , he had to swerve wide and drive on the lawn before pulling out onto the street and driving away .
instead of pulling up the driveway , holt parked out front , at the edge of the street along the green lawn 's edge .
he grabbed heven off someone 's lawn and took off with her .
there were people on the upper deck , where we were , people on the lower deck , people dancing out on the lawn where a dj set up a huge booth with flashing lights and a glowing jack - o - lanterns .
we were welcomed by the greenest of grass , not mowed short by the brutality of lawn mowers , but left to flourish .
full - grown trees canopied the lawn making it feel as though you were in your own private space all the way down to the water .
past the multi - tiered deck and across the grass - covered lawn , the trees seemed to part just for the gorgeous view of the rippling lake .
but then someone from across the lawn shouted my name , and i shouted back .
` ` that cat sounds like a lawn mower , '' romeo quipped .
they practically camped out on his lawn , just hoping for a glimpse of him .
every home here had lush , sprawling lawns , winding driveways , and homes that belonged on the cover of magazines .
about twenty minutes later , i pulled up to another gated community , except this one did n't have sprawling lawns and mansions .
her telepathic voice grew faint , that man was raping his slave anally right on the lawn .
a few of the larger homes had small patches of lawns and large trees .
as soon as i told kerrick what was going on , he folded me to the back lawn and i let them fly .
oh , look , there 's a deer on the lawn .
` ` leto , i could so easily fall back into bed with you , but for the last hour i ' ve been thinking about the doe that i saw on the villa lawn this morning . ''
` ` the doe on the lawn . ''
he had seen a small yard out back , a stretch of rough lawn , a picnic table .
a lawn stretched at an upward slope toward the tops of the mountains .
she stood outside on the lawn , barefoot , a few feet away from the enormous tamarind tree in rith 's large side yard .
she turned slowly and wafted her wings , gliding down to the lawn below .
he crossed the long central hall of his villa , the front lawn to his right .
after passing two sets of guest suites to his left , he traversed the large formal living room from which the back lawn was visible as a wide expanse .
because parisa was unwilling to release the woman , she grabbed for her waist and fell forward onto fiona , causing all three to tumble onto the lawn .
rith jerked and rolled in the direction of the house where the lawn slanted .
* * * from the slatted blinds within his house , rith stared at the woman now risen from her prone position on the lawn .
* * * parisa slipped past the three servants outside her room , moving on tiptoes until she was outside on the back lawn of the garden .
to the front lawn of medichi 's villa . ''
the master bedroom was huge , with a den on one side ; the other overlooked the back lawn .
then they renewed , beginning with a young woman in light blue flannel pajama bottoms and a dark blue tank top racing across a green lawn , begging for parisa 's help .
* * * jean - pierre stood on the lawn beside havily , but at a discreet distance from medichi and parisa .
the moment marcus turned in havily 's direction and began chastising her about luken , jean - pierre crossed the lawn to join medichi and parisa , who both stood with eyes wide as the shouting began .
within seconds the door was shut upon the war that now raged on the front lawn of antony 's home .
jean - pierre remained by the window overlooking the front lawn .
a tapestry hunting scene served as a valance over tall windows overlooking the front lawn .
he was looking in the direction of the den , through to the windows that opened onto the front lawn .
sometimes she had to step onto gravel , but mostly she found lawn to cross .
i was standing barefoot on the lawn .
he whirled and folded his sword into his hand despite the dozen militia warriors stationed around the lawn .
his gaze fell to the nearby lawn .
` ` i thought i saw something , a shimmering out there on the lawn . ''
yes , medichi , although what was he doing out on the lawn ?
he could not keep his gaze from the sight of medichi on the lawn .
so what was that on the lawn ?
i saw you just now on the front lawn . ''
and yes , he folded his sword into his hand and stared at what must be an imposter - or a dreaded hologram - out on the lawn .
because she 'd seen antony on the stretch of lawn in front of the hospital ?
why had she run out onto the lawn , folding to the false antony , without so much as a whisper of anxiety ?
` ` i was so sure you were on the lawn that i rushed into harm 's way without knowing it .
he noticed that the topmost level had several wide stretches of green , which he knew represented areas of lawn , which meant that all the levels of the building below were actually underground .
opposite was a bank of french doors that led to a beige stone terrace and rolling lawns , which sloped upward in the direction of the white tanks wildlife refuge .
branching off from this smaller connecting room was a wing that faced west ; a window down the hall gave a view of a rolling lawn and mountains beyond .
the window on the east wall overlooked a large stretch of sun - loving lawn , now shrouded in moonlight , and beyond that , rising in the distance , the white tanks mountains .
a thick lawn spread out to a considerable distance .
she pushed back the curtain and found a deer on the lawn , long neck extended , munching happily .
but how out of place the animal looked on a manicured lawn .
and what a lawn !
very few homes in phoenix had lawns like this anymore , water being the scarce commodity it was , despite the underground rivers .
the view opened onto the front lawn .
both sets of feet were bare since they 'd be practicing on the front lawn beneath the shelter and protection of the enormous dome of mist .
* * * marcus folded a lawn chair from the pool area to the front patio .
* * * medichi held a hot plate of pasta in his hand and from the vantage of the steps leading to the front lawns from the pool side of the estate , he watched the women flying .
as he walked down the central corridor and glanced through the windows that faced the front lawn , he caught glimpses of the fliers .
across the lawn , reinforcements arrived - thorne , jean - pierre , santiago , and zach .
slowly , marcus made his way across the lawn .
` ` luken , '' havily cried from across the lawn .
he turned his back to her and took up his favorite chair opposite the window that overlooked the front lawn .
this time , however , medichi was the one to set up a lawn chair on the front patio .
she lifted an arm and the next thing havily knew , the entire group was on medichi 's front lawn beneath the ever - present dome of mist .
as a group , they were crossing the rolling lawn of kerrick 's mansion in scottsdale two , heading in the direction of the great mounds of honeysuckle that topped the stone walls at the back of his property .
he moved back several yards as the sand began cascading back on itself , falling into the wash as well as the surrounding lawn .
lawn traveled forever , trees brought in from all over the world , and flowers everywhere .
* * * later , when kerrick had fallen asleep , alison left the beautiful warmth of her warrior 's bed , now her bed , picked up her new iphone , then moved onto the balcony , which overlooked a vast rolling lawn .
ry 's blade fell to the ground and ethan tackled ry to her front lawn where he pinned him .
beyond the glass windows , she saw extensive landscaping with shrubs , lawn , flowerbeds all leading to the hillside and a short stone wall with wide , seating pavers on top .
i ' m content with my life in shreveport , but i guess you could say my real dream was to have a cottage by a lake , surrounded by weeping willows and more lawn than i could manage by myself .
weeping willows graced a vast lawn on both sides of the property .
many of those fae with healing gifts were already running or engaging in levitated flight to cross the expanse of lawn , that stretch near the guildhall where soccer was played every weekend through the inter - species league .
she drew in a soft breath at the sight of the beautiful garden , a rolling lawn , hillocks of trees and flowers here and there , which she could see easily because it was just as vojalie had said , the floodlights created a near - daylight environment .
she followed gerrod to the front lawn and watched the score of powerful men launch , flying fast in that strange foot - above - the - ground levitation that many realm - folk could master in time .
basketball hoops and cul - de - sacs and perfectly edged front lawns .
our housekeeper did all the grocery shopping , and the lawn service mowed the grass .
the only thing in there is a lawn mower that does n't run because someone stole the starter off it , and those old busted plastic sleds . ''
an hour later all the carpet was out on the front lawn for garbage pickup and we were in the midst of a dusty hell .
` ` then i 'll borrow your car , '' i said , bending over and picking up a good size rock off the tree lawn .
we were standing in the driveway at tyler and riley 's , a dusting of snow on the ground , the dead christmas tree that jessica had decorated the month before now on the lawn , waiting for garbage removal .
mandy went up the front walk with him , taking in the trim lawn , the tidy flower beds , and the stone duck sitting by the front door .
` ` okay , thanks , '' she started to say , but he was already walking away , moving across the lawn in the opposite direction of the house .
chapter three damien watched marley turner walk quickly across his lawn toward the waiting taxi .
i had glimpses out the windows of games on the front lawn , laughter and clinging gowns on women who were clearly not ladies .
nobody camped out on my front lawn .
just the thought of the headlines , the media camped out on her lawn again , the flash photography going off in her face , filled her with panic .
she had chosen to wear dancing slippers instead of boots so that she could remove them in front of mr . tradd 's , and she did just that as she approached the lawn in front of his residence .
she padded across the dry lawn , slippers in hand , toes unaccustomed to the feel of the hard ground .
even squinting , i could n't see into the dark beyond the multi - tiered terrace to the lawn , and beyond that the ocean .
shelby stepped onto the lawn and tried to put some enthusiasm into her actions .
plopping herself down on a plastic lawn chair , she listened to the steady mechanical spray of the irrigation system watering the crops , and the underlying hum of insects .
there were no lawn chairs left , but she could sit on the ground , none too worried about her shorts .
making her way across the lawn , she took in the back of her mother 's little white ranch house .
jessie yanked with fervor , tossing a spiny plant into her lawn refuse bag .
` ` it was right here , in front of the castle , laying in the lawn .
the leaves crunched beneath her feet as she took one step after another through the front lawn of her house .
she gazed out the window and spotted a deer walking past , grazing in the back lawn of the school , and knew she had to get outside , and fast .
unless it 's getting the media off both our front lawns , i ca n't imagine any surprise i 'd actually like .
determination powers his every step , and it takes just seconds for his long stride to swallow up my front lawn .
she runs across the lawn and shoves her key in the door .
he winks , walking across the lawn as if his childish thumbs - up has n't almost started a riot .
i take both of her hands in mine and pull her off the porch and onto the lawn .
~ i walk across the lawn towards braden 's frat house .
we get up from the lawn and make our way to the main building .
she waited by a pristine riding lawn mower as liam disarmed a security system and unlocked the dead bolt .
the enclosed lawn sported baby pools , tires to jump through , and buckets of drinking water .
marsh grass leaned in the wind blowing a briny breeze across the lawn .
the lush lawn stretched out a natural carpet for the dais .
bluebirds feeding on the patchy lawn scattered , clearing a path .
he cut a path across the scraggly lawn .
david stood , his height towering like the palm trees clustered in groups of three on either side of the lawn .
floodlights clicked on , illuminating the palmiere lawn a second before a side door opened .
a noise sounded from the house , a door slamming , and then the two brats came running down the wide stairs leading from the house to the lawn .
he started across the lawn .
back flat against the oversize lion , he monitored the lawn .
sophie inhaled the fresh breeze and watched the children tumble on the lawn .
they 'd spread the engine in pieces on a blanket on the lawn , and i wandered over . ''
jolynn stood frozen as the statues on her father 's front lawn .
` ` lawn chairs and a table to go with your grill do n't count as furniture in most circles . ''
the intruder sprinted across a bare patch of lawn , under a lamppost .
she reached down to pry her high heel out of the sandy lawn .
sure enough , the taxi stopped right at her fenced front lawn .
her nearest neighbor , ex - cop malcolm cuvier , had kept the lawn in order and watched out for intruders .
` ` nola , '' he called from beside her , sprawled in an iron lawn chair just outside the door .
never again would he gripe about mowing the lawn or changing out the heater - ac filters .
headlights swept the driveway , the sleeping lawn , the house .
the patient way lauren watched her father make his way across the patchy lawn ... ohmigod , lauren showed no surprise at her father 's pained progress .
what a silly thought as the teen shivered in fear with a gun pressed to her head , but the maternal instinct flowered to life so fiercely , it was all nola could do to keep from launching across the lawn to rip out chavez 's throat .
she limped across the sparse lawn , her foot apparently still throbbing from the scorpion sting .
then over to the large stretch of patchy lawn where grass never seemed to grow well .
carson left the road for a shortcut across the lawn , past pine trees and bare - limbed oaks .
she skirted around the sofa full of inviting green pillows that would spread perfectly along the carpet to make a downy lawn for all - night sex .
nikki ripped the headset from her ears and sprinted across the dormant lawn , over a low hedge toward her mother .
the sardonic words from an obviously pissed off papa echoed across the lawn as carson opened his truck door in the price driveway .
without a word , carson lifted her by the waist , deposited her in the apartment and thundered down half the wooden steps before vaulting over the banister to the lawn .
as quickly as the thought slithered into his head , he nixed it , making his way across the dormant lawn toward his ford .
zigzagging across the lushly landscaped lawn , he raced toward the side entrance of the stucco building .
he wanted to remember sarafina tesoro that way , not torn apart from rebel gunfire on the front lawn of the u.s . embassy in cartina .
birds hopped across the lawn , more circling overhead .
the final proposal came in an ultimatum during their fight on the embassy lawn the day she 'd been shot .
five years ago when he and sara had argued on the embassy lawn , he 'd been too caught up in his pissed - off frame of mind to take note of his surroundings in a country at least as dangerous as his old neighborhood .
he leaned by the window , staring out into the stark patch of lawn illuminated by security lights , no manicured gardens here .
even as consciousness faded , she vowed that unlike five years ago on the embassy lawn , this time she would get it right ... . ` ` why the hell wo n't you marry me ? ''
he slammed the driver 's side door on the blue ford , boots smacking perpetually dusty earth in their patchy front lawn .
` ` then i poured fertilizer on the lawn so the dead grass spelled out hellfire . ''
paige spun ... to see kirstie 's math book fanning in the wind while her mail skimmed across the lawn .
bo shouldered through the crowd and dropped onto the arm of her lawn chair .
she kept her head tipped toward the sprawling homes that bordered on mansion size with their manicured lawns .
then , holy hell , he really needed to quit thinking or he might scorch this garden faster than when he 'd poured too much fertilizer on the lawn .
` ` by pouring bubbles in a baptismal font and spelling out hellfire with fertilizer on the lawn ? ''
` ` you made yourself clear when you pitched my barbells and books out on the lawn six months ago . ''
` ` well , j.t . , tossing those possessions on the lawn was just the start of venting problems years in the making .
nope , he had n't been in the least surprised when his hand weights sailed out the window and bounced off his book onto the lawn .
he followed while she worked her way down the flagstone path , ready to catch her if a crutch went rogue in the soft lawn .
` ` i wo n't pitch your weights out on the lawn tomorrow , if you 'll promise to talk to me .
he 'd let his stupid - ass pride propel him when rena tossed his crap on the lawn .
too easily she could see danny standing in the middle of his parents ' landscaped lawn taking a reaming from his father .
white plastic lawn chairs and recliners were scattered over the deck , tables interspersed .
not a lawn chair .
she felt like an ingrate for resenting him when he mowed her lawn .
overgrown lawn masked her toes .
her months with him had taught her to look past the military regimen of pruned lawns and identical houses to see a communal spirit of support she had n't experienced since childhood .
she placed the lawn furniture around a pool and little swing set .
lori placed barbie and ken on the lawn furniture and put skipper on the swing .
he shook his head in frustration and walked across the room to look out the window to the front lawn beyond .
he paused on the front lawn .
so when flo benson opened her front door and stepped out to greet them , lacey jumped out of the car leaving ty behind , and ran up the front lawn , throwing herself into the other woman 's open arms .
ty lifted her away from the man just as the paramedics ran up the front lawn , cleared them away from the area and got to work .
once inside , instead of settling in front of the television , he 's pacing by the big bay window overlooking the front lawn .
the little girl let out a squeal of delight and took off across the lawn .
they arrived to find mrs . blaine wearing a bathrobe , arguing with rex on the front lawn , while the judge paced behind her , muttering to himself .
in the center sat a beautifully manicured lawn and gazebo , the pride and joy of downtown serendipity .
her neighbors had congregated on their lawns .
cole adjusted the frames of his sunglasses and looked over the freshly manicured lawn .
sam asked as they walked back across the lawn .
the surrounding lawn was green and lush , the plantings and flowers perfectly placed .
she turned to find sam striding across the lawn , looking relaxed and tanned , a bouquet of daisies in his hand .
he glanced across the lawn to where catherine had settled back into bartender mode .
then , noticing a problem across the lawn , catherine ran to avert disaster between her waitress and an intoxicated guest .
luckily , jeff was waiting for her when she paid her entry fee and walked onto the grassy lawn behind the center , the buffer she 'd been so eager to have .
to her right was the main lawn and the beautiful flowers lining the street .
with no alternative , she cut her wheel right and held on as she deliberately turned her small car onto the lawn .
he strode across the lawn and past the police barrier .
they sprinted across the lawn and burst through the front door .
the lawn was well manicured and autumn mums were planted out front .
though not as grand as the harrington mansion , the rossman home was definitely an estate , an immense structure set back on a rolling lawn with an aura of wealth attached .
they walked across the back lawn until mike broke the silence .
she found her father sitting in a lawn chair , staring out at nothing .
grateful and relieved , she bolted across the lawn to meet him , throwing her arms around him .
chapter fifteen lauren stared out the window overlooking the lawn in the front of the house .
as annabelle returned to vaughn 's house , boris finally decided he 'd found the appropriate spot and squatted to pee on vaughn 's front lawn .
vaughn 's gaze fell to the dog who 'd started to kick up the grass on the lawn with his hind legs .
as vaughn gritted his teeth , the camera panned to the high school where his old white - haired teacher stood on the lawn , the american flag waving in the background .
` ` not bad considering i have to mow lawns and work with a tutor instead of hanging out with the guys . ''
his groin hardened and the desire to have her now , on the lawn , in front of nick , mara and the wide blue sky overwhelmed him .
elizabeth had dressed annabelle for events from black tie fund - raisers to afternoon picnics and lawn parties .
joggers passed her and people sat on the grass , reading on the lawn .
lizzie slid out from behind her and ran up the huge front lawn where a slender woman in navy slacks and a silk blouse waited on the front steps , then pulled her into a warm hug .
a beautiful woman walked , teetering on high heels , across the lawn , making a bee - line his way .
i told you i did n't want to ruin my dress on the lawn . ''
the other woman was model - thin and attractive in a waiflike sort of way , elegant despite her awkward trek across the lawn .
amy 's mother , rose , and aunt darla both jumped for the prize and were now rolling on the lawn , both determined to claim the flowers .
i mowed lawns while mom worked .
most of the houses were relatively new , and built right next to each other , with square lawns in front .
everyone seemed to compete with each other in the summer to prove who had the greenest and best - kept lawn .
it was what looked like a break room with a huge folding table , some mismatched lawn chairs , a fridge , microwave and coffeepot .
` ` how about you wait here and i 'll bring the car over , '' he said as we walked down the lawn .
if i want to make out with dusty on the front lawn , i can .
and as she scanned the faces of the people dotting the patio and nearer reaches of the broad lawn , she told herself she was n't looking for one face in particular .
the vast lawn was surprisingly hardy for november , and it billowed out before the estate in a seemingly endless wave of - well , there was no way around it - a dark grayish - green the color of currency .
the far wall consisted of beveled floor - to - ceiling windows that offered a breathtaking view of the expansive back lawn and the pond beyond .
and mow her lawn when the grass got too long .
the lawn rolled seemingly for miles , the kind of flawless green that comes only with a full - time gardener and chemical warfare on the weeds .
the canes had been laid out on the lawn between the flower beds .
the hedges ended at a wide , cut grass lawn and artemis bent on a sudden impulse , pulling both her slippers and stockings from her feet .
the sun was already up as he crossed the wide south lawn , and the sudden darkness of the canopy when he entered the woods made him blind for a moment .
the one she wore was n't old , but it was rather ordinary white lawn with only a bit of embroidery about the yoke .
he paused to caress her through the fine lawn of her chemise ; then he trailed his fingers down her legs , slowly , carefully .
he bent to set her on the bed , but she clung to his fine lawn shirt , rumpling it , and sobbed .
they looked out over a terrace bordered by a mown lawn .
mary was carefully walking down the glass doors , admiring the view and the crows on the lawn .
dusk was gathering , but she thought she saw something flash in the trees beyond the lawn .
silence darted across the lawn , arriving at the tree line breathless and with her heart beating in a staccato rhythm .
someone had planted crocuses and they had spread on their own , like a living carpet , spilling into the lawn .
he thumbed it , flicking it gently through the lawn of her chemise , feeling her body quiver against his .
and at the moment , i need someone to take him out on the lawn and make sure he does the rest of his business there instead of the castle .
melisande pulled it on over her fine lawn chemise and shivered from the sensuous weight .
there was a long , sloping lawn here , uncut and wild , and farther on , terraced gardens that must once have been magnificent .
he nodded and stood , looking away , down the sloping lawn .
they stood on the long mown lawn at the back of hasselthorpe house .
painted canvas targets were being erected at the far end of the lawn by footmen .
` ` better than lawn bowls , surely ?
he had a clear line of sight to the manicured back lawn and the patio doors , but there had been no activity since he 'd shown up to relieve trevor .
luke and ethan were sitting on a couple of plastic lawn chairs , an open cooler filled with beer bottles wedged between them .
there are people talking and laughing on the front lawn .
the thousands of feet stomping across here had ruined all of the grass and turned the one time lawn into a field of dirt .
tall pillars rose around the wide verandah , a proud southern home , surrounded by shrubbery and rolling lawns .
she took out an aerosol can and sprayed into the slight breeze moving out over the sweeping lawn .
mack caught a brief glimpse of a shadow sliding along the lawn , very low , not ten feet from violet .
they 'll want fresh bodies for the optimum scandal , probably cut their throats on the embassy lawn .
jaimie moved through the immaculate expanse of lawn toward the roped - off area where the newest landscaping was allegedly taking place .
tansy sank down into the one lawn chair she 'd brought and forced her gaze to meet his .
a high privacy fence surrounded the beautifully landscaped lawns .
gator stretched out on the lawn , lying prone out in the open .
out of the corner of his eye he saw the first man emerge between two houses and rush across the open space of the lawn , directly in gator 's path .
the lawn was mowed and the patio in the back was extraordinarily clean .
she came to him , he to her , meeting on the edge of the lawn .
the rolling lawns were well manicured , and flowers and plants were grouped in a small area complete with fountains and statues , giving the appearance of a small private park .
a sweeping lawn and several flower beds separated the two buildings .
she lowered her pack to the lawn .
she caught the glimpse of a body lying prone on the lawn and another in the flower garden .
he found her in their bedroom , staring out the large bay window at the rolling lawns below .
the wind blew gently through the flower beds and across recently mowed lawns .
dahlia ran lightly across the lawn , dressed in a black jumpsuit , her hair pulled tightly into a thick , intricate braid .
she slipped from the car and ran across the lawn .
dahlia looked around her at the lush grounds with rolling lawns and flowers of every color rioting for space .
` ` paparazzi spotted on the south lawn looking for a photo op . ''
one was as tall as most of the buildings along main street , while the others ranged from a glorified riding lawn mower to the standard issue seen on most farms .
karen moved to gwen 's side and stepped up onto a lawn chair to get a better look .
thirty minutes later , they stood on a vast lawn surrounded by split rail fences a few hundred yards away .
around back where a small shed for tools and lawn equipment stood was also empty .
this time when he aimed toward the fighting wolves , only the figure of a man , naked and seemingly dead , lay on the lawn .
the bastard dead on the lawn turned five women before he went down .
a few kids were playing outside their homes and somewhere the sound of a lawn mower hummed .
much of the secluded land sat in the back of the house where mrs . dawson had constructed a flower garden and over two acres of lawn .
as a crowd started to gather and stare , fin drew liz closer and headed toward their predetermined spot on the over - crowded observatory lawn .
damn , had it only been twenty - four hours since liz had sat on the lawn of the observatory , praying , chanting , and willing her and fin through time ?
i am just wondering if the small statue is life - sized when dante interrupts any coherent thought process that i might have by striding across the lawns with a racquet in hand and wearing short - short tennis shorts .
chapter nine i settle mia on a folding lawn chair , making sure she has a bottle of water before i leave her .
with a sigh , i stare down at him from my bedroom windows , down at the lawns of the funeral home .
the vibrant green stretches across the vast lawns , through the flowered gardens , and lasts right up until you get to the cliffs , where it finally and abruptly turns reddish and clay .
bile rises up in my throat as i watch her descend the porch steps and walk across the lawns , her chin stuck out , and her hands buried in her hair as she arranges it over her shoulder .
halfway across the lawns , he diverts his course and heads for me .
and then he abruptly turns and walks out , his shoulders wide as he strides across my lawn , away from me .
in fact , when he 's on the edge of the lawns , out in front of my window , he stops abruptly .
i search the front lawns and the back .
out of my periphery , i notice a movement out of the corner of my eye and glancing down , i find that the spider , probably disoriented from this whole ordeal , is scurrying back across the lawn and is aimed directly at my feet .
i laugh , because i recognize them from my own lawn .
their skinny little shoulders were tanned from the sun and they were barefoot as they ran across their brown lawn .
it was clear to her from the drab shade of their grass that their sprinkler was not utilized as a lawn implement .
no one on this street really cared about their lawn , anyway .
it was n't like her parents ' neighborhood where there was an association that regularly measured each lawn to ensure that it was kept a specific length and was the appropriate shade of green .
now that she was out in the real world , she realized the ridiculousness of someone taking the time to walk around another person 's lawn with a ruler and color - wheel .
` ` so you said , '' she nods , then struts through the kitchen naked , opens the back door , and makes her way across the lawn in the broad daylight to the private beach behind the house .
she strides back across the lawn , watching me every step of the way .
her frock , a daydress that showed enough bosom to qualify for an evening gown , was nevertheless made of good lawn and was at the height of fashion .
after , a maid assisted her in dressing in a loose lawn shift and long peignoir .
he looks out over the back lawn like he could care less about what 's about to be said .
i grab my plate and glass and am partway across the lawn to the back door of the house when his next words hit me .
he just blinks and shakes it off as he half drags , half carries her out onto the back lawn .
those gauzy curtains would also make it impossible for her to see what 's going on inside her house , if she were ever standing on the lawn or the sidewalk looking in .
the little boy is hiding next to some bushes in the neighbor 's lawn .
chapter thirty - three brian is out mowing his lawn the next day when agnes comes over for a chat .
` ` i was hoping while you were out here mowing you could run across my front lawn too .
his mind remains occupied as he finishes the work of mowing his and agnes 's lawns and then edges them with the trimmer .
at first it was enough to peek through the tiny holes where the small strings are threaded through the blinds , to see pin - prick pictures of the lawn and the road outside the house .
slowly but surely , more and more of the front porch and lawn is revealed .
the crashing pain of a panic attack seizes her as she realizes it 's a person standing there on the boarder of the lawn .
she looks out over the lawn and waits for him to say something .
she spins around and looks out over the lawn .
` ` everyone out on the front lawn .
all of her new friends were standing out on the front lawn .
she pointed to a broken lawn chair someone had pulled out from under the porch .
` ` if i thought for a second that he 'd say anything rude to you , i 'd beat his ass out on the front lawn myself .
he asks , turning right into a neighborhood of small houses with large front lawns .
the snow crunches under our feet as we walk across someone 's front lawn .
i can picture myself in my own room again , the one right there in the front of the house looking out over the lawn and the street .
the two of them are wrestling on the back lawn by the time we all reach them .
the bathroom window looks out over the front lawn , so i quickly wrap a towel around me , ignoring the fact that my belly does n't even come close to being covered , and peek out of the blinds .
throwing the curtains to the side , i can see what 's out on my front lawn and realize that it 's not a natural disaster that god has sent .
colin says , coming out of his big black car and walking up the pathway cut through the front lawn that leads to the porch .
colin is beating randy 's butt out on the lawn .
he 's tripping and falling across the lawn , but getting up again and again , digging in his pocket for his keys .
i peek out from behind the curtains for the hundredth time , almost expecting to see his car pulling up to the front and him striding across the front lawn .
i 'll drive him home and dump him on his front lawn . ''
leaving him lying on the front lawn would have been perfectly fine with me .
he takes off , shrieking the entire way , across the neighbor 's lawn and ours too before disappearing inside the house .
mick snorts and teagan turns around , suddenly interested in the neighbor 's lawn across the street .
he has n't talked to me since we were on the front lawn of my house .
jersey yells , leaving mom with me on the lawn .
my boss and hot sexy loverboy is across the lawn talking to one of quin 's brothers , looking more gorgeous than a man should be allowed to be .
i try to see rebel from my new spot on the lawn , but there 's too much smoke coming from the open grill between us .
asks a guy standing on the front lawn .
the last thing she needed was this crap on her front lawn .
on the perfectly groomed lawn .
perfectly groomed lawns .
a neat house , with a trimmed lawn and white shutters on the front windows .
darkness from within , two windows boarded up , and an overgrown lawn with thick , twisting trees that seemed to surround the rundown house .
taking a sharp right , she darted across the hawkins ' lawn .
it takes a second to find them , but then i see dallas and cas on the lawn .
the sun is shining , but the breeze is cool , and i wrap my arms around myself as we walk over the expansive lawn toward the creek , toward the woods beyond .
and then ... '' he stops , turning to look at the lawn as he puts his palm over his mouth , coughing a cry into it before he can compose himself .
a few tables and chairs are poised near the windows - which i ' m sure are sealed - looking over a lawn .
i pause now , looking out on the lawn of the program facility .
` ` no , i like my freedom , '' i say absently , looking over the expansive lawn .
nurse kell is waving to him from across the lawn , a blond woman in dark sunglasses beside her .
when we get out onto the lawn , i see my dad 's volvo parked near the gate .
even though sports are n't played anymore , they ' ve kept the lawn intact , even mowing it short .
` ` it might be weird if i spray you down on my front lawn while my parents watch , '' i say .
i turn the ignition , but a figure streaks across the lawn toward my car .
the minute i touched sneaker to soil , we darted across the lawn from the field house toward the back parking lot , where i 'd parked .
her house was on nearly an acre with a beautifully manicured lawn .
i looked across the lawn at her cute blond hairstyle and perfectly fitted uniform , and i almost said okay .
i smiled at the irony of it and crutched across the lawn , tight to the porches of the house .
after a quick look around riley richards 's back lawn , she continued her path toward his half - open bedroom window .
there were at least twenty people standing on the front lawn of his two - story , red craftsman's - style home .
aiden was standing out on the lawn of chris 's house , dressed in a wrinkled tracksuit , his short hair messy .
i heard aiden call from the lawn behind me , but i did n't turn .
` ` i mean , ex - boyfriends on the lawn and cheerleaders running out into the streets .
i ' m not sure i 'll even make it across the lawn before he catches me .
harlin and i had wandered out to the back lawn , but she was n't there , either .
` ` did you mow the lawn ? ''
finally he made a puffing sound and sat down on the lawn outside the rear of the mansion .
if i had n't been wearing my heels i would have suggested to jared that we take a small de - tour and just cross straight over the lawn .
i stood out on the front lawn with my group of friends , the humidity of the day already seeping up through the crab grass that grew like weeds here .
finn looked really out of place standing on my lawn with a bow and arrows over his shoulder .
lush plants in pots dotted the flagstones , with trees and other greenery surrounding the pool area , giving way to a beautiful , deep - green lawn that employees manicured weekly .
griffin sat at merrill 's desk , gazing at the lawn outside the window without seeing anything .
some burn marks on the western wall and the lawn is torn up . ''
we still had a few of grish 's old employees around to clean and maintain the lawns and we had the new workers out in the fields , but i was n't foolish enough to ask any of them to assist me with anything .
the abnegation sector is so clean , not a scrap of trash on the streets , sidewalks , or lawns .
christian walks past those , up some steps , and onto a vast lawn that leads down to the bay ... oh my - it 's beautiful .
i hang on to his hips as i ' m tipped upside - down , and he strides purposefully in the moonlight across the lawn .
his breathing is harsh but then he 's just carried me across the lawn and up a flight of stairs .
a dark green carpet runs along the lawn to one side of the house , leading to the impressive grounds at the rear .
we 're out on the lawn .
he leads me across the lawn toward the luxurious temporary restrooms .
below us there 's half a football field of manicured lawn , but beyond that is the view .
as we make our way up the steps to the lawn , i take off my shoes .
i snort , suddenly remembering the last time we crossed the lawn under the moonlight to the boathouse .
as the two men amble across the lawn toward the house lost in their conversation , christian casually bends to pick up what looks like a bamboo cane that must have been blown over or discarded in the flowerbed .
like the groceries and making sure the cleaning lady and the lawn man get paid .
she sank down in the lawn chair beside me and sighed .
lexie standing out on the lawn of my childhood home , i was still carrying with me that strange mix of fear and resolve .
even the lawn had been freshly mowed .
the front yard is littered with crap , a rusting lawn mower , a bunch of kids ' plastic toys , a couch with stuffing coming out of it .
she 's younger than me , maybe fourteen , and she seems sullen as she halfheartedly picks up some of the crap off the lawn .
weston spent most of the day helping his mother , too , but as it got closer to dinnertime , everyone was outside , tasting one another 's finger foods while chatting about how often they had to water their lawns .
complaints about the effects of the water shortage on the lawns had n't been a topic of conversation at gina 's , and it seemed odd to me .
` ` lawn chairs are in the garage , '' julianne called after us .
part of me wanted to stomp across the rain - soaked lawns and pound on his door until he listened , but we had gone back and forth for nearly three months .
julianne was squealing and clapping before nearly tackling me when we met in the middle of the lawn .
i guided him across the lawn and back into the main building .
ari held her breath , standing on the lawn by the tree in charlie 's yard , watching as charlie got out of the driver 's side .
i blinked , jerking my gaze from alex 's affectionate one to across the lawn .
jerome was behind the counter , looking as grumpy as an old man sitting on the front porch watching kids run across his lawn .
being a political party 's therapist must have paid pretty well , judging from the size of dr . cassidy 's house and lawn .
she disappeared into the car , and he stood there forlornly on the wet lawn , knife in one hand and torc in the other , watching until she vanished down the street .
well - established trees canopied the street , and tessa looked much more at ease here as she took in the quiet homes and wide green lawns .
the downside of these morning runs , aside from having to look at identical lawns , was the sweat .
it looked exactly the way i 'd left it , with its stucco finish and rock garden of a lawn .
nina grabbed my hand and began leading me toward a building across the lawn .
the frowsy green of the unkempt cemetery lawn was disturbed by a patch of brown , stark as a wound .
the lawns overgrown and iced over .
mow lawns for a living ?
i ' m standing on the edge of the lawn , looking down his street when he walks up behind me .
chapter 2 silas she wears ridiculously high heels that sink into the grass when she steps up on my lawn .
i ignore my team yelling at me as i stalk across the lawn .
she steps back off the lawn into the street .
he takes hold of his mom 's arm and starts marching her across the lawn , toward a car parked on the street .
i ' m always going to be the guy who wears jeans to fancy parties and who gets in screaming fights on his front lawn .
i sat on a bench at the edge of our lawn , eating brownies with mimi and sophia and watched as our guys played frisbee with benjamin and simon 's high school crew .
six yards of open lawn to cross in a dash , and he was knee - deep in the columbine and germander of the flowerbed .
it was lady grozier who spoke , standing on the veranda with lady dunsany to admire willie 's peregrinations on his pony around the edge of the lawn .
there were matters to be dealt with at the hospital , bills to be collected and paid at home , the maintenance of the house and yard to be attended to - i shuddered to think what heights the lawn in the backyard must have attained by now - friends to be called on ... one friend in particular .
it was hot and humid on this blue september evening , filled with the sound of crickets and lawn sprinklers .
he glanced toward the house , where the french doors were standing open onto the lawn .
the ship was pitching wildly , the deck swinging up and down like a lawn glider .
his father had often taken him - and sometimes his mother - to lie on the lawns at helwater , to look up at the stars and name the constellations .
it was a small clearing at first , and over the years i have enlarged it and finally made a lawn of it , but the edge of the clearing runs up to the trees .
in the evenings , quite often , deer come out of the forest to feed at the edges of the lawn .
on the ground , i lean against the grave marker next to his beloved juliette while fabuy bhe sits in the lawn chair he lugs everyday with him from his rusty ol ' pick - up .
we do sleep in the same bed , and i could smother noah with a pillow later tonight or toss his pants and boxers onto the front lawn of the hotel .
on the front lawn of her uncle 's house , jax and an older version of jax stand nose to nose .
everyone else - her father , her cousin , her brother - solidify into frozen dumb - ass lawn ornaments in his screwed - up world .
the old man eases down into a worn lawn chair that creaks under his frail body .
i gulp down the rest of the beer , toss the cup on the lawn , and follow after her - curious to see where she 's heading .
i stumble across their perfectly trimmed lawn .
nyelle stops in the worn path she 's making on the lawn , looking up at me in surprise .
soon the manicured lawns and expensive houses that dotted the hill were nothing but a blur as we raced back into the heart of the city .
everyone at hardy 's table had finished eating and had congregated outside on the lawn .
wearing her trademark sweet smile , miracle was walking down the slope of the lawn with a girl he recognized but did n't know .
you 're standing on my lawn telling me what to do about my daughter 's safety . ''
the sun had set and dusk was stretching across the streets and lawns like dark , yawning mouths gobbling up the last bits of light .
i fiddled with my napkin as i gazed longingly across the lawn to the picnic table i 'd shared for a while with my friends .
i set out across the tiny lawn that encircled the cabin then carefully began picking my way through the dark forest .
across the lawn , i could hear her teeth clicking together as she snapped them at his face .
i saw savannah sitting by herself at a picnic table out on the lawn .
i was chomping angrily on a celery stick when , much to my relief and chagrin , i caught sight of bo sitting down at a picnic table out on the lawn .
` ` come on , summer , '' she said , turning on her heel and stomping back across the lawn toward the table of stricken onlookers that i used to call my friends .
just then , lars lifted his head from where he 'd had it bent listening to trinity and his eyes locked with bo 's across the lawn .
twenty - five minutes later , i ' ve got a backseat full of lawn tools , a weed eater in my trunk and i ' m following dad 's directions to get to the home for which he 's been contracted to do the landscaping .
` ` wow , this place is gon na take you forever to maintain , '' i tell dad as i survey the expanse of lawn and all the elaborately planted beds .
the neighborhood is quiet and the lawn is empty , as are the steps leading up to the front doors .
my heart lurched as i saw the dead , clumsily making their way across the crispy lawn toward us .
the lawns are neat , but functionally so .
i spilled them on the lawn before running back inside .
when i dumped my precious items on the lawn that time , i was n't alone .
it sat in a rundown neighborhood with overgrown lawns and ugly chain - link fencing .
i stalked across the lawn , sticking my keys in my pocket while jared met me halfway .
she hauled up three collapsible lawn chairs from the porch and hooked the handles over her shoulders .
walking through the clean - cut lawns , veering down sidewalks under the canopy of nearly bare trees , i spotted the grotto tucked back into a rock wall .
when i lived here , that continued to be used throughout the cold months as well as the lawn furniture and barbecue area .
running across the lawn , i bolted for the sidewalk , wishing i 'd worn sneakers instead of sandals that flopped around on my feet .
after less than a minute he walked back out and started across the lawn to tate 's , jerking his chin at me to follow .
the smell of lawns being cut and barbecues grilling dinner .
looking over the vast green lawn of the town park , i saw liam 's camaro parked in front of applebaum 's bagels .
i stomped across the lawn , feeling the sharp blades of grass poke my ankles .
but i barely registered my cousin sitting in a lawn chair , talking closely with another girl .
shane smiled with eyes full of mischief as she sat cross - legged on the lawn chair .
noticing lots of people sitting close by in lawn chairs , i approached the table and spoke quietly .
but last night - and nearly every night this week , actually - i 'd opted to ignore shane and texts from nik and tate and either take long , long walks or sit on a lawn chair in the backyard and zone out listening to the ipod .
someone who beats up drug dealers on their front lawn .
climbing out of the car , i stared at the dark house as i waited for fallon and shane to follow me out and then started around the car toward the front lawn .
` ` what did you say to that guy on the front lawn last night ?
watching him , madoc , and fallon talk on the front lawn as jax crossed his arms , pushing out his chest , i brought myself back to reality , and i suddenly did n't care that the hair was gone .
my lips quivered as i stared at jax across the lawn talking to madoc and fallon .
the only other time i 'd been in here was the night he 'd gotten in the fight on the front lawn .
i pulled into tate 's empty driveway , already seeing the packed street and cliques of people carousing on his lawn .
i climbed out of the car and did n't break pace as shane came running up beside me on the front lawn .
climbing the stairs up my lawn , i took out my key and unlocked the front door , taking in the sight right away of unopened mail spilling over the entryway table and onto the floor .
tate fell down next to me on the lawn chair where i sat .
leaving them together on the chair , i walked to the beer tubs between the brick wall and the pool , both overlooking madoc 's extensive manicured lawn and the wooded area beyond .
a band was playing , and people had set up foldout chairs and blankets to cover the lawn in front of the stage .
this was a nice area with well - groomed lawns , a gate around the entrance , and rows of clean cars .
as she walked across the sidewalk up to the front door , she took in the smell of freshly cut lawn and pine that permeated the air .
a sprawling lawn led up to the all - brick edifice with colonial - style columns and a double wraparound porch .
from the time i was twelve , i mowed lawns , shoveled snow , delivered newspapers , washed dishes , did any kind of odd job i could find , to buy it .
manicured lawns , everything in place .
the bird was illuminated only by the moon in the cold , clear winter sky , shades of white , grey and dark against the shadows of his lawn standing there regarding him , its eye a small , golden glint of blinking wet , level with his own , its body as long as he 'd been when he was at his teenage gangliest .
the crane surged to its feet , flinging wide both its wings , and the man fell back in surprise onto the concrete slabs at the edge of his lawn .
she cried and came running to meet him halfway across the lawn , picking him up in a fearsome hug .
the white plastic table sat in the middle of the threadbare lawn , with two place settings of stainless - steel cutlery and a candle in a wine bottle in the middle .
jess sat down in her chair and , as she did , mrs deakins picked her way across the lawn , the pomeranians yapping at her feet .
he sprinted across the grass , still dripping , one hand clutching at the towel around his waist , trying to cross the lawn to block her before she could get round the drive to the road .
ed pulled up , let the engine tick down , and gazed out of the window at his childhood home , the freshly painted gate , and the lawn that looked as if somebody had been over it with nail scissors .
he was annoyed that he had spent lots of money in the autumn having the moss removed from the lawn and he would n't get to see the results .
fans whirred lazily overhead , and the women stood in jeweled clusters beneath them , occasionally patting their necks with fine lawn handkerchiefs .
out of the window , they could see esme chatting to two other girls on the lawn .
she watched him walk stiffly out of the main door across the lawns to where his lady friend was waiting in the car , his daughter skipping beside him .
the lawns and flowerbeds were tidy enough , even in october , to suggest a gardener 's vigilant attention .
she disappeared inside , and then reappeared at the window , hauling the contents of a laundry basket down on to what remained of the lawn .
i could already picture her growing up within it , her hair in two neat blonde plaits as she sat astride her first fat pony on the lawn .
like , start hacking so hard i have to bend over to try and catch my breath , my hands on my knees as i stare at the dew - covered lawn before me .
they 're all perfectly groomed and manicured , too , much like the lawns that line the streets outside .
she took the book straight out of my hands and told me to go mow the lawn or something , find a hobby .
i slow and turn right onto the street that leads into my neighborhood , my gaze drifting across the rows of beautiful houses , the perfectly manicured lawns , the expensive cars sitting in the driveway or parked out front along the curb .
i jogged as fast as i could in my robe and slippers across the front lawn and down the hill .
the moment rhys stood up from his lawn chair and held out his hand to me , i was a goner .
she started walking across the lawn to the garage .
he stood on the lawn , his guitar slung over his back .
my curfew was eleven o'clock during the week , and i was pretty sure that did n't include a lawn rendezvous in the middle of the night .
could it truly be possible a handsome guy with a beautiful heart was on my lawn in the middle of the night to sing a song he wrote just for me ?
it was absolutely breathtaking being inside the old home , and the large tent on the back lawn made for an intimate setting .
i then slipped my hand into his , and he pulled me out of the lawn chair .
i ' m walking along a pathway that leads past the scandalous front porch - just the sight of which brings a smug grin to my face - around a small pond , and through a landscaped grove of trees when i nearly trip over my own two feet and face - plant onto the perfectly manicured lawn .
the neatly manicured lawn beckons me to lie soundlessly on its bright green surface .
my eyes roam over to the left side of the lawn .
he tosses a stack of two - by - fours over his shoulder and carries them across the lawn .
he 's laughing and smiling with santino as they walk across the lawn toward the site of the guesthouse .
instead , i turn around , walking past the lawn and the pool , through the sliding doors , and back up the stairs .
i stood on the lawn with a kid hanging on each leg and i squatted down to hug them .
the front door slung open and two of the cutest little boys came running across the lawn , nearly tackling jessie right there in the grass .
i parked my car on the street in front of her house and ran across the lawn even though the sprinklers were on .
the sprawling lawn that lead to our stately home looked beautiful , like something from a tender storybook .
move out of our big house with the pretty green lawn and into a small apartment with a concrete patch for a yard .
a long road surrounded by manicured green lawns leads up to a stately home looming at the top of the hill .
our guests will be here shortly , '' her mother yelled across a massive lawn to a young olivia .
white party lights were strung all across the lawn , casting a subtle glow on the backyard .
they made their way through the party guests mingling on the enormous lawn , soon finding melanie and bridget .
he kissed her neck before heading across the lawn , surprised to be met with jealous eyes as he approached the bar .
there was a noise from across the small lawn .
even the low key gardeners that took care of some of the lawns drove better trucks than that one .
people passed out drunk on a wet lawn or in a dark , cool corner ?
guess i can get rid of these , she had said as shed tossed the coke bottle lenses on the lawn in her back yard .
there are miniature temple complexes secluded amongst forests of pygmy oak and here and there pagodas stand out like gilded sentinels on lush , blue lawns .
thu - thank you , goddess , the youth sounds anything but grateful as he leads the spider through a floral arch and out onto the sprawling lawns of the summer garden .
* the spider recognises many of the guests gathered on the summer lawn ; gods of her acquaintance , angels and demigods , high - ranking mortals and the obligatory clutch of media celebrities .
she sits on a deserted patch of lawn , her shaven head glistening in artificial moonlight ; a pale and tragic figure , wringing her scarred hands and singing a soft dirge to herself .
she stands just shy of nine feet , floating across the lawns , willowy and detached , her divine aura casting a soft blaze around her as she bows low to catch the words of her fellow guests .
the path leads them to the verge of a well - manicured lawn composed of alternating stripes of lighter and darker grass .
in the middle of the lawn three men squat on their haunches , shoulders hunched , heads bowed , resigned to some yet nameless fate .
very well , aphrodite snaps her fingers , the sound echoing out across the lawn .
at once two shadows detach themselves from the tree line and cross the lawn towards the squatting youths .
they lope silently across the lawn towards the three youths , humanoid , tall , thin and hairless , with corpse white flesh and small , misshapen heads .
her voice is gunshot loud , instantly freezing the tableau on the lawn .
she begins , but desdemona is already striding across the lawn towards the surviving youth and his misshapen antagonists .
what brings you to the south lawn ? ''
on the lawn were tables with craftsy items the parishioners had sewn , carved or otherwise created .
the dance was spilling out to the lawn behind the barn and there were more amusements and events starting up further away from ( never closer to ) the homestead main house .
pushing aside a roll of plastic lawn bags and his tire iron , he let the tools fall into the trunk with a clatter of metal on metal .
boffin waved the sheriff over to a lawn chair beside him .
easy come , easy go , he said in a gravelly voice to rem peterson , who sat nearby in a lawn chair drinking a lemonade with his left hand .
lets sit over there , on the lawn .
during the homey barbecue on the south lawn , thor caught magogs eye , and they held a private chat out of everybodys earshot , thanks to the secret service agents .
excellent , kick - ass brew , thor remarked to secret service agent # 1 , standing solemnly by the french windows overlooking the rose garden and the south lawn .
most of the grass in the front lawn was dead .
that part of the lawn was clear .
she watched as he ran toward her , his feet pounding against the lawn .
there was even a little bird bath in the middle of the lawn .
there was even a tractor and one of those seated lawn mowers .
weedwackers , a lawnmower , shelves , axes , and other lawn tools filled the outbuilding , and she waited in the dark structure till she heard the men move on into the distance then she left quietly .
john leapt out of the drivers seat , letting the car roll past the door and into the side lawn , and shoved everyone inside .
that jerk had let the car roll across the entire lawn and right into the next building after jumping out last night .
nicolas ran around behind and pushed the car , and once it gained traction on the lawn he jumped onto the trunk for the ride .
they marched up the lawn to hank , a tall man in a plain black suit leading them .
the tool used to end lespauls life was found at the edge of the woods , at the cusp where the finely manicured lawn began .
i ' ve just about lost sight of it when negrita jumps off the sofa , bounds across the lawn and launches herself into mid - air , her paws swinging at the black hole .
zula speaks a few words in tamasheq , ' emily , my heart will always be with you , ' and places a little posy of white daisies on the grave ; the same daisies that grow on the grassy lawns in the graveyard .
as i stomp up and down on my clothes , the bubbles overflow the tub and spread out across my back lawn , looking like snow .
we tumble onto my grassy front lawn in a tangle of legs and arms .
zeus arrives gasping for breath five minutes later to see the worm on the front lawn and me on the sofa .
julie 's across the lawn and about to run onto the road when danny rugby tackles her , knocking her to the ground .
annie arrives in a heap on my front lawn .
we give each other a long hug then annie walks out onto the lawn for a last look at the view .
he makes tea and toast and we sit out on the lawn , drinking our tea and looking out to sea .
he cautiously peeked out the curtains and eyed the south lawn .
president westwood continued to peek out the curtains making sure an alien craft was nt going to land on the south lawn .
it was morning in washington , d.c . another reteerg spaceship landed in the grass lawn between the capitol building and the grant memorial .
mister president , a small spaceship landed in the lawn between the capitol building and the grant memorial .
the reteerg spaceship parked in the lawn between the capitol building and the grant memorial .
he headed over to the garage where dale sat in a lawn chair by the 52 chevy .
jake walked around and sat down in the lawn chair .
marcus could care less while he walked over and sat down in the lawn chair .
back at marvins garage , marcus started to fall asleep in the lawn chair .
he jumped up from the lawn chair , removed the ray gun from his pants pocket .
back at the south lawn of the white house , president westwood held a special ceremony with the press .
pristine green lawns and well - trimmed flower gardens offered pride for the middle class neighborhood .
colored stone walkways criss - crossed through lawns and gardens decorated with elaborate fountains and statues .
markman walked the wide , deserted sidewalk beside a black wrought iron fence that guarded a short grassy lawn in front of an office complex .
he cut over onto the lawn as the woman disappeared inside the house .
farther ahead , another man was on a riding lawn mower while his wife worked in a flower garden along the front of their home .
the gray wash of early morning covered the street dead lawns , abandoned cars , twisted trees .
the stone walkway was still in good condition , but the wide , neatly - manicured lawn was brown and lifeless now .
every spring , jeanette and joey used to drag the bulging , stagnant vessels into the yard and dump their contents into the lawn beneath the willow tree , then refill the bags from the hose and drop in a few chlorine tablets .
their father runs across the lawn and screams for joey to come down before she catches cold .
jeanette moved across the lawn , settled under the tree , and took a pull from a beer .
suddenly a light turned on , casting a long shadow across the lawn .
` ` come on , '' eliza directed everyone to a set of lawn chairs in her backyard .
` ` the yard was lovely , although we did n't care much for the large pine tree on the lawn ... '' mrs . ringer went on for ten minutes about her old home in vancouver .
young soilans sit in wonder when they first hear stories of swimming pools , lawn sprinklers or washing with water .
there were several boxes stacked up on the lawn , and he immediately recognised several items of his clothing sticking out of the top of them .
far more likely , though , that he would find her body lying somewhere here on the campus lawns among the other corpses .
the deep , rich green of the campus lawns , the flowering dogwoods , and beautiful stone architecture of the various residence halls and academic buildings stoked the fires of pleasant memories from his days as a student here .
i see all these dead bodies out the window on the lawn , and then ally mackie held up his hand .
suddenly , dimmie saw four people bent over on the lawn .
he turned on his siren and pulled onto the property 's lawn with his gun raised .
` ` on a lawn . ''
aiden 's group had nearly cleared the lawn 's edge .
these parts already generously sprinkled the streets , lawns , sidewalks , and highways .
rednecks with guns had jumped from beds scantily dressed or totally naked looking out over the trailer court 's tiny lawns watching vigilantly with bats and rifles in their hands .
cody saw some children close to his age playing on the lawns under the watchful eyes of a loving community .
stepping off the porch and onto the lawn , she leaned over , stretching her body and muscles , loosening everything up .
alec squeezed her hand a bit as they kept walking across the lawn .
alec stopped them there on the lawn and pulled her to him .
the man who is dead on the lawn , we did confirm is the same one who killed kevin .
6 ) vehicles the team members took the following vehicles : 10 military - style combat motorcycles , 3 military m-151 jeeps , 3 military trailers , 10 military repair kits for jeeps , 10 military repair kits for the motorcycles , 1 military lawn mower , and 1,500 gallons of fuel for all of the above items .
when the strange disturbance ceased the world found itself in a different season than moments ago , a dusting of snow covered the ground that moments earlier was neatly mown lawn .
upon arrival at the gate , the girls knew they would nt spend all summer relaxing by the pool and sitting in a lawn chair all day .
so they ignored the warships and sent a landing craft to drop into the lawn opposite the whitehouse in washington ; just like in all the old sf films i used to watch .
the change of scenery was also evident , with more trees and lawns along their path as they walked deeper into town .
it sat on an impossibly large ( for tokyo ) parcel of land with trees and a lawn that would n't have been out of place on a large estate in colonial new england .
as soon as her bare feet landed on the cool linoleum , alex pulled her thick , wavy hair recklessly back in a worn rubber band and scaled the backdoor steps two at a time , spitting what was left of the toothpaste onto the dirt that served as a lawn at the home .
glancing about , he scanned what was an incredible amount of paraphernalia scattered over the driveway and weed - ridden lawn .
the front lawns are regularly mowed and the houses are smart looking double storey structures , vaguely identical , and well maintained .
we ran out onto the lawn just as the cops rolled up .
the un - dead are out there , eating my friends and standing on my front lawn , trampling all over my flowerbeds .
as a means of trespassing on the property of other people it was foolproof , so much so that people often thanked her for coming to pull her dog out of their garden before it decided to start dropping presents on their lawn .
some distance from the back door , toward the rear of the lawn , was a hole in the grass , fairly deep .
where the front lawn should have been was the largest garden henry had ever seen , an intricate wrought iron fence enclosing the entire thing .
crazy little snippets hit with no warning : nick leaving buckets on the lawn in summer because grandpas got him convinced the groundwater fairy will fill them up .
whoever it is , is racing towards the front lawn .
he floors it leaving tread marks on the front lawn .
its got two floors and the front lawn is impeccable .
i keep my eyes on the world outside , the front lawn , while the others hold their positions around the house .
he puts the spacecraft on cagneys lawn as we ve landed .
i walk through cagneys beautiful green front lawn .
the edges of the green lawns were traced by ground level sidewalks that led to a massive , four - story brick structure that covered nearly a half - mile of property along the shore .
they walked onto jimmy 's front lawn .
his dad had been planning to cut the lawn today .
she was sitting next to cindy on the lawn with her leg stretched out in front of her .
bye , and please feel free to not stay another night on my lawn ! ''
she stepped foot out onto the lawn , relishing the sensation of the morning dew tickling her toes .
jimmy shouted to the crowd of kids that was once again gathered on his lawn .
the blocky office monument on the small green lawn outside the government building reads : california unemployment services .
pird hopped down into the lawn the white stone wall protected .
the stout mustached owner of the lawn looked up from his weeding only long enough to give pird a wave .
stretching away from them were more ordered beds interspersed with lawns and hedges and , in turn , these rolled away to distant groves of enormous and ancient laken trees .
his crimson , silk shirt had voluminous sleeves gathered into embroidered cuffs and the large lawn collar was edged with fine strawberry lace .
lawns and gardens swept from the sides of the building and beyond .
his gaze went beyond the ordered flower beds and lawns to the distant groves of laken trees .
the front lawn was now getting ragged , and jorge had to shake off the itch to mow it .
jorge rolled , scrabbling for purchase on the lawn .
they crossed the secluded lawn , with rachel hoping no zapheads were attracted by the commotion in the house .
through the japanese maples on the front lawn , rachel could see the shattered window and the legs of miss daisys corpse dangling from the glass - strewn windowsill .
okay , wish me luck , rachel said , bracing to sprint along the perimeter of the lawn .
the gunshot sounded a split - second later , still reverberated between the houses as she sprawled on the scruffy lawn , moaning and leaking .
campbell dashed across the lawn , forgetting stephen in his panic .
stephen ran across the scraggly lawn as campbell helped rachel to her feet , and the boy dropped his doll in the enthusiasm of giving her a hug .
the fire had tried to spread across the lawn , but the dew had stifled it , so it contented itself with the wood , plastics , and fabrics already in its possession .
the zapheads had begun making their way toward the church , cutting across unkempt lawns and filthy parking lots .
the courthouse lawn was a wide public commons crisscrossed with walkways , punctuated with a bronze statue of some revolutionary war hero gone green with patina and pigeon poop .
the images of the bodies strewn across the courthouse lawn still haunted her .
the lawn was greenest grass , as pure and pristine as any golf green i have ever seen .
look at the flowers and lawn surrounding the trunk .
slim thoughtfully stepped back to the porch edge to spit out a disgusting brown wad of whatever - it - was he chewed onto my front lawn , as i looked with disbelief at my watch .
not one of those lame gardening books , though he d throw in a chapter on that stuff too , to pacify those dullards who mistakenly bought the book expecting to find lawn keeping how - tos .
suddenly the earth shuddered , as if shook by some gigantic footstep , and with a boom of cloudless thunder a glowing dragon - like beast appeared in the middle of the front lawn .
she turned off her radio and we listened and peered out at the front lawn , which was well illuminated by moon - light and the dim porch - light .
i scattered cantaloupe pieces on the lawn and sidewalk directly in front of me and waited .
i reached into my bag and tossed the remaining fruit and vegetables onto the lawn .
soon the contents of three more shopping bags , including fruit , nuts , and dog biscuits , were also scattered on the lawn .
i can picture her sitting outside on her reverse - gravity lawn chair , tossing toys at their dogs who dive into the pool to fetch them and bring them back to her , light glittering off the water droplets they shake at her .
what had once been a big lawn sprawled brown and dead .
pollen thick air filled the cabin of the cruiser , rich and swollen , thicker than any fresh cut lawn .
a young girl yelled and waved from her front lawn , and a little dog barked .
every so often , someone would hang a wooden swing from a tree outside the music hall , and on sunnier days couples could be seen kissing on the green carpet of university lawns .
they stood on the lawn in an odd twilight as the natural sun faded and the floodlights of the house tried in vain to take over .
the houses were dark and the paint on the brick and doors were chipping , but it was the lawns that gave nella an odd feeling of panic .
frank 's yard was a little weedy , speckled with the old brown husks of naked dandelions , but most of the other lawns had been tilled , their dark innards thawing in the warm spring night , waiting .
meir pointed to a three - story limestone palace on green lawns that encompassed most of the block , just below the very top of the hill .
the soft grass beneath my feet called to me and i knew that running across ranens rich , green lawns would be the most splendid thing i d ever done .
as soon as the dozen or so of my captors escorted me down the ramp onto the palace lawn with rifles pointed at my head and chest , the hounds started howling and clawing at the ground to get at me .
she had made up her mind not to go to bed until the return of her brothers , and she and her mother sat in a small room that was used as a breakfast - room , and which had a latticed window that opened on to the lawn .
the trees began to thin on either side of the dark path and finally petered out at the edge of a formal lawn .
she got up and strode across the lawn towards the steps up to the front door .
as they disappeared , something moved heavily through the trees towards the lawn .
to his right lay a small lawn between two low ridges of rock , with trees at one end and the cliff - edge at the other .
otherwise , the lawn was deserted .
he turned to see aoife crouching at the edge of the lawn .
both sides of the freeway lay covered in rich verdant lawns interspersed with masses of brightly - coloured flowers .
the unbroken hedge at the rear of the lawn served two purposes ; one of aesthetic pleasure and the other deception .
its a good thing were not coming here first , but if we have to come back , we might need a lock pick or some bolt - cutters to get in and then maybe a lawn mower or some napalm to search the place .
the lightness , the ease of effort , the shock of taking flight , all reminded her of the first time shed tried a trampoline as a seven - year - old on her granddads lawn .
the fourth day , i was mowing the grass while snowball scampered around the yard and the sheep crowded against the fence because they did n't like the sound of the lawn mower .
i shut off the lawn mower and slid from the seat to help round them up , thinking as my feet hit the ground that there was no way either of us could reach the woods before the sheep got lost in the underbrush .
` ` i would roll him across the lawn like a balling ball and he would bounce to his chubby little feet , give the sweetest doggie smile , then race after me , barking his little head off . ''
she picked her way through the flower bed and across the lawn , then jumped onto the wall and headed towards the school .
she crept across the lawn thankful that the evening shadows were deep as dusk slipped away .
she sent it careening toward him , intending to break his legs but he leapt onto a lawn of freshly mowed grass as the auto - flyer smashed into a light pole .
she turned sharply racing across the lawn , veering onto a paved trail that led to a shuttle station , connected to the main bio dome .
the war machine shielded her on the barren lawn as the soldiers closed in .
students lounged under trees with books situated in their laps or strolled across the smooth lawn with leaden packs .
# # # dave johnson stood across the street from the drug dealers house in a pair of black coveralls , pulling weeds from an overgrown lawn .
it was nt as though he had to mow the lawn or anything .
henry had already told campus security that he saw two kids outside the classroom on the campus lawn with what looked to be some kind of remote devices .
there was a can of gas for the lawn mower in the corner .
the vehicle pulled up by the front lawn , and uriah tried convincing himself he had no reason to fear .
* * * * the moonlight allowed sabrina to see the electromagnetic gun on livingstons lawn .
a rope ladder emerged , and the colonel climbed down it onto the perfect green lawn .
once the ember was off , he put the cigarette on the end of his thumb and prepared to flick it onto the lawn .
nick immediately jumped up , stammering as he attempted to explain exactly what he and my sister were doing lying side by side on the front lawn as the sun began to rise .
i closed my eyes , feeling the air whizzing past me as he bolted from the house , over the lawn and into the trees .
beth sat looking out at the street in an aluminum lawn chair .
bear crossed and sat in the other lawn chair that had been set up on top of the bus .
the dead girl slammed hard into the side of a garage three houses down the street , got up , stumbled to the back of the house , across the rear lawn , and then walked off the end of a retaining wall that dropped into a deep ravine at the back of the house .
gresham and an older man who looked stunningly similar to him were smiling and sitting in casual shirts on lawn chairs .
a group of kids were throwing a football around in a small , enclosed grass lawn at the end of the street .
a pair of polished steel lawn chairs had been folded neatly against the wall nearest the gate and a wooden table was pushed up against the home itself .
zurra decided against politely acknowledging them and moved on , finding a lawn chair that he gingerly put his towel down on and he removed his shirt , revealing to the assorted crowd his honors tattooed to his back and chest , their white color stark against his dark skin .
a fat old krokator was asleep on a lawn chair about ten yards away .
he slipped around the side of the house , the purposely overgrown honeysuckle masking his movements until he stood beside the short picket fence bordering the front lawn .
the one closest smiled , appreciative of carls move , and put a restraining hand on his partner , who was trying to move to the lawn and better position .
well , yes you can , mr . henderson , smiley strode off the side steps and across the lawn , flipping out creds with one hand and extending the other while , somehow , signaling the gorilla to take up that better position .
he dragged junior by his shirt to the front door and hurled him onto the lawn .
i mean , i got enough skulls impaled on the lawns around the white house .
but if those murrays keep showing up , i may have to expand out to the treasury lawns .
old , sour , mean mr . gardner who yelled at us and put the hose on you for riding your bike across his lawn .
and you laughed and said ohmigod a ghost , teddy , teddy the ghost and i was pleased when you said ' wait up ' and got your sheet and we got the bikes and we were fast , so fast , and there , mr . gardner , lumbering on his lawn and you , you jumped the curb !
the lawn is perfectly manicured , with colorful flowerbeds around a low deck .
west did the landscaping and lawn maintenance himself , so he thought it was absolutely perfect .
the pine needles and oak leaves from the ancient towering trees did nt even dare fall on the lawn .
it does pretty well and i use everything i grow out here in my landscaping and lawn maintenance business .
west shrugged as he pulled up to a square concrete building , then backed up until he was within range of a big bright blue trailer that mattie assumed was full of lawn stuff .
my lawn maintenance honestly does the best , and my sba advisor has always said i should focus on it instead of all this .
an automatic sprinkling system watered a well - manicured lawn and numerous eastern looking shrubs .
there was grass a story below and a bird that flew from behind the building , across a lawn , over to some trees in the distance .
the wall , where the image of the lawn and trees were projected , started to crack , and then dust fell through the cracks .
when they took a break one afternoon , they headed down to the great lawn just above the beach to play with frisco , drakes cool - ass australian sheppard .
you can come in on a buds open lawn about a half mile away .
sally asked as she helped him across the lawn .
they slipped across the lawn into the shadows under the trees , carrying silars hope with them .
back at the presidential suite at the capitol hotel bianca and gorky wait for the sun to set , she walks out to the roof balcony and sits on the lawn chair and crosses her legs .
it took her until well after dark to pull the body away after tying it to a lawn mower .
she first had to figure out how to move the lawn mower .
a young guy with a bad attitude exuding out of every pore sat in a lawn chair in front of them and cleaned his nails with a large hunting knife .
it struck her as funny that these houses were all hers now , and she told the group that as they walked through the snow across the lawn of the first house .
any action that is brought to us , and please , do not come to don or me and tell us that your neighbor 's dog is urinating on your lawn , because that will not gain the dog 's owner or the dog a strike ...
the backdrop of the amnesty woods , known to locals as a haunted complication , resided around it and behind it ; shrubbery growing into the brick structure as nature slowly takes over the signs of manmade architecture unkempt and unmaintained as well as around the large lawn before it and surrounding arched portal .
meanwhile , drax drove his stolen police transport across the grassy lawns and knolls nearby and he spotted the castle and recognized it .
chapter 80 time : 1947 a.d . , flintown the foursome , james , tina , mercedes , and drax landed together on their bottoms rolling onto the grassy hill near a mighty oak tree overlooking the plains below , the scorpion car soaring over them and crashing to the lawn nearby as the portal vanished slowly into its subspace dominion .
they trod over the short blue - green lawn beneath the cyan sky towards the white glare .
the two hi - mans turned from the strange staircase and walked away across the blue - green lawn .
curious , they rushed up the hill back to the cabin , eager to see if shed gone into her den , but they found her tearing around revs patch of lawn , such as it was .
they d both been bathed and were body surfing on the lawn .
dylan opened up the lawn chair he d brought down and wondered about buying a second bear chair .
time and time again , flaker anticipated with impressive reflexes and agility and blocked off its escape route , keeping it on the lawn .
that tall colored boy mowed the lawn for your mother .
as soon as he transfigured , satarel appeared hovering over the front lawn , backed by his henchmen , all with flaming weapons at the ready .
we saw him on the lawn with other guards .
he was out on the lawn taken by some guards .
we will meet on the south lawn by the gate at sundown .
but what could she really feel eating a sandwich , drinking a milk and coffee , diving into the blankets of a warm bed , walking barefoot on a lawn , on a sunny day ?
she listens to the croaking coming from a lawn .
we will pick you up with an ovoid not far from where you are now , on the observatory hill , in the lawn just in front of the building .
a gust blows some yellow napkins over the lawn .
an ovoid with the security symbol , an s - shaped golden snake , lands on the lawn .
very soon the downtown skyscrapers remain behind , replaced by lawns , interrupted here and there by patches of snow and by a thick wood of chestnuts and firs .
walking along a path lined with age - old trees , he passes by ten or so followers intent on praying aloud on a lawn .
now the followers are nothing but dots on the lawn .
on the way back , while he is close by the lawn again , he sees his assistant appearing round the corner .
three mothers are gathering up their children scattered over the lawn .
she passes through a palm grove and arrives at a lawn with a spotless bungalow in the middle .
bent forward , with their weapons in their arms , the raiders climb along a muddy path , up to a lawn studded with palms bent by the wind .
the building is at the center of a lawn bordered with willows .
with a jump , they get over the fence and plunge onto a lawn .
after half an hour they reach the white building of the computer science institute , in the middle of a lawn .
a few guards exited the school , walked to the front lawn , then turned around and tossed some kind of canisters to the roof .
the new mirage was being built larger than before and was rumored to have a space shuttle landing on its front lawn every night .
july 2nd , 2025 england noon cambridge the old schools , trinity lane , cambridge cb2 1tn , united kingdomthe sign proudly exclaimed as professor everett evans strolled onto the beautifully manicured lawn that fronted the old ancient school .
where there had once been a manicured lawn and flower beds , now long grass and weeds covered everything , creeping even across the driveway in places where cracks had formed in the concrete .
everything looks so different with the lawn all grown up and stuff .
the grass surrounded it like an overgrown lawn .
the main drag through the community , which ended in a cul - de - sac , held about twelve to fourteen geeks and a further six on the various front lawns .
the trees had nt been pruned , and the lawns were as unkempt as in lillys neighborhood , but the grass here was nearly as tall as me .
we passed by the houses as we approached the turnaround , but the grass lawns had our vision pretty obscured .
the bus would cut through nice suburban neighborhoods , letting kids off here and there in front of big , beautiful homes , meticulously manicured lawns , and june cleaver waiting with open arms for little beav to run in .
mikey missed a turn , jumped the curb , and tore up the front lawn of somebodys house .
and the lawn .
when jacy pushed the front door open this time , it was bright and sunny out on the front lawn .
the earth had been artificially tilled and irrigated ; topsoil probably trucked in , to give the homeowners perfect , emerald green lawns .
the engine thrum reverberated off the stone and slate rooftops as she screeched around corners past manicured lawns and gleaming street signs .
when spring finally arrived that year he arranged to borrow his fathers lawnmower and cut lawns for five dollars .
they entered a smaller room with a bay window facing the front lawn and shrubbery .
the lawns also regained their color , and the tulips and daffodils bloomed .
it was a quiet day in the street and though elderly mrs . hecuber pulled dandelions on her small front lawn , all the other yards were empty , cars gone from the driveways .
a gentleman in a nice grey suit and rather interesting tie appeared on the screen that looked out on the back lawn .
more so he was in awe of the massive lawn just on either side of the tree line .
the lawn seemed to go on forever .
the lawn was green and soft , the perfect place to learn and practice .
avon and jeremy would run each morning , have breakfast , do their weight training , eat lunch and then spar on the lawn with their bamboo sticks .
the front lawn was no longer green : it was covered with the same black snow that had dusted the inside of the houseonly more of it .
old man rossi hated for kids to trample on his pristine lawn .
and the dead surrounded us : in cars and busses , on the sidewalks , on lawns and parking lots .
panicked tenants quickly shuffled out the nearest emergency exits and gathered on the front lawn in their robes and slippers .
tall grass and weeds took over what was probably a nice lawn at one point .
here , let me help you with that , he said , cutting across his front lawn .
if you ll excuse me , ben said , dashing across his lawn .
ben and kyle decided to stay put , finding refuge in a backyard storage shed huddled in the dark next to a lawn mower , a tool bench , and some indeterminate junk .
within minutes of the alarm , people began to pour out from all exits and gather on the front lawn in their pyjamas .
i pictured her in a bathrobe standing on the threshold of her garage with a gun , yelling for the neighbouring kids to get off her lawn .
two houses down from annalises , right on the corner , a man ran from his door just as a belovore set a foot on his lawn .
there s some men out there on the lawn .
it was expansive , with rolling lawns along one side , a pool , and a great deal of beachfront .
back towards the main part of the house , naked guests and sexbots were running down the stairs and onto the back lawn .
the second bulb was spread over a flat lawn of pubic grass .
there were fresh tire tracks driven straight across the front lawn that stopped near the door .
a few feet beyond the blood was a briefcase that was broken open , laying on the lawn , its contents spilling out onto the bright green grass .
just as the car turned a corner at the end of their street , aaron caught a glimpse of a large black humvee barreling up the hill and onto their lawn .
a black humvee was barreling across his lawn toward the front door .
papers came pouring out , scattering around the lawn beyond the patio .
she saw a nice lawn about 100 yards from the building and decided to plant it there , she could come in over the building dropping onto the lawn while tom opened the ramp .
she saw a nice lawn about 100 yards from the building and decided to plant it there , she could come in over the building dropping onto the lawn while tom opened the ramp .
as joan came in low over the roof , she pitched the nose up and increasing the collective to slow down rapidly and she slammed the rear wheels into the soft lawn taking up a ton of energy , she backed off on the throttles and allowed the nose plow into the soft grass .
> > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > this landing on the lawn in front of the building where the edu was located was a little gentler .
as joan approached and sat down , she was impressed by the large gouges she had left in the lawn on her last landing .
that 's why you always end up with a clump of lawn that looks untouched . ''
what 's happened to my lawn ? ''
hanileh crossed the vast green lawn and followed the graveled ground transport path to the gatehouse that separated the domicile lands from the outside world .
the horse , with nowhere to go and nothing else to do , lifted its tail and unceremoniously emptied its bowels on the perfectly manicured palace lawn .
she loved seeing her state - of - the - art smoothglide deluxe cut through the sharp creases leaving behind fabric which looked brand new and flat as her manicured lawn .
she thought of her neat little semi - detached home with its perfectly flat lawn and flower borders and knew that no self - respecting fairy would want to live there .
from late spring through early fall , the lush lawns served as a central gathering place , where students playing frisbee tried not to trip over others lounging on the grass .
she looked past them and saw what galahad had seensix grotesque , vaguely humanoid forms loping rapidly across the lawn toward the house .
miriya did not know which creature issued the order , but as one , they all turned and loped away , cutting across the lawn and vanishing into shadows as they neared the tree line .
we found a couple of lawn chairs that had been set out for people to watch the dancing .
she smiles pleasantly and takes a brief look at blake and me on her porch , then glances at the others standing on her front lawn .
the lawn is green and healthy but looks like it has nt been cut for a month .
the porch is cluttered with lawn care tools and patio furniture .
i pull spartacus out of a yard where he s made use of the pause to chew on a cabbage patch doll that was left on the lawn .
` ` i know that lawn sure needs mowing . ''
would you mind letting us mow the lawn or something like that ?
the lawn is in disgraceful shape , ill admit .
if you want , i can show you where the lawn things are on my way out .
by the time mr . cameron returns , the lawn is mowed and edged and the grass is neatly bagged next to the trash cans .
in my mind i see owners with lawn mowers , kids on bikes , sprinkler systems and rolling trashcans .
robbie helps mr . cameron out of the lawn chair , but once up , mr . cameron seems to be doing okay on his own .
i neck spin to the window , eye burning the beautifully manicured lawns , the sparkling swimming pool , and the secured wooden fence posts .
the green manicured lawns lead into a set of double wooden gates and into a thicket of hilly grassy pastures .
i lead apollo down the narrow path , back through the gates , pass the barn , and finally to the edge of the manicured lawn of my mansion .
green lawns .
lawn mower , leaf blower , it did nt matter , just something small without an electronic ignition or brain .
i think returning to the land is fine , except a mowed lawn is okay also .
i guess there are no more lawns to be mowed though .
i arrived thirty minutes late at brownton , the ground and lawn of the institution being this highly drenched and wet , to the point that each time that i made my way on the non - paved walkway , i had to be meticulously careful and attentive of where i stepped and how i made that particular step .
tim and patty leaped down from the old porch and raced across the lawn .
he muttered as he stood back up and began to search the lawn .
his eyes rose from the lawn and fell on the hubert house across the street .
the grass poked through the pavement in large clumps , and the vines wound around it and back in the direction of his own front lawn .
` ` the way he said ' you ' ve earned it ' he sounded like we 'd mowed his lawn for him ! ''
kion slowed the air speeder down and landed between the two larger buildings on a soft manicured lawn .
he hit it toward carrie , but calvin arrested it halfway , steering it to alvin , who sent it back to him , and off to jordan , who stood all alone and far away , he cast it , and she forwarded it to alvin , who had bolted further away from calvin , and he in turn tossed it to calvin , who stroked it twice , firstly sending it upward , then skipping up to stroke it sideways , and , utterly wrecked and shattered and ruptured by the nails of his chutcher rod , the ball fell down and fizzled to silence on the green lawn .
sure darling , like when you go on a field trip with your class or chase butterflies out on the lawn .
instead she took the time to go outside and enjoy the fresh air while cleaning up from some palm fronds that had littered the front lawn during some recent windy days .
when we go to the beach , all you do is put up the umbrella , squirt sunscreen all over yourself , and sit on a lawn chair reading a book .
she found the beach umbrella and the two lawn chairs inside one of the closets .
moments later , they d set everything up on the sand and suella was going to open up a book and start to relax in the lawn chair .
natalie announced as she tossed her beach towel on the other lawn chair and streaked toward the blue water .
when the van pulled into their driveway , suella saw a clear , well - manicured lawn and a tranquil , inviting house .
as suella walked on the sidewalks in her neighborhood , she passed a couple of gardeners trimming lawns with buzzing weed - whackers as , on the street a few hybrids eerily floated past .
you do nt have a garden or a lawn .
at daybreak , gripping his pitchfork , paul ventured out and discovered a stretch of lawn ploughed up .
* * * * arthur and jack the last time arthur saw his ailing twin brother , jack had hobbled out and stared helplessly at the mounds of earth disgracing the rear lawn , his wifes pride .
for example , the lawn , his pride , a disgrace now , the grass knee - high and of course the moles at work .
and she wanted no paid stranger mowing his lawn .
she pointed out that the lawn mower was self - propelled and pressed jacks gardening overalls on him .
sweating hard , he turned to the lawn mower .
as her panicked voice called his brothers name , new mounds , like miniature tumuli , rose all about him , the lawn less and less green , now nothing but black , like her dress and the familiar mole on the rise of her left breast , and now the sky black too .
green seeped back to the lawn , blue to the sky .
i push them over and send them rolling down the lawn to the beach .
when i get back down , jesus and azziz are sitting out on my front lawn munching on charred bits of slimeball .
she 's one of the teroid models , and wears a dress made of little daisies , like the ones that grow on my front lawn .
i click my fingers and the worm appears on the front lawn .
the lawns are mown , the garden is weeded and dinner is cooked .
once they ' ve picked themselves groggily off my front lawn , i march them on my sofa , still pointing my canon at them and clarify things .
we light a bonfire on the beach and barbecue fresh fish , then the zinodes set up a screen on the front lawn and we watch manchester united playing liverpool .
i go fishing off the rocks every morning and have fresh fish for breakfast then hunt around my lawn and eat any dandelion flowers that have popped up .
i click my fingers and the white wormoscopic refractor appears on my front lawn .
the slimeball is charging along behind us , cutting a broad swathe through the prairie like a giant lawn mower .
once castor has appeared , i land the fighter on my front lawn and go inside to make a cup of tea , a strong cup of tea , with sugar and a just a little nudge of something stronger .
he 's giving them pony rides around the front lawn .
i make a cup of tea ; get myself comfortable on the sofa and with a click of my fingers the worm appears on the front lawn .
we 're back on my front lawn .
enzo flies out , circuits around my head a couple of times , then shoots across the lawn .
jesus stands him up on the lawn , looking out to sea , poised , ready to defeat an unseen enemy .
a full - of - years man with ashen hair and ashy pale skin and lawn green eyes .
aw snap featured a very creative sequence with bondage , mannequins , lawn sculptures , yellow rain from sprinklers , gourmet food , and a string quartet of naked sexbots wearing blindfolds .
the medicine man himself sat propped up in a lawn chair under the nearly full moon , drinking from a quart bottle of beer .
we all came outside and sat ourselves down opposite the mongeese , except for bone man , who angled himself uncomfortably into a lawn chair .
there were wide swathes of manicured park up there where feathery willows , sculpted hedges , stunning lawns and dramatic commons nestled among stately homes inspired by someones idea of the hacienda and the belle poque .
all the ground on that side of the street ; the lawns , the roads , the commons , the insides of the skeletons of the once - mansions rising up the scorched hill was blackened .
the road up to the business park was lined with white barked spruce and a manicured lawn on each side .
there were a few dead bodies on the lawns and one in the middle of the street below .
to get the money i mowed lawns till i was dizzy and swiped coins from newsstands .
now the house as it was in this time - stratum emerged out of a sea of weeds , once a big lawn and flower garden .
everything was weeds now except for a minimum patch of lawn next to the front door .
behind her was a big two - story house with a sheet - iron disney deer and a white bench on an impeccable lawn .
the woman reached the end of the lawn .
it must have reminded her of what i d done to the lawn mower .
as soon as i stepped outside into the suburban banality of manicured lawns and backyard barbecues the symptoms weakened .
it was an aluminum pole thrust into the lawn with a little platform on top and a spike to hold the block of suet or margarine .
running through her open gate , looking around for a stick on that impeccable lawn of hers .
they slither across the lawn in convergence toward the living room window .
the green paint - job on the cables is fine camouflage for the lawn but not for the white wall .
on the lawn a red tricycle is half hidden by motionless rows of pink red , yellow tulips .
at that thought he longs for the fresh new green smell and sees her nostalgically with her real face that first time , weeping from frustration at hannas lawn mower .
she jogged among the cabins , following the main trail - a ribbon of brown on the velvet of the lawns .
eventually , she collapsed under a tree on the edge of the common lawn that fronted the ceremonial hall .
he squinted up at the street lights though they were n't even on , then raced over to try to talk to a man with a lawn mower .
on the northern side of the square was a small lawn enclosed on three sides by tall walls , some of them looking as if they could n't decide whether to topple over in the next few minutes or stay where they were for another few thousand years .
i leapt out from the shadows and ran across kara 's lawn as she opened her door .
it had a perfectly manicured lawn and a fountain in the centre .
so he chose to walk along the well - manicured lawn interspersed with small tree groves , versus one of the many intersecting sidewalks .
the moment he stood up his senses would have normally logged the texture , smell and color of the weird lawn .
seated at the side of a large oak , one could see glimpses behind him of the campus lawn and portico of the engineering building , its polished steel columns reflecting off the warm street lamps less than a hundred yards away .
their view shifted left to right with militant purpose , scanning the length of pristine lawn seen in every viewable direction framed by a row of trees a few hundred yards away .
they stepped onto the lawn , moved several yards away from the entrance and then stopped when no one met them .
the overgrown lawns and countless homes served as prime habitat for squirrels , rabbits , and deer .
she maintained that walking pace as they went between rows of airport buildings , across overgrown lawns , and eventually into the massive airport parking lot for the many automobiles .
in between the shutters are glimpses of the prefecture campus which is made up of perfectly manicured lawns dotted by the occasional oak , though oddly enough , no people .
stanley ignores me as he storms across the front lawn to his car parked by the curb in front of my house .
trying to close the distance between allard 's toes and the lawn .
heinrich was known to be a bit of a pilferer of the sites he excavated , rendering priceless ancient stone monuments common lawn ornaments , and selling golden treasures on the black market .
inside the dome , a pair of railway lines crossed a section of lawn , bisecting the grass .
he stared in amazement at the empty lawn .
a glowing sign suddenly appeared at the back of the lawn .
he was now some distance from the prison lawn .
the force of my impact scattered them like lawn pins .
the soldiers saw an expanse of green lawn with a castle in the background .
most of the people they passed were farmers heading to nearby agriculture pods or the edge of the dome where ancient residential lawns had been turned to farmland for the growing of cigarleaf and soycorn .
shaded by tall plane trees , the ground covered in freshly mown green lawn .
the animal stood still and cropped at the short lawn as the girl ran up the steps , opened the door and went to the first room on the right .
she swung open the screen door and walked down the steps of their front porch onto the modest patch of lawn .
after stepping over paula 's bicycle in the middle of the lawn , christina fiddled with the knob trying to remember which channel terrance had told her to use .
she was outside pacing throughout their tiny lawn .
erica noticed he was looking past jeff at the lawn .
it looked pretty fair , all things considered , and filled up a good chunk of my lawn .
well , the various investigators investigated , asked questions , and tromped all over my lawn for most of the day .
i watered the lawn and grabbed some more .
seamus noticed that this close to the building the ground was a greener , healthier - looking grass , almost a typical park lawn .
i asked her as i laid back on my lawn chair and looked up at the stars , that sounds like stoner logic , savannah mack .
she laid back on the lawn chair and closed her eyes .
* * * when i returned home , i found lucy out in front of the house , slumped over in a lawn chair , instructing akio and macie on how to straighten the window panes that they were hammering back into the house .
how the three of usher , james , and mehad stayed up late , playing games , how we had gone swimming in the lake , how she had helped me make meals in the kitchen , how she had played for hours on the lawn with the other children .
the street in between dipped and rose in places , and the lawn over there had large patches of brown dirt .
seeing that house reminded me of my own childhood home of kneeling on the front lawn , surrounded by mps in their gleaming white armor .
jenica lands the craft on the lawn of hexley hall and unbuckles her harness , turning toward the scared people huddled toward the back of the aircraft .
it is because of this raid that i encounter a girl with a bionic eye , who sits on the lawn in front of a sprawling , three story house with a white picket fence , crying as she stares down the barrel of a gun .
maybe its because of the three bodies strewn across the lawn behind her ; two adults and a child no older than five , all dead .
the public execution is set for four hours from now , and already the twisted and convoluted streets are filled with people making their way to the lawn of the nations capital building , where olivia and several others will be executed by firing squad .
behind the barrier , on the lawn , the soldiers of his guard swarmed out of the parked escort ship and spread out , taking up a defensive formation and holding their pulse weapons , although with muzzles lowered .
` ` there 's blood on the lawn , '' mione said .
pang had finished watering the lawn , and was walking over to mike and the haulers .
the transmission vectors were all over the planet - drinking water , in the shower , swimming pools , and lawn sprinklers - anywhere .
a bevy of young kids were dancing together on a green lawn .
the eschaton cycle season one 1.1 the burst 1.2 dixon can do 1.3 meitner2 1.4 the decider 1.5 perfect victim 1.6 cosmo 1.7 exodus 1.8 evac 1.9 tetra 1.10 pale yellow dot table of contents title page 1.1 the burst 1.2 dixon can do 1.3 meitner about the author copyright page 1.1 the burst oak hill , massachusetts may 28 , 2079 huddled in the reassuring comfort of a fleece blanket , harrison was reclining in his lawn chair and looking at the stars when they suddenly disappeared , all of them at once , leaving behind nothing but eerie darkness .
harrison turned around and first looked at abby , then at the plate full of grapes she had placed next to the electric candle on the small table between their lawn chairs .
as the group gathered on the lawn in the rose garden , quietly mumbling to one another and trying to make sense of the situation , dixon suddenly raised his hand .
as they came forward they split up , one walking onto the lawn , the other heading toward the back of the house .
the first man was no longer on her lawn .
the second man appeared on the lawn , squinted at the front of her house , then headed back toward the car .
siferra felt a powerful urge to strip her clothes off and sprint across the great green lawns of the campus , letting the rainfall flow down her body in an unending delicious stream to wash her clean at last of the infernal desert dust .
she stood on the observatory lawn , legs far apart , head thrown back , pulling breath deep down into her lungs .
turning , siferra darted behind the archaeology building , pushed her way through the bushes on the far side of the pathway in back , ran diagonally across a lawn , and found herself in front of a blocky gray building that she recognized as botany .
an angry charred spot appeared on the lawn , and wisps of smoke came curling up .
people had lived there , a family , proud of their house , their neighborhood - tending their lawn , watering their plants , playing with their pets , giving dinner parties for their friends , sitting on the patio sipping drinks and watching the suns move through the evening sky .
they dropped down on the lawn and lay there a moment , as though dazed .
the ancient house became an estate with a grand lawn that rolled down to the muddy water .
` ` hi , '' she said , standing in the middle of the lawn .
echea looked at the house , the lawn , the lake , and whispered .
echea was standing near her window seat , gazing at the lawn as if she did n't dare let it out of her sight .
it flirts between the scenes , steals outlines , blurs faces , commandeers bits of dialogue , makes a lawn into a lake , a domestic comedy into a primeval horror ? duck - rabbit .
` ` i have my friends , the trees and the lawns and all the animal life - forms to keep me company , and growth to encourage in geometric form , even in the winter .
he set off at an undignified run through the chaos on the great lawns , and dashed into the small palace without ceremony .
it was just that looking outward through the same windows before which lay the city , one could see the stars and among them the outer worlds , where there were no cities but only gardens ; where the lawns were streaks of emerald , where all human beings were kings , and where all good earthmen earnestly and vainly hoped to go some day .
go , and find how well you can compete with their own trained lawns as something to be gently trod upon .
ordinary - looking gray buildings , bare and plain , rose from pleasant green lawns studded by occasional small trees .
now a pair of robot gardeners tended the glistening green lawns and pruned the glorious hedges of fiery red azaleas and trimmed away the dead fronds of the towering palm trees that ran along the ridge behind the house .
only the research center remained behind on earth , in a grand and lovely parklike setting of vast green lawns and sturdy wide - spreading leafy trees .
great lawns , some of them getting a bit dry , scruffy , and thin - looking , separated the houses .
but a dying lawn was no less wondrous than a live one to caliban .
he stood at the edge of a broad and verdant park , dotted stands of trees , great lawns , spraying fountains .
caliban had seen many other work crews come out in the last hour or so , likewise doing needless maintenance work : searching for litter that was not there ; polishing the gleaming windows ; weeding the weedless gardens and lawns of the parks ; busily keeping the empty city core shining and perfect .
there are spacer worlds that are virtually nothing more than planetwide well - manicured lawns .
fredda took him by the hand and led him away from the cold sterility of the terraforming center , out away from the lifeless stresscrete of the parking lots , and out onto the cool green lawns that surrounded the center .
a space between two trees revealed an expanse of lawn .
in that direction , across the lawn .
walking across the lawn came a woman with an accompanying robot .
giskard brought the airfoil to rest on a wide lawn before a broad but not very high building , with an intricately - carved facade that was clearly new and yet gave the impression of imitating something quite old .
73 baley 's sadness persisted as he walked across the long lawn to fastolfe 's establishment .
81 once again , baley crossed the lawn between fastolfe 's establishment and gladia 's .
seldon looked out of the window and the lawns and small garden of the university campus , brilliantly lit without shadows or oppressive heat , and said thoughtfully , ` ` i do n't know that i can blame trantorians for liking the comfort of being within , but i should think curiosity would drive some upperside .
i ' ve heard people say - otherworlders , like yourself , who did see trantor from space - that the planet looks green , like a lawn , because it 's mostly grass and underbrush .
the picture showed the corner of a dwelling place with a rolling lawn and a line of hedges in the foreground and three of what could only be described as robots .
there were trees , lawns , walks , almost as though he were on the campus of his old college on his home world of helicon .
` ` i have my friends - the trees and the lawns and all the animal life forms to keep me company - and growth to encourage in geometric form , even in the winter .
he set off at an undignified run through the chaos on the great lawns and dashed into the small palace without ceremony .
there 's a white fence on the far side of the lawn .
chapter thirty - eight murphy zipped around the house , tearing up the lawn with her harley .
the lawn was dotted with clusters of people saying goodbye or arranging rides home .
clanking oil derricks and mesquite trees went right up to the city 's edge , and instead of green lawns most people had dirt front yards .
the native desert scrub they planted to keep the soil from eroding needed a lot less water than grass - and looked better , rex thought - but in bixby not having a real lawn meant that you were poor or lazy , which most people figured was pretty much the same thing .
the rip was n't glowing red here in normal time , but dess could see its current shape in the color of the grass , as if the contortion were a giant piece of lawn furniture .
dess appeared , slipping from her window and crossing the threadbare lawn at a deliberate pace .
jonathan pulled out onto the street , swinging the car into a wide one - eighty that kicked up dust on dess 's dying lawn .
there was no for sale sign on the lawn yet or any other way to distinguish the day house from the others on the street .
` ` what about sharpening table knives and scissors and lawn tools ?
my landlady 's lawn mower blade could use a hand job from a girl like y - ` ` ` ` dresden , '' gard hissed , her eyes both furious and wide with near - panic .
and a navy helicopter landed right out there on the lawn less than an hour later .
the bene gesserit also thought of trees for shade and shelter , or to cast interesting shadows on lawns .
the by - now - familiar garden landscape stretched out behind them : floral bushes ( roses , he thought ) , rolling lawns , tall trees .
there was still dew on the lawn beyond the tiles where , when the sun had risen far enough , servants would distribute comfortable chairs and tables .
dwarf apricots in green fruit , lawn , benches , small tables .
the tranquilizer had begun to take effect , and he gazed out of the window of the courtroom , at the lawn .
all he seemed able to do was gaze out at the lawn beyond the windows , the warm , green , dry lawn .
all he seemed able to do was gaze out at the lawn beyond the windows , the warm , green , dry lawn .
anyhow , nathan thought , as he gazed out at the warm lawn and the sunlight , the shops and people , she finished packing her things and then i drove her and them to her family 's house in sacramento .
there are wide green lawns , carefully kept and trimmed , complete with sculpted trees and bushes , a fantastic view of the city 's skyline , and quick access to the freeway .
now open this damned door and help me , or i swear to god i am going to come camp out on your lawn in my sleeping bag . ''
the green lawns and tended trees of the industrial park hosting the forensic institute appeared as the suv rolled up the ramp .
what would have happened if they 'd found you missing , blood all over the place , the building ransacked , and phil 's corpse lying in the morgue or on the lawn outside ? ''
zombie scrap parts littered the top of the stairs , the gravel parking lot , and the little lawn .
it was a dinky little place , and resided in a neighborhood built before edison 's lights went into vogue , and while some areas like that became ragged and run - down , this particular street looked more like some kind of historical real estate preserve , with well - kept lawns , trimmed trees , and tidy paint jobs on all the homes .
i pulled the beetle into the driveway , hesitated for half a second , and then continued up onto the lawn and around to the rear of the house , parking beside a little outbuilding that looked like a toolshed as envisioned by the gingerbread man .
the area between them was a nicely kept lawn , too small to look like a park , but larger than you 'd want to mow every week .
it had a tidy front lawn that was always green , even in the midst of a blazing chicago summer .
it had a few shady trees , a lot of well - kept shrubberies , and if i had found a couple of deer grazing on the lawn or drinking from the birdbath , it would n't have surprised me .
the large tree centered on the back lawn cast lots of shade in the summer , but with the leaves gone i could see the fortresslike tree house michael had built for his kids in it .
` ` i help make sure that thieves , spies , and poor wandering spirits do n't wind up all over the lawn . ''
susan got out and looked around the front lawn , frowning from behind black sunglasses .
a naturally occurring laboratory resembling to an extraordinary degree an original earth ( may she rest in peace ) biome , well - stocked with the proper flora and fauna by the original colonists ( environmentalists all ) and heroically resisting all attempts to reduce it to another suburban sprawl of lawn - grass , disney forests , and babbling brooks .
its blades vertical now , the quibble sank to an asphalt spot in the center of the great lawn of the house .
` ` leave the records in the car and come along , '' she said to him as she slid from the quibble and upright , onto the lawn .
crawling out of the far side of the quibble , jason lurched across the thick moist lawn , toward the nearby oak trees .
herb thumped him on the back and said nothing ; the two men walked across the lawn in silence .
cuthbert fell backward onto the lawn , his eyes cloudy and dazed at first .
they started back together over the green lawns , casting shadows in the fine white spring light .
the old reverend mother schwangyu spoke with deliberate bitterness as she looked down from the third - story parapet at the lone child playing on the enclosed lawn .
the child on the lawn appeared to be about twelve standard years of age , but appearance could be deceptive with a ghola not yet awakened to his original memories .
schwangyu nodded toward the child on the lawn below them .
but that was a genuine duncan idaho ghola down there on the lawn .
the room 's bow windows looked eastward onto garden and lawn with faraway snowy mountains of chapter house planet as backdrop .
tall sliding doors of heavy plaz framed the room 's eastward view down a long sloping lawn to trees beside the river .
a low fence of white palings at one side enclosed a closely cropped lawn , a space near enough to the fountain that the air would be moist but not so close that the splashing water would intrude on low - voiced conversation .
the ghola had stopped his controlled tumbling across the lawn .
she saw a molten line cut toward her as she flung herself to the left , twisting and dropping onto the lawn .
- ancient drinking toast he remembered sitting at the edge of a wide lawn .
there were still signs of his presence here - a small holostat projector revealing a scene of his home on lernaeus ; the stately old house , the long lawn , the river .
dak was in a lawn chair when she arrived , sitting under the branches of an apple tree as he read from a gigantic book .
reading the new york times made him feel for a little while as if he were back home again , in south pasadena ; his family had subscribed to the west coast edition of the times , and as a boy he remembered bringing it in from the mailbox , in from the street lined with apricot trees , the warm , smoggy little street of neat one - story houses and parked cars and lawns tended from one weekend to the next without fail .
it was the lawn , with all its equipment and medicines , that he missed most -- the wheelbarrow of fertilizer , the new grass seed , the snippers , the poultry - netting fence in the early spring ... and always the sprinklers at work throughout the long summer , whenever the law allowed .
but there had been no prosecution , and today the canal , modestly named after rockingham 's eldest child , carried water eighty miles out into the desert , so that pat rockingham could live in a lovely spot and have a lawn , a swimming pooi , and a fully irrigated flower garden .
mark followed alec 's lead , crossing the dead lawn - now nothing but weeds and rocks - into the shadow of a home that had once been a mansion .
but with a scorched roof and filthy walls and a weed - choked , yellow lawn , it looked ancient .
there was a truck tire on the front lawn .
the ship taxied from connecticut avenue onto mccomb street and soon was parking before 3039 with its black wrought - iron fence and tiny lawn .
looking out , eric saw the building , the lawn and heather hedge .
his steps made no sound , he noticed ; he had strayed onto the lawn , but he still kept his eyes shut .
the hum of turbines and giant fans above grew louder , but before they overwhelmed my ears i heard the rustling of a brood on the move below , like a lawn full of leaves stirred by an impatient wind .
eric was crawling around on the lawn in his diapers .
but my memory was vivid ; staring out the window , i saw all of us again , out on the lawn .
i stared out the window and as i watched , the sprinklers kicked on , shooting up cones of spray all over the lawn .
they were going to burn out the fucking lawn .
eric went out onto the lawn .
molly remained cool , distant , and untouchably silent all the way over the small lawn .
then there was the other kind of cop - guys like greene , who had n't ever seen anything remotely supernatural , who went home to their house and 2.3 kids and dog and mowed their lawn on saturdays , who watch nova and the science channel and subscribe to national geographic , and keep every issue stored neatly and in order in the basement .
heavy footprints gouged the lawn .
but instead , i dragged my tired ass over the damaged lawn and through the house 's broken doorway .
a manicured lawn abuts an alabaster wall , wreathed in scarlet and fuchsia blossoms .
the backyard of the carpenter house was already thoroughly chewed up from an evening of winter warfare , and two low ` ` fortress '' walls faced each other across ten yards of open lawn .
i hoped for some kind of lawn mower - like sound from the propellers , but i did n't get one .
six years earlier , harry adams had still been a street kid whose obscure talent had carried him in a single step from a broken home in the slums of philadelphia to the manicured green lawns of princeton .
he could see buildings that looked like college dormitories - nice ones - and others that looked like comfy old manor houses with wide stretches of green lawn before them .
i was mowing his lawn yest'y , as surely you know ; i spied you sitting a - kitchen with a glass of cold tea , did n't i , just as comfortable as old ellie in your favorite chair . ''
( north stairway walk up the north stairway walk out onto the back lawn ) and it worked .
the roof of the house below had been dressed with copper instead of shingles at some point during the intervening years , and the wooded area beyond it had become a lawn , but the driveway was the same , with a sign reading cara laughs on the lefthand side and one bearing the number 19 in large numerals on the right .
from the lawn came the blat of a hard - working small engine .
no landing on the south lawn or bug - eyed , butt - headed dudes in silver jumpsuits demanding to be taken to our leader .
she looked across the lawn and saw a fourth man , moving up to the house and looking into the window .
in the pale light streaming out onto the lawn , she could distinctly see the rifle in his hands .
` ` i know this sounds funny , '' she said , ` ` but there is some kind of army man in the hall , and another outside , and two others with guns out on the lawn .
he paused , and an uncomfortable silence fell on the back lawn area .
he shifted his large bulk in the lawn chair .
there were bold stretches of lawn and hidden scraps of lawn , and some flat stretches of greenery which were not lawns at all but mobile sheets of predatory leaf imprisoned behind thin moats of caustic water .
there were bold stretches of lawn and hidden scraps of lawn , and some flat stretches of greenery which were not lawns at all but mobile sheets of predatory leaf imprisoned behind thin moats of caustic water .
there were bold stretches of lawn and hidden scraps of lawn , and some flat stretches of greenery which were not lawns at all but mobile sheets of predatory leaf imprisoned behind thin moats of caustic water .
presently , they emerged onto an untouched , sloping plain as smooth and green as a park lawn .
mr . pierce was taking tea on the rear lawn with mr . trent and mrs . trent , an ` ` acknowledged beauty of the town . ''
it illuminated a slope of lawn , a curved length of driveway and in the background the ghost - gray wall of a native house .
her bare feet thudded on the lawn and then on the paving of the driveway .
outside the room had been green lawns , sunshine and patients preparing the flower beds for spring .
joe murphey 's oddly thin - wristed right hand had come up , hurled the kriss in a short arc onto the lawn .
windows beyond the piano stood uncurtained to the night and garden lights , lawn , barbecue pit , wrought iron furniture standing whitely dripping after the rain .
she wore slippers that squished wetly as she crossed the lawn .
he came loping across the lawn to thurlow while his companion went to the woman .
they were soaking from the walk across the wet lawn .
he limped slowly past the silent steel tower , which was an oil burner ; past the huge red serpent , which was a nozzle less garden hose clumsily coiled on the floor , past the wide cushion whose case was covered with flower designs ; past the immense orange structure , which was a stack of two wooden lawn chairs ; past the great croquet mallets hanging in their racks .
one of the wickets from the croquet set had been stuck in a groove on the top lawn chair .
he might try to scale the ladder , which , like the lawn mower , lay against the fuel - oil tank .
he turned away from the refrigerator and looked across the cellar at the cliff wall , the croquet set , the stacked lawn chairs , the gaudily striped beach umbrella , the olive coloured folding canvas stools .
he remembered painting the lawn chairs during one of the many hours he 'd spent in the cellar before his last , irrevocable snow - caked plunge into it .
far across , almost a mile away , he saw the cliff edge , the stacked lawn chairs , the croquet set .
after he got his breath , he stood up and pushed it some more , past the two massive tables , past the coiled hose , past the lawn mower and the huge ladder , across the wide , light - patched plain toward the water heater .
after breakfast , lou went down to the cellar with him , carrying one of the lawn chairs for him to sit on .
stupid colour to paint lawn chairs , he thought .
he sat on the lawn chair , an old sweater wrapped around himself .
as he drank , there crossed his mind a brief vision of himself holding a hose much like this one , carrying it outside , connecting it to the faucet , playing a glittering stream of water across the lawn .
then if he attached it to a long thread , he would fling it at openings in the lawn chairs , hook it in , and climb the thread .
excitement faded , almost died when he tilted back his head and looked up toward the soaring top of the lawn chairs as they leaned against the everest heights of the wall .
he was sitting on one of the broad slats that formed the seat of the lower lawn chair , leaning against a tree - thick arm support , and chewing on a piece of cracker .
after he 'd caught his breath and squeezed a couple more water drops into his mouth , he stood up and prepared to complete the next stage of the climb , to the arm of the top lawn chair .
he shook the hook loose from the lawn chair , dodged its cart wheeling fall , picked it up hastily , and dashed behind the glass base of a giant , bell - shaped fuse .
then slowly , wearily , he pulled himself up , drew in the thread , and started across the lawn chair 's arm .
they crashed against the lawn chairs and were still .
it was still rising when he passed the first lawn chair ; rising when he passed the second ; rising when he stopped and sat looking down at the vast gray plain of the floor ; rising when , an hour later , he reached the top of the cliff and fell down , exhausted , on the sand .
the boy was lying on a stretch of thick green lawn in the freeplay area , a shutter - shielded dome overhead .
families sat out on their front lawns , smiling , waving , drinking coca - colas .
handsome houses set back from the road looked down at them from the vantage of ascending green lawns .
the lawns were crowded with people , waving and cheering .
sitting on the ground , on lawn chairs like the old men back at the gas station , sitting on picnic tables .
i got out after we burnt a cross on some black man 's lawn .
why does anybody want to go burning a cross on some black man 's lawn ?
it peopled doorsteps , lawns , driveways , picnic areas , gas station tarmacs ( where enterprising owners had charged admission ) , and , in the next town they passed through , both sides of the street and the parking lot of the town 's supermarket .
` ` set up base camp in that field over there , '' thorne said , pointing a half - mile to the left , where once , it seemed , there had been an extensive lawn .
of little league bats from the ballfield on the other side of the woods , the sound of power mowers , the sound of muscle - cars out on highway 19 , the sound of rollerblades on the cement sidewalks and smooth macadam of poplar street , the sound of radios - cleveland indians baseball ( the rare day game ) competing with tina turner belting out ` ` nutbush city limits '' , the one that goes twenty - five is the speed limit , motorcycles not allowed in it - and surrounding everything like an auditory edging of lace , the soothing , silky hiss of lawn sprinklers .
this is the land of green lawns and carefully tended flowerbeds ; this is the kingdom of ohio where the kids wear their hats turned around backward and their strappy tank - tops hang down over their baggy shorts and their great big galooty sneakers all seem to bear the nike swoosh .
there 's a sprinkler twirling on the lawn , but the grass is still showing the effects of the hot , dry weather in a way the other lawns on the street ( including the lawn of the vacant hobart house , actually ) are not .
there 's a sprinkler twirling on the lawn , but the grass is still showing the effects of the hot , dry weather in a way the other lawns on the street ( including the lawn of the vacant hobart house , actually ) are not .
there 's a sprinkler twirling on the lawn , but the grass is still showing the effects of the hot , dry weather in a way the other lawns on the street ( including the lawn of the vacant hobart house , actually ) are not .
they are standing at the edge of their lawn ( one dark , one light , both tall and handsome in cut - off tee - shirts and identical eddie bauer shorts ) , staring across the street at hannibal .
across from him , johnny sees brad josephson standing on his lawn , still holding his hose in one hand and his shopper in the other .
the ex - copper 's name is collier entragian , and he is the only person on the block with a no trespassing sign on his lawn .
the kid 's throwing - hand had been cocked to his ear , and the folded paper tumbled behind him , into the dry gutter , as the kid hit the lawn of the small house on the corner in a boneless , graceless forward roll .
on the other side , brad josephson was also walking down his lawn to the street , his hose spouting into the grass behind him .
collie looked at the boy lying facedown and dead on his lawn , his clothes already damp from the lawn sprinkler ( and the papers that had spilled out of his carrysack turning a soggy gray ) , and then at the van .
collie looked at the boy lying facedown and dead on his lawn , his clothes already damp from the lawn sprinkler ( and the papers that had spilled out of his carrysack turning a soggy gray ) , and then at the van .
he turned and saw the reed twins , their faces very pale beneath their summer tans , looking past their dog to the boy crumpled on his lawn .
not just cranked up because of the dead kid on his lawn , which would have been understandable , but nervous .
she lifted her chin in the direction of cary ripton , still dead and dampening on collie 's lawn .
he pointed down the street , first toward the dog ( she would n't have hannibal to complain about anymore , at least ) , then toward the twisted shape on the lawn of 240 .
the reed twins ( the stuff of which harmless housewife - fantasies were made , in belinda josephson 's humble opinion ) , along with susi geller and a dishy redhead belinda did n't know , were standing on the lawn .
maybe , but she was sure she 'd seen audrey as late as noon , lackadaisically setting up her lawn sprinkler .
it gave collie entragian a queer , thoughtful feeling to realize that the boy who would have restocked the rack with a supply of the current issue was lying dead on his lawn .
he looked through the e - z stop 's door and saw peter jackson and the retired vet from up the street , approaching his lawn with a large piece of blue plastic .
farther down the block she saw more people : david carver , wearing a bathing suit that looked almost obscenely tight , standing on his walk , hands planted on his meaty hips ... the reed twins ... cammie , their mother ... susi geller and a friend on their lawn with kim geller standing behind them ... a wild thought came to her : they knew .
they seemed to be covering something on the lawn of the house across from the little store .
she sprawls near the ceramic german shepherd on billingsley 's lawn , the one with his name and the number of his house on it , and as her legs relax apart johnny sees something which is terrible and sad and inexplicable , all at the same time : a dark shadow that can only be one thing .
the others have converged on david carver , but gary soderson has come over here , on to old doc 's lawn .
he is n't looking at johnny , though , or even at the crowd on the carvers '' lawn ; he is looking at what the dead woman 's hiked - up skirt has revealed , storing it up for later reference ( and , perhaps , conversation ) .
johnny believes the influence of childhood trauma on the lives of adults has been wildly overrated by a generation that listened to too many moody blues records in its formative years , but something like this must be different ; it will be a long time , johnny thinks , before the chief behavioral factor in ralph carver 's life ceases to be the sight of his father lying dead on the lawn and his mother kneeling beside him in the rain , hands locked beneath his neck , screaming his daddy 's name over and over , as if she could wake him up .
marielle soderson passes behind johnny and joins her husband on the billingsley lawn .
beyond it , sprawled on doc 's lawn like a fallen piece of statuary , was a woman 's body .
belinda was about to slide off the edge of the sink when she saw something on the back lawn that made her freeze .
` ` there 's a fool out on old doc 's lawn .
he was on doc 's lawn , kneeling beside his wife .
brad did n't see them ; he was looking at the man on the lawn of the house next door , absorbed in peter 's effort to get up with his wife 's dead weight in his arms .
on the lawn of old doc 's house , peter jackson stands with his wife in his arms , woundless at the center of the firestorm .
the pink one and the yellow one are now pouring fire into the reed and geller residences , shattering birdbaths , blasting away faucet bibs , breaking basement windows , shredding flowers and bushes , slicing through raingutters that drop , slanting , to the lawns below .
bill had stared with a kind of dazed incomprehension at the lawn sprinkler , the aluminum screen door with the scrolled m in the center of it , and that avatar of suburban life , a grass - stained power - mower , standing in the driveway like a gasoline god waiting to be worshipped .
it turned the eyes of the faux - buzzard into red pits as it lifted off from the body of mary jackson on its improbable wings and flew across the street to the carver lawn .
there was a police car parked in front of the hobart house , where there was broken glass everywhere , in the driveway amp ; on the lawn , twinkling in the sun .
the gate at the bottom of the lawn was still open .
it occurred to brad that not long ago the boy had been standing on his lawn , laughing and throwing a frisbee .
there are pictures on the strange , fleshy walls ; one a group portrait of his family with him sitting between his brother and sister , one a photo of him standing between aunt audrey and uncle herb on the lawn of this house .
johnny looked through the living - room picture window - the angle was just right for him to be able to do that from where he was - and saw him standing on the dispirited grass of the wyler lawn and looking down the street .
already hoses lay tangled on the lawns over there , looking like fat beige pythons .
they saw him on the lawn , and one of them beckoned .
minus 040 and counting they traveled five miles before people began running out onto their lawns to watch them pass .
rex was standing in front of his father 's house , tall and skinny , his black coat wrapped around him , the lawn under his feet dying .
for a few seconds the lawn looked green and alive , but then the cold blue rushed back into it , like a drop of dark ink spreading through a glass of water .
her bare feet slapped painfully against the asphalt , and the arc of snakes was arrayed across the street directly in front of her , so she veered off to one side , onto the softer strip of lawn .
dess 's bike rattled across the lawn .
jessica dismounted and walked her bike over the unkempt lawn to the tree .
` ` what 're you doing on my lawn ? ''
rex said as dess pulled up onto his threadbare lawn .
after a solid minute on the lawn they half turned to face the same direction .
there was a small patch of lawn and a swimming pool , all perfectly ordinary and modern , benson 's ordinary exterior again .
this wreck , which was known as the mansion to the neighborhood kids , occupied a plot of weedy , untended lawn on rhinehold street .
there was a sign on the lawn and another on die door .
the sign on the lawn read absolutely no trespassing under penalty of law !
6 the old woman , whose name was aunt talitha , led them through the town square and to the church with the leaning spire - it was the church of the blood everlasting , according to the faded board on the run - to - riot lawn .
this was n't a lawn but a showplace , with beds of flowers blazing like torches in the soft green grass .
i recall sitting in this same place and having a party to celebrate my eighty , but there were over fifty people settin out on this lawn that day , and mercy still had her eyes . ''
the palatial buildings which lined their way spread out until they resembled ivy - covered country houses on huge , run - to - riot lawns , and eddie realized they had entered what had once been a very ritzy neighborhood indeed .
old ronnie mows the lawn , but that 's because he always did , done it for thirty years now , but then old ronnie is n't exactly right in the head . '
why , i remember hundreds in the house , tables over the whole lawn , and the bands that would play .
beyond the blackened dusty screen , the lawn seemed to move .
and when he was very small , she had brought him to this quiet sanctuary of old homes , pointing out to him her favorite spots , and the great smooth lawns often half concealed by the camellia shrubs .
but the man was there , all right , just as he 'd always been - way back at the edge of the great lawn , standing beneath the bare white limbs of the crepe myrtles .
the soft hissing sound of lawn sprinklers beyond ornamental fences .
better for her surely than some sterile hospital room , or vista of close - cropped lawn with no more variation than a synthetic carpet .
small lawns , pitched roofs barely visible above high fences , monterey cypress trees cruelly twisted by the relentless western winds .
iron fences guarded lawns and gardens .
and the great stretch of lawn he remembered was sad with weeds now , and the old boxwood was growing wild and unkempt .
almost all the light was gone from the lawn now , from the distant encroaching shrubs .
it is also worth noting that the little children of the family loved mary beth she was photographed scores of times with stella , lionel , belle , millie dear , nancy , and dozens of other little children all around her and every sunday for years the south lawn of the first street property was covered with children tumbling and playing ball and tag while the grown - ups napped inside after dinner .
at the same time , she undertook a refurbishing of the house , spending a fortune on new paint , plaster , draperies , and delicate expensive furniture in the art deco style the double parlor was crowded with potted palms as richard llewellyn has described a bozendorfer grand piano was purchased , an elevator was eventually installed ( 1927 ) , and before that an immense swimming pool was built to the rear of the lawn , and a cabana was built to the south side of the pool so that guests could shower and dress without bothering to go into the house .
'' someone take her out '' i cried and indeed , others had gathered around her , and were attempting to draw her away i moved out of their path , only climbing to my feet when i reached the side porch window in another crackle of white light , i saw someone pick up the gun it was then handed to another person , and then to another , who held it as if it were alive fingerprints were no longer of consequence , if ever they were , and there had been countless witnesses there was no reason for me not to get out while i could and turning , i made my way out onto the side porch and into the downpour , as i stepped onto the lawn .
by all reports , the house was extremely cheerful , filled with bright colors , gay wallpaper , traditional furnishings , and books numerous french doors opened on the garden , the pool , and the front lawn .
texas woman 's university was a lovely little school situated on low rolling green hills with vine - covered brick buildings , and neatly tended lawns .
once again , she appeared to be walking aimlessly ; however this time she took an unexpected turn towards the back of the campus , so to speak , away from the groomed lawns and the traffic , and i soon found myself following her into a large , deeply neglected botanical garden - a place so shadowy and wild and overgrown that i became fearful for her as she proceeded , way ahead of me , along the uneven path .
and the garden of the priest house hidden behind its high brick wall , and the lawn beside st mary 's burned and tired and dusty .
he took a deep breath , staring out at the crepe myrtle across the lawn .
nothing but the hum of the bees , and the mingled sounds of the workmen - the low grind of a lawn mower just starting up , and the sound of the diesel leaf blowers navigating the paths .
rowan and michael and aaron set up the old table and chairs in the center of the lawn , and there they had their lunch each day .
one could once again walk out from the side windows of the parlor , across the flags , and down and onto the lawn .
on that beautiful side lawn . '
the long octagonal shape of the lawn was the same as the long octagonal shape of the pool .
the house could hold a thousand if tents were arranged over the pool and over the lawn .
it was a bridge between the long double parlor and the beautiful lawn .
he turned , astonished , and saw the lawn strung with lanterns and filled with people ; everywhere young couples were dancing on the flagstones or even right on the grass .
his eyes moved all the while over the empty patio , over the barren windows , over the emptiness of the lawn .
far away , over the lawn , all the way at the front fence , among the camellias , he thought he saw someone moving .
they were milling on the open lawn now beneath the small , neatly clipped magnolia trees , and through the spacious low - ceilinged rooms of the trim brick williamsburg house .
and the mayfair women in their soft pastel dresses looked like flowers among the white - suited men , a few small toddlers romping on the grass , or sticking their tiny pink hands into the spray of the little fountain in the center of the lawn .
rowan had found a comfortable place in a white lawn chair beneath the largest of the magnolias .
a light had gone on across the lawn , behind the small panes of the french windows .
hundreds milled over the grass , under the great white tents which had been erected to cover the garden , the pool , and the back lawn before the garqonniere .
the gardeners had put in winter grass , and the lawn looked like velvet .
in their caps and mittens they had skittered along the frozen crust that covered the lawn .
` ` well , build an electronic self - directing lawn mower with the parts , '' tod said .
out on the front lawn , jessica waited again .
she stood still , letting him cross the lawn to reach her .
she loved seeing the world as he did , looking down from the peaks of their arcing path onto bixby 's grid of dusty streets and autumn - thinned lawns , frozen cars , and dark houses .
one last jump would carry them to her lawn .
jonathan limped across the lawn and pulled himself up the fence to peer over .
5 10:51 a.m. ice - cream social jessica stopped her bike and stared at rex greene 's house , which sat forlornly on the street , crowded by newer homes on either side , the front lawn reduced to dying patches of brown .
he waved them over to a trio of lawn chairs at the far end of the porch .
jessica eased herself carefully into a lawn chair , half expecting it to collapse .
rex frowned , boots scraping along the porch as he drew himself up smaller in the lawn chair .
most of the people who 'd already moved into the complex were fast asleep , their dreams as smooth and interchangeable as the manicured front lawns .
halfway across the threadbare lawn , a croaking voice erupted from the house .
rex smiled and waved them over to a quartet of rusting lawn chairs .
he could smell the fresh paint jobs and see the seams in the newly rolled - down lawns .
everything about it - the garage , windows , lawn - was unnecessarily huge .
he crossed the lawn , glancing up and down the still empty street .
they just made it , careening to a stop on her front lawn with five minutes of midnight left , barely enough time for jonathan to make it home before the freezing wind leapt up again .
they settled on the lawn of the big house .
a hissing noise answered them , a wet and shuddering sound that carried a foul stench across the lawn .
when he opened his eyes , coughing as he struggled to inhale , there was nothing left of it , just a blackened patch of lawn and a glimmer of metal .
the smell had been mostly burned away by demonstration , but the lawn was still faintly sticky underfoot .
so he 's running around turning all the lights on , and the kitchen 's all messed up , and his tools are lying spread around all over the lawn .
six or seven of them , moving quickly in the darkness , spreading out across the lawn , surrounding the house .
they ran , duffel bag clanking , across the front lawn to the old ford , threw open the door , and piled into the back .
the carpet on the floor of the rolls was thicker and more luxurious than a well - kept lawn .
lotta dead birds 1 the mill 's chief of police heard neither explosion , though he was outside , raking leaves on the lawn of his morin street home .
if the lawn got raked this weekend - or if howie got to listen to his beloved twin mills wildcats take on castle rock 's football team - she would be surprised .
on the rennie front lawn , two adirondack chairs sat amid the fallen leaves .
although the house was dark , the lawn was lit , because they were now close to the dome , where bright lights had been set up at the chester 's mill - harlow town line .
there was a lawn glider on the porch .
they were in lawn chairs with tags reading end of summer blowout sale hanging from the arms .
this last time she pointed at the library lawn .
she had undoubtedly meant it to be amusing , but what amuses adults often scares children , and janelle had an idea the dummy on the library lawn might be back to visit her that night while she was lying in the dark and waiting to go to sleep .
the three of them were sitting together on the porch of the mcclatchey house when joe arrived , cutting across lawns and keeping to the shadows .
outside , beyond the lawn , a wolf loped across the parking lot .
on the lawn itself , two naked women were in the 69 position .
beyond this , on the edge of the lawn , was a redwood platform .
big jim had foreseen the possibility of an overflow , and al timmons , assisted by some of the newer cops , had put benches from the american legion hall on the lawn .
he saw henry morrison coursing back and forth on the town hall lawn , looking like a hunting dog searching for scent .
raisty got as far as the stovepipe hat with its patriotic stripes when lissa jamieson exclaimed , ' that 's the dummy on the library lawn !
she parked on someone 's lawn , behind a tree .
on the library lawn , the halloween dummy with the jolly top hat and the garden trowel hands goes up in a sheet of flame .
he could see a line of people extending outside onto the lawn .
lightsong walked the other direction on the springy lawn , not even waiting for his priests to erect a canopy to shade him from the afternoon sun .
they walked leisurely across the perfect lawn back toward blushweaver 's own palace .
he waved his hand at the lawn .
` ` terribly unfortunate , that , '' lightsong said , pointing at another section of the lawn .
` ` very timely of you , '' lightsong said , pointing at a third spot on the lawn , far enough from the others to be sequestered .
the lawn in front of it was now crowded with a colorful assortment of priests and servants , both mercystar 's and lightsong 's own .
she walked down the steps onto the lawn , wandering between the silent stone figures .
that appointment was n't for a few hours , which meant she could enjoy some time relaxing on the lawn , away from the unnatural colors of the city .
she nodded , joining him as they began to cross the lawn , their servants bringing parasols to shade them .
already , torches were arrayed on the lawn .
she glanced behind , and saw others rushing across the lawn .
to a man , they looked down at the sword as it rolled free of the blanket , silver sheath glistening on the lawn .
` ` we 'll find a drugstore and we 'll be kids again ; we 'll steal a dime candy bar apiece , and we 'll go find a shady place and sit like on a lawn for instance and eat it . ''
it was in a little corporate park , very clean , with green lawns and neat bushes and fresh - painted lines on the spaces in the parking lots .
12 that evening , as the grinning demon rose in the sky , cordelia left her house and walked slowly across the lawn to her garden , detouring around the pile of leaves she had raked that afternoon .
she carried the stuffy from the garden to the pile of leaves on the lawn .
they made an absurd gathering : woolvey in his evening - dress ; edith in a soft high - waisted morning gown of clear lawn , without stays : she must have snatched it from the closet and put it on alone .
tharkay last , silently and quick , and the great palace lay across a narrow lawn before them : windows full lit , shadows passing back and forth before the lights , and another half - a - dozen dragons in the way : not sleeping , either , but couriers wide - awake and waiting for messages .
then the roof , groaning in complaint , gave way , and the great house folded in upon itself , walls crumbling into brick , slates clattering and spilling down upon the lawn still smoking .
` ` i will not be long , '' and he walked across the lawn towards the house .
he never ceased trying to cheer and comfort his mother and assure her that things would be better than they were now , that her pain would go away , and that they would someday live in a real house in the suburbs , and have a backyard for emily and jacob and a real front lawn and all the other things that normal life offered .
he dropped the gun onto the recumbent form of tompkins and marched away across the damp lawn .
three police vans had gouged tracks in the lawn , and aziraphale made crowley back up for the first of the ambulances , but then the bentley swished into the night .
` ` the two of them came out of the front lawn yesterday .
` ` they landed on your lawn too , did they ? ''
sitting on the ledge beside the sewer , in his plastic lawn chair , dunnikin was overcome by a presentiment of wealth and prosperity .
he missed having a garden ; missed proper english lawns with proper english grass .
the front lawn was unmowed and spiky , moss grew on the rotting shingle boards of the roof and newspapers and flyers accumulated on the front walk .
and there was the old waldman home that had once been their mother 's pride , once so splendidly white , now a weatherworn gray with sagging shutters and a rotting roof and a lush junglelike front lawn awash in litter as if no one had lived there for a long time .
all that fuss to win something you sit on to mow your lawn .
mr . wilkinson arrived half an hour after the cows and bawled me out for allowing a herd of cows to trample his lawn .
amber 's parents had a spanish - style house at the top of a neatly mowed sloping lawn , and a green canvas awning overhung the big arched window out front .
the patchy lawn was covered with hundreds of conch shells arranged in concentric circles and spirals .
two long - legged cranes he had taken initially for lawn ornaments looked up at him as he passed .
she was a tiny old lady who could outglare a thunderstorm , and fat charlie , who had , over two decades ago , followed a lost tennis ball into her yard , and then broken one of her lawn ornaments , was still quite terrified of her .
the man was lying on the lawn in his home in california , reading a magazine , and he hears this cawing and cawing , and it 's a raven , trying to attract his attention .
the lawn was dry and yellowed , brittle looking .
trees and roses flourished throughout the manicured lawn .
the small nimble aircraft - really no more than a hang glider with lawn - mower engine and propeller - were perfect for traversing the raw country by air , buzzing the caribou herds or flying low over the tundra .
he waited on the stoop , staring across the manicured lawn .
she had never been a fan of heights , hated air travel in general , and considered riding an airborne lawn mower the height of madness .
randy sat on a lawn chair at the foot of the dock , beer can in one hand , staring at the boat .
storm - swept leaves and crinkled blossoms formed a jackson pollock painting across her overgrown lawn , along with a few broken tiles blown from the roof .
with the rifle still pointed at her chest , he ducked his head out the window and quickly scanned the lawn and bushes outside the window .
jack had trained him with clipped pigeons , and with the help of randy and tom , he 'd established a flushing pattern with burt , a precise zigzagging run that would clear a field of birds as efficiently as a lawn mower .
the eight ball struck the front lawn of the courtyard and pounded into the rain - soaked loam .
he flew several yards and landed on his back on the soft lawn .
blood streamed across the white cement , a black river forging toward the mowed back lawn .
the tires dug a half - doughnut trench across the rear lawn , then sped them deeper into the yard .
without stopping , he continued to roll until he reached a metal - and - concrete sign planted in the lawn of the smithsonian castle .
autumn leaves spread across rolling green lawns , ivy climbed walls of stately gothic stone buildings , even the dormitories looked like something out of currier and ives .
a curving two - story wall of glass faced the park 's lawn .
it was a park of cement walkways , grassy lawns , and stretches of blacktop .
ahead , a pair of motorcycles sped down walkways and across grassy lawns .
sunlight splashed over the trimmed lawns , manicured bushes , and gravel paths .
gray dug his toes into the lawn , planted his shoulder , and pushed .
the lab was n't just in the building 's basement ; it was buried under the lawn on the north side of the building .
rotor wash flattened the spread of manicured lawn surrounding the landing site .
he stared across the rolling lawn to a dark mansion - on whose grounds they 'd landed .
only thing above our heads is a foot of reinforced concrete and about a yard of soil , rock , and lawn . ''
he stared out the kitchen windows and across the sprawling lawns to the helicopter as a crew prepped it for departure .
the grave marker lay ahead , across a swath of lawn .
gray headed across the lawn toward it , going slowly .
it crashed , penetrating deep into the lawn on the far side .
they ' ve moved behind the cabin across the lawn for cover . ''
he trundled out into the lawn .
gently rolling hills spread outward , covered in manicured lawns and dotted by other stands of palm trees .
despite the dark night , the lighted floors of several of the neighboring towers acted as shining beacons , casting a stark illumination across the rolling lawns .
he lowered the guard to the lawn and began stripping off the man 's helmet , vest , and shirt .
shifting to the left and peering sideways , he caught a peek , far to the right , of a rolling expanse of green lawns , dogwoods , and rows of small white gravestones .
gray also knew the first couple were hosting a fireworks - viewing party on the south lawn of the white house later tonight .
he strafed the windshield of the first , sending the vehicle careening off the driveway and into the manicured lawn .
nothing , in fact , but the sound of birds cheeping and wind pushing through the crowns of three tall pines that loomed over the hospital 's front lawn .
he crossed the street to the chirping of crickets and lawn sprinklers clicking in the distance .
watering lawns .
theresa could see the tall pine trees in the distance that soared out of the front lawn of the sheriff 's office .
looking up , kendra saw newel and doren standing beyond the border of the lawn .
chapter 12 rescue the next day , peering out the kitchen window , kendra spotted hugo sitting on the lawn , legs straight out , shoulders slumped , big hands folded in his lap .
kendra went out the back door and crossed the lawn to dale .
his head hit the ground hard , digging a short furrow in the lawn .
the repaired portions blended seamlessly with the rest of the lawn .
mooing like a foghorn , eyes rolling in terror , the immense form of viola the cow stamped across the yard , giant hooves leaving deep impressions in the lawn .
the satyrs gamboled toward them across the lawn .
he was on the verge of asking hugo to take him back to the main house when the satyrs came scampering across the unkempt lawn .
they crossed ocean avenue to a narrow park with paved paths , green lawns , and lots of palm trees .
the cat approached a long - limbed man sleeping on the lawn in a filthy green army jacket and frayed jeans .
the golem tromped over to the unseasonably green lawn of the yard and approached a large tree in the far corner .
no snow remained on the lush green lawn or in the vibrant flower beds .
seth pedaled across the lawn toward the path he needed .
a moment later , the human - sized wooden puppet came dashing across the lawn , the golden hooks of his joints jingling .
they crossed the lawn to where cloudwing waited beside a tall centaur with light blue fur .
off to one side of the grounds a pair of helicopters sat on the lawn .
the primitive wooden puppet sprang into action the instant the ball took flight , dashing across the lawn .
seth was nowhere near the edge of the lawn .
seth had a queasy feeling that if not for mendigo , he might be a brown , shriveled corpse out on the lawn , the human version of a spoiled banana .
grandpa opened the door , and mendigo raced out onto the deck , vaulted the railing , and sped across the lawn .
` ` he 's on the lawn now , getting close to us , walking fast . ''
doren the satyr stood beyond the perimeter of the lawn , waving both arms .
they left the path , tromped through some undergrowth , and emerged on the immaculate lawn of the freshly chalked tennis court .
across the lawn , seth saw grandpa sorenson emerge from the woods .
the golem picked him up , steadied grandma , and loped across the lawn .
seth climbed over the deck railing and dropped to the lawn .
the interiors of the hedges were meticulously trimmed , and the lawn of the meadow appeared freshly clipped .
he rose and strolled to the back of the yellow and purple tent , sitting in the shade on the lawn with his back to the fabric wall .
the sun was setting as kendra and seth trudged across an empty expanse of lawn toward the centaurs .
kendra began shouldering through the crowd to get to the lawn .
beyond the illuminated sign at the edge of the yard was a neatly trimmed lawn bordered by tidily rounded hedges that came no higher than his knees .
they sat together on a stone bench at the edge of an oval section of lawn with a marble birdbath near the center .
coulter suddenly appeared in front of them , standing on the lawn not ten feet away , blocking their view of the birdbath .
your footprints must have been obvious on the lawn , kendra pointed out .
the grass was newly trimmed , and i stamped around a bit before i chose my spot , but yes , had you been paying proper attention , you could have noticed the imprints of my feet on the lawn .
it came to a rest on the lawn .
he stomped off across the lawn in the direction of the swimming pool .
still , enough light was apparently filtering through the clouds to illuminate the night , for although the clearing was gloomy , she could make out the contours of the lawn and the latticework of the gazebos and the foliage on the island in the middle of the pond .
kendra crossed the lawn to the nearest gazebo .
clouds of gnats twirled above the lawn .
on the manicured lawn her bare feet did not impede her speed .
there the trees ended abruptly , bringing the house into view across a vast front lawn .
stay on the lawn .
opening the window , she noticed dale walking along the lawn at the outskirts of the woods .
she trotted across the lawn to the low hedge beneath the attic window .
kendra followed seth outside and across the lawn .
seth started across the lush , neatly mown lawn toward the nearest gazebo .
he hesitantly stepped off the edge of the lawn into the woods , half - expecting werewolves to leap out at him .
he walked back to meet her at the edge of the lawn .
out on the lawn , seth said .
he crouched , pointing at a hole in the lawn .
combing through the grass together , they followed a series of nickel - sized holes across the lawn .
kendra ran under the archway and onto the manicured lawn beyond .
kendra hurried across the lawn toward the nearest gazebo .
she walked across the lawn , through the arch , down the path , and onto the road .
perhaps i could have bought a smaller house and forced my aspects to live in the basement or shacks on the lawn .
we pulled up to a quaint white suburban house , rambler style , with a neatly mowed lawn and vines growing up the walls .
i headed across the well - tended lawn with audrey and tobias in tow .
he jumped off the porch and strode across the lawn , gun pointed at my chest .
gritting my teeth , i tightened my arms around wren , pushing through the doors and onto harc 's front lawn as our shuttle began to descend .
a few more were running through the lobby , and isaac ushered them all out and took off across the lawn .
there were a few stragglers on the lawn , but had we lost everyone else ?
thirty - three callum i walked across the front lawn of the austin harc facility that evening , fingers laced through wren 's .
humans streamed in and out the front door , and several people sat on the front lawn .
humans were spilled out onto the front lawn , and a woman shot across the dirt as soon as she spotted us , making some sort of weird , strangled noise that made me want to take a step back .
tony was across the lawn next .
it was sunny but chilly as we walked through harc 's front lawn and back into the heart of the slums .
they covered the schoolhouse lawn and took up an entire block .
harc officers were lined up on the front lawn .
dead bodies were strewn across the lawn , and when the sun began to rise the scene was gruesome .
wren had disappeared , and i found her on the lawn of the facility , sitting next to riley 's body .
a group of human kids sat in a front lawn to my left , but when they spotted me they quieted .
i would slowly enter through the creaking wooden gate and observe it all from a rusty lawn chair i had set up in a far corner .
at the far end of the lawn , duncan , ten and still sandy - haired , was helping our mother with the small herb garden .
looked up across the lawn at my mother and brother .
two days before i left that place for a succession of other places , edward told me he loved me as we played another ludicrous game of lawn bowling in the tiny interior courtyard around which the building curled like a half - open fist - me unable to hold the ball because of my traitorous wrist , him shortsighted and uncoordinated .
from one end of ambergris to the other , with sybel my unwilling steward { you have no idea how much i was paying him - he should have been willing } , i spun like some poor gristle - and - yarn shuttlecock in a lawn tennis game .
priests and teachers bustled across the lawn , cleaning up the debris .
the lawns strewn with petals .
at the far end , twelve elegant emerald mushrooms on long stalks were being guarded by two round rolling puffballs that glistened with sticky sea - green spores in an odd approximation of the asylum 's lawn bowling facilities .
it was quite a large house , and it had wings to it that partially enclosed a well - tended flower garden with paved walks , neatly - trimmed hedges and manicured lawns .
brand and i went out of the army headquarters building and strolled across the sodden lawns of the imperial compound .
the church knights rode off across the twilight - dim lawn to their barracks while the rest of them clattered across the drawbridge into ehlana 's castle .
we knew that there were tunnels under the lawns here in the imperial compound , but what we did n't know is that the ground under the whole city 's honeycombed with more tunnels .
they went out into the torch - lit courtyard , crossed the drawbridge , and proceeded across the night - shrouded lawn to the barracks of the knights , where sparhawk , stragen and talen changed into tar - smeared sailor 's smocks while the others also donned the mis - matched clothing of commoners .
the weather outside was unsettled , and a blustery wind skipped the dead leaves across the lawns below like scurrying brown mice .
elysoun looked out at the moon - drenched lawn .
there 's nothing between here and the castle but open lawn .
then he swung himself up into faran 's saddle and led the way across the drawbridge and out onto the still - shadowy lawns .
' there are lots of lawns around the outside , though , are n't there ? '
' could n't we just take all the files from every government building outside and spread them around on the lawns .
they could n't really object , and you ca n't lock the door to a lawn at night , or move things around when there are seven - foot - tall atans standing guard over them .
' alean , ' he said very gently , ' you were the one who suggested that we take all the files of all the ministries out of the government buildings and spread them out on the lawns .
' because ehlana told me to , ' mirtai said as she , engessa , kring and the two thieves crossed the document - littered lawn toward the interior ministry .
' engessa and i are going to relieve the two knights watching over the documents on the lawn , ' kring told them .
there was a filmy layer of fog lying on the lawns of the imperial compound .
he looked out across the lawn .
chapter 12 kring looked pensively out across the lawn .
he loosened his saber in its sheath , and the oddly mismatched pair moved silently across the lawn to intercept the furtive shadow near the wall .
' we needed room to rearrange things , so we spread all the government files out on the lawn . '
that 's when we decided to just move our operations out onto the lawns .
i 'll send word to the kitchens , and we can all have our lunches out on the lawns . '
they found kring and mirtai sitting on the lawn under a large tree ablaze with autumn color .
' now that was something i did n't expect , ' danae said as she and sparhawk crossed the lawn .
talen 's shout came across the lawn .
the house was quite large , and it was set apart in a kind of park where tall old trees shaded gently - sloping lawns and gardens and sparkling fountains .
' the sides are so gently sloped that there 's lawn growing on them . '
we would n't have to go looking for them , and we would n't alert anybody to what we 're doing by chasing cabinet ministers across the lawns . '
khalad looked out across the lawn .
the foreman of the tamul work - crew laboriously pulling the broad - beamed barge across the lawn on rollers looked up .
the minister of the interior protested shrilly the next morning as tons of water began to gush into the moat from the throats of the huge pipes strewn across the lawn of the imperial compound .
he said , and he turned to hurry across the lawn without waiting for a reply .
he demanded in a choked voice as the now - frightened mob fled back across the lawns to positions that may or may not have been out of sir bevier 's range .
a serious attempt to re - open the gates of the compound fell apart when the peloi , their sabres flashing and their shrill , ululating war cries echoing back from the walls of nearby opalescent palaces charged across the neatly - clipped lawns to savage the crowd clustered around the gate .
some few of the burning men reached the far bank of the moat and ran blindly across the tidy lawns of the compound , shrieking and dripping fire .
there were wide lawns around the buildings and groves of trees with marble benches beneath them .
formal gardens were spaced about the lawns - boxy hedges and beds of flowers lined by low , white walls .
they walked quietly across the lawns or sat in the gardens in groups of two or three engaged in sober discussion .
and then with tottering step the white - haired man led them across the verdant lawn to a large marble building with broad , gleaming steps at the front .
the two of them walked across a dewy lawn toward a group of larger buildings near the center of the city .
once they were out on the lawn , the dwarf squinted around .
the city looked much like kell , thousands of feet below , except , of course , for the absence of lawns and gardens .
the buildings were old and stately , and the trees dotting the close - clipped lawns were gnarled with age .
a calm came over garion as he walked with the two old sorcerers across the green lawn , but there was a kind of melancholy as well .
belgarath stopped a robed scholar who was walking across the lawn with an open book in his hand .
they crossed the lawn .
without even slowing his pace , belgarath translocated the officious doorman some distance out onto the lawn , desk and all .
it was late afternoon by now , and the autumn sun streamed down on the well - maintained lawn .
when they passed the last of the rigidly similar houses of the sergeants and of those civilians of equal rank , they entered a broad belt of trees and lawns where fountains splashed and sparkled in the sunlight and where broad promenades were lined with carefully sculptured green hedges interspersed with cherry trees laden with pink blossoms shimmering in the light breeze .
another broad strip of lawns and trees lay beyond the mansions of the generals and their mercantile equivalents , and within that encircling green there arose a fair - sized marble city with its own walls and burnished gates .
as velvet and belgarath turned back toward the east wing of the palace , garion and his aunt strolled on along the neatly trimmed green lawn lying beneath the blossom - covered trees .
she looked out over the sun - washed lawns .
belgarath came across the lawn .
he dipped out more ale and then capered across the lawn toward the dark - haired nadrak girl . ` `
vella laughed and followed him back out onto the lawn .
out on the lawn , vella stood wide - eyed and with the palms of her hands pressed to her flaming cheeks .
the grounds inside the compound were as neatly trimmed as those surrounding the palace , and there were broad marble walks stretching from building to building across the lawns .
without a word he spun on his heel and dashed across the lawn with the skirts of his robe flapping behind him .
he turned on his heel and started across the winter - brown lawn of the garden .
the grounds of the university of borrata were park - like , and students and members of the faculty strolled contemplatively across the well - kept lawns .
the house was set back some distance from the road and was surrounded by tall evergreens and well - groomed lawns .
the day was warm - the spring came eventually even to a bleak place like riva - and the small bit of lawn in the center of the garden was a lush green .
chapter fourteen the house of count dravor was a large white building set in the center of a broad lawn with clipped hedges and formal gardens on either side .
they went down through the moonlit garden with the horses trailing along after them until they emerged on the open lawn beyond .
it consisted not of one building , but rather was a complex of many , large and small , all built of marble and surrounded by gardens and lawns where cypress trees cast a pleasing shade .
the lawn in the garden was neatly manicured .
a lean , bushy - browed man in a red mantle covered with mystic symbols scurried across the lawn and bowed deeply to the emperor .
the broad lawns were green in the warm spring sunlight , and the cypress trees stirred in a faint breeze .
the last time we saw him he was fighting on the front lawn or in the front of your house . ''
i 'll go kill the baby out on the front lawn so we do n't mess up the carpet . ''
the blanket is covered in blood just like the spot on the front lawn where rob killed that damn pit - bull that came after him while he was waiting . ''
was that in the front lawn too ? ''
` ` this is going to take all night , '' i said , moving out of the building and across the front lawn area over to the main gate .
the homeowners who used to live here would have been very upset to see their lawns now .
trip was sneaking across the lawn , going towards the back of the pool house .
trip reached in and pulled me out of the pool house , dragging me through the tall crab grasses that used to be a well - manicured lawn , towards the small door almost hidden in the side of the wall .
riq fell in line with everyone else as they marched through the grand halls of the palace and out the front door , finally walking down huge marble steps onto a wide lawn .
riq had only been half listening , seeing movement up ahead , beyond where the huge lawn met a road .
there seemed to be twenty or thirty people , and they 'd just left the road and walked onto the vast lawn surrounding olympias 's palace .
alex turned around , not a trace of sweat or deep breathing to show that he 'd practically been running down the lawn .
she had the eternity ring gripped in her hands and was sprinting all out for a thicker grouping of trees on the edge of the huge lawn .
riq muttered something that dak could n't hear , then stormed off through the trees in the direction of the lawn .
swords and daggers and clubs , smeared with blood , littered the green canvas of the lawn .
before aristotle could reply , a horse came leaping from the stables , breaking into a gallop that tore up the grass of the lawn .
michael ran into the backyard - a wide patio and a lawn with a few small trees - and looked around but did n't see anyone .
* * * levana stood on the palace lawn , watching as evret chased winter and jacin around the lakeshore .
the soldiers start spilling out onto the lawn below .
metias does n't say another word as we make our way down the corridors , past the manicured lawns of the central quad and the glorious elector 's statue , and finally through one of the indoor gyms .
the expanse of perfect lawn split the gardens from apollo 's fountain to latona 's , flanked by gravel paths and marble statues of gods and heroes .
some that had lawns are now sprouting fields of grass shoulder - high .
off to one side , there was a live , twenty - foot christmas tree decked out like a cathedral next to a lawn full of prancing christmas - related animals ( including , inexplicably , a rhinoceros in a santa cap ) .
` ` and then you bury him waist deep in someone else 's lawn , '' h continued , raising his hands like the baby jesus statue as if he were sticking halfway out of the ground .
the lawn itself is now a forest of wheaty - looking stalks and weeds nearly as high as seth 's head , even as he stands on the low deck .
every moment , he expects something to come jumping out of the bushes , out of the unkempt lawns or weedy cracks in the pavement .
the roar of the town , even when it 's sleeping , covers our footsteps pretty well as we sneak across the dark lawn .
instead of a house of healing where we could go inside and have our meeting , it 's just a charred wooden frame , its roof missing and burnt debris strewn across the front lawn .
his voice reaches out to me suddenly , and before i am even aware of it- i am back with- -my one in particular in the shed where we live , locked in at night by our master from the clearing , the master whose lawn we keep tidy , her flowers blooming , her vegetables growing .
some are smaller than a ziploc , while others are as big as a hefty lawn and leaf bag .
` ` they 're camping out on the lawn , by the way , '' annie said .
it looked like an engine , or part of a lawn mower , and i was pretty sure it was a generator .
jack took a quick glance around him , and found that the lawn was covered with wild weeds and there were heaps of human bones at several places !
he was holding snegurochkas hand and performing a round and round dance in the lawn of his ancestral house in ireland .
the entire lawn has been transformed into a fairground .
the fairground lawn was a feast to all the senses .
after dinner , jack strolled out in the lawn , hoping to find out the mysterious man with the whip .
a musical concert has been arranged inside a huge wooden stage in the lawn .
koschei , surrounded by his three faithful guards , followed jack and went outside the dacha to the vast , lush green lawn .
they came upon an old and rusted , enormous iron chest , with embroidery of gold , embedded crystals and gems , lying on the lawn .
not because they think i was secretly driving the car that sent her flying back onto her own lawn .
my pictured is scattered , torn and ripped , across our front lawn .
she stuffed the key in her jeans pocket and hurried across the lawn , looking back over her shoulder at her parents ' bedroom window to make sure they were n't peeking out at her from behind the curtain .
cars were parked on the perfect lawn at angles that would make them nearly impossible to move later .
9 haven walked across the lawn , navigating around teenagers she recognized from school .
dusty cars sat parked on dirty driveways next to unmowed lawns .
its siding needs to be power washed , its shutters painted and its lawn mowed .
my dad is a pretty nice guy , but do n't mess with his lawn .
he takes pride in always either winning or being a finalist for the best lawn in the neighborhood every month .
` ` no , they did it on purpose , so i would n't win best lawn that month ! ''
i seriously doubt that benjamin 's parents care if my dad wins best lawn .
` ` you wanted me to lose best lawn of the month , admit it ! ''
` ` what do i care if you win best lawn of the month ? ! ''
` ` when i saw bartolomeo return the hose that day , i decided to water my lawn , so i grabbed it from the garage . ''
we sit on lawn chairs in the backyard .
after the meal , benjamin and i go to my backyard where we sit on lawn chairs and stare at the starry sky .
lorena and i are sitting on lawn chairs in my backyard when suzy arrives .
i ask her to sit in the empty lawn chair in front of lorena and i .
the enemies of the known united states of america blast accurate nuclear bombs at targeted major cities with huge populations of men , women , children , household pets , manicured lawns , employers , hospitals , schools , warehouses , factories , and government buildings .
hundreds of roses beautifully view in eye balls , and sweetly sweet in nose holes from lilac dog roses to orange , yellow , and white small cabbage roses , and pink , red , crimson , and mauve garden roses which are really thorny plants used as an excellent perimeter defense for any lawn or yard area from trespassers of the human - kind or mammal - kind .
then , i trip over some dang rock in the middle of the grassy lawn with my right cowgirl boot , shifting lots of hair into my eyelashes .
the early morning dew twinkles like a set of diamonds on a green lush manicured lawn as my sunrise computer application completes the watering cycle .
after we jump , t - rex over the handmade beautiful coral rock stone wall along the barn stalls , i pop my body like a spring daisy from a wind resistant position inside the saddle upon the horses back , scanning with eyeballs the lawn grounds for ming .
and , the military dome is a pretty dull picture contrast to the beautiful rainbow colors of green thick lawns , rows of white cotton fields , miles of gold wheat plains , red barns , black stables , silver silos , pastel blue water streams and flowers of red , pink , orange , yellow and purple of my home , starbuck plantation .
i t - sight each face of the 1,818,603 men , women , and children ( yeah , i m that good ) scattered around the streets , sideways , bleachers , chairs , lawn , and grounds , without seeing rex .
we slowly step out into the into bright pretty yellow sunshine which i will miss and sniff the sweet perfumed flowers gardens which i will miss more and the nice manicured lawn grass towards his personal slick sleek state - of - the - art zipper .
wemet beforeat the lawn picniclast week .
accurate and precise red , yellow , green , and blue maser rays hit the many grounded steel plated transports blowing the priceless items into the air , against the strong building , and around the pretty manicured lawn as i moan .
i swing out the yellow front door , marching my red high heels across our green manicured lawn , the hit the vanilla concrete sidewalk , observing the math numbers of vehicles lining the green tree shaded gray road street .
front lawn .
i gallop around the brick house corner and suddenly halt , eye burning the three police cars with the red and blue flashing lights , red flashing lights of four ambulances with parked white stretchers on the manicured lawn and two fire engine trucks with the ladders parked along the city street .
north wall of shiny oyster pale beige hugs the white - framed squared archway , leading out of the dorm or coming in , depending on your purpose , holds a single 60 - inched plasma tv on the left side of the door while the right side includes the lovely carved cherry wood built - in doors and shelves , hiding the nice set of electronic toys , including two dvd players , one game box , not used , and three carrying around in your hands big pink - colored boom boxes for practicing their majorette routines inside the dorm , or outside upon the grass lawn with the band cds .
the front lawn was a mess of dandelions and knee - high straw grass .
zoey followed agent barnes across a smooth lawn .
if you do nt find one , i can try to mow extra lawns this summer , tony said .
the street was largely elderly people , which was good for tonys lawn mowing ambitions .
maybe half the homes were completed , and the lawns were landscaped flawlessly and had porsches and mercedes in the drives .
she had a lawn chair with her , and she and julie got him settled while everyone else passed cake and soda around .
seth and julie laughed about something at his feet , and jenny sat on the arm of the lawn chair , and shawn could nt seem to stop smiling .
the next morning , though , i did wonder if i 'd dreamed everything from the day before when aunt theresa rousted me out of bed early so i could get the lawn mowed before it rained .
i was glad it rained on saturday , sparing me from mowing the lawn .
but first i had to get through the bathroom cleaning and lawn mowing without letting on how sick and weak i felt .
the schools hedges parted , and the channel 8 news tank rolled across the grass , gnawing the lawn to pieces and leaving a trail of diesel fuel in its wake .
he asked brody , who also judged the count of reporters on the lawn to be about thirty too many .
they hang out on the lawn to catch a glimpse of the royal family so they have something to write about .
we settle on the front lawn .
this plane , however , did not look like some tailored lawn ; instead it looked more natural as if nature had intended it to be there .
he walked down the path surrounded by the typical manicured gardens and lawns of suburbia , towards the letterbox set in a rendered brick fence .
there were large attractive buildings that were double , if not triple , storey , surrounded by a landscape of open lawns and generous wide pathways .
kira silently opened her door and traversed the lawn .
she led the way across the campus lawn .
a painful grinding came from beneath my car as i cut across a small slab of manicured lawn , creating my own entrance into the parking lot .
ruth looked at the house with the wide driveway and three car garage , green lawn with lush landscaping surrounded in a cull de sac with several houses just like it .
cody got the apc started , jerked away from the building , clipped major nelsons hummer and ran over the lawn , scattering soldiers .
that was good , cody , except for hitting major nelsons hummer , destroying the lawn and almost running over several seals .
the yard is neat and clean , which means there s no little kids to scatter their toys around , or indifferent teenagers half - mowing the lawn and parking their cars on the grass .
dust flying everywhere , lawns that are more scorched dirt than grass .
its got an awning pulled out with a screen draped down from it , and inside the screen area sits a lawn chair next to a little table , making it look like a porch .
i step outside and lean the broom against the wall of the trailer , and sit in one of the lawn chairs .
no toys on the lawns .
i m racing down familiar roads , cutting across lawns .
* * * chelsea and marcy were already waiting on the front lawn when danni met them for lunch .
a colorful red curtain hung in the windows as colorful flowers covered the front lawn .
the neatly trimmed lawn has browned , and a couple of little bushes grow on either side of the cracked cement porch .
a fenced basketball court sits off to our right surrounded by wide , green lawns , and a wrought iron table and chairs are situated left of the door .
the well - manicured lawns , paved roads and security of people close by gave way to fenced pasture grounds and slightly brushy areas with tall grass and a thicket of thorny hedge trees now lined the road .
in a tower overlooking the rich green lawns of sidhe hills was the small portal that led to the museum .
i looked out onto the grassy lawn and did n't see anything that would break her fall if she missed the ladder .
in the front stood a rose garden and a tidy clipped lawn he had nt seen the night before .
* * * * vanora sat in a lawn chair outside the cottage .
i see my girls already starting to arrive and hanging by the tree on the front lawn .
we walk on the lawn to the stairs of the admissions building and go inside .
it is about four o'clock , and we are supposed to meet on the lawn in front of rush dorm to have some ` ` freshman fun . ''
we walk to the front lawn and divide into our groups .
as we walk across the front lawn , joe readjusts his backpack on his shoulder and gets quiet all of a sudden .
we finish lunch , walk back to the dorm , and decide that since the sky is that perfect carolina blue , we will hang out on the lawn and grab a little vitamin d. hey , y all .
for some reason , i do nt think i like joe as much as i did when i met him on the front lawn .
i decide to get ready and read a good book on the lawn .
as we make our way to the front lawn , there is a huge party tent , music is being played by the dj , and there is a buffet dinner .
we return to kluft , chill out on the lawn , and get ready for supper with the irvin boys .
i walk down the stairs , down the stoop , across the lawn , and into irvin .
i stop what i m doing and turn around to see joe running across the lawn .
we walk out of the classroom in silence , but as soon as our feet hit the lawn , joe turns to look at me .
as i pull the bike on the paved driveway , i ignore the manicured lawn to cast my eyes on the ivy creeping outside the walls of my mothers bedroom .
the mansion is well - lit by not only rich indoor lights , but also copious illuminating garden lamps popping from mature trees and emerald lawns .
all they d gotten was a couple of little branches in their lawn .
she could nt believe the sheer number of themthey covered almost all of eds lawn .
i ve been mowing lawns around here so i could buy something to eat .
still fearing mrs . donaldsons prying eyes , i cut across the lawn and hurried to rochelles darkened porch .
swallowing my apprehension , i leapt through the window promptly and tumbled onto the lawn outside with a few cuts on my jeans - clad legs ; the thick winter coat had managed to protect my arms from the sharp edges of the remaining glass .
not wanting to waste any time , i got up at once and dashed across the long stretch of lawn to the gates , seeing a sign that said blundell road as i neared .
there is a green lawn at the front of the house and the gates are tall and black .
hope rapidly peaked within me as i ran across the lawn .
the sudden offensive blow sent me toppling to the ground before sliding backward , all the way across the lawn and into the stone of the porch support .
across the lawn , ms .
they had been transferred to the jet by the helicopter that , gingerly landing on a large stretch of lawn just outside the apartment block , had picked them up as smaller helicopters whirled around them , defending the area .
countless steps led down from the front doors to the perfectly manicured lawns .
it was elaborately furnished throughout , and had arched windows of impressive proportions , which displayed the entire front lawns of the house .
it looked like it always did ; a row of neatly kept houses with mowed lawns and sometimes cars or bikes in the driveways .
she sprinted onto the lawn with all of her guild mates .
on the lawn , there was already a standoff between the guild master and viekus .
on the other side of the lawn stood black dragon , and with them , laxus .
emberlee looked just as happy as ever as she jogged across her lawn to the car and sat in the passengers seat .
he spotted the for sale sign leaning on its side in the garage , ready to be set up in the front lawn , and he huffed before tearing his gaze away .
the buildings , shops , and offices were all either silver , grey , or white , and each had water instead of a grassy lawn .
the wind shifted , sending fallen leaves floating down to the pond that replaced the lawn of the restaurant .
when i reached the boundary of this rather impressive weed fieldwhich was , once upon a time , a small patch of green lawn with a sycamore tree in the middle of itrichie leaped out of the thicket .
glancing around the neighbourhood , everyone that was usually out in the morning was there ; the man across the street that always watered his lawn while drinking a beer , the woman next door getting her mail and the dog - walker who struggled to keep five animals at bay .
it had to be a hundred degrees outside that day , but people were out there buying flowers and loading mulch to beautify their lawns , or because they had nothing else to do with their lives , i supposed .
what s more , the houses lawn was hardly an ideal court , with bared , dried patches that made the ball skip oddly , or simply fall dead upon the floor with hardly a bounce .
her father finally noticed the ride - bys and gave his youngest daughter the hint that she should go out to the front lawn .
it bounded across my back lawn like a giant toad and disappeared into the thick brush that lined the property .
i turned to see one of my thirteen - year - old groupies coming out on the lawn to meet me .
the spectators go hog wild pulling and pushing citizens to get to the fallen jewels , consisting of diamonds , rubies , sapphires , emeralds , pearls and other semi - precious stones onto the yellow cobblestone street , beige sidewalks , and green manicured lawns of the noble mansions .
the nobles and citizens flow into the red buildings entrance way spilling from the lawn , park , sidewalks , and docking pad .
she rushes like a choo - choo train at me then i run down the side of the bleachers towards the lobbys doors for quick good - bye exit into the lawn , off the planet , and out of the universe .
the master of ceremonies direct points with an index finger like the ghost of christmas past in total silent to a tall oak green tree at the edge of a manicured lawn next to the hovering sbot within the building campus .
i casually stand in the middle of a manicured lawn in front of that oak tress while impatiently waiting for sbot to serve my cup of hot tea then swiftly raise a right hand before my face .
i elegantly dance boot toes to the right , the left , then backwards , and then trip on boot heels since the manicured lawn ended .
i t - scan with telepathy my palace seeing three flesh honor guards in the kitchen , stuffing their stomachs , three flesh honor guards sleeping inside a guest bedroom for the night shift and four metal honor gbots surrounding the patio and manicured lawn .
the audience shuffles and shuttles on feet from a potty break as the new game players , coaches , nobles , and bots invade the manicured green lawn of the game stadium .
i finish the trimming first , making the angles of the small forecourt lawn look nice and regular .
* i throw myself to one side , rolling across someones neatly tended lawn .
the neatly tended lawns churned up into muddied clods of earth , the sedan swerving and swaying like a fish struggling on a line .
running across other well - tended lawns .
the sedan following , careering from side to side , turning every lawn to brown mush .
what you done to my lawn ?
only a moment ago it was his neat little lawn .
at work , he was constrained by the intransigence of both upper management and labor regulations ; at home , his wife would nag at him to pick up his shoes and walk the dog and mow the god - damned lawn , for chrissakes .
the next picture was of bastion giving lecture to some kids on a lawn in front of a building .
the lawns rolled further away from the sidewalk and the houses grew farther apart .
the lawn looked to have been cut a couple of days ago .
outdoor lawn torches , which also seemed to keep the bugs at bay , were set up to maximize lighting the area .
lawn chairs lay scattered around the fire pit and small groups were all over the place .
the courtyard was clear of people , so we sprinted across the green lawn and on around the left side of the house .
jack ran toward the side of the house , and i ran across the lawn to the woods .
i thought i saw a small man darting across the lawn .
no guards were standing outside the house , so when the carriages drove to the stables , bess , and i darted across the lawn and stopped outside the dining parlor window .
people milled about over the manicured lawn , shooting arrows at the archery targets , swinging on the two seated tree swing , or filling plates with food at the three tables that were well stocked with every imaginable dish .
edith excused herself , and andrew and i took a turn around the lawn .
there was a patch of the lawn that had been made into a circle by small poles with colorful ribbons hanging from them .
the rest of the men were over at a smooth area of the lawn that had been specially designed for bowling .
as the afternoon turned to evening and the sky above grew darker , servants lit torches around the lawn , and a large camp fire was started where thomas began telling ghost stories .
windows overlooked the front lawn and the woods that surrounded the house .
from the front woods , six horses charged onto the lawn , their riders armed and firing upon my team below .
levi pitched forward onto the lawn .
we ran across the lawn and the side of the house .
my house slippers , wet from the dew on our lawn , left weird footprints as i walked .
i briefly glanced over my shoulder just as the hedges in my lawn kicked up in the wind , blowing freshly fallen leaves into a cyclone .
my father stalked back across the lawn .
my body sprawled on the lawn while the hands still seemed to be pulling me apart .
i blush slightly at the ridiculously expensive front lawn display echo has never seen before , but i ve been embarrassed about ever since it went up the first week of december .
shouts mom , but just then echo crouches low and , over his bare white shoulder , we see three zombies pacing the front lawn .
the zombies stop on the lawn and snort , sniffing the air like rabid dogs in heat .
she used to have a husband , but i do nt see him as she passes out boxes of raisins that the kids later dump on her lawn .
i shrug , admiring the mowed lawn on either side of the gate .
when he s done , when jimbo is muzzled with miracle grow lawn products , brody tells me to drag him back to the playground .
he slips the stopwatch into his pocket with satisfaction , staring out the window at the north end of the hall to find mr . willies , the groundskeeper , raking fall leaves from the front lawn .
if he can only get them away from here , out onto the front lawn , he can lock the front doors with his keys and protect the school , protect the kids .
for the ground to vibrate beneath my wet , muddy cheek , for the trucks to squeal around the corner and empty on my lawn and gun me down as well .
addy pushed through the crowded lawn to the front where bernard stood talking with gage and malcolm .
situated on a lawn chair , i lean my head back , allowing the sauna - like rays to hit my face as i think of time spent with aunt morgan on her patio in san diego .
with the flowers and shrubs of every color , its undeniably a gorgeous lawn .
he darts across the lawn , gracefully taking flight as he makes it into the russos yard .
in a flash , aidans teleportation zips us outside the blazing house and back on our front lawn .
a big monarch butterfly chased his smaller yellow companion across the trimmed grass in the front lawn on a summer breeze .
about time , tanya said , revving the little cars lawn mower engine .
annie climbed out of the passenger seat as she approached the street - legal lawn mower .
a bird swooped from one of the branches landing on a little patch of green lawn to suck up a worm .
julian lounged deep in the wooden lawn chair opposite me , with his fingers laced over his stomach .
slow steps took me across the lawn .
i found him sitting in a lawn chair .
i thought of abigails house , and a second later i was no longer feeding off angst and anger in soweto , but standing in the lawn behind abigails house , facing away from the bay .
a strongly built young man was beside her , and around them , in the lawn , on the rocky seawall , even affixed to buoys in the water , were neon - painted reactive targets .
instead , i thought of abigail , and in a second i was transported to the wide lawn behind her house .
with that , i close the door and make my trek across the lawn , jumping over the large rock that separates the yards .
he parks the car in his driveway but walks across the lawn to walk me to my door .
now , the lawns were overgrown and the cars in many of the driveways were badly in need of maintenance .
we crouched behind a shed and surveyed the broad expanse of lawn dotted with large trees and carefully tended flower gardens .
i paused halfway across the lawn to pull on my shoes .
already on the front lawn were dishes , end tables , chairs , a tv , linens , and their kitchen trashcan .
i 'll set my alarm for two a.m. bathed in fluorescent lantern light , lizzie sat in a lawn chair under the tent 's awning .
table of contents chapter 1 : things got all messed up chapter 2 : a big mistake chapter 3 : 9 months , 27 days earlier chapter 4 : little sister chapter 5 : act ii chapter 6 : in school suspension chapter 7 : fatherly advice chapter 8 : grounded chapter 9 : paying debts chapter 10 : waiting for a call chapter 11 : the date chapter 12 : summer break chapter 13 : in the dark chapter 14 : making up chapter 15 : sophomore year chapter 16 : anniversaries chapter 17 : a study chapter 18 : seconds chapter 19 : secrets chapter 20 : hanging out chapter 21 : another day chapter 22 : full circle chapter 23 : cycles acknowledgements chapter 1 : things got all messed up the lawns on his street looked clean , no toys or tools spread out on the yard .
emilys friends had turned it into a hangout complete with cheap plastic lawn chairs and a homemade fire pit .
saws and other power tools , sets of wrenches , and some left over construction piecespipes and duct work -- made her lawn look like a construction site .
her dad dropped the box onto the lawn and turned to russ to finish his pitch .
she looked out the window to see her dads stout frame marching down the street away from them and a mess spread out before her on the lawn .
she waited for the question her mom was scared to ask , the one already answered by the mess sprawled on the lawn and the quiet of the house .
they were walking across the quad now , a giant open space in the middle of campus with sidewalks crisscrossing over the lawn heading to different buildings .
emmas courage deserted her as soon as she saw the crowds of people gathered around on the front lawn of the house .
plastic lawn chairs littered the porch for the guests to sit on .
everything else was lush garden , green lawns and some pretty impressive autumn trees .
my dad probably borrowed the screws to fix the lawn mower , libby explained .
and what 's with the lawn mower ?
no one 's there , kurt said from the lawn .
i still take their mail and mow their lawn , but ... did something happen to scott and his family ?
the perfectly manicured lawn and flower beds had welcomed us as we opened our new gate .
just a short distance ahead of them was the farmhouse ; it stood dominant on a thick green lawn , with its wide verandah and white washed weatherboard walls , its heavy set raw oak door and the larger than might be expected rooster standing as sentry on the bottom step .
but mom , i have fourteen dollars saved from my lawn mowing money and you and dad said i could use it for something i wanted , and i want those shoes !
and to top it off , miss eunice was somewhat of a hoarder and not only was the garbage spread through the yard , but the bags of useless junk , the valuables gathered from garage sales and thrift stores , littered the lawn .
nicole turns and starts walking down the front lawn , taking my heart with her as she rips it out of my chest .
before i could even think , my arms hurled him across the street and into one of the lawns and immediately turned my attention to rania .
he had part of the lawn cut , but stopped to swap the loads of laundry , putting the wet ones in the dryer .
he shook his head , finished cutting the lawn and hosed off the mower .
in the summer he mowed her lawn , winter he shoveled her drive , and on wet nasty days like today he would just sit and chat with her , maybe drive her to the store .
at the gate , she slid the toes of her boots against the back of her pant legs to clean off the dust before crossing the lawn towards the house .
ella looked around her at the expanse of lawn surrounding their property .
she had found herself at the athletic fields of the boys educational center , a beautifully manicured lawn with fresh chalk lines .
she watched him walking across the lawn and out the front gate .
here we are , finn said as they stepped out of the shade into a sunlit patch of lush lawn .
ella almost opened her mouth to speak but henri was gone , moving across the lawn back to the house .
a great lawn had once presided in the front , with a white - washed fountain standing center and willow trees swaying softly around it .
the lawn had since become packed dirt and spreading weeds , but the trees beckoned to ella and she sat against the largest one , careful to position herself so she was shielded from the road .
to their right was an overgrown and weedy lawn , flanked by a rusted playground and what was left of a cinderblock building .
ella moved in front of him and , after a quick glance up the road , sprinted through the gate and onto the lawn , avoiding the gravel pathway and heading towards the house .
the morning the shutters were pulled up and i saw him striding across the lawn with you on his hip , my heart beat so fast i was sure it would burst right out of my chest .
apparently , he really hates plastic cups , said emma , as they watched preppy hulk cross the lawn toward the street .
there was a large marble sculpture of a lion in brians lawn .
brian sat in a lawn chair across from gary and his baby while linda grilled brats and burgers and roger and emma were out walking looney .
a gardener was mowing the lawns as students tramped across it , oblivious to his hard work .
i arrive on the lawn just in time to see the heavy front door knock the sleepy cy against the wall .
crewe takes hold of my hand , leading me in a zigzag across lawns where alarmed townspeople in their pajamas look to him for direction .
he demands to know where i m going when i hit the lawn .
merick stands on the front lawn and watches me carefully , trying to tell from my back whether i m telling the truth .
we stopped at the south lawn and took a seat on an empty bench .
dejected , they went and sat on the lawn .
not finding aurora on the porch , he apprehensively gazed across the lawn .
i shifted away from the fire and dropped my head against the back of lawn chair .
heidi leaned over on her lawn chair and nudged me with her elbow .
as we set out to walk together across a lawn dotted with beds of flowers and sprinkled with daisies , i found myself suddenly uncertain and reluctant to begin conversation .
rolling acres of overgrown lawns were spread on both sides , with trees that had clearly been arranged precisely to achieve maximum effect ~ here a single oak , there a chestnut , over there a clump of birch .
make one , or maybe a rake that cleans your lawn on its own .
a far cry from the manicured lawns and tidy borders of most english castles that flocked with millions of visitors each year , the grounds which now lay before her were wild and unkempt and looked as though they had not known a gardener for many years .
the lawn was patchy and ill - looking in the thin , sandy soil .
they rain down to cover lawns and sidewalks , then get raked into great piles for kids to kick and jump into .
around the pool area was a long - dead lawn and trees with crispy , brown leaves .
shareen looked out the window , at the dead lawn , the brown trees , and the cloudless sky .
sami thought for a moment , then described the dead lawn and trees , the empty swimming pool , mr . sombras little house in the corner , and the high block wall that surrounded the backyard .
ten feet away , a policeman was asleep in a lawn chair , facing the house .
the sleeping policeman snorted and wheezed , twisted in the lawn chair , then settled down again .
they gazed at the light from brians room that was now splashed across the dead lawn .
i head to the balcony and peer out of it , finding a bonfire in jace 's back yard , jace sitting in front of it in a lawn chair .
wind began to lash the tree branches and lawn furniture went skittering over the patio .
she often tsked her tongue at the decrepit lawns devoid of flowers or sensible greens .
she all but lost her breath at the ones with brown grass or ( heavens above ) toys littering the lawn .
eric did nt care about putting the bins out , or mowing lawns , and now , to top it all , he had a banging headache and a very wet bum .
a long narrow corridor ran to a door , which lead to the back lawn where there was a scattering of trees .
he walked across the back lawn to the tree .
soon shed left the big houses and manicured lawns behind and crossed into less reputable territory .
almost there , said corey as manicured lawns of palm hills estates came into view just ahead .
you should hear the lawn flamingosthats dizzies band , said mandy .
the lawn flamingos next gig is at a bowling alley .
in a haze of cigarette smoke they watched dizzies band , the lawn flamingos .
between the buildings were lawn - covered hills with occasional abstract fountains and gardens along the paths .
a man mowed his lawn , the noise of the lawn mowing droning sleepily .
a man mowed his lawn , the noise of the lawn mowing droning sleepily .
henry frowned , looking at the lawn mower man again .
mrs . mccormick was watering her lawn in one of those old - lady muumuu dresses .
more than anything , he wanted to wake up and find himself on the front lawn playing pitch with his father , while josh and his mother ran barefoot through the sprinklers .
had she been able to trade places with him in that moment , she would have seen the wet grass and fallen branches on the lawn .
he crawled under a strand of barbwire and stood on the far lawn of his grandfather tuckers estate .
percival ran across the lawn toward him .
feminine laughter traveled over the weedy lawn to percival before he could take up his search .
the lawn was well maintained .
overturned baskets now littered the front lawn beside the tattered scraps of decking .
aside from the morning paper in the lawn and small variations of foliage caused by the steadily increasing wind , nothing had changed .
then it crashed through the kitchen window before finally landing somewhere on the lawn outside .
the once - beautiful plots of flowers and well - manicured lawns had all withered brown from cold , a casualty to the oncoming winter .
turning around , i see someone running across our front lawn , heading my way .
we sat in lawn chairs facing a large stage .
someone was kicking my lawn chair behind me , and my prayer was interrupted .
we collapse on the lawn of a house halfway down the block and recoup .
the open lawns well manicured and there were no rowdy children running about kicking balls .
my first thought was n't about the whittlers ; it was about the lawn itself .
i wondered how many people had actually been hanged on the courthouse lawn .
unlike the other youths standing to attention on the lawns of cherub conventus , he had no title .
the remaining girls jumped up from the banqueting table and ran across the lawns , onto the rougher fields leading to the orchards , shouting their goodbyes and waving .
the slim blond youth emerged from the main hall and hurried over to stand on the lawn .
a breeze got up , scattering blossom from a row of chestnut trees and across the lawns ; a sudden spring snowstorm of white and pink flowers .
he 'd slipped outside to stand on the manor hall 's lawn to watch the sun rise .
choppers arrived over the habitation - work place manned by the two young lovers , arriving on the front lawn of the several houses owned by so - alif with a formidable sand - spiked wind .
if the bump cars represented frivolity of thought , then the roller coaster represented seriousness ( which would turn to humor , since one could never help but laugh when experiencing the outrageous danger of the swoop and pitch of each fall , each acceleration down an incline that could start , as if like a machine , one 's diaphragm into the peristaltic contractions of a laughter which would increase by what it fed onlike a sheep kept in suburbia to keep one 's front lawn clipped ! ) .
he could n't do enough for yah , '' jerry narrated , turning left beside a well - clipped lawn with a mansion in the background beyond dark green poodle shrubbery , a white sidewalk in the foreground , ` ` all ' luh way up to duh best - lined or most spare coffin in'na nearest italian funeral home . ''
terry gave you the feel of a schoolteacher who had just come in from mowing the lawn , and he and mr . croak shook .
the crowd cut loose a cheer as gary brown dribbled into the left - hand corner and went up with an unbelievable shot over two outstretched defenders that swished right through like a lawn mower cutting a perfect swath of grass through a country club golf course !
right now he was in the national library of medicine on the polecart , a cart like a riding lawn mower with an extension platform on it that cranked up mechanically to the height of about 15 to 20 feet .
firemen stormed the side lawn and rushed into the gym with gas masks and hoses at the ready .
the vee - team is armed with hatchets , hammers , and other garden variety lawn tools .
the courtyard was mostly made of smooth , bare sandstone , except for a circular lawn at the center .
in the middle of the lawn was a fountain , where water gently spilled from a stone sculpture of two intertwined dragons .
so , mac started in his early teens earning pocket money by mowing lawns , raking leaves , and babysitting .
a lawn of perfectly manicured green grass , not a weed in sight , progressed into a rose garden with fragrance so heady even the bees flew heavily , buzzing around the abundant blooms .
stately brick and stone columned buildings lined a wide green swath of lawn where many students lounged with backpacks and books , napped or listened to music .
and , gauging by the chaos on the front lawn of the school campusregistration , moving in , laughing and getting reacquaintedpeople were too wrapped up in their own stuff to notice a new girl , anyway .
someone hollered from one of the booths on the other side of the lawn .
i was well aware that if i even mentioned the idea of canceling the dance in public , i d probably be stoned out on the front lawn of the school .
zeus was waiting for them beneath the vast canopy of the tree that stood proudly on the front lawn .
the manicured lawn was separated by tall trees from its neighbors , and a panoramic view of the valley was visible from the driveway .
across the street , on the lawn and under the trees , students hung out in groups , some paired up , others not .
shed pushed the foam blocks along the walls and placed two lawn chairs on opposite sides of the room .
she had to find it before the lawn was mowed , or worse , before snippy sadie lapp found it .
it was like a lawn mower going over a piece of concrete .
grandma sandy laughed along as she ran as fast as she could across their front lawn .
the two of them laid on the drying grass of the lawn and they looked up the sky , trying to look for various animal figures from the clouds above .
i 'll be back soon , luna replied and as she crossed the lawn to the street where some joggers were busy chatting away .
luna passed by a few houses and waved at familiar old neighbors , and then she was again , walking on their front lawn .
she finally pushed open the umbrella and she crossed their front lawn .
thank you , ma'am , luna said , and then she was back on the wet street , crossing from here to there , skipping in their front lawn , careful to not step on the wet and muddy grass .
chapter ten luna sat at their drying front lawn the next morning .
luna quietly sat by the front lawn , observing joggers as she looked left and right for any hint that the old woman was coming , but still , there was none .
her parents were by the front lawn enjoying a cup of coffee as they browsed over their tablets for the latest fashion .
she crossed the lawn and enjoyed a lung - full of fresh air , and then she crossed the street to an open garage across .
combines , tractors and skid loaders were parked everywhere , mingled with a few lawn mowers , four - wheelers and snow mobiles .
they broke up the cold , heartless skyscrapers of downtown and forced sprawling lawns in an otherwise jungle of concrete and stone .
i pictured lawn furniture and dying plants .
glutton had obviously been stolen from the roof of a snack bar where it had served as an advertising aid and moved onto the lawn of the house ( he was tied to the towing hook of the car which was parked right there on the lawn ) , which was hosting the fun that day .
glutton had obviously been stolen from the roof of a snack bar where it had served as an advertising aid and moved onto the lawn of the house ( he was tied to the towing hook of the car which was parked right there on the lawn ) , which was hosting the fun that day .
at one of such moments when myself and joshua were forty feet away from the lawn , i addressed my friend : hey , how about a selfie with that dude behind ?
we came to the entrance door which , quite surprisingly , proved to be locked , in spite of the crowd partying on the lawn , and joshua touched the bell .
the entrance door was swung open and through i could see how several policemen detained some guy on the lawn .
bro , we ca nt go there , one drunken guy punched a cop in the face right there on the lawn .
on the lawn the cops were arresting anyone who happened to .
i race up another slight hillside of more yellow dead leaves and matted pine needles going higher into the tree line at 40 miles - per - hour with the wind blowing my hair from my back and the sun burning more freckles on my skin while neck snapping my face to the right seeing the front porch of becks house as i pass it thinking ill attack from behind going to the back patio pretending to be having a joy ride early in the morning hours on my birthday mobile present since the actworth can hear the buzzing noise of the fifty - ponies inside the motor passing their lawn with eardrums as i giggle with a girly twang .
i love the farm life , the fresh air , and the sun shine feeling deep down to my baby blue - painted toe nails that i do nt want to leave my farm happy that mama and daddy ca nt afford the expense of college life since i want to stay for the summertime , fall , winter , and springtime planning my wedding next summer with garth as i smile like my face is cracking open as i deeply inhale then nosily exhale the fresh smells of hay , soybeans , and cow turds then i stomp the gas pedal for my fun trip down the hillside into the valley of red waving wildflowers before i plan to turn right onto the private lawn of becks home .
i twist my body upon the concrete driveway of becks house surrounding on my right a nicely manicured pretty lawn of bright green short thick grass that extends from the driveway across about hundred feet to the animal pasture fence posts all even - leveled and neat to the eyeballs .
i pass another 80 - feet high full canopy oak tree on my right with its own cedar wooden bench around it housing a set of orange wild roses under your bee_hind giggling that an orange rose represents the emotion of desire and fascination quickly thinking about stealing one rose for garth but axe that silly idea as i stomp my boots closer to the front porch walking passed a third oak tree that covers the entire ground but the short green grass grows nicely under the thick overstory as i suddenly stop and stare at the lawn .
normally , the big shade trees will destroy the grass but the actworths lawn is very lushy and plushy with thick yards of green grass all the way to the full pecan trees lining the edges of the fence posts as i tromp ahead towards the front door .
the front - porch faces the pretty manicured lawn while the east and west wall holds only a set of two windows .
then , the sky rains down small , medium and large bluish heated chucks of metal onto the lawns , roofs , chimneys , vehicles , humans in the city limits of eugene , oregon .
it fills the sky like shiny glittering snowflakes with tails hitting in my front lawn .
thieves never use the front door , mama , squatting then grab one of the short thick hard tiki stones creating a circle of beautiful lawn ornaments from the flower garden .
all the earthlings are hiding inside their homes , safe and sound , without knowing the secret superpower civil war is taking place , right in front of their city streets or inside their manicured lawns .
his house was a simple bungalow styled house on a hill , coloured sky blue wooden all over covered by tiled roof , a manicured lawn and bushes on the sides .
the lawns were as smooth and soft as carpet with many different flowers .
mark had walked away across the lawn .
i slip into our yard through the back wall door and stalk cautiously across the browning lawn to the wide double doors that open onto the patio .
i carve the wheel and guide the vehicle across the front lawn , chewing up chunks of sod as i go , bringing us around the back of the building and out of sight from the street .
carda turned down a neighborhood street with old trees and dark , shaded lawns .
demetrius turned at bay and flung a firestorm of magic at the seeker , tearing chunks out of the sidewalk and blowing craters in nearby lawns .
michelle dragged carda to the lawn instead of letting him scorch on the driveway .
as she pushed herself to her hands and knees , the front door flew open , and carda and xironi ran out onto the lawn .
he went spiraling through two other walls before he fell outside , skidding through the grass and dirt of their front lawn .
they walked onto my lawn just as i was getting up .
the bushes gave way as she stepped out from the lawn of the park onto the stone floors that made up the museums entrance .
chelsea and jackie came next , practically skipping across the lawn where kurma was waiting .
then i notice some people sitting in a circle of lawn chairs , partying it up on the front yard .
yeah , i hate to cut this q & a short , but i have to mow the lawn .
we weave through the crowd , across the grassy lawn which separates courtneys house from robs , and over to her circular drive .
i turn and sprint across the grassy lawn , feeling my heart thud in my chest .
as i cross the lawn , rob rushes toward me , keys in hand .
the lawn rolled away from the mansion like a soft green carpet .
we walked over the clipped green lawn .
crossing the back lawn , i noticed that a number of tall white tents had been erected .
well , the first reason that i do nt think you re crazy is that the lawn was trimmed yesterday .
i crossed the lawn until i found a nice quiet bench under a shady tree .
wet leaves skittered across the church lawn with the gusting wind .
i crossed the lawn and made my way to the lych gate that separated brynmoor proper from the fields leased by the martins .
i heard the front door slam and simon and mr . fitzgibbon yelling directions to each other as they raced across the lawn toward the stable .
for now , we need to transport this coke bottle and move ourselves out onto the front lawn immediately ! ''
they ran out to the snow - covered front lawn , each grabbing a jacket on the way .
i ran ahead through the night until i flopped down in the middle of someones nice lawn to catch my breath .
from the group of shadowy figures huddled around the front lawn i made out a familiar short , shapely form .
i yelled across the lawn .
he retook his seat next to eddy at the poker table , we headed for the lawn chairs further back in the garage .
she let escape upon seeing the lifeless werewolf on her lawn .
but if you were lying here dead on my lawn , looking like that she looked at him as if to say , sorry .
there was still some snow on the lawn , but the drifts were turning to slush in the heat the wilted grass underneath was cool and wet .
the lawn was mowed , dads truck was gone , and i momentarily wondered if he had moved away without us .
the buick held firm , conceding only some chrome trim , but the van groaned and lurched out of the driveway and onto our front lawn .
but this is not our baytown , of neat suburban homes and tidy lawns .
there are bushes and lawns and footpaths and more bicycles leaning against walls .
jeremy took a careful sip of his steaming , hot tea as he sank into one of his lawn chairs .
she stared at the unfamiliar , blue house with a cramped lawn .
chapter 4 it was late in the evening by the time emily parked her blue sedan in front of a medium - sized white house with neatly trimmed shrubbery , a healthy lawn , and a double garage .
the gunman lay face down on the lawn with three bullet wounds in his back and his gun lying several feet away from his right hand .
she lived in a small , beige house with a tiny lawn and her neighbors homes crowded beside it to give an overall cramped impression .
the two story building is painted white with stain glass windows and has huge white pillars , a well - kept lawn , and granite steps .
he shoves me and my head strikes something hard when i land in someone 's wet front lawn .
a blue house with an overgrown lawn .
the lawn is neatly manicured and there are three cars in the driveway , a pontiac , toyota , and a cadillac .
the lawn is nicely cut , a potted plant rests on the step of the front porch .
then , he put out a big bucket of water on the wide expanse of what used to be a lawn but was now a flowering meadow , and left her alone with the pup and hank 's training bot .
winnie was sound asleep on the lawn , cuddled with the pup who once again was dreaming of something that involved running .
the rabbits were all in hiding whenever the pup was on the lawn now but that did n't seem to make much difference .
they would ride in the large expenses of the driveway and on the lawn of the house .
she stuffed the key in her jeans pocket and hurried across the lawn , looking back over her shoulder at her parents bedroom window to make sure they were nt peeking out at her from behind the curtain .
on our left were six - foot oil paintings , and to the right , a glass enclosure with views of the outer veranda and lawns .
the lawn was plagued by weeds , rusted wires encroached the stone walls like an aged prison .
the afternoon sun splashed softly on the front lawn .
she wants to double date to the movies tonight , '' he said in a tone that sounded as if he were going to cut the lawn , or shovel snow .
he highly doubted dale had taken his jeep to go joy riding in the woods , but ice still sulked a bit , thinking of all the lawns he 'd mown and movies he 'd watched at home instead of going out so he could save money .
liam was driving the car on the lawn toward me .
there are blankets spread out all over the lawn in front of the school .
a boy who dragged her with no effort across her lawn .
bleed out on her lawn .
i did nt see anything sunny about it with its rusty trailers , faded lawn ornaments , and abandoned cars .
citizens scrambled to make their lawns more perfect than they were before .
as the bell shrilled out across the pathetic yard , i watched a child get dragged by her hair across the plastic lawn .
every yard was the same in pau brasilone square of lawn , a concrete path , and one pau brasil tree in the center of every lawn , which had to be maintained meticulously .
every yard was the same in pau brasilone square of lawn , a concrete path , and one pau brasil tree in the center of every lawn , which had to be maintained meticulously .
our neighbor eyed us curiously as my mother and i struggled to keep up with paulos cracking pace , watering the pavement instead of his lawn .
it had seeded in our front lawn , blown from the outside .
no birds , no wolves howling , no lawn mowers grumbling .
the orb rocketed across the front lawn , aimed directly at the warriors chest .
the light of the fire glistened off the bloody mess on the lawn that had once been his friend .
it took two days to determine that the bloody chunks strewn across the lawn of the first unexplained fire had been the missing man .
i was supposed to mow the lawn .
the sweet musk of the lawn floated up my nose and i sneezed , absorbing the daylight in harsh flashes .
the girls loved the colorful hanging baskets of flowers on the front porch , and the park - like front lawn .
modest sized houses with neatly kept lawns line the streets .
the lawn is well cared for , but not perfect , and the mailbox looks like its been backed into several times .
i pulled off my greatcoat , lifted my tunic and slowly eased the wad of blood soaked lawn and lace from my stomach .
i slipped between the lane and across the lawn towards the cottages and ran into someones arm .
i stepped back and let the dog take over and found myself a passenger at the end of a leash as i padded through the white house corridors to the south lawn where president rickover , dusty and i spent fifteen minutes looking for the right spot .
chapter 26 staring through the bars at the most famous home in the nation , i admired the beautiful faade of the white house , the south lawn and the graceful columns .
he looked around , the chopper had set down on the lawn of the preserves gatehouse expressly for him .
i was too stubborn to call dad or felice so i headed out of the gardens to the south lawn knowing that the security cameras would pick me up .
if you have no fence , it means that any number of those things could be wandering around your lawn .
we need to just drive by in the boat and see what the lawn looks like and if its clear we should dock up and make a run for it .
the dock had a wooden ramp that extended to the edge of the lawn where it was met with a stone pathway that wound it 's way through his mother 's gardens up to the back porch of the house .
` ` i can see a couple of them a few houses down , but i do n't see any in your parents lawn . ''
at first it looked as if they were two normal people walking around their lawn , but a closer look told another story .
the bodies in the lawn next door were not walking with the classic outstretched arms , but more like a slow meandering stroll .
` ` i think we need to make some noise on the other side of their lawn and see how they react , '' he whispered .
the couple in the lawn spun around as if on a dime and ran toward the source of the sound at an alarming speed .
the speed at which the couple had crossed the lawn to the window was astounding , especially given that they were older .
they crept slowly into the living room , very aware that the infected corpses were still pounding against the large glass windows that looked out over the back lawn , making a drumbeat like some kind of macabre marching band .
aran yelled as he bolted across the porch and jumped down to the lawn .
both boys were running as fast as they could across the back lawn , trying to get to the dock and into the safety of the boston whaler .
he could see stars in front of his eyes and his vision started to blur as he stumbled down the sloping lawn towards the wooden boat dock .
he looked up the dock and saw ellis struggling down the lawn ; two corpses close on his heels .
the fastest of the corpses was halfway down the lawn and moving like the wind .
after spending several hours out on the water , they lowered the sails and motored back into the harbor , the familiar buildings and shacks of the island greeting them like children on a front lawn .
joyah shook her head and looked back across the lawn .
a shadow appeared , climbing over the stone wall that surrounded the lawn .
lets go , she said , and they took off in a run across the grassy lawn .
joyah glared across the lawn at jen , who was being loudly scolded by her mother .
with an impish grin gilla took off across the lawn .
shane looked around at the bodies of kids littering the steps , lawn , and the gardens of the capitol building , many of them several years younger than he was .
a few minutes later , malin and rilse found a trampled section of lawn .
wide lawns sloped away from each side of the wings of the house , and malin knew that the carefully maintained gardens continued behind the elaborate , massive structure before him .
he changed into loose trousers and tweed jacket , gathered his bedroll and pack of provisions which indeed aunt aila heaped upon him , and he and rilse walked in silence across the grounds of roswood and into the shelter of trees drooped just so over flowers and green lawn .
the world was a blur that did nt come back into focus until my the familiar three story brick home with the iron gate surrounding the perfectly trimmed green lawn came into view .
even with fall coming into the air , our lawn was soft as spring .
my dad has a lawn care service .
there was a horse in the lawn .
i sat on the porch in an old , rusty piece of lawn furniture , the kind with the vines and flowers on the armrests and the metal mesh seat that seems to massage you while you sit .
then my parents work and work and work during the week and weekends while i slump and slumber around the house , the lawn , your house or your farm .
he walks across a lawn of dry grass and tall weeds then down a valley of brown bushes then over a hill of dry grass and then into a field of colorful part dead and part alive wildflowers .
the hallway is brighter than the lawn since its completely darkness outside for exploring the dry and dead lawn grass .
the hallway is brighter than the lawn since its completely darkness outside for exploring the dry and dead lawn grass .
the lawn is sickly manicured for my precious naked toes , giggles with persia .
her grays starting to claim her full head of hair like dandelions on a healthy lawn .
the moment the great crow landed the carriage onto manor majors ragged lawn , grand scooped xanthus up and launched out of the carriage .
brandy was about to respond , but her eyes wandered past helen and to the school lawn .
hundreds of booths manned by students were scattered across huron schoolhouses lawn .
it was just the two of them walking across the lawn like old buddies .
at the far end of the lawn stood the ictree .
surrounding the ictree were dozens of signs that read : gnomes were scattered across the lawn .
they held wooden pails while wandering the frosty lawn directly under the ictree .
the gnome pointed to the lawn .
i would ve become a spring lawn , daniel finished his sentence .
the monsters were sprinting across the lawn .
brandy was sprinting across the lawn , clutching her shoes .
glass showered over the lawn and a blur of lizard skin rolled over .
his mind was racing , racing with his body across a vast lawn , he was n't sure where he was going but his instincts drove him forward towards a strange building , he realised it was the summerhouse at the mitchells place .
they were just about to round the back of the house when stanton stopped her , they pulled back behind the wall , in front of them the lawn was awash with the mist , fanning out in all directions .
the most luxurious camomile lawn ever at our old house in salisbury , no expense spared of course , mum had hired a gardener , now what s that tune ?
she points to a swing in the middle of a perfect luscious green lawn .
eric was sprawled on her front lawn .
it was a much classier section of welch , where all the houses appeared impeccably kempt and their lawns had to be manicured to perfection in accordance with their strict neighborhood covenants .
dead on the lawn and traces of your blood , which by the way , leaves a diamond residue when it dries out .
dizzy then climbed over the fencing and walked across the haunted mansions front lawn .
the lawn also sizzled when her tear drops made contact .
the point was further emphasised by the trees which mccready had recently erected on the college lawn , not trees at all but three foot high fibreglass cones , painted brown at the pointed and green at the blunt end , only trees in as much that mccready had said they were , his assertion given confirmation by his quote from magritte that any shape whatever may replace the image of an object .
give us a hand , griff , help me lower this down to the lawn , he asked , dragging the sack to an open window and tying a length of nylon climbing rope to its neck .
i do nt recall there ever being a greenhouse down there on the front lawn .
those letters he s got scattered across the front lawn , she said .
then , when mccready made a triumphant reappearance and removed the letters the message would be there on the lawn itself for all to see : this was green , this is yellow .
griff took a second sip , then asked , have you seen mccreadys letters on the front lawn ?
if you had nt got him drunk he would n't have fallen into the rose bushes on the lawn .
there is no ground , grass or lawn with flowers .
i walked slowly back to mark , who was standing on his lawn looking off toward where the minivan had disappeared .
her house turned out to be a rather rundown , poorly maintained ranch style home with pink flamingos decorating the front lawn and trash strewn about the street .
this morning , his house is vacant , and there s a for sale sign on the front lawn .
the next door neighbor , ron , was already ahead of me with his hose , trying to put out the car fire , so i sprayed the flaming trash on the lawn with water .
i went and got trashbags and two rakes from the shed , and we cleaned up the lawn as best we could .
he grasped me by the arms and lifted me up , then hustled me out of the house and to the front lawn .
we collapsed on the lawn , panting heavily .
a light mist covered the grass , wetting the toes of her shoes as she walked across her lawn .
the moon was nearly full , and cast an unearthly light across our front lawn .
or how about the place with the dying lawn and little kid 's plastic toys strewn all over , where i could hear a woman yelling inside ?
this is our new home ; a dainty apartment , with broken windows and a withered lawn .
i stopped just as i reached the front lawn because i realized that i did nt know which room was her room , and i was nt exactly prepared to walk up and ring the doorbell at 2:42 in the morning .
she finally came to just as i reached her front lawn .
i leap into the air and land softly on my palace front lawn .
she glides out of the suv and crosses our lawn to the mailbox .
the sun had already faded from the sky by the time he pulled into john ss suburban neighborhood , marveling at the palatial houses with their rolling expanses of well - tended lawns and flower beds .
the most stunning garden i had ever seen blanketed the front lawn .
* like most of the houses in hermon , sis was neat , low built , and set back from the road behind a small , regularly maintained lawn .
throwing his wrench down onto the lawn , sis dad strode off back towards the houses front door .
pulling her along with him , he darted across a lawn towards the nearest house .
almost directly behind them , the police car bounced up onto the kerb , slewing to a halt on the lawn .
with the heavy clunk of doors hurriedly flung open , the policemen leapt out onto the now heavily churned up lawn .
cutting behind a garden shed , they came to the end of the garden : an almost bare lawn , dominated by a gnarled apple tree .
get ready to cut across the lawn and into someones garden again !
like most of the other houses on the street , it was set slightly back from the road behind a neat lawn and well - tended flower borders .
still holding hands , they dashed across the lawns , leapt over box hedging , uncaringly crashed through flowers beds .
tom effortlessly transformed the whirl of his body into a smooth run , sprinting across the darkened lawns .
suddenly , the darkness around the boy changed , expanding and moving as a tall man stepped out of the solid black of the lawns .
she rushed across the lawn towards the window with the broken boarding .
from out on my balcony , i can see nearly the whole back lawn and garden .
the woods led to the back lawn of the pemota community center , a fitness and meeting facility .
through the skylights he could see huxley , der , and joe standing around a card table that was surrounded with lawn chairs .
when they arrived at sea eagle watch they saw the high - end homes , all clad with porches and well - kept lawns .
-- -- frank pressed a button on the wall and a man - hole cover opened into the lawn behind pemota high .
the front of our home had a large grass lawn and a massive 3 - tier waterfall feature .
i woke up to the annoying , roaring sound of a lawn mower .
waking up by the sound of a lawn mower sure gives you a headache .
there s a rumor that he buried his neighbors cat up to its head and then ran it over with a lawn mower .
all his friends back in korea had been jealous hearing about their real house with a lawn , garage , and even a small tool shed out back .
the night before snow had freshly covered everything and clint could still remember the glistening , unmarked blanket that lay over his lawn as he tromped out into the fresh powder .
at that moment , a dirt bike flew down the sidewalk across the street and slammed into a rough edge too hard , tossing the rider into the nearby lawn while the bike flipped and slid down across the cement .
` ` you know , '' clint said , almost falling over on his lawn , ` ` i 'd almost not mind never knowing who 's helping us if it meant the grumblys would leave us alone .
everything was spread out , and lavish lawns filled the spaces .
i used my old board for another few years , then mowed lawns for another summer and bought a different board with that money .
get a job , mow lawns or something , someone else called out .
toby stopped running at the edge of the lawn , swallowed hard , and walked slowly to the swing , puffing a little .
she teased as they walked across the lawn .
willow squeezed my hand , and she suddenly began dragging me away from laura , through an emergency exit and out into what should have been the front lawn of the school .
she took my hand and led me quickly across the lawn .
i saw her whisper something into laura 's ear , and almost instantly the firewall that i could see through the classroom windows flickered out , and the lawn returned back to normal .
roy appeared next to us with some lawn chairs under his arm .
the house we stopped in front of was like the others except that it had a colorful elephant ornament sitting cross - legged in the lawn surrounded by white rocks .
out the windows was the far side of campus ; the forest met a gentle sloping lawn .
they came running across the dark lawn , tumbling out of dorm rooms and scattering from the dining hall .
we rounded a corner and were about to walk inside when i saw something moving on the lawn .
lisabelle was on the lawn , kneeling next to a motionless form .
sitting on a fold - up lawn chair , i adjust a thick sheet of paper on my easel .
simon folded like a lawn chair .
the lawn chair and easel are where i left them yesterday .
near the pond , grams sat on a lawn chair waving .
i found myself sitting on a lawn chair next to her .
her empty lawn chair waits for her return .
as i sit in aimee 's lawn chair , i ' m filled with thoughts of her .
we set up the easel and paints , straighten the lawn chairs , and are about to sit down when aimee peers in the direction of one of the trees .
but after an hour in a lawn chair watching the fish jump , i ' m done waiting for him .
halfway across the lawn , i could still hear her go on about the benefits of dieting , but behind the wooden gate that led to our backyard , relaxation reigned supreme .
i took one step towards the lawn when all of a sudden james had me over his shoulder entering his house , kicking his front door closed and heading up the stairs .
i ran on the tip of my toes across the lawn towards his suv .
with our recent actions the level of alert was at an all - time high and they were ready for an attack on their front lawn .
when the mist turned the klamp gatepost and seeped across the manicured lawn , it was nt far behind .
the rolling lawns were startlingly green , hundreds of healthy trees and bushes were clustered discreetly around the campus , many of them in bloom , providing a profusion of color to the landscape .
they were marching towards the nova , right across the manicured lawns of his neighbors .
jj approached a man sitting on a plastic lawn chair next to the buildings front door and they exchanged words .
i was sitting on a plastic lawn chair staring at ten - dollar bundles stacked on the cracked glass coffee table we used to count our profits every night .
we parked on the street in front of the house , cut through the lawn , and entered the front door .
the garbage of the house and whole sections of its construction seemed to be littered over the lawn .
no , you ca n't get in that way no more , fluky instructed as he cut across the brown , sandy front lawn .
you could be trapped under a canoe at forty - nine , in a cancer ward at fifty - nine , or lying on your own lawn paralyzed at seventy - two .
jayson walked to the edge of his driveway and inspected the work on the front yard the lawn care crew had performed earlier that day .
people in the town of belmont took pride in their lawns , jayson recognized .
there were generous portions of crabgrass in her lawn , and beside the cement porch a wild looking bush had grown to half the height of the house .
the lawn was well cared for and the place seemed wholesome and warm .
once a month you re going to mow the lawn .
the lawn was mostly crab grass and the paint on the front porch was peeling , but all in all it looked like a nice place .
as they walked across the lawn to the chevy , the young one , sam , gave an excited look to her mother .
sam did a little skip of excitement as she crossed the lawn .
i picked a white house with a tile roof and a well manicured lawn as my point of entry and jeremy picked a two story house with an open driveway .
i ran into one backyard and there was some dude sitting on a lawn chair smoking .
jeremy had the idea to put an old rug and a couple of folding lawn chairs at the bottom of the hole before we covered it .
the front lawns got bigger and bigger .
behind the house was a swimming pool and a large patio bordered in an l shape by the lawn .
we had walked up to a mismatched couple who were both sitting on the edge of a reclining lawn chair .
there was a three foot brick wall that bordered a sav - on parking lot , and between the wall and the lot was a small strip of lawn .
she flicked the remains of her cigarette and somehow it flew all the way across her lawn into the street .
michael spat , realizing our brilliant plan had nt worked as we dodged some lawn furniture .
i stumbled on my way to the backyard , and when i regained my balance i found myself on a lawn next to an inflatable kiddie pool and a swing set .
the partygoers , dressed in their finest suits and gowns , were milling about on the blackened front lawn .
they hurried forwards and reached the front lawn after half a minute .
to isak , its as though a gigantic lawn mower , with howling blades and yammering pistons has suddenly rolled over him .
across the short stretch of lawn , a bank of recently pruned poinsettias and cordylines wagged in the afternoon light , their prunings piled neatly in front of them .
petey sniffed the brown leaf piles that lay on the lawn and suddenly decided to dart down the street as if chasing some invisible rabbit .
the takeoffs and landings made the feeder swing from the branch , scattering nuts and seeds over the lawn for squirrels and chipmunks to stuff their cheeks with .
her father watched her play as he pulled a lawnmower out of the shed , wondering if it would be safer for her to go inside while he mowed the lawn .
they talked about soccer , movies , late - night talk shows and stupid lawn ornaments as the jeep jittered with each passing bump .
the rising of the sun always summoned a line of geese from the small wetlands across the street to eat at the front lawn of the forty - five - year - old widow .
ever since her husbands death , the woman had kept the feeder full in the front of her red - brick ranch home , and the geese made their way across the street each morning , and then again at sunset , creating a brown , patchy trail across the green lawn .
they stuck sculptures of predator owls on their lawns to keep the geese away , but had to change the ornaments when the birds lost their fear at the fake enemy .
having a lawn that needed mowing was stupid .
another cracking sound and bolt of energy shot out from helels hands , this time pulverizing a large boulder that azazel had placed on the lawn .
on the lawn , where most of the activity was , he found eugeny and talked to him quietly .
everybody on the lawn had stopped when the first notes of the rhapsody sounded .
i try to recall the days when it may have evoked a comfortable feeling of predictability ; but now i find it too obscure a memory , too distant and tainted ; i stare at it in an attempt to make it real -- the sharp green hedges and sleek white fences marking boundaries , lush and blossoming fruit trees dropping petals and spotting well - manicured lawns , tall stemmed dahlias top heavy and leaning against sides of chimneys like frail birds , miniature roses thorny and blood - red languishing on trellises , sharp gleaming metal of bikes and scooters and pogo sticks tipped onto their sides , stray balls adrift , rolling along like tumbleweeds in some phantom breeze .
when tammy found him the next morning , on the front lawn , she told him to leave .
the collonade at the student union was filled with some great memories , both for those who campaigned on election day , and for those regular students who enjoyed the occasional fairs , carnivals , and movies on the lawn that happened within spitting distance of it .
ben walked over to the window to try and get a first glimpse of wayne as he made his way down the expansive urban meadow called the north lawn , which was laid out in front of the colonnade .
he sat at a picnic bench on the north lawn , underneath a large oak tree that certainly was older than most of the buildings on campus .
maybe taking up lawn bowls at the woopy bowling club only a couple of streets away .
when wil sat on that seat with his camera in hand and looking back to the home , he could feel its past coming to him , the japanese owner and his guests , the trees in full bloom , sunlight streaming through the trees to mottle reflections on the green lawn , and a picture of pure harmony was calling .
it 's at your doorstep , no massive house and neighbours who do n't want to know you , and they have all those lawns to mow .
the green of lawn , movements of people , a shrine of white flag poles and a cross , the individual markers themselves , the neat orderly rows and the spiritual reverence of it all .
but as such it made perfect use of the slopes , for terraces of garden beds had been set out to stroll beside , including some lawn areas , seating of course and a stream of some sort working its way down through the garden set within a stand of native trees indigenous to the area , the stream adorned by lilies , grasses and shrubs .
the garden was nt vast in area but sculptured upon the hillside and at its birth or inception , needing huge amounts of effort to cut back the jungle and replace it with lawns , terraces , stone embankments , pathways and figurines scattered throughout .
the man left to attend another visitor and wil was able to wander down steps to the lawn below , a pathway winding through trees to another terrace that led down to the lake itself and grid of grass flagstones , then onto a seating area where wil noticed the energies of the garden and lake were elevated and of auspicious chi .
they shaped the landscape as viewed from the lawn .
both set to frame the view of the lawn and gardens from the courtyard and outdoor living areas .
ironically , some villas and cottages are set beside the expanse of lawn , and no doubt , available for letting .
it was a garden of no flowers , only of plants and lawn and trees positioned and used to create scenes to view rather than touch .
why build a temple underground of ground level with one small rectangular block of stone , surrounded by low walls and lawn ?
no garden to care for , no lawn to mow , mail box was full , but nothing of consequence and betty still not going to the solicitors , if the mail was any answer .
stunned , she forgot about her milk and it fell to the ground , landing on a soft patch of lawn .
funny thing though , coming in last night i tripped over a glass on the back lawn .
tinny strains of return to sender echoed over the grounds as the waiting adherents slowly climbed the hill , past the graffitied stone wall , past the gates , past the wooded lawn .
the folks began a slow , impatient clapping that spread across the lawn , joined by a swelling chorus of spring peepers , and a few shrewd fans blew air horns .
there d be no end to lawns and hedges and stuff to work on .
we d put up signs sayin muldoon lawn service , then everyone would see what good work we do , an word would spread , an i d start callin other folks , an before you know it we d have all sorts of jobs to do .
on wednesday , four days after cassie had watched him wave good - bye from the lodges front porch , a pair of hikers found adam , unconscious , three miles east of the wolfork trail , his small body stretched out across the forest lawn and covered in cold morning dew .
he lifted his head , opened the trucks front door , and looked across the street at the house nearest him , a tall english tudor with big chimneys and a wide lawn and cobblestone walkway from the street to the porch .
it was alive and messy , with sofas on porches and kegs on lawns , study groups and lovers meeting behind curtains in the windows up above .
he thought he saw his wife on the front lawn ( she had died several years earlier ) .
his neighborhood was predictably nondescript full of two - story colonial homes with two car garages on small lots with well - manicured lawns which were now dormant for the winter .
pine trees and tex - mex food and front lawns and churches everywhere even though her family did nt belong to one .
teddie was nt crazy about either option for a good nights rest , but between ushas pleading eyes and michelles assurances that shed be just fine indoors by herself , teddie finally agreed to a night out on the lawn with usha .
and sure enough , teddie found herself on michelles front lawn , baffled .
all of them had their front and garage doors open with assorted debris strewn over the front lawns .
marys eyes began to tear up as her brother - in - law led her across the lawn and headed down the street .
i ca nt let it go , she dropped on the lawn .
he stared at the large sign that sat on the lawn of the building .
she hates how the white recedes into a blackened wall of ice - rock that separates sidewalk from street and how lawns emerge from their white blanket , brownish , soggy , and flattened .
they drive along streets lined with solid brick homes , stately trees , and lawns that somehow do nt look so bad in the march melt .
they round a corner and drive past a snowy lawn and frosted trees .
woods surrounded the yard after a short expanse of lawn .
la salle was nt as fancy as the arcadia neighborhood , near his home , but shrubs were trimmed , lawns mowed , and there was little or no peeling paint on the houses .
they broke windows , destroyed lawn furniture , flattened truck tires .
his quarry was encased in a wire cage on top of the lawn tractor he was driving across the flat , grass - covered range , towing a contraption to collect golf balls .
val climbed on board and stone steered the lawn tractor back towards the center of the range , around the two - hundred - and - twenty - five yard mark .
millie could hear him throwing up and she hoped it was on the lawn .
everyone will be told to bring lawn chairs .
millie locked the house up and they went down by the water and around the end of the fence onto docs lawn .
there were people sitting everywhere on folding lawn chairs .
billie held him down while she brought the suv up onto the lawn .
the place was packed and there were people sitting outside the tent in lawn chairs .
around her was a neighborhood of rich , white houses with rose gardens on each front lawn .
much like all the other houses around it , the massive front lawn sprung with colorful flower beds and rose gardens , none of which was actually maintained by anyone in the frost household , but by garden workers with dry hands and very little money .
this is because people who ca nt afford to hire gardeners are forced to tend to their lawns entirely on their own ( if you can believe it ) , and some of them do nt even use professional grade growth stimulants ( these people exist i assure you ) .
therefore , a lazy man with no concern for the well - being of his own front yard would complain that the grass is always greener on the other side because while his neighbors watched over their lawns , he would do nothing about his .
or a man who tends to his lawn might say that the grass is greener on the other side when he finds his neighbor donating more time and labor to keep his side of the grass as green as green can be .
i would have of course preferred we hold the presentation on the south lawn .
through the tall window to the left of the presidents desk mauer saw marine one perched on the south lawn .
on the south lawn the late afternoon sun glinted off marine one .
they went out through a ground floor exit onto the south lawn .
he looked out the window , searching the lawn and the avenue beyond for sign of young officers .
he tossed the remnants of his coffee on the lawn .
they emerged into the cooler but no less humid air of the south lawn .
jack remained quiet until they had walked clear of the smoke pervading the south lawn .
tad , lewis and two other boys were playing mumble - the - peg on the wide lawn before the fortress - like soldiers home .
lincoln and stanton lounged against one of the broad oaks at the edge of the lawn .
laughter peeled as the kids raced about the towering flagpole in the center of the lush lawn .
i guarantee it , pet , pete replied , his geordie accent seeming out of place on the lawn in front of this august establishment .
katies room looked out over a beautifully maintained square of lawn with bare trees .
the lawn was coated in frost this morning as katie prepared for her psychology lecture .
flashing lights danced on the front lawn and house .
7 may myzombiejournal savage klaxon a large truck drives over the lawn of a town house followed by a mass of the dead , i was frozen for only a second .
we do nt have to worry about cutting the lawn .
one thing he hated back east was cutting the lawn , leaf clean up , and all that stuff .
manny says at least he wo nt have to mow the lawn , which is funny cause indians do nt mow lawns , would nt even cross their minds .
manny says at least he wo nt have to mow the lawn , which is funny cause indians do nt mow lawns , would nt even cross their minds .
she looked out the patio doors over the lawn .
eventually , they strode across the lawn , pausing now and then to wave at lurking tv and cameras , passed the immaculate marines , and climbed into the waiting presidential helicopter .
he had a good view of the marina and yacht club , and of the north ferry terminal , as they swept over the beach , avoiding the village , and turned to land on the striped lawn .
they set off down the steps , and headed across the lawn to the wooded area behind the house , algar and carlucci following , closely but out of earshot .
the four men met up again on the lawn .
they were soon ready to bid farewell to their wives , and head across the manicured lower lawn towards the jetty at the northern end of the small private beach .
as they crossed the lawn of beach house towards the pool , they could see that the barbeque was already lit , waiting for their trophies to be cleaned and gutted and cooked .
the two heads of state moved away from the poolside to a small summerhouse on the other side of the lawn , where , eventually , their right - hand men joined them .
* * * chapter eight spreading the net there was the usual gang of newsmen , mostly photographers and tv cameramen , on the white house lawn when minton and carlucci got back .
two large trees surround both sides of the homes expansive , forward - sloping front lawn .
a small stairwell of about three steps leads me from the sidewalk onto a concrete path through the lawn up to the front door .
when i come to the property line , i plod up the inclined front lawn , making sure to stay low .
what are you doing on my lawn ?
double french windows looked out onto a quarter acre of immaculately flat lawn ringed with a mix of camellia and hydrangea ; a spreading willow was the gardens centerpiece .
smooth tabled lawn meandered gently down to a strip of mangroves and scrub pines .
halfway up the lawn , two peacocks fanned and preened .
either he d not long finished golf or he was trying to blend in with the lawn and flamingos , thought koenitz .
haffner filled her in on small details as the team sat for a few moments observing : nets with beige floral curtains at the front of the house , hardly any lawn , the drive paved wider to allow for an extra car , bumper sticker for the virginia militia : historic rights and wrongs .
the view petered out beyond the swimming pool gazebo , the lawn receding rapidly into grey mist , the last markers two palm trees .
julie walks across her perfectly manicured lawn , holding up her hand to wave as she reaches her porch .
chapter four when we returned to the mainland that night , diggs gave me a brief tour of his house - in - progressa three - bedroom cape overlooking the ocean , with cedar shingles neatly stacked on the lawn , a 52 - inch plasma tv , and no furniture to speak of .
colbys garage was painted bright red , set back from an overgrown lawn with several cars parked on the grass and three pickups and a tow truck in the driveway .
the cars on the lawn had seen better days , sporting mashed - in bumpers and missing doors , tireless rims and popped hoods with no engines to speak of .
the lawn around the house was well - manicured , flowers just coming up along the front walk .
jed pulled a tricycle out of the driveway and set it up on the lawn , then kicked a couple of toy cars out of the way .
a low deck with a barbecue grill and two lawn chairs , a glass - topped table with an ashtray half - filled with cigarette butts and a sliding glass door that led into the kitchen .
his sponsors housekeeper enquired from the edge of the lawn , the lady stood with a tea towel in her hand .
tent on the lawn ?
now , the low profile , and generally unknown section head a fronting as a mortgage broker , stepped down from a k2 helicopter on broadlands lawn with his assistant after a twenty - minute flight from east london .
as elle followed beesely towards the house he carefully noted the guards , the dogs and the building work , being stopped at the edge of the grass by his assistant pointing out a sensor half buried in the lawn ; it was , after all , israeli manufactured .
beer and steaks , you re in charge of the lawn party .
beesely led him towards the lawn overlooking the lake .
i was trying to kill moles in the lawn ... with a 9 mm pistol .
the castle itself was not visible , but he could just make out the trees that he knew edged the castle lawn , and he could see the cliff .
he stopped to watch the butterflies play in the butterfly garden that sat on the library 's lawn .
it pulled up the lawn and clawed the dirt , grasping for a new hope .
the living room rear wall consisted of floor to ceiling windows with walk out french doors and a small patio and carefully manicured lawn edged with flowers , some fruit trees and small bushes .
it was probably sam dawson , wondering if steve would mow his lawn and trim his hedges for third world sweatshop wages .
the path zigzagged between large oaks and willows and was accented by lush and well - kept lawns .
* steve 's home at 23 ashley grove was a large modern two - storied house with a double garage , and immaculate lawn .
barrie cried out , carrying janice outside and setting her on the lawn .
barrie was half way across the lawn with janice in his arms when she gave a shudder and opened her eyes .
she let herself out the front door and walked around the lawn to her left .
they ran directly back to the house , around the lawn , over to the implement shed and zigzagged back and forth , nose to the ground .
a dozen sheep grazed around what was once a lawn while , in the corner of the grounds a child 's swing sat , like the rest of the village , rusting and unwanted .
` ` running across the lawn .
the lodge looked perfect with close cut lawns , trimmed hedges , a new flower garden that was the result of janice 's effort and the swimming pool glistening in the sunshine .
cathy swished back her hair and ran across the lawn with her friends .
a tearful janice was crouching beside sam , the dog on the lawn .
they flooded the barbershops and beauty parlors , which are scattered about the medina like dandelions across a summer lawn .
the only remaining engines still built with carburetors were small lawn mower engines and low - power generators .
oprah loved playing with the hardware on computers and her dad proudly stated to his colleagues at the station that every time a car was reported stolen he hoped it was nt his daughter , because she could hot wire anything from a lawn mower to an aircraft carrier .
other than that , we saw masses of dead vehicles of all sorts out there , and a group of people ripping through a supermarket and taking food and stuff to their houses on dozens of lawn tractors .
one guy was even patrolling his yard with his lawn tractor and he had a shotgun at the ready .
he asked a couple of soldiers to form a barrier between him and the landing site , and they walked out to the lawn as the helicopter approached .
joe gave them a new engine to work onan old lawn mower engineand they are all in the hangar with maggie pulling it to pieces .
george nodded as she described how on a summers day , she could lie on the lawn under the tree and forget the city for a time .
on the front lawn , at a safe distance from the fire , george gently lowered pania to the ground .
he pointed to the buckets lying on the lawn .
he looked around the people gathered on his lawn .
as far as she was concerned mowing lawns and baby sitting was for suckers .
the lawn was well tended and a few small lilac clusters adorned a line of trimmed plants in a re - bloom for the autumn season .
yeah , he lives near forest lawn cemetery .
you know about the mall and the man killed on his lawn .
she walked back into the house with out looking back and slammed the door , exiting the lawn much louder than she entered it .
they passed along the side of the house and out around the back , where a vast lawn stretched away towards woodland .
then he stood and looked for a while at the dropping sun and the long shadows on the lawn .
that was for july nights and camomile lawns , not cold , dark bubbles and concrete .
it was a tan stucco ranch with a tiled roof , about twenty - two hundred square feet , mesquite trees growing in front and a lawn of st . augustine grass .
tables on the lawn had name places set out so everyone knew where to sit .
they were married on april first in the most perfect setting- the south lawn of a large estate on a private island in the virgin islands off tortola overlooking the turquoise waters of the caribbean .
rows of flowers bordered a well - kempt lawn , kept invisible from neighbors by a tall wooden fence .
he was barefoot , but no trace of footprints was found because the attack occurred in a paved area bordered by lawns .
there was a pleasant corner off the main campus quadrangle , with a couple of benches , a scrap of lawn and a large rose bush which was just starting to open its fragrant flowers .
his complexion was that of a man who spends a healthy amount of time out of doors although he did n't , he was just lucky that he tanned quickly and an hour mowing the lawn on a sunny day gave him a bit of colour .
someone might steal my old lawn mower and give me an excuse to claim on the insurance policy .
when he lifted the garage door to put the car away he found his mackintosh draped over the handles of the lawn mower and remembered jackie ward 's promise to deliver it .
being old is supposedly days of lawn bowls , endless cups of teas and complaints about the modern world ; back in the old days- you know the drill .
their lawn had n't been cut in months .
nick lurched the van around the corner on two wheels , then he could finally see the house in the crook of the cul - de - sac , with its squat laurel hedge and the neat front lawn bordered by forget - me - nots .
i want to know everything : when they hang their washing out , when they mow the lawn , when they last had sex , what they watch on tv everything .
` ` always crawling around on my lawn . ''
he wove the car around the gentle curves and past the manicured lawns , squares of green patched over the dry brown land like a bad toupee .
jeff always wondered what other secrets lay behind the unlocked doors and jewel green lawns of rubicon ranch .
bryans girlfriend kristian struts from the front door to the front lawn to meet the guys as they come .
people are filling the dead leaf - covered lawns and loud music , laughing , yelling ejaculate from the doors and windows .
he stops at a house with freshly cut , lush lawn .
a neat garden grew around the lawn and there were two old bicycles on her porch .
the rest of the large yard was immaculately landscaped with lawn , flowers , and small trees .
slowly and carefully , across the large lawn over to the solid red brick dividing wall which separated the properties , andrew led us , making our way closer to the spot we judged would be the best vantage point .
so i m walking on the lawn heading toward powell library and this old guy starts kind of circling me as i m walking .
he s doing somersaults on the lawn , following me like a big , rolling ball .
c h a p t e r t w o the sound of my dad mowing the lawn at 7:00 a.m. was enough to wake me up .
this covered all of my lawn mowing and snow shoveling experience .
* * * * * * passenger jets screamed overhead as they drove past houses in disrepair paint peeling , windows cracked , lawns full of weeds then the houses disappeared altogether .
turning onto her old street , she saw that almost all the houses had disappeared , leaving her mothers house like a stray country estate surrounded by forest and lawn .
she looked out the back window at long shadows slanting across the sparse lawn , and the yellow leaves clinging to branches .
light from the single streetlamp on the road in front poured white across the lawn , casting stark shadows that stretched away from the house like a living thing , as if something were thrusting the blackness of my brothers thoughts out of the house and into the deep woods .
soon four and five story apartment buildings graced either side , with grassy lawns and fabric awnings over their front entrances .
directly in front of us , the empty lawn of the national mall stretched away toward the thick spire of the washington monument .
there was a play area for children , an artificial lake with ducks and other water fowls , an extensive expanse of lawn and several wooded areas .
behind the female presenter , the police had cordoned off a large area of the lawn .
lights came on in the neighbouring house as we stepped onto the lawn .
the lawn in front of the mansion was crawling with immortals .
beyond it , a further half mile of thick woods and undergrowth lay between the boundaries of the property and the extensive lawn that fronted the mansion .
a driveway lined with rows of well - established evergreens bisected the lawn neatly before ending in a large gravelled forecourt .
the grass on the lawn still bore the fading whiteness of an overnight frost and the chill in the air hinted at the approaching winter .
i frowned as i stared at the black chopper landing on the lawn .
the small gate in the middle of the waist - high fence was hanging by one hinge and the small patch of grass that was her front lawn was choked with weeds .
shed been the one mowing the lawn .
mill himself slipped past the preacher and pointed to a bloom of the word , repeating again and again in a tight formation like a bed of dandelions on an otherwise clear lawn .
the crowd blocked his view of the courier , but he was able to track the young man by the disturbance he made among the men and women he shoved and jostled aside as he made his way south toward the more open lawn that ran the length of the gardens .
on the far side of the gravel track , he emerged from the throng of park visitors and found himself on the edge of the narrow expanse of lawn that extended from the fountain to the rue auguste comte .
he had abandoned the center of the lawn , marked by statues and park - goers , and had run to the fenced perimeter of the garden , seeking cover under the overhanging trees planted there .
before he could attempt a shot , however , the courier reached the open street at the end of the lawn and patrick could no longer risk firing and hitting a bystander .
in the park , lepage had walked the length of the lawn running through the center of the park , but he had been unable to find any signs of dupuys or the couriers passage .
i suggested , wondering if the water was going into the nearly foot - high lawn .
while he was gone , i decided to examine the foundation and overgrown lawn for clues about the water bill .
i looked across the street at the sandy beach , where the surfers were coming and going , and then at the crowded tables on the lawn at mels .
i looked out the window , seeing the figures moving across the wide expanse of lawn .
when , at last , he left the castle , exiting via a portico , then crossing a veranda which led him to the immense lawn , the full moon was well up , directly overhead in fact now that it was midnight .
a convention center packed with vendor booths dedicated to fencing , siding , flooring , kitchen and bath products , home furnishings , lawn care , and diy projects riddled with bullet holes and festooned with lifeless bodies .
the crew had crashed here once again stokey on the couch , birth in a lawn chair out by the pool , and lylewho knew where lyle slept ?
he looked at birth who was lying in a lawn chair so still he might be sleeping .
she trudged over to a lawn chair surrounded by magazines and perrier bottles .
massive oak trees stood on the front lawns like guards .
raking the leaves off the lawns in the fall would take the homeowner all day , but time was something people in the town liked having .
the houses on every street sat what felt like a mile back from the sidewalk with massive green lawns .
bobby pull away and fell back on the lawn in shock what ?
he crossed the front lawn .
we saw one of the ships get hit and crash on the lawn .
travis had his charcoal grill going and was cooking hamburgers while the rest of the family sat in their lawn chairs and visited .
the girl saw steve approaching the house and turned off her lawn mower .
the media vans had departed , but not before mutilating the front lawn of the clinic .
some plastic cups and a few torn posters littered the sidewalk that bordered the lawn .
it slowed and stopped as it examined a tree limb that stretched from the massive oak in the center of the lawn .
forte followed aguilar out of the room , down the stairs and across the back lawn .
forte stooped and picked up one of katies pink shoes from the lawn .
they all saw ty drive through the lawn and down the road to the south entrance .
people from the surrounding houses stood on their front lawns watching , their curiosity apparent .
` ` i know the lawns and gardens are a little overgrown , but i m getting to it . ''
the front lawn was littered with at least half a dozen cops and three cars , all parked lengthways across the driveway .
we circled each other on the lawn .
my eyes drifted to the lawn where the fight had taken place .
chapter 18 jamie and i walked out side by side to find the rest of the pack scattered around the lawn .
he shook me free and tossed me to the other side of the lawn .
he could hear the laughter of children from within the garden , the clacking of a lawn mower .
a lawn mower , a couple of chainsaws or something other than boxes .
i looked away from her as i admitted to seeing it on my lawn .
the main entrance stared out like a glass and concrete eye across the neatly tended lawn of the structure .
another time , the kids grabbed up the fake packages that mrs . wilson placed in her sleigh on the front lawn and put them under the librarys illuminated blue spruce .
they also collected mr . wisnewskis twig reindeer and scattered them across the library lawn .
a few minutes later they ran back to where we were standing on the back lawn and ali shook his head .
as he rounded the bushes , he saw a group of eight people , men and women , sitting on lawn chairs in the sunshine and talking among themselves .
he found zharaa in the garden , smelling one of the bright yellow flowers that grew in the bushes surrounding the lawn .
on the lawn , you dresses in dark suits and with the open umbrella , there was a myriad of people .
the square and the lawns that surrounded the laboratory were fenced by a tall metallic net , over which there was only green country cut from an only old asphalted road .
i got further me the more possible until joint near a public , exhausted and painful garden , i crossed a lawn and i let me fall in a bush .
what an anger to see them thrown there so , on the lawn .
on a great green lawn there are trees , bushes and bushes of all the kinds , put on purpose there for peeing .
another lawn where of everything some is : lizards , toads and country topini to be run after and to catch .
when i have reopened them i have found on a long avenue planted with trees with so many small cottages in wood each of which it had before a beautiful lawn to the english .
we were on a green lawn , rich of flowers and colored butterflies that fluttered here and there , and suddenly i started to also feel the perfumes , coolness and buonissimi .
her hands moved with the speed of a lawn mower blade .
there were grounds people mowing the lawn and weeding the flowers .
chapter 118 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ hunter looked over the spacious back lawn that extended all the way to the silver spruces , covering several thousand square feet .
there was a lawn almost 70 meters across between the gate and bungalow with a narrow paved driveway joining the two .
even though all the lights in the lawn were on , those inside the house were off , except for a single bulb on the porch of front entrance .
explosions also disoriented the third and last guard who was killed when he tried to run across the lawn towards the house .
gone was the tacky outdoor caf with the striped lawn type chairs .
beneath the blank gaze of the woman , spreading out behind and beyond the billboard , lay the immense green lawn of a large cemetery , its thousands of identical white tombstones running in perfect rows .
the neighborhood was an island of manicured green lawns and boxy white stucco houses , surrounded by a sea of glass towers .
clendon turned and the bmw curled along the hilly , landscaped streets past block after block of large houses with green lawns and flowering bougainvillea .
the street was narrow and had so many cars parallel parked along it that clendon had nowhere to go , not even up onto a sidewalk or lawn .
some kids playing frisbee on a lawn first saw him .
the whispering hills lawn was so green it looked spray - painted .
clendon remembered the childhood tales about funeral homes fertilizing their lawns with the blood drained from the deceased during embalming .
a lawn stretched away into the night beyond it .
instead of a large area of bushes and shrubs , a dense hedge about eight feet tall ran down the side of the house , a gravel path separating the two , but on the outside of the hedge , a lawn had been planted that extended to a wooded area some hundred feet away .
although he was effectively screened from view from the house , anyone walking onto the lawn or on the edge of the woods would see him .
keeping close to the hedge on the lawn side , ced moved slowly along it , trying to work out the houses layout .
if you had your lawn mower out of the trailer , you could improve the way the yard looks .
did you get the lawn mower already ?
as soon as chrissy went in the househe nearly froze waitinged began to carry things out to the front lawn .
he opened the door for lydia and they walked out on the front lawn with him steadying her so she would nt slip .
the wilkins had a great big manicured front lawn .
without looking directly back at them , he sensed and knew that they simply stared at him as he trudged past their lawn and down the street two houses before ducking between the second and third house to cut through the yards to his own home .
daniel could see mrs . mccarren standing on their front lawn , her face held a cold , stone expression , as though she herself did nt have any personal investment in the home going up in smoke .
before long couples were storming across the lawns in pursuit of one another as drunken arguments began .
grabbing it , she brings it out to the yard and hands it to peter , who is snapping close photos of the lawn and garden .
they say that people report worms coming out of their front lawns , their gardens , all over their driveways .
lydia declared she was well enough now to do most of the cooking and that was her contribution.-if , on occasion , lydia looked a little too tired , janet would insist on fixing the meals that day.-janet also took care of the cleaning , the laundry and other household chores.-of course , bruce did the feeding , the milking , and took care of the lawn and other outdoor jobs.-everything was working out well and everybody seemed happy and contented.-if lydia felt up to it , janet would take her on her shopping trips and lydia seemed to enjoy that very much .
since johnny and chrissys new house was about half way between lydias place and ed and pennys place , they had decided to have the party there.-on the level lawn , they had put up a badminton net , horseshoe pits , and a croquet field as well as a host of tables and benches some of which were under a tent to avoid sunburn for the eldest and youngest members of the group.-there was also a table set aside for birthday gifts for lydia.-she just could nt believe all those pretty packages piled upon that table were for her .
guy remained standing at the side of the lawn .
maki , cmon , he writhed , running after her on the lawn , dashing by the training dummy that stood idly in the middle .
three jack carson hoisted himself from his chair and went to the tinted window overlooking the lush green lawns surrounding the cia campus .
as a group , they dashed from the oval office onto the lawn of the white house , where marine one was already waiting .
there were toys on the lawn , but they simply were nt interested .
i came out into the garden , where she stood with her shoulders drooped , watching the children crawl around on the lawn .
trixie was louisas new puppy , a chihuahua who tore around her garden like a tasmanian devil , digging up the substantial lawn , eating grass until it was sick and yapping morning , noon and night .
the wind began to pick up and the trees in the garden swayed , making strange shaped shadows on the lawn .
we should let em burn , he grumbled , reaching in to drag the men out with spookys help , tossing them roughly onto the closest suburban lawn .
` ` i love this room , '' she said looking through the mullioned windows at the expanse of manicured lawn just recently cut , ` ` i think it 's my favorite in the whole house . ''
george sat on the window seat , hands around his second cup of coffee of the day , contemplating the vast expanse of lawn at the front of the house and wondering how they kept the lines so straight when it was mowed , robbie and jen were just finishing their breakfast .
three are at the edge of the front lawn and one is at the corner of the main barn . ''
the bed was moved over to the huge bay window giving him an uninterrupted view of the front of the house , the lawns and the paddocks in the distance .
` ` o'rourke found four bodies outside , george , two on the far side of the front lawn , one on the porch and one in the back at the corner of the main barn .
i soon found myself standing outside on the schools front lawn caught in a swarm of jabbering students .
his home was a double front white weatherboard house with a small green lawn at the front .
in front of the house was a barn with a shooting range , outside the barn was a lawn with some exercise equipment .
he looked towards the lawn , barn and the dark forest .
there were some children 's toys out on the lawns .
he d stepped out onto the lawn at the rear of the hotel and taken in the magnificent view out past the old colonial flagpole .
cleaning the bathrooms was on the top of my list , followed by cleaning the pool , and then mowing the lawn .
he was sat by an ornate white wrought iron table with a pool and tabled lawn as a backdrop , roman statues and topiary hedges flanking a path that ran through it into the distance .
you ve already had the pleasure of seeing the estate lawns .
elaine marveled at the nicely pruned trees and the flawlessly kept lawns .
i looked over the lawns at daybreak .
as a matter of fact , during the spring and summer months , blankets of flowers literally covered the lawn , making it look like a beautiful holiday package .
with both arms down at her sides , the blood had clotted on the right wrist , but it gushed from the left with every heartbeat like water from one of the fountains out on the lawn .
families working to tidy their lawns , trim the trees , and maintain fanciful shrubbery gave the appearance that the people living there cared about what others thought .
in sweetwater , miami in dade county , florida , 69 animals were killed in one night and strewn across the lawns of two families .
jessica stared out from her third - story seat , past the front lawn of camelot apartments .
the back door led out to the courtyard , a large expanse of lawn boxed off on either side by buildings h and j .
the lawn bled out into a small hill sloping towards the unpaved parking lot .
down on the front lawn , a bucket truck ambled past , growling under the weight of a folded hydra ladder .
the door slammed , echoed across the lawn .
with dry , tortoise shell eyes , jessica squinted out onto the front lawn , where severed tree limbs lay scattered about .
that s what i m talking about and now , they re off at the beach house , i m here tending to the lawn like some kind of domestic servant jessica , do you have any idea what s happening to my son ?
dark windows looking out onto a strip of dying lawn that wrapped its way around the side of the house and out toward the backyard .
light breeze bending the blades of neighboring lawns , their houses pressed close to the ground .
beyond those masonry stone arches , a set of steps led down to the central lawn , stretching out over several hundred yards .
ran from between the arches and out onto the brightly lit lawn .
jessica had reached the edge of the front lawn , far as the press could follow without trespassing .
from a couple of yards away , an enclave of pintsized humans were jumping up and down on the lawn outside their squat tenement building .
for years , she gave me shelter , dealt with empty bottles and overstuffed ashtrays , and let me use her front lawn to gradually sell everything i had .
he parked across from his childhood home and watched as a father and son tossed a football back and forth in the fading light on the small lawn , sorrowful that his dad was not alive to see the position that tom had risen to .
abby continued up the driveway passing by rolling lawns , beds of bright may flowers and towering , century - old , magnolia trees leading to the courtyard and imposing front entry .
pat looked out the window onto the wet lawn and walkway .
the lawns are manicured , without a weed in sight , and there are children running and laughing all around me .
get it done at forrest lawn then .
on the drive back to havana that night we took a road that curved inland just before we reached the city and carlos pointed out a suburb almost ablaze with modern yellow streetlights , the houses all small but well painted and the lawns and streets well tended and uncharacteristically free of litter .
he was not looking forward to his wifes reaction to reporters on the front lawn again .
as he merged with the 80 mph traffic he found himself boxed in by dump trucks , cement trucks , heating and air , lawn care and every other kind of truck .
as they pulled through , he spotted the security guard from that morning talking to a lawn care crew in a pickup truck .
as it continued to run around the garden and occasionally stop to rub its back on the lawn in a desperate attempt to douse the flames , its squeals were waning and its running was developing into a light jog ; it made me feel sick and my heart was pounding quicker than it had done for years .
i stopped suddenly , forgetting the professor and the reason i was here because the dancers had caught my eye , hurling themselves with abandon about the close - cropped and obviously well watered lawn .
i got him to mow the lawn as well , using the old hand mower .
listening to the sounds around me for a moment - the birdsong and a distant lowing of cattle - my head soon stopped spinning and i cautiously approached the building through its finely manicured lawns and flowerbeds .
this slowly passed across the small screen and now the view changed ; trees , bushes , flowers and a grass lawn on which there were childrens toys and a barbecue , all passed across the screen .
i would suggest the front lawn .
hines called mrs blut , his pa , and told her to get all the staff and employees on to the front lawn now , plus bring two coffees .
he walked over to the large window that looked out onto the front lawn .
albert led the way down the stairs and they both went onto the lawn .
matt smiled , what did you think it was going to be like , tea on the lawn , a little chat then home for lunch ?
he recalled finding his wife lying just beyond the front door after having been shot twice , and then finding his two sons lying face down on the lawn having met the same end .
the letterbox was clear of junk mail for a start , which was more than he could say for the mess on the front lawn of one of the neighboring properties .
then she moved out on to the front lawn and threw another one through the front window , and the one beside that .
sitting on the front lawn , she put her head in her hands and started to cry uncontrollably .
or maybe that crazy bastard is on my front lawn , plotting his entry .
rileys throat was slashed , just like the first victim , though there was no blood anywhere near where his body was found , so he was killed earlier in the day yesterday and then dumped on his neighbors lawn .
victim five , angela littleton , was found on her front lawn early this morning .
todd pulled his cell phone from his pocket and dialed john after he saw the one - legged body being carried onto the detectives lawn .
he s on your lawn .
red lights were showing up on the lawn and inside the pentagon ring c. the pentagon has the most immediate problem .
two sets of explosives have failed : one on the lawns outside , the other in the computer room .
planner said , ignore the lawn .
[ 175 ] a discussion on the difference between night vision and thermal imaging and their use by special forces is given here : http : //www.youtube.com / watch ? v = ravnmyqj2c0 [ 176 ] a discussion of the lack of debris on the pentagon lawn .
or lawn jart .
rolo got in a fight with my dad because dad borrowed his lawn mower and lost it in the yard and before the pendejo left he must ve slipped the handset down the back of his shorts and assed it .
when i saw the sign next to the stretch of lawn that indicated this was a dog run , then looked down to see a pile about ten feet away that was as large as the spare tire for a honda civic , i decided to hit a nice , hard bench somewhere .
we d both had passed out in the lawn chairs on the back deck .
in fact , the lawn looked like only downed branches and dirt .
for such a nice neighborhood , all this work on keeping lawns and yards perfect -- nobody ever went outside .
toby had sped up and was moving toward a long expanse of lawn , capped by a gorgeous white , antebellum mansion .
i looked down and saw we were halfway up the manicured lawn of someones very nice and very large home .
a little shabby and run down , hinting perhaps that the occupants were n't exactly flush with money , or maybe too infirm or elderly to mow the lawn and fix the lopsided gate .
rhyllann mowed the lawn , while wren weeded a flower bed .
rhyllann found himself whistling as he tidied the lawn mower away .
indicating the manicured lawn wren and auntie dottie apparently asleep rhyllann held a finger to his lips , while giving a thumbs up signal .
her last words to rhyllann were : and you can get him off my lawn !
he tracked across the lawn to slump beside wren .
rhyllann watched puddles spread on the herringbone pattern brick drive , bulging , melting into others to form a sheet of water before spilling onto an already saturated lawn .
rhyllann slogged back across the lawn to haul him to his feet .
moving recklessly , rhyllann hurtled across the lawn , hoisting himself into the kitchen .
rhyllann stepped over the dividing wall and tracked across the neighbouring lawn , and had just reached the paved drive when the front door swung open .
birds were chirping , and the morning dew still dripped from the grass on his small front lawn .
he put the ash into a bag and dusted it into the parks lawn where it disappeared between the blades of grass .
i could drag them out of their homes and stack them on a lawn for someone else to move them the next step .
no horns , no lawn mowers .
all of the lawns and gardens had lost their prettiness .
both chambers collapsed inward toward the missing dome and slid over into a single level of wreckage that tumbled outward in a mass of cracked stones that galloped across the capitol steps and out into the lawns and parking lots .
inside the fence was a well - kept lawn that was flat and featureless except for two objects that rose from it .
some of the guys there had visitors , he already knew one or two even dropped in by helicopter , landing on the lawns in the 85 acres of landscaped gardens .
he called laura and diverted course slightly across the lawn , walking toward the faa building .
hunter moved slowly away from the house , across the lawn behind the man , watching the back of his head .
he moved again and stopped on the lawn immediately behind the guard , about forty feet away .
he flailed against the door , and hunter leapt onto him with his knife , shoving it deep under the mans ribs in back and moved the blade back and forth before pushing the guard out onto the lawn .
whites are as racist as they have ever been but they can no longer go around calling people nigger and wearing white hoods and burning crosses on front lawns and doing fun things like that .
but for now it was one day at a time , one street at a time , one mailbox at a time and not insignificantly the chief perk to working in an upscale town like irvington is the organized mailbox ubiquity that makes annoying door delivery unnecessary , though joan doubted that accommodating motive had been on the minds of the wealthy homeowners when they cemented their mailboxes into their front lawns .
a lawn and behind it , trees , whispered darnell , climbing back down .
i also saw a helicopter on the front lawn -- .
but it seemed too risky jaunting from room to room as zachary changed positions.he considered climbing out the second floor window and lowering himself into the lawn .
i set up a lemonade stand on the nicest lawn in town .
i bought these from collectors precisely so that they would be locked up down here and not on some hicks lawn in appalachia or anywhere else .
arton road was where i sat , looking over at my dad 's neat lawn and garden furniture , and a large oak front door .
outside the buss windows crystal drive zipped by in a blur , all manicured lawns and office buildings .
he had treated himself to a breakfast outdoors on the front lawn of the house he rented with a couple of friends .
when the house came into view , there too it seemed nothing had changed , except the lawn was more established .
` ` he was the one who was looking after the lawns when we were here last time .
why the hell did they mow lawns so early in the morning ?
the attempt to sow a lawn in the back yard was being met by an equally determined rain forest trying to claim back the same area .
it was dominated neither by lawn nor the hacked - back ground ivy trying to invade the lush green patch of grassed area .
the lawn of the front yard was doing much better than the back yard .
to the right of the lawn , the thick forest was held back by a nicely tilled garden without flowers .
reaching the front lawn they saw the wild turkeys that roamed freely around the island picking at the grass on the front lawn .
reaching the front lawn they saw the wild turkeys that roamed freely around the island picking at the grass on the front lawn .
they quickly crossed the lawn and ran round to the back .
the guards led them onto the lawn of the brooke house .
the fifth hostage walked past while the other four readjusted their load before they too made their way back to the front lawn .
he dashed the fifteen or so metres across the back lawn and tried to crash through the undergrowth .
lidia sat down on a plastic lawn chair , threw her red canvas - covered feet out in front of her , and shook her head sadly .
he had nt wanted raine to mow the lawn and discover or sever the cables .
as it stood , it was the only area of land that was for the most part flat , with very little courtyard outside where soil had been hauled in for a front lawn .
facing the sun , it overlooked an emerald expanse of manicured lawns , bordered by botanical gardens .
i saw the beautiful lawns again .
his energy surprised me as he bounded across an expansive lawn toward a row of trees in the distance .
the lawn had all been freshly mowed and the scent of fresh - cut grass was in the air .
even though she was surrounded by sunshine , a bright blue sky , freshly mowed lawn and well manicured topiaries , she was also surrounded by pain and sorrow .
the lawns were all edged and mowed .
harris pointed towards a rather large woman standing on the lawn across the street from the clark house .
the young man with the bullhorn stood in the middle of the lawn and spread his arms at shoulder height and slowly turned around .
pieces of pink mass , blood , and hair rolled through the air and scattered across the lawn .
he took the end of the barrel , spun around and threw the gun across the lawn , sending it sliding and scraping its way across the street , to bang against the curb on the other side .
the other officers seemed to have lost interest in her and were turning their attention to the body on the lawn .
yes , but he should nt have been on my lawn .
alex never let the children cut across our lawn , ever .
turning to the police and paramedics gathered around varneys body , she shouted in a high crackling voice , you there , get off my lawn !
officer , i want those people off my lawn .
no wonder people think they can kill your cat and trample your lawn .
hell , i mow her lawn for gods sake .
she just kept talking about alex this , and alex that , and how he did nt like people on the lawn .
the lawn held the eastwood manor sign , way past its prime with paint peeling badly .
cole turned and walked to a window and watched the sprinklers spray the far end of the lawn .
across the lawn came ann .
a large old - fashioned white sign with crisp black lettering on the front lawn read santa felicia regional medical center .
located in an upscale development of custom homes , the lawn showed the crisp edge of being freshly cut , and the bushes were all newly trimmed , but the house nearly shouted no one home .
the gardener left grass all over the lawn .
thirteen the air outside eastwood manor was cool and sweet with the smell of fresh mowed lawn and sprinklers as cole made his way to his car .
there are even microphone and light stands set up on the lawn for news broadcasters that will never get used again .
i pull back up to the open gate on the south lawn in about fifteen minutes and park the truck right in front .
i notice the lawns are a little overgrown and no dogs are running around or kids on skateboards .
there must be thirty towers running across the front of the lawn .
the lawn does nt look too bad , not a pristine as it did when we first arrived , but we did all right cutting the grass and trying to keep the place up .
i immediately run out the door and go down the steps and run outside onto the white house lawn which by the way needs a good mowing .
the local cops never patrolled out here for the simple reason that the only traffic was farm tractors and cattle trucks and the occasional riding lawn mower .
the lights were on in the kitchen , and he headed for the rectangle of light that stretched from the back door across the lawn .
the thing could drop from the limbs of that big red maple at the edge of the lawn .
` ` why , i ' ve got a good mind to '' she stopped herself , looking across the lawn at the houses down the street .
there were others about , taking their recreation circumspectly , seemingly still rediscovering the great lawn after the long bleak days of the hooverville .
everyone pitched in the last few weeks and helped manicure the flowers and lawn .
yes , the south lawn of the white house is completely covered with wind mills and solar panels , quite an interesting look .
we aim our guns up ahead as ron then steve cross the lawn and kneel beside us .
ron is right , there is a tall and very slim man seated in a lawn chair facing away from us .
as i tucked myself in the corner , i saw the scumbag creeping across her lawn .
but i m letting him use your lawn !
because he did nt mind his lawn being torn up and their mothers did .
she took off across the lawn .
not with my lights blazing , the patio doors open , and fifteen people trampling my lawn , he is nt .
and thanks for leaving the mess on the lawn .
you think i do nt know he s sneaking his way across the weissmans lawn !
i scampered over the lawn , keeping low .
with that , the two turned , making their way slowly across the lawn .
the dew glistened on the tidy green lawns as the unlikely pair made their way through the quiet canadian subdivision .
i then made my way across the well - maintained lawn and around the side of the ranch .
several lawn sprinklers were systematically sweeping across the well - manicured lawns of the subdivision as josie and i made our way down the block .
several lawn sprinklers were systematically sweeping across the well - manicured lawns of the subdivision as josie and i made our way down the block .
at the curb there was the new addition to the lawn that had me shaking my head .
i laughed to myself when i realized sato most likely put the sign on marks lawn after our conversation .
a few of his friends sat on lawn chairs around him , while he leaned back and forth on one of the cars doors , enjoying the squeal of the door desperately trying to break free of its hinges .
the message of intolerance was pushed hard in father grey 's church and punctuated by the small gathering of klansmen from dubuque that held bake sales on the church lawn .
large iron gates , and impressive driveways sweeping into the distance , winding their way through immaculately maintained lawns .
using the driveway would be quieter than slopping through the puddles of the drenched front lawn , ashe understood .
there was only the peaceful street , the other homes , and the neighbors well kempt lawns .
he figured that , for some reason , the workers seemed to have been neglecting the interior of the house , for favor of the lawn and shrubbery .
i waited for her to respond outside of the house , sitting on a lawn chair mama kept near the front door .
the chair was one of those old lawn chairs from the 1980s with weaved fabric that frayed and fell apart too easily .
six police cars were ranged across the lawn outside the cabins occupied by the chee meng gang , the cars crowded with armed police officers .
the four lawmen edged their way across the lawn , past the connected garages , toward chee meng and shin yi 's cabin .
romulus took off running across the grassy lawn of the deserted park .
that may be true , that may be very true , but before we can ascertain that , we must clean up this mess , gus said , pointing to abdul , before someone sees three senators and a body on the south lawn .
they walked across the lawn separating the lecture hall and the professors office but before entering the professors office , gus inquired about the doors to the left and right .
she could see across the great expanse of lawn toward a thick wood on the other side and she could see a light coming out of the woods as if it were being carried , bobbing up and down .
seeing veronicaone of the kings most beloved friends handled so cruelly , filled him with rage and he jumped to his feet and rushed at the dark figure but was met with a very large , closed fist which knocked him off his feet and he landed with a dead thud on the cold lawn .
as the king sat leaning up against a tree on the lawns outside the royal courts he waited for his clouded mind to clear , slowly remembering the events of the last hour , you re sure it was toprak ?
as he set her gently on the neglected lawn she thanked him kindly .
staring out her bedroom window onto the frosted lawns of kensington palace she thought about matthew and wondered where he was and when he would be returning .
coming to hype park corner , matthew turned his horse into hyde park and rode a mile and a half through the over - grown lawns and memorials .
the lawn was dead .
there was nothing to see but the decay of weed - choked yellowing lawns , stripped cars , and with a majority of the buildings , open doors where the looters had already been .
this area had seen the inhabitants flee , the houses already looted long ago , leaving nothing but the usual broken windows , open doors , and weed - choked lawns .
it was quiet here , but from my vantage point , i could look into the living room and see that the front door had been ripped from the hinges and now rested on the front lawn .
she looked through the windows toward the south lawn , which she could nt see through the gray rain .
a small gray bandstand sat on the border of the lawn with the pavement , with three steps leading up to the top of the stone dais from the blacktop .
she sat there looking out at the fenway lawn , spread out without any obstructions in front of her other than the backstop netting .
they took the lady to a hospital in worcester while the two cops were left on her front lawn .
she trotted as quickly as she could up the long lawn .
she turned and looked out toward the south lawn , getting lost in its greenery .
kendall sighed and turned back to the south lawn .
a well - tended green lawn swept off to the left , surrounding the lifeflight helipad , while an empty parking lot waited for the next days traffic off to the right of hospital road .
kendall departed through the side doors and walked down the south lawn to marine one , which immediately came to life as she approached .
the lawn was still long , but she knew of a wonderful landscape service that could help , and there were dead stems in a pot that once had been beautiful flowers .
outside smelled like freshly cut lawn , but it was just the bus using its rims to till the earth .
destroyed a lawn , a windshield , and those kids are going to need therapy until they re grey and senile .
too bad about the lawn .
she led the officers away from the apartment building and she did it by cutting across lawns , jumping fences , and breaking at least half a dozen property laws along the way .
wira and putra took in the groomed lawn , marble statuary , and lavish marble walkway that led to a massive swimming pool , where a bevy of young women lounged near the waters edge .
i wandered under bowers , across green lawns , over wooden walkways .
groups of trees were spaced out along the lawn , offering shade from the bright sun above .
it read , do nt walk on the lawn .
he got out of his car , walking through the yellow lawn hopping over piles of dog poop to get to the door .
there were toys stuck in the very green lawn .
he sat in his car smoking dope , watching a pit - bull taking a poop on someones lawn .
it was a private estate of detached houses with large frontages of manicured lawns that featured a kaleidoscope of coloured roses .
i tried to earn my keep by mowing the lawn , straightening the garage , primping in her garden , shoveling snow , and faking interest in her passion .. basketball .
an artificially constructed economyrates like marionette puppetscould not and will not sustain itself marty is secretly relieved when they encounter the unexpected sight of probably a hundred people gathered on the campus lawn .
the voice at the podium booms , ever louder as they draw nearer and grandma parks , at a curbside spot just barely within sight of a large campus lawn where everyone is apparently gathered , trains are undeniably a more efficient mode of moving mass product , and cause no greater environmental damage than fleets full of semi trailers clogging our highways .
still , as he s lifting a suitcase out of the back of one of the vans and watches four of them walk away - on the other side of the campuss small front lawn , across the main street , down some other side avenue - and wonders how they can be so unconcerned with their fate .
maybe , jennifer replies , all business , as she takes a couple steps away from the van and across the lawn .
as the four burnouts languidly move away from her across that campus lawn , natalie eyes the shorter , brunette girl pulling one of those marijuana smoking devices from her purse , whatever you call those , and light it , inhale , pass it to the tall blonde lifeguard girl , jennifer she s pretty sure her name is , and the whole scene is really just a tremendous pity , it really is , how disinterested and uninvolved those people are .
when they cross the campus lawn at last and approach the cafeteria , every light is blazing through the banks of windows up top , near the gutters , and spills out of a still open door .
with a grin james rockets into the front lawn , makes the nifty throw - down - and - hop - off maneuver he s basically perfected , and jumps up onto the porch , breezes into the shop .
but he suddenly breaks away and walks across the room to its lone window , overlooking the villas western lawn .
without speaking about it , though surely conscious on some level of the general direction in which they are moving , the two of them have cut a wide quarter circle and have wound up emerging directly behind this giant barn at the back end of the extensive lawn .
crossing the back lawn , some murmuring and motion above them draws their attention to scott and jennifer , sitting side by side on the roof outside scotts window , their backs against the wooden exterior as they smoke and chat .
to shoot this county sheriff dead in his own front lawn , however , well , who gives a shit .
he d noted the casually industrious method everyone seemingly employs here assembling this lunch , and the long , neat lines of tents strewn in a spacious back lawn , also thick with bodies albeit of a far more lackadaisical variety .
they form neat triangle , with donna and jennifer side by side , leaning into each other on one side of the fire ; eldorado in a lawn chair , upright and as vigilant as a person can be after a couple of bottles of well aged vino ; and james , cross legged on the ground .
rifle aimed skyward , driscoll merely stands in the front lawn smoking a rare cigarette and shaking his head as they walk past , then follows them in , his curiosity stoked by the mass of gear they d accumulated near the tail end of their hike .
and then with a shake of the hand and a warm , wry smile in her direction , he is out of the vehicle and shambling across the overgrown lawn .
knowing steve will surely freak , but not caring , should he arrive and find this ragged assortment of dogs and cats cavorting merrily across the spacious lawn , many engaged in chasing one another if not some of the more unfortunate characters good conscience insisted she pardon - the hamsters and the birds , the turtles .
on the front porch , the two of them pause to light up cigarettes and then start across the lawn .
outside , james squints to make out the figure at the edge of the front lawn .
upon being hired , james had expected a door to door canvas would occupy this and every shift , but no , this first day they are headed to a nearby university to hand out flyers on the lawn .
meeting roger on the way out , as he d remained behind , pacing in a stupor around the small , shady hill of front lawn , tracy crashes into him now on the rickety wooden steps leading down from her familys front porch , and he braces himself against the corner support beam with one hand , holders her upright with the other as she sobs .
as they stand at the sliding glass doors of this creepily still dining room , though , dialing in the focus of these observational instruments fails to deliver any noteworthy information and , she overriding his concerns and he finding the nerve somehow to quell his own fears as well as her insistence he can stand where is or leave for all she fucking cares , in tandem they are soon crunching through the flat , unembellished backyard , then a chaotic , overgrown field , finally connecting with the rear lawns inside this subdivision .
somehow through all these twists and turns they end up crawling into a town called sparksville , in the rural lower third of the state , and its immediately apparent that this village shares little with all the others they come across for mile after haunted mile , months in fact , ever since they first rolled into wellerton last fall : a college hamlet , there are a good hundred people gathered on the lawn here , rapt before the bespectacled , middle aged orator .
miked to the nines , he stands at a podium as they pull up across the expansive lawn from him , cruising to a halt at the curb .
roger asks , his eyes darting around the lawn as he struggled to take everything in .
and yet as they blaze past , the lawn is completely deserted outside of the podium where that crackpot had been standing , and a few stray pieces of trash strewn by the surprisingly orderly crowd .
so that s precisely what they do , and this is where they are , peeking around corners of buildings over by the university lawn , when this jeep rolls up containing james freaking scott and two other men she does not recognize .
the much anticipated standoff between brother and sister escalates in a triangular section of lawn off to the side of the main building .
i would nt quite say , chadwick begins , his gaze drifting once more across the expanse of back lawn , though there is nothing here , as far as james can tell , worth seeing .
and it could just be that , chadwick stares off again at the middle distance of the lawn , turning away again .
he even broke out his water the lawn .
the houses facing the tracks are mixed old and new but all are painted and neat with borders of flowers growing from mowed lawns .
when they reached the grassy lawn , he turned and scanned the area for the horses .
amy added , jake would you like to earn some money mowing our lawn tomorrow .
is the lawn mower in the garage ?
randy worked with the edger along the sidewalk as jake mowed the lawn .
between the two of them , they had the lawn done in less than an hour .
jake did a great job on the lawn .
kevin backlin and bill forman were jogging across the green lawn toward the small crowd of people and kevin was trying to comfort them as best as possible with his shout of the calvary of two were coming .
beverly looked across the remaining grass lawn of the resort and saw the emergency vehicles were still blocked from approaching them because of the cave - in of the driveway .
sheriff slocum ran to the middle of the courtyard of the resort and started waving his arms frantically to signal the helicopter to set down on the grassy lawn .
she exclaimed.outside on the lawn , several tv cameras were setting up with reporters standing by .
the media is camped out on our front lawn . ''
sally was busy flipping channels on the tv , trying to find some news - breaking story to explain the sudden interest in their front lawn .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * donovan and sally were pulling into the doctors reserved parking space , still deep in conversation.the newspaper article and live broadcast from their front lawn had left them both shell-shocked.they agreed that they would stop seeing dominexs patients.the liability attached with those people had been a train wreck from the beginning .
he d swung by after school yesterday to see if the lawns were dry enough to cut .
giovanni charged jaw - dropping lawn maintenance fees , but people paid him .
he moved without the slightest hint of urgency , looking for all the world like a suburban homeowner on a sunny saturday morning strolling his lawn with a can of herbicide and casually spraying the weeds he passed .
he had stringy brown hair bleached blond on top , all combed to the side so it hung over his right eye ; the left side of his head above the ear and below the part had been buzzcut down to the scalp the flock of seagulls guy after a run - in with a lawn mower .
jacqueline smiled and nodded looking around at the narrow strip of lawn between the two houses .
jacqueline went off the back end of the porch and to the edge of the lawn .
he fell against it , leaning out over the lawn , suddenly nauseated .
she watched as the man wretched on her lawn .
he stood for several seconds and then reasoned left , as it offered the quickest concealment from the view of the front lawn of the townhouse .
now , it was a kidney shaped lawn with two short , scraggly palm trees .
i slipped into the captains chair , a red nylon lawn chair , and found a section more up my alley entitled , getting your feet wet .
unfortunately , it had nt rained in about three weeks and i surveyed my yellow lawn .
there were two squad cars parked in my lawn and one of the occupants tried to stop me from entering .
just parked cars on a street full of big houses , with drives and front lawns and walls onto the street .
we pull up next to one that looks in half decent shape , you can tell the owners made a bit of an effort , the front lawn is cut , though not very well , and there are even curtains across some of the windows .
i look at it , fascinated , as the grass in the front lawn bursts into flame , spreading to the rotting wooden windows and the bricks .
the house was tiny and worn with paint peeling off the side paneling , window shutters that looked like pirate patches , and a lawn in great need of affection .
she bolted from her car and sprinted across the grassy lawn leading up to the steps of the lincoln memorial .
kyle took alex by the hand and wandered across pete and shelbys lawn , pausing to watch toddlers in the wading pool and the slightly older kids climbing and sliding on the inflatable castle , waterslide and obstacle course placed around the yard .
he turned and scuttled away across the courthouse lawn , moving as quickly as his crippled leg allowed .
alone now on the courthouse lawn , dee was sitting up and looking around , probably trying to figure out where he was and how he got there .
as for the truck driven by the man who tried to intimidate danny on the courthouse lawn , again no surprises .
cleve , the functional idiot who had tried to jolt him with a stun gun on the courthouse lawn in holly springs , was driving a pale green chevy cavalier with a cracked windshield and a series of long deep scars that raked the driver 's side of the car like wounds from a giant claw .
maybe shelby would stop by , wanting to take the sod off the lawn and the shingles off the roof .
` ` it 's not worth crossing that much open ground just to get a look at his lawn mower . ''
we laid her out on the sloping front lawn of the insurance company i had stopped in front of , and he put his head to her chest .
outside the windows , wind whipped snow flurries race across the snow covered lawn .
outside , a cold wind sweeps across the south lawn .
past the stacks of empty beer cans , scattered pizza boxes , sundry multi - colored undergarments , and not a few still comatose casualties of the prior night 's reveries , all sprawled tastefully about the manicured lawns and shrubs .
others , further out on the lawn , are organizing team frisbee matches .
time : 11:30 pm ryan , ben and phil walk past the dark math building then diagonally across a large lawn until they approach the rear of the hulking , ancient , sandstone east gym , a remnant of the original campus , now more than a century old .
a perfectly manicured lawn stretched unreasonably far from the house to the stone wall at the property line .
it started life as a home for the people who looked after the lawn and vegetation .
alyssa dodged one , blocked the other , and landed a solid kick to harriss hip that sent him backward across the lawn , shuffling to regain his balance .
behind her , matt struggled to drag harris behind them , into the house , so the guards would nt find him unconscious on the lawn .
lately , though , she had a sense that his frequent visits to her home were not merely to borrow an egg or offer to mow the lawn .
when the deer had darted across the lawn , her body had twitched in surprise , but her arms were once again wrapped around her torso and she was staring away from the others , lost in thought .
sophie shut the door with a loud snap and darted across the lawn , passing the colorful gardens overflowing with flowers , and disappeared into the shadow of trees .
she obeyed his signal to be silent , barely breathing as he watched whoever it was cross the front lawn of the church and up the stairs , disappearing from their sight .
over there , she pointed to a garden near the edge of the front lawn .
a chainsaw - wielding hick , eyes bloated on moonshine , might have come charging out of the woods on a rampage , but he would nt have gotten any further than that fence , and from here you could nt even see the cabins scattered among the bushes in the rolling , manicured lawns within .
behind her was an expansive , well - trimmed lawn leading up to a beautiful gabled house .
if there s nothing in the house worth breaking , just stick to smashing the windows and tossing some of the furniture out onto the lawn .
furn parked on the lawn , the patchy yellow green grass was in need of a trim .
the house was a modest bricked split - level structure with a manicured lawn surrounding it .
it was a modest duplex with a little lawn in front .
they tap - danced to a musical number and parents applauded from their lawn chairs .
maybe that lawn mower of yours .
they walked along a stretch of corridor and through a double glass door leading onto a stone courtyard and then a lawn .
tom had imagined a modern dwelling , a bungalow perhaps , on the outskirts of kanchanaburi - two or three bedrooms , en - suite , a kitchen , flower beds , a lawn .
he was reading by the bedroom window , clean sheets and sunlight , the freshly mown lawn .
to make matters worse the weather remained perfect and the green lawn beneath our window shimmered in the sun and wounded poilus lay out there on stretchers smoking incessantly while the lazy hum of conversation drifted up to us .
on the far side of the lawn an open car driven by a soldier was coming up the avenue leading to the hospital .
the church , the lawn grounds , the bottom level basement , and the parking lot are empty of pedestrians , neighbors , church staff , family members , and guests .
he s outside with the fbi covering the lawn grounds for any new clues .
he sees the manicured lawn of the neighbor and the numerous fbi agents who search the affluent neighborhood for more clues of the murders .
hawk scans the well - groomed lawn , fresh ground flowers , trimmed bush hedge , and maple trees blocking the nosy neighbors and peeking toms .
the lawn is nicely manicured by a professional landscaper and the interior is cleanly mopped by a maid service , since amber has inherited money , probably from her daddy .
nice house , new car , maid service , lawn care , and she s young .
a long rectangular room is located on the north side of her house parallel to the swimming pool and the manicured lawn of green carpet .
he scans the manicured lawn .
the agents zoom onto a solo male as he is hauled out of the woods and then placed onto the manicured lawn of the cemetery .
rob grabs the binoculars from his gear surveying the lawns , the trees , and the windows of the houses behind her house .
he eases the door open cautiously scanning the front lawn without any flood lightning .
he crawls backwards from the front porch then the lawn into the darkness , hits gravel then metal .
always , before , people were sitting out in their folding k - mart lawn chairs , cracking jokes and folding over laughing , eating , drinking , loving .
the worst wreckage is at valdosta state universitycars crisscrossed and jammed like toys over the front lawn of the spanish - style main building .
the red brick faade rose above them , four stories with large windows looking out over spring green lawns .
just tiny figures seen at that distance , they were approaching the building across the grass lawn .
developers threw up all the pre - requisite amenities for a retirement village - tennis court , swimming pool , convenience stores , et cetera - and made it all look pretty with lawns and paths , and then they got short of money .
all three men , with jacobs three feet ahead , walked down the cinnamon flag - paving stones , passing houses with patterned curtains and flowery window boxes and neat lawns .
the front lawn boasted a border of plants , a few garden ornaments , and nothing else .
the back garden was another lawn , with a small shed and a rockery at the back , by the tall wrought - iron fence that protected the island from intruders .
` ` i ' m going to blow his head all over this lawn , mackenzie .
at the top , he rolled over the rubber mat and dropped to manicured lawn inside the fence .
-- beverly hills , california earlier in the day charles had been watering the lawn no more than thirty yards away from the swimming pool , when one of the girls caught his eye and before he knew what he was doing , his clothes were completely soaked through .
there was no sunny campus where the employees could enjoy a smoke break or a picnic lunch on the lawn .
especially when she cleaned rich folk 's houses , the ones with the manicured lawns and water views and golf courses just outside their windows .
the red tongue at the tip of the hundred foot standpipe licked indifferently at the night , and dew -- as unlikely in a bakersfield october as mannasoaked the office lawn .
i noticed something elsefootprints crossin the lawn from that old ford and leadin straight back here .
a hundred yards south stood a narrow , single story building a hundred foot long , separated from rosedale highway by a ribbon of lawn : pyramids main office .
the lawn was perfectly trimmed .
with a pounding heart , she ran across the empty lawn and jumped on a window sill of one of the ground floor windows .
the only manifestation that it now had an owner was the missing for sale sign that used to be erected on the front lawn .
in utter desperation , i threw my phone and hit the tree on my neighbours front lawn .
gram was commenting on the fall colors and the well kempt lawn while i groped for the answer .
dr . wilson and dr . stanton walk out and discuss timothy as they cross the campus lawn .
sophies admirers are coming from all over , some holding prayer vigils on the hospital lawn , some placing flowers out front , all hoping for sophies recovery .
i tossed my red bike on the lawn and ran to the door .
i noticed how the weeds gained control of the garden and lawn and how the rose bushes had grown wild .
a lawn mower started in the distance , followed by a second one , which was much closer .
most of the lawns of the vacant houses had nt been mowed all summer .
oddly , the only vacant house with a semi - manicured lawn was the one watson had gone into .
in fact , it was the best - kept lawn of any vacant house on the street .
he checks the street from his lawn .
houses in classic brick or stone with massive , green lawns and tall , mature trees dotting the landscape faced the road .
it might be possible for someone on the lawn downstairs to see me if they were still sober and looking up .
we wound our way between headstones across the carefully manicured lawns of the cemetery , heading deeper into the grounds away from the offices .
the lawn needed to be mowed ; my fingers cropped all that was within reach in an effort to distract my mind from what was in the house .
i watched it zigzag across the dead thatch under the green lawn until it disappeared .
i think we were in the montlake neighborhoodthe area was upscale , the lawns manicured , the houses just a bit larger than necessary .
the lawn was lush and freshly mown ; the sweet scent of newly cut grass still lingered in the warm air .
what little color was left in his face abruptly drained when i told him of being at zanna 's house and finding his ring in the lawn .
dever noticed all the neighbors gathered outside on their front lawns wondering what had happened .
he paused at the bottom of the driveway and circled around the side of the yard and made his way through the well - manicured lawn towards the house and out of view from the street .
` ` hey , '' archer called back , raising a hand as he hiked across the impeccable lawn that swept up to the rayburn 's palisades estate .
the wardroom that i had all to myself was brightly lit , and through the ornate leaded glass , i could see the well - kept lawn .
the long window curtains were drawn back to reveal a wall running around a well - manicured lawn .
my fathers jet - black coffin processes across the pristine college lawns while we ordinary mortals ( including the fellows ) traipse around the cobbled edge of the courtyard , avoiding the grass in a last sign of respect .
a gardener edged the lawn with a power trimmer , but no noise penetrated the triple - paned , soundproof glass .
all the lots in this subdivision were oversized , big and beautiful , with lush lawns and elaborate plantings .
how they even got lawn and trees to grow on top of lava rock he would probably never know .
the only thing between these windows and the whole west coast of the big island was the pool and a well - groomed lawn with a small gazebo , where a man sat , a guard , most likely , who from out there could probably see kona town and even kohala farther north , or , to his left , the barren south shore with its black and green sand beaches .
they were crouched up on the one lawn chair , grasping at each other with digging fingers as if in a raft heading over a waterfall .
paint peeled from the sides of buildings and overgrown lawns threatened to swallow the sidewalks .
if alex did nt know better , he would have thought several homes had late night garage sales , judging by the amount of personal effects littering the lawns and driveways .
the two of them were reclining back on some cheap lawn furniture , smoking cigars , while a woman jack was dating and charlotte were inside talking about the pregnancy .
he just sat on the edge of his front lawn as debbie stared at him .
someone grabbed bleach and poured it across the lawn .
relatives from larrys family and friends , such as bruce , ed , and chad sat on lawn chairs , eating food and drinking beer .
after three beers and two , quite delicious hamburgers , jerrick passed out in the lawn chair in the backyard .
he saw larrys and tommys silhouettes as they sat on lawn chairs across from him .
bodies began falling from the gaping holes of the buildings , sprinkling the lawn around the buildings .
for example , one day he stood on the truman balcony on the third floor in the whitehouse , examining the whitehouse lawn .
the president did not look at the staff but kept studying the lawn .
young man stood next to the president while the president directed him to look over the south lawn .
several days later , president davis wanted some fresh air , and the beautiful whitehouse lawn and gardens relaxed and soothed him .
where the tree once stood , the president saw a perfectly green , manicured lawn as if the tree never had existed .
after 15 minutes , a sniper from the homeland security announced into his microphone , sir , we have activity on the south lawn at the whitehouse , roger .
dispatch relayed a message to all agents in the area , please be advised for suspicious activity on the whitehouse lawn .
she swallowed bile and set off across the lawn towards the noise .
it was dawn and the view outside the upstairs bedroom window showed a deserted suburban street lined with seventy year - old houses , all in immaculate condition with neat lawns and cared for gardens .
at the rear all was dark and a white fog hung around the ground but he knew there was a small shed across the lawn .
` ` if you do n't open this goddamn gate pronto , i shall be on your front lawn in a police helicopter within fifteen minutes .
alex berisa moves across the lawn quietly and stands in the shadows just to the left of the kitchen window .
second , there was a car parked on the lawn backed up to the front porch .
cogswell is dead , buried at forest lawn .
but then the guard waved them on and they passed through a large , landscaped area of lawns and offices and residences with tiled roofs .
he went out and crossed a scraggly lawn to a gate in the fence manned by a guard sitting on a stump stool under an awning .
back into his pocket and walked across the lawn .
my clinic , i discovered , was a ramshackle barrack , replete with a derelict tiny lawn , strewn with rusting hulks of household goods .
in warson woods , people loved lawns like children , and spoiled them the same , either themselves or through their teams of landscapers .
mary looked at her two plastic bags and felt like she was watering her lawn while looking at desmonds copper piping .
mantis looked at two large , cloth tents in the front lawn as they blew in the wind .
he elevated his deck chair , looking passed the pool to his manicured back lawn .
but ironically , as he looked through the front windshield at the children playing on the lush lawns , his past was straight ahead , mocking him , and the pain began to rumble .
i m better than the bookcase , she replied , viewing the multiple pieces that were strewn across the lawn like driftwood .
she especially liked riding around with him on the tractor , cutting the lawn .
carolyn began to run across the park - like lawns , again to beths disapproval .
he careened through the entrance of calf pasture beach , bouncing over a lawn area , scraping park benches , and luckily missing the stout trunks of the large oak trees that lined the entrance .
they retreated backward up the lawn , away from the firewall .
they traveled to the manor house , jordan leading the way , practically skipping across the vast lawn as regan and poindexter followed , pushing beth and chuck .
one person i notice across the lawn , sneaking an extra piece of cake , is coach blake .
a ranch style home of brick and vinyl , sitting behind a square manicured lawn .
out the window , students shouldered thick bookbags as they hurried in and out of buildings and across lawns .
the neighbors own affairs were their sole concerns and the world outside their lawns did nt exist .
gavin tells me he s a neighbor who does the lawn .
a stranger on the lawn staring back at me would ve provided some comfort .
` ` the only thing i did was help dump out the liquor on the lawn . ''
glancing about , he noted the neat yards and wondered if she hired the landscaping and lawn care or maybe had a boyfriend who took care of everything .
what if we drive up in his yard and he s out back mowing the lawn or something ?
the mayor washes the dirty dishes of those who pay them under the table while members of the city council mow the lawns outside .
however , yes , i have a boyfriend who cuts my lawn .
oleander enterprises chapter 22 - photo op fall leaves blew along the south lawn , but president warner paid no mind .
chapter 29 - a holiday the sun warmed samanthas face as she lounged on the soft , manicured park lawn .
* * * the easter egg roll took place on the white house south lawn every year .
for a moment , alexandra separated herself from marcus and the throng and glided across the south lawn , the white of her dress contrasting against the green .
chapter 42 the resolute the june sun beat down all afternoon on the little leaguers playing on the south lawn .
she breathed deeply the moment the wind hit her face then set out across the lawn toward the waiting car .
the women grouped in small clusters and gossiped along the front lawn , where the children also played and the old folks said their farewells .
general clanton had laid out the town with much thought , and the square was long and wide and the courthouse lawn was covered with massive oak trees , all lined neatly and spaced equally apart .
the lawn around it was clean and neatly trimmed .
the square was coming to life as pickups full of fruits and vegetables parked next to the sidewalk around the courthouse lawn , and the old farmers in faded overalls neatly arranged the small baskets of tomatoes and cucumbers and squash on the tailgates and hoods .
after a cold supper , they sat in the swing on the front porch and watched the lawn sprinkler and talked about the case .
pirtle hid his patrol car in a driveway on monroe street and walked across the front lawns to jake 's house .
when he was two houses away , he left the street and cut through the front lawns of the neighbors .
suddenly , the figure darted across the front lawn next door and to the side of jake 's house .
he insisted that jake view his rose garden , and they spent an hour in the sprawling rear lawn admiring his honor 's flow- ers .
` ` i 'd like to go back to public hangings on the courthouse lawn . ''
the thick , dark bermuda was given an extra layer of fertilizer , and a dozen lawn sprinklers were hissing and splashing by 9:00 a.m. by 10:00 a.m. the temperature was ninety - two .
it parked next to the front lawn , and a familiar face emerged .
` ` evenin ' , will , '' said joe frank as the ex - supervisor walked across the lawn and up the steps .
the people were directed to a gazebo on the courthouse lawn , where reverend ollie agee was shouting orders and handing out blue and white free carl lee placards .
they descended upon the front lawn of the courthouse with cameras and microphones .
several cars were parked on the west side of the square , and a small group of blacks sat nearby in lawn chairs waiting to take their turns with the candles .
the vultures were out in full force and had congregated near the gazebo on the front lawn .
when he neared the front of the courthouse , he made a sharp left turn and led his troops down the long sidewalk in the center of the front lawn .
the sidewalks emptied as the merchants and shopkeepers , their customers , and the other curious streamed across the streets onto the lawn to hear what the leader , the short fat one , was about to say .
within seconds of the explosion , the front lawn of the ford county courthouse was a battlefield as men screamed and cursed and howled in pain through thick , heavy smoke .
their parents and siblings yelled helplessly from the front lawn .
a command post was set up near the gazebo on the front lawn .
by the post office a carload of blacks arrived with lawn chairs and candles to start the nightly vigil .
the marchers were led by ozzie to a section of the front lawn where they milled about and waited under the watchful eyes of the mississippi national guard .
they followed ozzie and the colonel to a small area on the front lawn , where it was explained that this was their turf for the trial .
two rows of troops lined the main sidewalk that divided the lawn and led to the front steps .
on the front lawn a group of ku klux klansmen , in white robes , is at this very moment yelling at a group of black demonstrators , who are , of course , yelling back .
as the jurors arrived for court this morning , they witnessed this circus on the courthouse lawn .
they unfolded lawn chairs under oak trees ' and placed coolers of ice water on card tables .
the klansmen went obediently to their section of the front lawn .
they waved them at the blacks across the lawn , and the two groups started shouting .
they rushed to the front lawn when the yelling started .
personally , he preferred the courtroom duty , wnere ne ieu miss the cameras and reporters which were so abundant on the front lawn .
he was the first kid on the street to purchase a lawn mower on credit at the western auto and knock on doors in february to line up_yard work for the summer .
he bought a trailer to follow the truck and filled it with lawn equipment .
with a fistful of orders , he raced from the courthouse , across the lawn , through the crowd of blacks , across caffey street and into claude 's .
they crowded together in the lawns across the street and watched .
a neighborhood kid cut the grass and tended the lawn .
the sounds of a hot summer night echoed softly across the front lawn .
at hundreds of small black churches across north mississippi , the faithful gathered before dawn and loaded picnic baskets , coolers , lawn chairs , and water jugs into converted school buses and church vans .
' they set up camp under the stately oaks , and milled around the lawn inspecting things .
ozzie asked the mayor if he wanted him to start arresting everybody on the courthouse lawn .
agee led the marchers off the street and across the lawn .
the doors flew open and an endless stream of blacks with lawn chairs and food baskets headed for the front lawn .
the doors flew open and an endless stream of blacks with lawn chairs and food baskets headed for the front lawn .
every man , woman , and child on the front lawn bowed before god and begged him to let their man go .
the celebration kicked into high gear on the front lawn .
it was like trusting your life to a lawn mower .
if the lawn mower did n't fail them , they would land in boston in twenty - five minutes .
behind him , sprawled out in a lawn chair , was another man .
john did as he was asked , sinking down into the lawn chair beside lenny 's .
mitch was still , slumped on the lawn .
vittoria asked , surveying the deserted lawns and walkways .
after parking the cart on the wide lawn directly behind st . peter 's basilica , the guard escorted langdon and vittoria up a stone escarpment to a marble plaza off the back of the basilica .
langdon looked up to see a swiss guard hurrying across an adjacent lawn toward the front door .
he wondered if it was his body or just his spirit that had floated down from heaven toward the soft , darkened expanse of the vatican city gardens ... alighting like a silent angel on the deserted lawns , his black parachute shrouded from the madness by the towering shadow of st . peter 's basilica .
tiny emerald lawns and turquoise swimming pools winked in the last of the light .
when sophie steered out over the thick lawn and lost her balance , they both went tumbling onto the grass , rolling and laughing .
teabing hobbled across the study , unlocked a set of wide glass doors , and swung them open onto a side lawn .
the men crossed the rear lawn and arrived breathless at the front of a weathered gray barn .
the lawns were covered with them - hundreds of white bodies all facing the same direction , patiently riding out the damp wind .
gazing across the sloping lawns , past the duck pond and the delicate silhouettes of the weeping willows , the teacher could see the spires of the building that housed the knight 's tomb - the real reason he had told remy to come to this spot .
sophie and her grandmother were seated on the porch stairs in a tearful hug when the young docent dashed across the lawn , his eyes shining with hope and disbelief .
when langdon walked across the lawn to join them , sophie could not imagine that only yesterday she had felt so alone in the world .
a snub - nosed mh-60 g pavehawk helicopter sat idling on the lawn .
37 the east appointment gate of the white house is located on east executive avenue between the treasury department and the east lawn .
from the chopper 's armored cockpit , delta - one watched his rotors tear into the sub 's cable like a giant lawn mower running over a steel chain .
outside the window behind him , dusk was gathering on the west lawn .
reacher saw the guards walking loder to a flagpole on the patch of lawn outside the courthouse .
it was set dead center in the remains of a fine square of lawn in front of the building .
in between were the two lawns , one abandoned and scrubby , the other still reasonably flat .
i have walked through those gloomy rooms sometimes , lookin at the furniture swaddled up in dust - sheets , and thought of how the place used to look back in the fifties , when they had their summer parties -there was always different - colored japanese lanterns on the lawn , how well i remember that .
she went around and around the long buffet table that was set up on the back lawn near the rose garden , visitin and laughin with all her friends -most of em from baltimore , judgin by the look n sound - but she was different that day than she had been durin the week leadin up to the eclipse .
sloop hugged back and they staggered around and whooped and clapped each other on the back like they were on a lawn in front of a frat house and somebody had done something big in a game of college football .
there was a tended lawn .
it looked like he was ready to go lawn bowling at some fancy country club .
the miniature mesa was as bare as a dinner plate laid on a dead lawn .
as a result , his lawn bad a worn look to it , though he worked hard in his flower beds .
a hospital stay on hemlock , and the frohmeyers arranged visitation and food and even lawn care .
the last time he peeked out there were people all over his front lawn , everyone smiling and shrieking at his house .
on the morning after the caroling party on his front lawn , luther shuffled half - asleep down his drive and was about to pick up the gazette when he saw a bright collection of colors out of the corner of his left eye .
there was a sign in the center of his lawn .
he struck quickly - slinking through the garage , cutting around the corner , high - stepping across the lawn because the grass was wet and practically frozen , yanking the poster from the ground , and tossing it into the utility room , where he 'd deal with it later .
next door , becker was adding more lights to his shrubs , and , for spite , he was emphasizing the end of his lawn next to luther 's garage .
probably bicycle gangs chanting ` ` free frosty '' and little terrorists planting signs on their front lawn .
on the other side , the kerrs ' house and lawn were perfectly lined with alternating reds and greens , thousands of them by now .
in the center of the lawn was a handsome nativity scene , complete with real hay bales and a goat whose tail went up and down .
he stood at the front window , exactly where the tree would ' ve been , sipped his coffee , gazed upon his lawn to make sure it had not been vandalized by spike frohmeyer and his band of outlaws , and looked at the scheel home across the street .
wes trogdon emerged from his garage with a backpack to throw on board , luther stepped quickly across the beckers ' front lawn and yelled , ` ` hey , wes ! ''
the front lawn was covered with neighborhood children , all waiting eagerly for blair and her mysterious new fiance .
she and enrique were soon on the front lawn , surrounded by dozens of neighbors while the choir howled away .
blue skies , green lawns , warm brick buildings .
it had embedded itself in the ground , like a lawn dart .
lawns were green and weed free .
a little darker than the rest of the lawn .
then i turned and looked back at the weed patch that passed for a lawn .
but whoever , they did n't like mowing their lawn .
the previous owner had tired of lawn care and opted for raked stones .
` ` on the lawn ? ''
at first i thought they were the mckinney cousins , because it was that kind of a place , and because it had a black brush - painted pick - up truck standing on a patch of dirt that might once have been a lawn .
they talk about lawns and baseball , you know , guy stuff . ''
beyond it , across a broad open lawn , the house looked closed - up and dark and silent .
his voice cracked like a whip across the lawn .
i would probably have missed him anyway , but he was already on the move , weaving across the lawn toward the cabins like a football player , with the thin man scrambling desperately after him .
and now there came two quick shots from the direction of cabin number 1 , followed by a bloodcurdling scream that stopped my heart , and sluggsy came backing out onto the lawn , firing from the hip with his right while his left hand dangled down at his side .
but then came the steady crash of james 's gun from the far side of the lawn , while fire spat back from the front window of the car .
it made a wide swerve and looked to be heading across the lawn straight for james .
thereabouts the lawn was cut to the edge of a low cliff , about twenty feet high , below which is a fishing pool , and there were some rough - hewn benches and tables for people to sit and picnic .
captain stonor sent for lieutenant morrow and took him aside to radio a preliminary report to headquarters , and i watched the wreck of the black sedan , that had by now been hauled up the cliff , being towed over the lawn to the road .
on the way over the lawn he said , ` ` watch out for the potholes between here and glens falls , miss .
the five - mile promenade of royale - les - eaux , backed by trim lawns emblazoned at intervals with tricolour beds of salvia , alyssum and lobelia , was bright with nags and , on the longest beach in the north of france , the g*y bathing tents still marched prettily down to the tide - line in big , money - making battalions .
is it the lawn mower ? '
a belief shared by many professional lawn tennis players , golfers , gun and rifle marksmen , and others . )
spanish town , may pen , alligator pond , black river , whitehouse inn , where they had luncheon -- the miles unrolled under the fierce sun until , late the afternoon , a stretch of good straight road brought them among the spruce little villas , each with its patch of brownish lawn , its bougainvillaea and its single bed of canna lilies and crotons , which make up the ` ` smart '' suburbs of the modes little coastal township that is , in the vernacular , sav ' la mar .
outside , the sea whispered softly on an invisible beach and the moonlight splashed the black shadows of palms across trim lawns .
she gave a brief wave and ran off across the lawn .
he took a strong nip of straight bourbon and sat on the edge of his bed and looked unseeingly out of the window and across the lawn to the sea 's horizon .
he stepped out onto the lawn .
he got up and poured himself another stiff brandy and ginger ale and went out onto the lawn .
then he walked off across the lawn and through the house , and major smythe heard the iron whirr of the self - starter and the clatter of the gravel on the unkempt drive .
they were still chaffing each other when they arrived at the everglades and they were laughing when the grim mrs . stuyvesant greeted them on the lawn .
when leiter and bond , leaving the manageress gaping on the lawn , raced down to the end cottage , they found her room untouched and the bedclothes barely rumpled .
now what the hell , he wondered as he hurried across the lawn .
he ran down the lawn to the cottage and dashed through the lobby into leiter 's room .
in a clearing among the cabins , set on a rough lawn of bahama grass , was the house on stilts built as a weekend cottage for the employees of the west indian citrus company .
a light breeze was ruffling the bay and the scrolls of small waves were unfurling on the white beach across the lawn .
can you get us some dinner and then get the gear out on to the lawn ?
the jagged shadow of a man - of - war bird floated across the green bahama grass of the lawn as it sailed on the air currents up the coast to some distant colony , and a slate - blue kingfisher chattered angrily as it saw the man sitting in the chair in the garden .
solitaire came out of the house and walked on nak*d feet across the lawn .
when quarrel had landed them on the little beach at beau desert , bond had half carried solitaire across the lawn and into the bathroom .
he carried his bag across the parched lawn , between the beds of beauty bush and forced gladioli , and let himself into the neat spare double room with the armchair , the bedside table , the currier and ives print , the chest of drawers and the brown plastic ash - tray that are standard motel equipment all over america .
bond put down the receiver and walked thoughtfully across the lawn to his room .
they walked across the lawn together to the studillac and as they drove down the avenue leiter brought him up to date .
bond caught a glimpse of endless miles of palm - lined avenues , of sprinklers whirling over emerald lawns in front of gracious homes , of sprawling aircraft factories , of the outside lots of film studios with their jumble of gimcrack sets - city streets , western ranches , what looked like a miniature motor - racing track , a full - size four - masted schooner planted in the ground - and then they were in the mountains and through them and over the interminable red desert that is the backstage of los angeles .
16 the tiara bond had lunch in the air - conditioned ' sunburst room ' beside the big kidney - shaped swimming pool ( lifesaver : bobby bilbo - pool scoured daily by hydro jet , said a sign ) and having decided that only about one per cent of the customers were fit to wear bathing suits , walked very slowly through the heat across the twenty yards of baked lawn that separated his building from the central establishment , took off his clothes and threw himself nak*d on his bed .
he surveyed the big room for the last time , noted that a new dealer had taken over at tiffany case 's table , and that there was no sign of mr spang , and then he walked out through the glass door into the hot stuffy night and over the lawns to the turquoise building and let himself into his room and locked the door behind him .
then they were rolling easily along sunset boulevard between the palm trees and the emerald lawns , the dust - streaked studillac looking incongruous among the glistening corvettes and jaguars , and finally , towards evening , they were sitting in the dark , cool bar of the beverley hills hotel , and there were new suitcases in the lobby and brand new hollywood clothes and even bond 's battle - scarred face did n't mean they had n't all just finished work at the studios .
the garden in which the man lay was about an acre of well - kept lawn surrounded on three sides by thickly banked rose bushes from which came the steady murmur of bees .
the tiles merged into the lawn .
a young woman carrying a small string bag and dressed in a white cotton shirt and a short , unalluring blue skirt came through the glass door and strode mannishly across the glazed tiles and the stretch of lawn towards the nak*d man .
grant walked slowly out through the glass door on to the lawn .
the ' best ' people live in its big old - fashioned houses , each in an acre or two of beautiful lawn set , too trimly , with the finest trees and flowers from the botanical gardens at hope .
from the road a gravel path leads up to the pillared entrance through wide lawns marked out with tennis courts on which this evening , as on all evenings , the sprinklers are at work .
they pulled into a parking place and bond followed quarrel through the gate into a small garden of palm trees growing out of lawn .
bond walked round the house and across the lawn to the edge of the sea .
he had carried her across the lawn to the house .
the shadows crept from behind the house and marched across the lawn and enveloped him .
he could see her coming into a room or across the lawn at beau desert .
she had had to help him out of the boat and across the velvet lawn and into the house .
your h , '' in the dusk she came across the lawn to where bond was sitting finishing his third glass of bourbon - on - the - rocks .
then there was a patch of tidy lawn up against thick broken stone walls and steps that led down to a heavy door whose edges glinted with light .
two mowers were at work on the lawns and , where they had already been , sprinklers were gracefully flinging handfuls of spray .
a body clad in singlet and trousers flat on its face in the middle of a trim lawn .
the two tiny black and green comets swirled away across the fine acres of lawn , dotted with brilliant clumps of hibiscus and bougainvillaea , until they were lost to sight in the citrus groves .
it scatters gravel all over the lawn and you know how it ruins joshua 's lawn - mower . ''
it scatters gravel all over the lawn and you know how it ruins joshua 's lawn - mower . ''
on the garden side was a stone flagged terrace with a flowered border , and beyond this two or three acres of trim lawn stretched down to the edge of the small lake .
he saw the blank curtained windows , the crumpled sleeping faces of the four men , the dew on the lawn and the widening rings of the early rise on the gunmetal surface of the lake .
now he could see everything - the endless vista of the green mountains stretching in every direction as far as he could see , away to the east the golden ball of the sun just coming up in glory , and below , two thousand feet down a long easy slope of treetops broken once by a wide band of meadow , through a thin veil of mist , the lake , the lawns and the house .
it took a quarter of an hour to reach the lake , and then seemed to flood at once over the glittering lawn and over the wet slate tiles of the roofs .
bond willed them to have no fear , that the gun he carried was not meant for them , but with each alarm he wondered if , when he got to the edge of the meadow , he would see down on the lawn a man with glasses who had been watching the frightened birds fleeing the treetops .
he walked silently past the table to the edge of the flagged terrace facing the lawn and proceeded to go through a five - minute programme of physical drill .
the kingfisher , a handful of tattered blue and grey feathers , thudded to the lawn and lay fluttering .
he gave a sharp order to the two girls , who ran off into the house , then , with the others following , he turned and ambled down the sloping lawn towards the lake .
the smoke - clouds over the two of them joined and drifted away over the lawn .
he hurled the iron table on its side and got behind it as two snap shots from bond kicked chunks out of the lawn at his heels .
with this solid cover his shooting became more accurate , and burst after burst , now from the right of the table and now from the left , crashed into the maple tree while bond 's single shots clanged against the white iron or whined off across the lawn .
an elderly couple cringed off the drive at a blare from his klaxon and then on the right there were broad stretches of lawn and neatly flowered borders and a sprinkling of slowly moving figures , alone and in pairs , and behind them a redbrick victorian monstrosity from which a long glass sun parlor extended to the edge of the grass .
he took the horrible mug over to one of the little cafe tables near the windows overlooking the dark lawn and sat down and sipped the thin soup while he watched some of his fellow inmates meandering aimlessly , weakly , through the room .
bond 's black shadow flickered across the breathering lawn like a clumsy bat .
as she did so , she closed her eyes tightly , placed both hands over her face , and began running totally blind across the lawn .
katherine kept her eyes tightly closed , trusting herself on the open lawn .
rather than obtaining the pyramid for which he had come , he found himself riddled with bird shot and fleeing across the snow- covered lawn toward the dense woods .
on the other side of an entry road , the young man was helping his hunched superior walk across an expansive lawn .
the young man exited the building and walked back across the great lawn to his modest dwelling on the grounds .
chapter 79 eight miles due north of alexandria , virginia , robert langdon and katherine solomon strode calmly across a wide expanse of frost - covered lawn .
their destination , the tallest structure for miles , was immediately visible on the horizon , just off massachusetts avenue on a vast expanse of manicured lawn .
the dazzling glare of a searchlight flooded the garth just as langdon and katherine reached the other side , slipping beneath a gothic arch into a tunnel that led to the outside lawn .
unfortunately , when they reached the end of the short tunnel , they found themselves separated from their destination by a wide - open expanse of lawn , currently flooded with light from the helicopter overhead .
langdon pointed to a black shadow that was materializing on the lawn to their left .
langdon and katherine had made the dash across the lawn and used galloway 's key to slip inside just as the helicopter rose back over the cathedral , its floodlights turning night back into day .
all she had said as they crossed the lawn was that the pyramid could be transformed using simple science .
usually this meant a human form moving through a cool space , but what appeared on the monitor was more of a thermal cloud , a patch of hot air drifting across the lawn .
through the bay window , langdon could see a sleek black helicopter sitting silent on the lawn .
thankfully , the huge lawn outside the national cathedral was empty .
langdon climbed in back and had barely closed the door before the giant vehicle was rocketing across the lawn , racing northward to kalorama heights .
a half - dozen vehicles were parked haphazardly in the driveway and on the lawn , apparently having arrived in a hurry .
agent hartmann skidded to a stop on the lawn beside a white sedan with a brightly colored decal : preferred security .
he followed katherine at a jog across the lawn toward the open front door .
agent simkins was the first to spot the black escalade parked haphazardly on a lawn in front of one of the mansions .
the aircraft landed hard on the front lawn amid several other vehicles ... one of them a security sedan with a bubble light on top .
chapter 117 langdon felt his stomach drop as the cia helicopter leaped off the lawn , banked hard , and accelerated faster than he ever imagined a helicopter could move .
a handful of pedestrians scattered as the aircraft descended through an opening in the trees and landed hard on the lawn just south of the famous two - tiered fountain designed by the same two men who created the lincoln memorial .
two tall brick pillars just rose up from a long expanse of tended lawn behind the sidewalk .
anybody who wanted to avoid it could drive straight across the lawn .
they dreamed up this thing that looks like a giant lawn dart .
people were putting stuff on their lawns and pruning their bushes .
it 's like a big lawn dart .
for a lawn dart ? ''
everything else in the park was either a road or new lawn bounded by neat poured - concrete curbs .
duffy and i walked down the side of the catering place and across the dividing lawn to quinn 's bathroom window .
nobody would value a fancy lawn dart at half a million bucks . ''
a lawn , and plenty of low - maintenance evergreen bushes .
i sat in the row farthest from the door , which is next to the windows , and i spotted the squirrel on the lawn .
the lawn of placerville high school is a very good one .
through the window behind mr . denver i could see the lawn , but not the fearless way it grew right up to the building .
outside , kids were milling restlessly around on the lawn , talking and pointing at room 16 as the grapevine passed the word among them .
they stood irresolutely on the lawn , their nozzles gripped and held out before them like comic brass phalluses .
out on the lawn , a second town police car had arrived .
i went back across the lawn , took a stone out of my pocket , and threw it at the storm window beside the living - room window .
out on the lawn , two more trooper cars had arrived .
out on the lawn , the cops and tom denver and mr . johnson were standing around restlessly , waiting for the return of their tweedy bull stud .
a long time after that , he came into view on the lawn again , walking toward the enclave of cops on the lawn , walking in his tweed coat with the suede elbow patches , bald head gleaming , cheeks gleaming .
a long time after that , he came into view on the lawn again , walking toward the enclave of cops on the lawn , walking in his tweed coat with the suede elbow patches , bald head gleaming , cheeks gleaming .
outside , a cop had driven a police cruiser onto the lawn .
i tried to think about the squirrel , and about the way the lawn grew right up to the building , no fucking around .
dicky was a squat kid who always somehow reminded me of a lawn mower , a big briggs amp ; stratton self - propelling model with the choke stuck open .
then i started across the lawn toward the street .
i grabbed him , because i never could box , and shoved him backward across the lawn , that big grin steaming and fuming at me .
we tripped over a pink lawn flamingo and whumped to the ground .
when he got to the cars that had been driven onto the lawn , there was another conference .
daniel malvern took the mauser to a gravel pit several miles away , test - fired it , and then brought it back and walked down to one of the cruisers parked on the lawn with the rifle stuffed down his pants leg .
tom walked out from behind one of the police cars and started across the lawn , walking slowly , as if he expected to be shot at any second .
when i opened them again , they were walking across the bright green of the lawn .
i wished they had used the sidewalk ; even after all that had happened , it was still a hell of a lawn .
chapter 16 the black lincoln sedan had come to a stop on the lawn of a house along the steep part of sunset plaza drive .
up on the lawn , a half - dozen people were standing beside the lincoln .
` ` he ca n't just ruin my lawn like this .
i said to the aide , ` ` you get the property owner 's name and address , so you can deal with the damage to the lawn . ''
he backed the car off the lawn , driving over a flower bed .
flowers and a lovely lawn .
from across the lawn , an aide said , ` ` senator ?
as he walked , he collected people , first a woman with script changes , then a wardrobe man , then a sound man fiddling with his microphone and adjusting the battery pack at his waist , and the makeup woman , until finally the senator had disappeared from view , and there was just a cluster of people moving awkwardly across the lawn .
a short section of lawn in front of the building .
massive oak trees arched gently in from either side , creating a canopy that framed the distant building - a huge , faded yellow structure with a triple portico and an expansive oval lawn .
they had reached the end of la cerchiata 's leafy tunnel and dashed across an open lawn into a grove of cork trees .
rather than a manicured lawn and landscaping , the front yard was a vast expanse of pavement that stretched across an entire hillside , flowing down to the via dei guicciardini like a massive paved ski slope .
the buildings crouched alone on undulating lawns .
the lawns were immaculate and the way the low buildings spread into them meant their architect had n't been worried about consuming space .
beyond the fencing was grazing land , and inside the fencing the same grass had been fed and mowed into a fine lawn .
the lawns were green and the sky was a shattering blue .
he stood and gazed at the fence and the trees and the lawn .
` ` because if we were n't honoring him here tonight , we 'd be holding this banquet at forest lawn . ''
have you ever eaten at forest lawn ?
it was held at forest lawn on a sunny august morning , on the day toby temple was to have started his new television series .
she could see no papers on the lawn , but the wind could easily have blown them over the cliff .
they both looked down , and on the lawn below , in the light of the flickering flames , they saw rhys and chief of police luigi ferraro and half a dozen detectives , armed with rifles .
from behind the trees across the lawn max hornung came hurrying up to rhys .
she had run up from the bottom of the lawn , followed by a ravishing boy .
when lexi was a little girl , she 'd had a beautiful antique box that she used to fill with special ` ` nature things '' - a bird 's egg that had fallen from a nest and landed , unbroken , on the lawn at dark harbor ; a rabbit 's skull with bones worn so white that they glowed in the dark .
the entire garden of cedar hill house , a vast sloping lawn that led from the house right down to the water , was covered with a white canvas tent .
swaying happily , he staggered out onto the front lawn .
the gardens and lawns he tended 102 were the loveliest in hobe sound .
there were six fraternities in a row at the university , and the fraternity brothers would gather on the lawn and watch the girls go by , but there was something about jennifer that made them feel unexpectedly shy .
the grounds were fenced in and there was a lovely wrought - iron gate in front of a sweeping driveway , with lamp posts lighting the way , and a large front lawn with a row of yews sheltering the house .
there were three acres , with the back lawn gently sloping down to the sound , where there was a dock .
the carefully tended lawns were studded with pre - columbian statues .
earlier , the hundred or so wedding guests gathered at cedar hill house , the blackwell family 's legendary maine estate , gasped when lexi templeton appeared on the lawn arm in arm with her father .
beyond the formal lawns of cedar hill house she could see the closely huddled white roofs of dark harbor , and behind them the dark , brooding sea .
the police put a scottish terrier on the front lawn of a house with a leash to keep her from running away .
lois managed to crawl out of the front door , onto the lawn , but by the time the firefighters got to her , she was in pretty bad shape . ''
someday , paige vowed to herself , i ' m going to live in a real house , a beautiful cottage with a green lawn and a white picket fence .
my dream was to live one day in a comfortable two - story house with a veranda and a green lawn and a white picket fence , and ... '' paige stopped .
in front of the house was a little lawn and garden , surrounded by a white picket fence .
around the green lawn in front of the house was a new white picket fence .
a picture of a kitten chasing a ball of yarn across a green lawn appeared .
the house was surrounded by green lawns studded with trees and a lush rose garden .
there 's a picket fence surrounding a winter - dead lawn ( but there 's no snow at all , not out here on the island ) , and a gate that stands open , offering the concrete path to anyone who cares make the trip from the sidewalk to the steep porch steps and the front door .
she skis onto what would be the town hall lawn in summer , toward the little cupola with the bell inside .
239 exterior : the side lawn of the town hall morning .
155 exterior : the lawn of the town hall morning .
more friends arrived and the crowd spilled out of the trailer and onto a shaky wooden deck , where they pulled up lawn chairs and sat and talked in the cool air of the early evening .
a small cafe , its entrance at the end of a flagstone path , stood separated from the shops on either side by a manicured lawn .
there is the blessed sacrament , ' said the driver , entering the street where the church rose in minor medieval splendour in the centre of a manicured lawn criss - crossed by stone paths and dotted with statuary .
he walked onto the stretch of lawn in front of the white mausoleum .
he walked with a purpose across the finely manicured lawn , the florida sun heating the sidewalk even in february .
in the cool darkness , trevor skipped along atlantic boulevard , away from the lights , past the cheap summer rentals packed tightly together , past the neat little retirement homes with their fresh paint and perfect lawns , down the old wooden steps to the sand , where he took off his shoes and strolled along the edge of the water .
the ploy was a clogged sewer line in the small front lawn , something that could be done without entering the home .
finn hung up and walked quickly across the lawn to the law library , where his colleagues were waiting.argrow was already ten minutes late .
the 6 a.m.bell shrieked through trumble , through the corridors of the dorms , across the lawns , around the buildings , into the surrounding woods .
the klan set up camp on the front lawn of the courthouse and staged noisy rallies almost on the hour .
the courtroom was filled with reporters and journalists , so the less fortunate were forced to wait under the shade trees on the front lawn .
the kluckers smelled victory , and increased the tempo on the front lawn .
a heavy cloud of gray dust hung above the small oak trees on the front lawn .
there were clear , sweeping shots of the courthouse lawns , with the crowds of silent onlookers , and the heavily armed state police , and the robed klansmen with their coneheads and sinister masks .
according to the reporter , the reply from across the lawn had something to do with their desire to blow off the rest of marvin 's limbs .
the wheelchair flipped , and marvin sprawled onto the lawn .
the camera panned the courthouse lawn with the group of klansmen and rows of policemen and swarms of onlookers .
as the name cayhall drifted across the tiny lawn , adam caught himself glancing around to see if anyone else heard it .
they bought colas from a machine outside and sipped them in a gazebo on the front lawn .
the front lawn was overgrown with johnsongrass and cocklebur .
he could see sam on the front lawn with both shotguns explaining to the sheriff exactly how the crazy nigger was about to kill him , and how he acted reasonably and in self - defense .
we went to the square and sat in the gazebo on the courthouse lawn .
he hears everything - the strange clicking sound of a new pair of boots in the hallway ; the unfamiliar pitch and accent of a different voice ; the faraway hum of a lawn mower or weedeater .
between the western edge of highway 49 and the front lawn of the administrative buildings of parchman , a distance of fifty yards , there was a grassy strip of land that was smooth and noticeable because it was once a railroad track .
two ice chests sat next to several lawn chairs .
assembled before him on the lawn was the small army of reporters and journalists , all anxiously awaiting the lottery .
the lawn in front of the townhome was tiny and their car was a few feet from the front door .
he stepped over ferguson , locked the back door , and disappeared into the darkness of the small rear lawn .
an nbc reporter on the white house lawn appeared and filled in the gaps .
it was almost november , and the wind blew leaves across the lawn .
they drifted to the boathouse where silo , neely , and paul were sitting in folding lawn chairs , swapping insults , telling jokes , chatting away about everything but football .
the jail , a squat , windowless bomb shelter , was for some forgotten reason built on the courthouse lawn .
kids play on shaded front lawns .
young mothers hovered near their children as they played on the shaded front lawns .
in the garage there was an ancient lawn mower with one wheel missing .
ron pushed it up and down the streets of ada , mowing lawns for $ 5 and giving the money to his landlord .
on friday morning , may 8 , kick carson saw ron pushing the lawn mower with three wheels along a street on the west side of town .
he got up , barefoot , and was walking to the front door when he saw a small army of combat - ready troops , dressed in black and heavily armed , moving across the lawn .
the pontotoc county jail is a windowless concrete bunker , for some reason built on the west side of the courthouse lawn .
that same monday , ron was led from the jail , across the lawn to the courthouse , about fifty steps , and made his first appearance before judge john david miller , the magistrate who handled preliminary matters .
as the crowd filed out of the courthouse , peggy stillwell fainted on the courthouse lawn .
it was back in ada , ten years after four cops surrounded him , shirtless and shaggy and tinkering with a lawn mower with only three wheels , and arrested him for murder .
the courthouse lawn was crawling with reporters and cameras .
it was an elaborate , nineteenth - century english garden with narrow paths winding among rosebushes and immaculate flower beds , elaborate topiary , quaint benches , a gazebo , and even a lawn for croquet and bowling .
the manicured lawn was the color of tarnished copper in the moonlight .
as soon as he touched grass , he bolted out across the moonlit lawn toward the stand of trees that had sheltered him when he first arrived .
on the rolling green lawn , palms grew tall against the sky , while tropical flowers in a rainbow of colors spread against the white- plastered walls .
it 's like stripping sod from a lawn .
ambler vaulted around the van and made sure that laurel was safely outside of it as the man raced the engine of the powerful van , nosing aside the sideways pontiac and lurching across the lawn and to the safety of the street .
and when a cross was burned on their lawn , we all got together , hunted the hooligans down , and had them prosecuted . ''
around the short flagstone patio were several pieces of outdoor furniture , three upright lawn chairs and a white wroughtiron table .
drew studied him from the shadows of the lawn .
latham walked out of the darkness of the lawn into the light of the entrance .
` ` then do n't give me any reason to use it , '' continued koenig , walking out on the lawn , his guards waddling beside him .
` ` only a couple of glimpses through the windows once we took out the lawn patrols .
mud sticking to their wet suits , their weapons held directly over their heads , they reached the border of the estate 's sloping lawn .
atop the ascending hill of manicured lawn was a second patio terrace beyond which was the rear of the river mansion , a wall of sliding glass doors indicating an enormous interior , a ballroom or a banquet hall judging by the dimly lit chandeliers .
and then beyond , as if to purposely contradict the lesson , there was a perfectly kept croquet field , the lawn manicured , the wickets and the brightly painted poles intact .
` ` as you can see , in every direction the wall is roughly eighty meters from the chiteau 's foundation , allowing for a pool , several patios , and a tennis court , all surrounded by lawns and gardens .
it was a huge , pristine bluegreen lake , several white sails skimming the water , and in the distance a number of exquisitely designed houses with protruding docks below their manicured lawns .
out of the protective darkness of thebuilding from within the pitch - black cover of adoorway the figure of a man began walking acrossthe dark green lawn .
the man crossing the lawn entered the spill ofclear moonlight .
threeothers followed , instantly racing off the short pierup onto the sloping lawn , one heading diagonally tothe right , the other two toward the first house.what they were doing was obvious : one man wouldposition himself in the bordering woods of thedownhill entrance drive while his colleagues checkedthe houses , looking for signs of entry .
stretch bystretch he crawled through the woods bordering thedirt road that wound up the hill from the lawn andthe riverbank .
to reinforce the illusion , it was surrounded by perfectly manicured lawns , dotted here and there with ornamental shade trees , divided by snaking gravel paths .
though it was night , the floodlights turned the lawn and its paths into silver oases amid the many - armed shadows of the leafless trees .
bourne twisted the handlebars and the motorcycle 's engine screamed as he turned to his right , cutting across a burned - out lawn , slipping into a narrow alley between two houses .
the study was around to the left , a comfortable wood - paneled room in a corner of the house that looked out onto a tree - shaded lawn , a flagstone terrace in the middle of which was sunk a lap - pool and , beyond , the beginning of the pine and hardwood forest that ran for most of the property .
outside the windows , under a downy white haze , was an expanse of closely mowed lawn above which a cherry tree spread its arching branches .
students streamed past them , hurrying down the paths between trees and lawns .
he sat in his customary chair facing the window that looked out over the rolling lawns to the left of the wide gravel drive , which wound through the elms and oaks lining it like sentinels .
with a surge of strength , morris panov broke away and raced across the lawn into the glare of the floodlights .
staying in the shadows , he raced across the lawn to the corner of the house .
regardless , he kept walking , crossing the streets he was told to cross , hoping some unseen clock kept him relatively in tune with the goddamned ` ` time spans '' that had been determined by his striding back and forth between two pegs on some lawn behind a garden apartment in vienna , virginia .
they dug in for one shot apiece and got out -- look at the slip marks on the lawn .
as quickly as possible , conklin limped across the lawn toward the agency vehicle .
it was similar to the others , with walls of pink stucco and a red tiled roof , but the surrounding lawn was larger , the bordering shrubbery taller and denser .
beyond the gate the old man could see a small child running about the lawn in a bathing suit .
he turned around , and in military fashion strode back across the lawn toward a rear entrance to the house .
it was over in moments -- moments of raging , panicked , finally disintegrating fury -- without the howling sounds that might have carried across the lawn of the general 's estate .
jason focused the binoculars on the far side of the expansive front lawn .
one of the two strange three - wheeled carts appeared far across the lawn , out of the shadows of the house and down the exit road of the circular drive .
the large expanse of close - cropped manicured lawn , the precisely cut shrubbery , the swept circular drive -- neatness was the order of the general 's turf .
fourteen minutes later , as he was removing and turning over the photographs on the wall behind the desk , the wall to the right of the cushioned bay window that overlooked the lawn outside , he recalled conklin 's words about checking the windows and the curtains so that no one could enter or observe the scene inside .
at the far end was a pair of french doors that led to an outside patio ; he recalled seeing white wrought - iron lawn furniture on the south end of the house when he was with the guards .
jason scrambled across the lawn , his eyes darting everywhere , wondering where the stalking killer was and how the innocent quarry that cactus had enlisted was evading him .
bourne raced out of the bushes and across the lawn through the opposing light of the flares ; the dogs were now really aroused , the yelps and throated growls of attack becoming louder .
the talkative assistant manager ran across the lawn toward the path to the east villas as bourne raced to the door and went inside .
they stayed on the lighted main path , straying now and then across the floodlit lawns but always visible , a crotchety old man supposedly walking wherever his whims led him , to the annoyance of his companion .
he tramped angrily between the writing table and the sunlit curtains of the two windows overlooking the front lawn of the auberge des artistes in barbizon .
the armory 's huge dirt parking area was to the right of the long building ; a single row of unkempt shrubbery fronted the entrance lawn , in the center of which stood a tall white pole , the soviet flag hanging limp in the breezeless morning air .
further , the sight of a civilian running across a lawn or down a road carrying an automatic weapon within a military compound was to invite disaster .
after the computer had scanned his credentials , he drove up the crushed - shell driveway to general richardson 's quarters , a stately victorian surrounded by a manicured lawn .
the driver opened the gate in the wrought - iron fence that bordered the tiny lawn .
the backyard was all lawn , with no bushes or shrubs where an intruder could hide .
most had toys and bicycles on the front lawn , a basketball hoop over the garage door , a small powerboat perched on a trailer chocked in the driveway .
they turned again , to another narrower street where the houses were smaller but still two and three stories tall with deep lawns and manicured hedgerows .
the air was cool and the front lawn was pitch black .
behind the garage , the small rear lawn stopped at a chain - link fence , and beyond the fence was a heavily wooded area .
an old lawn mower with the handles off was parked by the door .
he was quite far away , diagonally across the lawns , on the north - south path , about a hundred and fifty yards in the distance .
he was aware that a number of jamaicans sitting about on the lawn were looking at him ; he was sure , disapprovingly .
and during the nights , mcauliff found a protective bonus he had neither asked for nor expected : floyd and lawrence alternated patrols around the lawns and in the corridors of the bengal court motel .
as he turned the corner into the outside alcove where the machine was situated , he was suddenly aware of a figure behind the latticework that fronted the lawn .
both men rolled out of the alcove onto the lawn .
moore scanned the area , refocusing the zeiss ikon lenses as he covered the sides and the sloping back lawn of piersalls house .
to the east of the old pasture of high grass , where barak lay , the gently sloping back lawn had been carved out of the forests and the fields , seeded with a caribbean fescue that was as smooth as a golf course ; the rocks , painted a shiny white , gave the appearance of whitecaps in a green sea .
breathing heavily , they stood at the southern border of piersall 's sloping lawn and looked up at the house called ' high hill ' .
light spilled out of the teak shutters in two areas of the house : the downstairs back room opening onto the lawn and the centre bedroom on the second floor .
barak and floyd had crept to the edge of the tall grass bordering the elegant lawn .
the animal lurched out onto the lawn and raced towards the hysterical sounds and all - too - human odours .
the doberman streaked across the lawn and sprang headlong over the border of the field and into the tall grass .
a yelping howl suddenly drowned out the man - made bellowing ; the guard ran to the edge of the lawn , his rifle raised to fire .
the guard spun around to the water ; whitehall slammed alex out of the way , raced along the edge of the grass , and suddenly leaped out on the lawn at the black patrolman .
barak and floyd raced out from the high grass onto the lawn .
outside , mcauliff started across the strangely peaceful lawn , with the blue - green light of the pool illuminating the stately wrought - iron furniture .
alex wondered if they could see him ; he was running as fast as he could towards the seemingly impenetrable wall of forest beyond the sloping lawn .
mcauliff hurled himself into the air , into the sudden growth of dense foliage that bordered the lawn .
he waddled back and forth by the wooded border of the lawn ; he was pacing nervously , as if afraid to be alone .
then , farther beyond , a white man ran across the lawn from around the corner of the west wing .
he stood immobile on the lawn ; he was waiting for someone .
on the lawn , by the corner of the building , sam tucker turned and saw the racing lawrence .
they picked up the objects , spoke briefly again , and started for the lawn .
at 2.30 alison touched his arm and nodded towards the alabaster portico across the lawn .
they walked on the green lawn in front of the cottage that was called a villa and looked out at the sea .
there was a brown lawn in front and parking lots at both sides .
there was a flagpole dead center on the lawn .
the lawn was thick , green and neatly trimmed .
he sat in a white metal lawn chair next to a small table with a small umbrella , a few feet from the edge of the pool .
near a flower bed , a circular lawn sprinkler rattled and hissed and spewed forth water in a perfect arc which included the table , umbrella , chair and lamar quin .
mitch surveyed the back lawn , in part to make sure the neighbors could not see .
mitch surveyed the spacious lawn in search of the outside faucet .
` ` your lawn looks great , '' she said .
the lawn had been manicured by a kid down the street .
he could also operate the lawn sprinkler , but usually let mr . rice do it .
the lawns were tiny with little grass , but the dirt was neatly swept .
the short , narrow driveways seemed inches apart and were filled with old pickups and rusted lawn furniture .
mitch backed the rented mitsubishi jeep over the curb , across the small lawn and up to the front door .
she missed the shady streets and neat lawns and the small gangs of children riding bicycles .
settle down in the suburbs , raise kids , and mow the lawn ? ''
his senses grew acute , and he expertly surveyed the trees and lawns .
the car was moving slowly as the driver pitched newspapers from his rolled - down window onto the lawns and driveways of the neighborhood .
her gaze swept over the flower beds , the rolling lawns , the tree - rimmed parking lots , and the office structures where so many highly educated and intelligent people labored .
he and tremont were sitting in the dark sunroom that looked out over the nighttime deck and grassy lawn .
in the front lawn stood a white metal for sale sign rusting around the edges .
there was no showroom , only a wood - sided sales office where a man wearing sunglasses and a polyester suit sat in a lawn chair in front , reading a newspaper .
beyond the porch , on the lawn off to the left , were the two remaining guards relaxing in adirondack chairs , smoking and chatting , their rifles across their knees .
the taller guard flicked his cigarette onto the grassy lawn and stood .
outside on the lawn in the center of the sprawling complex that was blanchard pharmaceuticals ' headquarters , an audience of dignitaries sat in white folding chairs at the back of the raised platform , waiting eagerly for the formalities of this notable occasion to begin .
pivoting swiftly , blue rose and walked haltingly across the hospital 's short stretch of zoysia lawn and into the wide thoroughfare that led to the square proper .
' oh , my god , they 're pissing all over the lawn - his landscaping ! . '
he was amused at the sight of a croquet lawn bordered by white wrought - iron furniture ; he was less amused by the sight of a marine guard dressed in the casual , unmilitary uniform of the estate 's staff .
' there 's a croquet lawn , i ' ve seen that . '
now there remained for the ageing educator a more passive game that had been a minor passion with the winters family for generations , initially making its appearance on the lawn of their mansion in oyster bay during the early twenties .
the game was croquet , and whenever any member of the family built a new property , among the first considerations was a proper lawn for the very official course that never deviated from the 40 - y 75 - foot dimensions prescribed by the national croquet association in 1882 .
so one of the sights that caught the eye of a visitor to dr winters ' estate was the croquet lawn to the right of the enormous house above the waters of the chesapeake .
they walked outside on to a flagstone patio that joined a manicured lawn and a path leading down to the dock .
later there were at least two dozen others i tried unsuccessfully to raise backing from for the middle east and some of them are on that list - why , i do n't know , but i do know all those lives are being lived in the suburbs with green lawns and country clubs and colleges they can barely afford for their kids .
yelled a voice from the front lawn .
opening the door , he aimed the car over the large front lawn towards the milling guards talking with the congressman and leaped out of the racing vehicle on to the gravel .
one , his left hand no more than a bleeding stump , had summoned rage , his weapon on automatic fire as he lurched across the lawn towards the priestly terrorist who was laughing insanely , his submachine gun spitting fire .
all he saw was a company truck and two gardeners in overalls who proceeded to mow the lawns . '
' i repeat , ' said kendrick , leading the physician across the lawn to the circular drive .
the lawns , the gothic buildings , even the punters who glided along the cam under the stone arches of the bridges and the branch curtains of the weeping willows , propelling their small boats with long poles .
if the side - strafing from the m60 was not sufficient , the assassins wanted them to know that they could easily lower the powerful blades of the undermounted propeller over them , like a gigantic lawn mower , destroying the car and decapitating its inhabitants .
the town houses were historic and picturesque ; the small lawns manicured ; the streets covered by ancient oaks and maples .
perhaps he would just hire a lawn maintenance company .
dozens of products - a lawn mower , a burned - out frame of a toyota celica , a drill press , a defective life vest , a crumpled ladder .
the flower beds along the front of the house were weedless and received daily care , and between them and the road the long wide lawn was thick and well cut .
margaret , wiley , and i had a sandwich in the gazebo on the courthouse lawn .
calia ruffin met me at the low swing - gate that opened into her immaculate front lawn .
they refused to judge a place that had kept them in inferior schools , kept them on one side of the tracks , kept them from voting and eating in most restaurants and drinking water from the fountain on the courthouse lawn .
the room was on the second floor , with large windows that looked upon the east side of the courthouse lawn .
much of the crowd lingered on the courthouse lawn , smoking , gossiping , predicting how long a verdict would take .
at various places on the courthouse lawn , food and refreshments were being served .
many brought food and drink and most had folding lawn chairs as if they were there to watch a baseball game .
a loud cheer went up on the far side of the lawn where coley 's supporters were camped .
the front lawn was covered with two large white tents , and at times the crowd spilled from under them .
thick woods began just beyond the wide lawn around the house , and there was a good chance whoever pulled the trigger had climbed a tree and had a perfectly concealed view of poor lenny .
her small red - brick house had no front porch to speak of , so her neighbors were scattered around the carport in folding lawn chairs .
others were in lawn chairs out on the grass .
there they watched and listened to the crowd of friends and neighbors camped out on the front lawn , protecting mr . youry .
his sentries out front rolled over in their lawn chairs , clawed around for their guns , and hid low in the grass as the blacks cats bounced and popped in a smoky frenzy .
there was ice cream , lemonade , barbecue , cotton candy - the usual food and snacks on the courthouse lawn .
outside , ice - cold rain fell in sheets from a dark gray sky , spattering against the tall windows overlooking the south lawn .
knife - edge shards of glass cascaded onto the pavements and lawns far below .
for a short time he stared out across the south lawn , noting the squads of heavily armed guards in helmets and body armor now patrolling openly around the grounds .
the gardens were sculptured and bursting with color , the lawns greener than a brown cat 's eyes , the great house and the stables washed in white , the horses curried until they glistened .
he could see the lights of the main house filtered through the trees , the beginning of a large expanse of lawn clearer with each step .
but getting across the stretch of lawn to the shadows of the drive on the right side of the house might well be .
vasili crept back to the edge of the lawn , stood up , breathed deeply , and started across the grass .
he drove down toward salem harbor , drawn as he was always drawn , toward the water , not precisely sure what be was looking for until he saw it : a shield - shaped sign on the lawn of a small hotel .
it 's all over my gohdahm front lawn . ''
it is rich and pampered , replete with grand mansions , manicured lawns , glittering blue pools , tennis courts , and serrated ranks of english gardens in stunning bloom under the summer sun .
in front of the antebellum mansion was a huge manicured lawn sloping down to a boathouse and a long dock , the pier stretching out over the bay 's gentle waters , gentle when the atlantic was at peace with itself , dangerous when it was not .
bray had exclaimed , as later they walked across the lawn .
guards patrolled the grounds , including the lawns and the terraces below ; nothing , no one , could approach them .
` ` children of neighboring estates camping out on the lawns , several drunks who were turned back after parties , and a couple of fishermen trespassing on private property , again all intercepted . ''
roared scofield , racing across the lawn above the boathouse as fast as his aging legs would permit .
` ` all those things you did n't care to do - or could n't do , like running sixty yards across a lawn . ''
what neither man knew as they walked across the lawn at sundown on chesapeake bay was that in an unmapped airstrip on the outskirts of havre de grace , maryland , a black hawk soa helicopter with the identical markings as those that flew north from langley , virginia , was preparing to be airborne , heading south .
it was swiftly apparent : the estate 's great house , the mansion that overlooked the enormous lawn and the boathouse .
the two figures ran across the descending lawn as the mocked - up silent horse continued its reign of terror .
what each saw was a mansion on the banks of lake como , complete with manicured lawns , a pier , an immense yacht moored in the water , and fountains everywhere .
it was to a midafternoon ` ` buffet and croquet '' with drinks on the yacht following the strenuous lawn exercises .
several buffet tables with the finest linen and silver were scattered about the immense manicured lawn by the lake .
and behind a long polished table in front of a wide - paneled window that overlooked the manicured lawn at sundown was carlo paravacini .
the powerful engine roared as cameron shifted into gear and sped over the lawn and out to the lake road , tires screeching and grass flying .
at first it amused them until strips and pieces of human flesh began falling over the lawns and the yacht .
a sprinkler system erupted , cascading sprays arcing everywhere , as a lawns keeper flashlight in hand , rode in an electric cart checking the sprinklers in this unusually dry autumn .
the lawns keeper turned the cart around and accelerated toward matareisen .
the telescope focused on the paravacini compound revealed the imposing yacht at the dock , behind it deserted lawns with none of the myriad fountains operating .
the car continued down the road , the engine off , and coasted onto the lawn at the left side of the enormous house , unseen by anyone on the yacht .
the third and fourth guards stepped out on the grass , silently closed the doors , and crept along the exterior wall of the mansion until they reached the wide expanse of the exposed south lawn .
in the distance , on the lawns beyond the port side of the yacht , men raced between the statues , hunters in pursuit of the priest or the false priest who carried the package from barcelona .
a voice from the far lawn shouted back in italian .
for the record , i ' m sure he 'll take a picture of the body on the lawn , and together with the other photographs , the sequence will be clear .
creeping through the foliage , the estate 's manicured lawn only feet away , scofield came into view .
holding their breaths , they sprayed each at close range and , as each started to collapse , they propelled the body into the interior lawn of the circular drive .
the other angles would either show you on the lawn or are too tough to shoot from . ''
say you want to mow a lawn like out there on the mall . ''
` ` the electronic solution would be to use a few giant lawn mowers , and each would cut thousands of blades of grass every second .
finally there were the corpses of wild birdssparrows , hawks , jayswhich lay scattered on the lawns , broken dolls flung from the sky , killed by the blast or resulting fire .
it was a plain , brick two - story building with a small green lawn in the front next to howard street .
the lawn was covered with people milling about .
his front lawn is neatly mowed and there are a few shrubs lining the narrow front porch .
some of the homes are quite handsome , with manicured lawns and luxury cars glistening in the driveways .
they planted trees in the front lawns and built patios over the rear ones .
she nods at the window overlooking the rear lawn .
the rear lawn is heavily shaded with trees as old as she .
in addition to the money , she receives from me a commitment to assist with various chores around the place , -primarily lawn and garden work .
it 's late afternoon , the shadows are falling across the back lawn .
dot is standing on the cluttered porch , cigarette cocked with filter tip just inches from her lips , a bluish fog drifting lazily from above her head across the front lawn .
under her guidance , i manhandle the first hundred - pound bag into the wheelbarrow and follow her around the house and down the drive and across the front lawn to a scrawny little flower bed near the street .
as i wait for her to finish in the kitchen , i stare across the small green patch of lawn , around the monument of mulch , to my apartment sitting innocently above the garage .
her bedroom light goes off , and i ease down the rickety steps and tiptoe barefoot across the wet lawn to a shredded hammock swinging precariously between two small trees .
we walk him across the lawn , and ease him into it .
i remove two folding lawn chairs from my trunk , borrowed from miss birdie 's garage , and i help donny ray into one of them .
dot allows us to use her patio furniture , then she locates three stained and mildewed lawn chairs in the utility room .
it 's saturday morning , and the hum of distant lawn mowers and hedge trimmers echoes through the neighborhood .
the front lawn is deep and wide and heavily shaded .
across the table , on the opposite wall , three large windows , from floor to ceiling , looked upon the courthouse lawn , still green and fresh though summer had ended over a month ago .
they lived in a nice suburb with a manicured lawn and a ninety - thousand - dollar mortgage , and they each drove japanese cars , both of which were paid for .
one wall in the front room had pictures of available opportunities thumbtacked to a corkboard - mainly little brick houses with neat lawns and a few run - down duplexes .
it was too early , but in less than an hour the lawns would be busy with leaf rakers and the sidewalks busy with children .
the narrow front lawn and sidewalk in front of the building were strewn with charred debris and piles of soggy clothing .
brilliant red and gold maple trees covered the front lawn .
terrified , screaming , a split - second away from death , she leaped into the boxwood hedge that surrounded the house next to the widow 's , the stiff , prickly branches scraping at her sweatpants - covered legs , and rolled over an dover on the small lawn .
instead of a simple lawn , though , the expanse of land was terraced with rows of cacti and lush wildflowers , protected by a high wrought - iron fence .
the lawn was newly mown , flower gardens well tended .
` ` but have you seen what 's going on herecthe child refugees on the lawn ?
the helicopter 's nose moved to the right , the tail to the left , and then it started rolling out of the bay and onto the snow - covered lawn , coolly illuminated by the moonlight .
my living room was now furnished with two lawn chairs and a plastic storage box used as a coffee table / footstool .
four huge oaks shaded the front lawn .
most of the houses were still owned by people he knew , or if those folks had passed on the new owners kept the lawns clipped and the shutters painted .
the front lawn had been cut within the past few days , and the judge 's old black lincoln was parked in the rear , but other than those two pieces of evidence there was no sign that anyone had lived there for many years .
ray flinched slightly and his heart stopped , but forrest was gazing at the front lawn and did n't notice .
as they watched the shadows fall across the long front lawn of maple run , ray said , as nonchalantly as possible , ` ` looks like he gave all his money away . ''
the assailant had entered from the rear lawn where there was mud and for some reason had chosen to leave through the front door .
the felon who cut the lawn once a week .
` ` we had a case once , '' she said , gazing across the front lawn .
they were hard at work when he arrived , their trucks and ladders and tools covering the front lawn and blocking the driveway .
ray stopped to read a historical marker on the courthouse lawn , then turned once more to look at his little audi .
the wide front lawn ended at the highway , and beyond it was the beach and the water .
he darted to his car , cranked it , spun ruts down the front lawn , and finished his escape .
as ray stepped over a water line and eased onto the front lawn , he breathed the unmistakable odor of gasoline .
they sat in the shade , in metal lawn chairs that ray had once painted red , and ate tamales .
it was bitterly cold outside , hardly a night for taking a stroll around the rolling lawn behind the dacha .
as he began to spell out the word , he noticed that the gru man , lieutenant kundrov , was coming across the lawn toward them .
spying a low yew hedge that bordered the circular drive , he dropped to the ground and crawled on his hands and knees along the lawn .
maybe two feet wide with rounded sides , pale in color , tight to the ground , like one of those robotic lawn mowers he 'd once seen advertised .
to get that picture , the photographer had been standing on their back lawn .
she moved delicately across the lawn and stopped at the bottom of the cement steps , like she was waiting for him to come down to her .
he glanced at the crowd and went down the steps to the lawn .
she walked him onto the lawn .
he stepped over and looked out of the window at the lawn .
the old suitcase was toppling end over end out onto the front lawn .
it was full of garage things , mowers and hoses and lawn chairs , but they were all old things , the belongings of a man who stopped buying new gizmos twenty years ago .
reacher glimpsed the guy with the beretta , way off to his left on the front lawn , spinning to look at them .
the suitcase was still there , lying on the front lawn .
children 's bicycles were sprawled on a lawn .
like a gigantic flying lawn mower ?
it showed armstrong in his heavy overcoat walking across the community center lawns .
the yard had a lawn that was partly dead .
there were low bare trees and open brown lawns .
they were on a lawn .
the graveyard lawn was dead under their feet .
there was a front lawn of hibernating grass with an antique horse buggy parked on it .
dormant lawn , the post - and - rail fence , then dirt all the way to the horizon .
the white mailbox with duncan on it , the hibernating lawn , the antique horse buggy .
they swarmed straight in , climbing the fence in unison , moving across the dormant lawn on a broad front , coming in wide of the remington 's potential trajectory .
the front lawn was dry and brittle with cold .
best move would be for the guy to be inside the barn , off centre , maybe six feet from the door , sitting easy in a lawn chair with a shotgun across his knees , just waiting for his target to step through in a bar of bright light .
moving a few blocks east we find , beneath us , a low , rambling structure branching out from a central hub that occupies , with its wide , rising breadth of lawn dotted here and there with tall oaks and maples , the whole of a block lined with bushy hedges in need of a good trim .
head slightly elevated upon a pillow , charles burnside looks raptly out over a brief expanse of lawn to a row of maple trees at the beginning of an extensive woods .
yesterday , this was , when the doc was in goltz 's , looking at riding lawn mowers .
as the day winds down and afternoon wears into evening , the cylindrical shadows of the six - pack will fall first over the sign on the balding lawn facing the drive , then the building , then the parking lot .
the sky above is cloudless ; the well - watered lawn is green ; there is nary a sign of slippage , not out here on herman street .
like that little fairfield porter over there , with the front porch and a lawn and the flowers . ''
sprayed across the sign on the bare lawn suggest that 1 ) troy spends a lot of time listening to kdcu - am , and 2 ) maryann loves him back .
then there 's nothing but the distant drone of a lawn mower and the closer drone of a bee .
it 's good old fred marshall , bought a deere lawn tractor from him just the year before last .
outside on the lawn , the predance wingding is winding down .
wendell feels an unwelcome trickle of self - doubt , but he is not about to assume that beezer and his louts have a sudden yearning for tractor hitches and riding lawn mowers .
to him trees and lawns and fields that roll all the way to the horizon are the norm .
charlie was lying on her side on the verge of the motel lawn , knees drawn up nearly to her chin , hands between them .
longmont , virginia : the shop 1 two handsome southern plantation homes faced each other across a long and rolling grass lawn that was crisscrossed by a few gracefully looping bike paths and a two - lane crushed - gravel drive that came over the hill from the main road .
a large bay window gave a magnificent view of the back lawn , the barn , and the duckpond , which was partially screened with alders .
rich mckeon was halfway down the lawn , sitting astride a miniature tractor - lawnmower .
flames had already crawled across the lawn to the ivy trellis ; fingers of fire began to climb the ivy with the agility of a boy on midnight business .
the fire sirens were very close by the time he had got it started and driven it across the lawn to the road .
it came down softly , like a parachute , and outlined wanless 's jutting and now tideless nose in white lawn .
all up and down the street , lawn sprinklers twirled lazily , fanning water onto the grass and rainbows into the air .
a lawn sprinkler twirled .
that august day , the thunderheads began to pile up shortly after noon , but nobody who worked on the grounds of the two handsome antebellum homes which faced each other across the rolling expanse of green lawn and manicured flowerbeds believed that the thunderheads were telling the truth - not the groundsmen astride their lawnboys , not the woman who was in charge of computer subsections a - e ( as well as the computer - room coffee - maker ) , who took one of the horses and cantered it lovingly along the well - kept bridle paths during her lunch hour , certainly not cap , who ate a hero sandwich in his air - conditioned office and went right on working on next year 's budget , oblivious of the heat and humidity outside .
` ` a walk on the lawn .
but cap was staring out at the back lawn and the alders and his face looked saggy and confused and old , the face of a man who has been seduced into thinking of other , perhaps happier , times .
he glanced out at the back lawn with that drifting , remembering expression on his face .
the first leaves fell , rattling across the neatly manicured lawns and grounds for the indefatigable corps of groundskeepers to remove in the morning .
at twelve - thirty rainbird strolled slowly across the still - green lawn to the low , l - shaped stable with its dark - red paint - the color of drying blood - and its brisk white piping .
he was aware that rainbird could probably hold them here until the fellow he had seen running across the lawn brought back help , but somehow he did n't think that was what this man wanted .
she began to walk toward the nearer of the two houses , which stood a little distance in front of a barn as perfect as the picture on a country calendar and facing its mate across the expanse of lawn .
they ran across the lawn toward the fence , veered away from the deaths of electricity and yapping , leaping dogs , and then milled like frightened sheep .
heat baked across the lawn at charlie .
white fog drifted across the green lawn , and the bright autumn sun cast crazy arcs of rainbow in the cottony moisture .
other people were moving on the lawn , but not many .
i 'd gotten my lawn chairs and table set up on the patio a week before , when i 'd decided it was going to stay spring for good , so after getting my papers from the little - used front doorstep , i carried my first cup out to the patio .
i pulled in and crossed the street and then the lawn , dreading to reach lizanne and find out why her face was so contorted and why there were stains on her hose , especially at the knees ... she did n't know i was there .
i managed to shut this door , this white - painted suburban front door with the brass knocker , and as i plodded across the buckleys ' lawn to the nearest neighbors , i looked longingly at my chevette .
jack burns got out of the squad car that pulled up on the lawn .
by and by , a woman from the corner house on the other side of the street started up a lawn mower and that wonderful summer sound made me feel relaxed .
thanks for taking such good care of the lawn . ''
she had a little place not quite as nice as jane 's , in a neighborhood where the lawns were n't kept as well .
i could see their old garden plot and some clear lawn .
maybe the yard crew that did the lawn at the town houses ?
he was looking back over his shoulder at the red - haired boy smoking on the lawn .
i pushed a folding lawn chair in her direction .
martin and i had been sitting out on the lawn the evening before , looking at the house and talking about our plans .
it was like a lawn party for law enforcement personnel in spalding county .
lanier asked from the front lawn .
a collective sigh seemed to go up from the people on my front lawn .
' course , we mow the lawn and take care of the little repairs , but if something big goes wrong , we call ... '' and she stopped dead .
there were two cheap lawn chairs on the rolling platform ( with steps built in ) that had been pushed up to the makeup trailer .
they 'd laid claim to the lawn chairs , and people who moved in and out of the makeup trailers had to work around them .
she plopped down into one of the lawn chairs , draping her head and neck with yet another towel .
moosie screeched and bit and drew blood on cara 's chest , and the barking of the dogs in the house reached a frantic crescendo as cara staggered backward , ending up near the lawn furniture again .
there were lights on in the houses as we passed ; neatly - cut lawns and old front porches .
she pulls herself up to sit on the wide ledge , looking out over the neat lawn .
ak is sitting confidently on the witness chair like he 's slouched on the front steps before class , watching cheerleading practice across the lawn .
i would catch a glimpse of him in the hallways sometimes , heading to class with some new , adoring girl beside him , or hanging out on the front lawn after school tossing a football around with his buddies .
elise asks as we head down the steps onto the front lawn .
we eat lunch together in the shade of the far trees on the east lawn and toil over our homework at coffee shops downtown .
he 's trying to sound casual , like we 're hanging out in a coffee shop or on the front lawn at school , and not in a prison block with two armed guards keeping watch over our every move .
the lawn was manicured with a curved walk that led up to the front door .
still , they moved in tandem briskly and reached the forested lawn on the north side of the church of ascension .
utkin waved to a man seated in a lawn chair at the end .
christopher led them along a path that took them to the rear of the church and across a broad , well - manicured lawn .
standing on a windswept wide lawn , he hauled back his arm and whipped the red kong ball across the field .
as he crossed the lawn , his phone rang .
they spelled out the hopes and dreams for the nkomo brothers : luxury safari tours tucker crossed the damp lawn and climbed the newly whitewashed porch steps .
and in the long grass of the front lawn , a dozen people stood in a circle between the yuccas and saguaros , their faces lighted by the candles in their hands , flames quivering in the evening wind blowing in from the desert .
an overgrown lawn that had n't seen care in years .
he could still feel the sting of the bat in his palms when he cracked it against his father 's head , still see the blood that spurted out of split skin like a lawn sprinkler .
i walked past tool - laden metal shelves and took a seat in a green lawn chair near the double doors .
he 'd cuffed my ankle with a leg iron , bolted to the floor beneath the lawn chair .
he pushed me back down into the lawn chair .
` ` it 's an old lawn mower blade , '' orson said .
as i sat down in the lawn chair , orson turned back to jeff and held up the knife and the revolver .
leaving the chair , i walked to the window , which looked across the lawn and , farther down , the lake .
across the street , an old man sat in a chair on his front porch , smoking a pipe and watching a crew of teenagers blow the leaves on his lawn into a brown pile .
in the center of her lawn , against the ashen late - october sky , a silver maple exploded in burnt orange .
even the yard had turned into a jungle , and i did n't doubt mom had fired the lawn service i 'd hired for her .
` ` is that lawn service not coming anymore ? ''
walter pulled his cadillac into the gravel parking lot adjacent to the sallow lawn behind the house .
i pictured them in full , fiery color , littered across the street and through the lawns , turning this small new england neighborhood into a mystical universe all its own .
a split - rail fence enclosed the front lawn , and flowers grew along a brick walkway that curved from the driveway to the front porch .
when my feet hit the grass on the other side , i stayed on all fours , scanning the lawn for a doghouse , listening for the jingle of a chain .
a stone patio with white plastic lawn chairs extended from the back of the house .
a monster oak stands in the center of the lawn , an elaborate tree house built twenty feet up upon its staunchest limbs .
back and forth she swung , still fifty feet above the lawn , a pendulum for the lighthouse .
mullins lumbered off toward the white - jacketed csi techs , violet glanced over her shoulder at a woman who stood weeping in the street at the edge of the worthingtons ' lawn .
wild beach grass had overrun the lawn and two ancient live oaks guarded the house , their gnarled branches nearly touching the disintegrating masonry of the third floor like arthritic fingers .
after an hour of watching them sit there , inert , i crawled back toward the wood , fully concealed in the luxuriance of weeds that had subjugated the front lawn .
nothing human moving through the village , among the house skeletons , the trees still manic , the grasses waving , pools forming on the lawn , creeks flooding , the ocracoke light winking on across the inlet , and a knot in my stomach that waxed with the darkness .
a house burned on the corner up ahead , flames shooting out of the dormers , the branches of an overhanging cottonwood fringed with embers while molten leaves rained down into the lawn .
three houses down , the headlights swept over two trucks that had pulled onto the lawn of an expansive adobe house .
sitting on the screened back porch and watching the lawn sprinklers water the fescue .
he saw a dilapidated swingset , a pair of lawn chairs shaded by an umbrella , and closer to the house , a thirty - foot steel antenna mast .
* * * when i open my eyes again , i ' m lying out on the front lawn and my mother is with me , along with river .
lia took my hand in hers and led me from the back porch onto the lawn .
it was getting dark enough that i could n't make out the exact expression on his face from across the lawn , but i could imagine the stubborn set of his jaw .
dean stayed at the edge of the lawn , but i could feel his eyes on me .
` ` i ' m standing here outside of colonial university in northern virginia , where today , the sixty - eight hundred students who comprise the colonial student body saw one of their own brutally murdered - and gruesomely displayed on the university president 's lawn . ''
the car and the body were found parked on colonial president larry vernon 's front lawn early this morning .
you the president 's lawn was a nice touch .
` ` i had to make some modifications to the car specs , '' sloane said , pulling her hair into a tight ponytail as she stopped in front of a battered car parked on the lawn of a set designed to look like a park .
the grass is one and one - quarter inch tall , slightly less uniform than the crime scene lawn .
` ` the unsub did n't do all that on the front lawn of the university president 's house , '' i said .
it was getting dark enough that i could n't make out much of her posture or the look on her face , but as she cut across the lawn , michael tilted his head to the side .
did you plan to leave her on the president 's lawn ?
i was so caught up in thought that i almost did n't see the figure creeping across the front lawn .
the lawn was overgrown , but the flower beds had clearly been weeded .
the inside of the simms house contrasted sharply with the overgrown front lawn .
left on a public lawn ? ''
i stared at the tricycle on the lawn , wondering about the people who had bought this place .
the lawn was overgrown - maybe it 's his way of striking out at his mother , even as he does her bidding in everything else .
the president 's front lawn . ''
how many moving parts did he set in motion before emerson 's body was found on that lawn ?
michael dancing with me on the lawn .
she pulled the two of us out onto the lawn , her hips swaying to the beat of the music , her eyes daring me to object .
i heard dean walk across the lawn .
ahead of me stretched the chateau lawn , and walking across it i felt a strange crawling sensation in my belly that i knew to be nostalgia for the time i had spent at this chateau in my youth , when reginald had ... ... continued my father 's teachings ?
i turned before i knocked , to look back across the lawn , where the two guards stood watching me .
i had trained on that lawn , spent countless hours honing my sword skills .
we would n't have made it across the lawn before they cut us down . ''
so we waited , and hoped they 'd do what they eventually did , which was to send out a search party for the missing patrol , three of them , who came bearing torches and drawn swords , marching across the dark lawn with torchlight dancing on grim faces .
but whatever instinct he had was n't enough to keep him alive , and moments later we were ducking through the wicket gate and keeping low to make our way across the lawn .
fifty - two the imperial park to the east of haghia sofia was laid out in formal gardens , interspersed with verdant lawns dotted with white marble benches and arbors ideal for private meetings , and in one of them he soon found sofia .
in the point they had block parties , sure , but they were always planned , the necessary permits obtained , everyone making sure everyone else was careful around the cars , careful on the lawns watch it , i just painted that fence .
in the flats , half the people did n't have lawns , and the fences sagged , so what the fuck .
jazz would creep out softly through their window screens , and they 'd buy shit like port from eagle liquors , walk their little rat - dogs around the block , and have their tiny lawns sculpted .
often when he pulled past the guard kiosk and drove up the main road , striped every ten yards with yellow speed bumps that rattled his axles , sean could almost see the ghost streets and ghost neighborhoods and ghost lives the wingate residents had left behind , as if cold - water flats and dull white iceboxes , wrought - iron fire escapes and shrieking children floated through the present landscape of eggshell stucco and spiky lawns like a morning mist just beyond the limits of his peripheral vision .
for a good minute , neither of them said anything , and sean could hear crickets amid the hiss of the lawn sprinklers .
dave sat in a sagging lawn chair beside celeste and annabeth .
they stared up at the underside of the bridge , and gave off an air that said they 'd prefer to be left alone in their lawn chairs , thank you very much .
he pulled back with his arm as if he were pulling the cord on a rusty lawn mower , and then he opened his fingers and ray flew backward out of his hand and over the kitchen table .
jimmy watched them set down their coolers and radios and picnic baskets , and he waved to dan and maureen guden as they unfolded their lawn chairs in front of hennessey 's laundromat .
the main compound was composed of lawns and sculpted hedges , great shady oaks , scotch pines , and trim maples , apple trees whose fruit dropped to the tops of the wall in late autumn or tumbled onto the grass .
they continued on , climbing a slope that was steep and wild with sea grass before the land greened and softened around them , leveling out up top as the grass grew shorter , gave way to a more traditional lawn that spread back for several hundred yards before coming to a stop at a wall of orange brick that seemed to curve away the length of the island .
inside the wall , the lawn swept away from either side of a main path made from the same brick as the wall .
he went out through the screen door and crossed the lawn to the gazebo and walked up the steps and she watched him come , soaking wet , one leg dangling as she pushed the swing back and forth in a lazy tilt .
he heard the sound of the ferry horn as it neared the dock , and he saw cawley and the warden talking in the center of the lawn in front of the hospital and they nodded in acknowledgment and he nodded back .
he watched chuck raise his hand and shake his head at the same time and he saw cawley nod in acknowledgment and then cawley said something to the warden and they crossed the lawn toward teddy with four orderlies falling into step behind them , one of the orderlies holding a white bundle , some sort of fabric , teddy thinking he might have spied some metal on it as the orderly unrolled it and it caught the sun .
general nurses lunched on the lawn ; a man ran over one of the footbridges with a mammoth chocolate chow beside him .
it 's fought on cement , not lawns .
i shrugged and pulled over onto the lawn , completely confused .
we left the porsche and crossed the lawn , pausing a couple of times when angie 's heel caught the soft soil .
in those few moments of some of the most severe quiet i ' ve ever felt , i think if someone had sneezed they 'd have spent the rest of the day shoveling bodies off the lawn .
oscar talked to him in a low soft voice , as if there was nothing out of the ordinary going on , as if he was used to carrying on conversations with people who vomited all over their lawns .
the temperature had dropped into the mid - fifties by the time we arrived , but up and down prince street , men sat in front of shops and restaurants wearing only t - shirts or tank tops under open short - sleeves , leaning back in lawn chairs and smoking cigars or playing cards and laughing suddenly and violently as people do in neighborhoods they 're sure they own .
jason spent his days in class , usually arranged a nooner in his dorm room ( an arrangement he seemed to have worked out with his roommate , a stoner from oregon who held bong parties every night at seven when jason was out of the room ) , studied on the lawn until sunset , ate in the cafeteria with a tableful of women and no men , then hit the bars around bryce at night .
as we walked into the sunlight , angie slipped an arm through mine and we sat on the lawn under a tree and faced the doors through which jason would exit in a few minutes .
just ahead , a middle - aged couple sat on the lawn by the jogging path , a black scottish terrier lying beside the man 's knee as he petted it absently .
she 'd changed her hair back to its original blond and she was sitting in a lawn chair outside the black emerald wearing only a pink bikini bottom and the snow fell to either side of her and piled up by the chair , but only sun fell on her skin .
the legs of her lawn chair collapsed under the weight of the snow , and when i looked back i could just make out her form under drifts of soft white .
we watched the little muscular man walk down the path a bit before he stopped and seemed almost to jerk to his left and cut across the lawn toward the parking lot .
the great shadow of the prison wall cut across the lawn and darkened the grass and dolquist seemed wary of it .
erdham glanced at fields and fields hit a. button and said , ` ` sheila lawn .
` ` officer lawn , this is special agent barton bolton of the fbi .
` ` where 's evandro live , officer lawn ? ''
when i asked him what he was looking at , he said , ' what do you think about crucifixions , sheila lawn ? '
not officer lawn or ms .
lawn , but sheila lawn . ''
lawn , but sheila lawn . ''
on trevor stone 's back lawn , however , the wind screamed off the atlantic and the whitecaps churned , and the cold hit my face like pellets .
i crossed the lawn and stood beside him .
he pivoted on his cane and began walking back across the lawn toward the house .
we followed and i could see our reflections in the large panes of glass fronting his study - the decaying man who stiffened his back to the wind as his raincoat flapped around him and his cane searched for purchase on the frozen lawn ; on his left , a small , beautiful woman with dark hair blowing across her cheeks and the ravages of loss in her face ; and on his right , a man in his early thirties wearing a baseball cap , leather jacket , and jeans , a slightly confused expression on his face as he looked at the two proud , but damaged people beside him .
` ` in the month after her mother died , '' trevor told us after we came in off the lawn , ` ` desiree suffered two separate traumas , either of which would have devastated a girl on their own .
` ` see if she can get my leroy to mow the lawn . ''
i drove through the opening , and the gates closed behind me and my lights arced up ahead of us through the carefully manicured bushes and shrubs , curled left as the white gravel driveway snaked around an oval lawn with an enormous birdbath in its center , then broke gracefully to the right onto the main drive .
julian took a flashlight off the top of a bookcase and pushed the french doors open onto the back lawn .
with desiree gripping the back of my head and her gun against my neck , i was forced to bend to her height as we stepped off the lawn and followed a short pathway that led around the corner of a shed and an overturned wheelbarrow , broke through a thicket of trees and out into the garden .
we let ourselves out and followed the path along the back lawn as the sea grew still and quiet .
sometimes at night , we 'd bundle up in the clothes we 'd bought in portland the day after we arrived , and let ourselves out through the back door of our bungalow onto the lawn .
some placed lawn chairs on their small front porches ; others walked up the avenue toward bars or twilight ball games .
` ` prove it , '' he said , and turned away , walked along the pebbled path that led across a short lawn and back into the prison .
behind me , on the lawn , bubba made a great racket as he cast what remained of the door off his head and boomed that crazy laugh of his .
i came out on the lawn , and we jogged to his hummer .
the screen door bubba had destroyed last night lay in a tangle on the lawn , but the main door , a white wooden one with cracks in the center , had replaced it .
i swung out with my right arm , knocked angie off her feet and onto the lawn as i dove left .
i crouched by the low bushes along the foundation , but no one returned fire and poole 's back arched off the lawn and a mist of blood burst from his lips .
i knew if i looked back at her , i 'd never leave that lawn .
before i was even sure i 'd seen it , the deer hopped over the lawn and into the trees , and its white tail flashed once between two trunks and was gone .
it sat on a street of similarly sprawling homes with lawns the size of vancouver that glistened with dew from gently hissing sprinklers .
empty and surrounded by chain link with cyclone wire on top , it was littered with shattered green and brown beer bottles , lawn chairs caked with rust , fast - food wrappers , and a three - wheel shopping cart .
he jostled us aside and ran in a crouch across the lawns toward the redhead 's house .
even in a crouch , bubba running across your lawn is about as easy to miss as sputnik would be .
bubba used the sleeve of his trench coat to wipe the places he 'd touched in and outside the car , then he gently closed the door and scrambled back across the lawn and over to us .
we walked off the small porch and down into the yard , made our way between empty white tables and lawn sprinklers that were shut off , down to a small garden encased in brick that hosted a sickly array of dandelions and crocuses .
christopher dawe led us out to an enclosed rear porch that looked out upon his expansive swimming pool , expansive lawn , and a small liquid dime of a pond far off through a small stand of trees .
` ` but they blamed you , '' i said , and looked back across the lawn to the porch where christopher and carrie dawe sat with their afternoon tea and sections of the sunday paper .
i left him there and walked back across the great lawn toward the expansive porch .
i do n't like mowing lawns or trimming hedges or raking the mowed lawns or the hedge trimmings .
i do n't like mowing lawns or trimming hedges or raking the mowed lawns or the hedge trimmings .
brian corliss lived in reading on a maple - lined street with wide white sidewalks and lawns that looked like they shaved twice a day .
in front of the bushes on the front lawn stood a manger replica and figures of the three kings , mary , joseph , and a menagerie of animals arrayed around an empty cradle .
the front lawns were green , however , even in front of the vacant houses , so someone at the holding company still believed in proper upkeep .
they stood empty , though , the lawns and shrubs recently planted and green as shamrocks , even in december , but the driveways awaiting a paving crew .
beyond it , the great lawn of general seating rising into the dark sky under gently falling snow .
the lawns were trimmed to bright green stubble and several of the homes had wraparound porches and bright awnings .
because what luther hated most was that behind all this -- all this finery , all this newfound nobility , all the wing collars and preaching and handsome furniture and new - mown lawns and fancy cars -- lay fear .
across the street on the lawn of the common , a bunch of bughouse suffragette dames burned their girdles and their corsets and even a few bras and shouted , ` ` no vote , no citizenship !
on the front lawns facing beacon street , the twelfth and fifteenth regiments stood at parade rest .
luther had never met old deval in the flesh , but he 'd passed his place enough back when he 'd lived here to know deval always kept a few heaps for sale on his front lawn .
they burned a cross on one striker 's lawn , firebombed the house of another on seventeenth , and raped two female cigar workers walking home from the celestino vega factory .
chief figgis pulled up in his car and got out and walked up the redbrick path between the perfectly manicured lawn .
work their jobs , mow their lawns ?
outside she saw the moon rising over a stately castle , lighting its ancient bricks and magnificent lawns .
` ` but you know that , or else you 'd both be naked and fornicating on the front lawn . ''
she moved cautiously off the dock and up the lawn , but was n't halfway to the cottage before she began to regret not having grabbed the flashlight from jo .
the lawn lay before him , running about fifty feet down to the shoreline and stretching out about twice that width before reaching the thick line of trees that bordered each side .
a third woman , mortimer realized , and his eyebrows rose slightly as he watched her stumble clumsily down the lawn , muttering to herself .
they were both silent for a moment , eyes following their older sister as she pushed a lawn mower across the grass in front of the cottage .
she was obviously struggling to move the old mower up the slanted lawn .
he was usually a light sleeper , but that morning he 'd dropped off the moment his head hit the pillow and - despite being in a strange bed - he 'd slept right through ... until about twenty minutes ago , when he 'd woken to the raucous growl of their neighbor 's lawn mower .
this lawn mower 's muffler appeared to be broken ... if lawn mowers had mufflers , he thought with a scowl .
this lawn mower 's muffler appeared to be broken ... if lawn mowers had mufflers , he thought with a scowl .
it left a lovely shady spot to stand and peer through the trees at the lawn next door and the two women mowing it .
well , only one was mowing the lawn , he supposed .
he was quite positive that one of these times , in her mad dash after the lawn mower , sam would stumble and fall right into it .
he glanced to his wrist , but had taken his watch off before crawling into bed and had n't thought to retrieve it when the lawn mower noise had woken him .
` ` i guess they 're bothering our neighbor while she 's mowing the lawn . ''
mortimer saw his gaze narrow on the women on the lawn , and then decker admitted , ` ` in the two years since i bought the cottage , this is the first time i ' ve been here during high season .
a moment of silence passed , and then decker glanced at bricker and asked , ` ` did the lawn mower wake you up as well ? ''
the sudden silence as the growl of the lawn mower next door died reminded mortimer of the women .
it seemed they were done mowing the lawn .
` ` a beer at four p.m. after mowing the lawn in this heat hardly makes them party animals . ''
alex was back from the garage sans the lawn mower , and she and sam had each taken one of the bottles of golden liquid .
` ` it 's no louder than the lawn mower , really .
the clack of a screen door drew his attention to the neighboring lawn .
she grimaced as she said that , and then rushed on , ` ` then through the summer he cuts the lawn if we do n't come up for a couple of weeks and keeps an eye on the place .
` ` she looked a bit weak and pale as she crossed the lawn , and she 'll probably sleep all day while her body recuperates , but there was no lasting harm done . ''
` ` i ' m only going to be on the lawn .
decker 's gaze slid over the dew - kissed lawn .
when hazel paused on her knees and turned to peer back at them , john said , ` ` get out on the lawn .
` ` i heard that leo fellow say we 're right next door to where you were , '' hazel grunted breathlessly as they crossed the lawn .
the yard had been large and peaceful then ; a beautifully manicured lawn surrounded by trees softly swaying in a light breeze .
spooky or not , with all the security , she was definitely safer here than anywhere else , jo thought as she started out across the lawn .
that was the thought circling through her mind as she passed the window and spotted the men on the lawn .
she suddenly had a flash of the man she 'd seen on the lawn with mortimer and bricker .
it was when i saw you crossing the lawn with bricker and mortimer from my bedroom window .
however , the sight of two men crossing the lawn toward the building made her heart lurch up into her throat .
rising up on her tiptoes , she managed to peer out the high window and saw mortimer and bricker moving off across the lawn toward the house .
reassured to find the lawn empty and still , she hurried out of the office with determined strides .
` ` yes , but- '' ` ` and the big sign on the front lawn that says hillsdale veterinary clinic was a help , '' he interrupted dryly .
she 'd then gone through the other barns searching a good - sized one that held horses , and a henhouse full of sleeping chickens that had started stirring before she determined he was n't there and closed the door on the incredible stench coming from inside , and then she 'd checked the last barn to find it held a tractor , a riding lawn mower , and various other farm equipment but no sign of armand .
` ` yeah , well , do n't forget again , '' she suggested dryly , turning to start down the stairs to the front lawn .
` ` i do n't imagine you will , '' valerie said softly , noting that beyond the manicured lawn was what appeared to be a forest of trees .
rush outside and hide in the bushes , then sleep on the lawn furniture till morning ?
snatching up one of the towels that lay neatly folded on the lawn chair closest to the steps , anders carried it over to her .
he made his way around the outside of the splash of light on the lawn , determinedly not looking in the window again .
a jolt of adrenaline surged into her bloodstream , and claire raced across the open lawn to the front door of the fortresslike estate .
they progressed at a snail 's pace , trudging in silence out of the woods and back across the lawn to the manor house .
she swiveled her head and cried out with relief to see the broad green lawn and the stone - and - timber mansion that had been andreas 's darkhaven estate seated at the top of a gently sloping incline .
claire watched him start up the lawn .
he carried her across the lawn , to the open french doors of the house .
he was dreaming of emily , her fine blond hair , the swell of her bosom under the crisp white lawn of her morning dress ... ` ` andrew , '' she called and smiled at him .
one of my neighbors was outside looking at the damage to his lawn , but he went in when he saw me .
professor lyal asked again as he tried valiantly to get his alpha back on track across the wide lawn of woolsey 's extensive grounds , toward the castle proper .
spread out and down the long sloping green of woolsey 's well -tended lawn , a vast number of military - issue white canvas tents had sprouted , clearly visible under the almost ful moon .
several hundred yards from the tower , past a crumbling street lined with rusty cars and across another swampy lawn , a bristling fence rose out of the ground to scar the horizon .
keeping close to the ground , i hurried across the tangled , snowy lawn , feeling horribly exposed as i drew closer to the building .
we had a clear night sky and an empty lawn perfect for it .
the half moon was visible over the lawn .
an hour later , a broomstick settled gently on the lawn .
something skimmed across the leaves and landed on the lawn .
only to discover exactly where everyone had gone - outside onto the sweeping front lawn that led up to the cobbled courtyard of the castle .
` ` tunstell , '' alexia said calmly and reasonably , she thought , ` ` why are there tents on my front lawn ? ''
so that , well , one does n't wake up to find hundreds of soldiers camping on one 's lawn . ''
` ` and does this solidarity have to occur on woolsey 's front lawn ? ''
` ` alexia , did you know there is an entire regiment decamping on your front lawn ? ''
` ` why is there a regiment on your lawn ? ''
` ` i had unexpected squatters on my front lawn and an equally unexpected engagement to handle this evening .
` ` you left me with an entire regiment encamping on my front lawn , '' she finally remembered to accuse .
madame lefoux had not forgone her men 's garb , although she had formalized it for visiting , changing her colorful cravat for one of white lawn and her brown top hat for a black one .
lady maccon trailed her mother out of the parlor and down the front steps to find felicity , surrounded by a prodigious amount of baggage , on her front lawn .
` ` i was contemplating boxing or possibly lawn tennis . ''
he took my hand and we started walking through the grass , catching up to his hyper collie that was chasing his tail , ten feet up the lawn .
the late january air was chilly and a shiver went through my pajama clad body as i vigorously rubbed my arms , looking over teren 's sloping lawn .
sitting on my back patio , i enjoyed the views of the water with ashley as nika and julian played tag on the lawn .
from what was now family lore , teren had blurred over to her , tossed her on the front lawn , and would n't let her come back in the house until she apologized .
i grimaced , remembering walking in on them ` ` testing '' out my soundproof room last night ; i 'd nearly tossed them out on the lawn myself .
a plush , green lawn lined the drive , leading up to one of most impressive buildings i 'd ever seen .
i could tell that in the daylight , the pure white in the background would contrast artistically with the dark red brick and bright green lawns .
that night , onalexander 's lawn , there had beenanamazing group of partygoers -- a handful of vampires mixing withthe mortal local students .
i hurried past his gigantic pool and gazebo and ran through the pristinely mowed lawn .
no windows in sight , broken or otherwise just a view of uncut lawn and a fence line that seemed far too close to the end of the building .
a fleet of artsy reindeer made out of some kind of white twigs and glowing with tiny lights graced the lawn .
destiny gaped at the two elderly women as they patted an empty lawn chair insistently .
even the green - and - white striped lawn chairs .
turned her to jelly right there in the silly lawn chair .
destiny found the sisters in their usual spot on the sidewalk with their lawn chairs set out and ready for company .
he was going to have to post a sign on the lawn stating that all males courting alexandria houton did so at their own peril .
before he could close the door , he saw the heavily muscled wolf stalking him across the lawn .
even as dayan jerked the door shut , corinne gasped and pulled lisa away from the house , across the lawn , back toward the car .
with an oath he paced from one side of the lawn to the other , peering down toward his feet .
he took possession of the suitcases and made certain the house was securely locked before following her down the brick pathway and across the large expanse of immaculate lawn .
corinne walked across the uneven lawn toward the spot where the lights were set up in the middle of the wooded park .
he was n't even certain what actually happened , but when he tried to continue his forward momentum to reach corinne , his legs turned to rubber and he found himself sitting abruptly on the edge of the grassy lawn .
he looked down at the crimson stain spreading across his chest and then up at frank before he fell onto his knees and then face down , half on the rocks and half on the lawn .
can you make my front lawn , that ugly brownish patch , into this ? ''
josef stumbled backward , stabbing at the wolf 's head with his paintbrush as he did so , tripped over his own feet , and fell to the lawn screaming , crab - walking backward .
helena twisted in midair , shape - shifting completely , landing on all fours on the rolling lawn .
antonietta rose , placing her body between her cousin and the expanse of lawn .
she was across the lawn , and the mist clung to her , curling around her legs and body .
tasha glanced back and winced as she saw the black ring on the lawn where the jaguar had been .
lucan 's vision burned amber as he stared across the expansive lawn at the pale limestone facade of the gothic mansion .
he 'd lived a long time - nine hundred years and then some - but for however long he 'd walk this earth , he knew he would never forget the sight of sterling chase strolling out of the mansion and squarely into the aim of a lawn full of heavily armed cops and federal agents .
not that he 'd given a shit about bad ideas and doomed outcomes when he 'd offered himself up to the police on the front lawn of the order 's estate earlier that day .
with a screeching wail of rubber on asphalt , both of the order 's rovers surged up onto the parklike lawn of the vice president 's compound .
mary - lynnette tilted herhead toward the farmhouse - her hands were full of lawn chair .
mary - lynnette put the lawn chairdown .
she reached for the bag of cheetos she kept under her lawn chair .
snow flurries whirled over the street and drifted like feathers down to the lawn .
it was the kind of place the garden district was famous for - lush lawns , shimmering swimming pools and hidden courtyards all wrapped up in the unmistakable air of southern gentility .
the pecan trees in the front lawn were black against a deep purple sky , and it had started to mist .
he grabbed his maglite from the glove box and walked down the driveway to the garage , aiming the light inside and over the lawn .
i waved my hand toward the lawn furniture , and we sat in the chairs , already placed at a companionable angle .
he looked away , over the flowers and bushes and lawn .
dusty 's dad owned a fleet -- okay , a small fleet -- of lawn tractors and weed eaters , and every summer a group of bon temps high school boys earned their walking - around money working for mr . kolinchek .
there was a thin strip of lawn and two bedraggled shrubs to either side of the wide steps .
the drone of a lawn mower and the whoosh from passing cars was muffled through the glass .
there are swing sets , aboveground pools , bikes on the lawns , and cars parked on the curb .
` ` fifteen ninety - three , '' i muttered , glancing at the small yellow house with two bikes tangled on the lawn .
the closest i 'd been to a church since my dad died was reading the cutesy catch phrases off those backlit signs they all put on their front lawns .
i was n't going to delve into the morality of killing plants , otherwise i 'd go insane every time i cut my mom 's lawn .
from the garage , i would sneak into trent 's garden with the help of nick playing lawn - service guy , spraying the bugs jenks had seeded trent 's prize rosebushes with last saturday .
anticipation pulled me tight , and i reached for the white duffel bag with the lawn care service logo on it .
nick gained the grounds with little trouble , since he was expected - the real lawn service had gotten a cancellation call from me that morning .
breathing in time with my strides , i ran over the manicured lawn and into that eerie wood .
as the pair of dogs let up on her to wrestle and growl with each other instead , two women now strode across the snowy lawn from another section of the garden courtyard .
ahead , halfway up the wide lawn that spread out in front of the large greek revival house , the limestone fountain and wishing pool where she and her younger adopted sister , charlotte , used to play in the heat of the summer as little girls had at some time been replaced with decorative boulders and a collection of burlap - shrouded topiary .
corinne was all the way to the closed gate at the street when hunter left victor bishop to the wreckage of his sins and stepped out of the darkhaven , onto the frozen lawn .
and then he was flying , pitching backward , into the tall french doors that opened out onto the lawn of his darkhaven estate .
two lives nearly lost right outside on my front lawn .
he shook it off , dropping down to the snow - covered lawn below .
several men poured out of the truck and started pounding up the snow - filled lawn on foot .
lucan 's vision burned amber as he stared at the pale limestone facade of the gothic mansion across the expansive lawn .
as i examined the house , i saw the curtain twitch in the living room window , flashing a line of yellow light across the dark lawn .
it was like the lawn had been floodedwaist - highwith green , feathery waves .
beside him on a folding lawn chair , looking quite brittle , was quil 's ancient , white - haired grandfather , old quil .
just an expressionless single - story block of white concrete , angled rooftop solar panels and steel - louver shaded windows , sitting on a broad knoll in the middle of a naked five - acre parcel of ruthlessly trimmed lawn .
the moonlit lawn was scarred with deep tire gouges and shattered headlight glass .
` ` hey , captain , '' rafe called to him grimly from across the side lawn , where the worst of the skirmish seemed to have taken place .
nathan hunkered down on the fouled lawn , brushed his fingers over the drying splatters of the breedmate warrior 's blood at his feet .
we found the blade in ackmeyer 's lawn .
there was just the two of us , a tent , and a huge picnic basket of food on five acres of manicured lawns and lush gardens .
my gaze swept the surrounding houses , seeing neat , cared for lawns and dwellings .
a lush , somewhat overgrown lawn stretched from the side gate to the porch , and pencil pines lined the boundary .
kim circled around him , waved , and kept filming as she approached a group of girls camped out on the lawn under a spreading live oak tree .
the trees cast sinister shadows across the lawn and the silence of the air chills my spine .
chapter 22 we 're lying on stasha 's front lawn , watching the stars disappear as the sun climbs above the mountains .
birds flurry from the trees and sprites heap out of the house , charging across the lawn .
he ramps the car over the curb and onto the front lawn .
dad drained his coffee like it was water after a hot afternoon of lawn mowing .
she only woke up at all because the next - door neighbor started up his monster gas - powered lawn mower for the last trim of the season .
twisting , i tried to see the back of my shoulder where i 'd cut myself falling into the lawn mower doing cartwheels .
ah , i had been doing the cartwheels , not the lawn mower .
i had no doubt there would be other security systems right through the lawns that surrounded the building the gray - suited guard shifted in his box , watching as i approached .
the gates slid silently open the driveway snaked through stately elms , past manicured lawns , and finally presented the old - englishcstyle mansion in all its glory .
` ` it could be anything from a lawn trimmer to a bomb , for all i know . ''
` ` i would never build a lawn trimmer , '' myrnin said .
` ` what did the lawn ever do to me ?
he had sunglasses on , taking in the residential neighborhood with its shady sidewalks and patchy lawns .
it seemed like most of the student body was milling around on the lawn , but only a handful of them looked new , like me .
the dark - haired girl i 'd seen on the lawn sat in an ivory wingback chair , idly flipping channels on the tiny television sitting on top of a small bookcase .
the only light came from the school behind me , those huge windows making even bigger rectangles of light on the lawn .
she ran down the last few steps , and before i knew it , we were outside on the front lawn .
i 'd just started to read a paragraph about christina rossetti 's ` ` goblin market '' when movement out on the lawn caught my eye .
i turned and looked back at the lawn .
it sat nestled in a lush val ey , an emerald green lawn stretching in front of it , while a forested hil rose in the back .
it was nice , and the evening was beautiful ; the air was n't too warm or too cool , and there were shadows creeping across the green lawn .
i plopped down on the lawn and drew my knees up to my chin .
there on the front lawn , jenna was walking arm in arm with a very pale , very beautiful girl , their heads close together .
- alice 's adventures in wonderland chapter 13 i was n't alone on the front lawn of hex hall .
i stood there on the lawn of hex hall , wearing my uniform , surrounded by my former classmates , and having no idea what to do .
alexei could see the girls on the lawn , all students from a women 's college in london .
i swallowed revulsion as i remembered the anticipation that had shot through alexei as he 'd watched a bunch of innocent girls run on thorne abbey 's lawn .
cal , jenna , archer , and i sprinted out across the now - clear lawn , heading for the woods .
a breath of cold air later , we were standing on the lawn of hex hall .
but there were dozens on the lawn , and finley and aislinn were nowhere in sight .
the steps hardly creaked under my feet as i walked down onto the lawn .
conservative customers gawked at us , since we stood out like tombstones on a lawn .
i felt like i had more than a year ago when he kissed me on the lawn of the mansion on halloween and several times before .
as claire watched , it jumped the curb and bounced up onto the lawn , charged forward , and knocked down the leaning iron fence around the civic hall .
no creature crept across the lawn or hid in the nearby trees .
the redbrick building , front lawn , and playground looked surprisingly smaller than when i had attended several years ago .
i felt like a towering gothic giant as i walked up the front lawn among girls sporting bratz t - shirts and strawberry shortcake notebooks and boys with overstuffed pokemon backpacks .
i turned the corner and walked past gigantic pristine estates with lush green lawns and purple and yellow flowers until i found an unkempt , overgrown weed - filled lawn .
i turned the corner and walked past gigantic pristine estates with lush green lawns and purple and yellow flowers until i found an unkempt , overgrown weed - filled lawn .
a broken birdbath sat in the center of the lawn .
i ran back up the broken steps and stood on the lawn .
i asked , as we cut across the lawn through oakley woods .
he and his companion , the stone - cold one called tegan , got out of the vehicle and strolled around to the lawn .
across the lawn , tegan let elise go as well , the warrior 's steady green gaze lingering on her as she anxiously stumbled away from him , rubbing at the places where he had touched her .
the one in the lead swung his legs over the edge and dropped , as neatly as a cat , down onto the lawn .
she choked on a sob , but her arms stayed open to him , her feet still moving across the lawn and down to the driveway .
through her camera lens , she looked out over wide lawns and courtyards flanked by elegant brick and limestone buildings .
once clear of the fence , gabrielle leaped up and made a mad dash across the wide , rough lawn of the outer grounds .
the kid was ahead of her about a block by the time she cleared the park 's wide lawn and stepped onto charles .
i took off around the side of the grassy mansion lawn , doing my best to avoid uneven patches of soil .
students came up the driveway and the lawn , decked out in their saturday - night best and carrying bags of beverages .
so far , phineas had seen only one guard , and he was relaxing in a lawn chair on the back porch .
every summer , the orphans had been invited to go up for a day and play on his football- field - size lawn and go for rides on his beautiful wooden boat and eat sandwiches and watermelon .
opening the steel door , he stepped onto the long rolling lawn that stretched out around the drained swimming pool and eased down to the forest edge and the retaining wall .
the farmhouse was out north and east of the brownstone , and the instant he took form on the lawn , he knew his father was inside : an odd shiver in his blood bubbled up every time he was around the omega , like an echo in an enclosed space ... although he was n't sure whether he was the sound and his father the cave , or if it was the other way around .
he saw himself walking the grounds of the estate he 'd grown up on , going over the lawn toward the grand house .
if those motherfucking brothers had taken her , he was going to stake them out on the lawn and let the sun take them nice and slow .
the sound of his boots was loud in his ears as he crossed the packed earth of the drive and then all went quiet as he hit the scruffy brown grass of the shallow lawn .
down below , on the lawn , a lone figure ambled into view .
the party at the farmhouse went on and on and more people kept coming , their cars parking on the lawn , their bodies jamming into the downstairs rooms .
lash 's blooded father came into form on the scruffy lawn , his white robes swirling around his body , his arrival driving the ambient air temperature down even further .
good thing it had a lawn , though .
when the television crews showed up about a minute and a half later , she played witness to an almost beautiful blond woman doing a poor man 's barbara walters on the lawn .
the rolling green grass and the tulips and honeysuckle reached only so far before they were cut off by a ring of trees that encircled the lawn .
each blade was perfectly formed , and precisely the right height such that the expanse was less a lawn than a carpet .
rhage followed , poofing it right into the farmhouse while butch took a more labor - intensive approach , hotfooting it across the scruffy lawn , with gun drawn and down at his thigh .
they took their time and looked all around the lawn and house and forest .
pissed off that he 'd been parked on the front lawn with xhex playing witness , he grabbed the hair of the slayer and yanked the thing into an arch that would leave the guy 's spine humming like a motherfucker .
and man , between that little show and the heisman move she 'd pulled out on the front lawn , he realized she was precisely what he 'd always known her to be : a fighter to the core .
with that , the sin- eater dematerialized out of darius 's hold and re- formed on the side lawn .
the scent of freshly roasting lamb was floating up from the blowers on the roof over the kitchen and lights were glowing all over the house , the warm golden illumination pouring out onto the lawn and the patio on the lower level .
thanks to her having played lawn sculpture under the showerhead , she 'd missed first meal so she went directly to the meeting in wrath 's study .
throe pointed across the lawn .
seconds later , the five of them rematerialized on the rolling lawn of a house so big you could keep an army in it .
there were circular patches all over the lawn where the grass was filling in , and here , around the back of the house , there was a neatly stacked pile of not simply logs , but whole trees .
as the butler slipped into the house , tohr wandered around , inspecting his old lawn equipment , his rakes , his salt for the driveway .
he 'd also cleared the lawn that circled the place so that if anything or anybody approached , they 'd be sitting ducks .
the band of bastards had initiated the attack from where the brotherhood had started out : on the far side of the cleared lawn , in the forest behind the house .
standing in the shelter of the forest , he was amazed at his soldier 's accuracy : the bullet had sailed across the lawn , blown out the glass pane of the door ... and dropped the king like a bag of sand .
the large rock he 'd taken cover behind was about a meter away , and he headed for it , his boots clomping across the lawn .
up above , caged fluorescent lights were set into the high , unhung ceiling , and exposed ductwork and electricals burrowed through joists like moles in a lawn .
her first thought was to go down into the underground retreat and pretend she had n't seen him - and considering how he waited on the lawn , giving her plenty of time to identify him , he seemed to be offering her that out .
back years and years ago , when her consciousness had returned to her after she had inflicted that dagger upon her own stomach , she had found herself in a different white landscape , one that had trees and temples and rolling lawns , one that was populated by the scribe virgin 's chosen females , one that she had gone on to live in without question , accepting her fate as not one of her choosing , but the inevitable result of her choices down below .
as he entered , he went to the right , the porsche 's xenon headlights sweeping around and washing over stretches of grave markers and lawn .
the last thing he felt like doing was more palm aerobics , but he had a feeling this arousal he was rocking was going to be like lawn sculpture : there for the duration unless he took care of it .
'cause he was strongly considering a job as a lawn sprinkler , and he did n't want to go all weeping - willow in front of anyone .
the first human male they had seen at the desk inside was running across the lawn in a panic .
at the sound of his name , manny snapped back into reality and found that , yes , in fact he was still at tricounty , out on the lawn .
accordingly , she 'd coated herself in mhis and stood on the lawn at the equine hospital , watching him speak with the police and the security guard .
tegan stood there , following her with his eyes as she deposited her empty wineglass on a server 's tray and headed for the wall of glass doors that looked out over the estate 's lakefront back lawn and gardens .
elise ... she shook her head and pivoted to move farther up the lawn , out of his reach .
she followed his gaze up the frozen lawn and gardens , but when she turned back to tegan , there was n't so much as a trace of shame in her expression .
dressed in just a pair of black warm - ups , rio was seated on the wide marble steps that spread out to the manicured lawn , watching a small bonfire a few yards out on the grass .
rio seemed to be in a state of true peace ; her sense of it registered all the way into her veins as he embraced her in silence , watching the fire dance on the lawn .
the house was blazing with lights , there were lit tiki torches tilting drunkenly all over the lawn , and partiers were everywhere .
who cleaned and cooked and manicured the lawns ?
a lawn chair outside scuttled over the grounds , rolling like a tumbleweed .
i watched a squirrel make a mad dash out into the storm and cross the manicured lawn .
maybe she 'd learn more about the people they 'd been , not just the mom and dad she 'd known when she was little , and find her lost family among the neoclassical buildings and the sweeping green lawns of the col ege .
bonnie fluffed her red curls as she hurried across dalcrest 's great lawn .
little flagstone paths bordered the lawn , leading off to the various dorms and classroom buildings .
the human scenery was pretty awesome , too , bonnie thought , surreptitiously eyeing a bronzed guy lying on a towellnear the edge of the lawn .
` ` remember when we were kids and we used to play bil iart on the lawns of father 's palazzo ? ''
bonnie giggled as she and zander crossed the lawn of the science building hand in hand .
she explained what happened , on the roof and on the lawns of the col ege .
on the edge of the lawns , a large raven sat , his head cocked slightly as he watched me with glittering crimson eyes .
from across the lawns , the raven was walking in a circle , lifting each leg pluckily .
i tried to forget katherine , leaving my shutters closed so i would n't be tempted to look across the lawn at the carriage house , and forcing myself to smile and wave at damon and katherine when they explored the gardens .
on the lawn , people were eating and laughing and dancing , and a makeshift band made up of my childhood friends ethan giffin , brian walsh , and matthew hartnett was playing a version of ` ` the bonnie blue flag . ''
the revelers on the lawn had changed to shadowy figures in the five minutes since i 'd been outside , and i could n't make out damon within the group in the corner .
i imagined her dashing across the lawn , then hearing footsteps behind her , only to turn and see flashing white teeth glistening in the moonlight .
damon asked as we walked out the door and across the lawn together .
i ran toward the center of the lawn , where damon had unearthed the oblong ball we 'd been tossing two weeks before .
damon called from his position on the lawn .
excitement coursed through my veins as i stole out of the house , across the dew - dropped lawn , and toward the carriage house .
i ran out onto the lawn .
several of the statues around the labyrinth were broken , and torches and debris littered the once - lush lawn .
they were gone now , although signs of their presence remained : empty glasses littered the tables set around the edges of the lawn ; a silken shawl was tossed over a chair ; a lone high - heeled shoe perched on the edge of a fountain .
from a few blocks away came the muted roar of a lawn mower , and the smel of cut grass fil ed the air .
the smal colonial - style house in the middle of the next block had been painted a surprising shade of pink , and the old oak tree in its front lawn had been cut down and replaced with a flowering shrub .
meredith rose and crossed the lawn toward it .
with his blond hair and healthy tan , he looked like a california surfer transplanted to a virginia lawn .
elena thought caleb seemed just right on a perfect summer day like this one , a lawn mower humming in the distance somewhere , the sky blue and high above them .
dear diary , this afternoon , i talked with caleb smallwood on the front lawn of my house .
as aunt judith left the room , elena final y caught sight of stefan , waving from the lawn below her open window , and she waved back , laughing , the strange emotions at the bottom of stefan 's mind put aside for the moment .
an inaccurate portrayal of an old southern manor estate , it was too big for the lawn it sat on and bulged with unnecessary columns and twisting rococo decorations .
when she looked out , she saw stefan , shoulders hunched , hands in his pockets , watching her from the lawn .
she left stefan on the lawn in the early morning sunshine as she retreated into the quiet dimness of the house .
` ` do we have a lawn mowing emergency we need to address before breakfast ? ''
flowers wanted them to find in town for new protection spel s. as they drove , elena gazed out the window at the neat white houses and trim green lawns of residential fel 's church as they gradual y gave way to the brick buildings and tasteful store windows of the shopping district at the center of town .
between these circles , the grass of the field was velvety smooth , like the lawn of an english manor house or a real y good golf course .
her eyes - green as the great lawn in central park in may - stare up at me .
behind me , a lawn mower droned in the early sun .
it was like the dictionary definition of nondescript , sandwiched between a house with snow white and the seven dwarves enacting the nativity on the front lawn on one side , and one with a pink - and - orange swing set on the other .
` ` i was n't very impressed with the front lawn , '' sibby told him .
the lawn that stretched from the side gate to the porch was a rich carpet of green - so lush my feet suddenly itched with the need to run through it - and the pines that lined the boundary gave the whole property a feeling of isolation .
they were showing nothing more than fences , trees , and a long expanse of lawn .
i grew up on a farm - obviously i know way more than he does about a lawn mower .
i knew the lawn and grounds better than i knew my own backyard .
a berkley realty for sale sign was stuck on the lawn of the mansion .
` ` we have n't answered everything , '' my nemesis said , finding me on the lawn after school .
they were standing on a big lawn , and a few of the boys were holding tennis rackets .
` ` or when anderson spent every penny he made mowing lawns for two summers on a special tape recorder that was supposed to capture ghostly voices . ''
thinking of dex 's horrible lawn , i wondered if i should check one out for nana .
he ran over somebody 's lawn .
he was poking about the wound , a spotless white lawn handkerchief wrapped around his hand .
he then carried ivy off to the other side of the lawn , which was serving as the dance floor , and introduced her to lord maccon 's redheaded claviger , tunstell .
asked alexia 's new husband , whisking her about the lawn .
the group was gathered on the lawn below the steps of a wide covered porch , the kind of organized pose that schoolkids were sometimes corralled into for an annual class picture .
if anything had happened to her ... ` ` hang on , '' niko said , as he pulled in to the driveway , then steered the big suv right up onto the lawn .
rio and dylan , kade and alex were busy on the snowy front lawn , walking still more released women into another of the order 's suvs .
mabel had hired owen to mow the lawn and such , but had let the garden go .
we crossed a less busy street and cut through a narrow alley with a brick building on one side and a tree - filled church lawn on the other .
` ` what are you - ` ` before i could say another word , adrian strode up the granite pathway and cut across the lawn to where the guy was working .
we sat down on it , watching children play on the opposite side of the lawn while we continued a discussion on bird watching in the mojave .
it was n't until i was halfway out on the lawn in front of his building that i dared a peek back .
there were enough shadows on the lawn that i was able to stay within them the whole way - until i reached the back fence .
while paul started a bonfire , she gathered six of the eight lawn chairs that belonged to the cottages and set them up around it .
` ` we 'd like that , '' paul said easily , glancing to jeanne louise as she stood and folded her lawn chair in preparation of taking it up to the cottage .
she came out the front door to see that they were indeed playing on the lawn in front of the house .
her car was parked where she 'd left it and they hustled across the lawn , staying close to a row of hedges .
claire ran for the window and watched as michael took form on the side lawn in the moonlight .
claire looked over the moonlit lawns of the leeds estate and watched her oldest child , gabriella , go into full stealth mode .
the two of them laughed and she hugged her shy , gentle son close as michael and gabriella came racing up the lawn .
providing it 's not out on the front lawn or burned . ''
` ` big lots , '' i said , seeing the eighty - year - old oaks and shady lawns .
inside the garage was a black two - seater beemer , a riding lawn mower , and little else .
perhaps if i set fire to his lawn - by accident - he might wait a few days to summon al again .
on the third night , he lay on the grass of her back lawn , staring up at the stars in the night sky .
she looked from him to the french doors , which were indeed open , showing the side lawn .
the back door was open , and she could see two figures outside , stooping over something on the lawn .
the back lawn was completely overgrown , and i think the floors needed to be rehabbed , but the new renter didn`t seem to mind .
the pristine grass lawns were drenched and several branches and leaves were scattered in the asphalt driveways .
sticking in the half - dead , weed - filled lawn was a happy homes sign .
with my best vision , i could barely make out a white sheet covering what must have been an old bike or lawn mower .
what it lacked in size and modern touches ( such as the sutherlands ' residence ) , it more than made up for in perfectly manicured lawns , a fine orchard , and a spectacular view of manhattan .
the lawn rolled away behind her , verdant green painted with touches of fall color .
it was on the southeast side of the palace where a huge lawn was sculpted with elaborate hedge gardens and open spaces for a variety of games .
he strode over the lower lawn , meeting two other vampires who were obviously waiting for him .
her fi ngers had caressed , girlishness disappearing into a wild sen- suality that had them drenched and coupling on the back lawn .
teeny bits of glass all over the lawn and even in the trees so the whole place was kind of sparkling in a way that human beings probably could n't make out .
there were kids playing out on the front lawns , or the sidewalks , crouching over marbles , hanging out in the trees .
a young servant - even younger - looking than bonnie - gently put a tiny bundle made of lace and sheerest lawn into lady ulma 's arms .
under a giant canopy - it looked semipermanent to her and was hung all around with pretty lanterns in shades that were enhanced by the sun - the smooth grass lawn stretched away for hundreds of yards on all sides .
the black dog instantly turned around , put its nose to the ground as if it afforded him the greatest delight , and began running back and forth across the stairs and the lawn that formed the ` ` great ballroom '' - now becoming pitted with holes as people took shovels , pickaxes , and even large spoons to it .
an hour later , violet and i were traipsing through the manicured lawns of regent 's park .
the park was dotted with children playing , kites flying , and several large mansions rising from the green lawns like oversized statues .
the lawn held several tables covered with white linen .
chapter 4 the sun was just beginning to sink behind dalcrest 's science lab , sending long golden rays across the college 's lawns .
elena got out of the car and walked quickly across the lawn , her heels leaving little holes in the grass .
there were also the windows she 'd peered out every morning , where she 'd seen stefan striding across the lawn .
the opposite is probably closer to the truth ... two the motherhouse of the talamasca , outside london , silent in its great park of ancient oaks , its sloped rooftops and its vast lawns blanketed with deep clean snow .
broad avenues of clean well - clipped lawns .
` ` dear mister vimes , dat '' s what der lawn ornaments is sayin '' , '' said chrysoprase .
vimes trailed after wiggleigh across the dark , squelchy lawns .
from where cole stood , he could see the front palace lawn .
the front lawn was mostly smooth , with the exception of the front drive that curved toward the palace with thick snow banks on either side .
it allowed let him see the edge of the southern lawn , as well , which appeared undisturbed .
glancing back at the front lawn , cole noticed that the vamps that moved through the building were all spilling out onto the front lawn .
glancing back at the front lawn , cole noticed that the vamps that moved through the building were all spilling out onto the front lawn .
` ` the vamps are moving to a single location on the front lawn .
whatever the queen thought was coming for her on the front lawn was n't there .
he should be on the front lawn by now , she thought to herself .
the front door to the palace was thrown open and light cut across the dark snow , cutting a wedge of light on the sparkling lawn .
somehow i doubt it was because he was bottling her blood for you ... '' reggie trailed off as he saw the massive vampire appear in the threshold and follow the king onto the lawn .
he looked at reggie who had drawn back when the king strode across the lawn .
how dare you break the law and trample across my front lawn ridiculing me like a monarch that ca n't even control her own family ! ''
she ran across the lawn , her foot catching on the hem of her gown and tearing it .
the girls stopped in front of a large window pane and looked out onto the snow - covered lawn .
the point is that this is the first time i was able to get to you since our little incident on the lawn , so you 'll have to learn as we go along . ''
she stared at the stretch of white lawn .
the massive windows showcased the sprawling lawn , glittering with deep snow .
cassie looked confused , like someone asked her to rewire the security gate on the front lawn .
` ` and a plastic goose on the front lawn . ''
some students said he stumbled into matt 's house in a trash - bag diaper ; others said he was found passed out naked on the back lawn .
i spun around on the front lawn and looked back at the grand mansion .
maybe i was still dizzy from spinning on the lawn .
i watched as my remaining treats were strewn across the lawn .
he probably found the spray cans on the lawn and whatever stuff you sprayed on the wall as proof !
not mowing your lawn or planting flowers .
students were scattered on the front lawn , waiting for rides .
i ran across the mansion lawn and pumped and pulled and flung myself to the top of the rusty gate .
` ` maybe they 'll be sold out and we 'll have to dance on the school lawn , '' i joked .
it was a wednesday when i first saw your mom , on the university lawn , in maroon bell - bottoms and a white halter top , twirling her long brown hair , gazing up .
red streamers also hung from the gate , and lawn torches lit the hill .
he asked , handing me a soda , back on the lawn after we 'd mingled among the darkened dullsvillians .
andreas reichen leaned back in his cushioned chaise on the rear lawn of his private darkhaven estate , trying to absorb some of the peace and quiet of the evening .
by the time he reached the front lawn of the estate , his chest was no longer tight but cold .
i mowed their lawn this summer .
i mowed their lawn the next day .
` ` i do n't think my dad will let me mow their lawn anymore . ''
then matt 's complaint that the same man ought to be able to mow his own lawn , the rage mr . tilson had fallen into , how young his family was , and how they were going to have lots more kids .
` ` the neighbor kid who mowed their lawn said that mia told his mom she wanted a lot of kids but had to space them out , five years apart , '' i said .
` ` they put wings on a lawn mower , '' she muttered .
i get out of the car to stop dad from waltzing onto some stranger 's lawn , but i stop when i see the for sale sign .
there is a tidy lawn , even a few of those little lawn ornaments shaped like tiny people with funny hats that glare up at us as we walk by .
there is a tidy lawn , even a few of those little lawn ornaments shaped like tiny people with funny hats that glare up at us as we walk by .
freaking lawn gnomes .
maybe it was the lawn gnomes .
back when mom would take me trick - or - treating , i would never go to a house that had them on the lawn .
his voice needs no amplification to carry across the lawn .
there is n't enough room for me to turn around without driving on the lawn .
cars are haphazardly parked in the ditches on either side of the driveway , and some have made their way onto the lawn .
my mother is still in her room and dad 's out doing something with the lawn , so i have a chance to sneak in and see her .
* * * i have never seen so many cars crammed on one lawn before .
would he tell them that some crazy hooligans had trashed the lawn doing donuts while he sat at home doing his homework like a good little boy ?
even so , he remembered once a few years ago when his mom had splurged and bought them two five - dollar lawn chairs at walmart .
what kind of human being would steal plastic lawn chairs from someone who was so obviously poor ?
dilapidated and junked up with broken - down cars and browned - out lawns , it was a stark contrast to kyrian 's immaculate stomping grounds .
his last girlfriend had piled everything of his on the front lawn and torched it .
nick glanced to simi and caleb , then looked over to where thorn 's soldiers were dragging what he hoped was only an unconscious acheron and savitar onto the front lawn so that they could dump them by the driveway .
those are real live , breathing monsters on the lawn who want us dead .
nick let the truth ring in his ears as he effortlessly pinned thorn to the lawn with one hand .
` ` do i really have to kill you on the front lawn of bubba 's house ?
completely confused , she stared at nick as he went to check on savitar and acheron , who were still lying as lumps on the lawn .
clutching his chest , nick fell to his knees on the lawn .
but if he knew anything , it was that his life never had a simple answer to his problems , and he could n't breathe or stand , never mind get up and sprint across the lawn .
the lawn furniture sat dusty and baking on the bricks .
finally , tara sat in a lawn chair and started feeding sara after jb fetched her nursing shawl .
she envisioned a dark velvety green lawn , tall trees hiding the cinder block wall , perennial shrubs and annuals - petunias , lobelia , pansies in the fall .
it was a cloudy night , a dark one , but rick 's eyes adjusted well enough to see a patch of overgrown weeds and some rusted lawn furniture .
` ` i have to mow the lawns and rake the leaves . ''
in the real world , the house was just an ordinary detached residence , a bit old - fashioned - looking , set back a comfortable distance from the main road , with a neatly raked gravel path running between carefully maintained lawns .
set out before the house , a delicate wicker bridge crossed the dark and murky waters of the moat , leading to a small zoo of animal shapes in greenery , and deep purple lawns .
the town houses and lawns looked nauseatingly perfect , and gottfried must have agreed , because he blurted out , ` ` cookie - cutter crap . ''
` ` it was mr . eggleston , him that owns the real estate agency and the lawn service company , '' lisa said .
at first it reminded fiji of a fleet of distant lawn tractors .
and there he was , sitting in her lawn and staring up at her .
people were scattered throughout the immaculate lawn .
the lawn was manicured , the grass slowly fading from green to yellow to off - white .
they had lawn chairs and beer coolers , and music blasted at full volume - all evidently encouraging a multitude of sins involving the removal of clothing .
the lawn chairs - major , grinding pda .
he flew across the manicured vampire lawn , bypassing bonsai trees , skirting around black rose bushes .
a short distance ahead was a hill , highlighted by a multitude of lamps , a yellowing lawn and a tall , sprawling building .
instead i headed westward to the gazebo on the lawn to pull myself together , then plan my reentry .
the school 's gothic architecture had been softened slightly by the lush ivy and the sloping green lawn .
i set out across the grounds , ignoring the few students playing rugby on the far corner of the lawn , though i saw some of them glancing in my direction and heard some vaguely dirty laughter .
courtney and a few of her friends were strolling together at the edge of the lawn , snickering at some of the new human students .
the water sprinklers on the broad green lawn had cycled through three different speeds .
we drove to the end of vic 's driveway and across that perfect lawn .
maxie took shape at last , but as she became more solid , the lawn around me became misty and translucent .
my eyes widened when i recognized two of the hunters in this small group , standing at the far side of vic 's lawn - a heavyset , dark - skinned woman with her hair in thick braids , and another with golden skin and hair sheared crazily short against her scalp : dana and raquel .
when it fell onto vic 's lawn , i felt myself become lighter , insubstantial .
vic had run out onto the lawn , not to fight but apparently to yell at raquel , which at least was keeping her out of the battle .
then the motor revved , and with the screech of burning rubber , balthazar drove the car straight onto vic 's lawn , making the hunters scatter .
` ` picked this up off the lawn , '' he said .
he was going to be in enough trouble about the torn - up front lawn without his mom and dad discovering an infestation of vampires in the basement .
chapter eight lucas and i stayed up most of the rest of that night , curled in each other 's arms out on the lawn .
gold and tan leaves on the lawn crunched beneath his feet , and i could tell he was preparing to run .
or have a beer and play lawn darts .
then , with an obvious lack of concern for the fact that angela was incapable of seeing in the dark , the sentinel hauled her away from the manicured lawn to the surrounding trees .
he bent down and lifted a large square of what must be fake lawn .
it looked exactly like the rest of the lawn to cassie .
some ass**le was mowing his lawn or trimming his hedges or juggling f**king chainsaws in rhythmic intervals .
and jed in lawn and garden ?
she said , ' and i hate your lawn . '
the landscaping was impeccable , the facades ornate , and the front lawns trimmed down to the last blade of grass .
a plant - filled courtyard dominated her front lawn , featuring terra - cotta birdbaths , lush floral arrangements , and tasteful sitting areas .
she pointed a pink nail toward her immaculate front lawn across the street .
instead , i was getting happy birdsong and the distant rumble of a lawn mower .
figuring it was an advertisement for lawn cutting , i shoved it in my pocket and continued my trek to the end of the driveway .
stomping across the lawn , she said over her shoulder , ` ` i want it all out before my kids get home from school .
as i scuttled across the front lawn , heading home , someone grabbed my arm , giving it a tug .
in the middle of the front lawn .
we stopped in the middle of the lawn .
soon , i turned onto his street , which was lined with big homes and big trees and wide patches of bright green lawns .
i waited , and as i did so , i scanned the yard , noting again its perfectly manicured lawn and well - maintained garden .
the forest lawn cemetery here in burbank , on the other side of the infamous griffith park , is epic , covering an entire hillside .
it was the forest lawn 's groundskeeper 's office , and it was a little creepy .
i got dressed and hit starbucks and was soon on my way to forest lawn just as the morning sun appeared in the east , over the eagle rock hills , and shining its morning glory .
shortly , i was driving through the open gates of forest lawn and over to the maintenance building located on the east side of the sprawling cemetery .
and as i paced my living room , i paused twice to glance out the big living room window that overlooked the front lawn and the cul - de - sac leading up to my house .
the team 's ground - penetrating radar unit sat abandoned , looking more like a sandblasted lawn mower than a high - tech tool for peering under dirt and rock .
we hop over the curb and start across the lawn toward a park , searching for aleesa .
he asks as he strides across the lawn toward us .
enormous columns lined the front door on either side ; the lawn was pristine .
instead , she yelled the words across the lawn , from the gargantuan front porch .
i began moving toward the duo on the front porch , but before i 'd fully crossed the lawn , bethany marked my presence .
when she opened her eyes again , she seemed lighter , more sure of herself - like whatever burden she 'd been carrying since she 'd met me on the davises ' front lawn had been somehow lifted from her shoulders .
there was a basketball hoop in the driveway and a scattering of brightly colored leaves on the lawn .
as best i could tell , elliot seemed to have come to this fight armed only with a pair of lawn shears .
across the lawn , elliot did n't look at bethany , did n't look at me .
the lawn of an elegant estate and the layer of glittering elemental ice that covered everything , including the broken , frozen fountains planted in the grass ... salina lying on the ice , stretching out her hand , begging me to help her , to save her .
instead , he bared his teeth at me , turned , and ran to the left , hurrying across the cemetery lawn as fast as he could .
a few more frat boys had stumbled outside and were sleeping off their drunken stupors on the lawn .
black shutters and white flowerbeds framed the square windows , while a variety of colorful toys fought for space on the green lawn .
i ran out the front door , jumped over the steps , landed on the lawn , and hustled down to the street .
its murmurs whispered of the steady drone of traffic , the hum of lawn mowers , the laughter of the neighborhood kids .
i picked my way quickly , but carefully , through the lush grass , not wanting to trip and break my ankle on some stray toy that had been left on the lawn .
` ` just get her off my lawn .
swing sets , plastic castles , and other toys littered most of the sloping lawns .
the smooth lawn stretched out for about a hundred feet before nose - diving into a series of jagged cliffs that even some mountain goats would have had a hard time climbing .
i was n't even halfway across the wide , white expanse of the lawn before lights snapped on inside the mansion .
all sorts of evil lurked inside the sultan - size mansions in northtown , made even more sinister by the immaculate facades and perfectly groomed lawns .
in front of the house , snow crusted the flat lawn before the ridge fell away into a series of frozen , jagged cliffs .
` ` apparently , he 's having a press conference late this afternoon out on the south lawn of his estate to formally announce the construction of the casino - even though he does n't have the last piece of land that he needs to start breaking ground .
the south lawn was dominated by an enormous pool that had the same distinctive palm tree shape as the one at the blue sands hotel .
dekes finished his latest round of handshaking and started scanning the lawn , no doubt looking for me .
we were far enough away from the south lawn that no one would hear the giants or the vampire scream if i decided to kill them .
` ` you know how dekes hates it when the gators crawl up on the lawn and start chewing on their legs . ''
` ` let 's regroup on the front lawn . ''
my friends , my family , stood on the front lawn , a safe distance back from the burning mansion .
i could see the power glimmering in jo - jo 's eyes all the way across the massive lawn , and i knew that victoria would be alert and awake by the time the dwarf got done with her .
vanessa spotted jo - jo and victoria and ran across the lawn to them .
donovan hesitated , then took a few steps toward me , then a few more , then a few more still , until he 'd walked halfway across the lawn - meeting me in the middle .
vanessa crouched down on the lawn a few feet away , her arms wrapped around victoria , who was now awake and sitting up .
the giants that finn , bria , and sophia had killed on their way inside the mansion lay strewn about the lawn like oversize garden gnomes that had been toppled over onto their sides .
usually , he worked as a waiter , but tonight he 'd been needed in the kitchen to cook , so the old man had brought me along to be his eyes and ears at the party , which was being held on the lawn outside .
the giants marched the entire kitchen and waitstaff outside onto the lawn .
the dinner party guests had been herded into a tight group out on the lawn , and the giants ushered us in that direction as well .
two giants dragged a man across the lawn , causing murmurs to ripple through the crowd .
i 'd seen it on the lawn when i 'd been serving champagne earlier .
a girl a few years older than me sprinted across the lawn , her long , blond hair streaming out behind her like ribbons of silk .
then , one by one , the guests began walking across the lawn , careful to skirt around dubois 's and the giant 's bodies as they headed to their cars .
fletcher put his arm around me , and we hurried across the lawn , going back to the kitchen with the rest of the staff under the pretense of getting our things and getting out of there .
` ` right here , on the north lawn . ''
` ` for starters , '' finn said , ` ` there 's already a series of fountains on the north lawn .
the north lawn happens to be the very place where dear old dad was murdered all those years ago - and where she 's set up the dinner for tonight . ''
the woods bordered the north lawn , and i scanned the spectacle before me .
tables covered with blue - green linens had been set up on the lawn , and i could see the glitter of crystal and silver on them , along with the faint flickers of lit candles .
i focused on the largest fountain , the centerpiece of the lawn .
he 'd even brought along a few tiny spy cams , which i 'd hidden in the trees and pointed at the lawn so finn could see what was happening there through a feed to his laptop .
if she made a move before then , finn was going to crank the engine on his escalade , zoom toward the gate from his position across the street , crash through the iron bars , and drive across the lawn to where the dinner was being held .
fortunately , the area between the woods and the lawn was still a bit overgrown from all the years of neglect during salina 's absence , and several large holly and rhododendron bushes had sprang up , providing plenty of cover .
the food , the guests , the lawn - the scene was disturbingly similar to the one i remembered from all those years ago when mab had murdered benedict dubois , right down to the blue - green tablecloths gently flapping in the breeze .
as i looked at the crowd , i thought about walking away from the original plan - about finding owen , grabbing kincaid , getting them away from the mansion and lawn , and then just going on our way and leaving the sharks to salina to feast on .
we hurried through the mansion and made it back to the side door that led out to the north lawn .
several giants stood on the lawn , positioned in the gaps between the bubbling fountains .
i slipped out of the mansion and crept over to one of the ice bars that had been planted on the lawn .
instead , he turned the wheel hard , accelerated onto the lawn , and slammed the vehicle into the koi fountain .
they stumbled away from the pulsing jets of water , out onto the lawn , and then picked up their sodden dresses and pant legs and ran for all they were worth .
all around us , water continued to spray , but the panicked screams had faded as most of the guests had managed to get away from the fountains and onto the relative safety of the lawn .
at least , what could be pried out of the elemental ice that still covered most of the lawn .
a series of stone walkways led out from each one of the three wings into the lush gardens and immaculate lawns that flanked the main building .
as if the structure itself was n't impressive enough , a large fountain bubbled on the smooth front lawn , its jets of water arching through the air like streams of liquid diamonds .
there were no giants roaming through the woods , no guard dogs to bark at the first hint of danger , no cameras zooming from one side of the lawn to the other .
i leaped down\ off the porch and hurried across the lawn , my bare feet squashing the grass .
the flames streaked through the air , seeming to burn hotter and brighter as they zoomed across the lawn .
he gestured at his men , and they moved from the driveway over to the edge of the lawn in front of the house .
hazel threw the van into gear and whipped it into a u - turn right in the middle of jo - jo 's lawn .
a three - story white plantation house perched on top of a hill , a grassy lawn spread out around it like the rippling skirt of an emerald dress .
all of those photos looked as though they 'd been taken at a distance and featured a very young sophia in various spots : on the lawn at jo - jo 's house , on the front porch of country daze , sitting in a library , reading a book .
hazel marched over to join the group of men clustered on the lawn , but grimes lingered by the car , staring up at fletcher 's house .
eventually , sebastian led me through another door , down a set of stairs , and out onto the south lawn .
clusters of trees dotted the lawn , their limbs arching out like canopies and providing shade for the bright summer flowers blooming in the rich beds of black earth below .
` ` apparently , there 's a last - minute problem with the new fountain that i ordered for the lawn .
i ended up on the south lawn , well away from the driveway and the front gate .
i eased up to the side of the mausoleum and looked out over the lawn .
i grabbed my knife from where it had fallen , then left the greenhouse behind and made my way through the grounds , across the lawn , and back up to the library .
stone buildings ringed the open grassy space , and a couple of maples towered up out of the ground , their red- and orange - streaked leaves providing patches of dappled shade that danced over the lawn .
set it up on the lawn outside fletcher 's house .
and the estates that the cars turned into were even more impressive , with massive mansions , pristine pools , and landscaped lawns stretching as far as the eye could see .
through the glass , i could see the green expanse of the lawn outside .
bria yanked me down the steps , across another patio , and out onto the lawn .
they dived behind the benches , bushes , and trees that dotted the lawn , trying to see where the shots were coming from , but they would n't find the source of the commotion .
in the distance , more guards appeared on the lawn , all of them with weapons , all of them heading in this direction .
an orange plastic table with two mismatched lawn chairs was squeezed in between the fridge and a blue plaid couch covered with threadbare blankets and flat pancake pillows .
the sharp shriek caught the attention of the guards patrolling the lawn between the wall and the mansion , and their heads snapped around in my direction .
finn nodded , hopped over the wall , and crossed the lawn , heading for the mansion .
they appeared just in time to help me , finn , and bria carry benson 's stash of drugs outside and throw them onto the front lawn .
the guys went back into the mansion to check and make sure we 'd found all the drugs , but bria and i stayed on the lawn .
the lawn before us seemed to go on forever , each grass blade slick with reflected moonlight .
she walked onto the lawn .
they pitched tents on the manicured lawns , bathed in the communal pool , and cooked on the outdoor grills .
pre - shift , the park was open and airy , a large lawn , sectioned off by paths and carefully planted trees into predefined areas .
my memory claimed that there was a big grassy lawn somewhere here , but beyond the herbal field rose trees , massive dogwoods and oaks tinseled with spanish moss .
i could n't recall how i knew the lawn had been there , but i remembered it .
the outside had turned dark , and the bright light of the moon enameled the grass on my lawn with silver .
my last memory of him , poised against the moonlight - drenched lawn and clothed in his magic .
not a blade of grass stirred on the lawn below .
his body lay under an oak on the hendersons ' lawn .
the second had been a beagle named thompson , a notorious lawn bandit who 'd made it his life 's mission to add a present to every patch of mowed grass .
several mature oaks shaded the house , and a four foot hedge bordered the lawn along the side facing the street .
the thing on the side of the house ripped the bag apart , tossing the pieces out onto the moonlit lawn .
the monster clawed the lawn , my spear stuck in its ribs like a harpoon .
the lawn in front of me provided no cover .
the lawn under the body opened and the corpse fell through .
the anxiety , fear , and desperate need to reverse it , to somehow rewind time and undo what happened , had gripped me and would n't let go , not even after i had emptied my stomach on the bare patch of dirt that used to be our front lawn .
chapter eight i stepped outside and walked along the curving path toward the edge of the lawn , where six vampires waited .
i plunged the broom into the lawn .
he dashed across the lawn , impossibly fast , clearing the hedge in a single leap .
the inn 's roots shot out of the lawn .
the werewolf tossed the stalker on my lawn and dashed to the house .
he stopped in the middle of the grassy stretch of lawn and yanked off his t - shirt , presenting us with a view of a muscular back .
` ` lawn yaps ? ''
the reception was held on the lawn beside the house .
colorful tents dotted the lawn and offered a variety of dishes favored by all the dark races .
6 before the shift , centennial park occupied twenty - one acres inside atlanta , a cheery space filled with engraved bricks , lawns , and beautiful fountains .
the building rose , all but floating , above the snow - covered lawn , oblong , its walls a gathering of delicate white panels that looked suspiciously like giant feathers .
peach trees grew in the back , but the house itself sat in the middle of what would be a grassy lawn in the spring .
do you carry a portable model with you , or do you just commandeer whatever is handy , like lawn chairs and bar stools ? ''
trees claimed the manicured lawns , growing at an alarming rate , taking bites out of the subpision .
now having an address in sibley forest meant you had money , you liked privacy , and you did n't mind weird shit on your lawn .
the person who had dropped five grand worth of rare herbs onto the inventor 's lawn was wearing a red guard patch on his sleeve .
past it all , at the end of a winding path in the middle of a green lawn , sat a large log house .
bordered on three sides by a low brick building and by a brick fence on the fourth , the temple looked almost cheerful against the stark landscape of ruined buildings : bright red walls , snow - white colonnade , and equally white stairs perched upon a snowy lawn .
on the snow - buried lawn a six - foot - tall blood - red man grabbed a golem by the hind leg .
i cast a quick look outside , where it sounded like kramer was now ripping up the lawn in his rage .
` ` how long did it take from the time you started looking for me to when you popped up on our lawn yesterday ? ''
we landed around back , in the darkest part of the lawn , and then went around to the front of the town house .
my brows rose , but i went inside , figuring this conversation was best held somewhere other than on the small lawn .
yet ten minutes of tapping into that stillness inside combined with tears and now i had a veritable army of spectres on my lawn .
his house was a sweeping estate with immaculate lawns and high perimeter hedges .
why did n't they land - mine the lawn ?
it had been decided the duel would take place on mencheres 's back lawn .
i 'd thought she would avoid getting anywhere near gregor , but she stood on the far edge of the lawn , watching gregor with her eyes lit up like streetlights .
belinda and i were on the edge of someone 's lawn , it looked like .
only after we were outside on the lawn did he stop running .
when i opened my eyes , we were sprawled on the lawn a hundred yards from the house .
it had to be pieces of the house raining down on the lawn like proverbial brimstone .
chapter eleven we were on the far side of the lawn of the still - smoldering house .
during her tirade , she had pushed past me and marched straight out onto the lawn .
` ` to the lawn , we 'll start with an exterior perimeter and fall back inside if necessary , '' bones said .
my vision began to get hazy , which might have been the blood loss catching up to me , because when i blinked next , we were out on the lawn .
mencheres was in the center of the lawn .
the ground was twenty feet away ... thirty ... fifty ... more ... ` ` we need to hurry , '' i heard him say amid my whipping my head around to see that every person who 'd been standing on the lawn was now airborne and being hurtled through the night as if by invisible jet streams .
the park was exactly what you 'd expect to find in this part of northtown : lots of perfectly landscaped lawns and towering trees with thick tangles of branches , along with an enormous playground that featured seesaws , swing sets , a sandbox , and a merry - go - round .
the swing sets , the merry - go - round , one of the lawns .
but i 'd trespassed on the vaughn grounds many times before , and it was easy enough for me to scale the stone wall , drop down to the other side , and disappear into the thicket of trees that ringed the lawn .
more gun - toting giants marched back and forth across the lawn , coming all the way down to the edge of the grass .
there was no point to it , not during daylight hours anyway , since they would have a crystal - clear view of anyone slipping out of the tree line and trying to cross the lawn to get to the mansion - and be able to shoot her down before she got halfway across the grass .
i 'd been so focused on fiddling with the microphone and trying to hear what madeline and the others were saying that i 'd neglected to keep an eye on the guards patrolling the lawn .
the area was quiet , with only three bored - looking guards making their circuits around the lawn .
` ` looks like it 's smooth sailing , at least until we get to the lawn .
but the area was clean , and we reached the edge of the lawn with no problems .
he dropped the three giants patrolling the lawn in quick succession , putting bullets through their skulls with precise , practiced ease .
so we left the trees behind , darted across the lawn , and headed up to the stone patio .
chapter twenty jack , pearl , ezra , and i stood on the lawn of king hall .
` ` there are enough on that lawn to hinder us , '' ezra muttered with a slight narrowing of his eyes .
antonio had used the owner 's front lawn as a parking lot .
i scanned the lawn , looking for hiding exits , seeing only open space .
we watched them begin to cross the lawn but , before the door swung shut , king nelson called loudly and irritably for king venclaire from deep inside the building .
pearl , jack , and ezra saw where we were heading and beat us there , waiting outside on the front lawn .
whoever was in the middle always blasted us across the lawn .
they had even had mrs . jonas bring them lawn chairs and drinks so they could sit comfortably to watch the show and not be parched from the heat .
the kings left us so as to sit on their lawn chairs in the shade .
another absent wave as he started moving toward their lawn chairs .
the graduation was going to be held on the back lawn of king hall , instead of the gym where it normally was , thanks to the size of today 's crowd .
my guards chased after me across the lawn .
he bent to my level , whispering , ` ` did anyone see you run across the lawn ? ''
out of all the tables on the lawn , i had rammed into king venclaire , ezra 's parents , antonio , king kincaid , and fi 's table .
the graduation - turned - awakening area behind king hall was almost done being rearranged as the organizers finished altering the chairs so that there was a large , empty square space on the lawn for all four mys groups going through their awakenings , with the seats surrounding it .
they nodded when shots were fired outside on the lawn , adding even more screams .
ray had the screamer again and they were struggling on the lawn .
i raced over the lawn , outrunning them easily .
the walk from the infirmary to the house i 'd grown up in was a short distance across a nicely manicured lawn .
we rounded the final curve in the lawn , and to my surprise a couple of wolves , in human form , were waiting for us at the edge of the lawn , where the parking lot started .
we rounded the final curve in the lawn , and to my surprise a couple of wolves , in human form , were waiting for us at the edge of the lawn , where the parking lot started .
rourke did n't come up here and mow lawns .
vicki was on her way home when she saw mrs . heath outside watering her lawn .
she raked the leaves from the lawn , both front and back , pulled some weeds , and watered the grass , thinking she would have to mow it soon .
the lawn had n't been mowed in weeks , perhaps months .
shannah sat down in one of the lawn chairs and her mother and father took seats on either side of her .
the homes were large , but mostly run - down , the lawns unkempt , the paint faded .
if it was n't for the cars we saw parked in the driveway now and then , and the fact that a gardener came to mow the lawn , we would have thought the house was haunted ... . '' ` ` wonder how it started ... '' ` ` i never saw a house go up so fast , '' muttered a tall , dark - haired man clad in gray sweatpants .
the yard was well kept , the lawn green , with a few shrubs in front .
her feet had barely hit the manicured lawn and she was listening for life inside the house .
della , in her loose - fitting blue cotton mickey mouse pajamas , had her hands on her hips , standing over someone laid out on the lawn .
she smiled at kylie but not once did the old librarian glance at soldier dude taking up residence on her front lawn , even when he stood less than two feet from her .
toeing her shoe into the green manicured lawn , she watched the were fade into nothing but a speck on the landscape .
` ` uh , i was wondering if you would mind if i fixed the lawn so it would n't look ... unearthed , just in case any other family comes , so there wo n't be questions . ''
` ` what do you want me to do pitch a tent in the lawn and stay outside ? ''
she wanted to see what was going on down there before she just landed on the front lawn .
as she dropped out of the sky and landed on her front lawn she quickly scurried over to the side of the house .
she stood there , on her front lawn , and put the kaleidoscope to her eye .
as she neared the front lawn , the motion sensor light lit up her face .
they all stuck their heads up against the glass , and as they looked out , rachel was horrified to see that several police cars were pulled up on the lawn , in front of the house , their sirens flashing .
the flashing lights were blinding in the darkness as rachel followed benji and hunter out onto the lawn .
several of them ran for a police vehicle , but as they did , one of those black things landed before it , picked the car up over its head , and hurled the car across the lawn , as if it were a toy .
it was a bright room with a bay window , which looked onto the front lawn .
out of her window , she saw a long front lawn with a few trees scattered near the edges .
the lawn was a dull green color with patches of brown throughout .
rachel waited for her friends outside on the front lawn of the school .
rachel , emily , liv , kate , jen , jess and taryn met up on the front lawn and started walking to emily 's house .
chapter 8 the snow was still falling in lazy spirals , piling up on the lawn , coating the trees .
the moon was beginning to set ; the night was quiet except for a small fox creeping across chris 's front lawn .
though it had just started , it was already beginning to build on the lawns and trees .
the last time he 'd been here at st . heath 's row , slipping silently across the trimmed lawn and between the well - tended yew hedges , was nearly two years ago .
the fine lawn material and deep lace trim of the plunging neckline - one of her favorites - hid none of the curves of her torso .
her smile was beatific , her hair properly coiffed , her day dress a simple yet stylish pale green lawn .
her dark hair lay in a thick braid over her breast , and the crisp white lawn of her simple gown served only to show how pale she was .
she held her breath when the flimsy cotton lawn , trimmed with an abundance of lace and satin that she was certain had gone wholly unappreciated by her new husband , fell away , baring her shoulders and a great deal of her bosom .
and those wormy shadows that had wriggled on the lawn , just out of their vision , against the sides of the house , like swirling spirits .
chapter 5 manhattan new yorkers congregated in central park , the fifty - five - acre great lawn filling up as though for a summertime concert .
those who had set out blankets and lawn chairs earlier in the morning now stood on their feet with the rest , children perched on their fathers ' shoulders , babies cradled in their mother 's arms .
radios played up and down the lawn , people singing along with z100 's spinning of the seven - minute bonnie tyler karaoke favorite ` ` total eclipse of the heart . ''
he went out his front door and stood on the brick step overlooking his lawn and lush flower beds .
so he started out across the road - first down his walk to the driveway , avoiding stepping on the lawn grass - and then , hands slipped casually into his suit pants pockets , up the lusses ' drive to the same side door .
three strangers , two women and one man , exited his mudroom and started across his lawn .
national guard mombors stoed at ton - yard intorvals along the short lawn , socuring the building .
the boy was fino , oxcopt for puking onto the lawn aftor zack holped him out , and the old man coming to his door and yolling at thom to boat it .
ho rodo a dirt biko along the old jogging routos in the park , around and around the groat lawn , riding the biko through the ompty stroots of contral park , past the shrivoled romains of hanging corpsos or the ashos of funorary pyros .
boyond thom , in answor to the mastor 's psychic call , a soa of vampires had assombled on the fifty - fivo - acro groat lawn , oach staring up with black - moon oyos .
ho cut right , off the road , ovor a dirt lawn , bumping up two stops and onto a campus walkway .
the wind had picked up as well , blowing lawn furniture , trash carts and debris down the flooded street .
ashe was sitting in a lawn chair on the back deck , staring at the tall , wooden fence that blocked the nearest housing addition from view .
` ` here you are , '' marco , cori and the others found ashe 's small group and began unfolding lawn chairs .
` ` we 're replacing the lines for the sprinklers , that 's why , '' a werewolf lawn and garden expert had been hired to work on the sprinkler lines in winkler 's flowerbeds surrounding the beach house .
the werewolf lawn worker had certainly thought him weak and beneath his notice .
both trace and jason occupied comfortable lawn chairs beneath the high - topped cover while they kept an eye on cloud chief 's guests .
jason did n't hesitate to offer his cup and his lawn chair to marcie .
sali flopped into a lawn chair beside ashe .
ashe and sali sat outside in lawn chairs on the south side of ashe 's house .
cori flopped into a lawn chair .
ashe flopped on the deck , too , allowing sali to have the other lawn chair .
there were only a few questions ashe did n't feel comfortable answering on some of the tillers and lawn mowers , but mr . winkler had located printed information in the back and went through it with the customers .
ashe , will you get those lawn chairs out of the garage ? ''
adele waved weakly from her lawn chair that sat beside denise deluca 's car .
he stood near a window in merrill 's old manor house in kent , looking over the well - kept lawn surrounding the house .
long , strawberry - blonde hair was brushed away from her face with a graceful hand and then tucked behind an ear as she stared down a street ; several grand houses stood there , surrounded by well - manicured lawns .
merrill watched griffin , who came to stand next to the window , staring over the moonlit lawn outside .
we were standing on the lawn in front of the villa , and fireflies were winking here and there around us .
my eyes were mere slits and i shaded them with a hand when i made it to the window , but i gazed at a lawn that had been mowed recently , and flowerbeds neatly planted and tended .
he 'd been rabidly meticulous about his lawn .
* * * the grounds and gardens surrounding the chateau were destroyed , while abandoned vehicles and bits and pieces of human and elemaiyan bodies littered the lawns .
the lawns were beautiful ; paul could see stables in the distance and when the wind was right he could smell horses .
somebody had a mess to clean up on wlodek 's lawn and i was n't about to volunteer .
what shocked me when we walked out of wlodek 's manor , however , was the helicopter sitting on the lawn .
dropping to my knees , i coughed up my toenails on the nicely manicured lawn outside .
merrill drifted both of us to the lawn outside his manor .
with five vampires almost on my heels , i did the only thing i knew to do , running headlong through the window and shattering it in my flight , tearing my skin with shards of glass as i leapt onto the lawn in front of rene 's home .
i was gasping and sobbing as i ran , trying to concentrate on becoming mist while i raced over rene 's manicured lawns .
a thought hit me as i jogged the ten - mile trek to my house , dodging traffic at times and running across lawns at others - if edward and sergio had my purse , then they had my license and a lot of other things .
the house was huge , sitting on four acres of well - kept lawn .
the rocket launcher fired and a gaping hole was blasted in the wall with a resounding boom , sending bricks and debris flying and bouncing across winkler 's manicured lawn .
the painter stood on the lawn , below eldest - of course below him - and gave shape to the paint with strong , broad sweeps .
steela , an old woman who lived in the ward long before i moved there , had made the garden blossom from a grass lawn with hedges around it into a veritable jungle of flowers and vegetables and vines and trees .
rolling hills spread out from the lawn of the hospital down a dusty dirt road .
even as i say it , though , i ' m thinking about the couple on the lawn in front of the recorder hall , about how they did n't know love and clearly do n't know grief , either .
` ` then the lawn mower .
the car backed out of the house , the tires leaving tracks in the lawn .
it had a wide green lawn ( the type that was randomly adorned with statues of people who were missing body parts ) and numerous carriages parked in front .
broken spears , bits of metal , and shards of glass lay peppering the lawns of fallen homes .
she unrolls a blanket onto the small lawn while rashmi and i unpack tiny apples and prosciutto sandwiches and stinky cheeses from our backpacks .
' you realize you have no lawn ? ''
so far etienne has shown me a beekeeping school , an orchard , a puppet theater , a carousel , and a courtyard of gentlemen lost in boules , lawn bowling .
i glance around for the grass police in their little conductor hats , always eager to remove citizens from the lawns , but i do n't see them .
luxembourg is populated by lawn chairs with the word ` ` sample '' placed in the corner ( perhaps , elijah thinks too easily , they were desperate for artists from luxembourg ) .
and the crowds therein , he soon learns , are akin to a free concert on the great lawn .
the truth is , though , i would n't have minded reliving my greatest hits : when rob cokran and i first hooked up in the middle of the dance floor at homecoming , so everyone saw and knew we were together ; when lindsay , elody , ally , and i got drunk and tried to make snow angels in may , leaving person - sized imprints in ally 's lawn ; my sweet - sixteen party , when we set out a hundred tea lights and danced on the table in the backyard ; the time lindsay and i pranked clara seuse on halloween , got chased by the cops , and laughed so hard we almost threw up - the things i wanted to remember ; the things i wanted to be remembered for .
just when it seems like we 'll be sucked up into the darkness , all of a sudden the woods stop completely and there 's the biggest , most beautiful lawn you can imagine , with a white house at its center that looks like it 's made out of frosting .
half the house is dark , but warm light is shining from the top floor , and where it makes it to the lawn it turns the grass silver .
still , as lindsay turns the car around - driving up on kent 's lawn to do it , tires spinning in the mud - i ' m afraid .
it faces out onto the front lawn .
houses sit hulking back on their lawns , brooding and alive .
it 's another ten minutes before i see the faint twinkle of lights flashing sporadically beyond the trees - thank god , since i was beginning to think i was walking in circles - and another five before the woods thin out and i can see the house , a big pile of ice - cream cake sitting on that lawn , shimmering in and out as the rain bends and splits the lights from the porch .
the window looks out onto a sloping side lawn and , of course , the woods .
i grab my flashlight and the sweatshirt from behind a planter where i 'd left them and head out across the lawn .
and there 's elody , teetering down the lawn in her shoes with no jacket on and her arms wrapped around her chest .
everyone rushed out onto the beideckers ' lawn , which was two houses down , and through the engine smoke , i could see an army of girls in strapless dresses , their phones raised , solemnly snapping pictures of the wreck .
i 'd half expected him to have disappeared , but he was still there , adorning her front lawn with magnificent irony : my tumbleweed snowman .
` ` if you 're not standing on your front lawn in five minutes , i ' m ringing the doorbell until you do . ''
` ` yeah , hi , '' i said sheepishly , joining her on the lawn .
our lawn looks more like it belongs in the english countryside - bordering hedgerows and shaped shrubberies and roses , etcetera .
her vocals are bookended by the drone of lawn service equipment out back .
twenty or so people sit on upturned buckets and folding lawn chairs scattered about the concrete patio , paper plates of tamales and tacos on their laps .
they load their paper plates and she takes the lawn chair next to him , eating her burger while he talks .
the porch lamp is on , shedding a spotlight over the front door , pooling on the concrete space in front of it and spil ing over the cracked steps , the il umination tapering off once it hits the edge of faded lawn .
another man whisks the pruned bits from the lawn and into bags , which are loaded onto a motorized cart .
oh , no - they 're throwing a frisbee or studying contentedly on a green lawn in perfect temperatures .
you can have a look through the gates at the back ; that 's where the rookies have been training , on the lawns .
tilda had been right : there was a group of white - jackets on the lawn , directed by a female reph .
i looked at the lawn .
warden remained silent as we crossed a wet meadow where the lawns had been replaced by knee - deep weeds and grass .
we had brought flashlights and were telling ghost stories as a lawn mower grrrrred outside .
each house has a huge welcome mat of lawn sitting in front of it , bordered by a driveway on one side and a hedge on the other .
the lawn 's cut , the bushes are shaped , and the house itself looks well kept and inviting .
some of the houses look as big as our school and the front lawns are longer and wider than football fields .
i kept my eyes focused to the side , watching the trees fly by , broken up by the oversized homes with their landscaped lawns , feeling the crisp late september air whip against my flushed face .
the extended driveway pulled the white farmhouse with black shutters away from the road , revealing a perfectly manicured front lawn with a large maple tree that was turning a magnificent red .
the front lawn displayed perfectly trimmed hedges outlining the house .
the lawn itself was flat , but raised from the driveway , and encased by a stone wall .
there were two ride - on lawn mowers , a jet ski and some other recreational vehicles parked in the otherwise empty space .
there were people scattered on the front lawn and steps as we approached .
` ` you 're about to freeze into a lawn ornament . ''
` ` good evening , mrs . mckinley , '' evan waved from our flattened position on the snow covered lawn .
i walked down the stairs and peeked out the window that overlooked the front lawn .
i think there are a few guys sleeping on lawn chairs by the pool , a few more on the couches .
i pulled in behind her and noticed the driver 's door was still open and the front tire was on the lawn .
the grass was coated with dew , chilling my bare feet as i stepped across the back lawn .
sitting on the edge of the front lawn , as if waiting for me , were my shoes .
' we wo n't be long , ' sara assured me , pulling me away from staring at the sign - ' lionel 's funeral home ' - posted on the lawn .
rubbing the grogginess from my eyes , i pushed off the bed , walked over to the large window and looked down at the pool with the plastic lawn chairs scattered around it .
kevin lowered himself onto the lawn chair on the other side of the plastic table , grabbed a cup and scooped ice out of the bag , an unlit cigarette dangling from his mouth .
lena was standing on my front lawn in her pajamas .
i was in my jeans , because i did n't sleep in pajamas , and if amma had walked out and found me with a girl in my boxers , i would ' ve been buried under the back lawn by morning .
we walked up the front steps , and boo was sitting on the lawn , next to the flagpole .
you can help me watch the lawn to make sure no one burns a cross on it . ''
macon 's flower beds were blooming and brilliant , his trees trimmed and orderly , the broad green lawns clipped close and clean , stretching down from the great house to the santee river .
there were no sprawling lawns dotted with headstones and bent oaks .
he paused , looking out my window at the scorched lawn .
i could already see the red glare of the ambulance and fire engine parked on the lawn of the sisters ' house - or what used to be their house .
close to half the folks in gatlin were there , methodists and baptists alike - on the sidewalk , the lawn , anywhere they could elbow themselves a spot .
as ridley walked toward the gate , link kicked the lawn chair next to him , sending it flying .
lucille 's clothesline was still stretched across the lawn .
it went clattering down the stairs , rolling across the back lawn .
the cultivated lawns stretched out in front of me , but instead of headstones and mausoleums decorated with plastic cherubs and fawns , the graveyard was full of houses .
i found myself wandering across the freshly trimmed lawns , weaving between the familiar houses scattered throughout the cemetery like a tornado had lifted them right out of gatlin and dropped them here .
` ` and stay off my lawn , ethan .
i crossed the lawn and stood in the driveway , just outside the window .
a wild hen was roosting in the santa 's sled that mr . asher had put up as part of his light - up lawn display , which was awesome , because the ashers ' holiday displays were infamous .
i grabbed lena 's other hand and pulled her down the front lawn to the beater .
through the french doors of the family room , julia saw that cassie and her friends were engaged in a fiery game o duck - duck - goose on the back lawn .
the plantation - style clubhouse looked like tara itself , surrounded by manicured lawns .
nina had gone downstairs first , following caroline 's instructions to test the walkie - talkie on the far side of the lawn to best gauge its range and volume , so julia and lance were alone as they left the playroom .
i remembered tackling darren on the front lawn , a rousing snowball fight with sammy , when a soft spattering on the ground had greeted us as we exited a class last year , and ... i remembered lil .
deep puddles filled in a low spot on our lawn and the edge of the road by the sidewalk streamed like a narrow river .
< br/ > walking over the soft , shorter grass of her lawn , i studied the dark rectangles of the bottom level windows .
we cut across the frost- covered lawn to one of the covered walkways connecting smaller buildings to the main one .
as we crossed the lawn , the sentinels that had been gawking at perses did the same as seth and i neared .
racing across the now - overgrown lawn of the covenant , we passed destroyed and shattered statues of the gods .
across the lawn , about halfway between the group of soldiers and us , a mist gathered , blanketing the overgrown grass .
only the long , winding driveway and small patch of front lawn remained clear .
he looked so silly , dressed so formally among the corn and battered lawn chairs .
the door to the front lawn loomed beyond him and i had an urge to make a run for it .
except this is much darker and the figures scattered about the lawns of all of these houses are n't giant inflatable snowmen or nativity scenes .
this was a spectacular spectacular of lawn and house ornamentation .
you know the giant nutcracker we place on the lawn , near the fifteen - foot red soldier ? ''
as the group dissolves into clumps of students , and the clumps dissolve into individuals , i notice theresa grass and morgan dell already starting across the lawn toward the street .
i definitely do n't recognize the song she 's playing - or blasting , really , so loud i have to remind myself that hana 's house is shielded on four sides by trees and lawn , and no one will sic the regulators on her .
the whole area has the forlorn look of an abandoned animal : houses drooping slowly into the overgrown lawns .
the lawns have all gone wild over the years , trees stretching their gnarled branches to the sky and casting crazy zigzag shadows on the moonlit pavement .
an enormous overgrown lawn winds between ancient trees , so thick and gnarled and knotted their arms twist overhead and form a canopy .
i remember it from my childhood as a meadow , but it is actually just a lawn , closely tended and bare in patches .
at about the three - mile mark both of us are starting to lag , and by silent agreement we both cut down the sloping lawn onto the beach , flinging ourselves onto the sand , starting to laugh .
i ' ve seen her cry twice in my life : once when she broke her ankle and once last year , when she came outside and found that protesters had climbed the gate , and torn up our lawn , and pried her beautiful car into pieces .
a blur of black bats skirts past the moon , sending shadows skating across the lawn .
immediately , the normalcy of the garage reasserts itself : the car , the trash cans , the lawn mower in the corner ; cans of paint and extra tanks of gas stacked neatly in the corner , in a pyramid formation .
my mother had soft hands that smelled like soap , and a smile like the first bit of sunlight creeping over a trimmed lawn .
a linen - draped table has been set up in front of the large bay windows , which look out onto the hargroves ' well - manicured lawn and impeccable flower beds , where blooms have been organized by height , type , and color .
one of these homes - one of these glorious white houses , crowned like cakes with latticework and cupolas , ringed with wide white porches and set back from the street on vivid green lawns - is going to blow in less than an hour .
i take a deep breath and dart across the lawn and up the half - rotted steps .
as we cross the lawn toward the house , a stifled giggle disturbs the silence , followed by the sudden swell of conversation .
across an overgrown stretch of lawn , the grasses shin - high and covered with moisture , we reach a small gazebo , painted white and lined with benches .
it fell to the ground below , stabbing the lawn .
the dead lawn crunched under my feet , as i walked toward the decrepit building .
the facade was brown , the grass was fading with the upcoming frost , and there were a few evergreens on the lawn .
it was one of the huge homes that lined the waterfront , with an equally huge lawn .
i pushed through the exterior door , running full out across the back lawn of the church .
my body came crashing down on the lawn at the edge of the forest .
my hand covered my mouth , as i fell to the lawn .
i dry heaved onto the lawn .
when the drapes parted , i saw the lawn gleaming white with snow .
rubble scattered across the remains of the front lawn that was now pitted with holes and dirty snow .
i ' m pacing across one of the only other things dad 's anal about - his lawn .
the rectangular patch of grass was annoyingly fresh , and dark against the rest of the lawn , screaming to anyone who would listen about the newness of the tragedy in the beckett family .
when we reached the front lawn , jack stopped .
nathan summons the strength to hold poole back , buying me those crucial seconds , so by the time poole is on the lawn , my key is already in the ignition .
two little kids sat in an enormous sandbox that straddled the neighboring lawns , feeding sand into a wheeled and levered contraption and sifting it out in a neat , pyramid - shaped pile .
when the women heard joanna 's sliding glass door open , they turned their heads for just a moment and gazed at her disinterestedly , as though she was just another canada goose slowly meandering across their lawn .
all the lawns were sickeningly green and even , with the same red flowers in the mulched gardens off the front walks .
there were geese on charles 's back lawn , a whole flock of them .
we hopped over the curb and started across the park 's lawn , hoping to spot aleesa .
he asked , his hands tucked in his pockets as he walked across the lawn toward us .
they stretched out behind the mansion for a good half acre , with manicured lawns and winding , tree - lined paths - a good place to lose yourself for an hour or so .
by the time we 'd run around the side of the mansion and in through the front door , our feet were sticky with mud from the waterlogged lawn and we were gasping and shaking with cold .
and then on the lawn , under the stars . ''
the houses were pretty big but modest in appearance with lush lawns and white fences and lots of space between each one .
at the mention of consequences ari shot a look at jai who was sitting on a lawn chair reading a book he 'd borrowed from gerard .
haven gawked at it as they pulled onto the property , admiring the manicured lawn with elaborate fountains .
he headed for the back door , spotting them lounging on the old wicker lawn furniture as soon as he stepped outside .
but instead , he choked back the flood of emotion and kept his mouth shut as he grabbed a chair from the patio and joined them out on the lawn .
it was n't a real neighborhood - it was a tv neighborhood , where lawns are manicured and porches are made for swings and lemonade .
our feet splashed down the soggy grass as we cut across the lawn toward where madame dabney sat waiting in the car , its headlights already slicing through the gray as the wipers sloshed back and forth .
we walked farther , down a winding street with manicured lawns and perfect flower beds that could n't possibly have been mere miles from the gallagher walls .
5:00 well , the girl in me has seen the wizard of oz approximately one billion times , so i knew that dorothy 's ruby slippers must be on the other side of the grassy lawn with the rest of our national treasures .
bleachers circled behind it , facing the lawn , and from where bex and i stood it seemed like half of ohio had come out to see macey 's triumphant return .
maybe it was the way the buildings lined the grassy lawn , maybe it was the crowd of people that passed by me , but something made me think about last semester and washington , d.c .
an entire class of girls i 'd never seen before stood huddled around madame dabney , who , i could have sworn , wiped a tear from an eye when i stepped onto the lawn .
the long lawns were green , even in winter .
i was frozen , staring through the shattered window at the woman who stood atop the building across the lawn , picking up a grenade launcher and pointing it in our direction .
when we reached the end of the hall , i looked out the window and saw zach 's mother running across the lawn .
she was too transfixed by the sight of the swirling blades of the helicopter that was slowly coming to rest on our school 's back lawn .
well , almost , kat thought as she carried her bags past the once - perfect lawn .
slowly , the camera panned across a wide lawn , taking in the smiling faces and waving hands .
the wind blew through her hair , and it was easy for kat to imagine the cool breeze and warm sun on the woman 's skin , but she was n't truly comfortable there on that sunny stretch of lawn .
and even though she could have gone anywhere - done anything - she had chosen the colgan school , with its manicured lawns and ivy - covered towers .
when i walk out the front door and onto the lawn , i clasp my hands together behind my head and inhale a huge , cold breath of air .
when you disappeared they camped out on our front lawn for months .
we 're sitting on the front lawn of my grandmother/ uncle / aunt / cousin 's house .
in the end zone , after his third touchdown , he did this one move cal ed ` ` the lawn mower , '' where he pretends to start a lawn mower .
in the end zone , after his third touchdown , he did this one move cal ed ` ` the lawn mower , '' where he pretends to start a lawn mower .
it 's a cute house white paint chipping off its sides the lawn overgrown but nothing a lawn mower could n't cure .
it 's a cute house white paint chipping off its sides the lawn overgrown but nothing a lawn mower could n't cure .
in the summer , henry , carter , jj , and i like to go buy a few tubs of fried chicken , and we sit in lawn chairs in front of the big screen and try to guess what the characters are saying on the screen , because we never turn the speakers on .
the kids are already eating burgers and sipping lemonade , and he 's lounging in a lawn chair , plucking away at his guitar strings , playing classical music for them as if these woods are a cafe .
` ` can you mow the lawn tomorrow after church ? ''
matt yells to his dad , ` ` fine , i 'll mow the lawn .
and no parental units around asking me to mow the lawn . ''
i arrive in front of greenbriar to find dad and a bunch of guys sitting in lawn chairs .
i gaze at the white tent set up on the goodwins ' lawn .
chapter 17 there was cold rain all saturday , and i sat near the window watching it pepper down on the growing puddles in the lawn .
flocks of people were cutting across the lawn , streaming inside the house .
` ` i picked one up off the lawn on our way up the walk .
i studied the shadows ringing the lawn .
there was a run - down tennis court on the small lawn out front .
i thought scott might throw an even more violent rage , but he merely nailed me with a look he might give a dog if he caught it squatting on his lawn .
i was cutting across the lawn , thinking i would leave the diary on the porch , when the front door opened .
i must have walked all the way back to clementine , past the bus stop , the park , and the city swimming pool , because the next thing i remembered , i was sitting on a bench on the lawn in front of the public library .
i was n't feeling gutsy enough to open the window and have a look out , but i cupped my hands around my eyes and peered into the shadows stretched across the lawn like long , lean daggers .
chapter 6 at the high school , i found a parking space at the back of the student lot and hiked across the lawn to a side entrance .
a vindictive part of me wanted to tell her it looked like a craft store had thrown up on our lawn , but the truth was , she 'd done a nice job .
` ` this dante friend of yours has style , '' she said , eyes sweeping over the quintessential queen anne house set back from a large apron of lawn .
the lawn was lost under withered leaves .
i wake up this morning to a thin blanket of white covering our front lawn .
` ` i ' m like the post office , '' dad replies , scraping the snow off the car with one of teddy 's plastic dinosaurs that are scattered on the lawn .
bad injuries at the last yo - yo ma mosh pit , '' mom called as we walked down the lawn .
the instruments did n't blend so much as collide , like rocks caught in a lawn mower .
i think of the first time he did it , at school , sitting on the lawn , as if it were the most natural thing in the world .
adam tackled me and we laughed and squirmed around on the lawn .
when it cooled off , dad lit a campfire on the lawn , and we roasted marshmallows .
it 's early evening now and the aggressive heat has mellowed , and it 's like everyone senses that it 's safe to go out because they 're mobbing the place : spreading out picnics on the lawn , pushing jogging strollers up the paths , floating in canoes along the lily - padded lake .
past the gates , the road circled a massive green lawn strewn with metal trees , their leaves and branches glittering like tinsel as the light caught them .
we followed annwyl down twisty forest paths , over wider cement roads lined with trees , across a huge flat lawn that still had people milling about , tossing footballs or lying together on blankets , watching the stars .
` ` there 's always a few of us on the lawn at twilight - it 's one of our favorite dancing spots .
a breeze whispered across the lawn , and she shivered , hugging herself .
we continued past the lawn , walking by a large , open - air stage on the banks of a lake .
i suddenly had a vision of myself tearing across the lawn , two snarling rottweilers on my heels .
the front door creaked softly as i eased it open , peering around the front lawn and my old truck parked in the driveway .
the highway went right through city park , and i had annwyl read me the directions i 'd copied from mapquest , until we finally pulled into a near - empty lot at the edge of the lawn .
thankfully , the park fey seemed indifferent to us as we made our way toward a cluster of massive oak trees in the center of the lawn .
when we were in seventh grade he started mowing the lawn while listening to music .
i could hardly concentrate on my homework while i watched him weave back and forth across the lawn with the mower , his muscles bunching through his t - shirt as he gathered grass clippings and shoved them into garbage bags .
my favorites were dandelions , because when we were younger , leah and i used to search and pull all the dandelions from our neighbors ' lawns , sing mama had a baby and her head popped off , and flick the tops of the flowers off of the stems as we sang the word popped .
the old lady takes a lawn chair and places it right next to me so she can oversee my work .
caleb is outside mowing his lawn as i limp down the street .
i ' ve set a table inside the gazebo , complete with a three - course meal , compliments of my saved - up lawn mowing allowance and little italy restaurant .
immediately after i set the chest quietly on the frosty lawn ten stories below , legacy jumps off and runs into the darkness .
` ` maybe it 's a reminder from henri that you 're supposed to rake the lawn , '' nine says , digging through his own chest again .
my gaze drifts towards a family of sightseers as they cross the lawn , each of them taking in the world through digital cameras .
but instead of being owned by politicians and their families , the mansions and immaculately maintained lawns behind the front gates are owned by my people , the mogadorians , earth 's soon - to - be conquerors .
so when i see the vat - born openly celebrating on the lawns of ashwood estates alongside their trueborn betters , i know something huge is happening .
though i do n't know what the celebration is for , i do know why she would n't have joined the other revelers out on the lawns and street .
the rest of us were gathered on the lawn , waiting for it all to get sorted out and , for a few minutes at least , as black smoke curled from the building into the sky , it looked like maybe my stay at the lorien defense academy would be a short one .
the humming sensation rolled up her arm , reminding her of pushing a lawn mower .
i hurried across the lawn and across the driveway before i chickened out .
it glided to the curb , drifting over the lawns coated with a thin layer of snow , stopping in front of vaughn 's house .
saying good night , i made the quick and chilly trek across the lawn .
he guides me to the barred window , and i stare out at carefully manicured green lawns , and then there are trees and the edges of the marsh curling around the castle .
the lawn of the university campus is lush and green and the white buildings are clean of graffiti .
she 's pointing out over what was once a lawn , but now is just tree roots and muck .
the carefully tended lawn , once so vibrant and green , is totally obscured .
it was a wide lawn that he had n't noticed before , and quite a few of the group chose it as their bedtime spot .
once they left the lawn area and stepped onto the hard gray stone of the courtyard floor , newt broke into a run , heading for the western wall .
he crawled out from under his blanket and eagerly followed his teacher , winding his way through the crowd of gladers who slept on the lawn , their snores the only sign they were n't dead .
i ' m half afraid i 'll chuck the dumb thing across my lawn .
the trail - it hardly could be called a lane anymore - finally leveled off , the trees drew back , and much to my and my little mare 's relief , we emerged into an open , if overgrown , expanse of moonlit lawn .
halfway across the overgrown lawn , the doctor drew rein and turned in his saddle to regard the old house with its peeling paint and sagging roof , brooding in the bright morning light .
it is a false argument to assert that simply because we do not see fairies dancing upon the lawn proves naught as to their existence .
an impartial examination of the facts would lead any reasonable man to conclude that i am blameless , that i reacted with prudence and forbearance in the case , and indeed a lesser man might have squandered his energies pursuing those fairies on the lawn , which no one can see ! ''
i see my father in the final moments of his life with the same clarity i see that calendar hanging there on the wall , marking the march of my days , or the sunlight shimmering upon the lawn , where the dragon - flies hover and the butterflies dance .
what boy my age did n't dream of fleeing the well - tended lawn and lamp - lit street for the untamed wilderness , where grand adventure awaited on the other side of the horizon , where the stars burned undimmed in the velvet sky above his head and the virgin ground lay untrodden beneath his feet ?
the small crowd outside quickly swelled until two detectives had to be pulled from their grisly work to keep the human tide from flooding the front lawn .
then , without a word , he took off , leaping over a hedge and tearing down the lawn toward the fifty - ninth street entrance to the park , running as fast as his long legs could carry him , which was very fast indeed .
i did not see the monstrumologist , but i saw other patients tending shrubbery with pruning shears and watering cans , some carrying loads of laundry and baskets of bread from the washhouse and bakery , and some in leisurely perambulation about the well - tended lawn , deep in earnest conversation or convulsed in carefree laughter , as if they were holiday campers out for a sunday stroll in the park rather than patients in a lunatic asylum .
susan took us around the back of the inn , which had a huge sloping lawn .
i waited for another minute and then started across the lawn to the house .
the family that never mows their lawn .
their lawn got mowed sporadically at best .
bikes abandoned on the lawn .
jase lies on his back in the grass on our sloping lawn , and i lie , crossways , with my head on his stomach , ignoring the occasional flick of nan 's eyes .
tim skids into the driveway of campaign headquarters , where the lawn is plastered with huge red , white , and blue grace reed : our towns , our families , our future posters .
after we say bye to tim , we 're left standing on the garretts ' lawn .
so we 're all on the garretts ' lawn as the summer sky darkens .
mom sighs and walks over to the side window that overlooks the garretts ' lawn .
so today , i ' m stocking the lawn section and he comes up and asks why it 's there . ''
there 's also a big basket of gardening tools , gift - wrapped in shiny green cellophane , with a note saying we at riggio 's quality lawns are grateful for your support .
she walks over to the window overlooking the garretts ' lawn .
i still watch the garretts , relieved when i see signs of normalcy - alice lying in a lawn chair tanning or duff and harry having a squirt - gun fight .
when jase offers to mow our lawn , she tells me to thank him , but ` ` we have a service . ''
i rewound my brain to five days ago , when i had stood on nikki 's front lawn .
nikki 's dad walked across the lawn and sat by jack , keeping about a foot of space between them .
heather grabbed nat 's arm and pulled , hard , dragging her across the lawn toward the house , ignoring the sound of nat 's whimpering , the words she was muttering under her breath .
it was n't until he was four blocks away that he realized he was still holding the knife and he had dropped the baseball bat , probably on the lawn .
just beyond the back porch was an area dedicated to what looked like lawn decorations : towering limestone statues of various mythical figures dodge should probably know but did n't ; limestone benches and birdbaths full of standing water , moss , and leaves .
he banged his shin against an old lawn mower and went stumbling forward , nearly face - planting , cursing .
he was fighting a panicked feeling , a sense of dull dread in his whole body , the same feeling he 'd had two years earlier , standing on the lawn in front of the hanrahans ' house , trying to get his feet to move .
` ` you either show up at the library in fifteen minutes or i ' m bringin ' five friends to your house and we 're campin ' out on your front lawn tonight . ''
i know i have the right address because music is blarin ' out of the second - story window and kids are hangin ' out on the front lawn .
he 's on the front lawn with a bunch of the guys on the football team , and they 're not sober .
` ` we only allow immigrants to clean our houses or mow our lawns . ''
what , does reyes think that poor mexicans are only allowed on the north side to mow lawns and clean houses , too ?
i ' ve sneaked to laila 's truck , climbed in the back where she had a couple lawn chairs set up , and retrieved the book she did n't know i brought out of my bag .
stephanie sweeps her arm through the air and points to the lawn chairs set up on the side .
i sit on a lawn chair sipping water while the backyard fills up with people .
aria montgomery burrowed her face in her best friend alison dilaurentis 's lawn .
by that evening , the dilaurentises had called the police , and the next morning there were cop cars and news vans camped out on the dilaurentises ' normally pristine front lawn .
the oversize , four - paned windows faced the south lawn and beyond that , green rolling hills .
emily gestured across the street , to the large colonial house 's lawn she and her friends used to cut through on winter days to get to ali 's house faster .
there , across the lawn , was the teak deck where she and ali had played countless games of spit .
the neighbors ' lawn service guy was trimming a hedge by their front gate .
as she crossed her long , hilly lawn , she let her mind return to one of her favorite topics du jour , andrew campbell .
half of it housed the kahn horse farm ; on the other side were a huge lawn and a duck pond .
she had n't seen sean since they parked his car on the kahns ' lawn two hours ago , and even mona had vanished .
across the lawn , she could see sean running after mason byers , wielding a yellow croquet mallet .
a long , orange extension cord wound its way to the booth from noel 's house across the lawn .
james freed called from across the lawn .
mona 's mouth dropped open when she came around the corner to noel 's front lawn .
freshly delivered papers were still waiting on front lawns , wrapped in blue plastic .
but then she realized emily was halfway across her lawn , on the way to her bike .
emily stared at her , then at the scene on maya 's lawn .
she tore down across the lawn as fast as her legs would carry her .
32 a fallen star the next day , spencer stood at her old bedroom window , smoking a marlboro and looking across her lawn into alison 's old bedroom .
as she walked across her lawn to the dilaurentis house , she sensed something and turned back .
on the lawn was wren .
spencer looked around at everyone talking quietly on the lawn .
the flawlessly manicured lawns had turned a dry , dull brown , the flowers in the beds had withered , and many of the leaves on the trees had shriveled up and fallen to the ground .
spencer 's family 's two labradoodles , rufus and beatrice , bounded toward the window , probably smelling deer on the lawn .
boys played frisbee on the dry , greenish - yellow lawn , and preppy girls sipped lattes underneath the clock tower , which chimed out the hour in six deafening bongs .
a dark - haired figure stood on the lawn , a cell phone in his hand .
aria spotted kelsey across the kahns ' expansive lawn .
then she wheeled around and marched across the lawn to kelsey .
but while the visions she 'd had of kelsey and tabitha had vanished , the real kelsey stood a few feet away on the lawn with amelia and some of the other orchestra girls , here for their evening practice .
the girls walked across the lawn toward the parking lot .
a chipmunk skittered across the lawn .
when spencer returned from florida last night , there were four media vans on her front lawn and a camera crew near the family 's converted barn apartment at the back of the property .
she tipped her bike onto the crushed - gravel drive , plopped down under a lavender weeping willow , and ran her fingers through the soft , clipped lawn .
they heard a splash from a backyard pool and the groan of a lawn mower in the distance .
` ` absolutely not , '' emily stated , thinking about how gleefully ali had pirouetted across the lawn the day before , celebrating the end of seventh grade .
none of them could have predicted that by the following day , the dilaurentises ' front lawn would be filled with news vans and police cars .
four ambulances barreled onto the hastingses ' lawn , giving no heed to the perfectly shaped shrubs and flower beds .
sirens whooped , and the vehicle rolled slowly off the lawn .
the hastingses ' lawn was crisscrossed with tire treads from the emergency vehicles that had rushed to the fire .
closer to the house was the spot where she and her friends had collapsed on the lawn after running from the flames .
a couple of black leaves blew across the lawn into ali 's yard , coming to a stop near the half - dug hole where ali 's body had been found .
the lawn was covered with morning frost , the red mailbox flag was up , and a couple of coupon circulars were scattered on the thomases ' driveway .
chapter 17 just another kegger at the kahns ' by the time aria and mike pulled up to the kahns ' monstrosity of a house on thursday night , there were already tons of cars parked in the driveway and on the lawn .
aria caught sight of mike way at the edge of the lawn , horsing around with james freed .
all their cars were along the curb next to the dilaurentises ' lawn .
a bunch of tree surgeons had hacked away at the brambles with chain saws , leaving a big pile of dead timber on the lawn .
` ` and sometimes you just do n't know what 's going on inside of people , '' aria added , thinking about how ali had happily pirouetted across the lawn the evening seventh grade ended , seemingly overjoyed to see her best friends .
if anyone ever asked , if anyone recognized it , she would say she 'd found it on the lawn of the dilaurentises ' poconos house after the explosion , even though it was n't the truth .
the snowdrifts on the lawn glistened eerily , crusted over with ice .
when ali noticed three shirtless guys playing frisbee on the lawn , she reached over and pressed on the horn .
instantly , ali started across the lawn , not caring if her brand - new white maloles flip - flops got grass stains .
they circled the driveway and passed the obsessively manicured topiaries and the glassy - eyed patients on the lawn .
often , when she slept over here , she 'd see deer on hanna 's front lawn in the morning , and it was dark enough up on the mountain to see tons of stars at night .
spencer was still in the exact spot when ali crossed the lawn .
halfway across her lawn , she heard a rustling sound behind her and thought it might be spencer , coming to tell her everything .
ali shrugged and stared out at the lawn .
a lawn mower buzzed in the distance , and bees flitted around the newly sprung daffodils .
her neighbor on the corner was out on his riding mower , making perfect stripes on the lawn .
ali watched through the window as aria spilled out from the backseat , pirouetted onto the lawn , and buried her face in the grass .
aria hefted the baby seat higher in her arms , and both girls staggered across the front lawn .
the windows were dark , and there were a bunch of wrapped newspapers on the lawn , a sure sign that the family was on vacation .
` ` goodness , their lawn looks terrible , '' she murmured .
` ` there was a for sale sign on the lawn , and the house looked empty .
there were a bunch of cars parked in the driveway , and more kids were making their way up the front lawn .
mourners in black crammed the lawn , giving aria an eerie sense of deja vu .
the abbey 's nave was even more crowded than the lawn , the air humid and stuffy with bodies and the noise level deafening .
the rain had drowned perfectly manicured lawns and the first blooms in organic vegetable gardens , turning everything to mud .
the lawn was still empty .
the picture was in black and white , and something at the very edge of the back lawn flickered into view .
and now , one well - placed call from a , and i 'll have a swat team on my lawn . ''
iris tossed the flower onto the lawn .
emily pocketed the cell phone with ali 's picture and followed her downstairs , out the back door , and onto the lawn .
she 'd already cruised around rosewood and hollis , as if he 'd just be strolling up and down lancaster avenue or walking on the hollis great lawn without a care in the world .
two brawny , college - age boys loaded the lawn mowers onto the trailer behind their truck .
she felt almost airy as she walked across the front lawn .
11 one man 's trash ... on wednesday afternoon , spencer and chase stood on the lawn of mr . pennythistle 's model home .
birds chirped from the branches of the big oak on the front lawn .
tulips sprung from the flower beds in the front lawn .
the agents strode across the lawn toward the girls , their faces grave .
she 'd never known mr . hastings well - even on weekends , he was always out doing something , whether it was going on marathon bike rides or taking care of the lawn or playing a round of golf - but he 'd always seemed friendly and caring .
mr . fields just stood there on the lawn , hands in his pockets , a forlorn expression on his face .
a couple of neighbors stood on the adjacent lawns to gawk .
on the lawn , kids were marching up the stage and collecting their diplomas to thunderous applause .
the car sped down the country road that led to the bridge , whipping by a cheese farm , an enormous estate surrounded by acres of lawn , and a fancy restaurant tucked into an old barn .
the sun came out from behind a cloud , making slanted stripes across the vast front lawn .
she peered all the way to the left , and there they were , making a big circle on the front lawn .
1 and we thought we were friends spencer hastings stood on the apple - green lawn of the rosewood abbey with her three ex - best friends , hanna marin , aria montgomery , and emily fields .
when mike did n't answer , she walked out onto the lawn and stood in his path .
to her right , the do not cross tape was still all over the dilaurentises ' lawn .
she had n't spoken to them since before ali 's funeral - she 'd driven there alone and had barely seen them afterward on the lawn .
she glanced out the window , but there was no one on her lawn .
it was a guy , his voice loud and grating like a lawn mower .
then aria took the others ' hands and they strode across emily 's lawn , treading straight through a flower bed .
how her feet rubbed against the grooves in the dilaurentises ' living room wood floor as she stood at the window , watching ali run across the cavanaughs ' lawn .
she turned to look at jenna , who was standing across the lawn with her mom , talking to a reporter .
it took emily two minutes to slip out the back door , sprint across her vast , slippery lawn , and dive into the woods to the secluded little creek .
when she got out onto hollis 's green lawn again , she started gleefully , crazily laughing .
the only thing she could see of her neighbors ' yard was their unfortunate collection of birdbaths , stone animals , and lawn jockeys .
every morning , sean ran six miles , did drills , and kicked practice goals into a net set up on the ackards ' lawn until it was time to leave for school .
it was set on acres and acres of rolling hills and beautifully tended lawns , and some of the headstones dated back to the 1700s .
they flew over the old hollis neighborhood , with its victorian houses and messy front lawns .
it had an avant - garde obelisk on the front lawn that was nicknamed william penn 's penis .
aria spun her bike 's pedals with her foot and watched a squirrel run across the purple house 's lawn .
a breeze kicked up , making the flag on the porch of an old victorian house flap and a jack - o'-lantern - shaped leaf bag on its front lawn flutter .
snow is falling , blanketing rosewood 's perfectly manicured lawns and dusting the tops of luxury suvs .
` ` yeah , well , everyone was really into the way you put together that impromptu nativity play on mr . larsen 's lawn , '' vince answered .
emily wheeled her bike up the lawn , stopped at a giant tree in the backyard , and gazed at the rickety remains of the old tree house in its tall branches .
emily recalled her mother hauling a ceramic baby jesus out of the attic on thanksgiving , nestling it into the backseat of the car , and proudly pointing it out in the nativity scene on the church lawn every sunday after that .
they ' ve been terrorizing neighborhoods , stealing decorations and messing up lawns .
then the crowd parted , and she spotted four figures lounging on plastic lawn chairs next to the radiator in the front room .
moments later , she appeared with another lawn chair and plunked it down next to her .
she sat in the lawn chair , suddenly feeling kind of amazing .
emily shifted her butt in the uncomfortable lawn chair , wishing she could find the right words to say to make everything better .
she thought about how cassie had pulled up a lawn chair for her at the party .
all the front lawns .
when she looked out the window , the snow had already left a dusting on the front lawn .
she was standing on a lawn outside a courthouse .
she could practically feel the crisp autumn air and smell the crabapple trees on rosewood day 's front lawn .
muffled noises from the party drifted across the lawn .
jenna had also recently lingered on aria 's front lawn , looking as though she needed to tell aria something .
now that everyone presumed that ian was innocent - and dead - the town had set up a series of wreaths , lacrosse sticks , and old rosewood day soccer jerseys on the thomases ' muddy lawn in his memory .
and remember that girl who trotted out to the lawn and talked to you ?
she crawled to the porch and then to the lawn , sprawling on the cold , wet grass .
31 the remaining pieces spencer lay coughing on the lawn a safe distance away from the house , melissa out cold next to her .
a terrified squirrel skittered down a nearby tree and took off across the lawn .
glass rained onto the lawn , and the girls covered their heads .
hanna and her friends sipped in silence , staring out at the lawn .
the cavanaugh house had been dark since jenna 's death , a for sale sign on the front lawn .
spencer followed melissa across the lawn , admiring her sister 's soft red cashmere v - neck sweater and black skinny jeans .
tim richardson owns a mammoth - size , ozone - killing truck , which is good , because the four guys sitting on lawn chairs on the back of it easily weigh 275 pounds each .
tim 's lawn chair moves with him as he stands .
the lawn ornament at the other end of the island has officially become annoying .
in the middle of a ring of worn lawn chairs , isaiah talks to noah , a redheaded girl tucked close to noah , and one of the latino guys from the stoop .
for effect , rico stands in the middle of the circle of lawn chairs and in slow motion reenacts how isaiah and i kept him from being busted for underage drinking this summer by distracting a pair of cops with a very bad mime routine .
we grew our own plants for a while , just outside , on the lawn .
when i was done , i looked to my brother , still there on the yellowing lawn , and took a deep breath , steeling myself for what i was about to do .
he held his other hand in front of him , panning it as if to wipe away their surroundings - the green lawns of armedius academy - and replace them with the dueling arena .
people crossed the lawn outside , many dressed in the white and grey of rithmatists .
joel dashed down the stairs across the springy lawn , catching up to professor fitch .
finally , joel sighed , turning his own course across the lawn toward the campus office building .
some nights , joel went out onto the lawn and read books by lanternlight , but that tended to get him into trouble .
joel was out the office door a few heartbeats later , running across the lawn toward history class .
he breathed in deeply , enjoying the scent of the flowering trees and the recently cut lawn .
chapter 8 joel crossed the lawn toward the dining hall .
she joined him , and they rushed from the room back across the lawn .
he slowly crossed the lawn , his thoughts a jumble , and found himself wandering around the rithmatic campus .
he walked away across the lawn .
trees dotted the lawn , keeping most of the green shaded , and the front of the mansion sported stately white pillars .
the lawn smelled freshly cut and was well - groomed .
police officers scuttled about the front lawn , and a contingent of them stood guarding the gate .
harding froze in place on the lawn .
the police remained inside ; joel strolled along the lawn outside with melody .
he glanced back and saw a small wave of whiteness following him across the lawn .
his family lives in one of those developments where all the lawns are artificially green and all the houses look like they 're from a magazine .
we bought lawn ornaments and twinkle lights , learned to ride bikes without training wheels .
allie found mikey a street away , stomping on a huge lawn , watching the ripples it created in the living world .
the lawns are manicured , the sidewalks are clean , but there 's too much concrete .
it 's not like in the movies when the new girl steps out of her car onto the lawn of the new school , clutching her books , everyone stopping what they 're doing to stare .
i sat on the lawn of that hospital and i cried tears of joy , because caulder was okay .
he mowed the lawns and did repairs , but there was n't normally enough to keep the man busy .
the lawn looked like it belonged in front of museum or a hotel .
i was some trailer trash from a town in west texas so tiny it could ' ve fit into the entire lawn of one of these north shore homes .
an irrational fear lurked in the back of my mind : that when i crossed over onto the hotel - like lawn , floodlights would shine down and dogs would attack me and sirens would sound off , repeating one word , ` ` fraud .
initially i wanted the biggest house with the biggest lawn and the biggest dock until she convinced me that no one was doubting the size of my dick anymore except , maybe , me .
` ` school night , kids , '' donna says , and then pays the bill while we all try to mess up each other 's hair on the lawn outside of friendly 's .
the front of the methodist retirement home has these huge slavery - times plantation columns and a porch with wooden rocking chairs that look out over a big old rolling lawn , but i use the back entrance , where you have to sign in and pass through security , which - on wednesday afternoons - is pretty much door woman lucy .
kiran seemed to be leading the attack , moving stealthily across the front lawn and toward the house .
` ` it means that we have more important things to discuss , and you better use your time wisely , or i will take up most of it , '' she answered cryptically and then led the way to a couple of beat up plastic lawn chairs that denoted her place of honor in the small community .
we turn into the broad sweep of synthetic lawn that curves around the stern of the ship as the lights , timed to the ship 's clocks , dim past sunset into dusk .
i nearly stumble as she stops abruptly , but thankfully i catch myself before i can face - plant on the synthetic lawn .
the backyard had been set up with white lawn chairs for the ceremony , all facing towards the woods where irini and aidan would stand before magnus .
kicking off her shoes she turned and ran down the porch stairs , past the lawn chairs and into the woods , not stopping until she was at least five minutes from the house .
it flowed over her feet , splashing her legs , and she knew she 'd never outrun it- then suddenly , swiftly , the wave retreated , out of the parking lot , back down the lawn , washing almost everything on the shore into the bay .
the door opened to a lawn eureka had never seen before .
laura 's clique mingled across the lawn , passing tin trays of cajun hors d'oeuvres .
cat and eureka passed a tribe of pilgrim - costumed freshmen gathered around a fire pit in the center of the lawn , their faces lit orange and yellow by the flames .
when polaris reached the end of shady circle , he cut behind the guillots ' lawn and flew toward an unfenced entrance to the bayou .
she waved as if she were friendly , then turned right to cut through the guillots ' lawn .
eureka 's eyes traveled past the porch to the lawn .
` ` i think this pep talk has gone on long enough , '' the seedbearer in the gray suit called from the lawn .
the bad weather had n't blown over , but somehow the twins , and the seedbearers , and the lawn they stood on , were n't getting wet .
eureka 's shout echoed across the lawn .
she would n't be burnt up , lying dead on the lawn .
the flood had already crested the flight of stairs leading from the lawn to her back porch .
the grass had just been cut and the lawn - mowing guy was still cleaning up the piles of cut grass that the lawnmower had spit out .
seth nods as we veer around the side of the humanities building and hike diagonally across the lawn toward the sidewalk that borders the street .
we followed a path that curved behind the palace and deeper into the grounds , passing a hedge maze , a rolling lawn with a columned temple at its center , and a vast greenhouse , its windows clouded with condensation .
genya took my arm and led me outside onto an arched wooden arcade that overlooked a rolling green lawn .
as we were crossing the western lawn , i suddenly got the feeling that someone was watching me .
i was grateful for every sweaty hour as i jogged over lawns and between trees .
` ` i was groomed for lawn tennis and champagne parties , '' nikolai said .
chapter 13 the winding white gravel path led us through the palace grounds , past the rolling lawns and follies , and the high walls of the hedge maze .
i managed a laugh as we crossed the lawn down to the stables .
i followed tamar out of the little palace and across the lawns .
chapter 21 i drifted through the half - light , past the silent lawns covered in mist , the clouded windows of the greenhouse .
we tore across the lawn and in through the door that led to the darkling 's chambers .
simon was still sprawled on the lawn , but his hand reached up for his medallion and before trey had moved more than a few steps , he was gone .
the lawn was meticulously manicured and each gravesite was filled with trinkets and flowers .
they walked past girls dancing on the lawn , on the furniture , everywhere .
we 're sitting outside in two lawn chairs , having a beer and listening to the live music playing on the beach or in the park , in the distance somewhere .
sure enough , across the street , a diligent gardener in a blue baseball cap walks the perimeter of the donovans ' front lawn in increasingly wider circles .
` ` anyhow , it 's not a bad job , really , '' he says , gesturing to the wide , green expanse of the donovans ' lush lawn .
kids stand on the front lawn , too , and , not surprisingly , every boy we pass stares at us .
and then , from across the lawn , i see a rustling of the hedges as the gate from the front drive swings open .
in fact , i think i left it somewhere back on nisha 's front lawn , or buried deep in the crags of sabino canyon .
emma dropped the tote on the faux wrought - iron patio table , plopped down in a plastic lawn chair , and craned her neck upward .
sprinklers hissed on the lawn across the street , and little kids in plaid school uniforms waited at the corner for the bus .
she emerged on a narrow strip of lawn and burst through the station doors .
a lush green lawn surrounded them on either side , complete with saguaro cacti , flowering trumpet bushes , and creosote plants .
` ` i ' m not sure what you think i- '' ` ` i 'd like my grand theft auto game back , '' garrett interrupted , turning to face the mercers ' impeccable lawn .
she ran across the mercers ' lawn with ethan close on her heels .
each time she stood at the window ledge , looking out on the perfectly manicured lawn that thayer had scurried across just hours before , the same thoughts ran through her head , over and over .
as she crossed to the front lawn , she noticed everyone was buzzing excitedly .
charlotte sipped from her own cup of coffee and looked around the lawn .
they were silent for a little while , driving down the dark streets past the adobe houses and gravel lawns .
she dragged one of the wooden chaise lounges to the darkest corner of the lawn , then stretched out on it .
sparrows sat on the thin branches of an oak tree at the edge of the yard and the setting sun cast long shadows onto the slightly overgrown lawn .
the mercers ' impeccable lawn stretched in waves of green before her , not a white wicker lawn chair or potted plant out of place .
she trudged across the front lawn , instantly getting soaked , wondering how she was going to get back to the mercers .
they pushed through two glass doors that emptied onto a long stretch of lawn abutting the track .
she opened the gate and they crossed the patch of lawn that stretched before the white starting line .
emma asked as ethan jogged across the lawn .
a for sale sign was tipped over in the front lawn , long abandoned .
` ` very funny , '' ethan said , glancing across the lawn .
they pushed onto the front lawn and took a sharp left , dodging kids carrying instrument cases , a girl with her nose stuck in a book , and a couple making out next to the water fountain .
at that moment the doors to the school flung open , and ms . ambrose , the principal , burst onto the lawn .
her heart lurched when she saw a dark shape reclined in a lawn chair .
she let go of drake 's collar and he trotted across the lawn to sniff a cluster of azaleas .
grandma mercer made room for emma on the end of her dark green lawn chair .
grandma mercer tapped her cigarette on the lawn chair 's handrail , a pensive look on her lined face .
and there in the front lawn , standing underneath the large oak tree , was a woman with stringy dark hair and a round face .
next door all of the girls on the tennis team are on nisha 's lawn , secretly smoking cigarettes .
across the lawn , emma watched as the funeral officiant leaned over to talk to dr . banerjee , who had n't moved from his seat , a faraway look on his face .
a small strip of lawn stretched out between the building and the sidewalk , a beat - up picnic table carved with graffiti of ages past chained to a handicapped parking sign .
back on the lawn , mr . mercer had taken a few uncertain steps toward her .
emma and laurel had both been surprised when the mercers said they would be missing school that day - until they looked out at the front lawn and saw the crowd of news vans gathered outside .
` ` you spent most of the day on our front lawn , you gargoyle . ''
she pulled him along behind her , cutting across a corner lawn now to keep as far from the car as she could .
movement from across the lawn caught her eye .
emma shouted , throwing me a look that screamed i 'd done wrong in defending her , as she rushed over to where ty adorned the stanford lawn .
the front lawn was smothered with the puking ` ` girls '' like she 'd said , but even more were passed out cold and , thankfully less , girls having clothed sex with guys spewed over crippled lawn furniture .
the front lawn was smothered with the puking ` ` girls '' like she 'd said , but even more were passed out cold and , thankfully less , girls having clothed sex with guys spewed over crippled lawn furniture .
i was out the door and loping across the lawn towards the mustang before anyone knew i 'd left .
rolling down the street of a residential area that had probably been nice seventy years ago , i caught the number i was looking for fading from the mailbox slanting in the front lawn .
a voice charged across the lawn at me as one of the scarlett brothers turned his attention from the game of street ball .
weaving her elbow through mine , she led me across the front lawn that was more soil than sod .
` ` dinner 's in five , '' emma yelled across the lawn at the foursome , two of which were swinging from the rim like a couple of monkeys .
someone like her came from a two - story colonial with emerald green lawns and pancakes and maple syrup present in the air no matter what time of day it was .
she gestured at me to follow her as she crossed the lawn toward the back corner .
she snapped free of my arms and was off the trampoline and jogging across the lawn before i could miss the heat of her body beside mine .
i launched into a sprint across the lawn , hardly able to wait tackling the sob .
when she had me upright and a body length away from the human sized lawn gnome decorating the grass , she pressed her hand to my chest , looking at me hard .
i did n't let out so much as a sharp breath , nor did the behemoth sized man i was mowing the stanford lawn with , although there was n't enough rationality left for me to be grateful for our quiet so emma could continue on her oblivious way .
i flew across the lawn , my ass punching a crater into the ground when i landed .
dodging an obstacle course of lawn toys , a precariously positioned pair of tiny roller skates , and one tricycle laying on its side , i loped over to the patch of lawn where my brothers had erected a volleyball net .
dodging an obstacle course of lawn toys , a precariously positioned pair of tiny roller skates , and one tricycle laying on its side , i loped over to the patch of lawn where my brothers had erected a volleyball net .
i stayed there , straddling the lawn , for a while .
swaybacked roofs , stark concrete porches , scabby trees , bald lawns .
suddenly , i ' m moved to jump the curb and drive across the barren lawns .
there 's a rickety lawn chair stationed in the middle of the yard , and two beer cans lie in the grass a couple of feet away .
i vaguely remember sitting in that lawn chair at some point , but i do n't remember how i got there .
then all of a sudden , there it is - my car , sitting sideways in the middle of a lawn .
one of aimee 's customer 's lawns yet .
for a second the vision of me cutting across lawns yelling at the top of my lungs shoots through my mind .
getting it off the lawn is simple in concept but not so simple to actually do .
all i could do was go over and help him mow the lawn now and then before he got sucked underneath the mower and spit out the side like a batch of hamburger meat .
and one time , we made a fort out of lawn chairs and blankets and sat inside while dad told werewolf stories and mom leaned into his side , looking at him like he was the original mr .
lawn ornaments , bird baths , flower pots .
this idea comes to me that we 're all grass blades on the same lawn .
guys like chad lammel pass by in the hall and go , ` ` hey , sutter , where 's puke - a - reena , '' or ` ` has puke - a - reena busted up any more lawn furniture lately ? ''
the front lawn was manicured , and even in the rain , servants bustled around the property , bringing in food , flowers , and other supplies .
lysandra began screaming , but celaena just walked out of the front doors , across the lawn of the keep , and kept walking until the capital swallowed her up .
it was craig who suggested the lawn in front of their high school .
but on the lawn , they would n't be in anyone 's way .
since there is rarely anything to do on a saturday night in harry and craig 's town , a lot of people are dropping by the lawn of the high school to see the two boys kissing .
jim puts up more lights so the lawn can be seen more clearly .
except on the front lawn of the local high school .
around town , it feels like an ordinary day , but also not , if you know what 's happening on the lawn outside the high school .
she must have relayed the message , because the girls on the lawn moved into a round formation and started walking in unison .
a few sat down on the stairs of the house and some others stretched out on the lawn .
the consensus of the rush committee was to use the image that had them circled around the alpha phi sign on the front lawn .
noah led us to a table on the far side against windows overlooking the north lawn and residence halls .
off balance , i crash onto the lawn , a tangle of limbs and wings .
it 's so dark in the backyard that i ca n't see much past the edge of the lawn .
jeffrey folds his wings slightly , makes them smaller , and turns his back to me as he walks over to the edge of the lawn where i left the duffel bag .
when i come down in my backyard , i let go of tucker and we both stumble and fall onto the lawn .
he lands at the edge of the lawn , wild - eyed like something 's after him .
i turn around to see a tall blond man in a boxy brown suit and a black fedora - i ' m thinking circa 1965 - standing on the lawn .
` ` no stories about how when you were three you pooped on the neighbor 's lawn . ''
gray was on the lawn , throwing a football with one of the guys from the house .
i sat there in my idling truck and watched the guys and girls on the front lawn , some staring at me and others admiring gray 's form as he loped toward the garage .
later that evening , i settled at the far back lawn , trying to get away from the noise and crowd .
she waved her hand , gesturing toward the front lawn where people were still making use of the makeshift slip and slide .
he knocked me right on my ass , my head thudding against the lawn .
ignoring the screams from the girls and the ` ` what the hells '' from the guys , i dragged him outside onto the lawn and pushed him down on the ground .
the snow sparkled where it was illuminated by the lampposts that marched along the sidewalks , intersecting the campus lawns .
i pointed out a recently - painted sign proclaiming that the postage - stamp - sized lawn was ` ` randolph park . ''
i think i can avoid getting raped and murdered on someone 's croquet lawn , okay ? ''
the library was at the end of the road , rising out of the bright green lawn like some kind of medieval church .
i wanted to fling the sword to the ground and sink into a lawn chair next to her , but instead , i put the sword back in the house and wheeled the dummy back onto the patio .
` ` i ' m not , '' i told her , grabbing my coat from the back of a lawn chair .
the third time had been because david texted me that he 'd seen some weird dude lurking outside the school , but it had been the new lawn guy .
the place is on seventy - five fenced - in acres , in the middle of a weedy field that was once a lawn , which is surrounded on all sides by dense woods .
` ` not the shiniest easter egg on the lawn , '' the admiral says , ` ` but he 's very sincere . ''
moments later he 's racing across the lawn away from the house , toward his friends in the waiting jeeps , while an ominous glow rises within the house behind him .
risa sits on a plush lawn chair in the backyard of the cliffside estate , looking out at the tropical sunset , pondering these things and trying to infuse perspective and peace back into her mind .
a man shouts from the porch , his toupee as artificial as his lawn .
starkey sits in a lawn chair , his head leaning back .
their new reality includes clinics that have popped up nationwide like mushrooms on an overwatered lawn , each of them advertising young , healthy parts .
he sees a woman in a white coat race across the lawn and behind a building , trying to use a cell phone - but the joke 's on her .
there are maybe two hundred people spread out on blankets and lawn chairs picnicking and enjoying the warm august day .
the back doors of the van open , a team of armed men pile out , and without a sound they steal across the lawn toward the house .
the house was packed , standing room only , and people spilled out onto the front porch and the lawn .
in the dim light cast across the lawn noah saw teagan standing facing him triumphantly , two soul eater bodyguards on either side of him .
for people who could n't travel , kansas protests were being set up on the lawns of every state capitol in the nation .
i find her in the front yard , staring at the mess littering the lawn and the trees .
i intend to watch random videos , but instead i search online for the pictures of ashtyn 's front lawn .
pictures of the tampons and pads strewn on the lawn were uploaded today .
on my front lawn , bree and monika start clapping and moving their bodies like they 're made of some secret flexible material .
after glancing at me again he says , ` ` well , i ' m gon na see if i can get the lawn mower started .
derek is mowing the lawn while listening to music with his earbuds .
my heart is racing as i peek through one of the windows in the den and watch derek push our lawn mower through the tall grass .
derek has strong , capable hands that mow lawns and fix old sheds with rusty hammers .
a crowd of parents and teens are scattered across the lawn .
not more than a hundred yards away , through the tall trees in the garden , across the mown lawns and the tidy flower - beds , the massive shape of the palace itself loomed through the darkness .
the bfg pointed through a gap in the bushes , and there , not more than fifty yards away , she saw a man padding softly across the lawn .
twenty - four feet tall , wearing his black cloak with the grace of a nobleman , still carrying his long trumpet in one hand , he strode magnificently across the palace lawn towards the window .
down below , a gardener was coming across the lawn with a wheelbarrow .
not more than a hundred yards away , through the tal trees in the garden , across the mown lawns and the tidy flower - beds , the massive shape of the palace itself loomed through the darkness .
twenty - four feet tall , wearing his black cloak with the grace of a nobleman , stil carrying his long trumpet in one hand , he strode magnificently across the palace lawn towards the window .
i decided that i would creep out of the laboratory shed , along the wall to the edge of the lawn and then into the border of azaleas and bay laurels that bordered the garden there .
then all of this - ' and this was the tangle of brambles , the unkempt world behind the lawn - ' will become a dozen identical houses and gardens .
i ran from her - ran as fast as i could , across the fairy ring , up the lawn , past the rose bushes , past the coal shed and into the house .
we walked across the lawn , rapidly .
i watched the torchlight move back across the lawn , past the rose bushes and up towards the house , until it went out , and was lost to sight .
it crouched on the front lawn , gnarling at them .
coraline watched as the cat walked slowly across the lawn .
no one walked the manicured lawn .
smiling students on manicured lawns under a sunny sky .
well - manicured lawns and pretty brick buildings were everywhere .
dania , after giving me a quick kiss on the cheek , ran over to a guy who was sat in a lawn chair by the bonfire .
not being able to stop myself , i started walking across the lawn .
flynn had gotten violently angry , turning over a table and kicking over lawn chairs .
after class , i gathered my things and walked with purposeful strides across the manicured lawns .
a glossy brochure showing pretty manicured lawns and impressive brick buildings stared back at me .
i had yet to see the smiling residents sipping their coffee or a friendly game of badminton on the lawn that graced the advertisements .
after another two twists of the trail , the trees spread wider apart to reveal a manicured lawn .
like a lawn growing dandelions , a herd of brontosauruses rose into sight .
the flat emerald sail of lawn complemented the pressed pearl - gray sheet of ocean behind it .
i turned from the window in a slow circle , my eyes tracing a line of the room 's encompassing beauty , its fireplace and four - poster , its paintings and bookshelves , skirted dressing table and crowned armoire , back to the window with its view of green lawn , blue sky , oyster sea .
` ` on the lawn .
` ` and who were you running around with on the lawn earlier ? ''
because i saw him earlier , on the lawn .
milo was on the front lawn , bare - chested and juggling an assortment of objects .
hundreds of them lining the road all the way to the church doors , and more parked skew up the lawn and along the cemetery gates .
maureen stone : when everyone was gone - when the kids who 'd been camping out on our lawn had packed off to catch up with their own lives , and charlie had headed out to be with his friends , and roy 'd slunk off to bed - my girl was still gone , too .
bramble circle , where we lived , had friendly neighbors and clean lawns .
sleeping out on the lawn .
she was building some sort of gate on the lawn , she worked on it for four days solid , and then she abandoned it .
i turned to ele and asked , ` ` are my eyes going , or did the easter bunny vomit all over roy stone 's front lawn ? ''
after commencement , they were standing around on the school 's back lawn .
so there were already plenty of other guests , and caterers passing out the champagne and hors d'oeuvres , and there was a jazz trio on the lawn , and my instinct was , ` ` oh , everything looks perfect , addison will get over her jitters , she 'll forget about lincoln .
she was in a long white dress against the deep green lawn .
i creep up along the edge of the lawn , darting from tree to tree .
my breath has turned the glass opaque , and i wipe away the fog to stare outside , far across the lawn .
hesitant to use the lantern , i let the watery moonlight guide me down the lawn .
beyond the spire of first parish , beyond the snowy lawn of the old burying ground , a cluster of mourners has gathered around a fresh grave .
my footprints crushing an intruder 's path all the way across the velvety green lawn .
he 's downshifting himself through the wild grasses of the steep - sloped front lawn .
first sniffing down the lawn to the source .
sweat and sunshine and green lawn and mesquite chips and drinkable yogurt and asphalt .
pausing at the living room window , i stared across the long lawn to where one of our unknown , unfriendly neighbors was puttering in her garden .
suddenly mrs . checkers looked up across the lawn to where i was watching her .
mrs . checkers 's property was adjacent to camelot , but there was a huge lawn separating us .
i jumped up and doubled back across the lawn .
or call 911 while i was running across the lawn ?
` ` lawn 's wrecked , '' he commented .
outside , the whale is beached at an angle on the lawn .
` ` give me a few minutes , '' she murmurs as they cut up the lawn .
it had a neat lawn with a tidy fence .
or caught under a lawn mower .
she followed nate across his lawn to where a whitish rock shaped roughly like a football sat between two low bushes .
nate was about to land on the lawn .
as he was about to land a few feet beyond the edge of the roof , something whacked into his side and thrust him brusquely down to the lawn .
the man was holding nate high , so he had a good view of trevor dashing toward them across the lawn .
trevor extended a hand and touched the man on the chest , and with a burst of light the man was flung across the lawn .
nate suffered the electric jolt as well , muscles clenching involuntarily , but while the man went cartwheeling across the lawn , nate took off like a rocket .
he had grabbed both of his grandpa 's shovels - the one with the square head and the one with the head more shaped for scooping - and gone to a patch of ground beyond the lawn where dry weeds were withering .
quirky items cluttered the yard : a sculpture made of bicycle wheels , an inflatable elvis , an aluminum totem pole , a miniature windmill with rotating sails , a giant ceramic boot with flowers sprouting out the top , along with other more conventional eccentricities like wind chimes , bird feeders , lawn gnomes , and pink flamingos .
his feet had hardly left the sidewalk when a powerful force slammed into him from behind , carrying him across the street low and fast , two bodies spiraling through the air until the dwarf hit the ground first and they rolled to a stop on the narrow front lawn of an antique store .
not wanting to gain more altitude , nate kicked off the trunk , floating sideways through a gap in the branches , arcing down and alighting on the weedy back lawn of a one - story home .
` ` this way , '' he said , riding his bike onto the lush lawn encompassing the library .
the front lawn of 3488 winding way began to flutter and grow .
the strip of lawn and trees along the river provided a place for toddlers to play , dogs to fetch , old folks to sit , and many to stroll .
they strolled through a cafeteria , then crossed a recreation area where clusters of people bowled wooden balls across a carefully manicured lawn .
` ` not on his lawn . ''
the lawn had lots of cardboard headstones , with an occasional plastic hand or leg poking up through the grass .
the only greenery came from a few narrow lawns and some neatly squared hedges .
eyes squinted against the damp wind , cole glimpsed a distant castle in the twilight , surrounded by wide grounds with walls and fences , fountains and statues , lawns and trees .
on a wide lawn below waited a human figure surrounded by a group of crude , thick - limbed giants .
` ` would you please just let me- '' ` ` pound them into the lawn ? ''
cole looked beyond her to where a large warrior led a group of others in full armor across the lawn .
the castle grounds had little light , and though the stars were bright , no moon was in view , making it hard to discern the hedges , lawns , trees , and fountains , except as vague forms in the dimness .
maybe by chucking in a lawn mower .
jason had trained him , and had paid for the sofa he chewed up by mowing lawns and washing cars .
peacocks strutted about the lawn , some fanning out their spectacular plumage .
green manicured lawns crossed with stone paths led between the various departments , each built in a unique architectural fashion .
the monsters playing tag on the lawn had n't discovered it yet .
i turn my head away from the sound of her voice and stare out the window at the sunlight reflecting against a lawn ornament shaped like a tulip , and hug the teddy bear against my chest , the one my dad gave me as an early birthday present the day before he died .
but then i step into a divot in the lawn and my ankle rolls awkwardly .
luke stares through the windshield at the trailer house and the people passed out in lawn chairs on the front porch .
there 's vomit on the lawn and gravel and the front door to the trailer is agape .
seth appears across the lawn , heading around the trees toward us , smoking a cigarette .
the old mower kept on , eating its way over the lawn and plowing under a bed of late mums before cratering their shed .
this was a man who never had two nickels to rub together ; who always kept the money chris made from summer lawn mowing jobs .
i did lawns this summer , so i took it out to make room for the mower .
buford 's finest had n't had much to investigate since someone had stolen larry bushman 's lawn mower six months ago .
i did n't see the crystal vase she wanted anywhere , and i could feel my lunch threatening again , so i hauled everything out and joined the girls on the front lawn , waiting for trip and sarah to finish .
arriving at the most luxurious house i 'd ever seen , we pulled up to the back lawn , at the end of a pristine pool , and the boys got out to unpack charlotte 's kit .
but a block party - you 're just a bunch of kids in someone 's front lawn .
i stood there in the middle of shayla 's flat lawn , and suddenly there was no stage .
` ` sorry i wrecked your lawn , '' i said .
a cracked plastic kiddie pool filled with funky - looking sand , and a family of lawn furniture with plasticky sunflower - printed covers .
nothing to do at this point but batten the hatches and hope the lawn gnome did n't blow away .
most of the space was filled by a crappy red bmw station wagon , dusty with the lack of use , but there were also the requisite lawn mower , a workbench covered with small metal soldiers , and a wyoming license plate above the door that said beck 89 .
the lawn smelled like the boxwoods that were planted unevenly in front of the house .
` ` this tastes like lawn clippings . ''
tom culpeper stopped running his mouth as sam walked across the brittle lawn , casting no shadow in the sunless afternoon .
a brick house of this size could easily look imposing , but there was an atmosphere about the property that seemed disarming - maybe the sprawling , unevenly cut hedges out front or the weathered bird feeder that looked as if it had grown out of the lawn .
nothing in the lawn mower shed .
he sat so quietly in one of the lawn chairs that blue did n't notice him until she turned to sit in the other .
he dragged a small , rusted lawn mower out of the way , and ronan backed the bmw in .
calla and persephone were already positioned in chairs arranged where the shaggy lawn gave way to new puddles and old bricks .
the shaded lawn had no effect at all as she trudged across it to the door and rang the bell with her elbow .
when a neighbor offered to buy another client 's old lawn mower if she was looking for a bit of extra cash , she could recall the promise of money coming and sell it with the sense that the transaction had been foretold .
to prove that brigid was no longer a useful member of the thornking - ash environ , the grounds people had let the lawn between brigid and the other academic buildings get autumn crunchy and allowed the boxwoods and ivy to take over the dull , yellow - brick exterior .
i watched another drop hit a leaf on the lawn , momentarily bearing it to the ground .
it struck me that there was something not quite right about the way the lawn looked .
he stood beside me and looked at the solid carpet of clover that covered the lawn - every one i could see bearing four leaves .
the warshaws ' enormous brick house sat well back from the road , its columned facade dominating the massive sloping lawn in front of it .
i hoped that if i ever got rich and famous , i would n't be so warped by my gobs of money that i thought little peeing boys counted as acceptable lawn ornaments .
two huge southern oaks , and a large magnolia dominated the well - manicured lawn .
an old fire truck was parked on the front lawn , but hailey led our group right up to the front steps .
we finished our drinks , tossed the cups , and walked back through the house and out onto the front lawn .
the thought catapulted through my mind as i navigated the lawn on my way to the opulent white tent .
gawain 's younger brother , gareth , was fighting with the king by the edge of the courtyard lawns .
massive marble columns lined the porches and walkways , manicured lawns stretched as far as the eye could see and thousands of windows sparkled in the light .
the car swerved off the road , over the curb , and onto his front lawn .
she kicked with her legs and used her elbows to maneuver their way out of the bushes and onto the front lawn .
he pushed back his lawn chair and went into the house , leaving me alone on the screened - in lanai .
worst - case scenarios included my grandfather running naked in the street , wielding a hunting rifle , foaming at the mouth on the front lawn , or lying in wait with a blunt object in hand .
the only real landmarks were bizarre and colorful lawn ornaments , of which circle village was a veritable open - air museum .
all the neighbors had fled north to escape the punishing summer heat , leaving yard gnomes to drown in lawns gone wild and hurricane shutters shut tight , so that each house looked like a little pastel bomb shelter .
at the fourth or fifth house , we passed an old man watering his lawn .
he went to stretch himself on a lawn chair as i unlocked the front door and stepped inside .
we walked through the woods , where the path was as wide and clear as any trail in a national park , then emerged onto a broad expanse of lawn blooming with flowers and striped with neat gardens .
i strapped it over my face and followed her out onto the lawn , where the children stood scattered like chess pieces on an unmarked board , anonymous behind their upturned masks , watching billows of black smoke roll across the sky .
i broke out in goosebumps , remembering the white - eyed neighbor i 'd seen watering his overgrown lawn the night my grandfather was killed .
it was the pitch - perfect voice of the man who for years had maintained my family 's lawn and cleaned our pool .
` ` the old man watering his lawn the night my grandfather died .
when they reached the lawn , the younger ones broke out in tears .
talon approached with caution , landing on an oak branch from which he could peer over and up the tidy lawn and gardens to the human place .
` ` his riding lawn mower flipped over on him . ''
we sat there a minute , looking at the house slouched there behind the weed - choked lawn and overgrown shrubbery .
8 i saw a flash of night sky , a swaying tree branch , and the lawn as it rushed up to meet me .
i crouched in the trees just at the edge of the little lawn that surrounded the parking lot as mike jogged to a silver 380z parked at the far corner of the lot .
i looked at the christmas lights on the lawns , distorted by the wet glass of the car window , blurry - edged and dreamlike , and i remembered my ` ` catch santa '' phase when i was a kid in ohio .
that was what she would do ; she would pretend she was playing pinecone bowling at home , on the lawn , with patrick and anna .
from farther down the street , a lawn mower kicked into gear .
they were now standing on a lawn atop a small hillock .
she knew nazaret would n't be thrilled about hanging out with the guys all day tomorrow ; noah was already like a brother to her , always over at the martirs ' wrestling with her little siblings or mowing the lawn .
she followed alejo and the paulsons across the wide lawn with its spiky green grass , around a multitude of assorted land cruisers and brasilias already parked inside the house 's walls .
benjamin had latched the gate behind them , and he and stalin stared solemnly at the truck as it drove slowly across the manicured lawn .
the rest of the neatly - trimmed lawn was dotted with giant bushes that were trimmed to be absolutely round in form , like ridiculous sea - green pincushions .
by the time alejo had retrieved his sandals and washed up a little , rupert was waiting outside the door on a narrow stone path that cut through the grass of his lawn .
beyond the lawn , a dusty area began where rings of tall barbed wire fences circled ostrich pens .
alejo shoved hands in his pockets as the two of them fell in step on a slow walk around the lawn .
lena williams , an energetic eight - year - old , raced back and forth across the worn lawn as she chased after tiny moths that had hidden themselves on the blades of grass .
as the faded buick roared past , trae and lena lay motionless on the front lawn , their minds and bodies unable to react .
like the stride of a gazelle , he bounded across the front lawn with amazing speed and agility , his adrenaline pumping at full capacity .
his dad set up lawn chairs in a circle around the fire .
the other got his pants caught in a lawn mower and died , haha just kidding .
he gets his clothes on and goes to ride around on his lawn mower .
looks like the lawn needs some work , tarren says .
the front lawn is made up of patches of long crab grass with bright dandelion heads peeking out from their midst .
gabe opens his eyes , stares out across the lawn .
we leave the city behind , and move through a sprawl of condos and houses capped with terracotta tiles and sitting on lawns composed of gravel and desert brush .
the desert has been championed by water pipes , diligent lawn care workers and sheer human determination to snuff out inconvenient landscapes .
the bushes twist up in carefully - pruned majesty along the circular driveway , and lawn care workers scuttle back and forth from their trucks .
rooks crowed from the massive squat cedar trees that grew beside a sloping lawn .
out on the lawns we were escorted by the emerald lord .
we turned and ran as fast as we could , across the lawns , to the wall .
the following saturday , as he was mowing the lawn of his married quarter he received a visit from a very senior army officer in civilian clothes .
stepping out of the forest onto the open park landscape they immediately were engulfed by the lively afternoon activities on the lawns and flowerbeds .
a few days later one of the young cowboys from the turner farm came charging into town and brought his horse to a sliding stop on lilly anns front lawn .
aaron eased a highly polished twinkle , complete with its real gold stripes down the sides ( they appreciated little touches like that ) , onto the front lawn of the ministry , and sad and i were escorted inside to meet the kings close relative .
( i did nt say that it was a long speech ) he had a tent erected on my front lawn ( when you live on an airfield , you have an awfully large front lawn ) , and i sat , along with my a , b , c and any other team that could squeeze in , waiting for him to start .
( i did nt say that it was a long speech ) he had a tent erected on my front lawn ( when you live on an airfield , you have an awfully large front lawn ) , and i sat , along with my a , b , c and any other team that could squeeze in , waiting for him to start .
within the hedge is a circular grass lawn .
around the border of this lawn are 47 simple crosses- half a meter high and iridium plated .
at the center of the lawn are sixteen similar but smaller crosses , grouped together in four rows of four .
the day the empire realized that ' live and let live ' was no longer an option ... cockatoo river incident memorial jenny and wayne quietly walked out of the inner circle of the memorial- a place where few were ever permitted to stand upon the lovingly cared for lawns .
after much late - night study , she chose a simple plan- one done by a ' second chance ' artist- the now famous acacia hedge and a lawn with iridium crosses .
when we arrived cisco only stared at the estate , the manicured gardens and lawns only yellow due to the cold weather , and i had to encourage him to step into the castle as man of the house .
the grass lawn is manicured .
birds flitted from the overgrown lawns and wild creatures peered at them from the undergrowth .
smoke curled from the chimney and the well - kept lawn and garden .
back to promise of the white rock table of contents back to table of contents darkness falls a picnic lunch occupied the grass on the lawn behind the palace .
he marveled at the carefully groomed lawn and shrubbery , imagining the time it must take to maintain the manicured look .
looking out at the sculpting of the groomed lawn as it became covered in snow , prissi wished joe well , but bet against him hiding safely long enough to get past the fledging window .
he slowly moved the scope along the side of the house , then down to the lawn , across , back and back up the side of the house to the eve .
some had even fled across manicured lawns to the beach of the nearby lake .
when the volunteers finished , the little park included a sod lawn , a community garden , a play area for children , and places where people could sit and talk .
if we fail here this saboteur among us will tell the world how its true that men have become merely domesticated wimps , far removed from the time when our brave forbearers tromped the wilderness in search of adventure , and are now more suited to mowing lawns and carrying boxes packed with really dumb stuff back and forth to rented storage facilities , or worse , having to try out new and supposedly healthful , green - colored casserole recipes before they are let loose upon the public .
ill bet millions of lawn owners in this country expend millions of hours and billions of dollars attempting to eradicate one of the most verifiably beneficial plants in existence in this country , said sam , simply because it does nt conform to societys notion of good lawn maintenance .
ill bet millions of lawn owners in this country expend millions of hours and billions of dollars attempting to eradicate one of the most verifiably beneficial plants in existence in this country , said sam , simply because it does nt conform to societys notion of good lawn maintenance .
society did nt like the way we looked because like the dandelions in the middle of those lush , green lawns , we did nt conform .
the notion that those beautiful golden petals cluttering up the precious toxic waste sites called front lawns could be converted into an elixir that would gladden the spirit , allowing them to dance and sing like the happy children they once were , terrified them .
i have a riding lawn mower , a snow blower , a weed trimmer , a jet ski , a powerboat and a motorbike .
they entered net corporate headquarters , which was housed in a deceivingly modern 1860s stone cathedral that matched the surrounding structures to form an old , college - campus - like setting , complete with century - aged trees and manicured lawns .
mack finn sat in a plastic lawn chair outside the broken down caravan , a small pile of cigarette butts at his feet .
a group of young men were congregated on the lawn of a pink house half way down the block .
a life time of mowing other people 's lawns , cutting hedges and now this ; his greatest hope , his only son was mowed down before he even had time to bloom .
chapter four i parked my mercedes across the street and julie and i walked across a front lawn that was a couple of weeks overdue for mowing .
the town has the worlds largest urban deer population , and they sleep right on the lawns and take their time crossing the roads .
* * * * * the sun was climbing down the back side of the sky and undulating shafts of fading sunlight played through willow and pin - oak trees and danced upon well - manicured lawns .
i had spent that summer between junior and senior year mowing lawns , edging around tombstones in outlying cemeteries with an old weed - eater , and hauling hayanything to make an extra buck .
just past the thicket , a good ten yards , there appeared to be an open clearing with what might be a well - maintained lawn .
at the edge of the lawn i clicked off the light .
one block down the road came the houses , densely packed cape codders with weathered shingles and tiny front lawns .
he made sure there was plenty of feed in the trough for the miniature horses before shutting the barn door and walking across the massive expanse of lawn .
as they walked up the small hill , they came out onto the vast lawn at the rear of the mansion overlooking the sea .
further up the road , lucas smelled the freshly mowed lawn of the town green .
there were probably more than a hundred people scattered throughout the green , on blankets and in lawn chairs , all situated so the tall pine in the middle did nt block their view .
looking to his left , chris saw hornblossom sitting in a lawn chair surrounded by his crew , who were lying on blankets or simply on the grass .
chris would ve given anything to have been there the day they were harnessed and then lifted three stories above the clay bluffs to be placed gently on the rolling lawn above .
after making her do that and then making her say hope - to - die , the two left the giraffe pen and walked across the wide expanse of lawn toward the boat house .
and now he was here , standing on my lawn , handing me guns , and shoving me to the side as he shot so - called bankrolled killers .
i ran because there was a helicopter on my lawn , there were mercenaries in my drawing room , and there was a burglar in my hall .
there was a helicopter on my lawn ... and there was a lawyer in my kitchen , for some reason i chose to end on the most benign point .
all that business with burglars in my hallway , mercenaries in my drawing - room , lawyers on my lawn , and soldiers in my kitchen ; it was then and there that it had all begun .
but i left out one detail , a detail which i would regret quite possibly for the rest of my life ; i forgot to tell elizabeth about the man on my lawn , the one that had given me his gun , the one that had insisted he was out to help me , the one whose keys i still had in the top pocket of my pajamas .
oh no , do n't tell me that this is the lawyer that was on your lawn last night ?
while there was the forest that virtually backed up to the kitchen , on either side of the house there were great lawns , leading down to several little gardens each surrounded by large box hedges .
i really was n't going to get to live that dream though ; there were still criminals in my house , the army on my lawn , and one jerk of a treasure hunter by my side .
from the burglars at my door , to the mercenaries in my library , to the soldiers on my lawn , to the army in my woods , to the criminals who were now in my attic it all had to stop .
but there are soldiers on my lawn , i pointed out through another yawn .
the house was pleasant like aspect , far for being cared , especially the lawn , which was like a swamp .
i negotiated the wall with ease and stole across the dark lawn to a side door , still carrying the grisly ' disguise'under my arm .
stooping , i crossed the wet lawn at a run , a grotesque and unholy figure , i doubt not , since any woman had at a glance sworn me to be not a woman but a giant ape .
beautiful ornamental trees adorned the perfectly manicured lawn , and small flowering bushes were been planted in an orderly manner .
it has everything i need as a landscape artist ; parks , lawns , victorian houses , lake views , wildlife , you name it .
i staggered to a lawn just by the sidewalk and threw off .
or she could catch the old lady doing her garden ; trimming the lawn or planting new flowers or watering or just sitting there .
the houses were all there , so were the sidewalks , curbs , lawns , mailboxes , the roofs and the little garden at the far end of the street .
the house was a large one , built in the shape of a squared - off c. the long side of the house itself faced the drive and the front lawn , and the two side wings had been added by mr . pearson after buying the property years before , once his company had become such a success .
they ran across the back lawns and arrived at the wooded portion of the house .
looking out at the neat lawn and clipped hedges through the window , she said , i have never been spoken to in such a manner by a child .
she tugged manas arm down and claimed her hand as they hurried across the lawns to the house .
she stared out at the neat lawns , not really seeing them .
after breakfast , they set off across the lawn and turned in the opposite direction from which neil had originally arrived .
there , out along the shaded paths , a grounds ' crew was busy snipping away at the trees and lawn , ensuring that everything looked perfect .
a single , wavy birch tree rested in the center of the courtyard , and small cobblestone paths wound through a grassy lawn .
short , but lithe , she moved gracefully across the lawn , her black tresses flowing in the small breeze .
the others had continued moving , so i caught up as we walked across the lawns .
a few minutes later , the death dealers were walking through the castles portcullis on their way to rendezvous with a razor gunship on the north lawn .
at his command , they threw on their packs and headed out toward the north lawn , which was commonly used as a landing field .
by the time the squad reached the landing field on the north lawn , their gunship was already standing by .
were to meet our transport on the north lawn in a little over two hours .
as they did , flaherty could nt help but reminisce on how many times he d made the same short trip from the motor pool to the north lawn , which served as the unofficial landing zone for most units flying out to put themselves in harms way .
* * * the flight of razor gunships set down on the north lawn of castle destro .
shortly thereafter , the gunships began lifting off from the north lawn , bearing their deadly cargo southeast to darklonia .
you have twenty minutes to grab your gear and be on the north lawn to meet your transport .
as the crowds began to sit down in groups on blankets and lawn chairs , reggie saw brazen standing there smiling at him .
from their position in front of the house , the captain and anhur ventured past the mansion and entered the snow - covered lawn on the far side of the guesthouse .
as the captain tiptoed across the snow - covered lawn between the guesthouse and the basement , he noticed the green ford truck parked in the lot behind the main residence .
the community responded by filling the small church and spilling out onto the lawns .
the heat worsened from the humidity of the heavily watered lawns .
he leaned back in his lawn chair and tucked his hands into the deep front pockets of his shorts , cradling his balls on each side .
he took a revitalized interest in his role as the repairman of the lawn sprinkler heads and sweeping out the trash bin enclosures .
across the lawn , beyond the sidewalks , thirty feet into the branches , elizabeth spotted the huge bellied man .
she turned to look out the living room window , across the green lawns , when her peripheral vision picked up the flicker of a falling branch as it hit the ground .
there were sculptures , well - manicured lawns , and beautifully crafted fountains .
at the top of the ramp , he angled toward his building , walking across the lawn in the dark instead of on the lighted walkway .
rachael and peter left her apartment and walked a block away for deli sandwiches then over to the georgetown campus to eat on the lawn .
his tyrannosaurus rex and his jumping patagonian death spider were chasing each other around the lawn again , trading a red rubber ball back and forth between them .
aaaarrrrggghhhh , screamed the ninja , who ran across dukes front lawn , still on fire .
the menorah dominated the lawn and was now overshadowed by the elaborate christmas light displays in the lawns of his neighbors .
the menorah dominated the lawn and was now overshadowed by the elaborate christmas light displays in the lawns of his neighbors .
the lawn was mined .
i heard my catapult hurl his burned body back up through the chimney and onto the lawn .
on the lawn behind him , dukes tyrannosaurus rex slept happily .
as she passed by groups of younger girls playing carelessly on the lawns she wished not for the first time that she 'd run away when she was younger .
it was a bright , dry morning so the lesson took place outside on the lawns , the grass providing a soft surface to fall on as they practised leg sweeps and shoulder throws .
ivan was waiting in the middle of the lawn , surrounded by such a vast array of weaponry that it seemed he must have laid out the entire contents of the association 's armoury .
she asked as they walked across the lawns ; she 'd assumed they would have left by the passage she 'd arrived through , but of course the door was supposed to be locked except on the equinox .
this maneuver brought more laughter that quickened the girls pace across the lawn .
link asked as they sat on the lawn eating lunch .
students huddled in groups of picnickers everywhere on the lawn , which spread over one hundred yards in the center of the campus .
the lush green lawn surprised beth .
beth smiled at sanjeev and she gazed across the lawns through the fence .
he much preferred the smell of a forest after a rainstorm , or a freshly mowed lawn , but this desert air smelled like home just the same .
standing outside on the front lawn looking back at the cabin was like looking at my childhood home , but i felt more love from these people than anything my parents ever tried to give me .
i peered down the roof , seeing a long metal ladder lying across the lawn .
in the canvas swing chair , she watched while her father barbequed or mowed the lush lawn , and her mother tended the full rose garden or large vegetable garden , her only passions .
on his left he saw an immaculate sprawling lawn .
on the far side of the lawn was the biggest house he had ever seen .
there will be a picnic lunch on the church lawn immediately following , courtesy of mrs . browley , mrs . moyor and miss emma may .
on the morning of the fifteen day of lenting someone abducted tobin leroth from his quarters , beat him , bound him in relorcan manacles , and strung him up on one of the old catapults on the great lawn outside the lord governors mansion .
there bander saw a large lawn ringed on three sides by more multi - storey buildings .
curious and worried , he dropped the scooter in the grass of his front lawn and ran inside .
after making his way to the front , john found the scooter he d abandoned on its side in the lawn near to squad car in the driveway .
it was the apartment associations feeble attempt at creating the classical version of a lawn gnome .
two lawn chairs sat behind the sliding glass door facing the sea .
his eyes weighed down and he fell unconscious , calmly asleep in the lawn chair behind his house .
they made their way quietly across the dew - dampened lawn to the front of his house , surprised to find its door half open .
she found john sitting against the wall of his small , bricked front porch , arms crossed around his knees and staring out ahead of him to the darkness of the road past the lawn .
the whitewashed walls stood proud behind an ornate veranda and when she turned to survey the view her gaze ran down verdant lawn , over woodland thicket and across rolling hills .
sarrah suddenly jumped up and groaned something about being miserable , getting back to grandpas house , and running through the lawn sprinkler .
the castle was full of tools , old wires and motors , camping gear and lawn mowers , and in our youthful minds , each of those served its own medieval purpose .
we did nt have time to discuss it , though , because the next sound that rolled across the lawn was a major interruption .
in the same green planter , beside the ficus bush , the old woman had stuck a lawn ornament .
she located the sound in the giant ash tree in the middle of the grass lawn .
the cool colors of the lawn below appealed to her need for change .
in the fall , the lawn was a blaze of autumn color .
it appeared to be floating in mid - air without any paths or lawns leading to it just surrounded by a light blue nothingness .
next to the tower were the most stunning flowers , which gave off the most wonderful scent and green lawns bordered with beautifully trimmed bushes .
where perfectly trimmed lawns once were , nature is reclaiming what is rightfully hers .
ted stood up and grabbed the lawn chair to move it closer to the fire .
he strode confidently across the street and mr . hoover 's front lawn and plopped down right next to the zombie on the edge of its porch .
melody was sitting in a lawn chair about five feet away with a glass of apple juice in hand , staring at him intently .
she flopped down on the lawn chair in front of him with the composition book on her lap and let out a long sigh .
being the last day of summer , the evening air was quite cool and the two of them had wrapped themselves in blankets as they sat across from each other in lawn chairs , eating dinner and speculating about what they might find the following day .
ted now realized that he was still in his lawn chair wrapped in his blanket , but melody 's chair was empty and her blanket was draped over the back of it .
he slowly pushed himself up out of the lawn chair and headed down the walk to retrieve it .
the unmowed lawns and broken windows were invisible .
now , go sit in that lawn chair smartass .
it would n't have been a bowl ; maybe a kick ball that someone had run over with a lawn mower ?
on a ragged , weed - filled lawn a wonky sign said the celestial mansion .
while drunk , he d driven his pickup truck through a suburban neighborhood at sixty miles an hour and crashed onto somebodys front lawn .
no porch lights burned , and there were no address - bearing mailboxes on the lawns .
i passed another house , wrong address , and continued walking past a large , unkempt back yard festooned with white lawn statues that shown in the dimness like tomb stones .
a street lamp partially illuminated a vacant lot containing two battered metal lawn chairs and a rusty , upended oil drum .
where s the rolling green lawn , the gothic manor , the roaring open fire ?
in these spaces green lawns and flower - filled gardens brightened the landscape .
she played with john , her teddy in tow sitting on the lawn of the stanton home garden among the roses .
john looked up at her , sitting on the lawn hidden from their parents view having a mock picnic with jodi he defended his ploy .
jodi occasionally came to the picket fence dividing the stanton and simpson property and peered at the pair playing on the lawn .
for the first time john realised he loved jodi from the time he became entranced with her piercing green eyes at a picnic on the lawn between the roses many years before .
then a familiar skinny figure appeared on the lawn .
i hurried across the lawn and pressed my back against the chateau wall .
he maintained his rough pace and hurled me out onto the lawn .
they soon came to celias country house , which sprawled over her estate lawn like a miniature fortress .
shingled rooftops covered tuffeau stone walls , while brightly colored roses and peonies adorned the lawn and the cobbled areas beneath the curtained windows .
once the door shut behind them , i scrambled across the lawn .
a horn sounded from the front lawn , forcing the room to quiet its conversation as the music stopped .
i was thinking along the lines of letting me pass away in a lawn chair or something .
they were already sticking to the lawns and the slate roofs opposite .
he figured if he tried that the entire town would be camped out on his front lawn until he gave them what they wanted .
you re lucky your guts are nt spilled on the lawn .
the king 's palace stood majestically on the bank , four turrets along the front and back with a green lawn and colorful gardens beside it .
across the lawn , they could see the sheriff 's car with lights flashing .
sometimes , late at night when the moon threw strange shadows across the lawn and a weird wind whistled through trees farther out , lawrence swore he could hear lucy mewing for him .
down the lawn they reformed again into weird shapes , then melted into the trees .
lucy had been up for a while , gazing dreamily out the bedroom window down the lawn .
a single ray of soothing blue light bounced off the ceiling , drawing the surprised friends gently out the window and down the lawn .
while she was away religious symbols were piled at the back door and started smouldering , all electronics flickered wildly and stinking green smoke swept up the lawn .
lawrence and lucy rushed outside , spying crooked footsteps leading down the lawn .
walk this way , he said , clowning around and leading the way at a fair lick down his front lawn .
jacob cried , dashing across the lawn .
a homely circle of snowmen waited patiently on the front lawn , all complete with carrots stuck in very strange places !
forty acres of manicured lawn complete with fountain , circular driveway and chauffeured sedans .
once - manicured lawns were now infested with weeds , while thick vines draping the walls clawed their way into the crevices between the bricks , slowly and relentlessly going about the work of breaking down the remains of mans efforts .
the monster roared and jerked to free itself , but the strength was in the girls to hold on and whip the monster through one of the schools front windows to the lawn .
the students convened on the farthest part of the front lawn , a distance declared safe by rescue service workers and armed animal control officials who marched the ornery donkeys out of the school on their hind legs , the two front legs in handcuffs .
more minorities moved in across the street , and they re being spanish on the front lawn .
she motioned to the woozy girl making her way across the lawn to join them .
fyi : i changed my mind morgan , i m totally cool if you do nt mow your lawn .
the rear garden that had been filled with fruit trees and vegetable plots was now a small square lawn bordered by overgrown shrubs with a washing line through the centre .
there was a tricycle on the lawn .
the glass was all over the side lawn , it had been broken from the inside .
the beautiful detached property , surrounded by lawns and mature trees , was like a mansion compared to the small terrace kim had grown up in .
as we turned the corner into the back garden that was similar to the front , with the exception of an expanse of perfectly manicured lawn , john appeared from the herbaceous border , with clippers in one hand and an old - fashioned gardeners basket in the other .
it was cool and dark at the rear , but the sun streamed through the front section that opened to a manicured lawn , beyond which , a very english looking garden could be seen .
* * * thirty alex paced across the room , picked up the ipad , put it down again , then walked back to the window to stare out across the lawn to the sea , as if expecting to see his father striding across the grass .
he tried to remember all the things that he should be able to see , the lawn mower , their bikes , a hose , some gardening tools .
behind the house she could see an immaculate lawn stretching down to the sea , which shone brilliant blue against the sky .
she wandered through the bushes and trees until she reached the rolling lawn that led down towards the sea .
i walked out onto the grassy lawn before the house and stood there staring up at it in awe .
greybeard put his arm around andrew 's shoulder , as they strolled through the lawn .
nate and mike walked over to get a view around the house and , sure enough , two of cadys older neighbors were working their way across the lawn .
josh laughed at cera as he stood up , deadly lawn care tool in hand .
we all know , however , that folks buying houses out on the island are not going to like to see all those bugs on their lawns every fall .
on the right a three story house sat well back from the road across a long lawn , its estate grounds decorated with small hedged gardens and multiple bird feeders attached to trees and hanging on wires or set on poles .
a mansion , white columns against red orange brick walls , with a sweeping lawn and ancient trees carefully arranged by some ancient plan stood out from the rest of the houses on the island .
the glimmer came down over the lawn and out on the water .
maggie pointed across the road where , gathering on the lawn in the shade under the ancient trees , were a few persons dressed in the orange and black butterfly costumes .
she did not answer him and instead called to the african , who had remained several yards from the road , waiting up on the lawn in the shade .
the human butterflies fell back into their original solid line away from the road and on the lawn by the house .
he did nt like them dying all over the lawn .
he drove across the lawn towards the blackened farmhouse ruin .
it ran down over the various pieces of blackened wood like blood and dripped on the tiny bits of green grass still left on the old lawn .
you and i were running and kept running until we were so out of breath that we fell down on a damp lawn at a big house that had the structure of one of those houses in a dark movie ; you know the haunted type house ?
something about someone chasing us and after we were so out of breath we could nt run anymore , we dropped on the lawn of a haunted - looking house and then she woke up .
his teeth were sharp and he was just about to catch up with me on that lawn tessie described so well , when he dropped to the ground dead .
even though the president , vice president and most of the staff at the white house are now shuffling across the lawn i think most of the joint chiefs are still alive .
she s out on the lawn with the rest of her dumb - fuck advisors .
we stopped outside the grilled compound of the red fort and stared at the unending lawn of green grass that took the eye unimpeded towards the red faade of the ancient monument .
thousands and thousands of birds rested on the lawn .
` ` old and crotchety , '' matthew added quickly , just as the front door opened , pouring light across the porch , the wagon , and a bit of the lawn beyond .
he leaped to his feet , evading bax 's attempt to pull him to the lawn again .
miss nuttle looked around and then settled down on the lawn .
undisturbed , the animal took a few steps and proceeded to nibble at the lawn .
he stood there on the singed and brittle lawn , looking over the mounds of ash and jutting timbers .
he started across the front lawn walking towards the cool looking water when he saw rita french , robbie 's and ernie 's mother stretched out on a white blanket by the edge of the man - made lake .
brad spoke quietly to himself with feelings of wonder and guilt as he trotted across the wide , green lawn in his rush to get away from this seductive creature .
all three swaggered into the simpson 's backyard intending to cut diagonally across the lawn to the nearby road .
the reassuring sight of his brown and white mongrel charging through the leaves toward him made him realize his mother had never left the lawn and open yard .
joanna hollered from the shade of a clump of white birches on the corner of the bright green front lawn and graveled driveway .
when they reached the simpsons ' yard elinor and ginny waited for them , but brad cut across the lawn leaving joanna without a word before they reached the girls .
when he slowed down at the corner of the house , he heard the sounds of little girl giggles and whispers while they hurried across the lawn and up the front steps into the house .
he felt her body heat and smelled the clean woman fragrance which was hers alone when she pushed him over with her hip and slipped into the padded wooden lawn chair next to him .
brad wiped his sweaty palms on the legs of his jeans before opening the door and going out onto the front lawn to wait for his dad .
he watched his father pull the ' 49 pontiac close to the lawn so brad could vacuum out the interior .
he squeezed the big green car between the back of george 's school bus and the edge of the lawn to reach a parking spot the school buses had blocked .
before he hurried across the scraggly and dusty brown lawn , he stole a quick look at the new graduation gift from his grandmother benrus on his wrist .
on any given day turkeys , sheep and peacocks wandered the massive lawns .
the lawn , completely gone , looked and smelled like a pig pen instead , with mud , potholes , and furrows .
~ the federalists swarmed in , treading on our pastures with their myriad horses and wagons until the entire lawn deteriorated into a muddy mess .
in brevard , about 20 miles north of the launch site , 28 - year - old pals james mcewing and gerry galloway idle themselves in lawn chairs next to a pond .
remnants of snow from the previous week scatters the front lawn , and the grass crunches as you walk on top of it .
and that s just what craig plykus does ; he s a regular pull up a lawn chair kind of american .
dale accidentally lit the lawn on fire , and jake got his clothes stolen while he was doing the midnight skinny dip .
` ` did you hear i set the lawn on fire again ?
besides , i think it 's like the third time he 's set the lawn on fire , so whatever the punishment he received , i ' m sure it was deserved .
i did n't think dani would believe me when i told her i lit the lawn on fire again ! ''
i parked at the end of the long driveway , next to the other twenty or so cars on the side lawn .
i could see the fresh patch of grass where dale replaced the sod from his lawn blaze , because it already looked like a giant rectangle of brownish yellow .
` ` hey beautiful , '' alec 's call pulled my attention to the lawn , and he gave a nod that only i could make out .
after dragging a battered lawn chair to the bow , he settled onto his lofty perch , becoming a rather bizarre hood ornament on the nose of the rusty duck .
close to a mangrove thicket , under the shade of the palm trees , yan yu chan sat in a lawn chair sipping a beer and reading a cheap detective novel .
dusk lotus hill park great lawn , numerous singing and music lovers , trying all their best , hoped to win a little bit of an opportunity to be appreciated , though to the last and perhaps futile !
dive over a crowd of horses , cattle and sheep obviously afraid horses , horses soon occupied this piece of lawn .
a dog with a very spacious lawn because we want to invite people over for barbeques in the summer , colt says .
epilogue : 11 years later victoria sits on an empty green lawn chair holding our first child , 2 month year old tucker in her arms .
flying from the drivers seat , julies father pulled his wife to their lawn and asked her what she thought she was doing .
he headed his pearl white cadillac deville , one of the last things he purchased with nikki 's approval , between well - kept lawns and gardens to door e. ` ` what 's wrong , mike ? ''
courtney helped renee from the lawn , handed her the crutches and headed back .
at the end , surrounded by trees and a wide expansive lawn , was a two story wooden farmhouse .
after the service lem took his position outside the main doors to have a few words with those who wanted to offer their personal sympathy , while renee and the others waited across the lawn .
their conversation was interrupted when renee walked across the lawn and stood quietly beside the pair .
by midmorning a massive snowman sat on the front lawn and the trio had departed with three toboggans to slide down a hill at the back of diane 's property .
they came to an expanse of green lawn fronting a modern house built of cream bricks .
neatly cut lawns and a flower garden completed the scene .
a small fence covered in deep red climbing roses surrounded a small lawn , a well - kept vegetable garden and the cabin .
i made up a jug last night with fresh lemons from the tree out on the lawn . ''
she screamed and ran across the lawn .
* across the lawn , a flight lieutenant had more unfortunate news to spread to two trembling parents .
came bruce 's voice as she strolled across the lawn .
the house , a seventy year old character home , had already been repainted on the exterior and had had the kitchen renovated while the outside jungle of neglected trees and hedges had been trimmed , a new lawn sown and gardens in the process of being replanted .
` ` it 's quite a change from when kelvin was here , '' the younger man complimented as he gazed around the smooth brown soil that still had to grow into the lawn .
had there been anyone beneath this imaginary street lamp , he would have seen a scraggly cat with glowing eyes dart across the puddled lawn .
some lounged on the lawns .
the neighbor , stephen , was standing out front , again , using an umbrella as a parasol against the blistering sun , spot - watering his lawn .
outside spread an expansive lawn area which extended from the house to a high stone wall .
maybe , agreed miko as he gauged the distance between the window and the wall ; a hundred feet of open lawn , at least .
they ran across the lawn as two shadows in the moonlight .
chad followed bart as he again ran across the lawn to the lane leading back to town .
and then , the delicate silk of her garments moved by a sudden gust , debris from the house began to cascade down around her , ripping into the earth , puncturing the pristine lawns with a thousand wounds and all the while she stood and watched , even though brick and metal , timber and glass fell all about her .
his aunt dropped the basket she had carried , berries scattered across the lawn , her face stricken with fear and sorrow and ira simply stopped in his tracks without any show of affection or joy at seeing him .
the house was typical base style housing with a freshly cut lawn and azalea bushes lining the outside walls .
no problem colonel beatrice , ill mow your lawn this afternoon .
things got off to a good start when , with my brother deans help , we managed to find the lawn mower and plug it in .
i set off and immediately found it harder than i was prepared for , the heavy sun beating down as i pushed the lawn mower around the uneven garden , from one rut to the next .
a vaguely neat and definitely very short lawn .
by mid afternoon we were finished , al having covered slightly more of the fence than me , though he was on the side of the driveway whereas i had the front lawn , meaning i d had to be careful not to repaint the grass .
he ran away when your dad went out to get you from off the neighbours lawn .
when tabitha returned at twenty - five past one , she found us sitting on her lawn surrounded by piles of junk , eating pasties and crisps that we d bought from the local shop .
everyone began racing to get to their vehicles , some tripping , some too drunk to walk or stand up , some passed out on the lawn .
john had gone to his office and the kids had all disappeared to school when lora looked up from her writing and noticed the red oldsmobile slowly snaking its way across the stony path cutting through their lawn and up to their front door .
outside their lawn , sleepy lake was calm .
` ` get a chopper on the lawn , give them something to think about , if i openly leave may encourage them to nose around and you can nail a few . ''
` ` agreed , there 's a chopper on the lawn , came in ten minutes ago . ''
the front opened out onto a wide balcony , giving on to views of the wide blue sky and green lawn below .
the front lawn spread out on the left and right , a wide path splitting it down the middle .
her feet kicked up the gravel from the path that wound its way through the lawn , and toward the man at the other end , who had a beaming smile on his wide face .
gregory set her feet down on the lawn with a big smile on his face .
she looked out the window at the lawn outside .
jera walked to the bottom of the lawn , letting her feet guide her .
little squares of golden light spilled from the windows and stretched to elongated rectangles across the back lawn .
she marched up the lawn , the gardeners long since gone .
every scientist and redneck are outside on the manicured lawn or inside the cow pasture or on the smooth waves of the river with their nail brusher pinging their dick and then the sky for radiation spikes with brone as one of them , chuckles with the others .
henry eyed the payphone on the other side of the gas pumps near a weathered iron - wrought table and partially torn lawn chairs .
on his way , the grass was greener , and the plants and the flowers on the lawns of the houses were more vibrant .
ezzard leads out the parlor room , fingering the long hollow corridor , leads from the front porch to the back lawn .
this be the south lawn with winding pretty yellow - bricked sidewalk fringed with an array of colored flowers around the building to the west lawn or east lawn built along the rows of rolling green hills over yonder in the south , southwest , and southeast are the outbuildings .
this be the south lawn with winding pretty yellow - bricked sidewalk fringed with an array of colored flowers around the building to the west lawn or east lawn built along the rows of rolling green hills over yonder in the south , southwest , and southeast are the outbuildings .
the outbuildings are kinda like a bunch of service buildings tucked into the hillside where the rest of the folks work to maintain the dogtrot plantation and the pretty lawn and flower grounds which include the hay barns , the horse stables , a blacksmith shop with equine rigging , harnesses , and equipment , the carriage houses , the plant and flower greenhouses , a brick house for both clay brick of the outbuildings and replace granite for the main house , a cabinet maker for wood furnishings , a dry cellar for flour , a medical center for sick folks , a smoke house for meats , a dairy barn , a corn crib , a wheat barn , a poultry coop for hens , an ice house , a dog kennel , a real firehouse since we live out in the real country , a real dead cemetery , and a mountain called loveless mountain .
the croquet lawn flanks croquet , that s a sissy game , the teen male shouts then chuckles .
the croquet lawn flanks the plantation home on the east side near the water fountain courtyard where all our young belles and beaus can congregate on the cool autumn evenings for fun .
the side wall shows the rays of the sunset from the low window panes along the front porch and the pretty view of the neatly manicured lawn and flower gardens .
i drop my eyelashes to the manicured lawn and flower gardens , not shining in the far away moonlight .
couch , glove box , poke sack , icebox , yard , not lawn and yarn , not story .
come on sondra lets walk around the lawn and eat some fruit from the blooming trees i shake my curls .
we truck down the steps then run around the back lawn towards the belle garconniere entrance door .
the row of cottages line behind the manicured lawn .
some cottages hold lawn equipment .
he views each side of the manicured lawn .
in front of me were all five of my teammates , just standing there on the front lawn of our sector house .
i m pissing on the lawn relieving my bladder which is called pissing too .
we americans do this to keep from getting an uti why are you exhibiting that disgusting american behavior on her majestys manicured lawn ?
he scans the darkness of the lawn then sees hucks with a second figure , the guard .
she had a socialite lawn party in full swing .
there must be two hundred people wandering over her beautifully manicured lawns and there was a swing band belting out glen miller of all things , loud enough to be heard in west palm .
greg looked past me out over the dark lawn that led into the trees .
thunderbird walked me through some people picnicking on the lawn near the teepees and further back towards the rear of the powwow .
larry walked me across the lawn and up the back stairs to the kitchen and tried to flick on the lights , but the power was out .
i walked carefully through the trees over to gregs lawn and then climbed up his back porch steps , resting on a bench that ran the length of the house .
then the peace on the front lawn was not drug induced , i mused .
greg looked down at his lawn again .
in summer , red holly hocks and blue forget - me - nots framed the soft green lawn at the back of the house .
the gardener , who looks after the company house garden ( and it 's a huge house ) , watered the lawn yesterday and ? '
there was much grass around , just not the smooth blanket of lawn one could expect in an english park .
green motsetsi hedges now guarded tony 's house and a proper lawn carpeted the sandy ground .
i view the historical antebellum house , lawn , flower gardens , and miles of white cotton plants .
we stand around the green lawn of my former house , building two near the tree house as building one smokes and burns .
paul realized his best bet was to keep away from the road and he altered his course , racing diagonally across the lawn for a low stone wall bordering the neighboring garden .
daniel threw open the front door and rushed onto the lawn as ryan followed a few steps behind him .
sure enough , he was playing on the lawn with a little brown ball .
molly ran across the front lawn and into the kitchen .
rosie skipped across the lawn , chewing on a banana .
max said as the gazed out of the windshield at the massive structure and pristine lawn .
the 4 of them watched out the bedroom window as the black hawk helicopter hovered slowly down to the front lawn of the un and landed .
the promenade contains wide expanses of manicured lawn , magnificent sculptures , an esplanade overlooking the east river , cherry trees , and rose gardens .
standing on the northern lawn of the austin state capitol , oleg watched the sun wink below the horizon .
grand pergolas emblazoned with electric lights and crammed with austins elite littered the southeast lawn .
after barreling into open lawn , the man froze , rigid with pain .
gisbo reached down and ripped a grass ridden dirt clod off the lawn .
flopped on the grass of the front lawn beside ed , jeremy watched black clouds floating by above .
i peered across the lawn of the damned .
i drove up our front lawn , and entered through the front doorit was already knocked off its hinges .
the nerves were still hitting me by the time we pulled up to the front lawn .
they passed over the green cliff of the tightly packed trees and descended toward the ground , where a lush lawn of grass and wildflowers was sliced by the sinewy curve of a huge , sparkling blue river that spilled out from underneath the castle before finally disappearing into the forest .
at first , tick could n't hear anything , but then the faintest sound of giggling and high - pitched chatter came from everywhere at once , bouncing along the lawn in front of them and from the trees behind them .
birds and crickets sang their songs in the woods ; somewhere in the distance a lawn mower cranked up .
i ' m here for a reason , and that reason is more important than two pipsqueak babies begging for their lives on my lawn . ''
paul 's immediate instinct was to tell her she was crazy for calling the mud and weeds on which they stood a lawn .
a broad and rolling lawn , seams still visible in the newly laid turf , rolled like ocean swells up to some kind of half - finished mcmansion , its exterior walls clad in some fancy white vapor barrier .
lush lawns sloped up to some brick buildings atop the hill .
shannon , she hissed as she stepped onto the lawn in her bare feet .
she liked the patterns that the moonlight made on her lawn furniture , and she liked the quiet of the night .
a few feet behind basha , and unbeknownst to him , a person walked out from the lawn shared by two of the rich , large houses in this part of coe baba and watched basha head toward the town square and straight into the pile of sheep balnor .
my parents came home to find me bleeding to death on the lawn .
he rushed out to the peasants and other refugees who had gathered on the lawn of his estate .
blaine whitfield raced across the lawn in front of the yellow bench , followed by two other boys .
he stopped at one lone automatic sprinkler head that was watering a patch of front lawn the size of a postage stamp and washed the blood off of his face and hands , scrubbing fast and hard , the way that someone who knows the real nature of blood scrubs .
a vibrant array of flowers skirted lush lawns ; apple trees , bursting with pink and white blossoms , shaded many of the cobbled streets and pathways .
i walked a couple of blocks , through a two - stoplight town that the flood had n't yet touched , aside from some waterlogged front lawns .
near our destination , we passed a pair of girls in prairie dresses , splashing in the puddles in their front lawn .
the driveway cut through a lawn of tall grass and wildflowers .
the suv i lusted after earlier waited on the lawn for me to drive it away .
i descended the stairs to the lawn , thanks , nige .
we reached a lawn and continued on , into the night , where lanterns on posts cast shimmers onto the wet grass .
celeste caught up with us as we reached the lawn behind the compound .
the back yard was more peaceful , the only real noise coming from a guy mowing his lawn a couple of houses down on my left .
i backed away over the thick lawn .
outside was the front lawn , the city streets with cars driving by like nothing happening in the building mattered .
we burned her clothes in the fireplace and carried larger items out to the bonfire on the back lawn .
he looked out onto the drenched lawn and up to the new patio with its plexiglas roof .
brody made a quick call to the priest 's private number and left a message explaining the type of labor ; the places he 'd just bought were in need of simple external repair , but more importantly lawn cleaning and maintenance .
there were a variety of digging and lawn tools ; a large selection of knives , blades , and axes - even a few swords hanging on the wall ; pots , pans , utensils and dinnerware sets , all with impressive scrolled detail ; trade tools for a variety of manual vocations ; surreal and abstract wall art with intricate tooling ; even a large glass case displaying a wide selection of eye - catching jewelry .
devlin came quickly to where the owl had landed - the well - manicured lawn of a fit house on the outskirts of the village .
they stood on the wet , still - green lawn facing each other for a moment before devlin crouched down in relaxed posture .
both of their attentions were brought about as soft light suddenly played out on the lawn from the house 's large front picture window , with vague movement within .
as the mist deepened into a drizzle , devlin grew irritated standing out in it on the lawn .
* * * while kate prepared for her last day of work , brody walked through the wet , chilly morning air to the nearest long stone shed , the ' sculpting ' shed , at the far end of his back lawn .
the block of granite sailed past him and out of the shed like a rocket , where it slammed deep into the lawn with a heavy thump .
the large boot connected with lorcan 's skull ; the severe impact sent him sailing up and across the lawn head - first , his small body trailing limply in tow .
brody barked profanities as he stormed across the lawn to finish the job .
chapter 12 aldritch emerged from the small patch of deep shade made by a cluster of tree canopy and bushes in the corner of the mccarthy 's front lawn .
after the magistrate nodded his assent , aldritch led kazimir across to the far edge of the lawn to its low retainer wall next to a road where a tall fae - steed milled .
the tall dryad reluctantly strode back across the lawn to stand in front of devlin , who waited patiently .
when she and the tall dryad exited , devlin sat in a daze and only remembered meeting aldritch and some barbaric morpher on a random lawn .
the oracle had removed the knowledge that it was cora mccarthy 's lawn , and any significant words with aldritch .
* as brody stomped across the lawn in a rage , he saw the little monster get to his feet only a few moments after his crash - landing .
he dwelled on that when he looked over the big block of granite half - buried in his back lawn , and its deep finger indentations .
with that focus , and no small amount of surprise , brody was able to retrieve the strewn block of granite from the lawn .
after quickly filling the deep lawn dent with garden dirt , he hurried back into the shed to explore the ' gift of stone ' .
the window from that viewpoint faced north , across the back lawn , with the garden and other stone shed at the far end .
as the two crossed the lawn toward the garden , kate quietly said , ` ` i ' m not too familiar with some of the colors , but i 'd guess curious , calm , a touch of caution .
at the cottage , brody had another outbuilding constructed - ' the work shop ' - in the nearest front paddock for his sculpture work ; the stone shed in the back lawn was enclosed and used for hay , feed , and extra storage .
they made their way out into the back lawn and walked on the wet , spongy grass to the rear of the bush - lined property .
she looked around at the empty expanses surrounding the back lawn , and then back to her dark - haired friend .
looking angry and upset , she stared at jane before she turned and began walking back across the lawn toward the driveway on the side of the house .
she saw her da 's eyes scan the back lawn and then came back to her questioningly .
he quickly made his way back to the patio , where young jane was inspecting the back lawn with a confounded look .
brody walked beyond the rear of the car to look at the recently - planted shrubs along the front lawn , parallel to the lane .
even more surprising was when devlin found himself flat on his back on the wet lawn after the big man gave a punishing backhand of his own .
as he followed through with the punch that sapped the last of his energy , brody watched , as if in slow motion , as the lemon - yellow hair swung loosely while the battered body of devlin ryder fell to the lawn like timber .
she raced the short distance to where her love lay on the wet lawn , clothing in shreds and bloody from knee to neck .
liadan hovered to them and gently landed on the lawn .
` ` it really is , '' brody said from across the small front lawn , ` ` but you ' ve proved your friendship , and then some .
just before that clash took place , the elder saraid was also banished , '' enochia paused for effect , ` ` on the back lawn of the mccarthy home . ''
as they watched through the kitchen windows as simon strode across the back lawn toward the north paddocks , brody asked , ` ` so , what 's your impression , darlin ' ? ''
it was in very good shape inside and out , and the lawn held many mature bushes and trees .
adjoining the lawn was a huge workshop that ran along the road , with a four - stall barn behind it .
aldritch recalled with pure clarity the warning he gave devlin when they had met on the mccarthy lawn , and planned to keep the promise he made then .
he and brody would sit out in the sun room and discuss land updates or what to plant in the neglected garden at the back of the lawn .
as the two men stood under the carport adjoining the back lawn in discussion , they were being watched .
just beyond the lawn , nestled in bushes and shaded by a few trees , sat a small stone shed with a slate roof .
the weeds on my lawn looked even more dead than usual , and as i walked past one shrub , it actually fell over .
the grassy green of well - manicured lawns went by in a blur as he traversed backyards and without slowing , sailed over two fences .
once , rozzy was given ten dollars to mow the lawn while lisa went to the supermarket .
its white siding , colorful flower bed , and the whitewashed fence that surrounded its impeccably manicured lawn all shouted ordinary .
crossing fifty yards of lawn , he headed for the woods .
invisible waves of energy poured off of him as he walked , his long , powerful strides moving him across cals front lawn .
on the parched lawn , the young couple stands , blissful in the beginning of their lives together .
there were perfectly manicured lawns of soft green grass bordered by an assortment of palm trees , umbrella trees with their huge leaves and cypress conifers , which were strangely out of place .
he triumphantly declared , pointing at a car parked in the drive and a child 's bicycle sprawled on the front lawn of a huge three storey house .
parvark marvelled at the perfectly manicured , deep green lawns which were so incongruously out of place in this city in the middle of a desert .
mika ran a short distance away and set his knight on a patch of lawn .
i let out something between a screech and a howl and raced down the stairs , bolting through my front door and across my front lawn , looking much the same way i did when i had arrived yesterday .
the sun was shining on the lawn and i looked out and swallowed .
the well - manicured lawn , once tended to lovingly by ians own hand , was now in the competent hands of one of his very first employees , who was currently on his knees hand - pulling weeds from a bed of blooming annuals in the shade of a sprawling oak tree .
it was a large building , with a lush lawn , and red roof tiles .
maji took a few long strides across the lawn , feeling the blades crush under her feet while the surrounding brushed against her skin .
he staggered toward me , trampling across the snow on our front lawn .
i thought it was a decent place to live , one you d see in a typical new subdivision - perfectly landscaped lawns , two and three - story homes with two or three , stall garages .
cautiously we pushed our way through the hedge , which was composed of shrubs as large as small trees , and very thick at the bottom , and , having traversed it , found ourselves in a great meadow - like expanse which might have been a lawn .
there were no lights around the building itself , and we saw nothing corresponding to windows on that side which faced us , but toward the right a door was evidently open , and out of this streamed a brilliant shaft of illumination , which lay bright upon the lawn , then crossed the highway through an opening in the hedge , and gleamed on the water of the canal beyond .
a servant in handsome livery appeared at the iron - gates , which opened upon a lawn in the front of sir francis varneys house , and to this domestic henry bannerworth handed his card , on which he had written , in pencil , likewise the name of mr . marchdale .
only an open window told what had become of our assailant , and many wondered how he himself had fared after the terrific leap from the second story to the lawn which he must have made .
instead , there was a green lawn in front of a white house .
the gravel path crossing the lawn was dotted with little mounds where it had seeded further .
there was not a direction in which i could look that did not present my eyes with green lawns trimmed to perfection , glittering rose bushes that stood smug in the knowledge they had no equal , and decorative water fountains so extravagant they seemed to mock those lowly enough to not be able to afford them .
i had prayed over my house , so , they could n't get in , they were just lounging all over my drive way and my lawn .
upon finishing his raking of the lawn , he got into his car to go pick up the groceries , hoping the messengers of god would swoop down and take him away .
i would use that power , but for good also , he put heads on stakes on his front lawn .
a typical residential street , lined with grand victorian homes , white picket fences , flower gardens , people mowing their lawns , kids laughing and playing , also barking family pets .
an elderly womans voice shouted from her front lawn .
then uwee angrily bumped into the woman on purpose , as her little dog fell from her hands , and darted across the lawn .
no hunched individuals creeping across the manicured lawn .
the cool breeze tickled my face , making me sigh in contentment , picking up the soft smell of roses dotting the front lawn of the apartment complex .
for a moment , jessie saw the place as it had once looked a new , gleaming building , set back against green manicured lawns .
the only thing that marred the bucolic scene were the two gunmen in sunglasses and sports jackets positioned on the back lawn , talking into headsets from time to time .
in her imagination , if left on her own , she would go to a big white house , with manicured lawns and beautiful gardens , and lots of pretty flowers .
they roamed those lawns by the dozens .
on the front lawn , planted deep in the withering grass , was an etched stone sign that read : plumly sanitarium dorothy shivered in the cold kansas air .
they passed by the flowerbeds and the manicured lawns , by the topiaries trimmed in the shape of mastiffs .
only when the wild grass underfoot gave way to a spongy , manicured lawn did he speak .
standing on the lawn , in the darkness , stood odarby , staring up at me , his eyes glowing brightly and a dark smile spread across his pale face .
i found you outside , passed out on the front lawn .
a hairy chested , boxer short sporting grandpa zombie growled at me from the edge of the lawn and i knew i could nt wait any longer .
shed always been a cruel and hateful woman , screaming at anyone who d ever gotten too close to her yard , and god forbid if you should accidently kick a ball onto her lawn .
i wondered if i punted him how far he d fly before landing headfirst in the snow like a lawn dart .
you re watching sprinklers water the lawn instead of me in the shower ?
i had used my ample earnings to keep the property taxes and homeowners insurance paid and a lawn and maintenance service helped keep the place up for me .
the residents of eau claire clearly had enough sense to stay in during this awful weather , though a lawn sprinkler was going off a couple doors down .
i rolled across the lawn and came up with my pistol , a sig sauer p250 .
normally , she would see a meticulously mowed lawn sprawling and stretching to a verdant tree line that marked what looked like an endless forest beyond .
mom , he found you screwing his cousin on a lawn chair .
a depressing display of metal , synthetic turf and plastic ornaments intended for rolling green living lawns , it resembled a junkyard with paths carved through the mountains of debris .
she could plainly see a patch of grass on the otherwise scrupulously maintained lawn had been burned , its shape a near - perfect circle .
cold crept up her body from the icy lawn .
instead , she stole across her lawn and rushed down her street .
the sprinklers turned on automatically in perfect , synchronized unison covering the lawn in a soft , wet mist .
its manicured lawn and spacious surroundings welcomed private school girls every morning , except for today .
okay then , can we maybe go inside , or are we just going to park it out here like a couple of lawn gnomes ?
the courtyard , however , was magnificent , with plush green lawns framed and cut across by a whirl of paving .
but when he did not find them amidst those orchards and gardens , he headed for the back bailey , which turned out to be more of a lawn that contained the barracks in the east , the jousting field , and the training yard at the western corner .
he stood on the edge of the lawn , looking out towards the barracks , when someone pushed past him .
he then ran off , towards the western corner of the back lawn , the training yard , as he assumed this man must have come from that direction if he had not seen him before .
hava sighed , and followed after the captain of the guards out of the barracks , and across the back lawn towards the castle .
and the dead shall inherit the earth a potion sipped by moistened tongue ; a mind whose thoughts are freely spun ; a hand that s firm but gently held ; and whispered words of tortured spell ; the magic flows like well - made web ; the content sings of pain and dread ; the corpses flung from death betrayed have stirred , are rising from their graves ; the silence gasps as movement creeps , and once again are they who sleep whose hands decayed and eyes of dust upward through dirt are thrust ; the earth is bleeding tangled dead with drops of blood that quickly spread across the cemetery lawn like frozen thoughts unbidden drawn ; a voice of driest crinkled leaf has summoned them , said , come to me .
she sat up and jumped off the merry - go - round and began to run in a staggered line on the park lawn .
out of the corner of her eye she saw smitty and herc walking back across the lawn toward them .
angie noticed the women gather their children and leave quickly as smitty and herc approached and sat down on the lawn .
luis watched some students walking across the lawn .
he saw a young man walking across the lawn , dressed in black leather jacket and boots ; he had long black hair .
a police car was driving across the lawn , and someone was yelling from the passenger window .
he watched it approaching slowly across the lawn with mixed degrees of fascination and trepidation .
he stood on luis ' front lawn and greeted the sun with open arms .
i looked out the window , nothing exciting there , just a lot of desert landscaped lawns and one - story houses , although , nearly every house i can see has an infestation of desert daisies .
my backyard is the opposite of the dusty arizona streets and gravel lawns , across the yard is lush , green grass .
the lawn had a black iron metal fence surrounding the perimeter with a healthy spread of dark green grass ; a hefty oak impended over the thick grass on the far left .
after digging out lawn chairs from the side yard joey and i half napped under a giant umbrella stand we found by the pool .
she and barry 's mother sat in lawn chairs in coats with the egg box in between them .
ivy ignored the cookies and moved straight toward the lawn chair .
after filling the small garden shed with lawn equipment and eventually giving the house a shine , brody and kate considered that comprehensive chore of simon 's ranch complete .
unconcerned that he left his truck door open , he ran across the thick lawn with his heart thrumming like a bass drum .
as her car rolled to a quiet stop just past the open gate to the cottage , jane saw brody and kate out on the back lawn with their dogs .
as they finally pulled up to simon 's new home with the moving vans following , he and brody were surprised to see a number of cars already there and people gathered on the side lawn near the centered driveway .
it was under those lazy clouds that a shimmering portal appeared on the front lawn of the mccarthy residence .
dahlia - creamy pale with dark , roman - style armor in contrast , her lavender hair in a long braid down her back - stepped out onto the frosted , crisp lawn .
there was a sudden , hushed whistle ; a black arrow embedded itself into the lawn less than a foot in front of haas .
at the near end of the mccarthy lawn were a few dormant flowering trees .
further back , on the lawn , a towering fae in an overcoat and holding a long , warped staff stood over the bauchan that macklin had first shot at with a warning arrow .
all three fae looked toward the mccarthy lawn , but haas was nowhere to be seen .
the redcap , who had been hiding behind the elder 's long coat , frowned at no one in particular and then began to trudge back to the mccarthy lawn .
out on the cold , damp lawn behind him , laying in content repose , was a giant brown newfoundland dog .
they clung to each other while macklin spun her in slow circles on the lawn , unaware he was even doing so .
` ` actually , cora , '' said a soft , deep voice from her left , somewhere out on the lawn , ` ` i believe that is my responsibility . ''
aldritch stood along the side border of the front lawn in the morning shadows of a scots pine tree .
before they exited his bridge , he allowed her to recall her sword back to her hand from where it was left on the mccarthy lawn .
* * * * * * * * * near noon of that cool , bright wednesday , liadan hovered around the property of simon rike , which she considered partly hers as well since her new haven rested adjacent to his back lawn .
sudden , loud and angry barking coming from the back lawn focused everyone 's attention .
when the women came into the kitchen , kate and cora stopped short when they saw that macklin somehow had a large spear in his hand as he stared out onto the back lawn .
all cora saw were dormant plants , sunshine , and mac 's big dog standing in the middle of the lawn , growling at .
` ` matron mccarthy , there is an unexpected visitor on your lawn ; a messenger , i 'd guess .
cora stared at jane 's long - haired suitor , then to the view of the lawn beyond him , and finally spun to peer back into the sitting room where her father had just been .
kate turned her eyes away from that lost , haunted stare and instead looked at jane , who was still gawking at the back lawn through the patio door .
he turned away and faced the rear hedges of his daughter 's lawn while he pulled the note out .
from her vantage , jane could see that the short front lawn and front of the small house were well maintained .
he watched as the dog was more interested to stay on the lawn unleashed with simon than explore beyond the low retainer wall out front , which helped to put him at ease .
they parked in front of the semi - detached house with a few small children playing on the gated front lawn .
there was a walled garden adjacent to the donjon which keira supposed was a kitchen garden , while beyond that was a pleasure garden , bright hues competing with the greens of the trees and lawn .
* * * * * the sullen moon sat high above , an eye against the eternal expanse of night while a peacock tiptoed across the vibrant lawn .
elsewhere , at some other time , the morr king sett was walking along one of the walkways in the lawn just outside the palace with oldric .
streetlamps stepped between houses , hopped across lawns and eventually all lined up to train their collective light on esmerlda and robert .
they flew through the front door , locking it behind them , and leaped onto the couch to peer out the window at the front lawn .
at least thirty streetlamps congregated on the lawn , all turning their yellow light toward her .
they burst onto the porch and looked out over the front lawn .
the heels were high , but thankfully they were thick enough that it did n't look as if henrietta would stab holes in any lawn she walked over .
looking around , chaeli could see nothing but a huge expanse of limestone wall , until adley opened the gate , revealing another garden inside ; huge expanses of lawn spread away from the walls , with partitioned sections in which people practised their own channelling .
there are even few deer dozing on some of the front lawns .
he longed for the golden days of the past and became unable to go outside for fear of what might lurk beyond the croquet lawn .
at the end of the orchard where he was hidden , a neat lawn stretched out for some distance until it reached the veranda that surrounded the beer hall .
usually all the windows of the three story beer hall were barred and locked , however this evening grendel saw a small open window on the first floor and he began to imagine how he could squeeze through it , if only he could get across the lawn and onto the veranda roof .
at the darkest point of the night , when the darkness was so complete that he could no longer see the wall from his hiding place he began to crawl carefully and silently across the lawn .
a very large black and white dog with a sparkling studded collar was running across the lawn chased by a number of the guards .
ill be lying there , not sleeping , thinking of nothing in particular , and then a thought will just slip in , and she stopped speaking and turned away to look out the office window at the school lawns , soft and even in the early summer sunshine .
they made their way across the lawn toward the car , hanging on tight to each other as the wind howled in their ears and tangled their hair into a dusty mess .
the front yards looked like they were normally neatly tended , ranging from lush lawns to more spartan desert landscaping , though now they were all littered with debris from the storm .
by the time they were crossing the overgrown lawn , it was just after eight in the morning .
rob stumbled backward and tripped over the brick border that separated the driveway from the front lawn , sprawling backward and landing flat on his back .
with eleanor close on their heels , they carried meredith across the street and laid her down gently on the neighbors lawn next to where amelia and vi had been standing in a worried huddle .
i put the phone down and ran into my bedroom , forcing my suitcases through the window onto the lawn , then i looked around one last time .
the house had a small , overgrown and untended lawn and lacked a driveway .
jake loved palm trees so his front lawn had four of them and a yard service agency sent someone once a week so his lawn was always well - manicured .
jake loved palm trees so his front lawn had four of them and a yard service agency sent someone once a week so his lawn was always well - manicured .
they lounged on lawn chairs and sunbathed in relative silence .
as they set them on the lawn , dad , mom and i would pick up our belongings and move them to the small mouse door in the side of the church building .
they run back and forth across the church 's back lawn all day long .
the deacons opened the church windows and more people sat lawn chairs outside .
you can place it behind all the others on the lawn .
it was quiet here , except for the gentle wooshing of the distant traffic , and the lilting birdsong from the few trees that dotted the bumpy , uneven lawn .
the lawn ornament chirped out a chorus of gribbets when daelin set it back in her sisters garden .
guests of the ranch relaxed on lawn chairs set out on the grand porch .
they followed him across the lawn .
he looked down at the floor and then stared out the open window looking out upon her front lawn and driveway .
silas grabbed a lawn chair that was folded up against the back of the house , and he and sallie walked toward me .
there was a second chair , a yellow folding lawn chair with a little fray on one of the strips .
i sat in the lawn chair .
i start to feel excited too ; the tall arches and roman - like pillars of the ancient buildings , the manicured lawns and open spaces , people milling around ; chatting and looking at books ; it all feels so .
the four moved stealthily out of the driveway , across the house 's front lawn , and towards the road .
sidling around it 's girth , they stepped out onto an open lawn beneath a leafy canopy , which was punctured by streams of moonlight .
jack finally managed to speak , watching the assassin glide quietly across the lawn .
it was a sunday afternoon , he told me , when he met eleanor at a lunch on their front lawn .
jinx , the cat , was stretched out on the lawn beside him , yawning and flexing her claws intermittently .
once out the courtyard 's gate , the companions quickly passed between its western wall and the house 's east wing , along a narrow lawn , until they were facing towards the northern treeline of the woods .
rowan stood his motorbike , which sat on the lawn , and watched them disappear around a corner before entering the house .
those that had not been taken inside their homes howled at the shadows that searched the yards and lawns .
giving the backdoor one last glance , he pushed open the side gate and ran down the strip of grass that bordered the neighbour 's fence towards the front lawn .
rowan then crouched low and scurried over to a thick bush at the edge of the front lawn .
behind the desk was a window that looked out over the front lawn of the chamber of lore ; a splendid arch of intricate designfigures carved in white stone , entwined in an epic battle between long - lanced wielding atlanteans in flowing cloaks and thick limbed osirians with heavy armour and angular maceswhich framed a mosaic window of many colours .
the giant loomed like one of the foreboding statues that circled the lawn of the chamber of lore .
xharan glided across the lawn the children huddle on and loomed above them .
six hundred lemurian men and women armed with glaives waited upon the lawn of the building , gathering at the feet of the fathers of osiria .
it was n't long before they were traversing gently across the great lawns of lamp - grass .
there were hundreds of them pressed shoulder to shoulder on the front lawn of the chamber , their weapons in hand .
kaelan stood on the balcony overlooking the lawn .
the rounded a corner and on their right was a courtyard , the centre decorated with a neatly cut lawn and many flowers .
chapter 42 bue and jared sat on the vast , ruined lawn in front of the palace steps .
we have had many problems recently with the dwellers of the outer quarters housing running amok on our lawns - screamed protestation filled the hall as the man tried to continue his fading , desperate speech .
the lawns had gone into disarray in the ten years we had been gone .
finally she heard the sound of a mighty water and a great lawn of new grass and bright flowers greeted her as she crested the final hill .
he removed her harness and baggage , handing them to the waiting servants while another opened a side door and she walked out onto a wide , grassy lawn .
the world suddenly seemed to crumple and the maze folded away to be replaced by a grassy lawn and a stately new england country manor .
dad loved to have revivals outdoors on the church lawn .
it was all about magma and layers of shelf rock , and other dirt facts that were about as important and exciting as knowing how many blades of grass you have in your lawn .
upon my arrival back home , i noticed my father was busy outside mowing the backyard lawn , while my mother , was still out and about it seemed .
i 'd spent years staring at a cyclopsian monitor as if it were the eye of knowledge , transcribing the lies of my imagination to trade for bread and butter , but surely there was more than pushing paper , mowing the lawn and making sure the guy next door did n't get a bigger tv .
the entire front lawn was strewn with these life - size figures , men and women frozen in pose as the breath caught in my throat and the limo 's lights split the darkness in two .
the window was open , and as i leapt from the sofa and hurried over to it , a shadow streaked through darker shadows at the farthest edge of the lawn .
` ` the one where i suddenly want to get a clean haircut and start volunteering to mow the lawn and finish other chores around the house .
waste or garbage self - reliant : they have their own trash cans and temporary toilets ( such as a large painters bucket , trash bags and something like cat litter or a way of recycling human waste and other waste ) energy self - reliant : they have a sufficient supply of generators , batteries , coal , oil , gas , chopped wood and/or any other needed fuels that will provide for the energy needs of their home , car ( s ) , lawn mowers , flashlights , emergency radio ( s ) etc .
specially built for the occasion , the gallows stood on the lawn at the corner of the courthouse facing a huge crowd who came to witness the hanging .
if it gets out that you 're a belligerent bitch , they ll roast you out on the courthouse lawn in a second .
a wooden pole had been erected in the courthouse lawn just to accommodate that very event .
with a rush of adrenaline , ed took off running across the lawn , past the wood stake and over to his car .
they pulled out two more long wood poles and dragged them across the lawn to where the first pole was erected for the burning of pam .
before he could let off a shot his gun was pulled from his hand and he was dragged across the lawn to where pam and matthew were being tied to poles .
the next day in the paper , it read that a mob had taken the three zombies and murdered them in cold blood on the courthouse lawn .
how is the lawn for croquet , this year ?
instead , its like they just appeared on your front lawn a few hours ago , already in that state .
the two bodies , both men ( from what they could tell ) had been found on their front lawn , not far from where sam had been standing a few hours ago ; apparently , the spell had nt been about protection so much as it was about brutally dismembering anyone who was nt welcome .
she looked at him ; her friendly neighborhood demon was blowing people up on her lawn , and he was asking if she was okay ?
a far off buzzing sound , wheezing in and out like a lawn mower engine starting to go bad .
if the weather is decent , ill walk about upon the lawn , else the library will suffice .
adan nodded his agreement and disappeared in the direction of his first class while jace donned his cloak and made for the enclosed lawn adjacent to the courtyard .
they both grinned at the truth in that last statement , but jace wasted no time in complying , hastening off to the courtyard and the enclosed lawn that lay adjacent to it .
he bowed his acquiescence and felt jays eager but pained gaze upon him as he and ella left the dining hall to walk about on the great , walled - in lawn .
they were bidden to a gathering of neophytes upon the great walled in lawn where one of the teachers stood , ready to regale them with a tale any long - term dweller in astoria probably knew by heart .
with the vanishment of all the others , jace and jay withdrew to a far corner of the lawn , under an ancient and spreading oak , where they sat in silence for a very long time , neither wishing to break the enchantment the storyteller had wrought .
the meal passed much as their turn about the lawn had : tedious and insipid , the lady solely focused on herself .
they settled on a bench under a spreading elm upon the great , walled - in lawn , as baye replied with a smile , you really have no idea what a typical assignment is for the shadow , do you ?
once he was mounted and they had withdrawn to a dark corner of the lawn , jace placed a firm hand on the creatures shoulder and the pair vanished in a flash .
long did he pace and pray that night upon the silent lawn under the stars , coming at last to peace with his past , his present , and whatever the future might hold .
jace found hawk waiting for him on a bench under an ancient tree on the great lawn , said he in greeting , i suppose you are not here for some remedial sword instruction ?
he found jace waiting for him upon the great lawn , sword in hand .
they lifted the now elderly jace to his feet and very nearly carried the bent and withered old man into the presence of the lady and the council of six , the former occupants of the lawn trailing in their wake as witnesses to the tragedy .
she crossed the forest of ancient oaks and emerald green lawns dotted with flowers of every shape and color , yellow daffodils , red poppies , snowdrops , wild violets , cornflowers .
i would nt want to see you skewered by one of the poles hidden beneath this beautiful green lawn .
they had arrived at a spacious and tidy lawn , surrounded by larches .
now there are no traps beneath our feet , even if the lawn and all the pass are surrounded by them .
mow the lawn .
i wonder how long it would ve taken security to notice the new lawn decoration less than a dayi know from experience .
but , i m probably going to be watching the sunrise from my uncomfortable plastic lawn chair , listening to dante rehearse and feeling guilty .
he carried her out of the bushes , and quickly made his way across the lawn .
through it , the suns rays displayed in a great fan across the side lawn and up the hillside .
the lush , green lawn clearly defied the forthcoming winter .
she crawled onto the chaise lawn chair opposite him and stared intently at the ceiling .
officer dald was cutting across the neighbors lawn .
not long thereafter , ydnas appeared , dancing her way across the lawn .
darestigan agreed , but not before about ten more of him appeared on the lawn , in a half - circle around the gate .
then they drove at a brisk pace through the emerald lawns , shady groves , colorful flowers , limpid ponds , graceful fountains , and singing brooks of wargold woods , passing several ornate gates that marked private driveways .
eventually they turned into one , which opened automatically at their approach , and , after passing through several hundred yards of immaculate lawns and groves , approached a magnificent mansion in the style of a gnotic cathedral .
every house had a spacious lawn , punctuated with flowers and trees .
somehow the path leading through the sparse lawn and up to the bar disappeared .
there were bumblebees and dragonflies buzzing about , too , bursts of color against the luscious green of the lawn .
the frame , with peeling paint of the same dirty white of the door , was built into the basement wall at the end of a short , narrow cement hole in the ground with matching cement steps that led up to the overgrown lawn .
nothing about dolls or being attacked by a killer lawn ornament is normal or obvious !
lawns were trimmed , headstones polished , and litter carefully disposed of in bins , occasionally along with what remained of the person who littered in the first place .
there was a wide lawn around the tower and a palisade around the lawn .
there was a wide lawn around the tower and a palisade around the lawn .
` ` we cross on the rope to avoid the earth and wood furies in the lawn .
he found himself becoming painfully aware of birds and animals : he saw the crows on the side of the road , or in the bus 's path , picking at roadkill ; flights of birds wheeled across the skies in patterns that almost made sense ; cats stared at them from front lawns and fence posts .
there were old tools hanging on the walls , and there was the detritus of a household : an old wheelbarrow , a lawn mower , a few bags of lawn fertilizer , old paint cans stacked in a corner .
there were old tools hanging on the walls , and there was the detritus of a household : an old wheelbarrow , a lawn mower , a few bags of lawn fertilizer , old paint cans stacked in a corner .
the woods ended , not abruptly , but with a gradual shift from heavy brush and trees , to trees with no brush , to scattered trees , to lawn and cabin .
i began to move faster , crossing this lawn and going into the next .
saying ` ` lawn '' may give an impression of unbroken sweeps of trimmed grass , but that was n't exactly accurate .
these were summer cabins , or glorified fishing camps , and lawn care was not a big item in the time budget of people who spent weekends at the lake .
his men had washed the residue of her calamari upheaval off the office lawn .
she sat on a short concrete wall bordering the tree - studded lawn .
he and his crew had been settled into two elaborate kiosques upon the inner grounds , the buildings nestled amidst rich lawns vast enough for temeraire to sleep in .
in the outer gardens , pleasure - pavilions stood overlooking the sea , and a single great towering column loomed up against the half - moon while they ran across the lawns ; then they were safely across the open ground and into the thickets left wild upon the hillside , ivy blanketing scraps of old , old ruins , arches built of brick and columns tumbled onto their sides .
the two kazilik dragons bezaid and sherazde had returned to escort them once again to the meeting with proper ceremony , even though the three of them were scarcely in the air for a moment , only flying over the palace and landing in the great open lawn of the first court , outside the front gates of the palace .
palm trees skirted along lush green lawns .
` ` they keep the lawn green , but it 's so strange not to feel the moisture in the air . ''
as i was cutting across the lawn to catch the shuttle , i spotted some familiar figures behind a cluster of trees .
outside there 's the sputtering growl of a lawn mower somewhere on the street , and a dog carols his annoyance .
i 'll probably need to mow the lawn for my parents , or find a teenager .
the man who killed the current high lord of rhodes 's elder brother in a fair duel on the lawn outside the grey tower .
there was a wide , green lawn around the building , devoid of any decoration and easily watched .
the first obstacle tavi had to overcome was the fifteen - foot wall around the outside perimeter of the lawn .
they crossed the lawn and walked through the front door of the grey tower .
` ` araris , he landed on the lawn . ''
he rose , half - carrying isana toward tavi , and over the edge of the aqueduct she could see the lawn around the grey tower .
isana followed the direction of their gazes , across the lawn to ... to the fallen form of ambassador varg .
it worked better when one was n't wearing all the armor , tavi thought , but at least the turf of the lawn was soft enough to absorb some of the impact .
the gargoyle turned in a broad arch , its furiously laboring limbs churning up a swath of the lawn , and attacked again .
within seconds , kitai 's gladius tumbled down , and its point struck deep into the lawn .
the fury let out a crackling scream and thrashed wildly as if in tremendous pain , and the flame rushing from the wound set the lawn beneath it ablaze .
tavi went on by , and had to leap over a blazing swath of lawn .
there was a struggling , desperately green lawn in front that looked suspiciously like it might have been freshly spray painted .
` ` eric suggested lawn chair crisis . ''
she stopped in front of the box hedges , and raised her eyes slowly , expecting to see yellow police tape cordoning off the front door , smashed glass littering the lawn , the whole thing reduced to rubble .
rolling to the side to free it , she saw the brown grass of a dead lawn , a chain - link fence , and more of the gray clapboard house , now distressingly familiar .
i could see all down the green lawns of the capital to the dark river , and the road along the riverbank where people were fleeing into the night .
for the manor house had been reduced to ashes , layer upon layer of sifting whiteness , strewn across the lawns by the night wind .
the lights seemed to fade , and now she was looking across an oak - dusted lawn to an ornate gothic revival structure that seemed to loom up above the trees like the bulwark of a great ship .
the group was still moving up the lawn toward the hospital , agonizingly slowly .
behind him the lawn in front of the hospital was strewn with bodies , the dirt stained with blood , black and red .
valentine 's troops are busy strewing pieces of them all over the lawn , and you 're up here safe with your girlfriends . ''
i ' ve been blond and brunette as the situation requires , though an unscheduled color change usually means i need to relocate in the middle of the night or face people burning crosses on my lawn .
the only differences came in lawn ornaments or siding choices .
in answer jesse went straight to a lawn gnome and upended it .
along with a pink flamingo , two ceramic ducks , and a broken lawn mower , he had a rusty sign in his front yard that read beware of dog .
water pooled on the small brown lawn out front , so we picked our way carefully up the path .
it was identical to its neighbors in every respect , except for the statues on the front lawn .
` ` i do n't think this has anything to do with pixies , killer clowns , or lawn gnomes that come to life in the dark of the moon . ''
as it was , we strolled through the run - down clapboard houses , admiring the patchy lawns , filthy gutters , and interesting piles of junk .
they thumped over to the lawn , coming toward us .
his tats glowed with threatening power , and for a horrified moment , i wondered if they would duke it out on chuch 's lawn .
caldwell , new york as jim heron stood on the front lawn of the mccready funeral home in caldwell , he could picture the inside sure as if he 'd already been in the brick two- story : orientals on the floors , paintings of foggy flower arrangements on the walls , bunches of rooms with double doors and lots of floor space .
as he and his comrades reemerged onto the funeral home 's side lawn , it was back to the hunt for isaac rothe .
keeping his back to his best mate , nigel stared across the lawn at the high castle walls of the manse of souls .
colin asked as they made a fat loop over the lawn and headed toward the table upon which tea had been set out .
the unit they 'd come to see had a circle of lawn that cut into the balding forest in back , and the three of them stayed among the trees while surveilling the layout : the five - story - high skeleton was up and sealed with plum - colored glass windows , but there were no lights on and nothing but packed dirt for the parking lot in the rear .
across a shallow lawn , the mccready funeral home was dark inside , but there were exterior lights on all over the place .
swinging his door wide , he groaned as he got out , and chose to stick to the concrete sidewalk as opposed to the lawn , even though it was a less direct route to the back .
as he touched down on the front lawn of mccready 's joint , he saw the unmarked parked at the curb ... and the fact that an entire block was without electricity ... and knew he was right .
on the far side of the funeral home 's lawn , devina stood on the grass in her black stilettos , her long , gorgeous brunette hair curling down to her breasts , her little black dress hugging all those curves .
on the lawn at the mccready funeral home , jim did n't waste a lot of time trying to figure out how devina had known where to find him : she was here and the issue was how to get rid of her .
as a car turned the corner and went by on the street , its headlights illuminated the front of the funeral home and the patches of brown in the lawn and the barely budding dogwood -- and did absolutely nothing to devina .
and indeed , when the two angels took form far across the lawn , they strode o'er to the grove like the avengers they were .
as we 're standing on your fucking lawn and dinner is waiting for you ? ''
nigel looked back down at the fading body mark on his lawn .
when ad got to the comfort inn and suites , he wanted to just barge into their rooms through the walls , but he decided not to chance it : given that his inner kit kat wrapper was loose and flapping , he landed on the lawn and stalked in through the lobby .
outside on the front lawn , the motion - activated security lights had come on and a man was walking over the cropped grass toward the house .
oh , dear lord ... ` ` everyone 's okay , '' jim called out across the lawn , as if he 'd read her mind .
taking the keys with him , he jogged along the fringes of the lawn , his senses alive , his rage an inferno in his blood .
jim 's hands sought out the earth and he dug into the lawn with his fingers , holding his body in place .
it took him ten minutes to search and secure the whole house and the final thing he did was go to the front door and double - check that the dead bolts were properly engaged -- isaac frowned and looked through a window onto the lawn .
needing some kind of contact , some sort of hope , he looked around at the treeline on the far side of the rolling lawn again .
and he was about to cut her down , when he frowned , thinking of what nigel had said on the lawn .
jim came back to consciousness on captain alistair childe 's lawn .
he turned left at the mouth of the driveway , scattering the rabbits playing on the front lawn , and passed the sign that read archer landscaping and nursery .
he finally broke through the screen of trees and found himself facing a rolling lawn that was as smooth as a putting green .
past the beautifully manicured lawn was an extensive flower garden .
the first floor was hidden by the hedge , but four windows on the second floor looked directly upon the lawn .
brennan took a deep breath and sprinted across the open lawn , feeling completely naked and vulnerable to anyone who might be watching from the house .
they were past the lawn and into the trees before they heard an alarm raised back at the house .
father squid called up to him to remind him to mow the lawn in the graveyard .
by the time he figured out the lawn mower , it was lunch .
then he took the cigarette lighter out of fadeout 's brand - new bmw and burned the journal to ashes there on quinn 's thick , green lawn .
i stop in the middle of the lawn , panting and dripping with sweat , vomit pressing at the back of my throat .
the greasy haired guy eyes me from the porch as i cut across the front lawn and peel out down the driveway .
raven 's cell phone rings and she unlocks the door and walks onto the front lawn to answer it .
crisp leaves flurry from the branches of the trees and cover the lawns with pink and orange .
it 's late october and the lawns are ornamented with halloween decoration : witches , fake tombstones , and plastic skeletons .
raven watches him like he 's something delicious as he struts across the lawn .
he starts to head across the lawn , but then stops in the middle , titling his head in our direction , and he watches us , an amused smile playing at his deep red lips .
he waves for me to follow him as he walks backward across the lawn .
a girl in an angel costume skips down the sidewalk , holding her mother 's hand in front of a house with an eerie mist across the front lawn .
he turns his back on me and marches across the cemetery lawn , meeting asher in the middle of the tombstones .
i politely wave and her gaze darts down at the lawn , like i do n't exist .
` ` i saw you staring at that for sale sign like you were about ready to rip it out of the lawn . ''
i align the envelopes against the palm of my hand and walk to the edge of the lawn that separates our houses .
my mouth moves as i trip down the stairway and onto the lawn .
` ` i made them leave , '' raven states as we cross the piece of lawn between our houses to her car parked in the driveway next door .
i shake my head as i watch the cops observe me crossing my front lawn .
his long legs stretch as we cross the strip of lawn .
finally , i give up and jog across his front lawn , ignoring the anamotti in the police car parked only a few feet away as i hop over the curb .
i rush across the street and to the front lawn , catching my breath as i enter my house .
when i check the mirror , i see that the people have migrated from the lawn to the end of the driveway , making it impossible to back up .
` ` you want me to hot rod it over the front lawn ? ''
some of the residents were making an effort - cheerful lawn furniture on the patios , wind chimes , bird feeders - but most had abandoned hope and lived with closed , sagging curtains , minding their own business .
you could n't see it in the faces of the kids as they played on the streets in threadbare clothes , but you saw it in the adults as they stared blankly at their neighbor 's foreclosure signs on overgrown lawns .
she started screaming and thrashing on the lawn chair , her voice rising high into the air , a scream that personified all that everyone feared .
i looked around me at the green lawns and swampy surroundings .
the houses facing them were scattered apart with messy lawns and rusting trucks in the driveways .
' it sounded like ` ` i want to be a lawn '' , i thought ? '
' what would she want to be a lawn for , do you think ? '
just one more hihohiho out of you bloody lawn ornaments and it 's double - headed axe time , ok ?
do not break the chain - the last people who did woke up one morning to find fifty thousand armed men on their lawn . ''
there were the herbs , and the soft fruit bushes , a bit of lawn and , of course , the beehives .
there was a unicorn on the lawn .
a haha is a concealed ditch and wall designed to allow landowners to look out across rolling vistas without getting cattle and inconvenient poor people wandering across the lawns .
piles of paper were stacked on the lawn around the chair .
and a window , breaking ... gaspode landed on the lawn , and ran like hell towards the fence .
the rat was a tiny shape scurrying across the moonlit lawn .
then she grasped the skirts of her nightdress and ran , out of the yard and across the damp lawns .
he landed on the lawns of unseen university and ran into the great hall , hands waving wildly overhead to maintain balance .
there had been an orrery on the lawn at the college .
she followed him across the lawns to the great hall .
proper lawn maintenance could be a real problem when things from another dimension were allowed to slither over it .
but whereas that was a kind of clay so rich that leaving a chair on the lawn meant that you had four small trees by nightfall , this ground was sand that looked as if it had got red by being baked in a million - year summer .
there was a sundial without a gnomon in the middle of a freshly - scythed lawn .
it 's not as though you can run , like , a window cleaning round on the side or nip round after work cutting people 's lawns . '
binky touched down lightly on death 's lawn .
they dropped down on to lawns of academia and headed for the library .
[ 2 ] snow , thick and wet , tumbled on to the lawns and roofs of unseen university , the discworld 's premier college of magic .
somewhat to rincewind 's surprise there was a short , pleasant lawn on the other side of the fence , illuminated by the light from a large low building .
if she saw the wizards out on the lawn throwing fireballs at the monsters from the dungeon dimensions .
the wizards struggled in the doorway and finally fought their way outside , where water was pouring off the roof in a solid sheet and cutting a channel in the lawn .
people had tried to coat it with sugar and magic swords , but its true nature still lurked like a rake in an overgrown lawn , ready to rise up at the incautious foot .
and she found the cottage , too , which was not the corkscrew - chimneyed compost - heap kind of witch 's house popularized by grim fairy tales and other books , but a spanking new one with gleaming thatch and a manicured front lawn .
there was room for only one anthill on this lawn ... death found war down among the grass blades .
around them the forest of grass grew shorter and smaller until it was , indeed , no more than grass , and became the lawn outside a house .
lawns unrolled towards woodlands that had the manicured look of an estate that had been maintained for hundreds of years so that nothing grew here that was not wanted , or in the wrong place .
i bet this garden needs regular weeding , and the fountains have to be unblocked , and the peacocks shed feathers and dig up the lawn ... and if they do n't do that , then this is just a fake . '
lord vetinari looked at the hoses that snaked from the omniscope and out through the open door and across the lawn to ... what was it ?
and the ornate tin bath of the archchancellor of unseen university was lifted neatly off the floor , sizzled across his study and then flew off the balcony and on to the lawn in the octangle several storeys below , without spilling more than a cupful of suds .
ridcully ducked as a stuffed badger , the origin of which was never ascertained , flew across the lawn and smashed through a window .
you wo n't be the first one doctor lawn here has patched up .
' mossy lawn ! '
this was the old shades , and lawn lived a street 's width away from it .
' i 'll be lodging with doctor lawn in twinkle street . '
a light was burning in one of the lower windows , so lawn was presumably still awake .
' upstairs on the left , ' said lawn , nodding .
' never mind , you 'll soon fit in , ' said lawn .
he went downstairs , doing up his belt , and bumped into lawn coming out of his surgery , wiping his hands on a cloth .
that proves you 're not from round here , ' said lawn .
' do n't worry , it 's not been used , ' said lawn , putting a pan on the stove .
' or ca n't afford them , ' said lawn .
' and when all 's said and done , ' said lawn , ' there are worse things to do in the world than take the pulse of women . '
vimes , his natural inquisitiveness suddenly curbed , carried the body into lawn 's inner sanctum .
' when i die , ' said lawn , inspecting the patient , ' i ' m going to instruct them to put a bell on my tombstone , just so 's i can have the pleasure of not getting up when people ring .
some of them are experimental , though , ' said lawn , busying himself at his work table .
said lawn .
' i ' ve patched up a few of their guests , yes , ' said lawn , and vimes noted the caution .
' he 's not the only one interested in you , ' said lawn .
ca n't help you there , i ' m afraid , ' said lawn .
' now that 's what i call a sensitive area , ' said lawn .
needles , thread , scissors , wool ... that kind of thing , ' said mossy lawn .
then the crowd parted as lawn came through .
' looks like you ' ve done the right things but i need light and a table , ' said lawn .
' slower than it 'd go if people got out of the damn light , ' said lawn , carefully moving his tweezers to a mug by gappy 's hand and dropping a bloody fragment of glass therein .
vimes did n't dare look at lawn 's face .
' quite a problem , ' said lawn .
probably not even mossy lawn could turn someone off with such precision .
he sat up on the table that lawn was using as a bench .
' well , technically no , ' said lawn .
' doctor lawn presents his compliments and says how come you have n't beaten up anyone yet ? '
and , speaking as one who 'd seen some stricken men in his time , he mentally added : and if lawn can sort him out , he can start his own religion .
he set off , overruling the jelly in his legs , running out of the octangle and across the lawns until he reached the university 's bridge of size , where he sped past nobby and colon who were drawn into the wake of watchmen running to keep up .
he ran back outside in time to see a broomstick touch down on the lawn , piloted by the archchancellor himself .
' look at me , doctor lawn , ' he said .
it lumbered down out of the sky and landed unsteadily on the lawn .
' i certainly am , ' said ridcully , picking himself off the lawn and pulling twigs out of his beard .
like they were cabbage- ' ' -now he 's asked for a small brandy- ' ' -mrs content stormed out and he said not to let her in again- ' ' -igor came and offered to help and lawn took one look and said only if he 's been boiled for twenty minutes- ' ' - pox doctor , when all 's said and done- ' ' - old stoneface 'll cover him with gold if it all turns out right- ' ' -yeah , and if it turns out wrong ? '
the big doors swung back , revealing a wide courtyard surrounded by lawns .
she 'd landed on a lawn .
a lawn meant you were posh enough to afford to give up valuable potato space .
this lawn had stripes .
and then marched across the lawn to the house .
she had a long sharp face and looked very much as though she was about to complain about the cat from next door widdling on her lawn .
on the other side of the desk , a dr lawn - he had his name on a plate on his desk , because doctors are very busy and ca n't remember everything - looked up from his notes on tolliver groat .
to this end , therefore , a bundle of thick pipes led from under the heavy old billiard table , out through a hole in the wall and across the lawn into the high energy magic building , where - he sighed - this little trick was taking up 40 per cent of the rune - time of hex , the university 's thinking engine .
in the morning snow had put a fresh coating on the drifts , and a couple of nanny ogg 's grandchildren were building her a snowman on the lawn .
' at least i do n't look like i ' ve been eating doughnuts in a wardrobe for years , ' he said , as they stepped out on to death 's black lawn .
the grass on the lawn rippled as they passed .
then it started to float purposefully across the lawn and bore down on rincewind , who managed to jump out of its way just in time .
a gritty noise made him look across the lawn .
but the thing had gone past and was lurching awkwardly across the ancient lawn .
' she 's lying out on the lawn , ' said granny .
from the lawn outside came nanny ogg 's cracked but enthusiastic voice telling the night sky that a wizard 's staff has a knob on the end .
he opened his eye like a yellow window into hell when he heard granny 's broomstick land awkwardly on the back lawn .
and they were out there on what - in warmer months -was the lawn .
' it 's a bloody lawn ornament . '
' where 's your fishing rod , lawn ornament ? '
the barman got a grip of the blackthorn stick with nails in which lived under the counter , just in case , and said , ' er- ' ' i was talking to the lawn ornament here . '
but these bloody lawn ornaments- ' hwel 's fist struck out at groin height .
' cut down , lawn ornament , ' said tomjon .
' and that 'll buy you gods from heaven and demons from hell and the wind and the waves and more trapdoors than you can count , my lawn ornament . '
as she crossed the damp lawn to the kennels she was vaguely aware that something was happening down in the city , but dismissed it as not currently worth thinking about .
she bit her lip in panic , scuttled back to the door , fled across the lawn and dived into the house , taking the stairs three at a time .
she plunged forward , cursing , ploughed into the overgrown lawn , hit her head on a crumbling statue of an antique ramkin , and slid to a halt .
one of the walls folded in on itself , and then another one toppled sluggishly on to the lawn .
an elderly workman atop a ladder was nailing the stucco back on the walls while another , with a spade , was rather arbitrarily defining the line where the lawn ended and the old flower beds had begun .
summers on the oregon coast , strawberry crepes saturday mornings , my mother 's perfume that was like walking through a lavender field , the way dad 's favorite polo shirt would smell after mowing the lawn .
it rested in the center of a vast square of lawn adorned with several pathways and gardens , which were fenced in by the endless rows of grape trees .
a young , handsome man in a dark formal suit was crossing the lawn , headed in our direction .
he turned and glided across the lawn in the same direction he 'd come from .
we blazed through the open front door , down the front steps and across the lawn to where the garage stood glowing like a beacon of hope .
his eyes embraced me one last time before he loped across joseph and cora 's front lawn , leapt over the fence without breaking stride , and was lost in a blur of colors .
we 'd no more taken than the first step on the lawn when he ransacked me into his arms , flipping the turbo booster switch to his legs .
anka gestured across the expanse of bram 's winter - brown lawn , dormant roses swaying with the slight breeze .
in less than thirty seconds , duke and felicia appeared on the dormant lawn , the stylish wizard 's arm protectively around his mate 's small waist , her long golden hair brushing his shoulder and chest .
he cursed a blue streak , grabbing a chair in one hand and flinging it across the lawn as he made for the house with giant stomping steps .
lovingly , her gaze traced the stately roof , the arched windows , and the long lawn , surrounded by the gardens she used to love keeping .
he stood on the lawn , all leather and badness , fists on his hips , drilling holes into her psyche .
the others were watching now , stopped dead and staring at the scene unfolding on the lawn .
bram cursed and made his way onto the lawn .
he leapt to his feet and prowled to the window , staring out at the dead grass browning the lawn .
as she emerged onto bram 's lawn , she threw out her chime .
the carriage turned , then , drawing into a heavily wooded lane , and laurence realized his mistake as the forest parted , and they drew abreast the house : a vast and sprawling gothic sort of edifice , the blackened stone barely to be seen behind centuries of ivy , the windows all illuminated and throwing a beautiful golden light out onto a small ornamental brook which wound through the open lawn before the house .
temeraire 's more resonant voice became audible to them all , answering , and he came down into the wide lawn behind her : the lamps gleaming on his obsidian - glossy scales in their thousands , and his shivering wings kicking up a spray of dust and small pebbles , which rattled against the walls like small - shot .
she heard through the wind 's howl , then looked up to see a swarm of paparazzi sprinting behind the estate , across the snowy lawn and toward them , flashbulbs popping with each step .
well , except for the walls of the house , the stretch of scruffy spring lawn , the sidewalk , the asphalt , and the steel cage of her crown victoria .
in the blink of an eye , adrian was on the front lawn of delvecchio 's little slice of home - sweet - home .
up on the lawn outside of heaven 's castle , nigel looked across the linen - draped table and nodded at a royal doulton plate .
just as reilly 's mom was shutting the front door , veck glanced outside onto the lawn .
the shadow moved to another tree ... and came out onto the lawn .
and there was too much lawn between them .
for the floor , there was not even a woven rug , but merely the grass of the lawn .
speeding over to the east , he zeroed in on adrian - and flashed right into a fight on the back lawn of veck 's partner 's house .
jim kicked it hard in the head , going soccer ball on that loose skull , and then left the sob where it was ; across the lawn , adrian was about to get back - doored by a minion that had found a spade and was gunning for him at a dead run .
after that , there was nothing but panting breath and steaming leather and stilled lawn supplies .
too bad the lawn mower was still nestled in there - that would have been fun .
ad spit on the lawn .
the urge to leaveis tent and go wandering across the lawn toward the castle , toward the river , toward where colin slept , was such a compelling impulse , it went beyond the mental to border upon the physical .
no lawn equipment or tools or birdseed .
and as soon as he took form on the garage 's front lawn , he knew he 'd been right to come : there was another presence inside the apartment with eddie .
shit knew he felt like stabbing the crap out of something - and he 'd just seen how much fun lawn tools could be .
previously , the quarter acre had been nothing but a dirt drive and a squat piece of lawn .
with just the lowly hay fork , he had incapacitated so many , the lawn and drive were an obstacle course of black writhing bodies .
at some kind of command from him , the surface of the inky sludge covering the driveway and lawn began to vibrate , and then here and there , tiny objects rose , dripping with - they were shards , adrian realized , as they shed their coating of minion .
` ` the only option , '' he muttered , ` ` would be to tell peo the oil tanker exploded on the front lawn . ''
sprinklers sprayed the nearby lawn , casting rainbows in the mist .
in the yard was a tricycle that had seen better days , and a lawn with bare patches and weed - infested flower beds .
a large hunchback shape lumbered across the lawn toward the men 's side of the duplex , moving in the opposite direction of the shadowy figures .
kicking off her sandals , eve ran barefoot across the coarse dead grass that covered the shared lawn .
on the lawn to the left , a bronze statue celebrated a person or event rather than the hand of god who guided all .
rushing out the door , she 'd just hit the rear lawn when reed shifted in front of her .
he entered a dormlike space filled with an inflatable sofa , a few folding lawn chairs , lots of cardboard boxes , and a couple of air mattresses .
a brown great dane paced the perimeter of the room , while michelle pulled up a lawn chair and offered it to him .
a large , rolling green lawn and imitation gas lamps lining the driveway gave the home a storybook quality .
twin piles of ash dotted the lawn , as did the bodies of two mark guards .
the back yard was essentially a long sweeping lawn with pockets of ruddy sand dunes and rocks running into the wild ocean .
we waited - spread out on the dark lawn looking toward the ocean - with bated breath for the lightning to show its face .
we were almost out of the grassy lawn , looking for a sign of a small trail out of there , when dex cried out .
traces of overnight frost still clung stubbornly to our wide lawn , making our house look like a gingerbread one rising out of white icing .
had a little mishap with the cherry tree in our front lawn .
i did n't see anything but a dark lawn and the outline of the wooden fence against the passing clouds .
i stood up in a fury , knocking my chair back onto the lawn .
we were strolling along the path , the trees just sprouting new , fresh green leaves and i noticed declan staring curiously at a woman who was standing out on the great lawn .
i stopped walking and pointed his body towards the wide green lawn .
do you see that woman over there , standing in the middle of the lawn ? ''
together we walked across the lawn toward the woman .
there were only a handful of teachers loitering in the marble - tiled foyer and a few kids holding hands and being led by a teacher out onto the front lawn .
i loved seattle and all , but i missed the countryside , the wide , green lawns and wildflowers , the trees , and the invigorating smell of the columbia river .
' i only guz where 's there 's the finest eating for the rats and i clean up flogging 'em to the lawn ornaments .
the last time i attended the fest , i was seven , and i remembered sitting out on the lawn with my family .
the shadow of their back shed stretched all the way across the lawn .
the only advantage i had was speed , and i jumped onto the tiny grass lawn and took off like a rabbit on meth .
he was sitting in the lawn chair right at the bottom of the trailer steps , and he had his face in his hands .
the sun was still shining and the leaves were still fluttering across the browning lawn , but the spark had gone out of the day .
` ` we can go to the gospel singing on the lawn at the courthouse .
` ` no , we 're going to a gospel singing on the courthouse lawn , evidently . ''
the broad courthouse lawn was strewn with folding chairs of all kinds .
i thought sybil was just surprised to see me here on the courthouse lawn .
there was a small group of houses , perhaps twenty , to the north ; they had half - acre lawns and sundecks and gas grills outside their sliding glass doors .
the cold rain was pelting down , drenching the lawn and rinsing off the car .
when we had a house , we would buy a lawn mower , and i would mow every week .
after a short stretch of landscaped lawn all around us , we entered the wooded corner of the campus .
i talked to the crossing guard who 'd admonished tabitha about jaywalking , i talked to the teacher who 'd threatened to send a note to her parents about tabitha 's talking in class , and i talked to the lawn man who 'd told her dad that tabitha was going to grow up to be real pretty . ''
they liked the kind of place where the trees are only partially grown and the lawns were rolled out in strips , where people jog in the early morning and the late evening and there are always service trucks circling the houses like remoras seeking sustenance from sharks .
my body reacts before my mind does and i ' m running out the door , across the lawns of the victor 's village , into the dark beyond .
then i walk across the lawn to his house .
on the lawn , i frantically signal to the hovercraft while buttercup thrashes .
it had flame - red tulips planted in mannered rows under the windows , and the lawn looked well behaved , too .
no papers on the lawn , either .
paul lived in a house that had to cost at least a cool quarter million ... with spacious lawn , gracious styling , and a lacy white gazebo in the back overlooking a rose garden .
carpet so deep i wondered if he hired a lawn service to maintain it .
no weeds in the new spring grass , the only concession to lawn ornaments a heavy concrete birdbath with a cherub on top .
the tall , slender plants were almost like the lawn of some gigantic creature - which made siris and isa the insects that prowled among the blades of grass .
a sprinkler twirled on the lawn , making a shisha - bisha - hisha sound as it cast rainbows in the air and deposited a shiny wet patch on the sidewalk .
mcgovern hissed as ralph left the sidewalk and cut across the lawn .
he walked through the lawn sprinkler 's fine cold spray almost without feeling it .
in his mind 's eye , ralph saw himself reaching out and shoving ed 's chair , pushing him over and spilling him onto his lawn .
he was still lying on the lawn , propped up on his elbows .
the burly one had finished his conversation with mcgovern , and both of them were advancing across the lawn , ` ` drag up a rock , you guys ! ''
he kept thinking of how ed had gone striding back and forth through the spray thrown by the lawn - sprinkler , breaking the rainbows with his body , pounding his fist into his open palm .
` ` and before ralph could say another word , old dor cut across the lawn to the sidewalk .
the two cops got the jaws of life halfway across the lawn and then dropped it .
the two cops who had carried the jaws of life halfway across mrs . locher 's lawn looked at each other , shrugged , picked it up , and began carrying it back toward their cruiser again .
there were several large divots in the lawn where they had dropped it .
it lengthened rapidly , angling backward as the lady herself moved forward , until it had crossed the leaf - littered lawn and darted into the tube formed by ralph 's curled fingers .
ralph slowly descended the porch steps and began to cross his lawn .
` ` holy shit , '' ralph murmured , and his mind returned to that sweltering day last summer when he had confronted ed deepneau on his lawn .
a number of spotlights ( new additions , he was quite sure ) threw fans of illumination across its lawn , and ralph could see two men walking back and forth at the end of grotesquely elongated shadows ... rent - a - cops , he supposed .
a uniformed cop strolled across the lawn leading two dogs - a bloodhound and a german shepherd - on leashes .
` ` well , the private security police on duty here found hundreds of these file - cards scattered on the civic center 's front lawn this morning just after first light .
this was derry 's old cape , where elderly cars with wired - up mufflers and cracked windshields wore bumper - stickers saying things like do n't blame me i voted for perot and all tiil , way with the n.r.a where no house was complete without at least one fisher - price big wheel trike standing on the listless lawn , where girls were stepping dynamite at sixteen and all too often dull - eyed , fat - bottomed mothers of three at twenty - four .
other bugs crawled out from beneath the bushes and onto the small strip of lawn .
they watched as kirkland and his good - looking colleague walked onto the lawn ... and into a jellylike knot of the twitching , crawling trilobites .
holding a skip - rope looped over her right arm , six - year - old nat deepneau came to the end of her walk and looked down the street toward a house she did n't remember ever living in , toward a lawn where her shirtless father , an undesignated player named ed deepneau , had once sat among intersecting rainbows , listening to the jefferson airplane as a single spot of blood dried on his john lennon spectacles .
jenna was sitting on the lawn , face pale with worry .
` ` well , here you are , '' he said , sitting back in the gentry equivalent of a lawn chair .
i gathered up everything of his i could find , threw it into a pile on my front lawn and then proceeded to have a weenie roast .
the sound of sam gamgee cutting the lawn came in from the garden .
nothing could be seen of the house in the dark : it stood back from the lane in the middle of a wide circle of lawn surrounded by a belt of low trees inside the outer hedge .
he wished with all his heart that he was back there , and in those days , mowing the lawn , or pottering among the flowers , and that he had never heard of moria , or mithril c or the ring .
they went along many paths and climbed many stairs , until they came to the high places and saw before them amid a wide lawn a fountain shimmering .
upon the south side of the lawn there stood the mightiest of all the trees ; its great smooth bole gleamed like grey silk , and up it towered , until its first branches , far above , opened their huge limbs under shadowy clouds of leaves .
when they woke they found that the light of day was broad upon the lawn before the pavilion , and the fountain rose and fell glittering in the sun .
after their morning meal the company said farewell to the lawn by the fountain .
before them lay a long lawn of shining grass , studded with golden elanor that glinted in the sun .
the lawn ran out into a narrow tongue between bright margins : on the right and west the silverlode flowed glittering ; on the left and east the great river rolled its broad waters , deep and dark .
frodo shivered , thinking of the lawns and fountains , the clear sun and gentle rains of lothlorien .
here upon its western side under the shadow of tol brandir a green lawn ran down to the water from the feet of amon hen .
' this is the lawn of parth galen : a fair place in the summer days of old .
the little upland lawn was open upon the east and was filled now with the early sunlight .
he went quickly down the path and came back to the lawn where boromir had found him .
just as he reached the little lawn among the rowans he overtook him , toiling uphill , panting and calling : frodo !
he came to the edge of the lawn of parth galen by the shore , where the boats were drawn up out of the water .
whether because frodo was so worn by his long pains , wound of knife , and venomous sting , and sorrow , fear , and homeless wandering , or because some gift of final strength was given to him , sam lifted frodo with no more difficulty than if he were carrying a hobbit - child pig - a - back in some romp on the lawns or hayfields of the shire .
they stepped out of the beech - grove in which they had lain , and passed on to a long green lawn , glowing in sunshine , bordered by stately dark - leaved trees laden with scarlet blossom .
behind them they could hear the sound of falling water , and a stream ran down before them between flowering banks , until it came to a greenwood at the lawn 's foot and passed then on under an archway of trees , through which they saw the shimmer of water far away .
the fruit was so plentiful that young hobbits very nearly bathed in strawberries and cream ; and later they sat on the lawns under the plum - trees and ate , until they had made piles of stones like small pyramids or the heaped skulls of a conqueror , and then they moved on .
set back from the hotel , the narrow runway ran the width of an impressive expanse of lawn .
she half expected some batty old codger to wander across the lawn to greet her in battered wellington boots and his grandmother 's shotgun over his arm .
well , i know where to go next time i need a corpse to dump on someone 's lawn , kelsier thought , stumbling to his feet .
... cory roberts hurried across the manicured lawn , breathing a sigh of relief when he spotted the senator 's limousine in its designated spot .
the lawn had n't been tended in years , and grass had grown to his knees .
i peered in , expecting it to be filled with tools , an old car , and a riding lawn mower .
it was lighter on the drive than it had been under the trees and he had no difficulty in making out a large stone house divided from him by a width of untidy and neglected lawn .
the earth 's disc was nowhere to be seen ; the stars , thick as daisies on an uncut lawn , reigned perpetually with no cloud , no moon , no sunrise to dispute their sway .
the eldil was with us , outside there , on the little lawn ; hardly visible to my eyes at all in the daylight .
short as his absence from such places had been , his earth - trained habits of walking had reasserted themselves , and he fell more than once as he groped his way on the heaving lawn .
before him the lawn of blue turf continued level for about thirty paces , and then dropped with a steep slope , leading the river down in a series of cataracts .
she landed moments later on the icy lawn , flat on her bum .
` ` the others are on the lawns behind the house , '' the elder directed .
shoving the thought aside , ice rounded the corner , which brought the rest of the back lawn into view .
bram intervened , ignoring mathias and leading ice to the far side of the lawn where a big concrete slab sat , surrounded by something that looked like a plastic bubble .
then came the fresh air in the garden , a fervent handclasp with the doctor , a run across the lawn , a welcoming whinny from destrier , and so king caspian the tenth left the castle of his fathers .
trufflehunter and the dwarfs thought this a very good idea and gave pattertwig messages to all sorts of people with queer names telling them all to come to a feast and council on dancing lawn at midnight three nights ahead .
the seven brothers ( who were all red dwarfs ) promised to come to the feast at dancing lawn .
our council at the dancing lawn must be a council of war . ''
chapter seven old narnia in danger the place where they had met the fauns was , of course , dancing lawn itself , and here caspian and his friends remained till the night of the great council .
when the great night came , and his various strange subjects came stealing into the lawn by ones and twos and threes or by sixes and sevens - the moon then shining almost at her full - his heart swelled as he saw their numbers and heard their greetings .
the moles proposed throwing up entrenchments round the lawn before they did anything else .
everyone waited in silence while the three dwarfs and two badgers trotted stealthily across to the trees on the northwest side of the lawn .
a circle of grass , smooth as a lawn , met her eyes , with dark trees dancing all round it .
modo the university gardener was weeding a rose bed when the ancient , velvet lawn beside him heaved and sprouted a hardy perennial windle poons , who blinked in the light .
` ` sorry about your lawn , '' he added , looking down at the hole .
a rounded , dark shape was squatting in the middle of the ancient lawn .
` ` it ca n't be a compost heap in the middle of the lawn , can it ? ''
there was no relief in sight - nothing ahead but more houses , more hedges , more pale green lawns , more russian olives .
rosie took a quick look around , saw no one observing her , then hurried across the lawn of the bungalow and down along its side .
ten minutes later she was standing in front of a very large white frame house ( which was indeed in serious need of paint ) , three stories high and set back behind a big , well - kept lawn .
nice lawn , narrow but deep .
daughters and sisters stood at the end of its narrow , deep lawn with the second- and third - story shades pulled against the heat of the day .
he wanted to rest and get ready for the night again ; for he thought that this time he might find a way out and escape , and wander away and away , until he came back to his home and his garden and his yellow ball on the lawn .
he had a sort of idea that if once he could get back to the lawn , it might come all right : the enchantment might break , or he might wake up and find it had all been a dream .
grey fountains were there , and long lawns ; and children everywhere , dancing sleepily , walking dreamily , and talking to themselves .
the little boy was rolling over and over on the dewy grass , in a very bed - timish light ( but no one seems to mind wet grass or bed - time in that place ) , and the little dog was rolling over and over with him , and standing on his head like no dog on earth ever has done since mother hubbard 's dead dog did it ; and the little boy was laughing till he - vanished quite suddenly and left roverandom all alone on the lawn !
there was no bag , only rover , just as he had always been before he first met the wizard that morning on the lawn .
and there was the little boy playing on the lawn with the yellow ball !
dorian draped his elegant robes over a lawn chair .
manicured lawns .
the garage had three doors , as advertised , and tasteful shrubs and ornamental trees decorated the lawn .
the incubus now stood across the room with a similarly ravenous group of men , no doubt discussing cigars and lawn mowers .
i was sure i could have held my own in a cigar and lawn mower conversation better than a stamping one .
it looks like the lawn service took care of most of the leaves . ''
it was big and expensive - looking , spreading out lazily on beautifully manicured lawns , visible to me even at night .
perfect lawns .
it shone onto a long stretch of unbroken white snow on the lawn and the driveway .
earthdudes and dudettes were leaning against palm trees , walking briskly up stairs , and sitting on the lawn .
my engine was throbbing overtime as i threw open the front doors , sped down the front stairs , and raced across the lawn .
gutsy dancers bopped on the lawn around the flagpole .
and jane went out of the big house with the director 's kiss upon her lips and his words in her ears , across the wet lawn ( birds were everywhere ) and down all the time , down to the lodge , descending the ladder of humility .
coming south along the river narog turin and his companion ( gwindor in the text in this book ) found the lands near the entrance to nargothrond to all appearance deserted : ... they came to a country kindly tended ; through flowery frith and fair acres they fared , and found of folk empty the leas and leasows and the lawns of narog , the teeming tilth by trees enfolded twixt hills and river .
for when they had crossed the sandy beach they found all silent and empty as if it were an uninhabited land , but before them there were level lawns in which the grass was as smooth and short as it used to be in the grounds of a great english house where ten gardeners were kept .
it was strange to see the lawns and the great trees looking so peaceful as they marched back to the beach .
it was a lovely morning with bees buzzing in and out of her open window and the lawn outside looking very like somewhere in england .
then was winter come sudden upon the lonely isle , and the lawns and gardens drew on a sparkling mantle of white snows ; their fountains were still , and all their bare trees silent , and the far sun glinted pale amid the mist or splintered upon facets of long hanging ice .
there often would dairon sit upon a tussock or a tree - root and make music while tinuviel danced thereto , and when she danced to the playing of dairon more lissom was she than gwendeling , more magical than tinfang warble neath the moon , nor may any see such lilting save be it only in the rose gardens of valinor where nessa dances on the lawns of never - fading green .
parking his car in the fairbrothers ' drive , as he had done so often when barry was alive , he headed for the front door , noticing that somebody had mowed the lawn since he had last called .
silent spring rain sprinkled the window , and the back lawn glistened with tiny red pinpricks of light .
thought parminder , as a gentle breeze ruffled the tall hedge of leyland cypresses that enclosed the jawandas ' big back lawn .
sukhvinder had crossed the lawn without parminder noticing .
i fancied a walk , and then it occurred to me that i could mow the lawn if you - ' ' oh , graham did it for me , ' she said , ' but that 's so sweet of you .
he could see the twin girls , lying out on the freshly mown lawn on a blanket , both with headphones in , listening to their ipods .
outside on the lawn , the twins had switched to sharing a set of headphones , their heads bobbing up and down in time to the same song .
on a lawn a mile away , sukhvinder jawanda was vomiting river water beneath a willow tree , while an old lady pressed blankets around her that were already as sodden as sukhvinder 's clothes .
long stretches of soft green lawn , and a big symmetrical golden - stoned building with spires and a hundred windows : she had never seen anything like it , except on picture postcards .
by six , fueled with coffee , she headed out once again past the fountains and flowers and green lawns to the thick woods .
there was an old lawn chair to the side of the entrance and flowers growing wildly .
hannah dragged the box over to a nearby lawn chair and sat down .
the group split up then , everyone heading over to the egg - toss lawn , except for adam and diana , who were on their way to visit melanie and constance at their jewelry booth .
` ` someone set laurel 's lawn on fire , '' deborah said .
and then she noticed two bodies moving around in the dark , along she noticed two bodies moving around in the dark , along the outskirts of the lawn .
` ` and who burned the symbol onto my front lawn ? ''
they met at the annual farmers ' lawn party when peter was eight .
the lawn party was a yearly ritual most kings and queens viewed as tiresome at best ; they were apt to put in a token appearance , drink the quick traditional toast , and then be away after bidding the farmers enjoy themselves and thanking them for another fruitful year ( this was also part of the ritual , even if the crops had been poor ) .
but , as you might have guessed , roland loved the farmers ' lawn party , looked forward to it each year , and usually stayed until the very end ( and more than once was carried away drunk and snoring loudly ) .
it had taken brandon another five days to find the dollhouse in one of the minor storage rooms on the ninth floor , west turret , where its cheerful pretend lawns and long , rambling wings were hidden under an ancient ( and slightly moth - eaten ) dustcloth that was gray with the years .
if he had lived another ten years , the kingdom surely would have drowned in blood ... but alan was struck down by lightning while playing cubits on the back lawn in the pouring rain one day ( as i told you , he was mad ) .
bilbo would have liked to say : ` ` a warm bath and late breakfast on the lawn afterwards ; '' but he thought it better to say nothing at all , and to let go his clutch just a tiny bit .
cassie had never seen her this depressed , even when the hunters first burned their symbol onto her front lawn .
it would take weeks for the tiny green pinpoints to grow as long and lush as the adjoining lawn .
the bursar floated gently down towards the lawn .
amateurs and rocks and lawn ornaments and dead men walking about ... we could knock this -- ing city over . '
the houses were large and new like his , and his neighbors appeared to love their lawns just as much .
art 's lawn maintenance had been about more than aesthetics .
said doctor lawn .
football practice on the lawn after lunch ! '
the college lawns stretched out in front of them .
a variety of wizards had turned out this afternoon from curiosity , a suspicion that being there might turn out to be a good career move , and the prospect of maybe seeing some colleagues travelling across the lawn on their noses .
she dropped it into her shopping bag and headed across the university lawns .
one looked at her and said , ' are you supposed to be walking on the university lawns , madam ? '
' doctor lawn , ' said ridcully .
' but doctor lawn is still here , ' rincewind volunteered .
as doctor lawn gave a groan and hurried back up the pitch towards the choking charlie ( as the times later put it ) , she followed him and caught up with mr nobbs .
the flower beds were empty- flowers were hesitant to bloom this spring - but the lawn was greener than most he had seen .
the groundskeepers were trying very hard , their efforts also manifest in the rows of aryth yews cut in the shapes of fanciful animals at the sides of the lawn .
porch lights and yard lights were snapped on , laying bare swimming pools and smooth shimmering lawns .
i pried open the double doors and was immediately assaulted by the scents of gasoline from the old lawn mower and fertilizer i 'd bought for the flowers i 'd never gotten around to planting .
leaves scuttled across the lawn and pelted the side of the shed .
one moment , jasmine and i were passing out blankets to the people who 'd spilled out onto the lawn ; the next , i was staring at two people whom i knew were not human despite their normal appearance .
moments later , adrian came out onto the lawn , eyeing the two archons with guarded optimism .
with those words , she and everyone else vanished , leaving me , adrian and dreadlocks alone on the lawn .
zach came out onto the lawn .
tavia kept her eyes on her front lawn as dad pulled away .
the man i addressed was sitting back in a lawn chair , posture easy and relaxed , with his long legs propped up and a laptop balanced in front of him .
bay windows belly out over the back lawn , and in the distance stands a shaggy dark line of trees , thick as a group of sheepdogs .
she had not initially wanted to move from their sprawling , sunny home in california , on its small trim lawn on a small trim street in a nice gated community not far from the ocean .
when he stretched out on his back , he was mostly concealed by the fake planters and the intersection of their manufactured leaves , and thus invisible from both the pantry side and the door that led out toward the lawn .
the flood of 1987 , and the wash of water and silt thundering down the lawn from the river , and the poor turtle on the front porch .
the lawn was a trash heap , a beach littered with the dead .
she stared out over the back lawn ; sloping down toward the woods , it dropped suddenly into shadow where the sycamores and the oaks began .
its large expanse of deep green lawns and carefully manicured flower beds looked like they d been lifted whole from a jane austen novel .
he looked back at the perfect picture - postcard house with its tudor beams , ivy - covered walls and cool green lawns .
marcus rushed across the lawn and knocked on the door .
the rain had not yet arrived but the dew had wetted the grass of the estate lawn .
she knew it was the time of day when the lawn was scythed , and she enjoyed watching the young garden worker do the mowing .
a turn in the path revealed a rectangle of lawn bordered by flower beds .
at the far end of the lawn susan espied a strange man working with a scythe to mow the wet grass .
i shall walk with you back to the lawn where you were mowing if you do nt mind , sir .
in her search for the head gardener , she followed the serpentine path by the rectangle of lawn where she had first seen dean and espied , not the head gardener , but the boy andrew , barely strong enough to hold the scythe .
at that moment , the path opened onto a lawn where the three of them could walk abreast .
she looked up and saw mr . dean standing cap in hand at the end of the rectangular lawn where she had first met him , apparently waiting for them .
* * * susan saw fitzwilliams smiling face waiting for her in the lawn where she had left him .
the path opened onto a lawn .
positioning herself under a nearby canopy of rustling leaves , she stared vacantly beyond the sloping velvet lawns and pyramidal trees to wintersleigh .
a game of lawn tennis was soon agreed upon , as well as a family meeting where they could plan christmas and new year festivities .
frances glared at them as they crossed the lawn and took up their positions on the other side of the court .
after stepping into the brilliance of the afternoon sun , frances opened her parasol and made her way across the sun - dappled lawn , in search of edwina ballard .
the rest of the wintersleigh party was , by this stage , making their way towards the watchmans quarters , and as they passed over the lawn into the distance , michael looked out after them with unseeing eyes .
* * * unfortunately on his way to join the happy group on the lawn , robert was intercepted by edmund sparshott .
was that also a misunderstanding between you and that gentleman i saw you conversing with while on the lawn ?
at their head , the ancient oak door through which lord gareth had been carried stood open , spilling light out onto the lawn .
and so it was that an hour later the two of them , charlotte safe in the care of nerissa , set off across the front lawn , heads together and laughing .
his fine lawn shirt was stiff with dried mud and missing several buttons .
` ` outside , on the west lawn . ''
he marched across the velvety smooth carpet of lawn .
he spun on his heel and marched back across the lawn .
its great towers stood out against the black sky , its close - cropped lawns were an expanse of dark velvet .
she went on to describe the scene : the duchess pregnant with nerissa , smiling and rubbing her swollen tummy , her nanny suddenly charging up the lawn , skirts high as a strumpet 's and screaming that little lord gareth had tumbled into the pond and disappeared beneath the water .
nestled on the fertile banks of the river thames and surrounded by manicured lawns , meadows , and acres of young wheat , it was built of lovely pink brick , with quoined stone and spectacular views over the river and distant green hills to the south .
and as they crossed the lawn snelling carrying on a one - sided conversation about the grounds , the estate , and the weather juliet tucked her hand in the crook of her husband 's elbow and gazed up at him with warm , glowing eyes .
a small plot for gardening was to one side , and to the rear of the house a border of brambles , bulrushes , and trees choked with bright green ivy stood between the lawn and the mill stream , which branched off from the river thames and paralleled it all the way into the town proper .
it was a delightful spring day , with high , fluffy clouds drifting across a sky of hazy blue and a thousand daisies and dandelions scattered across the back lawn .
juliet had watched him as he crossed the lawn and headed toward the manor house , his stride cocky and giving him the appearance of owning the world .
she raced past swanthorpe manor , tore across the lawns , and flew into the dower house .
moments later he was walking unsteadily across the lawn , heading for the dower house .
his brother stood on the lawn holding armageddon 's reins , his back toward the door .
then all the guests were herded out onto the lawn where huge tables had been arranged .
they could hear the call of the french horn from the house and the violins being tuned , and soon the lilting sounds of a minuet drifted down the lawn , compelling many of the guests to retreat to the salon in hopes of dancing off the grand meal they had just consumed .
the flower beds were crushed and the lawns trampled , not to mention horse droppings deposited everywhere .
with 5,300 seats and 900 on the lawn , the site is ideal to gauge direct public response to the issues of the day and determine first hand the need to tweak our platform , if necessary .
she stared out into the night , across the rolling expanse of the rutherford lawns , silvered in the moonlight .
the bull and george inn stood on one side of the town green , a diamond - shaped grassy lawn round which were ranged the principal shops and the blacksmiths forge .
perhaps i should encourage you to get off my lawn .
peter looked away , his hands massaging wearily at his neck as he looked away out the windows and onto the lawn where kate , betsy , and jeanne , peter 's youngest daughter , were playing blind man 's bluff with the older girls .
he wanted to imagine her in his arms , only the thin lawn of her nightdress between his skin and hers .
the lawn of her nightdress made a soft sound as she pulled away from the railing and backed out of his sight .
table of contents title page table of contents prologue : forest lawn part one : 1930 chapter 1 : conor chapter 2 : biarritz chapter 3 : the yard chapter 4 : annie chapter 5 : first round chapter 6 : mary chapter 7 : second round chapter 8 : robert chapter 9 : billy chapter 10 : tryout chapter 11 : gossip chapter 12 : money chapter 13 : third round chapter 14 : practice chapter 15 : bullock 's wilshire chapter16 : westlake park chapter 17 : mother 's day chapter 18 : conspiracy chapter 19 : bogey house chapter 20 : agua caliente chapter 21 : consequences chapter 22 : succor chapter 23 : dancing chapter 24 : billy redux chapter 25 : auction chapter 26 : saturday chapter 27 : franklin chapter 28 : sunday chapter 29 : winning and losing chapter 30 : awards chapter 31 : flight part two : 1964 - 1969 chapter 32 : politics chapter 33 : revelation chapter 34 : tuesday 's caddie chapter 35 : westchester chapter 36 : truth chapter 37 : mitchell chapter 38 : providence chapter 39 : remembrances chapter 40 : reckoning epilogue : forest lawn acknowledgments about the author prologue forest lawn sunday , april 8 , 2012 the man only wanted to pay respects to his father .
table of contents title page table of contents prologue : forest lawn part one : 1930 chapter 1 : conor chapter 2 : biarritz chapter 3 : the yard chapter 4 : annie chapter 5 : first round chapter 6 : mary chapter 7 : second round chapter 8 : robert chapter 9 : billy chapter 10 : tryout chapter 11 : gossip chapter 12 : money chapter 13 : third round chapter 14 : practice chapter 15 : bullock 's wilshire chapter16 : westlake park chapter 17 : mother 's day chapter 18 : conspiracy chapter 19 : bogey house chapter 20 : agua caliente chapter 21 : consequences chapter 22 : succor chapter 23 : dancing chapter 24 : billy redux chapter 25 : auction chapter 26 : saturday chapter 27 : franklin chapter 28 : sunday chapter 29 : winning and losing chapter 30 : awards chapter 31 : flight part two : 1964 - 1969 chapter 32 : politics chapter 33 : revelation chapter 34 : tuesday 's caddie chapter 35 : westchester chapter 36 : truth chapter 37 : mitchell chapter 38 : providence chapter 39 : remembrances chapter 40 : reckoning epilogue : forest lawn acknowledgments about the author prologue forest lawn sunday , april 8 , 2012 the man only wanted to pay respects to his father .
the forest lawn memorial park in glendale , california is as much a tourist attraction as a place of repose and respect .
if one enjoys theme parks in this life then forest lawn is the perfect choice for the next one .
taking his daughter by the hand he walked across the lawn to the headstone .
not quite a mansion , it was still rather large a two - story mission - style structure with tiled roof and palm trees clustered about the expansive front lawn .
it was a gray morning , a light mist clinging and building over the lawn , the trees , the rhododendrons .
she looked out the window and watched forest lawn inch by .
he strode slowly across the lawn towards her .
she had seen these before up at the griffith observatory in the evenings when they bring them out onto the lawn and let the tourists look through them , usually at the moon or a planet as not much else got through the city lights .
he grabbed his drink and followed after angelina across the lawn .
the light from the flames below them were dancing over the lawn and shrubs .
he landed on his feet on the lawn and was scooped up by a neighbor .
a fireball burst through the kitchen windows , knocking back the neighbors on the lawn .
she ran over the lawn to the sidewalk where people surrounded her mother .
several neighbors in bathrobes and disheveled clothing were standing on the street and in adjacent lawns , having been moved away by the emergency crews .
as the little girl scampered off , harriet stared out the music room window at the rolling lawns of lanymoor house .
even last year , when a storm blew down the oldest and tallest of the spanish oaks on pemberleys lawn , i felt so grieved , silly as i knew it was .
he looked out the window again , resting one hand against the pane of glass , his eyes travelling over the view of the lawns , dotted with spanish oaks and elms .
anything , in fact , except what i actually did dowhich was take my sketch pad and a folding chair out onto the slope of lawn behind the house .
if its anyone elsesm.de lacourcelles , for example edward laughed and dropped down on the lawn beside my chair .
edward did nt answer , only sat staring down the slope of the lawn , back towards the house .
he scarcely spoke at all as we walked back across the lawn .
we went downstairs together , and when we d stepped outside onto the lawn , i saw at least some of the tension ebb from edwards muscles .
we did not talk at all as we made our way across the lawn to the lake , and from there onto the path through the woods .
ahead of them lay a finely - mowed lawn filled with headstones of varying ages .
i see myself in lots of space , high ceilings , large rooms , wide lawns .
maybe i will build myself a mansion here in greyfield , with large rooms , and acres of lawns .
outside the lawn was covered with leaves of different sizes and colors : orange , brown , red , black , and a mist had gathered .
gentleman that i am , however , i hurried across the lawn to assist her .
i gestured towards the empty white plastic lawn chair across from me .
two thin black girls , one in a yellow bathing suit and one in a lime green bathing suit , ran pell - mell across the lawn and jumped through a lawn sprinkler , until they noticed the camera , in which instance they immediately started to do cartwheels .
two thin black girls , one in a yellow bathing suit and one in a lime green bathing suit , ran pell - mell across the lawn and jumped through a lawn sprinkler , until they noticed the camera , in which instance they immediately started to do cartwheels .
the driveway continued , then arched to the right and fronted three identical white houses , each two stories with curtains at open windows that fluttered at deep , manicured lawns .
a shed with a busted door centered an overgrown lawn strewn with auto parts , kitchen stoves , and wagon wheels .
dew shimmered on the emerald - green lawn that stretched long to the pine trees .
a driveway on da gerards side ai nt gon na cut up da lawn , he said .
forty - five minutes later , he had reconnoitered the oversized lawns , the thicket of pine trees , open areas between the houses , and approached the busted shed in his back yard .
chapter six oak tree louie , david , and mr . laurent stood in a loose circle on the lawn between a 1951 chevy truck parked on the driveway and the storehouse .
chapter seven lilies mr . laurent stood on the lawn opposite his houses portico .
horses can get round anything in the driveway or on the lawn .
da klans probably gon na burn one a dem crosses on da lawn , he said , his hand in the air with the sandwich .
dats when da group comin up da driveway will cut cross da lawn an give em da torches .
after popsicle stepped around the fords trunk , he positioned the springfield on his shoulder and sighted points of impact on both sides of the lawn .
david stood with his thumbs hooked on his jeans pockets and scanned the three lawns .
klansmen pranced their horses in a circle on the far side of the lawn .
fifteen riders pranced and reared their horses on the right side of the lawn and along the driveways edge .
you may mow the lawn around the studio .
when it stopped , she clapped with pleasure and emerged from the trees onto a rough lawn .
chapter 5 patrick held the brush handle between his palms and walked to the middle of the van slyke 's lawn , rubbing his hands back and forth , spinning the brush until it was dry .
entering the attic was like going back in time ; emerging in the sunlight and walking across the lawn was a return to the present , a promise of future .
on her way home , she stopped to talk with ahnree who was seated in a director 's chair on his lawn .
jared fails to admire the superintendents lawn .
within that surrender , he slithers into a puddle , soft and round , only an inch deep , all himself , onto the wondrously manicured lawn .
angrily , hatefully , bewildered , he bends and picks her up planning to carry her out the door and dump her on the lawn but she wraps her arms around him and try as he may he ca nt dislodge her .
he s bursting at the seams , explodes into exhaustion , sleeps restfully on the lawn .
remarkably , there are no neighborhood sounds , no cars honking , no lawn motors starting up , no kids screaming , no sounds to break his reverie .
another door led into what must have been the ballroom with bay windows overlooking the lawns whilst another led into a long rectangular dining room , the rich red brocade wallpaper peeling , again darker patches showed where paintings once hung .
' in the large estates , they kept sheep or cattle that fed on the grounds , so they put them in fields some distance from the manor , the ditch was to keep them from wandering on to the lawns and gardens of the house .
splashing her face with water muriall flung on a fine lawn shirt hanging ready for her along with men 's underdrawers and her leather knee breeches .
he even has the tunnels running under the front lawns , so they can not be seen .
arriving at the sweeping lawns and the lake , daisy yelped as a heron gracefully lifted a long leg picking its way through lily pads .
chapter 41 the pub boasted sprawling lawns leading down to the loch .
these homes are referred to as ranch - style after ranches of the west , and are a single - story in height , and while relatively small , they each have an attached garage and a small lawn .
nobody was killed , but we ended up falling all over the lawn and laughing about the insane rules for that silly game .
past the flower bed the green lawn gradually flowed down to the bay .
i arranged to meet my father in one of the parking garages near the capitol one of the many garages hidden under the lawns along the delaware .
four very large security guards stood around us looking across the lawn into the trees north of the house .
when it had been blown apart , the exterior walls had been blown out , onto the surrounding lawns , and the interior pillars and roof had collapsed down onto the stone floor .
i pointed down the lawn to several park benches arranged along the missouri .
white clouds rose from the lawns into the cold winter night .
we rounded a gentle bend and the trees thinned out until all that was left was a neat lawn and some low shrubs clipped into the shape of inverted drips .
i crossed the drive and lawn and walked to the lake .
from where we sat on the front lawn , it was clear that langley 's room had been destroyed , but beyond that , we could n't tell .
annabelle and emmett stepped past the bloodied body in the doorway and saw daniel on the lawn , betwixt about the predicament .
as annabelle and emmett attempted the lawn , she knew how it felt as the chickens ran towards them .
as he heard the horses hooves on the lawn , his arms , legs , mind , and tongue failed him .
emily spotted him immediately , and her heart skipped a beat as he swaggered across the lawn .
the children played freely in the open lawn , and laughter could be heard from every corner of the house .
the elegant city parks with their lush green lawns and regiments of trees , surrounded by grand architecture brought memories to mind for ben of a boyhood trip to london with his father ( to watch derby play arsenal ) .
to her left was the edge of town ; not an edge of town like the type she was used to , with the stately houses and perfectly groomed lawns that littered suburbia in chicago , but a real edge of town .
she and anne decided to pull up a spot on the lawn and enjoy their meal .
kory atchenson was mowing the lawn , his anger and swearing drowned out by the sound of the machinery .
the leaves had all fallen and the lawn had retreated into dormancy .
there were few trees and an expansive lawn of grasses and weeds .
it seemed that the lawn had been cleaned in a short notice , to organise an event .
i wiped them on the lawn , and hurled again .
several groups milled about the lavishly landscaped pathways or open patches of clean clipped lawn , some conversing , some listening to readings or songs .
a memory surfacedcroquet on the lawn , white linen tablecloths , and gleaming silver , all headed by a gargoyle of a woman in antiquated dress .
geese honked and darted around the dead lawn .
pollys eyes darted back and forth as if watching a game of lawn tennis .
vegetable carts stopped alongside manicured lawns .
it is peacefully situated off near the edge of the impeccably manicured lawn , near a large oak tree .
the lawn was well maintained and the flower beds freshly planted with new blooms .
near evening the guests started leaving and jordan found a bit of peace by himself in one of the lawn chairs .
there was even a shared patch of lawn , complete with clothes poles , and a strict rota setting out whose turn it was to hang out washing .
while mrs . jenney was dressing her towering auburn hair , mr . jenney called to her from the lawn below .
if i had felt silly driving a stupid french car before , i knew i would be really uncomfortable in this quasi - limo , that would have all the pretenses of luxury and all the performance of a lawn mower .
i stared out at the empty lawn , too angry to talk .
we were on the west side of the house , on the high part of the lawn before it descended to the marshland below .
we had waved our final goodbyes as they walked down the sidewalk , when i noticed gustav dart off across the lawn .
a few people panicked and did a full - out sprint for higher ground , but most of us just walked across the lawn , back towards the streets of the island .
there were still a few houses that had cars turned upside down on their lawn , and trees collapsed on rooftops .
there were no lights on inside either , and it looked like no one was home , so she walked onto the lawn and pondered the old wooden structure , wondering what scenes it had seen and what stories it could tell .
james pointed to a bronze statue sitting center in a paved opening surrounded by well - manicured lawns .
in front was a manicured lawn with precisely trimmed bushes , and on top was the clustered chimney hawthorne described .
in the afternoon she opened her door , grabbed the newspaper from her lawn , and opened to the classified section .
chapter 15 to the casual observer looking at the brick house in the center of town , seeing the snow on the roof , the white swing on the porch , the christmas decorations on the front lawn , the lighted tree in the window , there was no evidence a different kind of family lived there .
james sat on a snow - dusted lawn chair and watched the twinkling christmas lights glisten like stars on the ice .
as jennifer pulled onto the college campus she described the students with their backpacks swinging from their shoulders , laughing and carefree as they sat on the lawn or walked to their classes .
to save the cost of renting a building , he held it on the lawn beside the church with no chairs to further reduce the cost .
* * * she was still living in the palace , though the palace had changed since he was last here ; bare dirt paths crossed the unwatered lawns , and half the trees had been broken down , and the stillness that had once reigned here had been broken too dirty children chased each other through the corridors , and scrawny old men squatted under the colonnades , each with his few possessions , canteen and water pot and in one case a grubby , half - unwound scroll , set out neatly on his bedroll .
he looked out from the villa across the lawns , to the far side of the valley ; lush , closely cropped grass , and trimmed low herb hedges , betrayed the luxury of her establishment .
joseph , orson and william entered a large oval salon with a view onto the south lawn of the mansion .
after joseph and his friends left the blue room , john tyler walked to the curved french windows facing the south lawn and watched their carriage roll away .
joseph dismounted from the carriage on the north lawn and helped emma and the children down , then he turned to porter and said , port , the stables are just around the side there .
mr . tyler , sir , there is a wild man out on the south lawn with a wagon load of furniture .
to talk to the people with a body on their lawn .
a brick pathway led across a manicured lawn which stretched to the fence in the distance .
she chose a soft pink lawn and slipped it over her head .
just get my blue lawn from the wardrobe and well make mr . dalton wait while you plait my hair .
rose noticed the well - kept lawn and an array of colorful flowers now stood sentinel in pots arranged very cleverly in front of the newly painted house .
he felt foolish waiting on the lawn , but there was no way in hell he was going near the house alone .
each window facing the front lawn had lit tapered candles in it , giving a soft glow to the patio outside .
it coated the sidewalks , lawns , roofs , buildings , tree tops and vehicles alike in a non - discriminate cloud of fluffy whiteness .
they would find the perfect tree to cut down first and decorate it before decorating the house and building snowmen on the lawn .
soon the two children were using all their might to roll the ball of snow across the lawn .
the base was rolled into the center of the lawn and tom hoisted the middle up with graces help .
she dabbed icing in a pattern leading from the house to what would be the end of the lawn on a flat sheet of gingerbread .
grace took a moment to seal the house to its lawn as the children picked out white gumdrops for the snow .
grace coated the gingerbread lawn with icing and finished the first batch .
soon the graham crackers were being added to the roof as tom worked on sticking together some gumdrop trees for the lawn .
tom helped her form the gummy bears into a shape resembling a snowman and the completed piece was stuck on the lawn of the house .
blue and red lights flashed over the new coating of snow , bouncing off a snowman in the front lawn and reflecting off the silver reindeer .
the smell of his expensive cologne competed with fresh cut lawn .
luke gawked at the huge , carefully tended front lawn .
luke marveled at the size of the front lawn .
the lawn was n't all that great anyway .
` ` luke gets permanent lawn duty , '' lara yelled as she bounced out of the suv .
he looked down at the front lawn , spread out before that side of the house .
his mom and sisters were in the back of the moving truck merrily chucking luke 's stuff from the trailer out onto the lawn .
as luke pushed his boxes across the lawn into one big group , he regretted his more - stuff - into - less - boxes packing approach .
his sneakers dug into the plush , well - trimmed lawn , leaving little brown patches in the bright green grass .
jan sprinted across his lawn .
he watched as she crossed his lawn , making sure she did n't sneak back into his yard .
he liked the way the warm air felt on his skin , the way the lush lawns smelled , the way the town wall protected him from everything unpleasant about the desert .
they slowly crossed the lawn .
` ` i do n't know , '' jan called from halfway across the lawn , leaving lisa unsatisfied in the doorway .
colette lay on his lawn , her eyes closed and her arms extended , basking in the sun 's beams , a dreamy smile brightening her beautiful face .
he watched levir lake 's immaculate lawns and fancy driveways creep past .
marlene browsed the stately houses and tailored lawns .
the car drifted sideways a moment before coming to a rocking halt perpendicular to where luke and jan stood on the edge of a lawn .
jan and luke relaxed outside on the expansive front lawn after lunch .
you can enter into buy - right through the lawn and garden section , all you have to do is climb the fence , get to the other side and slide the glass doors open , and you will be in .
he kicked the teeth out of the creature 's jaw bone , and then ran full speed to the fence at the lawn and garden .
he hurried to the front of the store and found a shopping cart , and then headed to the lawn and garden department .
they went to the lawn and garden to have a look .
the shotgun blast had awakened all the other sleeping zombies and they were soon surrounding the lawn and garden section on all sides .
on another radio danny started making loud noises , and the hordes made their way to the back of the store , leaving the front and side parking lots empty except for the two truly dead zombies at the lawn and garden fence .
samantha , william , and mark stayed in the store making noises over the radios as danny and tom jumped the fence of lawn and garden and made their way to a large black suv parked in the side lot next to lawn and garden .
samantha , william , and mark stayed in the store making noises over the radios as danny and tom jumped the fence of lawn and garden and made their way to a large black suv parked in the side lot next to lawn and garden .
he equipped them with weapons and sent them out into the lawn and garden section .
tom and danny agreed on putting a cot from the camping department outside of the lawn and garden section just outside of the 12 foot high fence .
next they thought maybe the lawn and garden could be opened like the last store .
they decided it would be best if they got back to the lawn and garden section , and this time william , mark and samantha climbed the fence , and they shot out the sliding glass door .
he hopped on the cart and made his way to lawn and garden section where he picked up two water hoses .
this time he was looking for someone to replace the lawn and garden door .
he turned the electric scooter away from the lawn and garden and made his way to the first exit .
danny made his way to the lawn and garden in his little electric shopping cart .
he found a phone next to the lawn and garden register and pressed the intercom button .
he told a couple of them to look in lawn and gardening for some shovels and he told the others to try to find snow shovels .
he made his way to the lawn and garden area .
the hunters and sharpshooters grabbed their weapons and made their way to the lawn and garden .
danny , samantha , mark and william watched the living dead through the fence in the lawn and garden center .
he took the bombs out to the lawn and garden center along with a couple of rc cars .
mrs . hoffner died in a pool of blood on her own front lawn shortly thereafter .
sometimes i was able to drive over lawns or through parking lots .
a few times allan found the way blocked by wreckage or a stray group of the animated dead and had to turn around and drive over lawns and between buildings to keep us out of reach of the hungering monsters .
allan drove like a mad man , over lawns and between houses as we made our escape .
it happened almost right on the overgrown lawn in front of this house .
that and there were fresh killed zeds almost on the front lawn , uneaten by stray dogs , insects or the always hungry birds .
just as quickly one from inside the house , who i noted with some happiness was holding a bleeding arm , took up a position on the lawn by the front of the truck .
we trot across the lawn of ' rolling meadows ' and into the parking lot next door where we can take a minute to relax knowing no one is chasing us down .
it reminds me of the way the deer smelled when it was hit by that truck and landed on my lawn .
he tripped and fell , tumbling onto the front lawn .
hecontinued to starein amazement at the greasy lawn man .
saw a guy cutting her lawn today , kevin said .
standing there , we watched the strange man mow her lawn and i wondered if she was ever a child like us .
after a few days , the nightmares would cease , but every time the lawn man showed up and we revisited the chant , the feeling came back and so did the dreams .
no one asked what was spoken between the boys and the lawn man until the next morning when the group was back together .
* * * * * erin , adam and i were discussing halloween costumes when she noticed the front lawn at the stubbins place was growing up .
i do nt think kevins cut our lawn in three weeks , i said .
given this truth , that the demon - lady who lived on the corner was eating children provided to her by her lawn maintenance person .
on a platform laid out on the lawn , a hundred people or so danced hand in hand .
then she carefully dropped the couch down onto the lawn .
there were a couple acres of mown lawn .
on the east side of the property , a pile of arms , legs , heads , and torsos had been stacked next to a charred out section of the lawn .
back outside , on the lawn , starr probed buildings , looking for vampires , and it did nt take long for her to find them .
well , starr sighed and walked across the lawn .
-- 30 -- - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 -- 30 -- 971 the 491 a 477 and 355 he 338 of 272 to 261 his 225 in 209 was 158 it 133 her 130 i 129 on 122 she 112 you 82 said 81 from 78 him 77 that 76 at 71 with 67 into 62 for 61 as 58 this 55 like 54 had 51 were 46 an 45 me 44 one 43 what 43 be 40 not 39 or 37 by 37 all 37 if 36 its 36 my 36 when 35 so 34 there 34 they 33 did n't 32 but 30 i ' m 30 he 'd 29 is 28 no 28 them 28 over 27 then 27 through 26 about 26 do n't 26 went 26 your 26 their 25 too 23 are 23 did 23 know 23 until 22 up 21 coyote 21 we 21 it 's 21 been 20 two 20 how 20 head 19 way 19 eyes 19 was n't 19 you 're 19 light 19 only 19 hand 18 would 18 who 18 more 18 here 18 against 18 why 17 think 17 could 17 after 17 back 17 where 17 some 17 den 16 down 16 away 16 could n't 16 made 16 out 16 around 15 have 15 voice 15 much 15 left 15 got 14 can 14 off 14 get 14 black 14 came 14 module 14 sat 14 thought 14 other 14 yeah 14 do 14 days 14 thing 13 fuck 13 few 13 that 's 13 red 13 fire 13 sky 13 mouth 13 those 13 three 13 there 's 13 good 13 glass 13 himself 13 ground 13 man 13 across 13 lay 12 eye 12 hatch 12 dark 12 inside 12 enough 11 go 11 something 11 family 11 own 11 face 11 home 11 took 11 water 11 sure 11 again 11 horn 11 heard 11 blood 11 gun 11 far 11 minutes 10 people 10 even 10 hell 10 open 10 say 10 hands 10 end 10 father 10 most 10 upon 10 last 10 make 10 day 10 rifle 10 now 10 while 10 see 9 gone 9 really 9 white 9 old 9 oh 9 many 9 every 9 cold 9 long 9 several 9 site 9 let 9 trees 9 probably 9 come 9 next 9 cameras 9 another 9 watched 9 crazy 9 guy 9 story 9 being 9 once 9 walked 9 side 9 anything 9 she 'd 9 team 8 going 8 bit 8 nothing 8 earth 8 everything 8 ants 8 during 8 right 8 hair 8 near 8 kept 8 shit 8 under 8 rock 8 than 8 just 8 shadow 8 among 8 look 8 part 8 moon 8 since 8 friend 8 coyotes 8 floor 8 canteen 8 dirt 8 bottle 8 door 8 spent 8 bushes 7 video 7 things 7 told 7 watch 7 hours 7 darkness 7 call 7 area 7 cheek 7 sitting 7 dead 7 maybe 7 happened 7 thick 7 monitor 7 started 7 shadows 7 work 7 full 7 any 7 3 7 hat 7 mountains 7 still 7 seen 7 very 7 bear 7 least 7 else 7 i ' ve 7 mind 7 except 7 lost 7 well 7 because 7 stood 7 world 7 hard 7 called 7 camp 7 shot 7 fear 7 field 7 night 7 time 7 either 7 throat 7 began 7 along 7 before 7 place 7 first 6 wild 6 flesh 6 hear 6 should 6 rocks 6 better 6 set 6 real 6 tree 6 fingers 6 behind 6 knife 6 feet 6 dream 6 morning 6 interior 6 god 6 moment 6 beyond 6 helicopter 6 later 6 trail 6 lived 6 where 's 6 fucking 6 sense 6 belt 6 chair 6 might 6 someone 6 would ' ve 6 half 6 bush 6 wall 6 i 'll 6 skull 6 stuck 6 devil 6 almost 6 film 6 spam 6 feed 6 looked 6 wasps 6 wanted 6 soft 6 drank 6 take 6 fell 6 wore 6 these 6 glasses 6 lot 6 nearby 6 remained 6 saw 5 gray 5 resembled 5 keep 5 although 5 boy 5 anyway 5 want 5 we 'll 5 dog 5 listening 5 he 's 5 dreamed 5 they 'd 5 little 5 we 're 5 animal 5 distance 5 built 5 great 5 without 5 leaves 5 footage 5 legs 5 kind 5 smoke 5 whole 5 lying 5 actually 5 dry 5 stars 5 hq 5 weeks 5 chairs 5 deep 5 sun 5 six 5 toward 5 died 5 free 5 big 5 tracks 5 toshi 5 yet 5 brush 5 put 5 hundred 5 course 5 ever 5 okay 5 hung 5 within 5 worth 5 covered 5 none 5 followed 5 empty 5 laughed 5 carried 5 animals 5 sound 5 found 5 jerk 5 locked 5 edge 5 computer 5 afraid 5 human 5 ca n't 5 closed 5 turned 5 tell 5 name 5 sleeping 5 clouds 5 years 5 pair 5 help 4 twenty 4 cracked 4 farther 4 naked 4 ran 4 south 4 afternoon 4 ear 4 occasionally 4 killing 4 stone 4 em 4 men 4 seconds 4 job 4 need 4 cup 4 froze 4 dragged 4 shut 4 wondered 4 twisted 4 doing 4 wood 4 hot 4 ranchers 4 smell 4 late 4 tapes 4 cult 4 whatever 4 bag 4 surprised 4 lips 4 fast 4 arm 4 supervisor 4 damned 4 ago 4 alone 4 pit 4 months 4 stared 4 poured 4 crows 4 understand 4 had n't 4 passed 4 getting 4 couple 4 gathered 4 pilot 4 breeze 4 feel 4 bleeker 4 thinking 4 heart 4 stumbled 4 second 4 pretty 4 telling 4 nose 4 drawn 4 ten 4 sweet 4 thousands 4 wind 4 nice 4 were n't 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 smashed 4 ring 4 decided 4 felt 4 hour 4 dim 4 you ' ve 4 raised 4 missing 4 between 4 tommy 4 though 4 rabies 4 appeared 4 tongue 4 have n't 4 myself 4 shoulder 4 asked 4 puppy 4 got ta 4 freaks 4 meant 4 form 4 baby 4 dust 4 vanished 4 scratched 4 yes 4 are n't 4 waited 4 which 4 buck 4 small 4 meters 4 coming 4 school 4 finally 4 cave 4 falling 4 heavy 4 you 'll 4 hills 4 phone 4 showed 4 probe 4 sunset 4 looking 4 carry 4 us 4 belly 4 brought 4 scope 4 brain 4 bet 4 range 4 ridge 4 moved 4 times 4 entrance 4 room 4 high 3 dropped 3 nearest 3 activity 3 birds 3 presence 3 type 3 worked 3 ended 3 death 3 situation 3 appropriate 3 beard 3 certain 3 bunch 3 breath 3 drunk 3 rose 3 grounds 3 thigh 3 person 3 green 3 yellow 3 vast 3 slipped 3 working 3 threw 3 dug 3 eventually 3 rendered 3 vista 3 eating 3 might ' ve 3 bobcat 3 huge 3 mostly 3 poitier 3 whoever 3 bottom 3 scotch 3 faint 3 plain 3 jar 3 foot 3 gets 3 pressed 3 today 3 howled 3 designed 3 tb 3 hawk 3 ears 3 booze 3 sick 3 pack 3 experience 3 entire 3 plastic 3 listened 3 sea 3 recording 3 csi 3 expected 3 never 3 habitat 3 roots 3 action 3 woke 3 basin 3 month 3 shacks 3 watching 3 snapping 3 model 3 static 3 tightened 3 fist 3 billy 3 flip 3 case 3 bloody 3 together 3 chopper 3 original 3 bob 3 touched 3 crawled 3 wound 3 traps 3 past 3 gave 3 run 3 our 3 farm 3 large 3 removed 3 neck 3 sierras 3 central 3 smiled 3 image 3 b5 3 sorry 3 data 3 tranquilizer 3 chest 3 juniper 3 love 3 horror 3 briefing 3 feeling 3 army 3 mix 3 thanks 3 each 3 count 3 bone 3 navigating 3 piss 3 pieces 3 money 3 testing 3 forward 3 bird 3 peanut 3 bugs 3 we ' ve 3 sprawled 3 thousand 3 happen 3 ugly 3 stalking 3 flight 3 fact 3 cause 3 fucked 3 acrid 3 blind 3 recall 3 became 3 sniffing 3 handle 3 equipment 3 wilderness 3 west 3 lemonade 3 cleared 3 state 3 knuckles 3 less 3 insects 3 whiskey 3 hit 3 branches 3 leather 3 worry 3 hanging 3 chewed 3 fabric 3 ragged 3 friends 3 regarded 3 music 3 broke 3 playing 3 space 3 likely 3 wedged 3 scuttled 3 settled 3 break 3 sounded 3 must 3 seemed 3 body 3 single 3 beans 3 pocket 3 compartment 3 digging 3 kids 3 stag 3 dunno 3 crates 3 hurt 3 wooden 3 toilet 3 spoon 3 stir 3 alive 3 crash 3 write 3 dressed 3 broken 3 reports 3 cot 3 weird 3 walking 3 train 3 strange 3 leaned 3 idea 3 slightly 3 air 3 shook 3 scores 3 used 3 true 3 beneath 3 remote 3 walls 3 different 3 believe 3 quickly 3 moving 3 creepy 3 change 3 clicked 3 remember 3 glowed 3 anarchists 3 event 3 best 3 tape 3 machine 3 lungs 3 sort 3 kilometers 3 low 3 realized 3 held 3 clear 3 cigarette 3 pain 3 circled 3 stepped 3 such 3 shape 3 evil 3 yard 3 deer 3 sexy 3 cell 3 five 3 closer 3 ranch 3 dying 3 core 3 mud 3 cloud 3 guys 3 hunter 3 acid 3 short 3 grabbed 3 sister 3 needles 3 butter 3 hips 3 returned 3 grinned 3 perhaps 3 above 3 keyboard 3 thin 3 consciousness 2 mighty 2 belonged 2 threshold 2 motionless 2 super 2 silly 2 knew 2 favorite 2 project 2 lonely 2 check 2 cow 2 revenge 2 wo n't 2 partially 2 top 2 fuckers 2 local 2 musk 2 directly 2 alaska 2 jagged 2 1 2 hawks 2 hive 2 government 2 cooked 2 fresh 2 serious 2 trickled 2 bar 2 fine 2 taught 2 supply 2 boot 2 poor 2 expanse 2 spend 2 already 2 cracks 2 saying 2 forensics 2 jars 2 gig 2 stroked 2 position 2 twinkled 2 table 2 caps 2 nest 2 curled 2 crater 2 shorts 2 dissolved 2 house 2 detail 2 wiring 2 smacked 2 met 2 positioned 2 denial 2 sage 2 referred 2 research 2 lunch 2 center 2 bring 2 relentless 2 monitors 2 arrived 2 cabinet 2 infrared 2 mom 2 power 2 blocked 2 tears 2 witnessed 2 samples 2 they 'll 2 girl 2 flick 2 rex 2 abruptly 2 wet 2 creeps 2 wrapped 2 let 's 2 crackers 2 third 2 preceding 2 wrote 2 buses 2 religious 2 shock 2 bad 2 clamped 2 ashes 2 below 2 haunted 2 batteries 2 speak 2 stirred 2 closely 2 scrub 2 boulders 2 landscape 2 wreck 2 vaquero 2 whined 2 tad 2 extended 2 die 2 jumpsuit 2 shannon 2 freakin ' 2 spirits 2 post 2 tail 2 opposite 2 four 2 jessica 2 fanned 2 honey 2 horses 2 billings 2 beast 2 weak 2 region 2 grass 2 luck 2 prairie 2 joint 2 deadly 2 aura 2 hill 2 rotten 2 main 2 gibbered 2 temple 2 blue 2 tear 2 advice 2 harsh 2 jealous 2 cage 2 twitched 2 meal 2 fat 2 life 2 talking 2 lange 2 system 2 college 2 wilds 2 wrong 2 stand 2 pushed 2 copse 2 risk 2 cattle 2 heat 2 tweed 2 beside 2 flashlight 2 match 2 boulder 2 rabbits 2 mounds 2 bitch 2 fires 2 surface 2 phantom 2 gore 2 smoked 2 picked 2 kinda 2 security 2 b6 2 hamburger 2 metal 2 feeds 2 containing 2 turn 2 specimen 2 split 2 answer 2 oil 2 harder 2 regained 2 inches 2 move 2 earlier 2 civilization 2 signs 2 brother 2 aside 2 frame 2 crouched 2 nerve 2 grab 2 mice 2 revealed 2 radio 2 forgotten 2 bed 2 literally 2 movie 2 soon 2 legend 2 chemical 2 theory 2 separated 2 accepting 2 canyons 2 beautiful 2 become 2 vicinity 2 department 2 elements 2 entering 2 supplies 2 awake 2 woman 2 pilot 's 2 aware 2 driver 2 narrow 2 prints 2 following 2 fed 2 lullaby 2 hideous 2 paranoia 2 gleamed 2 breathing 2 opportunity 2 d 2 victims 2 impressions 2 canyon 2 terror 2 stories 2 itched 2 lens 2 pal 2 boots 2 outta 2 tripped 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 finger 2 pillow 2 screamed 2 forty - five 2 parks 2 wish 2 circuit 2 geologist 2 attention 2 ornery 2 horrors 2 changed 2 crept 2 close 2 hidden 2 sloping 2 find 2 brief 2 estimated 2 year 2 ripe 2 considered 2 muscles 2 dahl 2 storm 2 fluttered 2 entrances 2 foul 2 nights 2 tonight 2 witch 2 cover 2 will 2 rain 2 wrist 2 hunters 2 shocked 2 shifted 2 stayed 2 starring 2 rim 2 problem 2 coughed 2 campsite 2 caked 2 warm 2 i 'd 2 blurry 2 worming 2 hunting 2 screen 2 cries 2 torpid 2 converted 2 removing 2 rode 2 flat 2 tired 2 mountain 2 flank 2 file 2 fly 2 family 's 2 horizon 2 fixed 2 accent 2 paper 2 vision 2 slice 2 thus 2 lately 2 csis 2 bits 2 bright 2 asleep 2 named 2 company 2 burning 2 scraped 2 shoulders 2 others 2 slept 2 carcass 2 sent 2 movies 2 property 2 sector 2 crawl 2 scuffed 2 scorched 2 shade 2 gon na 2 handed 2 vaguely 2 clothes 2 woods 2 separate 2 flickered 2 testament 2 parts 2 truth 2 lawn 2 struck 2 acceptable 2 sighed 2 somebody 2 flipping 2 filtered 2 rapidly 2 aspirin 2 stowed 2 disappeared 2 burrowed 2 rounds 2 buttons 2 older 2 buzzing 2 kidding 2 could ' ve 2 asshole 2 taking 2 consider 2 jaw 2 tractor 2 weapon 2 funny 2 eleven 2 checking 2 glanced 2 enemies 2 hole 2 ridges 2 faded 2 toggled 2 scratching 2 occurred 2 pulled 2 knocking 2 boys 2 what 's 2 mounting 2 petrified 2 cheep 2 propped 2 view 2 always 2 touch 2 forest 2 dude 2 leaked 2 suffered 2 fractured 2 leg - hold 2 toe 2 loved 2 led 2 stream 2 smug 2 muttering 2 ready 2 worse 2 denver 2 processing 2 trip 2 track 2 lair 2 guttural 2 padded 2 catsup 2 soldering 2 pool 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 is n't 2 done 2 wife 2 corner 2 screwed 2 preened 2 nightmares 2 abandoned 2 early 2 murder 2 mother 2 broad 2 panties 2 longer 2 traveled 2 give 2 creeping 2 gaze 2 figure 2 spears 2 ribs 2 scare 2 parcel 2 grime 2 scared 2 lab 2 reached 2 goodbye 2 attached 2 trained 2 immediate 2 seattle 2 useless 2 lighting 2 mounted 2 perimeter 2 moisture 2 lurked 2 spill 2 drunken 2 cassettes 2 alder 2 trap 2 also 2 scents 2 hee 2 coat 2 color 2 cubicle 2 sandal 2 chafed 2 instead 2 exposed 2 staring 2 glow 2 cut 2 evidence 2 easy 2 rise 2 dialed 2 ruined 2 rolling 2 device 2 camera 2 baked 2 hammock- 2 try 2 wings 2 stealthy 2 somebody 's 2 courage 2 chuckled 2 photographs 2 ancient 2 flipped 2 forth 2 drove 2 joined 2 dome 2 ghostly 2 floated 2 would n't 2 teeth 2 sang 2 ventured 2 bitter 2 senses 2 stepmom 2 reason 2 buddy 2 apart 2 leave 2 size 2 stretched 2 tin 2 town 2 winked 2 blank 2 acting 2 liar 2 completely 2 pathetic 2 safety 2 gold 2 waterproof 2 week 2 despite 2 buried 2 pine 2 eighteen 2 you 'd 2 lank 2 fellow 2 burn 2 latest 2 mean 2 via 2 kit 2 stick 2 leaped 2 surveillance 2 brown 2 curiosity 2 drop 2 retirement 2 stupid 2 spying 2 kilometer 2 party 2 counter 2 perspective 2 kiss 2 trying 2 badass 2 rotor 2 bullshit 2 picture 2 scene 2 play 2 noise 1 cope 1 infamous 1 orbited 1 descended 1 acreage 1 proven 1 aid 1 beats 1 awakened 1 dwelling 1 compartments 1 taken 1 edgy - she 1 scab 1 retching 1 obviously 1 campfire 1 cock 1 married 1 bering 1 shrapnel 1 cowboys 1 counted 1 experts 1 cozy 1 clang 1 practical 1 matters 1 corn 1 sinewy 1 previous 1 sacrificing 1 verified 1 inserting 1 dancing 1 synthetic 1 steadily 1 insight 1 studied 1 fauna 1 jiffy 1 1969 1 ol ' 1 board 1 photograph 1 exercise 1 discretion 1 figures 1 land 1 lights 1 chopped 1 breast 1 pasty 1 tissues 1 lucid 1 comprehended 1 arc 1 pinto 1 urban 1 festivals 1 mentally 1 wriggled 1 swings 1 shouted 1 half - hour 1 mild 1 chip 1 druids 1 reckon 1 trigger 1 warped 1 fiercely 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 observer 1 swarm 1 flooded 1 endings 1 rivers 1 magazine 1 dodging 1 bitches 1 showers 1 cackling 1 tumblers 1 cecidostiba 1 note 1 bellowed 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 conducting 1 slung 1 breeches 1 everyone 1 tables 1 matter 1 coals 1 invited 1 tinted 1 braincase 1 stifled 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 quart 1 identify 1 sleazy 1 loooved 1 ashamed 1 splitting 1 owls 1 environs 1 sink 1 depths 1 toilets 1 disquieting 1 readily 1 squatted 1 mosquito 1 ice - locked 1 hacked 1 amount 1 thrush 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 destination 1 farts 1 s3 1 coats 1 radio 's 1 roald 1 woodsmen 1 impassive 1 lack 1 gallons 1 roved 1 steppes 1 zeroed 1 famous 1 ajar 1 immediately 1 trespassed 1 holy 1 gummed 1 plane 1 limped 1 mundane 1 danced 1 exacerbated 1 operative 1 ex 1 sizzle 1 return 1 intervals 1 selected 1 handling 1 antenna 1 beasley 1 mite 1 mention 1 liquid 1 precious 1 quarry 1 heads 1 caverns 1 ex - husband 1 reconcile 1 products 1 stirring 1 hunted 1 explicit 1 yours 1 thorn 1 snuffed 1 obstacle 1 interest 1 roared 1 inordinately 1 probational 1 bulldozed 1 sickos 1 resorted 1 anymore 1 panel 1 surprise 1 matted 1 bleary 1 incoherent 1 occulted 1 screened 1 meanwhile 1 unscathed 1 ghost 1 microwave 1 build 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 mound 1 crowd - and 1 backpack 1 hip 1 matting 1 poisoned 1 horse 1 arms 1 slabs 1 climbing 1 treating 1 pile 1 ex - rugby 1 unclear 1 evening 1 esophagus 1 fritz 1 word 1 goon 1 tickled 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 holding 1 hissed 1 deal 1 city 1 gospel 1 repressed 1 thickest 1 personal 1 shell 1 ranch - nor 1 punish 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 soda 1 solitaire 1 hesitation 1 pre - tended 1 backpacks 1 hated 1 strangeness 1 sipped 1 recognize 1 mossy 1 crooked 1 clusters 1 rage 1 knee 1 line 1 whenever 1 shout 1 disrespect 1 twenty - four - hour 1 fled 1 atrocities 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 b 1 timbre 1 paralyzed 1 lapse 1 partner 1 wonderful 1 spat 1 biology 1 luggage 1 helpless 1 impossibly 1 horns 1 country 1 poison 1 sports 1 obvious 1 torch 1 wire 1 retrieval 1 boar 1 agent 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 stained 1 david 1 visors 1 realizing 1 tomahawk 1 tooth 1 wonder 1 bizarrely 1 does 1 organic 1 vents 1 outside 1 nice - a 1 cultists 1 swooped 1 process 1 speculate 1 blasted 1 rapture 1 passive 1 young 1 combing 1 burial 1 keith 1 hideout 1 penetrated 1 offline 1 spiked 1 reflexively 1 laugh 1 powered 1 black - the 1 mellow 1 perfect 1 mat - ter 1 boonies 1 viewports 1 tale 1 difficult 1 sleep 1 indicated 1 drifted 1 birth 1 wiped 1 sickens 1 dwell 1 documents 1 both 1 sign - and 1 breastbone 1 lectured 1 overcome 1 lighted 1 intercom 1 decisions 1 sneered 1 male 1 inexorably 1 tearful 1 forbidden 1 spied 1 prior 1 resupply 1 obliterate 1 property - their 1 bore 1 summers 1 debacle 1 plotted 1 knocks 1 drinking 1 located 1 pass 1 slab 1 plowed 1 jeep 1 yakima 1 nasty 1 swiftly 1 chorus 1 half - kilometer 1 speaking 1 forgetting 1 gnats 1 total 1 grip 1 elaborateness 1 zoomed 1 excitement 1 flares 1 mine 1 bogeymen 1 ambled 1 object 1 add 1 existence 1 pinch 1 tv 1 including 1 control 1 trotted 1 mumble 1 puffs 1 cooped 1 morphed 1 bothering 1 universe 1 portion 1 itself 1 barb 1 mapping 1 happens 1 hoax 1 dumped 1 chambered 1 downplayed 1 folks 1 maps - according 1 caves 1 kenya 1 cocked 1 oblivious 1 negative 1 stole 1 mate 1 crevices 1 transport 1 wavering 1 hate 1 limed 1 unknowable 1 crevice 1 gulp 1 muscular 1 nakedness 1 blur 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 academic 1 clues 1 altered 1 dosed 1 twitch 1 o'clock 1 russians 1 furrows 1 multiple 1 approach 1 gut 1 horrible 1 deeper 1 revealing 1 pounds 1 groundhogs 1 bleeker 's 1 unsnapped 1 cultist 1 squeaked 1 c'm on 1 drink 1 recently 1 dad 1 threat 1 character 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 lover 1 rather 1 aussie 1 convulsing 1 stuff 1 tick 1 packs 1 lady 1 complaints 1 whispered 1 age 1 lions 1 scrawny 1 backbone 1 trait 1 sexual 1 there 'd 1 punched 1 classes 1 undone 1 fetal 1 sickeningly 1 higher 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 blistered 1 rising 1 symbols 1 recesses 1 cramped 1 60s 1 plural 1 steel 1 key 1 save 1 it 'd 1 strangling 1 magnified 1 tyson 1 who 'd 1 screens 1 stubble 1 ticking 1 severely 1 unhurriedly 1 replaced 1 alighted 1 significant 1 improvised 1 retaliating 1 idle 1 forms 1 mangled 1 unbuckling 1 ethereal 1 blinked 1 crappy 1 reverberated 1 toga 1 yanking 1 soccer 1 height 1 capable 1 singing 1 talk 1 hmm 1 impaired 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 enunciating 1 adulthood 1 subtle 1 pot 1 scrupulous 1 comes 1 marriage 1 fix 1 berth 1 chilly 1 arrive 1 poised 1 prowl 1 pooled 1 snored 1 connection 1 exultance 1 interminable 1 twenty - minute 1 cotton 1 steel - gray 1 jehovah 1 war 1 glaciated 1 fairly 1 crotches 1 attend 1 burrowing 1 fringes 1 lynching 1 wished 1 arrival 1 kaleidoscope 1 fork 1 whoom 1 climbed 1 peep 1 shindig 1 affected 1 aiming 1 anti - establishment 1 meaningful 1 rolled 1 erasing 1 snickered 1 eccentricity 1 terrified 1 producer 1 incinerated 1 caught 1 rummy 1 rippled 1 decayed 1 blecher 1 arranged 1 simple 1 opener 1 perched 1 cycle 1 furniture 1 volition 1 blame 1 mastering 1 mitigating 1 erased 1 concentrating 1 emerging 1 suggest 1 glint 1 aviator 1 panting 1 shimmered 1 misshapen 1 coils 1 worn 1 jokes 1 snake 1 segregated 1 bowl 1 media 1 anybody 1 binoculars 1 lifting 1 pick 1 winding 1 tuned 1 pumped 1 chalk 1 uncomfortably 1 hunched 1 gore - splattered 1 reminded 1 yesterday 1 pathological 1 rape 1 think - and 1 apocalyptic 1 busting 1 daybreak 1 studies 1 silent 1 affixed 1 decibels 1 drained 1 aberrant 1 freaky 1 troll 1 trapped 1 welled 1 tangled 1 shine 1 crowbar 1 loath 1 opening 1 simon 1 popped 1 satanists 1 mucky 1 atmosphere 1 bundy 1 bare 1 orange 1 sacrificed 1 revived 1 sometime 1 happening 1 curdled 1 permanent 1 sunshine 1 symptoms 1 flashes 1 massacre 1 long - term 1 one - not 1 battery 1 turning 1 maker 's 1 some - how 1 act 1 closing 1 throw 1 overhanging 1 equaled 1 oak 1 juices 1 sliver 1 flinging 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 isolated 1 how 's 1 national 1 appears 1 reserve 1 punch 1 dopey 1 terrible 1 infiltrating 1 inaudible 1 hefted 1 ramshackle 1 cross - legged 1 assortment 1 keyed 1 brains 1 snugged 1 care 1 remaining 1 touchy 1 crap 1 clutched 1 spilled 1 explain 1 dynamics 1 retrieved 1 seized 1 pressing 1 shuddered 1 damn 1 focused 1 league 1 rank 1 quick 1 highly 1 slow 1 squirming 1 instinct 1 underbrush 1 map 1 masturbated 1 distortion 1 intensely 1 ickiest 1 possibility 1 cigarettes 1 suspicious 1 molten 1 survive 1 populations 1 vicinity - they 'd 1 emanated 1 southern 1 buzzed 1 bushel 1 homesteaders 1 climate 1 riding 1 pondering 1 horned 1 series 1 predator 1 outdoors 1 30 -- 1 spongy 1 places 1 slight 1 running 1 bucket 1 killers 1 nervous 1 gash 1 switch 1 haze 1 mistake 1 shoe 1 outlines 1 effectively 1 hostile 1 slip 1 blow 1 primal 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 articles 1 sites 1 spew 1 strode 1 lotion 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 rhythm 1 lifestyle 1 reputation 1 toxic 1 vitality 1 labyrinthine 1 wallets 1 smelling 1 bodies 1 girls 1 hardcore 1 munching 1 screwier 1 guessed 1 outdoor 1 formed 1 primitive 1 normal 1 stiff 1 enervated 1 dreary 1 clearing 1 handful 1 canned 1 chill 1 writhing 1 goods 1 wells 1 grimace 1 groove 1 whores 1 games 1 squirting 1 cheap 1 spooky 1 advised 1 kernel 1 dirt - munching 1 operation 1 breathy 1 transportation 1 rotting 1 redness 1 buttocks 1 pole 1 art 1 allentown 1 licked 1 footpath 1 members 1 sensation 1 haunts 1 prism 1 sworn 1 grin 1 homeboys 1 law 1 argento - style 1 pyrenees 1 collective 1 mentioning 1 protective 1 agony 1 understood 1 condos 1 seat 1 gulch 1 detonated 1 shelters 1 gear 1 kerosene 1 anxiety 1 short - short 1 antiquated 1 mucus 1 nail 1 agricultural 1 brutally 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 wandering 1 flute 1 features 1 letting 1 hygiene 1 preferred 1 twisting 1 please 1 everybody 1 ceremonies 1 shit 's 1 sequence 1 contents 1 waved 1 behaviors 1 malls 1 hack 1 distinct 1 sledgehammer 1 vas 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 unlock 1 moore 1 surge 1 jaws 1 nah 1 moments 1 smuggled 1 layer 1 bitch 's 1 opened 1 glistening 1 union 1 dulled 1 enormous 1 detection 1 creepiest 1 remains 1 notice 1 group 1 ch 1 motion 1 yipped 1 unintelligible 1 tales 1 five - year - old 1 sparks 1 provided 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 rained 1 mayhem 1 reenactment 1 ambition 1 lawyers 1 insignificance 1 bark 1 dropping 1 laughter 1 psych 1 co - opt 1 creature 1 paying 1 pamphlets 1 roads 1 memory 1 laird 1 shred 1 throats 1 urged 1 limescale 1 types 1 nubian 1 bones 1 solar 1 limestone 1 satisfy 1 lurching 1 reliable 1 slammer 1 puffed 1 scrabbled 1 sullen 1 bicycles 1 force 1 disperse 1 pictures 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 manitou 1 badlands 1 strike 1 unlocked 1 lairs 1 stall 1 brightened 1 expect 1 silverware 1 burned 1 wounded 1 softer 1 starvation 1 history 1 fit 1 louder 1 observing 1 seems 1 deranged 1 living 1 obscuring 1 follow 1 continued 1 tournament 1 tortured 1 strength 1 um - hm 1 outbreak 1 zero 1 sedative 1 crunched 1 ankle 1 generation 1 every - thing 1 attracted 1 c1 1 chose 1 sliding 1 mop 1 stud 1 depots 1 mud - encrusted 1 plate 1 credulous 1 record 1 kowtowed 1 jellified 1 bio 1 sixty 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 uncharacteristic 1 they 're 1 northeast 1 camouflage 1 glittering 1 vibration 1 scenario 1 was - christ 1 whistled 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 vulnerability 1 microwaved 1 gophers 1 enclosure 1 stifle 1 unease 1 foothold 1 angles 1 blouse 1 levering 1 irrational 1 scream 1 america 1 claustrophobia 1 circling 1 poker 1 growing 1 vicious 1 slumped 1 ex - lover 1 console 1 pus 1 trophy 1 portland- 1 placenta 1 cramp 1 wave 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 hillside 1 leg 1 briskly 1 protect 1 gored 1 herself 1 reported 1 shirtless 1 mumbling 1 tagged 1 chew 1 bowels 1 horn 's 1 furry 1 programmed 1 child 1 subcontractors 1 vietnam 1 scouted 1 circumference 1 dracula 's 1 stomping 1 onto 1 composite 1 bastards 1 talented 1 briefings 1 sturdy 1 cultures 1 miles 1 images 1 low - grade 1 slaves 1 phones 1 stations 1 malt 1 wan na 1 angel 1 buckle 1 ways 1 emerged 1 niches 1 whether 1 forever 1 penny 1 send 1 states 1 dorm 1 buoyed 1 devil 's 1 puddles 1 forty - eight 1 reminisce 1 settings 1 sprang 1 unconsciousness 1 screw - on 1 trampled 1 mule 1 nightly 1 stuttered 1 cocksuckers 1 researchers 1 ninety - minute 1 promise 1 spattered 1 conceivable 1 assess 1 slow - moving 1 trembled 1 squirrels 1 sacred 1 rubbed 1 orphaned 1 screw 1 tenderly 1 impulsiveness 1 travois - ing 1 pant 1 bounty 1 belligerent 1 progress 1 minor 1 visitation 1 fields 1 mixed 1 jiggle 1 anthropomorphic 1 auctioned 1 motives 1 special 1 packing 1 cowpokes 1 ultimately 1 voices 1 generally 1 compliment 1 howard 1 afterglow 1 sagebrush 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 describe 1 rucksack 1 leaning 1 reality 1 itch 1 menacing 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 grimy 1 low - income 1 recognized 1 savanna 1 anyone 1 pleasant 1 demo 1 doubt 1 midterm 1 nestled 1 thudding 1 caliper 1 block 1 straight - to - video 1 eight 1 however 1 chafe 1 why 'd 1 hiss 1 grow 1 chablis 1 zap 1 double 1 years ' 1 beat 1 stung 1 cap 1 shots 1 kansas 1 violin 1 blown 1 swirled 1 rats 1 epidemic 1 sourness 1 pitchfork 1 vet 1 flicked 1 hardly 1 ram 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 crushed 1 eager 1 dad 's 1 averaged 1 immensity 1 splat 1 clumping 1 streaks 1 crumpled 1 gnat 1 joyous 1 blowflies 1 blinded 1 rabid 1 prey 1 repulsed 1 insidious 1 soft - eyed 1 lure 1 pull - down 1 patterns 1 recoiling 1 verged 1 assignment 1 ceiling 1 song 1 bole 1 caved 1 report 1 whatever 's 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 long - lost 1 taxidermy 1 sounding 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 crawling 1 bursts 1 japan - the 1 desert 1 imagined 1 boring 1 7 mm 1 nomads 1 nested 1 garfunkel 1 carson 1 downturned 1 conscious 1 shrieks 1 rocky 1 afflicted 1 followers 1 jumped 1 luckily 1 parking 1 breakfast 1 blizzard 1 kin 1 locker 1 indigents 1 descaling 1 half - dozen 1 anticipated 1 sounds 1 hello 1 visuals 1 mountainous 1 rule 1 direction 1 knocked 1 investigating 1 halves 1 neither 1 skin 1 footprints 1 yellow - tinted 1 rescue 1 squeamish 1 clinched 1 migrating 1 doctor 1 milliseconds 1 seeped 1 lifeless 1 grim 1 insane 1 braced 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shotgun 1 scrunched 1 thickened 1 captured 1 future 1 quite 1 knows 1 yelped 1 easy - it 's 1 refer 1 vertical 1 ill 1 nonetheless 1 folklore 1 sewage 1 stared - stared 1 hooked 1 lanterns 1 shatterproof 1 absolutely 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 secrecy 1 weigh 1 tight 1 robbing 1 generators 1 papier - m 1 eon 1 things - a 1 windblown 1 junipers 1 sometimes 1 confused 1 barefoot 1 pecked 1 ached 1 arced 1 carnivorous 1 overhead 1 southeastern 1 pin - wheeling 1 drag 1 lookout 1 feels 1 strong 1 comforts 1 olympic 1 balanced 1 partition 1 eh 1 alike 1 almighty 1 bible 1 snags 1 humor 1 dreadful 1 paced 1 weekly 1 indeed 1 making 1 benches 1 billowing 1 undulated 1 beaten 1 matches 1 myth 1 curtains 1 earthen 1 stopped 1 shithouse 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 homies 1 museum 1 slick 1 storage 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 steelworkers 1 roll 1 father 's 1 pitch 1 sand 1 ranks 1 scratches 1 hostel 1 steam 1 bequeathed 1 red - lit 1 altars 1 chimpanzees 1 incarnate 1 pricked 1 suit 1 numerous 1 disturbing 1 interference 1 bomb 1 rainforest 1 fixated 1 boiling 1 droppings 1 paltry 1 exclamation 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 connected 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 swarming 1 unzipped 1 martian 1 awoke 1 outdated 1 lunatic 1 special - ties 1 thrill - killing 1 gasped 1 sop 1 vodka 1 selves 1 scenery 1 hull 1 rife 1 analysis 1 collected 1 narks 1 hank 1 analyzing 1 snare 1 tall 1 laphroaig 1 tasted 1 sloughing 1 man - made 1 weapons 1 unlimber 1 unfortunately 1 smash 1 quality 1 extreme 1 spiritually 1 hanger 1 buddy - boy 1 often 1 vacation 1 remembered 1 notes 1 handfuls 1 raw 1 industriously 1 crashing 1 hi 1 hiking 1 960s 1 flitted 1 weariness 1 adds 1 dart 1 withstand 1 contacts 1 satan 1 difficulty 1 nails 1 cuffs 1 sob 1 waste 1 washed 1 robots 1 described 1 bus 1 fluorescent 1 same 1 believed 1 vertically 1 rich 1 limned 1 stuffing 1 t - shirt 1 everywhere 1 cheeks 1 scrim 1 scary 1 seventy - two 1 shoddy 1 red - tail 1 paranoid 1 larger 1 pitiful 1 choose 1 playmate - era 1 wren 1 dario 1 leaving 1 middle 1 occupied 1 nude 1 rat 1 displayed 1 younger 1 doubled 1 mumbled 1 reinforce 1 gps 1 galvanized 1 eat 1 function 1 raspy 1 gelatin 1 motor 1 pinhole 1 shouting 1 cat 1 guilty 1 pissed 1 husked 1 rumor 1 barren 1 fucker 1 liquor 1 ticked 1 spot 1 woodsman 1 spread 1 ones 1 ass 1 massaged 1 extents 1 smelled 1 tramping 1 certainly 1 kitchen 1 decomposed 1 slam 1 plays 1 soles 1 nostrils 1 transfixed 1 turnoffs 1 beastie 1 carefully 1 shower 1 buncha 1 chain 1 engine 1 rack 1 society 1 hiding 1 bury 1 busy 1 tree - hugging 1 forced 1 intrigued 1 focus 1 washboard 1 theremin 1 basis 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 ability 1 token 1 suspect 1 lingered 1 ascertaining 1 profit 1 ri - i - ght - i ' m 1 convenient 1 strings 1 book 1 airlifted 1 fourteen 1 fumbling 1 weeds 1 judgment 1 responded 1 stripped 1 smoldering 1 slid 1 dissipated 1 deliver 1 chocolate 1 fools 1 savage 1 trash 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 dinner 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 bolted 1 attack 1 vets 1 retched 1 ruts 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 unwitting 1 career 1 airport 1 secret 1 cnn 1 branch 1 hardy 1 urge 1 motive 1 offer 1 slashes 1 kill 1 thumb 1 collar 1 door - nails 1 escape 1 rails 1 docile 1 trudging 1 salt 1 collects 1 scattering 1 morphine 1 bronze 1 permeated 1 eyelids 1 occult 1 shift 1 hydroponics 1 women 1 healthy 1 bra 1 wheedling 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 mood 1 spackled 1 balled 1 racing 1 sleek 1 alley 1 pattern 1 fully 1 product 1 studying 1 entry 1 children 1 patiently 1 chiseled 1 whine 1 subside 1 pits 1 problems 1 freeze 1 lowering 1 nine - month 1 smarts 1 dating 1 satanism 1 lowered 1 skunk 1 dangling 1 shone 1 foam 1 counselor 1 espionage 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scooped 1 mudder 1 follows 1 thought- 1 anyhow 1 scientist 1 hummed 1 lit 1 imagination 1 techs 1 able 1 demons 1 staking 1 interests 1 hooking 1 landlady 1 titillating 1 style 1 path 1 costume 1 signal 1 pursue 1 hooch 1 right - definitely 1 marsh 1 american 1 drew 1 chuckle 1 smudged 1 withdrew 1 some - thing 1 barbary 1 shifty 1 numbly 1 television 1 sift 1 contrary 1 shattered 1 vibrator 1 scummy 1 bent 1 kinks 1 involved 1 blurred 1 diabetes 1 parents 1 verisimilitude 1 northern 1 god - awful 1 vcr 1 cinders 1 stage - whispered 1 foothills 1 assertion 1 intact 1 composted 1 surroundings 1 darted 1 murdered 1 university 1 friendly 1 semifascia 1 backward 1 crackled 1 swarmed 1 dogs 1 is - for 1 eclipsed 1 clearly 1 cripes 1 deformed 1 nobody 1 twigs 1 unearthly 1 backbreaking 1 committed 1 northwest 1 disapproved 1 therapist 1 glad 1 decomposition 1 boards 1 sucked 1 discovered 1 replaying 1 sit 1 moth 1 county 1 teams 1 ravine 1 rap 1 rawhide 1 gritted 1 powerful 1 manner 1 bloated 1 stabbed 1 escalate 1 sexless 1 organ 1 species 1 besides 1 fossilized 1 wants 1 acres 1 economy 1 covers 1 unpacked 1 mike 1 cosmic 1 loincloths 1 redecorated 1 sucker 1 slashing 1 beasts 1 washington 1 sluices 1 rubbing 1 haha 1 biologists 1 lone 1 wildly 1 sparse 1 mad 1 packaged 1 rattlesnake 1 grains 1 leopold 1 encased 1 acutely 1 choice 1 feverish 1 pools 1 laid 1 shipped 1 holes 1 dreams 1 she 's 1 has n't 1 warmth 1 repeatedly 1 office 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 dialing 1 innocently 1 stony 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 o ' 1 potential 1 concentrated 1 pale 1 native 1 grandkids 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 bolt 1 row 1 headquarters 1 spoor 1 sharp 1 statue 1 diapers 1 insensate 1 antivenin 1 functioned 1 caress 1 fleeing 1 level 1 bored 1 carved 1 vehicle 1 foreground 1 sweeps 1 photo - graphs 1 tarpaper 1 querulous 1 says 1 peed 1 kit - ten 1 bull 1 enormity 1 linked 1 inconceivable 1 stranded 1 knees 1 beam 1 dragging 1 perspiration 1 celt 1 mall 1 terrors 1 stench 1 grab - ass 1 frequency 1 spring 1 struggle 1 zoology 1 locking 1 humped 1 hearsay 1 forefinger 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 coverts 1 garbled 1 unwelcome 1 cocktail 1 streaming 1 emergency 1 four - wheeler 1 straight 1 oils 1 rough - housing 1 equal 1 cluster 1 glancing 1 road 1 whimper 1 niche 1 rough 1 gnawing 1 jogged 1 sixteen 1 respectable 1 survival 1 plague 1 prick 1 attracts 1 military 1 grandfather 1 chateau 1 bite 1 glossed 1 whites 1 limp 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 scary - looking 1 unpleasant 1 seed 1 constructed 1 lain 1 stakes 1 dahmer 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 while - the 1 flicks 1 touches 1 tarps 1 worm 1 tracked 1 thrills 1 ryoko 1 overwhelming 1 coast 1 argue 1 sneaking 1 dismissed 1 crow 's 1 flu 1 malice 1 genteel 1 friendship 1 hid 1 may 1 leads 1 lamps 1 enforcement 1 burrow 1 diamond 1 emergence 1 depression 1 otherwise 1 gravel 1 installed 1 entrapped 1 hers 1 should ' ve 1 wrists 1 glances 1 optic 1 forearm 1 accept 1 880s 1 asshole - ishness 1 runaways 1 moonlight 1 quivered 1 gloom 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 exchanging 1 creep 1 solid 1 daylight 1 beware 1 veins 1 further 1 pouch 1 sign 1 impulse 1 puzzling 1 battle 1 knock 1 casualness 1 roosts 1 fetish 1 newspaper 1 rocked 1 flickering 1 crisp 1 surveyed 1 realize 1 psychobabble 1 inert 1 leaking 1 floating 1 initially 1 summoned 1 peyote 1 sold 1 resolve 1 exploded 1 wrecked 1 step 1 meh 1 miserably 1 winded 1 haunches 1 column 1 stress 1 hindenburg 1 proved 1 brushed 1 charged 1 crudely 1 heels 1 having 1 half - straddled 1 tremor 1 tradition 1 suppurating 1 slowly 1 promising 1 contemplated 1 antipathy 1 familiar 1 manipulating 1 humidity 1 fsb 1 gobbledygook 1 adjusted 1 radius 1 shave 1 rot 1 cried 1 question 1 point 1 dredge 1 retreated 1 uncomfortable 1 stymied 1 gazing 1 loop 1 winds 1 makes 1 does n't 1 egg 1 wired 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 horrified 1 lied 1 ooo - weee - ooo 1 scrape 1 roosted 1 cancer 1 plodded 1 sinister 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 hurled 1 visible 1 bubbled 1 anger 1 watered 1 fidget 1 documented 1 crashed 1 some- 1 should n't 1 reading 1 stinging 1 stellar 1 handbags 1 assume 1 lumps 1 strung 1 awaken 1 kilos 1 former 1 tents 1 collect 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 siberian 1 shackled 1 ask 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 lowlands 1 pup 1 c 1 slammed 1 shelf 1 insubstantial 1 sadist 1 dozen 1 throbbed 1 blade 1 exhaustion 1 sun - bleached 1 pink 1 especially 1 baseball 1 unlikely 1 shanties 1 furious 1 standing 1 stoic 1 devilry 1 pure 1 dozed 1 fifty 1 clasped 1 cougar 1 sensational 1 sidney 1 advancing 1 sub - conscious 1 stumble 1 torn 1 rigs 1 hangover 1 72 1 bother 1 tapping 1 shipping 1 ivory 1 inclination 1 siesta 1 steamy 1 mountain- 1 chrissake 1 felled 1 skulls 1 dial 1 barron 1 authentic 1 claimed 1 centimeters 1 french 1 gentle 1 excavation 1 rural 1 likes 1 desertion 1 holyfield 1 complications 1 discovers 1 nut 1 required - the 1 struts 1 blending 1 wiry 1 circumstances 1 piled 1 vain 1 camouflaged 1 sleeves 1 pockets 1 read 1 envisioned 1 yummy 1 killed 1 ascending 1 anonymous 1 reeds 1 socket 1 paint 1 hustle 1 despise 1 pines 1 almonds 1 window 1 played 1 purpose 1 compulsion 1 adrenaline 1 lamented 1 pall 1 current 1 uncapped 1 lingering 1 scurried 1 breakdown 1 script 1 heat - i 'd 1 l 1 1965 1 scent 1 exception 1 outgrew 1 catch 1 grain 1 sunburn 1 honey - pie 1 headed 1 north 1 decaying 1 chick - ens 1 peace 1 what - the - hell - ever 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 chamber 1 relaxed 1 waves 1 bathed 1 unspoken 1 hatred 1 rotate 1 serpentine 1 creases 1 great - great - great 1 patch 1 tepees 1 amid 1 ate 1 coagulated 1 gacy 1 round 1 dubious 1 weather 1 remarried 1 catbirds 1 passwords 1 swapped 1 intrusive 1 common 1 designated 1 instantly 1 zigzagged 1 retrieve 1 wept 1 vulpine 1 gobbled 1 throughout 1 nocturnal 1 discarded 1 snowy 1 candescent 1 camcorder 1 compass 1 tried 1 1970 1 cracking 1 participate 1 jewelry 1 locate 1 correct 1 alas 1 owl 1 gradually 1 awhile 1 bro 1 lotus 1 sanity 1 accustomed 1 skies 1 flies 1 angry 1 coiled 1 lovely 1 nine 1 temples 1 quiet 1 flexible 1 utter 1 task 1 filled 1 o 1 largest 1 sickness 1 fooled 1 has 1 housing 1 club 1 proliferation 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 list 1 ravening 1 happier 1 accident 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 dozens 1 unclenched 1 recordings 1 seem 1 glance 1 apprised 1 suddenly 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 simplest 1 supper 1 section 1 edged 1 bunting 1 desk 1 nobody 's 1 lightning 1 complain 1 orgy 1 math 1 boiled 1 spending 1 hotel 1 cuddle 1 tendons 1 ex - girlfriend 1 scripting 1 fired 1 peeking 1 two - star 1 ax 1 sneaked 1 shirt 1 timer 1 keeps 1 saliva 1 alter 1 silt 1 quadrant - a 1 expense 1 muffled 1 stifling 1 throbbing 1 raise 1 rid 1 desperate 1 boxes 1 muriatic 1 affair 1 gotten 1 shovel 1 honestly 1 coarse 1 squeak 1 buster 1 concerts 1 shooting 1 electrical 1 homes 1 lines 1 words 1 translucent 1 pacify 1 tidal 1 pinched 1 apple 1 primates 1 shallow 1 chance 1 switched 1 nameless 1 greener 1 collarbone 1 obscenities 1 curtain 1 instant 1 dinners 1 millions 1 lamp 1 seats 1 unloaded 1 temperature 1 scout 1 instance 1 motherfucker 1 corpse 1 tube 1 den - the 1 panels 1 box 1 nursing 1 shiny 1 ugh 1 circuitry 1 alien 1 edgewise 1 conference 1 travois 1 mentioned 1 lolled 1 conjunction 1 humans 1 camped 1 michael 1 skip 1 manifest 1 oozed 1 rusty 1 protocol 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 dispatched 1 thrust 1 switches 1 visitors 1 superheated 1 tumbler 1 typical 1 loosen 1 spots 1 safe 1 star 1 frenzy 1 christmas 1 sin 1 drowsed 1 stump 1 personnel 1 feral 1 ice 1 pointed 1 mosey 1 clacking 1 huh 1 works 1 noted 1 stomach 1 fool 1 consuming 1 texas 1 searing 1 chin 1 crossed 1 functionary 1 fireball 1 overlooking 1 valor 1 long - gone 1 syrup 1 sadly 1 chops 1 sunlight 1 spared 1 exhibits 1 can not 1 idiot 1 scuffle 1 ancients 1 mark 1 distrust 1 listen 1 hoarse 1 dashed 1 bought 1 hopped 1 flirted 1 sunny 1 perform 1 abominable 1 pebbly 1 nodded 1 rail 1 gift 1 quits 1 dresses 1 partying 1 remain 1 shake 1 taste 1 uncles 1 ivy 1 football 1 rift 1 lap 1 root 1 openings 1 silvery 1 plotting 1 reduced 1 stay 1 preached 1 live 1 scientists 1 safaris 1 sudden 1 past- 1 apartment 1 ranchers ' 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 self - sufficient 1 afterbirth 1 pupils 1 gain 1 checked 1 dummies 1 major 1 nuzzled 1 kindling 1 noises 1 decay 1 covert 1 appearance 1 expedition 1 skittered 1 keyhole 1 bastard 1 cockpit 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 fearful 1 corporations 1 analyze 1 belongs 1 bothered 1 totally 1 psst 914 .
catch hell - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 catch hell 704 the 404 and 391 a 335 of 228 to 223 her 204 in 165 she 154 his 138 he 110 was 94 it 84 said 80 mr 76 on 75 that 72 you 72 with 72 sonny 68 from 61 as 59 for 58 i 57 at 51 an 51 katherine 49 had 46 him 46 one 43 into 42 their 41 what 41 they 41 were 38 this 35 by 34 or 31 be 31 them 30 so 28 all 28 she 'd 27 over 27 not 25 no 25 when 25 but 25 like 24 its 23 prettyman 23 lang 21 there 20 he 'd 19 old 19 who 19 face 19 then 19 is 18 some 18 hand 17 are 17 after 17 if 17 through 16 me 16 could 16 would 16 ting 16 bed 16 cockrum 16 man 16 been 16 room 15 about 15 away 14 eyes 14 your 14 while 14 made 13 i ' m 13 black 13 right 13 dark 13 my 13 several 13 here 13 until 13 around 12 oh 12 they 'd 12 it 's 12 where 12 left 12 against 12 other 12 do 12 yes 12 up 12 such 12 out 11 off 11 that 's 11 way 11 long 11 just 11 you 're 11 did 11 more 11 much 11 upon 11 another 11 did n't 11 stood 11 across 10 get 10 during 10 have 10 down 10 was n't 10 we 10 hands 10 came 10 do n't 10 baby 10 goat 10 these 10 before 9 darkness 9 say 9 own 9 gave 9 than 9 back 9 olde 9 herself 9 most 9 guests 9 why 9 seemed 9 lodge 9 lay 8 bit 8 knew 8 few 8 think 8 something 8 husband 8 hair 8 near 8 morning 8 he 's 8 mouth 8 those 8 dead 8 smile 8 find 8 trees 8 i 'll 8 only 8 very 8 almost 8 glass 8 thought 8 watched 8 woodruff 8 well 8 called 8 now 8 how 8 which 8 far 8 see 8 head 8 years 7 men 7 expression 7 reynolds 7 want 7 fire 7 fabini 7 many 7 arm 7 family 7 later 7 end 7 envelope 7 might 7 sure 7 went 7 voice 7 towne 7 light 7 still 7 probably 7 blood 7 sonny 's 7 empty 7 shook 7 laughed 7 small 7 take 7 field 7 once 7 lang 's 6 really 6 things 6 even 6 should 6 stone 6 grounds 6 yellow 6 set 6 real 6 white 6 everything 6 red 6 behind 6 open 6 never 6 kept 6 had n't 6 without 6 smiled 6 two 6 ram 6 sweet 6 let 6 will 6 became 6 good 6 stopped 6 toward 6 yet 6 put 6 i ' ve 6 mind 6 know 6 course 6 stag 6 view 6 ms 6 painting 6 yeah 6 is n't 6 ah 6 nurse 6 too 6 got 6 night 6 time 6 tried 6 walked 6 turned 6 tell 6 days 6 door 6 anything 6 began 6 first 5 wild 5 matter 5 told 5 hell 5 call 5 drive 5 moment 5 little 5 we 're 5 maybe 5 stared 5 our 5 home 5 couple 5 took 5 chair 5 started 5 shadows 5 kind 5 father 5 pieces 5 half 5 however 5 there 's 5 moon 5 tight 5 sat 5 felt 5 else 5 woods 5 wanted 5 soft 5 asked 5 done 5 give 5 being 5 possessed 5 looks 5 ask 5 dozen 5 papers 5 fell 5 read 5 window 5 ancient 5 hotel 5 town 5 enough 5 us 5 shop 5 stay 5 place 5 obscured 4 fuck 4 going 4 lights 4 flesh 4 check 4 wo n't 4 people 4 directly 4 ear 4 famous 4 nothing 4 green 4 line 4 slipped 4 wood 4 rather 4 late 4 foot 4 who 'd 4 hope 4 rolled 4 entire 4 caught 4 grass 4 feet 4 main 4 god 4 every 4 beyond 4 cold 4 pit 4 months 4 happened 4 group 4 neck 4 laughter 4 hunt 4 become 4 living 4 leaves 4 welloc 4 three 4 any 4 among 4 look 4 thousand 4 again 4 nice 4 sometimes 4 less 4 notes 4 next 4 kat 4 big 4 hour 4 others 4 sent 4 leaving 4 property 4 den 4 clothes 4 between 4 dinner 4 though 4 settled 4 television 4 what 's 4 wooden 4 himself 4 always 4 forest 4 within 4 sex 4 because 4 followed 4 corner 4 road 4 pentagram 4 various 4 beneath 4 could n't 4 best 4 game 4 shot 4 suite 4 books 4 finally 4 mrs 4 would n't 4 teeth 4 glance 4 desk 4 street 4 name 4 bill 4 you 'd 4 along 4 party 4 remained 4 pair 4 high 3 taken 3 land 3 type 3 eye 3 gone 3 rendezvous 3 front 3 local 3 disquieting 3 mace 3 hear 3 occasionally 3 wheel 3 breath 3 immediately 3 drunk 3 mention 3 rose 3 already 3 arms 3 word 3 building 3 table 3 horns 3 house 3 country 3 need 3 wonder 3 research 3 young 3 arrived 3 mom 3 tears 3 wondered 3 indian 3 valley 3 car 3 candles 3 boy 3 fingers 3 muscular 3 dr 3 hot 3 stirred 3 pressed 3 post 3 brochure 3 region 3 wine 3 nanny 3 staff 3 hill 3 chalk 3 blue 3 bare 3 lord 3 lips 3 nowhere 3 watching 3 oak 3 spoke 3 heat 3 map 3 case 3 series 3 bitch 3 ago 3 alone 3 bungalow 3 altar 3 together 3 battered 3 brick 3 art 3 grin 3 past 3 iron 3 thick 3 farm 3 opened 3 dwelt 3 decrepit 3 grand 3 pictures 3 snapped 3 burned 3 history 3 fit 3 woman 3 curator 3 image 3 following 3 legs 3 america 3 terror 3 child 3 onto 3 latin 3 screamed 3 wish 3 trembled 3 bungalows 3 money 3 recognized 3 acquired 3 shadow 3 roof 3 mountains 3 witch 3 neither 3 seen 3 quite 3 nonetheless 3 folklore 3 museum 3 dabbled 3 heard 3 decided 3 tall 3 vision 3 devil 3 circle 3 asleep 3 make 3 leather 3 themselves 3 worry 3 shoulders 3 loose 3 middle 3 you ' ve 3 shade 3 certainly 3 carefully 3 flickered 3 drinks 3 beer 3 hundred 3 shone 3 oversized 3 must 3 faces 3 glanced 3 path 3 since 3 faded 3 pulled 3 boys 3 except 3 appeared 3 okay 3 ready 3 bedroom 3 pills 3 walking 3 sharply 3 mother 3 form 3 figure 3 steps 3 true 3 nor 3 reached 3 swallowed 3 lamps 3 kent 3 seattle 3 jesus 3 walk 3 grove 3 titles 3 event 3 question 3 animals 3 golden 3 reading 3 staring 3 bears 3 pink 3 nearly 3 bother 3 camera 3 played 3 edge 3 scattered 3 photographs 3 floor 3 negatives 3 shops 3 hills 3 tossed 3 phone 3 has 3 gently 3 accident 3 supper 3 shirt 3 lamp 3 fellow 3 lot 3 noted 3 brought 3 belly 3 spent 3 scars 3 bought 3 returned 3 perhaps 3 live 3 times 3 forget 3 saw 3 above 3 jennifer 2 cock 2 elevator 2 custom 2 studied 2 can 2 fair 2 interesting 2 cool 2 signaled 2 sheets 2 demeanor 2 sheriff 2 tables 2 western 2 coals 2 invited 2 curl 2 trouble 2 afternoon 2 flanked 2 dagger 2 doubtless 2 environs 2 squatted 2 police 2 whom 2 attendant 2 serious 2 minister 2 keep 2 heads 2 frequently 2 poor 2 waiting 2 watch 2 thighs 2 knowledge 2 heavily 2 thigh 2 pile 2 evening 2 canasta 2 atop 2 shadowed 2 city 2 allegedly 2 happy 2 hated 2 slide 2 kissed 2 curled 2 rage 2 whenever 2 rituals 2 stunned 2 pulse 2 luggage 2 obvious 2 houses 2 earth 2 satyr 2 narrowed 2 chimney 2 bring 2 crib 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 both 2 power 2 although 2 period 2 shut 2 male 2 motes 2 bore 2 traditions 2 arrowheads 2 bizarre 2 sobbing 2 nasty 2 wet 2 european 2 might ' ve 2 countryside 2 wrapped 2 forgive 2 doing 2 tourists 2 go 2 third 2 flowers 2 estate 2 volunteer 2 anyway 2 bad 2 ashes 2 hedges 2 deeper 2 beams 2 speak 2 drink 2 stuff 2 whispered 2 comment 2 suits 2 packet 2 usual 2 area 2 mask 2 shoved 2 doorway 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 comes 2 ears 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 whatever 2 purchased 2 pity 2 reared 2 melted 2 carrying 2 sharing 2 smoking 2 temple 2 cards 2 concerned 2 marble 2 life 2 talking 2 subject 2 orange 2 wit 2 surprised 2 celtic 2 mirror 2 throw 2 college 2 cheek 2 copse 2 lifted 2 withered 2 blackberry 2 care 2 imported 2 sky 2 quick 2 fast 2 billy 2 ram 's 2 inner 2 study 2 artifacts 2 places 2 running 2 sites 2 swept 2 refused 2 begun 2 photo 2 destroyed 2 handful 2 katherine 's 2 acne 2 games 2 crawled 2 station 2 licked 2 truly 2 poured 2 understand 2 seat 2 passed 2 snoring 2 evident 2 engaged 2 shit 2 run 2 mexico 2 conversation 2 features 2 under 2 getting 2 please 2 distance 2 deck 2 magnolias 2 earlier 2 enormous 2 signs 2 added 2 personally 2 buildings 2 sparks 2 radio 2 large 2 japanese 2 removed 2 attempt 2 soon 2 pagan 2 gathered 2 dusting 2 great 2 discern 2 breeze 2 pregnancy 2 proprietor 2 seems 2 awake 2 continued 2 piece 2 pleased 2 feel 2 derek 2 prettyman 's 2 fan 2 thinking 2 gleamed 2 romantic 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 growing 2 slumped 2 second 2 bound 2 esteemed 2 love 2 thrashed 2 someone 2 amateur 2 bric - a - brac 2 work 2 grown 2 kristoff 2 entirely 2 phones 2 emerged 2 hearing 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 each 2 lying 2 bone 2 rubbed 2 unfortunate 2 structures 2 weight 2 s 2 crept 2 finished 2 antique 2 doubt 2 drawn 2 block 2 darker 2 floors 2 hiker 2 bird 2 one 's 2 needy 2 swirled 2 ten 2 insides 2 allowed 2 year 2 regarding 2 submerged 2 slaughtered 2 stop 2 waist 2 fireplace 2 hello 2 quietly 2 wall 2 wind 2 skin 2 explained 2 plates 2 stayed 2 problem 2 storms 2 were n't 2 shrine 2 locals 2 i 'd 2 ruins 2 treatises 2 stars 2 groaned 2 frankly 2 fruitless 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 humor 2 indeed 2 blanket 2 cleared 2 roll 2 state 2 suit 2 weeks 2 fly 2 vodka 2 deep 2 due 2 horizon 2 collapsed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 last 2 wales 2 daily 2 satan 2 summer 2 hold 2 died 2 welloc - devlin 2 bus 2 same 2 named 2 everywhere 2 bags 2 scary 2 hanging 2 dim 2 grew 2 occupied 2 legends 2 born 2 impression 2 raised 2 ones 2 friends 2 squeezed 2 cultural 2 arched 2 shower 2 towne 's 2 admittedly 2 likely 2 wrought 2 struck 2 expert 2 incident 2 garage 2 gesture 2 distillery 2 sketches 2 secret 2 urge 2 visited 2 disappeared 2 women 2 looked 2 am 2 children 2 sunglasses 2 day 2 body 2 lit 2 drew 2 pocket 2 digging 2 shoes 2 ever 2 surroundings 2 university 2 upper 2 lost 2 written 2 tomes 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 loved 2 tongue 2 write 2 apparently 2 stream 2 smug 2 crazy 2 dreams 2 office 2 possibilities 2 pale 2 sharp 2 legal 2 statue 2 tour 2 says 2 fascination 2 goat 's 2 divided 2 got ta 2 leaned 2 management 2 complicated 2 early 2 slightly 2 cluster 2 dust 2 muddy 2 used 2 nightmare 2 lie 2 windows 2 decorated 2 hall 2 believe 2 burrow 2 otherwise 2 installed 2 desire 2 host 2 gloom 2 crying 2 shall 2 hesitated 2 casual 2 chef 2 hard 2 fetish 2 surveyed 2 hobby 2 managed 2 mastiffs 2 population 2 waited 2 rubbish 2 looming 2 hushed 2 girlfriend 2 slowly 2 objects 2 ruin 2 included 2 humidity 2 exhaled 2 does n't 2 also 2 wagon 2 fences 2 briefly 2 locked 2 bubbled 2 crashed 2 pasadena 2 crowned 2 drank 2 pay 2 historical 2 damp 2 sunk 2 exhaustion 2 pictured 2 sloughed 2 low 2 pure 2 rush 2 realized 2 europe 2 rustic 2 caused 2 statue 's 2 developed 2 cigarette 2 husband 's 2 claimed 2 school 2 slacks 2 wore 2 chuckled 2 purpose 2 owners 2 prospect 2 flipped 2 preserve 2 isolation 2 shrieked 2 instantly 2 enjoy 2 ca n't 2 lovely 2 selfish 2 closed 2 list 2 olive 2 leave 2 massive 2 bottle 2 clung 2 stretched 2 corners 2 cloud 2 blank 2 raise 2 gotten 2 throat 2 clarity 2 modern 2 words 2 week 2 instant 2 curtain 2 pine 2 mentioned 2 glasses 2 grabbed 2 foliage 2 burn 2 calves 2 mean 2 thing 2 whisper 2 darkest 2 brain 2 foundation 2 nodded 2 flush 2 softly 2 hips 2 jacket 2 football 2 services 2 bushes 2 search 2 soul 2 help 1 half - star 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 humanoid 1 descended 1 coaxed 1 learned 1 mortal 1 assistants 1 dropped 1 modest 1 segmented 1 dwelling 1 awakened 1 coal 1 loons 1 cinema 1 farms 1 married 1 rigid 1 venice 1 lounging 1 counted 1 materials 1 gray 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 twenty 1 tied 1 matters 1 trust 1 numb 1 slack 1 trendy 1 briar 1 compulsive 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 shrugged 1 imagine 1 access 1 super 1 ol ' 1 smuggle 1 moans 1 cracked 1 totems 1 choked 1 well - oiled 1 breast 1 curses 1 guts 1 oozing 1 screws 1 pastime 1 satisfying 1 shapeless 1 masonry 1 presence 1 urban 1 lord 's 1 virgin 1 white - gloved 1 mild 1 alchemical 1 thank 1 girth 1 sulfurous 1 parchment 1 depression - era 1 crass 1 fiercely 1 worked 1 ended 1 share 1 cow 1 swarm 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 farther 1 bitches 1 naked 1 booth 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 8 1 bellowed 1 undressed 1 keeping 1 regardless 1 explored 1 everyone 1 jungle 1 stretch 1 peaked 1 semicircle 1 resembled 1 clothbound 1 polo 1 vomit 1 wobbled 1 steering 1 ebon 1 partially 1 eminently 1 abundance 1 dip - ping 1 intrepid 1 guest 1 beard 1 acquisition 1 ubiquitous 1 eurasian 1 obliterated 1 depths 1 certain 1 merciless 1 meeting 1 12 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 comfortably 1 marked 1 knots 1 tribe 's 1 1 1 tattoo 1 slaughtering 1 nests 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 assistant 1 blessingham 1 price 1 concierge 1 clipped 1 antiquities 1 resembles- 1 peeped 1 gary 1 collapse 1 cooked 1 dutch 1 promised 1 mundane 1 jailed 1 fanu 1 yourselves 1 choreographed 1 resided 1 ance 1 return 1 dj 1 intervals 1 juncture 1 legality 1 cement 1 bar 1 fine 1 better 1 agrippa 1 kat 's 1 archeology 1 coffees 1 prohibition 1 archaic 1 thorn 1 embossed 1 thug 1 taught 1 boot 1 hide 1 waking 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 lodge 's 1 anymore 1 dumbfounded 1 foster 1 artifact 1 700 1 surprise 1 spend 1 utterly 1 insular 1 excess 1 photographer 1 doors 1 hap - less 1 lucky 1 screened 1 ghost 1 spittle 1 saying 1 sliced 1 aisle 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 cares 1 hijinks 1 exchange 1 yourself 1 veteran 1 um 1 triumph 1 appetites 1 latter 1 flash 1 era 1 fold 1 lusty 1 gloomy 1 accompaniment 1 stroked 1 mug 1 town 's 1 stare 1 position 1 twinkled 1 hunts 1 hissed 1 deal 1 person 1 maintenance 1 ordinary - the 1 disaffected 1 regrettable 1 reporting 1 absently 1 organize 1 sedan - a 1 smudge 1 gangster 1 soda 1 waitress 1 banker 1 positively 1 janie 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 truthfully 1 crooked 1 slug 1 sweaty 1 slum 1 knee 1 snohomish 1 dollar 1 grief 1 antiquity 1 furnace 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 ochre 1 sidled 1 massachusetts 1 trading 1 lapse 1 sonofabitch 1 vast 1 result 1 understandably 1 itemized 1 impressed 1 ceremonial 1 reflection 1 solution 1 eagerness 1 burden 1 quarters 1 alpha 1 dissolved 1 berated 1 radiated 1 sports 1 frighteningly 1 burger 1 wire 1 tapestry 1 job 1 detail 1 boar 1 burly 1 wireless 1 smacked 1 steward 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 skirted 1 flared 1 blocky 1 outline 1 couples ' 1 sill 1 tooth 1 swear 1 does 1 thankfully 1 fire - house 1 ting 's 1 reaping - time 1 per 1 outside 1 process 1 fewer 1 tributaries 1 belson 1 lineage 1 westerly 1 referred 1 passive 1 rummaged 1 doorstep 1 dared 1 hallowed 1 abridged 1 age - blackened 1 center 1 witchcraft 1 geophysical 1 survey 1 laugh 1 parties 1 religion 1 trunk 1 brisk 1 puhleeze 1 peeler 1 knowing 1 perfect 1 countless 1 driven 1 sadistic 1 birth 1 midsummer 1 dwell 1 halloween 1 illusion 1 threw 1 flew 1 dug 1 blocked 1 business 1 panicked 1 lighted 1 teenagers 1 imperceptibly 1 locations 1 divulge 1 sneered 1 substance 1 nightstand 1 important 1 spied 1 prior 1 slinging 1 alcove 1 indefinable 1 c - note 1 bordered 1 girl 1 mainly 1 skittering 1 ecclesiastical 1 stroking 1 shelves 1 located 1 abruptly 1 thrived 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 peak 1 squinted 1 gothic 1 gregorian 1 habits 1 rams 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 peasants 1 slunk 1 carpenters 1 persisted 1 practically 1 hutch 1 nimbus 1 infrequent 1 gilt 1 seethed 1 grip 1 creeps 1 superstition 1 mine 1 condescension 1 eyebrow 1 toed 1 add 1 offstage 1 fissures 1 carpets 1 slavic 1 tv 1 control 1 including 1 figurine 1 clotted 1 spurts 1 5 1 complete 1 portion 1 itself 1 tree 1 mortified 1 steadfast 1 monday 1 profound 1 canted 1 pants 1 summoning 1 pussy 1 mattress 1 hours 1 designer 1 security - he 1 barber 1 negative 1 stole 1 thunder 1 historic 1 fee 1 hate 1 shock 1 1900s 1 chameleon 1 ebbed 1 gulp 1 colorful 1 him- 1 goddamn 1 crassness 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 whoever 1 below 1 streets 1 woman ' 1 edges 1 academic 1 tightening 1 mortar 1 multiple 1 approach 1 pocketing 1 efficacy 1 adventure 1 normalcy 1 honeymoon 1 elsewhere 1 chosen 1 scotch 1 cultist 1 inhaled 1 belong 1 professed 1 recently 1 weathervanes 1 bills 1 miscarried 1 lover 1 cute 1 pastoral 1 mock 1 hawthorn 1 writing 1 faint 1 bleeding 1 wright 1 expanded 1 classes 1 texts 1 luncheon 1 cows 1 nailed 1 traipsing 1 inn 1 hug 1 rising 1 filed 1 humble 1 jar 1 mental 1 recesses 1 landscape 1 items 1 waters 1 bottles 1 steel 1 key 1 we 'll 1 entities 1 printed 1 it 'd 1 stored 1 magnified 1 self - styled 1 likelihood 1 property - tomorrow 1 screens 1 gasping 1 shudder 1 tad 1 details 1 valise 1 replaced 1 significant 1 magnitude 1 dreamily 1 gas 1 jeopardy 1 croatia 1 forms 1 sprained 1 knife 1 lodges 1 dairies 1 childhood 1 contained 1 jell - o 1 replica 1 distasteful 1 blinked 1 yanking 1 height 1 forty 1 gets 1 criminal 1 hmm 1 whatnot 1 sport 1 howled 1 salmon 1 designed 1 bundle 1 overstuffed 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 tile 1 2 1 shared 1 handled 1 subtle 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 marriage 1 overpass 1 fix 1 tenanted 1 induced 1 bond 1 card 1 opposite 1 sick 1 four 1 moss 1 lounged 1 manhattan 1 boiler 1 espresso 1 cruelty 1 listening 1 tapes 1 protracted 1 introduce 1 adopt 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 upkeep 1 journals 1 contempt 1 day - glo 1 stray 1 fairly 1 incubi 1 hermetic 1 whitewash 1 whispering 1 kaleidoscope 1 barred 1 lip 1 graceful 1 usurper 1 rational 1 breathed 1 experience 1 inquired 1 tract 1 individual 1 horses 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 coldly 1 smugly 1 apology 1 beast 1 lane 1 according 1 experiencing 1 blast 1 previously 1 annotations 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 simple 1 rockets 1 perched 1 frequented 1 options 1 furniture 1 woken 1 hatefully 1 erased 1 repository 1 hapless 1 overmuch 1 bag 1 graduate 1 routine 1 colonial 1 panting 1 aura 1 worn 1 tribes 1 icebox 1 phobia 1 dream 1 assured 1 clutch 1 bare - breasted 1 armoire 1 pitted 1 matched 1 scythe 1 frantically 1 expected 1 succubae 1 husk 1 leading 1 shoot 1 upward 1 indication 1 cockrum 's 1 yesterday 1 ambience 1 fizzed 1 womenfolk- 1 rape 1 regrets 1 headstones 1 shading 1 defiant 1 interior 1 sorbet 1 13 1 silent 1 cliff 1 harsh 1 smattering 1 sorrow 1 roots 1 porters 1 action 1 tangled 1 somewhere 1 corruption 1 shine 1 loath 1 arch 1 woke 1 well - beaten 1 brightly 1 fat 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 dresser 1 exultant 1 tested 1 revived 1 basin 1 murmured 1 leaded 1 basement 1 marketing 1 wanting 1 curdled 1 lady 's 1 sunshine 1 theft 1 gravity 1 shades 1 church 1 babies ' 1 closing 1 act 1 loomed 1 planned 1 stolen 1 strands 1 silhouette 1 15 1 enrolled 1 dale 1 supreme 1 self - loathing 1 nip 1 hoodoo 1 tainted 1 appears 1 gasps 1 taller 1 aversion 1 wrong 1 tightened 1 terrible 1 pulsed 1 stand 1 stack 1 pushed 1 spotted 1 addition 1 sisters 1 mutter 1 fist 1 legion 1 laborers 1 misdeeds 1 addressed 1 accommodate 1 kabala 1 bookending 1 eroticism 1 clutched 1 sperm 1 german 1 seized 1 beginning 1 gardeners 1 1940s 1 investment 1 saw - the 1 sightsee 1 rank 1 highly 1 unvarnished 1 instinct 1 dare 1 yawning 1 gate 1 seeded 1 ripped 1 shuttered 1 doozies 1 genial 1 ropes 1 beside 1 thorns 1 cigarettes 1 match 1 faintly 1 twilight 1 injury 1 proposition 1 damned 1 southern 1 purse 1 buzzed 1 arrogance 1 wow 1 california 1 undid 1 callous 1 riding 1 genitals 1 rabbits 1 ages 1 bloody 1 warmed 1 squalling 1 proper 1 obscenity 1 sends 1 perfunctory 1 variety 1 wedding 1 yearly 1 blunders 1 fires 1 mistake 1 man 's 1 surface 1 pamphlet 1 lean 1 blow 1 faster 1 penguin 1 brutishly 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 models 1 gulf 1 articles 1 gore 1 1860s 1 overdeveloped 1 turtleneck 1 obsessive 1 regimen 1 threaten 1 archeologist 1 cart 1 brandished 1 seldom 1 towering 1 scatter 1 endeavored 1 ridiculous 1 picked 1 daylong 1 anthropology 1 bob 1 animal 1 formed 1 normal 1 dirty 1 circles 1 trace 1 frail 1 wise 1 suggested 1 extra 1 touched 1 associates 1 chill 1 meow 1 rattle 1 writhing 1 deco 1 venerable 1 maids 1 east 1 alcohol 1 styled 1 paper - thin 1 yards 1 wandered 1 contemptible 1 roar 1 shaken 1 expansive 1 wisconsin 1 barn 1 monetary 1 spooky 1 dear 1 rotting 1 trespasser 1 wound 1 placation 1 horrific 1 fairy 1 proud 1 members 1 sensation 1 qualifies 1 transcended 1 law 1 containing 1 lived 1 karate 1 protective 1 songbird 1 turn 1 fetch 1 agony 1 split 1 perish 1 chicken 1 canopy 1 pell - mell 1 backside 1 seducer 1 introduced 1 brat 1 buddhism 1 framed 1 lutheran 1 kerosene 1 feasted 1 boredom 1 dampened 1 shame 1 nail 1 thoughts 1 examine 1 remnants 1 resentment 1 periodically 1 severity 1 transcendentalist 1 mugged 1 liturgy 1 answer 1 contrast 1 contrived 1 oil 1 washcloth 1 everybody 1 withdrawn 1 bolster 1 under - standing 1 inches 1 onyx 1 contents 1 facto 1 taffeta 1 fucking 1 dusty 1 blurted 1 vine 1 deepened 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 determined 1 bartender 1 surge 1 candies 1 dreck 1 moments 1 caged 1 conceived 1 union 1 lattes 1 aside 1 goes 1 collection 1 conspirators 1 yep 1 decent 1 tales 1 hotels 1 ease 1 bling 1 rained 1 confines 1 wickedness 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 sense 1 forgotten 1 softness 1 gazed 1 rescuing 1 physically 1 dropping 1 manners 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 predominately 1 magnolia 1 bulk 1 reverend 1 torsos 1 plebeians 1 slurring 1 respective 1 pride 1 manse 1 unnerving 1 fits 1 hopping 1 types 1 falwell 1 bones 1 abroad 1 rested 1 woodruff 's 1 scarcely 1 parlors 1 independence 1 deserving 1 appealed 1 freighted 1 9 1 specialists 1 lunacy 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 walled 1 publishers 1 measure 1 chestnut 1 botched 1 manuscripts 1 expect 1 brightened 1 central 1 wracked 1 symbol 1 squirrel 1 picturesque 1 anointed 1 traditional 1 careful 1 follow 1 morbidly 1 sooty 1 11 1 reads 1 rest 1 cherry 1 strength 1 spears - this 1 suspected 1 generations 1 sticky 1 impress 1 streamed 1 cannibalism - all 1 tracing 1 indulge 1 crunched 1 tense 1 shrines 1 pretended 1 aware 1 ha - ha 1 transcends 1 methodology 1 driver 1 sliding 1 wishes 1 bumpy 1 order 1 fertile 1 forbidding 1 sixty 1 founders - a 1 hollow 1 denying 1 they 're 1 ignored 1 poachers 1 rationality 1 hum 1 livestock 1 old - fashioned 1 whose 1 decomposing 1 chuckles 1 sophomoric 1 heart 1 hereditary 1 depicting 1 restaurants 1 water 1 wee 1 mom 's 1 hind 1 permitted 1 india 1 landmarks 1 opportunity 1 struggled 1 roamed 1 offhand 1 overpasses 1 lime 1 eggs 1 benny 1 shiner 1 departure 1 scheme 1 ghastly 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 wave 1 primatologist 1 leg 1 strangest 1 creek 1 plans 1 takes 1 roosters 1 agency 1 spooned 1 lobby 1 woodblock 1 comfort 1 recruited 1 tarot 1 squealed 1 stories 1 kitchen 's 1 naturally 1 unfolded 1 axle 1 shack 1 hooves 1 maid 1 whole 1 trinket 1 places - some 1 new 1 miles 1 abject 1 need n't 1 awe 1 hooks 1 wan na 1 gunning 1 unflappable 1 whether 1 forever 1 states 1 reference 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 hyena 1 skiing 1 6 1 rattled 1 homework 1 undisturbed 1 surmise 1 money - let 's 1 nubile 1 sprang 1 nose 1 inscription 1 dalliances 1 fathers 1 thanks 1 nobles 1 stuttered 1 pillow 1 count 1 finger 1 predated 1 punished 1 dumb 1 flock 1 refreshing 1 promise 1 alarmed 1 flood 1 sacred 1 screw 1 attention 1 daytrips 1 mightily 1 obscure 1 occultists 1 fields 1 preservation 1 jutted 1 dawn - style 1 motives 1 would ' ve 1 notch 1 special 1 packing 1 brambles 1 discover 1 sweated 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 changed 1 wheezing 1 carton 1 bars 1 excited 1 encroaching 1 tom 1 close 1 bucks 1 exceptionally 1 implacable 1 flask 1 but - the 1 boat 1 plaster 1 awful 1 panic 1 acolytes 1 hidden 1 eight 1 accompanied 1 assay 1 why 'd 1 sloping 1 double 1 italy 1 session 1 hoped 1 hedonistic 1 sum 1 taverns 1 soot 1 shots 1 thaumaturgy 1 x 's 1 greek 1 mythology 1 madness 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 minimum 1 relationship 1 brief 1 extensive 1 velvet 1 meets 1 eager 1 nausea 1 pricking 1 estimated 1 kid 1 community - no 1 lamplight 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 antiques 1 seclusion 1 vigils 1 institution 1 island 1 caressed 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 kyoto 1 spokes 1 ceiling 1 haymaker 1 nursery 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 polishing 1 photos 1 weekend 1 kookiness 1 passenger 1 worst 1 twinkling 1 parked 1 hometown 1 panpipes 1 sipping 1 bustled 1 loins 1 imagined 1 3 1 boring 1 venture 1 fierceness 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 abbreviated 1 fetishists 1 groans 1 diminished 1 panes 1 badger 1 accompanies 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 diverged 1 luckily 1 bargain 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 tonight 1 transmitted 1 wheeled 1 huddled 1 vindictive 1 tuffenup 1 dusted 1 hem 1 kicks 1 smoothly 1 cover 1 knocked 1 winter 1 ugly 1 expensively 1 silently 1 platform 1 part 1 laboriously 1 alcoholic 1 doctor 1 renewed 1 clambering 1 rain 1 insane 1 preoccupation 1 wrist 1 fact 1 nick 1 insisted 1 hunters 1 shifted 1 bellicose 1 courthouse 1 deserve 1 foyer 1 cats 1 handlebar 1 fucked 1 14 1 mythos 1 rim 1 fists 1 soggy 1 overripe 1 involuntary 1 hooked 1 sloppy 1 lanterns 1 expertise 1 means 1 genus ' 1 garbage 1 refurbished 1 screaming 1 avoid 1 produced 1 unexpected 1 tampering 1 disheveled 1 signed 1 recall 1 dry 1 fleeting 1 stairs 1 timber 1 confused 1 sweat 1 pee 1 announcing 1 popular 1 tomb 1 exactly 1 warm 1 cinderella 's 1 hey 1 arced 1 park 1 james 1 reasonable 1 monotone 1 fucked - and 1 semi - articulate 1 miniature 1 strong 1 eighty 1 balanced 1 forests 1 equipment 1 eh 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 disquieted 1 bible 1 seven 1 paths 1 pop 's 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 sidewalks 1 fulfilled 1 truffles 1 till 1 figurines 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 hypnotist 1 poring 1 recovered 1 screen 1 retired 1 dominated 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 slick 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 ouija 1 convinced 1 animosity 1 eccentricities 1 virginal 1 impenetrable 1 sand 1 restored 1 registered 1 indifference 1 defense 1 ring 1 freshly 1 bell 1 de 1 thickets 1 squired 1 incarnate 1 shrewd 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 gossamer 1 flat 1 numerous 1 associated 1 plenty 1 pitiless 1 elbow 1 rapped 1 clogged 1 progeria 1 darling 1 sleep - drugged 1 waxed 1 caressing 1 connected 1 companions 1 superstitious 1 farmers 1 pet 1 akin 1 knuckles 1 1800s 1 outbuildings 1 witches 1 pardon 1 come 1 file 1 catholicism 1 backwards 1 sulfur 1 least 1 formula 1 zack 1 argued 1 equalization 1 amusing 1 collected 1 sun 1 bog 1 indigenous 1 toes 1 moistened 1 bough 1 ski 1 six 1 tucked 1 weapons 1 disgusted 1 quality 1 adoption 1 presided 1 splayfoot 1 conclave 1 valium 1 elongated 1 prestigious 1 heartless 1 identity 1 vacation 1 often 1 fascinating 1 fanciful 1 roaring 1 elephant 's 1 hiking 1 sermons 1 occupancy 1 overwrought 1 streetlights 1 thus 1 plum 1 similar 1 lately 1 conjecture 1 cloth 1 bits 1 treading 1 consecutive 1 deserted 1 bright 1 1995 1 nails 1 oral 1 cuffs 1 holdings 1 pentagrams 1 quainter 1 push 1 custodial 1 washed 1 melvin 1 seduced 1 seen - larger 1 frightened 1 whiskey 1 intended 1 handing 1 hit 1 20s 1 revolving 1 populated 1 wackos - usually 1 believed 1 manicured 1 merely 1 company 1 life - aspirations 1 factory 1 jaundiced 1 cheeks 1 coy 1 embryonic 1 license 1 industry 1 scrim 1 requisite 1 hubby 's 1 explanation 1 sorcerer 1 allow 1 passing 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 7 1 odor 1 clattered 1 millstone 1 slept 1 tasteless 1 movies 1 president 1 bureaus 1 tipsy 1 psycho 1 younger 1 shingles 1 doubled 1 summon 1 trespass 1 indulged 1 antlers 1 liked 1 charred 1 robes 1 torrentially 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flowered 1 guilty 1 eaten 1 gon na 1 good - sonny 's 1 fragile 1 spot 1 clutches 1 dreamlike 1 spread 1 ahead 1 financial 1 will- 1 ass 1 blacktop 1 dribbled 1 relegated 1 given 1 regarded 1 smelled 1 blaze 1 ding 1 browsing 1 mistress 1 towered 1 habit 1 broke 1 occupation 1 chain 1 ruddy 1 cancel 1 designating 1 lump 1 precognition 1 cautious 1 lists 1 solve 1 dump 1 wives 1 brush 1 focus 1 snifter 1 witching 1 inside 1 begin 1 ability 1 feed 1 improve 1 lingered 1 space 1 testament 1 to - day 1 strings 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 book 1 parts 1 nap 1 him - his 1 peeping 1 truth 1 judgment 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 devout 1 kafka 1 pun 1 outbursts 1 pore 1 peculiar 1 1950s 1 slid 1 savage 1 undress 1 cryptic 1 positive 1 fake 1 lucifer 's 1 cluttered 1 attendants 1 unholy 1 walks 1 flinched 1 nipped 1 levels 1 embittered 1 career 1 infant 1 intermediaries 1 leng- 1 ordered 1 airport 1 rapidly 1 plausible 1 chestnuts 1 disregard 1 dose 1 ballooning 1 stowed 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 collar 1 lawns 1 hopes 1 burrowed 1 detroit 1 rowboat 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 bronze 1 shift 1 brave 1 buttons 1 hibernate 1 adequate 1 healthy 1 corrupt 1 suitcases 1 pregnant 1 colors 1 fantasized 1 older 1 public 1 mood 1 kidding 1 import 1 tilled 1 eastern 1 brooding 1 death's - head 1 twine 1 essentially 1 asshole 1 taking 1 oddly 1 talks 1 come - hither 1 dessert 1 stroll 1 hay 1 leaky 1 problems 1 minis - ter 1 religiously 1 kidnapping 1 william 1 dating 1 lowered 1 dangling 1 suppose 1 sounded 1 funny 1 apologized 1 specific 1 pursued 1 frothing 1 checking 1 design 1 sections 1 illness 1 internal 1 dreamer 's 1 demons 1 interests 1 morsel 1 worried 1 illustrations 1 single 1 observe 1 billiard 1 maneuver 1 hand - katherine 1 pegged 1 withdrew 1 picket 1 machen 1 darkly 1 off - campus - friends 1 numbly 1 compact 1 paintings 1 shattered 1 kids 1 ranches 1 swung 1 vcr 1 dunno 1 worthy 1 gun 1 dire 1 petals- 1 admitted 1 hurt 1 friendly 1 quit 1 backward 1 creak 1 crackling 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 monument 1 paled 1 reclined 1 gamble 1 eclipsed 1 pretending 1 warehouses 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 deformed 1 lanes 1 vein 1 originated 1 corroded 1 tone 1 bagging 1 mussed 1 county 1 spikes 1 commanded 1 stir 1 founding 1 elicited 1 limited 1 rented 1 rawhide 1 absentminded 1 warn 1 powerful 1 alive 1 hinn 1 hoop 1 detectives 1 roommate 1 gentry 1 cared 1 toe 1 metropolitan 1 led 1 malachite 1 potted 1 jokingly 1 covers 1 oversaw 1 dated 1 tavern 1 depiction 1 curve 1 somewhat 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 bleak 1 muttering 1 starlight 1 inscrutable 1 landlords 1 broken 1 underlining 1 hassles 1 stocked 1 blot 1 quarter - mile 1 ye 1 descent 1 laid 1 store 1 seeping 1 silhouetted 1 weird 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 innocently 1 doctors 1 patina 1 burroughs 1 exchanged 1 so - called 1 clad 1 potential 1 native 1 shaggy 1 dollars 1 travel 1 lattice 1 prefer 1 altogether 1 awnings 1 forested 1 attended 1 bored 1 decade 1 powerless 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 faith 1 solomon 1 shoulder 1 garden 1 smaller 1 pioneer 1 robbed 1 scalp 1 apathy 1 youngest 1 recalled 1 strange 1 repel 1 blew 1 insolent 1 academia 1 borrowed 1 applause 1 aloneness 1 tendon 1 unpleasantly 1 approaching 1 spring 1 struggle 1 intersection 1 veer 1 bluffs 1 wife 1 slits 1 meant 1 squirmed 1 spin 1 oblique 1 cocktail 1 tragedy 1 r 1 moldering 1 world 1 plunged 1 hospital 1 hillsides 1 coarseness 1 moldy 1 thunderous 1 skirt 1 oils 1 coffeehouse 1 murder 1 philco 1 scholarly 1 hearth 1 trade 1 absorbed 1 richly 1 surrogacy 1 guy 1 greetings 1 longer 1 sported 1 traveled 1 wince 1 incredulous 1 wheeze 1 sycamore 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 gaze 1 rifle 1 classics 1 hint 1 gold - black 1 smooth 1 practiced 1 entwined 1 equilibrium 1 baggage 1 scare 1 mated 1 hits 1 woman 's 1 blonde 1 boards - the 1 press 1 priest 1 sacrificial 1 accuse 1 etched 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 chief 1 responsible 1 infer 1 functioning 1 ground 1 mill 1 automatic 1 clammed 1 tracked 1 dismissed 1 remote 1 possibly 1 congregation 1 walls 1 delicately 1 must ' ve 1 billiards 1 flavor 1 close - ups 1 nightcaps 1 may 1 stark 1 50s 1 drying 1 explore 1 enforcement 1 different 1 hags 1 fashion 1 dusters 1 genuflection 1 depression 1 gouts 1 gravel 1 nurses 1 attached 1 trained 1 bridges 1 instinctively 1 pleasure 1 afterward 1 stunt 1 sympathetic 1 clerkish 1 fiendish 1 accept 1 geomancy 1 candle 1 moonlight 1 served 1 roughened 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 is- 1 wryly 1 useless 1 bravery 1 sheesh 1 queasiness 1 lighting 1 curling 1 fattening 1 rearing 1 mounted 1 happily 1 sign 1 base 1 impulse 1 change 1 babe 1 broiled 1 width 1 knock 1 number 1 scribbled 1 pacing 1 goldmine 1 wooden - paneled 1 nonprofit 1 surely 1 cheese 1 rocked 1 nub 1 clandestine 1 flickering 1 thirty 1 realize 1 clicked 1 organization 1 overfull 1 enlarged 1 crimson 1 glowed 1 brandy 1 associate 1 consisted 1 concurrence 1 peyote 1 sold 1 lurked 1 insinuating 1 deepening 1 quentin 1 travels 1 step 1 vault 1 haunches 1 milked 1 caustic 1 lazily 1 brushed 1 charged 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 olden 1 presume 1 wing 1 having 1 tradition 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 king 1 familiar 1 vantage 1 damning 1 roughly 1 discoloration 1 tapestries 1 veritable 1 capacity 1 cried 1 compellingly 1 retreated 1 cribbage 1 limn 1 neglected 1 oversexed 1 pressure 1 forehead 1 researched 1 actresses 1 carried 1 manifold 1 preoccupied 1 booster 1 mccoys 1 pinned 1 discreet 1 flow 1 makes 1 proclaim 1 sound 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 chimes 1 courageous 1 salem 1 shaking 1 pull 1 flatworm 1 stranger 1 folded 1 dread 1 sinister 1 fly - there 1 found 1 johansen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 lungs 1 complimentary 1 watered 1 albeit 1 documented 1 shui 1 chafed 1 vibrated 1 sort 1 grainy 1 florid 1 gears 1 statuary 1 assume 1 lull 1 playboy 1 diagrams 1 belongings 1 former 1 attracting 1 vice 1 receive 1 tension 1 glow 1 behavioral 1 throbbed 1 circus 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 fear 1 palpable 1 black- 1 ha 1 sack 1 lending 1 potboilers 1 cut 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 lent 1 festering 1 broach 1 dozed 1 fronted 1 tarnished 1 clasped 1 easy 1 cougar 1 incomprehensible 1 bleated 1 allergies 1 broom 1 held 1 rise 1 clear 1 projects 1 headlights 1 sacrifice 1 mathers 1 tits 1 foot - the 1 fierce 1 chimneys 1 ruined 1 join 1 hanged 1 trophies 1 dial 1 authentic 1 unspeakable 1 state 's 1 shutting 1 tiers 1 terrain 1 rural 1 rolling 1 collector 1 unnamed 1 coolness 1 contagious 1 try 1 vessel 1 reliever 1 lose 1 circumstances 1 pain 1 royalty 1 weirder 1 cave 1 tombs 1 pause 1 thorny 1 evelyn 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 introducing 1 surrounding 1 patio 1 killed 1 crone 1 cheer 1 shape 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 bracketed 1 seagoing 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 cock - roaches 1 poetry 1 incantation 1 guess 1 script 1 instances 1 snuffing 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 preening 1 atm 1 mutilation 1 present 1 catch 1 dryly 1 guzzler 1 forth 1 fog 1 ape 1 decades 1 apparition 1 heavy 1 glared 1 decaying 1 retrospect 1 16 1 peace 1 randy 1 deer 1 edification 1 knowingness 1 drove 1 joined 1 unspoken 1 mantle 1 dealt 1 ate 1 cupped 1 sketchy 1 round 1 kitchenette 1 programming 1 weather 1 christ 1 illumination 1 jerry 1 swapped 1 exorcism 1 afraid 1 dining 1 either 1 sleepers 1 shortly 1 wept 1 pained 1 throughout 1 hisownself 1 sexy 1 photographed 1 discarded 1 you 'll 1 heavier 1 snowy 1 dripping 1 legwork 1 chinese 1 appellations - wild 1 scruffy 1 internet 1 eyed 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 80s 1 violently 1 accustomed 1 scientific 1 candlelight 1 avarice 1 keychain 1 angry 1 midnight 1 wily 1 primate 1 nobility 1 mandrake 1 ejaculate 1 cell 1 quiet 1 feng 1 five 1 cry 1 utter 1 intrusion 1 bridge 1 matter - spiritual 1 windmills 1 auto 1 journey 1 closer 1 largest 1 relaxation 1 junkyards 1 sickness 1 dying 1 club 1 mustache 1 reaction 1 secretary 1 anthropologist 1 visceral 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 post - college 1 convincing 1 grunted 1 reason 1 snarled 1 rides 1 buddy 1 recordings 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 act - the 1 breadcrumbs 1 plainclothes 1 stage 1 guttering 1 chortled 1 baths 1 section 1 cuts 1 smallest 1 fullest 1 appointed 1 renaissance 1 heyday 1 dinner - she 1 lightning 1 sunset 1 cripes - is 1 topped 1 lust 1 half - timber 1 souvenirs 1 boom 1 supplication 1 pottery 1 lactate 1 eats 1 unequivocal 1 strapping 1 publish 1 lapsed 1 side 1 meter 1 spines 1 medieval 1 slash 1 keeps 1 winked 1 saliva 1 reckless 1 epidural 1 drapes 1 oooh 1 frown 1 boars 1 critter 1 strategies 1 unhappiness 1 reciting 1 muffled 1 revelation 1 chainsaw 1 liar 1 desperate 1 bloom 1 affair 1 blacked 1 permanence 1 intrusions 1 completely 1 penitent 1 lines 1 homes 1 short 1 deluded 1 gold 1 pseudo 1 sniffed 1 sealed 1 expediency 1 loneliness 1 despite 1 genuine 1 placebo - was 1 shallow 1 paid 1 chance 1 indeedy 1 half - assed 1 le 1 erm 1 dinners 1 reddened 1 temperature 1 minutes 1 spirit 1 wreckage 1 puppies 1 disarmed 1 sleeping 1 snore 1 porch 1 confidence 1 box 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 shiny 1 pan 1 extending 1 greatcoats 1 forces 1 mythological 1 alien 1 voodoo 1 pheasants 1 distant 1 beckoning 1 bruno 1 effigy 1 eighteen 1 flautist 1 late - night 1 require 1 sides 1 false 1 lessons 1 lank 1 shutters 1 facility 1 inferior 1 rusting 1 periodic 1 essential 1 march 1 rattling 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 borrowing 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 star 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 clouds 1 pointed 1 huh 1 stages 1 fool 1 double - paned 1 jerked 1 volumes 1 ponytail 1 languages 1 coeds 1 softened 1 cock - ring 1 euphoric 1 chin 1 crisscrossed 1 established 1 armor 1 rattles 1 overlooking 1 granted 1 margaret 1 via 1 rear 1 textile 1 flagellant 1 stick 1 syndrome 1 hedgerows 1 needles 1 mark 1 leaped 1 syllables 1 dour 1 yoked 1 wicker 1 brown 1 loss 1 blank - eyed 1 magic 1 baccarat 1 blackness 1 halo 1 folk 1 excursions 1 issued 1 lode 1 nearby 1 taste 1 survivor 1 drop 1 floorboards 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 upset 1 bestial 1 quasi - lesbian 1 bruise 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 moved 1 revolved 1 dismisses 1 grimoires 1 become - a 1 fountain 1 spasm 1 thirteenth 1 reynoldses ' 1 amidst 1 slipper 1 sudden 1 dormancy 1 doldrums 1 courses 1 apartment 1 athletes 1 it 'll 1 deed 1 feared 1 gives 1 entrance 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 cycled 1 checked 1 privilege 1 team 1 lyle 1 issues 1 priests 1 kindling 1 drawers 1 comprised 1 appearance 1 blight 1 slabbed 1 bastard 1 huntsman 1 picture 1 moods 1 consumed 1 play 1 chopping 1 4 1 freak 1 endowment 1 rye 1 structure 1 potato 1 niceties 1 annoy 916 .
hallucigenia - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 1435 the 845 and 759 a 524 of 442 he 432 to 423 his 397 in 392 was 257 i 238 it 228 wallace 192 that 192 on 189 you 172 with 167 had 141 as 137 at 125 were 124 for 121 him 121 from 107 said 104 not 96 like 95 they 95 my 92 her 90 me 83 into 80 delaney 78 what 75 or 74 but 73 is 68 this 68 there 66 an 65 she 62 by 60 if 60 been 58 no 58 out 57 some 56 helen 55 be 55 about 54 did 54 over 53 when 52 up 52 got 51 all 48 one 47 too 43 wallace 's 42 we 42 so 41 do n't 41 your 41 choate 40 i ' m 40 more 40 around 39 back 38 them 37 old 37 face 37 then 36 mr 36 it 's 35 right 35 skip 34 could 34 something 34 man 34 their 33 have 32 hand 31 eyes 31 down 31 are 30 way 30 those 30 its 30 after 30 do 29 barn 29 went 29 where 29 made 29 black 28 going 28 who 28 know 28 off 28 maybe 28 through 27 did n't 27 see 27 door 26 just 26 another 26 here 26 tyler 25 big 25 house 24 would 24 why 24 how 23 time 23 took 23 head 23 before 23 saw 22 smith 22 want 22 pride 22 yeah 22 randy 21 that 's 21 get 21 any 21 again 21 only 21 now 21 nothing 21 oh 21 mouth 21 choates 21 anything 20 say 20 came 20 come 20 think 20 long 20 thought 20 called 20 which 19 never 19 much 19 well 19 things 19 dead 19 helen 's 19 two 18 near 18 dark 18 than 18 josh 18 okay 18 few 18 hell 18 might 18 i 'll 18 ever 18 while 18 these 18 night 18 thing 17 people 17 go 17 voice 17 left 17 kids 17 other 17 home 17 three 17 across 17 cigarette 16 gave 16 sure 16 horse 16 light 16 still 16 very 16 looked 16 always 16 tell 16 years 15 can 15 em 15 real 15 was n't 15 under 15 you 're 15 there 's 15 make 15 told 15 day 15 detective 14 hair 14 little 14 away 14 adams 14 glass 14 against 14 every 14 own 14 hands 14 started 14 between 14 since 13 good 13 property 13 inside 13 field 13 car 13 fingers 13 salter 13 though 13 himself 13 used 12 even 12 he 'd 12 he 's 12 smiled 12 whole 12 pylons 12 look 12 such 12 began 12 guard 12 certain 12 couple 12 sat 12 boss 12 savage 12 because 12 garden 12 asked 12 window 11 dropped 11 really 11 white 11 doing 11 neck 11 end 11 heard 11 uh 11 mind 11 except 11 hard 11 bruenig 11 turned 11 until 11 place 11 everything 11 call 11 each 11 hey 11 hole 11 shoulder 11 once 11 us 10 woman 10 dee 10 new 10 nose 10 most 10 fact 10 seen 10 i ' ve 10 road 10 best 10 phone 10 bottle 10 mean 10 bit 10 knew 10 men 10 kaleb 10 feet 10 happened 10 smile 10 find 10 became 10 put 10 guy 10 school 10 enough 9 better 9 deal 9 green 9 bad 9 dad 9 rolled 9 wrong 9 kept 9 past 9 our 9 bed 9 without 9 delaney 's 9 kind 9 pretty 9 wall 9 upon 9 decided 9 skull 9 almost 9 hanging 9 boys 9 wanted 9 office 9 stood 9 air 9 walls 9 far 9 eye 9 should 9 hip 9 earth 9 red 9 mostly 9 talk 9 beth 9 ago 9 cold 9 farm 9 love 9 trees 9 dunno 9 says 9 wife 9 yes 9 laughed 9 found 9 take 9 tried 9 looking 9 bout 9 along 9 room 8 job 8 behind 8 college 8 man 's 8 shit 8 onto 8 state 8 last 8 everywhere 8 cecil 8 seemed 8 strange 8 world 8 figure 8 number 8 would n't 8 lamp 8 brain 8 lay 8 need 8 young 8 business 8 during 8 drink 8 open 8 family 8 shoe 8 crack 8 security 8 had n't 8 opened 8 let 8 among 8 i 'd 8 rich 8 pulled 8 she 's 8 idea 8 small 8 ask 8 nearly 8 ca n't 8 huh 7 gone 7 matter 7 rocks 7 keep 7 grounds 7 table 7 nest 7 concrete 7 stuff 7 kinda 7 metal 7 department 7 chest 7 shadows 7 s 7 ceiling 7 sounds 7 probably 7 least 7 stuck 7 toward 7 else 7 woods 7 kate 7 somebody 7 is n't 7 hospital 7 cane 7 easy 7 guess 7 afraid 7 closed 7 days 7 guys 7 lights 7 olympia 7 lighted 7 girl 7 details 7 whatever 7 grass 7 life 7 care 7 thick 7 run 7 getting 7 wally 7 several 7 heart 7 legs 7 water 7 quite 7 suit 7 blood 7 same 7 gon na 7 am 7 must 7 weird 7 friend 7 got ta 7 are n't 7 does n't 7 click 7 drank 7 former 7 floor 7 heavy 7 desk 7 shirt 7 sister 7 live 7 high 6 gray 6 wild 6 set 6 hot 6 area 6 many 6 damn 6 gate 6 damned 6 bloody 6 they 'd 6 months 6 poured 6 where 's 6 great 6 choate 's 6 piece 6 creek 6 father 6 money 6 tom 6 liquor 6 playing 6 alley 6 course 6 sounded 6 soft 6 washington 6 cops 6 remember 6 charlie 6 sound 6 shot 6 cut 6 coming 6 camera 6 chinese 6 cell 6 throat 6 week 6 therapy 6 lot 6 nodded 6 moved 6 thin 6 land 6 guts 6 check 6 lucky 6 giant 6 wiped 6 although 6 kaleb 's 6 pressed 6 skip 's 6 caught 6 according 6 blue 6 drive 6 pushed 6 arm 6 station 6 answer 6 please 6 sense 6 bones 6 silence 6 attention 6 kid 6 will 6 problem 6 stars 6 handle 6 often 6 worms 6 parts 6 county 6 pills 6 shook 6 believe 6 sold 6 sort 6 wore 6 either 6 walked 6 noticed 6 side 6 brought 6 noises 6 first 5 taken 5 farther 5 trouble 5 fish 5 figured 5 yours 5 evening 5 building 5 reflection 5 expression 5 dragged 5 eventually 5 drinking 5 eating 5 tree 5 folks 5 foreign 5 we 'll 5 plastic 5 god 5 lips 5 cheek 5 crap 5 letters 5 move 5 brother 5 chair 5 sorry 5 they 're 5 d 5 someone 5 changed 5 beat 5 stop 5 3 5 flat 5 fly 5 tall 5 hi 5 next 5 shoulders 5 middle 5 music 5 tomorrow 5 flickered 5 hurt 5 nobody 5 have n't 5 worse 5 screwed 5 ferguson 5 being 5 different 5 jesus 5 waited 5 also 5 cancer 5 mess 5 pay 5 round 5 flies 5 dirt 5 filled 5 daddy 5 mud 5 mentioned 5 slapped 5 fellow 5 belly 5 above 5 elevator 5 flesh 5 nature 5 front 5 bunch 5 fine 5 waiting 5 doors 5 outside 5 graffiti 5 speak 5 darkness 5 anybody 5 cards 5 mass 5 smoked 5 cheap 5 lived 5 collection 5 large 5 built 5 history 5 guards 5 outta 5 janice 5 finished 5 close 5 shadow 5 private 5 nice 5 tight 5 dry 5 ring 5 cop 5 remembered 5 ya 5 branches 5 spread 5 smelled 5 taking 5 cameras 5 pocket 5 shoes 5 appeared 5 watched 5 dressed 5 track 5 done 5 loveless 5 story 5 fella 5 dozen 5 low 5 read 5 drove 5 supposed 5 accident 5 leave 5 town 5 name 5 glasses 5 bought 5 picture 4 seeing 4 warden 4 dalton 4 interesting 4 ran 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 breath 4 return 4 p 4 drunk 4 rose 4 anymore 4 cracks 4 happy 4 recognize 4 yellow 4 country 4 met 4 arrived 4 sleep 4 boy 4 estate 4 bottom 4 distorted 4 foot 4 knife 4 today 4 fire 4 smoking 4 patrons 4 talking 4 strands 4 how 's 4 quick 4 running 4 dirty 4 later 4 understand 4 ai n't 4 notice 4 soon 4 pictures 4 woo 4 smoke 4 shack 4 send 4 needed 4 rattled 4 rubbed 4 actually 4 roof 4 desert 4 doctor 4 meet 4 plenty 4 received 4 died 4 company 4 m 4 palm 4 slept 4 upstairs 4 physics 4 glanced 4 worried 4 deputy 4 what 's 4 sit 4 broken 4 doctors 4 worth 4 arizona 4 pool 4 leaned 4 meant 4 early 4 give 4 windows 4 veins 4 hesitated 4 nurse 4 tape 4 papers 4 suite 4 poetry 4 ancient 4 decades 4 floated 4 teeth 4 bridge 4 has 4 muffled 4 use 4 ice 4 pointed 4 bet 4 perhaps 4 forget 4 shrugged 4 studied 4 breast 4 worked 4 afternoon 4 somethin ' 4 heads 4 meanwhile 4 known 4 person 4 hated 4 line 4 slipped 4 working 4 wondered 4 let 's 4 itself 4 pants 4 wood 4 hate 4 anyway 4 tick 4 war 4 climbed 4 bag 4 main 4 morning 4 odd 4 loomed 4 wrecker 4 spoke 4 visit 4 case 4 walla 4 together 4 east 4 stared 4 wound 4 truly 4 balls 4 wedge 4 aside 4 grab 4 brothers 4 seems 4 rest 4 aware 4 thinking 4 second 4 images 4 thanks 4 otter 4 full 4 aliens 4 loves 4 drawn 4 noodles 4 considered 4 filthy 4 skin 4 mistuh 4 sweat 4 exactly 4 stopped 4 blunt 4 bear 4 raw 4 chavez 4 prison 4 hour 4 sent 4 crawl 4 raised 4 spot 4 ass 4 friends 4 yet 4 lives 4 book 4 dinner 4 anyhow 4 faces 4 morgan 4 television 4 wooden 4 lost 4 tesla 4 grinning 4 alive 4 ready 4 bull 4 blew 4 spring 4 1971 4 slightly 4 empty 4 grandfather 4 steps 4 ground 4 beneath 4 coast 4 could n't 4 shall 4 base 4 unknown 4 machine 4 familiar 4 forehead 4 shaking 4 game 4 exposed 4 staring 4 paul 4 clear 4 claimed 4 finally 4 scattered 4 photographs 4 wherever 4 joined 4 glance 4 gotten 4 short 4 paid 4 simply 4 buried 4 crossed 4 drop 4 lyle 4 bothered 3 counted 3 trust 3 arden 3 interview 3 favor 3 cool 3 everyone 3 loaded 3 resembled 3 owned 3 wo n't 3 sink 3 hear 3 truck 3 serious 3 hardwood 3 feeding 3 already 3 dripped 3 square 3 stains 3 arms 3 pride 's 3 hissed 3 whenever 3 bay - el 3 pulse 3 seconds 3 wire 3 burly 3 counting 3 freeman 3 cabinet 3 birth 3 both 3 dug 3 intercom 3 shut 3 sloshed 3 wet 3 huge 3 universe 3 chased 3 planning 3 restaurant 3 grateful 3 closely 3 late 3 appear 3 replaced 3 tail 3 card 3 sick 3 thursday 3 four 3 entire 3 sea 3 pneumonia 3 melted 3 hill 3 dream 3 temple 3 fat 3 watching 3 sitting 3 cigarettes 3 mounds 3 account 3 refused 3 hire 3 beyond 3 unlucky 3 picked 3 pit 3 fortune 3 turn 3 great - granddaddy 3 passed 3 conversation 3 joshua 3 goes 3 records 3 origin 3 beautiful 3 butt 3 following 3 fed 3 highway 3 usher 3 interested 3 birthday 3 fissure 3 screamed 3 fields 3 busted 3 plaster 3 antique 3 awful 3 hoped 3 welcome 3 ten 3 sweet 3 regarding 3 report 3 weekend 3 parked 3 hat 3 survived 3 part 3 sometimes 3 drag 3 master 3 west 3 screen 3 convinced 3 file 3 less 3 vodka 3 collapsed 3 fixed 3 accent 3 devil 3 lately 3 welded 3 hit 3 crowd 3 odor 3 grew 3 mima 3 liked 3 somehow 3 ones 3 recorder 3 wax 3 kitchen 3 clothes 3 carefully 3 kinds 3 barely 3 struck 3 pits 3 shone 3 funny 3 shattered 3 gun 3 crackled 3 tendrils 3 sucked 3 forest 3 hung 3 manner 3 stabbed 3 honest 3 besides 3 kate 's 3 dated 3 write 3 sucker 3 laid 3 holes 3 bedroom 3 ball 3 slippery 3 none 3 peered 3 divided 3 rough 3 possibly 3 hall 3 gravel 3 pleasure 3 seattle 3 ah 3 eel 3 surely 3 starts 3 slowly 3 shoebox 3 carried 3 required 3 animals 3 marlin 3 asphalt 3 pink 3 evidence 3 peacocks 3 realized 3 caused 3 french 3 pain 3 chuckled 3 played 3 edge 3 ruby 3 forth 3 son 3 you 'll 3 hills 3 angry 3 cry 3 wasp 3 dying 3 reason 3 dozens 3 suddenly 3 christmas 3 clouds 3 40s 3 spent 3 greasy 3 help 3 consciousness 3 feebly 3 matters 3 slack 3 senator 3 lots 3 birds 3 placed 3 rumors 3 premus 3 south 3 video 3 top 3 asking 3 professional 3 china 3 jagged 3 promised 3 puzzle 3 bar 3 interest 3 boot 3 poor 3 word 3 city 3 wrinkled 3 sagan 3 sonofabitch 3 houses 3 swear 3 per 3 performed 3 rendered 3 coulda 3 lance 3 swiftly 3 mine 3 wrapped 3 villa 3 hours 3 deeper 3 recently 3 stirred 3 comment 3 contained 3 dog 3 nam 3 designed 3 gestured 3 comes 3 ears 3 honey 3 sour 3 radiation 3 constantly 3 roots 3 cage 3 somewhere 3 concerned 3 moment 3 month 3 static 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 brand 3 heat 3 yanked 3 beside 3 artifacts 3 we 're 3 surface 3 normal 3 circles 3 crawled 3 art 3 grin 3 thoughts 3 viet 3 distance 3 paperwork 3 force 3 trembling 3 breeze 3 talked 3 itched 3 service 3 emerged 3 feeling 3 nothin ' 3 geologist 3 mixed 3 weight 3 tough 3 half 3 heck 3 drowned 3 bounced 3 moist 3 knocked 3 wrist 3 cause 3 were n't 3 stairs 3 equipment 3 blanket 3 hunting 3 slick 3 tired 3 deep 3 vacation 3 named 3 tracks 3 others 3 den 3 broke 3 feed 3 space 3 weeds 3 slid 3 collar 3 women 3 body 3 lobster 3 style 3 gap 3 dogs 3 tone 3 within 3 led 3 flushed 3 trip 3 travel 3 70s 3 attended 3 bored 3 covered 3 sideways 3 harold 3 knees 3 cake 3 joy 3 broad 3 dust 3 true 3 creepy 3 newspaper 3 hushed 3 ginger 3 names 3 point 3 hallucigenia 3 pipes 3 locked 3 should n't 3 glow 3 swallow 3 plant 3 held 3 try 3 milky 3 knob 3 flipped 3 present 3 version 3 driving 3 club 3 list 3 size 3 bentley 3 completely 3 sleeping 3 oozed 3 hang 3 shop 3 shake 3 party 3 counter 3 checked 3 woulda 2 unexpectedly 2 sodium 2 issue 2 load 2 strained 2 married 2 rigid 2 twenty 2 sluggish 2 fuck 2 bruenigs 2 nasa 2 screws 2 favorite 2 share 2 claustrophobic 2 tables 2 guest 2 source 2 local 2 depths 2 sweating 2 suspicion 2 show 2 wheel 2 limped 2 fresh 2 surprise 2 mimis 2 drugs 2 latter 2 devices 2 personal 2 trauma 2 vast 2 partner 2 radical 2 horns 2 huey 2 blink 2 wonder 2 missed 2 torso 2 research 2 brow 2 bring 2 perfect 2 drifted 2 appreciate 2 flew 2 offered 2 shelves 2 abruptly 2 squinted 2 nasty 2 twisted 2 holland 2 cor 2 reflections 2 ourselves 2 cocked 2 clamped 2 scotch 2 bein ' 2 rather 2 bleeding 2 plain 2 recommended 2 volume 2 plan 2 monstrous 2 rectangular 2 funnel 2 squid 2 postcards 2 necessary 2 pappy 2 fix 2 booze 2 nope 2 cult 2 crystal 2 hurts 2 chinamen 2 primordial 2 morbid 2 mixing 2 tools 2 handkerchief 2 furniture 2 splattered 2 pharaoh 2 listened 2 tie 2 routine 2 funky 2 inevitably 2 bean 2 shoot 2 yesterday 2 silent 2 player 2 humongous 2 action 2 coffee 2 orange 2 tyler 's 2 wearing 2 turning 2 recovery 2 wheels 2 thrown 2 dusk 2 aluminum 2 clutched 2 billy 2 fast 2 ripped 2 emanated 2 mister 2 series 2 climb 2 alone 2 switch 2 reservation 2 phantom 2 escaped 2 swept 2 carl 2 messing 2 begun 2 thinkin ' 2 lashes 2 craved 2 covets 2 frank 2 dear 2 traps 2 iron 2 convulsively 2 kicked 2 button 2 regained 2 rocker 2 eggheads 2 postcard 2 clippings 2 gulper 2 accepted 2 granny 2 sending 2 particular 2 violence 2 squirrel 2 radioactive 2 follow 2 continued 2 sticky 2 cells 2 shaded 2 narrow 2 order 2 prints 2 friday 2 gleamed 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 stoned 2 slumped 2 ghastly 2 wave 2 agency 2 child 2 slogging 2 grown 2 skeletal 2 hooves 2 cooled 2 flung 2 batted 2 curved 2 pal 2 skinned 2 wide 2 finger 2 lying 2 bone 2 motel 2 would ' ve 2 special 2 anyone 2 eight 2 forward 2 floors 2 stung 2 blown 2 pallid 2 wednesday 2 eager 2 curious 2 fence 2 authorities 2 monster 2 fuzzy 2 driveway 2 passenger 2 carson 2 randy 's 2 grease 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 shapes 2 n ' 2 dusted 2 miraculously 2 settle 2 stayed 2 fucked 2 basket 2 sloppy 2 screaming 2 blind 2 confused 2 caked 2 remainder 2 making 2 cleared 2 pipe 2 cologne 2 rode 2 bell 2 numerous 2 elbow 2 senior 2 chairs 2 awoke 2 degrees 2 pen 2 insects 2 dance 2 cargo 2 rainier 2 creaked 2 wig 2 unfortunately 2 paper 2 stadium 2 roaring 2 deserted 2 circle 2 washed 2 cast 2 coronary 2 cheeks 2 worry 2 carcass 2 iranian 2 handed 2 impression 2 ahead 2 whale 2 regarded 2 cables 2 engine 2 label 2 busy 2 wives 2 forced 2 needs 2 missing 2 brush 2 peculiar 2 detected 2 selling 2 squids 2 apes 2 aspirin 2 drinks 2 thumb 2 hopes 2 salt 2 rugs 2 bronze 2 older 2 tribe 2 hundred 2 blue - black 2 posts 2 break 2 hallway 2 oversized 2 demons 2 package 2 american 2 diligence 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 muttered 2 parents 2 term 2 friendly 2 quit 2 casino 2 honking 2 view 2 dwindling 2 discovered 2 cottage 2 loved 2 lone 2 crazy 2 drooling 2 fill 2 sex 2 news 2 sharp 2 followed 2 fascination 2 sank 2 straight 2 abandoned 2 hose 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 scare 2 gibberish 2 examined 2 pried 2 automatic 2 sneaking 2 acoustics 2 lurched 2 steiner 2 depression 2 forearm 2 lion 2 littered 2 chef 2 walk 2 wires 2 myriad 2 korean 2 heels 2 having 2 king 2 question 2 retreated 2 capitol 2 admit 2 makes 2 bled 2 pyramids 2 sheriff 's 2 loafers 2 fallen 2 coat 2 spiders 2 prevent 2 damp 2 pad 2 mating 2 throbbed 2 yup 2 standing 2 rush 2 europe 2 projects 2 blindness 2 sir 2 dialed 2 packed 2 rolling 2 scratchy 2 potatoes 2 device 2 shape 2 degree 2 butler 2 current 2 yard 2 cruised 2 overgrown 2 catch 2 mrs 2 gaps 2 christ 2 human 2 handsome 2 dripping 2 twice 2 sanity 2 cabinets 2 grinding 2 complex 2 reflex 2 nine 2 choke 2 pulp 2 grunted 2 auction 2 boiled 2 tottered 2 useful 2 clarity 2 library 2 occupants 2 words 2 infinitely 2 pinched 2 shallow 2 files 2 drawer 2 box 2 hired 2 dried 2 con 2 alien 2 distant 2 bruno 2 thrust 2 you 'd 2 safe 2 star 2 woozy 2 fool 2 notion 2 message 2 sunlight 2 stick 2 scope 2 sox 2 softly 2 taste 2 nearby 2 returned 2 grinned 2 burns 2 pop 2 sudden 2 kiss 2 major 2 adjoining 2 bastard 2 porter 2 fearful 2 noise 2 eldest 2 obviously 2 imagine 2 figures 2 cracked 2 curses 2 god 's 2 skeleton 2 setting 2 drummond 2 cordial 2 thank 2 girth 2 type 2 warped 2 ended 2 laundry 2 note 2 keeping 2 vomit 2 tub 2 partially 2 artwork 2 thurston 2 amount 2 police 2 knelt 2 occasionally 2 blowing 2 killing 2 holy 2 martinis 2 sorta 2 artist 2 selected 2 necessity 2 fingerprints 2 river 2 paxton 2 utterly 2 watch 2 johnny 2 quantum 2 index 2 peek 2 kissed 2 antiquity 2 sports 2 detail 2 does 2 process 2 maggots 2 families 2 lunch 2 physical 2 trunk 2 cleaning 2 difficult 2 dwell 2 print 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 indian 2 bizarre 2 plopped 2 development 2 bye 2 downstairs 2 unless 2 mired 2 flowers 2 mates 2 wrote 2 buses 2 goddamn 2 whoever 2 pounds 2 mystery 2 lady 2 painted 2 whispered 2 faint 2 droned 2 punched 2 nailed 2 symbols 2 cramped 2 items 2 60s 2 steel 2 kurt 2 forty 2 rogers 2 howled 2 disappear 2 biggest 2 factories 2 payton 2 fairly 2 pig 2 wished 2 arrival 2 aiming 2 rambling 2 weak 2 language 2 bowl 2 vacant 2 matched 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 busting 2 interior 2 advice 2 32 2 rubber 2 buy 2 hillbilly 2 marble 2 energy 2 system 2 mirror 2 nowhere 2 oak 2 avenue 2 spotted 2 assortment 2 calling 2 brains 2 switchblade 2 cattle 2 sky 2 doin ' 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 squirming 2 unidentified 2 study 2 recollections 2 dull 2 buzzed 2 sittin ' 2 california 2 ages 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 silver 2 coveralls 2 battered 2 changing 2 hood 2 photo 2 chill 2 rope 2 english 2 operation 2 shuffled 2 monoliths 2 returns 2 wonky 2 remnants 2 disappearances 2 rearview 2 oil 2 nah 2 jenson 2 frame 2 provided 2 strap 2 prescription 2 belt 2 gazed 2 gulped 2 rock 2 legend 2 grand 2 reek 2 memory 2 wilson 2 experiments 2 initial 2 awake 2 careful 2 pretended 2 stops 2 plate 2 record 2 shined 2 forgot 2 hollow 2 feel 2 cousin 2 scandal 2 juice 2 answering 2 mechanical 2 brawl 2 unstamped 2 work 2 stories 2 downtown 2 lock 2 portions 2 landing 2 miles 2 wool 2 shrill 2 wan na 2 whether 2 6 2 brutal 2 count 2 promise 2 screw 2 goin ' 2 indistinct 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 woo 's 2 melancholy 2 dreamt 2 pieces 2 keys 2 hidden 2 greased 2 however 2 bird 2 gallery 2 recalcitrant 2 year 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 entangled 2 citadel 2 jumped 2 hello 2 happen 2 electromagnetic 2 wind 2 warning 2 seeped 2 grim 2 rain 2 status 2 signed 2 warm 2 strip 2 smashed 2 vapor 2 miniature 2 groaned 2 partition 2 indeed 2 till 2 grandpa 2 artificial 2 satisfaction 2 de 2 disturbing 2 stunts 2 interference 2 manny 2 ets 2 darling 2 tacoma 2 dimensions 2 lunatic 2 losing 2 collected 2 sun 2 six 2 quality 2 daily 2 similar 2 guns 2 nails 2 hold 2 asleep 2 felt 2 free 2 scary 2 sons 2 loose 2 dim 2 occupied 2 you ' ve 2 shade 2 graduated 2 given 2 dabbed 2 chain 2 wwii 2 asian 2 truth 2 stripped 2 flinched 2 gesture 2 branch 2 investments 2 drum 2 silk 2 burrowed 2 tuesday 2 beer 2 public 2 offshore 2 yelling 2 fully 2 eastern 2 essentially 2 patiently 2 gambler 2 dangling 2 suppose 2 scientist 2 hummed 2 pitter - pat 2 drew 2 chuckle 2 faded 2 fourth 2 propped 2 deformed 2 boards 2 touch 2 noon 2 faculties 2 bloated 2 tongue 2 covers 2 cosmic 2 somewhat 2 waddel 2 rubbing 2 spare 2 store 2 dreams 2 bust 2 jews 2 oily 2 native 2 pale 2 tribal 2 jaguars 2 walking 2 decade 2 scalp 2 stench 2 gaping 2 guestroom 2 complicated 2 rude 2 muddy 2 longer 2 wheeze 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 rifle 2 prosthesis 2 sumac 2 press 2 background 2 swallowed 2 worm 2 50s 2 seltzer 2 should ' ve 2 glued 2 served 2 gloom 2 irish 2 solid 2 change 2 prease 2 friggin ' 2 fragments 2 cocktails 2 lurked 2 merrily 2 unnatural 2 pertaining 2 objects 2 humidity 2 inflection 2 cried 2 assumed 2 thor 2 liver 2 limits 2 bruenig 's 2 sandal 2 fancy 2 instead 2 sauce 2 vase 2 bigger 2 gripped 2 skinny 2 premises 2 tons 2 divorce 2 breakthrough 2 tapping 2 dingy 2 flabby 2 y'know 2 minute 2 elegant 2 formal 2 officer 2 pigs 2 fell 2 killed 2 depredations 2 tracking 2 stroke 2 dryly 2 peace 2 landed 2 sweetheart 2 reminiscent 2 jerry 2 detect 2 health 2 quiet 2 bitter 2 crank 2 stiffened 2 stage 2 specialist 2 fired 2 encroachment 2 street 2 reckless 2 freeman 's 2 raise 2 instant 2 blm 2 imagery 2 fumbled 2 vertigo 2 loyal 2 nephew 2 rattling 2 ride 2 burn 2 matinee 2 rear 2 brown 2 swore 2 folk 2 quarter 2 football 2 stupid 2 railing 2 reduced 2 ghosts 2 sergeant 2 slithered 2 it 'll 2 team 2 scene 2 totally 1 richer 1 distinguished 1 yelled 1 forging 1 coal 1 bonkers 1 swiveled 1 clambered 1 campfire 1 lumbar 1 show - stopping 1 belonged 1 huston 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 doorways 1 reshaped 1 expressions 1 glinting 1 sedan 1 unglued 1 steadily 1 fifty - first 1 throes 1 photograph 1 batting 1 wait 1 angel 's 1 unwanted 1 dates 1 wealthy 1 redfield 1 k 1 copyrights 1 shapeless 1 address 1 i d 1 tinker 's 1 lumbered 1 crop 1 flattened 1 mild 1 sightin 's 1 fair 1 fiercely 1 deprived 1 stranding 1 sheets 1 2002 1 dent 1 dominos 1 death 1 dodging 1 thumbnail 1 dandelion 1 booth 1 elijah 1 8 1 uh - huh 1 promenade 1 clerk 's 1 pestered 1 muck 1 quaking 1 polo 1 bird 's 1 invited 1 whoa 1 behemoth 1 affably 1 lift 1 yah 1 tidings 1 ashamed 1 recover 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 striking 1 squatted 1 39 1 musk 1 puckered 1 psychiatrist 1 powder 1 cassette 1 snicked 1 cloistered 1 dinging 1 tableware 1 toured 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hive 1 drill 1 tires 1 sufficient 1 thumping 1 lack 1 all - fired 1 yank 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 parade 1 icebreaker 1 costumed 1 understandable 1 mesmerize 1 mason 1 los 1 highballs 1 robe 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 swath 1 episode 1 khaki 1 diva 1 proponent 1 fracture 1 burr 1 final 1 spend 1 thickly 1 uno 1 thanked 1 there 're 1 mutilations 1 fetched 1 dangle 1 vengeful 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 apologies 1 saying 1 microwave 1 reserves 1 oddfellows 1 mound 1 implant 1 heavily 1 gleam 1 wad 1 tap 1 ike 's 1 thigh 1 fold 1 outrace 1 pile 1 champion 1 detailing 1 environments 1 flatbed 1 sees 1 virtue 1 position 1 holding 1 rent 1 god - fearin ' 1 bragging 1 commence 1 whistling 1 regs 1 owner 1 hocks 1 pail 1 buds 1 soda 1 soundless 1 belial 1 milk 1 riled 1 sweaty 1 hocus 1 gambling 1 crammed 1 roost 1 midlife 1 neurological 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 basso 1 oops 1 stiffly 1 bearing 1 quailed 1 smacking 1 web 1 shat 1 student 1 obvious 1 poison 1 architect 1 interviewing 1 payroll 1 smacked 1 nurtured 1 suffocating 1 skirted 1 blocky 1 dragon 1 degenerated 1 goosebumps 1 shovels 1 jackrabbits 1 vanilla 1 saint 1 1313 1 impatient 1 attendance 1 detached 1 dared 1 half - mast 1 considering 1 visitor 1 survey 1 car 's 1 parties 1 atrophy 1 winchester 1 gentleman 1 application 1 lumpen 1 driven 1 cruise 1 people 's 1 blocked 1 oyster 1 unload 1 alcan 1 honored 1 manfred 1 spied 1 graft 1 prior 1 multi - jointed 1 tugs 1 hopelessly 1 hanks 1 mainly 1 pug 1 speed 1 located 1 pass 1 insomuch 1 seamless 1 ventures 1 manager 1 arrowheads 1 gizmo 's 1 couch 1 gothic 1 marinated 1 chorus 1 liner 1 tetanus 1 half - collapsed 1 wallowing 1 valley 1 leatherneck 1 write - off 1 hereford 1 russell 1 eyebrow 1 half - formed 1 brittle 1 telescoped 1 snotty 1 adapt 1 imponderable 1 yessiree 1 atom - smasher 1 dish 1 checks 1 putrefied 1 sorted 1 governments 1 geological 1 monday 1 forearms 1 dilate 1 eram 1 kenya 1 route 1 anton 1 smith 's 1 stole 1 shock 1 hysterically 1 developer 1 muscular 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 stygian 1 afford 1 dr 1 doorknob 1 pulling 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 topside 1 anyways 1 patently 1 batteries 1 horrible 1 beams 1 self 1 alarms 1 absence 1 belong 1 nibbled 1 c'm on 1 headgear 1 threat 1 perry 1 jumpstarted 1 astronomer 1 amused 1 cute 1 shortening 1 whitewashed 1 age 1 scrawny 1 dancers 1 there 'd 1 sock 1 infinite 1 warlock 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 darned 1 draft 1 hug 1 scarlet 1 mental 1 rouse 1 howdy 1 tenants 1 bottles 1 key 1 restrooms 1 it 'd 1 prime 1 tiles 1 reckoned 1 harkened 1 yolk 1 tad 1 conquered 1 crinkly 1 monks 1 polyp 1 hope 1 mangled 1 dimly 1 heavy - duty 1 lodges 1 constricted 1 hasty 1 crappy 1 ingenious 1 exist 1 transformed 1 soccer 1 gets 1 sweetness 1 capable 1 devastating 1 hmm 1 brake 1 coherent 1 2 1 cloning 1 flexing 1 heirs 1 glutted 1 ours 1 supercharged 1 sideline 1 poised 1 reportin ' 1 affectation 1 gunned 1 clan 1 sinking 1 regain 1 taxes 1 introduce 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 drover 1 suction 1 taker 1 staggered 1 honors 1 dawn 1 thumbprint 1 jawing 1 glum 1 wait - wait 1 slat 1 hungry 1 affected 1 broadcasting 1 linebacker 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 starched 1 hydraulic 1 fly - buzz 1 cantonese 1 blast 1 plasma 1 wine 1 brrr 1 frequented 1 luck 1 officials 1 mercifully 1 shafts 1 featured 1 pulsing 1 bricks 1 inflamed 1 automatics 1 mucking 1 worn 1 19 1 participation 1 malloy 's 1 dante 1 directory 1 disjointed 1 armoire 1 scythe 1 expected 1 mousetrap 1 clawing 1 poulsbo 1 portrait 1 viscid 1 rib 1 name - unknown 1 rape 1 girl 's 1 habitat 1 steak 1 skipperoo 's 1 dick 1 chemosh 1 langan 1 jiggled 1 diameter 1 freaky 1 welt 1 trapped 1 jealous 1 welled 1 tangled 1 assembled 1 hallucination 1 popped 1 dresser 1 bare 1 professing 1 murmured 1 lord 1 sunburns 1 surprised 1 disconnected 1 possessions 1 operated 1 elderly 1 contractors 1 sediment 1 phrases 1 yeoman 's 1 hells - bells 1 corridors 1 fergie 1 act 1 planned 1 throw 1 hula 1 gazelles 1 juices 1 wry 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 neighbor 1 biceps 1 pilots 1 admin 1 pulsed 1 day - old 1 thighbone 1 ramshackle 1 jump - cuts 1 mutter 1 universities 1 withered 1 dynamo 1 waned 1 understanding 1 remaining 1 succumbed 1 damaged 1 german 1 imported 1 unobtrusive 1 inspiration 1 investment 1 prowling 1 jabber 1 hayloft 1 cadillac 1 torture 1 peeling 1 fountains 1 poet 1 ropes 1 adequately 1 recycling 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 riding 1 revulsion 1 conservative 1 prickle 1 standout 1 counterpart 1 terrace 1 shatter 1 unsteadily 1 syllable 1 beginnin ' 1 ensconced 1 tailor - made 1 renovated 1 awkward 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 housecleaner 1 drunkenly 1 gulf 1 questions 1 fallin ' 1 short - term 1 jumpy 1 money 's 1 tasting 1 corresponded 1 rules 1 regimen 1 d'ya 1 chopper 1 engage 1 soldiering 1 original 1 splashed 1 poke 1 shivering 1 qualis 1 speedy 1 cough 1 armament 1 relations 1 soaked 1 suggested 1 destroyed 1 clearing 1 canada 1 dosage 1 tragically 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 accomplices 1 possible 1 helicopter 1 conspirator 1 bourbons 1 squared 1 hesse 1 tune 1 cramping 1 buttocks 1 mildew 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 queers 1 sworn 1 law 1 trail 1 collective 1 whirled 1 specimen 1 split 1 chicken 1 biological 1 discount 1 1910 1 brat 1 crabs 1 strewed 1 breaching 1 hosted 1 privately 1 verbosity 1 features 1 preferred 1 pleasantries 1 gutters 1 granta 1 harder 1 eli 1 notations 1 communicate 1 cereal 1 gathering 1 inches 1 chips 1 molecular 1 mouths 1 officers 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 preserved 1 yonder 1 jackhammer 1 langans 1 jaws 1 hiring 1 overly 1 enormous 1 intestines 1 group 1 earthquake 1 yep 1 unintelligible 1 buildings 1 five - year - old 1 angle 1 animal 's 1 radio 1 hubbub 1 rained 1 incompletely 1 tycoons 1 coil 1 forgotten 1 penitentiaries 1 wifey 1 queasy 1 urine 1 medical 1 dropping 1 wipe 1 kong 1 fightin ' 1 roads 1 theory 1 respective 1 reach 1 purely 1 eighty - six 'd 1 reliable 1 george 's 1 scarcely 1 twenty - something 1 classified 1 cancun 1 sullen 1 toyed 1 9 1 scrubbing 1 fever 1 foreclosed 1 snugly 1 nba 1 vicinity 1 faithfully 1 fragmented 1 overseer 1 surprisingly 1 worshiping 1 surgeon 1 softer 1 picturesque 1 living 1 prisons 1 deranged 1 traditional 1 itty - bitty 1 gawped 1 afternoons 1 11 1 sufficed 1 flotilla 1 suspected 1 zero 1 pilot 's 1 wagged 1 unwholesome 1 glutinous 1 grins 1 neat 1 saturday 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 moseyed 1 bloke 1 copy 1 practice 1 marianas 1 townies 1 prize 1 dusky 1 definitely 1 data 1 hiked 1 fan 1 hum 1 cantinas 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 beehive 1 confession 1 immigrant 1 bamboo 1 permitted 1 india 1 regret 1 hopefully 1 sedentary 1 bumpkin 1 nursed 1 franklin 1 departure 1 ends 1 bodyguard 1 trophy 1 utterance 1 esteemed 1 screwing 1 span 1 chavez 's 1 birthdays 1 headaches 1 chalked 1 protect 1 herself 1 takes 1 shirtless 1 strand 1 progenitor 1 planet 's 1 feculent 1 ribcage 1 sturdy 1 medications 1 cultures 1 doped 1 abject 1 need n't 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 essence 1 christians 1 jersey 1 mum 1 joked 1 pencil - dick 1 develop 1 dorm 1 watercolor 1 uncovered 1 prostitutes 1 boots 1 intensify 1 yielding 1 capered 1 silverfish 1 spaces 1 snort 1 tripped 1 hassled 1 messy 1 expensive 1 18 1 breasts 1 nightly 1 illuminated 1 forlorn 1 think - tank 1 grit 1 butter - soft 1 seated 1 start 1 geezer 1 swindled 1 trembled 1 admonished 1 shielded 1 actual 1 obscure 1 jeez 1 piss 1 intertwined 1 profile 1 electric 1 begins 1 jarred 1 notch 1 disco 1 callused 1 arteries 1 brambles 1 loudly 1 describe 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 chippies 1 shed 1 daughter 1 grimy 1 simmerin ' 1 fistfuls 1 folder 1 flailing 1 fillin ' 1 flask 1 gin 1 giggled 1 traveling 1 reject 1 triple - a 1 acquired 1 jiving 1 natives 1 cooler 1 headphones 1 thousandfold 1 vet 1 flicked 1 detour 1 tilted 1 sheath 1 relationship 1 wrenches 1 marks 1 handy 1 bugs 1 sake 1 barn 's 1 feud 1 exquisitely 1 lamplight 1 ex - sheriff 's 1 crumpled 1 groped 1 prey 1 ted 1 piped 1 glimmering 1 ripe 1 amazing 1 gruff 1 squabbles 1 chattered 1 palaver 1 cleft 1 class 1 thousands 1 americana 1 greenhouse 1 polynesia 1 hangers - on 1 sparky 1 rang 1 waist 1 nested 1 threads 1 slender 1 wallet 1 cecil 's 1 calf 1 etching 1 lemmesee 1 rust 1 applicants 1 cleaners 1 storm 1 undignified 1 diving 1 particle 1 mountains 1 rocky 1 insistent 1 parking 1 bargain 1 covetous 1 ducked 1 prickles 1 mid - thigh 1 horn 1 crabbed 1 employees 1 quietly 1 winter 1 ugly 1 investigating 1 fatter 1 sorts 1 servant 1 neither 1 explained 1 rewrote 1 pete 's 1 click - clocked 1 76 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 shifted 1 ungainly 1 courthouse 1 cats 1 jungles 1 alto - relievo 1 brace 1 14 1 resumed 1 stool 1 rim 1 fists 1 victim 1 noisy 1 prescribed 1 patrolled 1 lockup 1 hooked 1 swollen 1 stripes 1 means 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 disheveled 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 recall 1 moaned 1 barefoot 1 vfw 1 ached 1 pairing 1 park 1 reasonable 1 shrug 1 frankly 1 avaricious 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 choirboy 1 balanced 1 quagmire 1 darksome 1 microsoft 's 1 mother 's 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 documentation 1 sidewalks 1 numbness 1 overlap 1 aw 1 vanishing 1 max 1 stays 1 axis 1 roll 1 modestly 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 dabbled 1 sand 1 john 1 ranks 1 beethoven 1 overlong 1 delayed 1 tobacco 1 waist - deep 1 seventeen 1 slime 1 glee 1 teat 1 ladder 1 disoriented 1 scar 1 twitches 1 droppings 1 blues 1 mountain 1 compatriots 1 behavior 1 farmers 1 akin 1 druggies 1 funhouse 1 george 1 disgorged 1 flank 1 loads 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 tinged 1 depending 1 dungarees 1 tremendous 1 talker 1 hull 1 feeble 1 hank 1 clubs 1 indigenous 1 meaningless 1 ink 1 receiver 1 gowns 1 banned 1 tucked 1 tasted 1 pizarro 1 1959 1 massively 1 disintegrated 1 drool 1 valium 1 quieted 1 westerns 1 uniform 1 short - circuited 1 notes 1 overalls 1 fascinating 1 crashing 1 bid 1 17 1 agrarian 1 homicide 1 tiled 1 twelve 1 erected 1 hurriedly 1 fate 1 pete 1 kat 1 bus 1 intended 1 customs 1 fluorescent 1 drivers 1 handing 1 science 1 manicured 1 sparsa 1 pivoted 1 leather 1 industry 1 themselves 1 august 1 impulsive 1 scraped 1 lobbyists 1 tip 1 gracie 1 departed 1 ku 1 shimmering 1 stagger 1 acquisitions 1 coyly 1 tow 1 chewed 1 displayed 1 psycho 1 younger 1 diaper 1 schedule 1 oklahoma 1 summon 1 applied 1 fabric 1 calmed 1 condemnable 1 eat 1 function 1 scorched 1 looped 1 pony 1 cat 1 modulate 1 growled 1 halfway 1 crew 1 financial 1 wake 1 thrashing 1 configure 1 non 1 grades 1 relegated 1 blaze 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 rashes 1 vermiculate 1 middle - aged 1 practicing 1 ceilings 1 antiseptic 1 indians 1 gourds 1 suffused 1 gorilla 1 hiding 1 klan 1 resisted 1 tailgate 1 heir 1 deserved 1 sobriety 1 dump 1 focus 1 basis 1 ability 1 knee - jerk 1 slithering 1 hemingway 1 tommy 1 employed 1 world - beater 1 son 's 1 granddad 1 waggled 1 trailer 1 13 - wide 1 yellowing 1 sighed 1 gems 1 gauzy 1 feats 1 cathode 1 wafted 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 garage 1 settled 1 barret 1 razor 1 merry 1 exhausted 1 ordered 1 accurate 1 khakis 1 centralia 1 off - campus 1 se 1 miter 1 remove 1 scribble 1 jittering 1 blooming 1 unrecognizable 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 disappeared 1 trudging 1 hick 1 elephant 1 scattering 1 familial 1 ritual 1 tattled 1 golfer 's 1 piglet 1 des 1 buttons 1 conceding 1 offing 1 healthy 1 buzzing 1 sublevels 1 battleship 1 nitty - gritty 1 gucci 1 missin ' 1 could ' ve 1 squawked 1 studying 1 unsavory 1 demolished 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 consider 1 alliance 1 twins 1 bathrobe 1 dissolve 1 satanism 1 dating 1 twitching 1 weapon 1 zombie 1 stonehenge 1 lower 1 freight 1 contracted 1 gestated 1 lipstick 1 heavens 1 lit 1 accounts 1 soo 1 slit 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 posh 1 bothers 1 crosshatched 1 yoo - hoo 1 neighborhood 1 digging 1 et 1 scratching 1 contamination 1 fractures 1 involved 1 pulses 1 ambulance 1 entourage 1 god - awful 1 undercurrent 1 founded 1 newton 1 drone 1 university 1 loud 1 baptists 1 pocus 1 deserves 1 today 's 1 visiting 1 dt 's 1 undocumented 1 faux 1 eggshell 1 spilling 1 ninety - eight 1 inventions 1 clap 1 seventy - five 1 diesel 1 therapist 1 corroded 1 sickened 1 deposited 1 ranging 1 ship 1 ahh 1 teams 1 gravid 1 unattached 1 ex - jarhead 1 straps 1 powerful 1 rum 1 boxed 1 alarmingly 1 peripheral 1 tangles 1 fractured 1 crisis 1 hornets 1 buzz 1 bunched 1 impending 1 specter 1 ruled 1 banquets 1 exit 1 gurgling 1 acres 1 axes 1 coven 1 havoc 1 margie 1 unpacked 1 tavern 1 culture 1 movements 1 curve 1 genetic 1 smug 1 furrow 1 inscrutable 1 carries 1 dublin 1 rattlesnake 1 all - american 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 esoteric 1 shipped 1 ye 1 dialer 1 guttural 1 exchanged 1 desolate 1 recent 1 so - called 1 beth 's 1 harbor 1 flagpole 1 polished 1 migraine 1 australia 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 tweeds 1 padded 1 beheld 1 gaped 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 roused 1 menagerie 1 carved 1 phoned 1 snipped 1 fetus 1 bake 1 formations 1 borrowed 1 halls 1 ton 1 allowance 1 directed 1 depressing 1 compounded 1 blearily 1 stub 1 killer 1 garbled 1 theater - sized 1 walnut 1 startle 1 plunged 1 flashed 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 marker 1 thunderous 1 prominent 1 skirt 1 earl 1 abscond 1 murder 1 maniacal 1 yogis 1 hurry 1 aka 1 intemperate 1 abductions 1 teagues 1 masked 1 flaccidly 1 deciding 1 fern 1 master 's 1 baby 1 praying 1 addiction 1 shoulda 1 respectable 1 84 1 murk 1 crews 1 considerin ' 1 tailor 1 equilibrium 1 humps 1 vanished 1 spiky 1 ribs 1 evolved 1 executive 1 seed 1 socialites 1 parcel 1 jammed 1 possessed 1 lie 1 confiding 1 abstractedly 1 various 1 klux 1 shellshock 1 lanky 1 bomber 1 wilted 1 strutted 1 harper 's 1 idled 1 overwhelming 1 lint 1 lapped 1 biologist 1 july 1 decorated 1 hid 1 may 1 homemade 1 lamps 1 operations 1 institutionalized 1 coyotes 1 casinos 1 installed 1 attached 1 chasms 1 kermit 1 trained 1 immediate 1 keloid 1 1916 1 requested 1 caltech 1 porn 1 getup 1 ace 1 census 1 hurried 1 relieved 1 wardrobe 1 wild - ass 1 communities 1 tigers 1 mockery 1 blocks 1 tactics 1 fooling 1 wryly 1 tickling 1 bastard 's 1 inheritors 1 examination 1 holds 1 stultified 1 impulse 1 dungeon 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 hamstrung 1 drawings 1 casings 1 clandestine 1 error 1 clicked 1 crimson 1 discerning 1 toppled 1 leaking 1 brandy 1 managed 1 mastiffs 1 southeast 1 loped 1 bulging 1 vault 1 hulking 1 416 1 farmland 1 proved 1 identical 1 event 1 swaggered 1 cheating 1 retained 1 maw 1 stevens 1 feed 's 1 oxygen 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 contemplated 1 included 1 pucker 1 neolithic 1 filth 1 veritable 1 blackened 1 rot 1 three - quarters 1 straggled 1 stander 1 fishbowl 1 offended 1 pressure 1 punctiliously 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 traversed 1 eagerly 1 lusterless 1 cortical 1 trim 1 maple 1 spit 1 maroon 1 coverlet 1 federal 1 cheekbone 1 shacking 1 largely 1 heritage 1 mt 1 gaunt 1 outright 1 geographic 1 polynesian 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 pub 1 1890s 1 flopping 1 profundo 1 lieutenant 1 snowball 1 inchoate 1 grainy 1 gears 1 statuary 1 tubes 1 paw 1 convulsion 1 collect 1 eyewitness 1 shackled 1 cockamamie 1 slammed 1 skewed 1 toast 1 rigging 1 bandages 1 exhaustion 1 fund 1 fear 1 emigrated 1 ha 1 hobo 1 shaitan 1 legally 1 unlikely 1 79 1 stoic 1 half - full 1 clattering 1 clobber 1 guinness 1 plugged 1 b - barn 1 corral 1 incomprehensible 1 royally 1 elephantine 1 cash 1 vacate 1 jacking 1 windshield 1 vaulted 1 gossen 's 1 disinterest 1 lonnie 1 500 1 shipping 1 forbade 1 islands 1 ruined 1 join 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 rumbling 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 ballroom 1 uw 1 charismatic 1 jacob 1 gentle 1 councilman 1 beetles 1 ruby 's 1 where ' ve 1 unit 1 contagious 1 lobotomizing 1 piled 1 traitorously 1 diggin ' 1 two - finger 1 drooping 1 musty 1 socket 1 marengo 1 febrile 1 greater 1 rows 1 formidable 1 dangerous 1 salter 's 1 uncapped 1 secondhand 1 script 1 dayshift 1 discussed 1 comfortable 1 saddle 1 june 1 grain 1 grinds 1 north 1 ducts 1 recollection 1 16 1 dispossessed 1 grounded 1 existed 1 chamber 1 mortals 1 majored 1 candidates 1 computer 1 dealt 1 staccato 1 ambitions 1 ward 1 jubilantly 1 dubious 1 admiration 1 dining 1 mel 1 nastiness 1 rancid 1 retrieve 1 pained 1 off - limits 1 crewcut 1 sexy 1 routinely 1 cooling 1 classical 1 1958 1 ph 1 snowy 1 ghoulish 1 graveyard - shift 1 framework 1 jewelry 1 gasses 1 eyed 1 prone 1 praise 1 miranda 1 bulls 1 combs 1 stitched 1 accustomed 1 tan 1 scientific 1 stockyard 1 madcap 1 planks 1 blighted 1 pa 1 coiled 1 nobility 1 trespassing 1 magnificently 1 tossed 1 velvet - dim 1 disturbance 1 egghead 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 two - inch 1 drunkenness 1 o 1 apparatus 1 housing 1 string 1 mustache 1 heaves 1 infidels 1 kinky 1 psychology 1 cannibal 1 imitation 1 animated 1 notebook 1 fitting 1 buddy 1 apprised 1 apart 1 achieve 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 yessir 1 stretched 1 swirl 1 alert 1 darting 1 corners 1 hotel 1 jowls 1 smoldered 1 cuba 1 trove 1 muckin ' 1 ribbed 1 keeps 1 outskirts 1 drapes 1 1915 1 revelry 1 83 1 drooled 1 desperate 1 friendliness 1 reliably 1 gnawed 1 medication 1 coarse 1 lined 1 grant 1 pompoms 1 ample 1 alongside 1 filling 1 apple 1 despite 1 dramas 1 switched 1 nameless 1 citizen 1 picturing 1 meditating 1 junior 1 wacky 1 temperature 1 lodge 1 constructs 1 minutes 1 panels 1 korea 1 pine 1 powers 1 squelch 1 wicked 1 clover 1 lolled 1 corpsman 1 revisited 1 sympathy 1 michael 1 charge 1 daggers 1 rusty 1 weals 1 toys 1 sandwiches 1 pitchforks 1 false 1 macy 1 inferior 1 facility 1 periodic 1 eels 1 what 're 1 airplanes 1 ill - fitting 1 brewery 1 twenties 1 outburst 1 observed 1 moonbeams 1 uh - hmm 1 ponytail 1 profane 1 spaghetti 1 texas 1 chin 1 indiscretions 1 gettin ' 1 thicker 1 via 1 whisper 1 kit 1 scorpions 1 syrup 1 owns 1 scars 1 chops 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 fleshy 1 darkest 1 hoarse 1 rail 1 actress 1 gift 1 pumpkins 1 dresses 1 partying 1 indemnity 1 mmm - mm 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 uncles 1 frayed 1 stonily 1 rift 1 planet 1 unhinge 1 carlotta 1 effect 1 revolved 1 bushes 1 ufos 1 backs 1 piano 1 floatin ' 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 jags 1 trying 1 navajo 1 gives 1 southwest 1 entrance 1 blackening 1 bullshit 1 bunks 1 wanders 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 scenic 1 combined 1 chuck 1 hammock 1 yammering 1 play 1 4 1 blanked 1 drifting 1 ribbon 1 thinks 1 wobbly 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 circuits 1 learned 1 migrate 1 robed 1 there ' 1 malicious 1 scab 1 mighty 1 cable 1 distraction 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 spotty 1 flapping 1 proper ' 1 heal 1 ceded 1 accelerate 1 traipsed 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 seal 1 access 1 incredible 1 ol ' 1 board 1 etcetera 1 carrots 1 choked 1 unaccounted 1 chopped 1 latticed 1 advisers 1 grasp 1 activity 1 gooks 1 tissues 1 presence 1 urban 1 fabrication 1 peasant 1 swig 1 dumpster 1 nudged 1 sobered 1 reckon 1 chicks 1 lonely 1 slackened 1 brushfire 1 cow 1 beauty 1 fussy 1 cheyenne 1 virginia 1 mozart 1 snakes 1 sheriff 1 thailand 1 cans 1 stretch 1 grotty 1 solemnly 1 grafted 1 western 1 faced 1 cabbage 1 nipples 1 skimmed 1 mastermind 1 quart 1 bonus 1 jesse 1 surging 1 bijou 1 rosebushes 1 abundance 1 scavengers 1 beard 1 dagger 1 doubtless 1 ubiquitous 1 browning 1 barrel 1 meeting 1 geography 1 varying 1 12 1 directly 1 gory 1 alaska 1 levitate 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 maverick 1 nests 1 unstoppable 1 companion 1 swiped 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 engines 1 visions 1 tits - up 1 african 1 contact 1 famous 1 bearers 1 muertos 1 slippers 1 plane 1 wrestler 1 sizzle 1 quaaludes 1 seek 1 spider 1 sylvester 1 lavey 's 1 forcing 1 wrenched 1 barkin ' 1 forsythia 1 hunted 1 hung - over 1 fighting 1 pronounce 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 chick 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 respecting 1 tea 1 elocution 1 men 's 1 1927 1 surfing 1 half - finished 1 four - star 1 plinth 1 adrenalized 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 paragraphs 1 settlement 1 magician 1 widows 1 pouring 1 empire 1 yourself 1 proposed 1 farewell 1 frills 1 passion 1 unwieldy 1 bona 1 era 1 unclear 1 smellin ' 1 ransacked 1 rattlesnakes 1 additional 1 canasta 1 oil - stained 1 tickled 1 stare 1 rambled 1 tapped 1 twinkled 1 bustin ' 1 wrangling 1 trench 1 repressed 1 loaned 1 correspondence 1 chicanery 1 sneering 1 reformed 1 absently 1 spiel 1 whirring 1 pangs 1 freezing 1 turkey 1 admiring 1 whipping 1 curled 1 slug 1 clusters 1 hutchison 1 grief 1 shout 1 ahem 1 gunner 1 watery 1 ankles 1 wonderful 1 croaked 1 ceremonial 1 biology 1 tiger - striped 1 quarters 1 hector 1 off - duty 1 impossibly 1 spoiled 1 grace 1 plus 1 necking 1 brillo 1 askin ' 1 yelm 1 quaked 1 denial 1 cup 1 gadgets 1 skins 1 zippo 1 peering 1 emergo 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 pattered 1 poger 1 bopped 1 laugh 1 arrange 1 magicians 1 sponge 1 mom 1 rotted 1 countless 1 sadistic 1 indicated 1 vow 1 threw 1 nebulas 1 power 1 self - made 1 gangrenous 1 traitorous 1 sneered 1 period 1 coop 1 strong - arm 1 inexorably 1 claim 1 heh 1 calming 1 deposits 1 pads 1 forbidden 1 mansion 1 mummy 1 players 1 flick 1 thy 1 stroking 1 groovy 1 sluice 1 plants 1 policeman 's 1 heavies 1 grating 1 exotic 1 adaptation 1 bend 1 patted 1 downed 1 aunt 1 speaking 1 cortez 1 argentina 1 systems 1 inherited 1 might ' ve 1 grip 1 sticking 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 add 1 surgery 1 essentials 1 swell 1 including 1 control 1 sue 1 rugged 1 clotted 1 bureau 1 february 1 revolves 1 mit 1 5 1 blankets 1 barb 1 kick 1 happens 1 content 1 phalluses 1 crypts 1 treads 1 peacock 1 timely 1 pussy 1 1926 1 wife 's 1 frowning 1 rolodex 1 agree 1 boston 1 fellas 1 transport 1 solely 1 festered 1 pill- 1 sifted 1 create 1 below 1 altered 1 vans 1 o'clock 1 lamb 's 1 pitying 1 shaped 1 gut 1 pinafore 1 critically 1 communion 1 adventure 1 grade 1 stalling 1 eerily 1 cultist 1 unannounced 1 methods 1 1947 1 shroud 1 nonstop 1 squeaked 1 prototype 1 t 1 latrine 1 laying 1 futility 1 sad 1 duration 1 american - controlled 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 shitting 1 mock 1 writing 1 wooly 1 marry 1 whack 1 ticket 1 parkinson 's 1 implements 1 undone 1 loosest 1 naw 1 drunks 1 rising 1 boulders 1 dented 1 corrections 1 suits 1 strangling 1 distinction 1 caller 1 champing 1 relative 1 packet 1 gasping 1 inverse 1 mannequin 1 saucer 1 ignited 1 forms 1 neutral 1 hampton 1 childhood 1 four - point - oh 1 mask 1 precluded 1 scans 1 who 's 1 spirits 1 heartbeat 1 shoved 1 impaired 1 salmon 1 bundle 1 post 1 nifty 1 sprinkling 1 lever 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 gaslight 1 muted 1 paused 1 opposite 1 pins 1 slope 1 oughta 1 pack 1 cistern 1 heaving 1 connection 1 closest 1 listening 1 mayor 1 procured 1 definition 1 spanish 1 bang 1 polka 1 prowlers 1 mesmerized 1 condensation 1 breathed 1 tumor 1 swedish 1 slobbering 1 sculptures 1 beast 1 amongst 1 regis 1 clinic 1 wild - eyed 1 middleweight 1 opener 1 monthly 1 bulldozer 1 prairie 1 highlights 1 joint 1 replied 1 alternate 1 hapless 1 lengthy 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 horse 's 1 cooking 1 promotion 1 mysteries 1 manufacturer 1 husky 1 chock 1 wheezy 1 1895 1 coverall 1 unlit 1 winding 1 pick 1 upward 1 ambience 1 dyed - in - the - wool 1 discussing 1 grudgingly 1 tear 1 broadly 1 13 1 distinguish 1 graves 1 relics 1 saved 1 effects 1 healed 1 drained 1 newly 1 crumbling 1 date 1 oriental 1 anxieties 1 implication 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 install 1 leaded 1 wit 1 antibiotics 1 pistols 1 happening 1 crazy - mean 1 flesh - tone 1 shades 1 elevating 1 solitary 1 brings 1 high - tech 1 crusty 1 lind 1 beloved 1 stoli 1 closing 1 doomed 1 ambitious 1 15 1 battles 1 nip 1 jangling 1 isolated 1 sofa 1 model 1 national 1 ma 1 reserve 1 spooked 1 stand 1 streamers 1 neighbors 1 fist 1 undulating 1 blackberry 1 doorjamb 1 staid 1 addressed 1 stainless 1 explain 1 beginning 1 mid-'60s 1 rilled 1 knotty 1 highly 1 rifles 1 husbands 1 similarly 1 essay - worthy 1 briton 1 strictly 1 genial 1 musta 1 bums 1 wheat 1 peckers 1 futile 1 sooner 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 supervisor 1 clark 1 driver 's 1 double - headed 1 tiered 1 eerie 1 bluff 1 proper 1 places 1 slight 1 rice 1 encouragement 1 smog 1 midwest 1 imposition 1 45 1 safely 1 attract 1 sailed 1 slip 1 injuries 1 lean 1 belts 1 blow 1 fabricated 1 primal 1 grieving 1 articles 1 prove 1 entertain 1 reputation 1 altar 1 hold - ups 1 disposed 1 graced 1 stalks 1 cart 1 bellevue 1 sauna 1 hymn 1 episodes 1 animal 1 guessed 1 formed 1 unusual 1 opaque 1 closet 1 trace 1 earned 1 extra 1 touched 1 bonfire 1 hinges 1 candlelit 1 goods 1 motto 1 wimpy 1 yards 1 snufalupagus 1 sun - dried 1 caw - ca - caw 1 groove 1 purple 1 spooky 1 toy 1 sucks 1 nicked 1 densely 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 trussed 1 crows 1 charity 1 clump 1 pseudo - honeymoon 1 campers 1 citizens 1 castle 1 dynamite 1 seat 1 henhouse 1 boredom 1 pistol - whipping 1 evident 1 hinky 1 faithful 1 aspera 1 malaysia 1 carousel 1 wandering 1 raising 1 tellin ' 1 lucrative 1 dawned 1 wally - dear 1 half - expected 1 ramming 1 bengal 1 everybody 1 kicker 1 waved 1 cemetery 1 pistol 1 butts 1 deck 1 reshaping 1 triangle 1 sledgehammer 1 bakkers 1 med 1 circulatin ' 1 budge 1 speaker 1 defeat 1 remains 1 tactical 1 morass 1 salute 1 tales 1 hotels 1 murky 1 faltered 1 movement 1 lazy 1 baroque 1 removed 1 varnished 1 cadence 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 violent 1 pixilated 1 noggin 1 godofbloatchemoshbaalpeeorbelphegor 1 luxury 1 demon 1 kelp 1 kindergartner 1 acquire 1 strain 1 nosed 1 calaban 1 separated 1 get - go 1 types 1 accepting 1 apex 1 monitor 1 rested 1 abroad 1 zigzag 1 hicks 1 land 's 1 puhlease 1 parlors 1 memories 1 revolvers 1 hunt 1 credit 1 determine 1 undulation 1 steadied 1 become 1 snapped 1 fuss 1 reams 1 motions 1 disavowed 1 burned 1 meds 1 louder 1 perfume 1 v - j 1 dental 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 cherry 1 hairspray 1 texture 1 buddies 1 pitched 1 pleased 1 assistance 1 swing 1 chose 1 stares 1 lead 1 leaves 1 caution 1 glaciers 1 shivered 1 receded 1 discipline 1 sip 1 wishes 1 phlegm 1 comic 1 resemblance 1 black - and - white 1 governor 's 1 blueprints 1 shoving 1 glittering 1 mustard - yellow 1 blackjack 1 unhappy 1 whisked 1 spouting 1 whose 1 ditty 1 sandwich 1 apples 1 photographic 1 cd 1 depicting 1 pillows 1 backward - slanting 1 coagulation 1 america 1 anarchist 1 collaboration 1 poker 1 encourage 1 engineering 1 slowed 1 scheme 1 lodged 1 complacent 1 bound 1 chauffeur 1 uncle 1 attorney - at - law 1 leg 1 october 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 reported 1 butted 1 fall 1 bowels 1 peruvian 1 terror 1 camel 1 tarot 1 pinching 1 docks 1 naturally 1 avocations 1 ineffable 1 happenin 's 1 conducted 1 superconductor 1 thoughtful 1 bayonet 1 transylvanian 1 featureless 1 patriarch 1 landscaped 1 shelled 1 forever 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 refuses 1 hanford 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 devil 's 1 specifically 1 army 1 movers 1 sprang 1 sadness 1 eyeballing 1 leaden 1 enjoyed 1 microcosm 1 slyness 1 peeled 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 plushest 1 shakes 1 dumb 1 africa 1 circuit 1 ducking 1 court 1 milled 1 razed 1 clientele 1 backed 1 orphaned 1 introspection 1 progress 1 minor 1 lovers 1 sleepy 1 high - stakes 1 structures 1 elizabeth 1 reeled 1 performin ' 1 civilized 1 clanging 1 evolve 1 rolls 1 tropical 1 perturb 1 membranous 1 oh - so - cozy 1 countries 1 thermostat 1 towel 1 anti - mirror 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 bucks 1 appearances 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 intermarried 1 tuna 1 block 1 achilles ' 1 accompanied 1 why 'd 1 regards 1 grow 1 double 1 distinctly 1 sum 1 hoeing 1 edgy 1 hallucinatory 1 dabbing 1 greek 1 muscle 1 hardly 1 fumed 1 brief 1 crushed 1 array 1 dad 's 1 estimated 1 scowling 1 denture - perfect 1 steeped 1 streaks 1 allowed 1 what - have - you 1 site 1 net 1 we ' ve 1 gobi 1 laboratory 1 arcane 1 moped 1 walrus 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 remind 1 worst 1 slugs 1 marbles 1 barbwire 1 wizard 1 witness 1 shucks 1 imagined 1 gardener 1 knuckle 1 disney 1 badger 1 cubes 1 stalwart 1 stew 1 fluttered 1 wasps ' 1 abomination 's 1 afflicted 1 thousand 1 foul 1 avant - garde 1 craggy 1 nights 1 reasons 1 gatherings 1 half - dozen 1 miners 1 heel 1 witch 1 hem 1 run - of - the - mill 1 migrated 1 developments 1 marine 1 hiccupping 1 amassing 1 provoked 1 carted 1 magnet 1 remarkably 1 combed 1 thickened 1 joints 1 barbs 1 steer 1 homegrown 1 manmade 1 foyer 1 satanist 1 clawed 1 1954 1 emphasis 1 infection 1 tore 1 moon 1 vertical 1 nonetheless 1 usually 1 sewage 1 tar 1 lispy 1 churning 1 skimpy 1 lassitude 1 slouched 1 waltz 1 coughed 1 walker 1 doodads 1 timber 1 mandarin 1 popular 1 numbers 1 bulbs 1 caddy 1 ruins 1 fide 1 digger 1 feels 1 traffic 1 yorker 1 shocking 1 death - warmed - over 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 no - go 1 entrenched 1 benchwarmer 1 bandaged 1 livid 1 students 1 locally 1 reassured 1 rash 1 guy 's 1 countered 1 hennessy 1 recovered 1 retired 1 scabs 1 markers 1 folds 1 christmases 1 breed 1 cries 1 fantastic 1 denim 1 pitch 1 converted 1 y'might 1 illegitimate 1 steam 1 homestead 1 reserved 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 sensual 1 sharpened 1 buzzer 1 indispensable 1 putrescence 1 masonic 1 involving 1 litter 1 witches 1 weeks 1 epicenter 1 cider 1 tower 1 cars 1 formula 1 horizon 1 umbrella 1 wattage 1 leery 1 convolutions 1 increased 1 frequent 1 pop - eyed 1 pretend 1 frames 1 profs 1 domes 1 approached 1 weapons 1 haunting 1 grandma 's 1 disgusted 1 elongated 1 hanger 1 flanks 1 food 1 knick - knacks 1 vision 1 squishing 1 dray 1 cloth 1 warps 1 bits 1 one - time 1 bright 1 satan 1 flowed 1 rut 1 summer 1 titters 1 barked 1 aquarium 1 waste 1 push 1 bypass 1 precise 1 hand - sewn 1 hollowness 1 butlery 1 whiskey 1 populated 1 finest 1 jameson 1 operate 1 labor 1 license 1 extra - wide 1 bags 1 periphery 1 knot 1 evolution 1 sorcerer 1 explanation 1 prying 1 7 1 w - what 1 scholarship 1 tool 1 undersea 1 twittered 1 mount 1 unkind 1 impressive 1 doubled 1 sinews 1 snoqualmie 1 night 's 1 overrun 1 barn - b - barn 1 kamikaze 1 charred 1 orders 1 courted 1 staph 1 hong 1 pissed 1 alarm 1 complained 1 fragile 1 vaguely 1 massaged 1 tramping 1 aged 1 rimless 1 amazement 1 bosom 1 alcohol - fueled 1 something 's 1 duties 1 thewed 1 buncha 1 shining 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 nabbed 1 comforter 1 official 1 inattentiveness 1 solve 1 securing 1 ad 1 willies 1 link 1 grilled - in 1 lingered 1 bric - a - bracs 1 chat 1 thatcher 1 heating 1 leaks 1 airlifted 1 snowshoes 1 parlor 1 judgment 1 conical 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 northwestern 1 macabre 1 trash 1 expert 1 female 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 carter 1 bolted 1 incident 1 attack 1 regenerative 1 biblical 1 reeked 1 amalgam 1 prehistoric 1 dandelions 1 hardy 1 urge 1 nylon 1 intermittent 1 worshipers 1 dose 1 visited 1 motive 1 two - headed 1 supersymmetry 1 filaments 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 saturated 1 chaos 1 braids 1 adams ' 1 cotter 1 transferred 1 albino 1 brushloads 1 assure 1 haggard 1 morphine 1 demerol 1 squat 1 rounds 1 payback 1 wolf 1 slapping 1 centered 1 tackle 1 lunged 1 controlled 1 mood 1 rustling 1 stale 1 youngsters 1 x - ray 1 draped 1 furiously 1 legendary 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 oddly 1 frying 1 problems 1 numero 1 kirlian 1 lowered 1 engineer 1 hysteria 1 inched 1 pyre 1 ovo 1 elks 1 sections 1 reed 1 tripping 1 companies 1 1967 1 accessory 1 wasps 1 chemical - rich 1 beans 1 vienna 1 comprehension 1 crippled 1 seesawed 1 prohibitive 1 bow 1 signature 1 happenstance 1 gobs 1 inhalation 1 cinders 1 legible 1 elf 1 viciousness 1 intact 1 darted 1 radar 1 sonsofbitches 1 crackling 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 hallucinating 1 magnum 1 sharpness 1 subordinates 1 lookin ' 1 yapped 1 serrated 1 telemarketer 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 generator 1 brouhaha 1 washroom 1 frog 1 razzle - dazzle 1 glad 1 brit 1 hatched 1 helmut 1 spikes 1 tire 1 commanded 1 donated 1 babbling 1 written 1 unable 1 rap 1 dude 1 bullets 1 gritted 1 completed 1 buddha 1 coors 1 suffered 1 obtained 1 nickel - plated 1 tearing 1 wants 1 splinted 1 solemn 1 blitzed 1 apparently 1 multi - tiered 1 big - game 1 off - key 1 recessed 1 myself 1 echoed 1 headlock 1 proceeding 1 jellyfish 1 steiners 1 smartest 1 grains 1 painting 1 how 'd 1 dope 1 waaay 1 skips 1 high - class 1 sandy 1 acted 1 wear 1 stony 1 357 1 acuity 1 filigreed 1 pastures 1 loops 1 echoes 1 dollars 1 johnsons 1 lattice 1 legal 1 pegboard 1 statue 1 nuptials 1 diapers 1 trusted 1 fleeing 1 level 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 coupled 1 resistant 1 slap 1 yellowstone 1 youth 1 monogrammed 1 star - winner 1 threshing 1 perfectly 1 bicep 1 straightened 1 waded 1 puppy 1 wasted 1 apathy 1 waterlogged 1 indefatigable 1 they ' ve 1 lowed 1 troubled 1 yokel 1 shy 1 wits 1 studded 1 lawmakers 1 vandyke 1 dodged 1 doom 1 triple 1 craned 1 laureate 1 corner 1 reishi 1 cocktail 1 brother 's 1 aides 1 gourd 1 experimental 1 apace 1 mother 1 honor 1 beaming 1 industries 1 other 's 1 delivery 1 gnawing 1 nationalities 1 windup 1 leash 1 sixteen 1 gregarious 1 leered 1 glitter 1 originally 1 astra 1 limp 1 egregiously 1 screeched 1 unpleasant 1 slackly 1 nor 1 responsible 1 looks 1 sneak 1 wander 1 pinewood 1 predicting 1 reached 1 tracked 1 swarthy 1 hairline 1 argue 1 beef 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 must ' ve 1 transitions 1 finance 1 straw 1 socials 1 chandelier 1 fashion 1 esophageal 1 genuflection 1 quickly 1 bleakly 1 movie - star 1 trailing 1 moving 1 spur 1 muckety - mucks 1 promises 1 crapped 1 rushed 1 quivered 1 twenty - first 1 anywhere 1 splayed 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 undergrad 1 daylight 1 hitch 1 boor 1 mounted 1 sign 1 perimeter 1 ought 1 chucked 1 confessed 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 thirty 1 influence 1 pornography 1 flytraps 1 floating 1 stashed 1 madmen 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 puppets 1 snares 1 resolve 1 unmade 1 magically 1 bumpin ' 1 step 1 mesh 1 balloon 1 stress 1 neurotic 1 confiscated 1 brushed 1 skipped 1 sunken 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 rag 1 tradition 1 patriarchs 1 dodgers 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 crowded 1 thereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfillthereisaholenomancanfill 1 fouled 1 obliterating 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 trap 1 bacterial 1 bulb 1 pimply 1 paunch 1 pull 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 plodded 1 dread 1 robbin ' 1 divide 1 sinister 1 gait 1 keyholes 1 speculation 1 color 1 stitches 1 prodigy 1 hurled 1 watered 1 mindless 1 discounting 1 crowned 1 florid 1 reading 1 distanced 1 axe - handle 1 farmin ' 1 android 1 adventures 1 superconducting 1 youngish 1 expectations 1 jumpsuits 1 mitigated 1 translucence 1 shelf 1 briars 1 moines 1 suing 1 snaky 1 enfolded 1 blooms 1 aerospace 1 palpable 1 shabby 1 chestnut - paneled 1 betcha 1 rn 1 twenty - mile - long 1 theoretical 1 inevitable 1 refrigerator 1 tacked 1 railroad 1 witch 's 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 backseat 1 loading 1 purple - black 1 ivory 1 louise 1 gruffly 1 screams 1 screening 1 sonny 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 trophies 1 unspeakable 1 constellations 1 shutting 1 books 1 doolittle 1 hosiery 1 baked 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 luctor 1 talkin ' 1 preposterously 1 baritone 1 spoken 1 scion 1 buckles 1 wings 1 circled 1 vain 1 garb 1 surrounded 1 ponder 1 stepped 1 capabilities 1 goat 1 cursed 1 patio 1 cons 1 paint 1 snap 1 conveyed 1 bracketed 1 champagne 1 psychedelic 1 jostled 1 granite 1 prospect 1 contacted 1 fish - black 1 successful 1 sandals 1 handily 1 minimal 1 technician 1 headed 1 decaying 1 isolation 1 shrieked 1 ate 1 cupped 1 jacob 's 1 ivy - covered 1 comrades 1 unfaithful 1 unseasonably 1 gardener 's 1 rankled 1 imperial - era 1 fiddled 1 throughout 1 clammy 1 landowner 1 acknowledging 1 awhile 1 ab 1 reign 1 spinning 1 sang 1 general 1 century 1 tent 1 spelled 1 bourbon 1 agreed 1 manure 1 lovely 1 phrase 1 lobbyist 1 subsided 1 five 1 confusion 1 clock 1 closer 1 senses 1 cavernous 1 granddaughter 1 cathedral 1 semi - valuable 1 pointy 1 heightened 1 gently 1 bedtime 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 adult 1 sidelines 1 crow 1 seem 1 whispers 1 flowing 1 falls 1 interviewed 1 elephants 1 clung 1 schematics 1 well - digger 's 1 raucously 1 babies 1 organisms 1 souvenirs 1 vineland 1 eats 1 tunnel 1 tendons 1 contours 1 cookbook 1 sneaked 1 terminated 1 unearthed 1 blank 1 boss ' 1 boars 1 expense 1 acting 1 tube - feeding 1 social 1 bloom 1 suet 1 helped 1 hunter 1 modern 1 pathetic 1 bees 1 kennedy 1 lines 1 lampposts 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 goddesses 1 glinted 1 overtones 1 photographing 1 ballooned 1 subatomic 1 hypermutation 1 minus 1 paddy 1 whizz - bang 1 greener 1 remembrance 1 favored 1 extremities 1 bloodshot 1 kiln 1 spirit 1 involvement 1 thumbed 1 mattocks 1 investigation 1 certainty 1 obsidian 1 foolishness 1 jew 1 cavalry 1 traces 1 uppers 1 gawk 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 strikes 1 visitors 1 fart 1 where 'd 1 glom 1 yeats 1 imploded 1 greed 1 assholes 1 latest 1 works 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 genius 1 calves 1 residence 1 thirst 1 peaceful 1 mornin ' 1 sadly 1 nauseated 1 praised 1 divorces 1 butter 1 instincts 1 dour 1 listen 1 unfiltered 1 spectrum 1 things - to - do 1 foundation 1 improvements 1 metals 1 cranky 1 swanky 1 hips 1 revolver 1 marconi 1 jacket 1 floorboards 1 underground 1 hugged 1 informed 1 flyin ' 1 aborigines 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 repair 1 fountain 1 scientists 1 jd 1 standard 1 trousers 1 community 1 pair 1 deed 1 feared 1 success 1 leap 1 carbines 1 rotor 1 handwriting 1 vases 1 cigs 1 freakishly 1 lantern 1 implicated 1 appearance 1 keyhole 1 h 1 quaint 1 destroy 1 seriously 1 feces 1 ramrod 1 chopping 1 structure 917 .
proboscis - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 proboscis 544 the 320 a 281 and 217 i 192 of 160 to 156 was 129 in 108 my 77 on 74 with 71 it 68 me 60 he 56 for 53 that 46 you 44 his 41 were 41 from 39 as 39 had 39 at 34 said 33 an 30 what 29 cruz 29 her 28 by 28 they 26 or 26 if 26 hart 23 she 23 this 23 like 22 one 22 did n't 21 but 21 been 20 was n't 20 into 19 up 19 too 19 over 18 some 18 about 16 no 16 we 16 back 16 be 16 there 16 when 16 through 15 got 15 all 15 out 14 even 14 mounds 14 its 14 him 14 know 14 down 13 right 13 where 13 car 12 did 12 more 12 so 12 are 12 i 'd 12 do 12 not 11 something 11 way 11 our 11 george 11 how 11 their 11 time 11 piers 11 face 11 while 10 i ' m 10 after 10 man 10 them 10 hand 10 door 9 rob 9 would 9 who 9 just 9 much 9 only 9 yeah 9 road 9 off 9 couple 9 then 9 here 9 could n't 9 see 8 going 8 behind 8 he 'd 8 cruz 's 8 mima 8 girl 8 maybe 8 light 8 because 8 across 8 side 8 around 7 say 7 ai n't 7 do n't 7 went 7 penny 7 heard 7 almost 7 kids 7 okay 7 wanted 7 now 7 chevy 7 few 7 call 7 eyes 7 had n't 7 took 7 still 7 thought 7 looked 7 asked 7 guy 7 which 7 shirt 7 enough 7 us 7 along 6 carly 6 real 6 get 6 they 'd 6 than 6 your 6 other 6 hung 6 well 6 world 6 made 6 turned 6 lot 6 began 6 bit 6 hell 6 nothing 6 home 6 rock 6 long 6 let 6 sylvia 6 shoulder 6 tried 5 ran 5 hear 5 truck 5 show 5 could 5 hair 5 near 5 many 5 kept 5 radio 5 x 5 great 5 smiled 5 woman 5 came 5 hart 's 5 again 5 against 5 mind 5 another 5 row 5 windows 5 waited 5 is 5 cell 5 phone 5 we 'd 5 told 5 hours 5 valise 5 open 5 have 5 caught 5 started 5 miles 5 among 5 trees 5 six 5 yet 5 put 5 myself 5 counter 5 before 4 gone 4 frickin ' 4 ear 4 wheel 4 milk 4 tv 4 bad 4 who 'd 4 hill 4 never 4 coffee 4 cheek 4 those 4 away 4 hush 4 past 4 under 4 button 4 neck 4 piece 4 sure 4 voice 4 any 4 look 4 parking 4 there 's 4 left 4 insects 4 last 4 hit 4 make 4 trailer 4 could ' ve 4 worried 4 hard 4 sound 4 field 4 would n't 4 days 4 place 4 studied 4 front 4 police 4 everything 4 poger 4 old 4 during 4 according 4 station 4 getting 4 ray - bo 4 might 4 legs 4 thanks 4 two 4 close 4 blood 4 cars 4 sun 4 between 4 book 4 beetle 4 friend 4 called 4 window 4 night 4 victoria 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 anything 4 thing 4 high 4 picture 3 dropped 3 belonged 3 cool 3 resembled 3 people 3 really 3 rocks 3 better 3 piers ' 3 grounds 3 recognize 3 set 3 agent 3 white 3 nasty 3 russell 3 scotch 3 want 3 gas 3 talking 3 little 3 passed 3 gave 3 bug 3 brother 3 buildings 3 follow 3 chest 3 slumped 3 creek 3 someone 3 whole 3 would ' ve 3 regarding 3 parked 3 seen 3 blind 3 park 3 probably 3 less 3 decided 3 paper 3 next 3 toward 3 uh 3 big 3 middle 3 film 3 handed 3 glass 3 engine 3 inside 3 somebody 3 seemed 3 except 3 nobody 3 washington 3 broken 3 reports 3 office 3 news 3 stood 3 remember 3 comanche 3 also 3 cut 3 coming 3 broom 3 camera 3 catch 3 floated 3 dirt 3 dying 3 guys 3 clouds 3 mean 3 brain 3 perhaps 3 trying 3 shrugged 3 knew 3 nature 3 south 3 things 3 somethin ' 3 bar 3 smiling 3 line 3 olympia 3 earth 3 lunch 3 although 3 black 3 ticket 3 details 3 talk 3 dog 3 directions 3 blue 3 drive 3 happening 3 moment 3 static 3 blackberry 3 sky 3 mouth 3 we 're 3 cold 3 stared 3 seat 3 answer 3 signs 3 hands 3 bark 3 driver 3 thinking 3 wan na 3 three 3 court 3 jumped 3 skin 3 moon 3 tight 3 were n't 3 exactly 3 hey 3 loose 3 friends 3 beer 3 pocket 3 faded 3 pulled 3 tone 3 actor 3 taxi 3 canadians 3 pale 3 idea 3 slightly 3 laughed 3 tourist 3 point 3 take 3 impossible 3 finally 3 drove 3 ray 3 either 3 walked 3 tell 3 fired 3 name 3 buried 3 head 3 latest 3 she 'd 3 click - click 3 years 3 scene 2 swarm 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 america 's 2 matter 2 goddamned 2 local 2 fish 2 exec 2 breath 2 fresh 2 figured 2 serious 2 keep 2 em 2 adores 2 feeding 2 la 2 already 2 cracks 2 um 2 deal 2 waitress 2 happy 2 buford 2 smacked 2 capture 2 missed 2 polite 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 shut 2 witnessed 2 concrete 2 doing 2 go 2 universe 2 tree 2 third 2 geological 2 casting 2 edges 2 batteries 2 c'm on 2 stuff 2 haplotype 2 late 2 we 'll 2 marriage 2 portland 2 rolled 2 entire 2 hillocks 2 sea 2 delicacy 2 he 's 2 fat 2 god 2 surprised 2 wearing 2 lips 2 college 2 wrong 2 dark 2 remaining 2 german 2 fast 2 peeling 2 gate 2 kiosk 2 running 2 man 's 2 beyond 2 rickety 2 picked 2 suggested 2 kinda 2 canada 2 later 2 ucla 2 dear 2 metal 2 proboscis 2 shit 2 features 2 goes 2 notice 2 motion 2 angle 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 soon 2 theory 2 george 's 2 without 2 pictures 2 wounded 2 definitely 2 interested 2 shadows 2 wave 2 kind 2 new 2 finger 2 inspector 2 rubbed 2 bounty 2 certified 2 money 2 anyone 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 most 2 stop 2 stolid 2 rang 2 platform 2 explained 2 plates 2 ached 2 good 2 state 2 fly 2 least 2 depending 2 collapsed 2 tasted 2 skull 2 stuck 2 bus 2 everywhere 2 themselves 2 harry 2 movies 2 impression 2 wake 2 adored 2 music 2 else 2 likely 2 racing 2 course 2 paved 2 glanced 2 boys 2 university 2 loud 2 monument 2 view 2 sucked 2 forest 2 tavern 2 cab 2 none 2 followed 2 strange 2 abandoned 2 air 2 cops 2 moony 's 2 various 2 keening 2 lion 2 crying 2 norway 2 donnie 2 managed 2 proved 2 girlfriend 2 best 2 having 2 pressure 2 far 2 donkey 2 mess 2 damp 2 shot 2 pink 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 realized 2 caused 2 ruined 2 slacks 2 such 2 played 2 guess 2 falling 2 forth 2 teeth 2 closed 2 o 2 lem me 2 buddy 2 throat 2 use 2 despite 2 shiny 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 distant 2 ice 2 pointed 2 nearby 2 returned 2 root 2 grinned 2 greasy 2 bullshit 2 basque 2 imagine 2 lights 2 activity 2 lots 2 ladies 2 flesh 2 ended 2 check 2 certain 2 aldon 2 occasionally 2 clipped 2 heads 2 utterly 2 think 2 johnny 2 harvest 2 era 2 pointing 2 does 2 coop 2 wondered 2 british 2 patted 2 flutter 2 might ' ve 2 let 's 2 unless 2 mostly 2 fingers 2 frowning 2 anyway 2 adventure 2 darkness 2 stirred 2 bro ' 2 lady 2 jar 2 dented 2 pressed 2 slope 2 connection 2 whatever 2 playback 2 oh 2 feet 2 bag 2 somewhere 2 life 2 subject 2 odd 2 pushed 2 junk 2 fist 2 brand 2 yanked 2 map 2 dull 2 california 2 ago 2 observation 2 niro 2 trick 2 girls 2 unusual 2 primitive 2 hood 2 own 2 associates 2 run 2 frame 2 built 2 bones 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 several 2 black - and - white 2 unhappy 2 answering 2 border 2 america 2 slowed 2 bastards 2 latin 2 professor 2 silence 2 goin ' 2 block 2 shots 2 considered 2 photos 2 direction 2 will 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 usually 2 blinking 2 nice 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 percent 2 stars 2 partition 2 stuffed 2 fifteen 2 de 2 tired 2 assassin 2 columbia 2 weeks 2 civil 2 deep 2 ya 2 felt 2 same 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 ass 2 official 2 asian 2 rostrum 2 though 2 secret 2 am 2 pattern 2 eastern 2 cameras 2 path 2 since 2 ever 2 dunno 2 that 'd 2 wooden 2 himself 2 lost 2 always 2 watched 2 dude 2 species 2 crash 2 ready 2 tiny 2 legal 2 vehicle 2 garden 2 says 2 wasted 2 corner 2 broad 2 muddy 2 evergreen 2 used 2 story 2 press 2 sneak 2 ground 2 beneath 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 haplogroup 2 fashion 2 festival 2 scratched 2 posted 2 sign 2 instead 2 ask 2 low 2 cigarette 2 fell 2 read 2 patio 2 paint 2 wore 2 photographs 2 these 2 heavy 2 greyhound 2 five 2 glance 2 street 2 modern 2 completely 2 bees 2 looking 2 simply 2 ride 2 stump 2 huh 2 works 2 stomach 2 bought 2 times 2 scientists 2 pair 2 team 2 saw 1 nape 1 descended 1 issue 1 bonkers 1 diagonal 1 strained 1 farms 1 dubbed 1 hash 1 gray 1 experts 1 medicine 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 satanic 1 threshold 1 corn 1 airplane 1 inarguable 1 expressions 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 geiger 1 curves 1 axles 1 tromp 1 favor 1 miracle 1 bench 1 arc 1 primo 1 superstar 1 injected 1 sheets 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 booth 1 uh - huh 1 terminals 1 giving 1 noting 1 tasers 1 polo 1 tables 1 whoa 1 owned 1 wo n't 1 trouble 1 source 1 bowled 1 risking 1 penalty 1 environs 1 hacked 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hairs 1 jounced 1 drill 1 thumping 1 abiding 1 eligible 1 parade 1 daydreams 1 cooked 1 danced 1 honorary 1 p 1 los 1 begging 1 drunk 1 stone 1 swath 1 unwashed 1 panel 1 breeding 1 mutilations 1 differently 1 mediterranean 1 saying 1 fumes 1 dripped 1 castrati 1 fold 1 laxative 1 esophagus 1 position 1 subprocessor 1 holding 1 bragging 1 americans 1 table 1 green 1 listings 1 yellow 1 crammed 1 sylvie 1 midlife 1 bounded 1 vast 1 spat 1 two - lane 1 anti - democrat 1 motherland 1 country 1 torch 1 job 1 streak 1 expression 1 pro - gun 1 organic 1 saint 1 speculate 1 narrowed 1 lineage 1 one - star 1 research 1 burial 1 tee - shirts 1 bring 1 that 's 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 lid 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 locations 1 spied 1 relived 1 erratically 1 beetle 's 1 alcove 1 debacle 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 regular 1 pass 1 squinted 1 eating 1 creation 1 dinero 1 gregorian 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 anxious 1 underage 1 funk 1 passengers 1 object 1 sticks 1 existence 1 argyle 1 slavic 1 mumble 1 rhythmic 1 tumbled 1 tell'ya 1 dish 1 dense 1 boy 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 planning 1 dogshit 1 haunted 1 academic 1 radio - controlled 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 hot 1 reagan 's 1 self 1 frightful 1 belong 1 dad 1 character 1 smear 1 grateful 1 foreign 1 rather 1 hand - cam 1 whitewashed 1 plain 1 scrawny 1 bleeding 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 volume 1 distorted 1 van 1 warbles 1 pinwheeled 1 marijuana 1 bottles 1 key 1 fried 1 foot 1 rob 's 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 gargoyle 1 monks 1 die 1 knife 1 becoming 1 cook 1 iceberg 1 construction 1 brake 1 sorcery 1 natural 1 2 1 humming 1 card 1 nope 1 creepers 1 grey 1 mom - and - pop 1 cotton 1 staggered 1 stray 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 prisoner 1 coed 1 psychos 1 hungry 1 spoiling 1 mucho 1 lane 1 brochure 1 astronauts 1 intervening 1 inherit 1 season 1 grille 1 mercifully 1 blame 1 featured 1 listened 1 erased 1 reared 1 glint 1 tie 1 bullet - raddled 1 melted 1 coils 1 depot 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 jobs 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 calculate 1 shoot 1 silent 1 genes 1 frustrated 1 trapped 1 action 1 starred 1 brightly 1 long - overdue 1 scripts 1 bumper 1 bare 1 disconnected 1 flashes 1 incipient 1 braked 1 turning 1 planned 1 scrum 1 coax 1 waffle 1 amok 1 alpha - alpha 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 chanting 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 molded 1 thrown 1 entomologist 1 dusk 1 crap 1 astonished 1 succumbed 1 hock 1 spilled 1 cadillac 1 dare 1 match 1 dewdrop 1 knowledgeable 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 damned 1 wow 1 riding 1 angular 1 series 1 dilapidated 1 vintage 1 nervous 1 canucks 1 alone 1 marathons 1 retribution 1 j 1 gulf 1 mailboxes 1 questions 1 splashed 1 unsteady 1 farce 1 munching 1 wonders 1 slew 1 cough 1 parole 1 illusions 1 brick 1 dirty 1 broached 1 fortune 1 clearing 1 writhing 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 possible 1 thingy 1 diner 1 feedback 1 fluids 1 hunky - dory 1 poured 1 bud 1 penis 1 turn 1 iron 1 monologue 1 roiled 1 agricultural 1 letters 1 convicted 1 dumbly 1 irons 1 lacked 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 appealing 1 bickering 1 rocker 1 moments 1 grandfather 's 1 crouched 1 nerve 1 shag 1 decrepit 1 accepted 1 mudslides 1 waistband 1 jump 1 end 1 pagan 1 urged 1 reach 1 purely 1 rust - red 1 europeans 1 discern 1 violence 1 butt 1 envelope 1 admonishment 1 counters 1 technology 1 reassure 1 endless 1 suspected 1 unwholesome 1 ankle 1 image 1 shrines 1 chambray 1 chair 1 squeals 1 footage 1 order 1 bravado 1 arrow 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 data 1 highway 1 gust 1 camouflage 1 etiquette 1 glovebox 1 whistled 1 gleamed 1 draining 1 stylish 1 doctored 1 lancelot 1 d 1 hitchhikers 1 challenged 1 teenage 1 beady 1 eggs 1 rhino 1 screwing 1 repeat 1 eternal 1 yo 1 indigestion 1 birthday 1 disappointed 1 smoke 1 npr 1 collectively 1 child 1 crummy 1 comfort 1 jolted 1 onto 1 returning 1 steep 1 time 's 1 burst 1 phones 1 jersey 1 cooled 1 flung 1 reviewed 1 mum 1 pal 1 sugar 1 boots 1 spaces 1 snort 1 nose 1 corpse - slack 1 sloe - eyed 1 tripped 1 vertebrae 1 mulled 1 expensive 1 boondocks 1 illuminated 1 scuttle 1 leisurely 1 rasp 1 grit 1 snuff 1 spattered 1 lying 1 cutting 1 absurd 1 diorama 1 calls 1 firewood 1 fields 1 geology 1 profile 1 shiver 1 special 1 convoluted 1 brambles 1 kidnaper 1 voices 1 prettier 1 loudly 1 busted 1 admirers 1 leaning 1 changed 1 father 1 crept 1 shed 1 accidentally 1 audience 1 thresholds 1 flailing 1 handles 1 humpbacked 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 corrugated 1 forward 1 hoped 1 beat 1 tempted 1 compared 1 nuts 1 swirled 1 welcome 1 detour 1 marks 1 ten 1 insides 1 sake 1 stools 1 method 1 choir 1 regulars 1 prey 1 flip - flops 1 island 1 blob 1 fence 1 report 1 authorities 1 fuzzy 1 utopian 1 b - movie 1 passenger 1 sipping 1 desert 1 orchids 1 migration 1 3 1 information 1 plane 's 1 lemmesee 1 hat 1 hare 1 delivered 1 mountains 1 scads 1 dappled 1 roster 1 quietly 1 ugly 1 fatter 1 part 1 gal 1 fact 1 hola 1 piss - stained 1 ungainly 1 knows 1 brutes 1 fists 1 basket 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 dribble 1 garbage 1 robot 1 flags 1 expos 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 recall 1 patches 1 crush 1 commercials 1 disturb 1 coffin 1 festooned 1 clunk 1 mother 's 1 welted 1 pasture 1 uninhabited 1 west 1 traced 1 marking 1 sparkled 1 screen 1 cleared 1 convinced 1 blackballed 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 ranks 1 thickets 1 tobacco 1 enthusiastically 1 maze 1 joke 1 exclamation 1 filmmaker 1 purring 1 attitude 1 shortcuts 1 pen 1 criminals 1 extravaganza 1 feast 1 receiver 1 tall 1 fixed 1 accent 1 sloughing 1 textbook 1 received 1 fanciful 1 hi 1 sunrise 1 agrarian 1 proctors 1 cuffs 1 portraits 1 time ' 1 pickups 1 fluorescent 1 tricky 1 seein ' 1 science 1 crowd 1 cheeks 1 m 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 palm 1 robust 1 worry 1 scraped 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 shimmering 1 younger 1 mob 1 applied 1 fabric 1 eat 1 liked 1 looped 1 plunge 1 cat 1 throngs 1 liquor 1 ahead 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 instructions 1 squeezed 1 whatch 1 joining 1 certainly 1 middle - aged 1 vacuous 1 clothes 1 gourds 1 playing 1 narrowing 1 flickered 1 busy 1 dedication 1 brush 1 missing 1 suspect 1 strings 1 airspace 1 syringes 1 barely 1 smoldering 1 keen 1 peculiar 1 dissipated 1 pursed 1 political 1 phantoms 1 laughing 1 razor 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 floodlights 1 i ' ve 1 fifteen - martini 1 blooming 1 jittering 1 spell 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 disappeared 1 stamped 1 elephant 1 migrations 1 shift 1 hon 1 hardcase 1 dash 1 des 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 ant 1 chittery 1 older 1 passable 1 buzzing 1 flyers 1 hundred 1 why 1 fond 1 consider 1 freeze 1 twitching 1 zombie 1 foam 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 mitochondrial 1 funny 1 specific 1 chlorine 1 drawled 1 critters 1 american 1 toiletries 1 withdrew 1 whirred 1 neighborhood 1 stoplight 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 muttered 1 significance 1 gun 1 drone 1 hurt 1 ash 1 what 's 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 casino 1 pastels 1 masses 1 restroom 1 ex - brother - in - law 1 honking 1 vein 1 g 1 northwest 1 entered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 sweltering 1 scowl 1 powerful 1 rum 1 besides 1 sprinkled 1 actor 's 1 fractured 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 over - glossed 1 acres 1 detachment 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 culture 1 movements 1 genetic 1 have n't 1 worse 1 lone 1 wildly 1 mad 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sex 1 bulletproof 1 doused 1 headline 1 giggling 1 bob 's 1 worth 1 migraine 1 ball 1 chicano 1 gnarled 1 stacked 1 spelling 1 bikers 1 tails 1 whip 1 towards 1 fascination 1 is n't 1 mall 1 upside 1 imp 1 trolling 1 leaned 1 thirsty 1 hitcher 1 three - dee 1 sank 1 screwed 1 evils 1 r 1 fixation 1 preened 1 marker 1 straight 1 early 1 scholarly 1 baby 1 hose 1 shoulda 1 give 1 gardena 1 vendors 1 gaze 1 materializing 1 hint 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 being 1 scanned 1 troglodytes 1 possessed 1 examined 1 rebuttal 1 idled 1 sneaking 1 booths 1 cashier 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 may 1 why'nchya 1 hummocks 1 gravel 1 bridges 1 miscellaneous 1 keloid 1 nothingness 1 glances 1 relieved 1 seattle 1 ah 1 blocks 1 hesitated 1 regard 1 babe 1 jesus 1 glare 1 walk 1 battle 1 rocked 1 cowboy 1 flickering 1 clicked 1 professionals 1 exploded 1 hyenas 1 stern 1 pollen 1 clumps 1 wraparound 1 writer 1 contemplated 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 tattoos 1 loan 1 carried 1 capitol 1 petulant 1 fast - living 1 admit 1 wired 1 asphalt 1 lied 1 sweater 1 maple 1 scents 1 aboard 1 predators 1 shacking 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 seventh 1 hunkered 1 1890s 1 golden 1 ragtag 1 grainy 1 pad 1 paw 1 picnic 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 pleating 1 especially 1 standing 1 enthralled 1 rush 1 precisely 1 incomprehensible 1 razor - sharp 1 reduviidae 1 1970s 1 cash 1 glacial 1 lizard 1 windshield 1 bubble - screen 1 rigs 1 awesome 1 fierce 1 dialed 1 dispassion 1 mushroom 1 mistress ' 1 dial 1 godforsaken 1 sap 1 lagged 1 rolling 1 rubberneckin ' 1 illuminate 1 piled 1 page 1 thorny 1 obscurity 1 glowing 1 musty 1 bluegrass 1 greater 1 entomologists 1 shape 1 wasteland 1 rows 1 dangerous 1 badly 1 pall 1 edge 1 breakdown 1 ancient 1 cruised 1 overgrown 1 laundromat 1 vigorous 1 glared 1 telescopes 1 grange 1 16 1 ultraviolet 1 negatives 1 cancelled 1 elevated 1 exhibition 1 erect 1 rufus 1 christ 1 afraid 1 rancid 1 shortly 1 crewcut 1 ads 1 human 1 personality 1 twice 1 wistful 1 jewelry 1 floorboard 1 autograph 1 hills 1 bro 1 angry 1 planks 1 blighted 1 coiled 1 primate 1 tossed 1 nine 1 comeback 1 dashes 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 globe 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 filled 1 daddy 1 has 1 string 1 rustled 1 heaves 1 imitation 1 x - whatsis 1 attraction 1 animated 1 grunted 1 erupted 1 olive 1 reason 1 diner 's 1 suddenly 1 novocain - numb 1 stretched 1 politely 1 tin 1 separation 1 math 1 boom 1 unfathomable 1 strapping 1 half - rotted 1 metronome 1 flower 1 everything 's 1 cra - zee 1 shooting 1 band 1 words 1 boxy 1 alongside 1 week 1 shallow 1 until 1 charm 1 switched 1 ditchward 1 citizen 1 files 1 dogwoods 1 lamp 1 queen 1 dishwasher 1 dried 1 gouging 1 suitably 1 con 1 did'ya 1 testimonials 1 compadre 1 banks 1 drops 1 toys 1 leon 1 rare 1 grabbed 1 threatened 1 rusting 1 slapped 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 notion 1 message 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 fleshy 1 hoarse 1 socks 1 enclave 1 halo 1 nodded 1 wags 1 softly 1 out - of - state 1 lode 1 dictated 1 marketable 1 moved 1 effect 1 transmission 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 search 1 sudden 1 perspective 1 jags 1 demonstrably 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 major 1 wholly 1 primary 1 yore 1 obscured 1 above 1 help 1 play 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 not - so - mild 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 circuits 1 learned 1 million 1 digestive 1 temperate 1 obviously 1 scum 1 carly 's 1 debated 1 practical 1 seal 1 dancing 1 board 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 cumulus 1 giggle 1 chopped 1 guts 1 birds 1 presence 1 god 's 1 stupor 1 wriggled 1 setting 1 somesuch 1 shouted 1 thank 1 type 1 beak 1 situation 1 simultaneously 1 eye 1 magnesia 1 stretch 1 swam 1 whatchyacallem 1 video 1 top 1 crimp 1 mosquito 1 meeting 1 bunch 1 directly 1 prayer 1 alaska 1 ass - end 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 rundown 1 unhinged 1 nests 1 government 1 camouflage - green 1 kliegs 1 reverse 1 bobbing 1 celebrity 1 killing 1 ajar 1 promised 1 smirk 1 ex 1 sorta 1 lipizzaner 1 river 1 fine 1 gypsies 1 chick 1 vietnamese 1 boot 1 hide 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 tea 1 men 1 waiting 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 capricorn 1 666 1 descending 1 horse 1 known 1 gig 1 nuzzling 1 huntin ' 1 word 1 exuberance 1 atop 1 mug 1 ham 1 black - rimmed 1 trench 1 person 1 kingdom 1 wrinkled 1 fire - yellow 1 hated 1 kissed 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 mammals 1 clancy 1 blackjacks 1 corresponds 1 shout 1 fled 1 someone 's 1 jeans 1 biology 1 alpha 1 redwoods 1 detail 1 fries 1 giant 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 cup 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 tributaries 1 center 1 anywho 1 spiked 1 yahoos 1 mom 1 josey 1 bellying 1 threw 1 program 1 lighted 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 wharf 1 indian 1 flick 1 groovy 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 exotic 1 bib 1 bizarre 1 motley 1 taillights 1 beeped 1 bend 1 swiftly 1 misfiled 1 speaking 1 slunk 1 red 1 predatory 1 fuckall 1 development 1 mine 1 lurking 1 zen 1 bye 1 wrapped 1 nicely 1 payday 1 ants 1 horatio 1 swell 1 tourists 1 5 1 jillion 1 fuckin ' 1 outboard 1 flowers 1 pants 1 chilled 1 buses 1 below 1 vans 1 frozen 1 shaped 1 deeper 1 mystery 1 amplified 1 regaling 1 drink 1 sky - high 1 gorillas 1 pumps 1 runaway 1 whispered 1 punched 1 i-5 1 cows 1 squawking 1 comment 1 symbols 1 judging 1 60s 1 posture 1 kudzu 1 whined 1 steel 1 suits 1 vibe 1 beat - to - hell 1 dots 1 mannequin 1 doughy 1 mobile 1 neutral 1 freakin ' 1 height 1 who 's 1 splash 1 shoved 1 beechnut 1 post 1 tile 1 shared 1 paused 1 opposite 1 miami 1 pack 1 repetitious 1 hittin ' 1 accelerated 1 war 1 rig 1 climbed 1 lip 1 ravage 1 floppy 1 sales 1 flatbeds 1 rational 1 hi - fi 1 beast 1 weak 1 ronald 1 wild - eyed 1 blazing 1 wide - brimmed 1 grass 1 experiencing 1 contributing 1 sour 1 cycle 1 options 1 predicted 1 replied 1 helping 1 hapless 1 filter 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 hydrochloric 1 speck 1 recording 1 loitering 1 siphon 1 emotional 1 southbound 1 spaniard 1 radiation 1 distaste 1 bubbling 1 pick 1 plastered 1 reminded 1 exits 1 drained 1 receiving 1 paroxysms 1 polyester 1 date 1 buy 1 implication 1 raid 1 satanists 1 vague 1 edited 1 soldier 1 shades 1 gawd 1 crusty 1 battery 1 loomed 1 every 1 high - pitched 1 litany 1 distances 1 national 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 shampoo 1 infractions 1 undulating 1 calling 1 cattle 1 drama 1 clicking 1 heat 1 shuddered 1 squirming 1 soil 1 measured 1 beside 1 study 1 invaded 1 brewskis 1 proposition 1 buzzed 1 visit 1 inhuman 1 case 1 milling 1 sos 1 bygone 1 seam 1 doncha 1 lolling 1 lean 1 blow 1 roles 1 articles 1 skimming 1 tickle 1 altar 1 smoked 1 cooperate 1 x - group 1 dead 1 together 1 pumping 1 stalks 1 doomsday 1 fracas 1 guessed 1 formed 1 photo 1 trace 1 earned 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 yards 1 ferret - pink 1 roar 1 cheap 1 head - on 1 an ' 1 dentist 's 1 nicked 1 poplar 1 footpath 1 wound 1 sensation 1 truly 1 poked 1 traumatic 1 allen 1 varied 1 shuffled 1 monoliths 1 papered 1 happened 1 thick 1 impact 1 antiquated 1 nail 1 random 1 calgary 1 mexico 1 molasses 1 oil 1 please 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 prohibiting 1 civilization 1 exhalations 1 taser 1 farm 1 opened 1 paperwork 1 defeat 1 collection 1 channel 1 hog 1 glazed 1 murky 1 movement 1 plug 1 large 1 removed 1 mayhem 1 relatively 1 mini - crusade 1 tricked - out 1 junctures 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 grand 1 bulk 1 separated 1 rapist 1 clenched 1 schtick 1 memories 1 credit 1 unpaved 1 applies 1 orphan 1 trembling 1 bunker 1 initial 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 fuss 1 central 1 coronas 1 meds 1 history 1 one - quarter 1 fit 1 entering 1 clank 1 swaying 1 buddies 1 operator 1 generations 1 murmuring 1 swing 1 generation 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 foggy 1 receded 1 mud - encrusted 1 kite 1 hollow 1 alders 1 farmhouses 1 paranoia 1 niagara 1 bulletins 1 nervously 1 mile 1 heart 1 water 1 hind 1 second 1 microsecond 1 mechanical 1 footsteps 1 versus 1 dazzled 1 leg 1 subdivision 1 nascar 1 canyon 1 terror 1 work 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 it 's 1 landing 1 unto 1 itched 1 images 1 shrill 1 service 1 ways 1 emerged 1 forever 1 pro 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 engulfed 1 6 1 feeling 1 inaccurate 1 stickers 1 outta 1 opportune 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 count 1 shakes 1 cardboard 1 engineers 1 screw 1 structures 1 greedy 1 mixed 1 collisions 1 sylvia 's 1 weight 1 prowler 1 stock 1 full 1 tough 1 dead - heads 1 dreamt 1 penetrating 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 aliens 1 bucks 1 recognized 1 limit 1 loves 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 y' all 1 hidden 1 however 1 extinct 1 grow 1 bird 1 calved 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 crushed 1 drowned 1 chums 1 jug 1 bounced 1 site 1 robert 1 year 1 net 1 algid 1 shadow 1 75 1 announcer 's 1 shambling 1 muscles 1 comedy 1 bush 1 shawl 1 wharf - side 1 screeching 1 motion - sickness 1 shucks 1 communiqu 1 glimpse 1 filthy 1 colombian 1 too - small 1 gramophone 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 craggy 1 breakfast 1 possession 1 private 1 listed 1 montana 1 mohicans 1 cover 1 maternal 1 developments 1 hiccupping 1 marine 1 forged 1 watchdog 1 combed 1 rain 1 hunters 1 very 1 intoned 1 winches 1 welter 1 odds 1 beefy 1 churning 1 slouched 1 eon 1 coughed 1 dry 1 became 1 carson 's 1 numbers 1 ruins 1 overhead 1 strip 1 monotone 1 smashed 1 handle 1 eh 1 equipment 1 dress 1 blurry 1 ambient 1 dedicated 1 bringing 1 lining 1 reputable 1 stopped 1 etymologist 1 zippers 1 retired 1 cold - cocked 1 typed 1 amen 1 pitch 1 waitresses 1 rusted - out 1 improbable 1 ukulele 1 pricked 1 tryin ' 1 companions 1 elementary 1 sat 1 tower 1 losing 1 sundress 1 inspiring 1 argued 1 stampede 1 cop 1 bottomless 1 approached 1 hungrily 1 remembered 1 often 1 intensity 1 wales 1 thus 1 bits 1 chirr 1 supercalifragilisticexpialidocious 1 aquarium 1 changes 1 hold 1 described 1 whiskey 1 hemp 1 indicate 1 named 1 operate 1 labor 1 prison 1 periphery 1 starry 1 great - grandma 1 hour 1 tracks 1 toddler 1 relay 1 scholarship 1 expiration 1 sent 1 occupied 1 mounds ' 1 impressive 1 profanity 1 pavilions 1 crawl 1 motor 1 coke 1 alarm 1 graduated 1 raised 1 royal 1 rejoinder 1 smelled 1 broadcast 1 nostrils 1 broke 1 protest 1 inexplicably 1 chattering 1 slot 1 feed 1 lingered 1 man 'd 1 space 1 lives 1 truth 1 hollywood 1 weeds 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 1950s 1 savage 1 poses 1 female 1 fake 1 inciting 1 heroic 1 clove 1 firearms 1 reeked 1 prehistoric 1 branch 1 fuel 1 kill 1 wisely 1 suchlike 1 haggard 1 presumably 1 squat 1 women 1 thirty - six 1 angeles 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 stale 1 furiously 1 children 1 day 1 hay 1 lulled 1 contortions 1 engineer 1 suppose 1 needle 1 hole - in - the - wall 1 garbed 1 faces 1 companies 1 costume 1 single 1 signal 1 wasps 1 drew 1 yuppie 1 copping 1 mildly 1 comprehension 1 plexiglass 1 television 1 contrary 1 signature 1 shoes 1 dna 1 knocking 1 admitted 1 redneck 1 darted 1 intact 1 appeared 1 backward 1 ding - dong 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 lookin ' 1 propped 1 displeasure 1 bleach 1 lethargic 1 glad 1 vengeance 1 reno 1 warn 1 low - gliding 1 macaroni 1 cared 1 toe 1 erectile 1 quote 1 seismic 1 mike 1 depiction 1 stream 1 conjured 1 spare 1 headlock 1 non- 1 parted 1 miscreants 1 dope 1 reparation 1 dreams 1 trip 1 response 1 pecker 1 weird 1 dialing 1 dredged 1 clad 1 rights 1 specialty 1 bust 1 pastures 1 native 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 tribal 1 spain 1 machinery 1 walking 1 bank 1 covered 1 dirty - faced 1 slap 1 samoan 1 wispy 1 knees 1 unhitch 1 they ' ve 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 struggle 1 rodeo 1 holiday 1 handmade 1 pacific 1 boarded 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 near - fainting 1 unreasonable 1 weighed 1 deals 1 marmalade 1 intersected 1 cluster 1 mother 1 rude 1 shook 1 dust 1 driver - side 1 grandfather 1 retiree 1 prosthesis 1 unpleasant 1 true 1 pontiac 1 grabs 1 incongruously 1 looks 1 background 1 chastely 1 sven 1 remote 1 leaf 1 goodbye 1 meninges 1 believe 1 burrow 1 high - centered 1 flee 1 reveal 1 trailing 1 moving 1 muckety - mucks 1 anywhere 1 solid 1 debate 1 creepy 1 garble 1 mounted 1 change 1 springs 1 longingly 1 thirty 1 yellowish 1 stashed 1 smoker 's 1 expecting 1 beneficial 1 faring 1 unnatural 1 confiscated 1 ghetto 1 rag 1 schoolmates 1 familiar 1 machine 1 crowded 1 absentee 1 assumed 1 forehead 1 dysfunction 1 washington 's 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 child - god 1 pull 1 monkey 1 thirty - second 1 swearing 1 small 1 dread 1 wind - burned 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 found 1 hurled 1 elicit 1 click 1 staring 1 diagrams 1 bigger 1 adventures 1 canadian 1 maples 1 gaggle 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 vice 1 sunk 1 unsettling 1 dozen 1 swallow 1 moines 1 zilch 1 skinny 1 chugging 1 shabby 1 nearly 1 complicity 1 sensational 1 jeeps 1 held 1 clear 1 pierced 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 rerun 1 fiddle 1 minute 1 tampered 1 purposes 1 bullet 1 school 1 secretaries 1 suffer 1 talkin ' 1 stealthy 1 pause 1 turns 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 once 1 cursed 1 killed 1 anesthesia 1 dangerously 1 adrenaline 1 expired 1 seamy 1 jailing 1 navigated 1 sunburn 1 starlet 1 headed 1 withdrawal 's 1 preserve 1 trailers 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 joined 1 amid 1 comrades 1 flare 1 manila 1 past - due 1 version 1 payout 1 desperado 1 sprint 1 tag 1 exploits 1 correct 1 u - turn 1 momentary 1 80s 1 watcha 1 general 1 hypotheses 1 spelled 1 two - tone 1 lovely 1 deep - space 1 quiet 1 bitter 1 closer 1 fooled 1 club 1 prepared 1 list 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 extremely 1 complain 1 tunnel 1 speeding 1 flirting 1 cloud 1 thrum 1 raise 1 gotten 1 hunter 1 pathetic 1 homes 1 acid 1 safety 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 dirge 1 rote 1 poster 1 unlike 1 controversy 1 chance 1 beers 1 scoop 1 convertible 1 instant 1 favored 1 imagery 1 glue 1 cinder - streaked 1 scout 1 wreckage 1 tube 1 thumbed 1 indices 1 armpit 1 schmuck 1 bagged 1 marooned 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 glasses 1 limbaugh 1 stalled 1 epiphany 1 swivel 1 stacks 1 mart 1 drowsed 1 abc 1 mosey 1 hang 1 crossed 1 shop 1 rear 1 phenomena 1 squirted 1 listen 1 spectrum 1 derelict 1 q 1 touching 1 shake 1 football 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 lowlife 1 reduced 1 repair 1 discotheque 1 live 1 tepid 1 doldrums 1 soul 1 confessing 1 deed 1 melodrama 1 reddening 1 appearance 1 pluto 1 h 1 consumed 1 chitin 1 structure 1 oh - two 1 woulda 923 .
procession of the black sloth - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 procession of the black sloth 1525 the 896 and 749 a 610 of 457 to 424 his 416 in 394 he 267 was 203 royce 185 with 181 her 170 on 160 at 158 you 141 it 137 as 133 from 123 for 120 him 114 she 113 said 113 i 107 were 106 into 100 an 98 that 88 mr 86 they 81 he 'd 79 this 73 had 70 their 69 coyne 66 like 63 mrs 60 by 60 them 58 be 56 or 54 one 53 who 52 but 52 about 51 when 47 shea 47 up 47 all 47 been 46 so 43 what 43 through 43 out 41 its 41 over 39 back 39 black 38 no 38 there 37 james 37 some 37 ward 35 how 35 face 34 your 33 if 33 door 31 man 31 these 30 away 30 more 30 much 30 down 29 royce 's 29 did n't 29 not 28 i ' m 28 against 28 have 28 jackson 27 could 27 do n't 27 shelley 26 get 26 off 26 light 26 around 25 got 25 mouth 25 then 25 room 24 white 24 went 24 too 24 do 24 before 23 after 23 other 23 eyes 23 my 23 thought 23 head 22 me 22 did 22 yeah 22 is 22 made 22 apartment 22 old 22 are 22 which 22 cigarette 21 came 21 until 20 right 20 we 20 just 20 few 20 two 20 hand 20 night 19 way 19 was n't 19 jen 19 look 19 seemed 19 another 19 time 19 hell 19 himself 19 could n't 19 small 19 across 18 dark 18 little 18 than 18 where 18 know 18 knew 18 hands 18 here 17 most 17 hawthorne 17 only 17 come 17 place 17 oh 17 long 17 guy 17 see 16 something 16 hair 16 you 're 16 good 16 why 16 chu 16 women 16 while 16 along 15 people 15 even 15 who 'd 15 never 15 without 15 such 15 own 15 it 's 14 kind 14 any 14 left 14 upon 14 almost 14 glass 14 drink 14 darkness 14 might 14 enough 13 many 13 they 'd 13 woman 13 probably 13 except 13 pool 13 far 13 men 13 home 13 took 13 coyne 's 13 looked 13 ever 13 anything 12 ran 12 evening 12 that 's 12 near 12 under 12 sure 12 last 12 well 12 think 12 fingers 12 agatha 12 every 12 several 12 work 12 you ' ve 12 wore 12 tried 12 side 12 us 11 really 11 better 11 tuttle 11 would 11 god 11 kept 11 kong 11 pretty 11 again 11 what 's 11 camera 11 chamber 11 lights 11 aunt 11 maybe 11 three 11 each 11 hong 11 because 11 done 11 laughed 11 nearly 11 thing 11 first 10 gone 10 go 10 boy 10 end 10 someone 10 inside 10 world 10 being 10 chinese 10 bill 10 bit 10 city 10 red 10 anyway 10 call 10 life 10 couple 10 water 10 suit 10 yet 10 friends 10 between 10 put 10 atlanta 10 day 10 shoulder 10 she 'd 10 party 10 saw 9 arms 9 yu 9 plastic 9 bloody 9 shit 9 di 9 bed 9 seen 9 toward 9 i ' ve 9 american 9 office 9 is n't 9 hall 9 hard 9 waited 9 turned 9 fellow 9 began 9 doors 9 nothing 9 mom 9 although 9 feet 9 mirror 9 security 9 worst 9 blood 9 felt 9 raised 9 body 9 beneath 9 yes 9 window 9 floor 9 years 8 k 8 tables 8 matter 8 set 8 real 8 shut 8 late 8 rolled 8 college 8 cigarettes 8 gave 8 our 8 group 8 soon 8 image 8 shadows 8 new 8 coltech 8 ted 8 wall 8 next 8 company 8 crowd 8 kitchen 8 mind 8 lra 8 stood 8 carried 8 sack 8 cut 8 mean 8 lay 8 eye 8 video 8 jackson 's 8 line 8 need 8 slipped 8 lighted 8 hours 8 open 8 sloth 8 cards 8 arm 8 girls 8 cold 8 had n't 8 large 8 heart 8 smile 8 kid 8 let 8 i 'll 8 very 8 dim 8 dinner 8 watched 8 mother 8 shook 8 found 8 dozen 8 school 8 stepped 7 everyone 7 drunk 7 table 7 met 7 expression 7 brendan 7 arrived 7 four 7 dream 7 lips 7 those 7 joyce 7 conversation 7 neck 7 order 7 voice 7 wig 7 hundred 7 wanted 7 worse 7 remember 7 now 7 proved 7 filled 7 lamp 7 box 7 safe 7 carole 7 thank 7 worked 7 certain 7 watch 7 young 7 business 7 girl 7 during 7 blue 7 started 7 half 7 close 7 however 7 among 7 private 7 compound 7 rain 7 became 7 ring 7 free 7 asian 7 children 7 always 7 within 7 says 7 are n't 7 mary 7 once 7 either 6 going 6 can 6 personal 6 job 6 dragged 6 behind 6 bad 6 restaurant 6 card 6 sick 6 fire 6 say 6 quadrangle 6 past 6 moments 6 sorry 6 ignored 6 whole 6 actually 6 poe 6 regarding 6 fact 6 screen 6 make 6 big 6 handed 6 liquor 6 jenny 6 older 6 followed 6 air 6 windows 6 rover 6 shot 6 standing 6 handsome 6 bottle 6 week 6 despite 6 ice 6 returned 6 particularly 6 moved 6 perhaps 6 trying 6 china 6 bar 6 fine 6 center 6 bizarre 6 pants 6 pressed 6 caught 6 bag 6 odd 6 calling 6 we 're 6 dead 6 seat 6 happened 6 bones 6 service 6 full 6 pieces 6 recognized 6 considered 6 still 6 quite 6 tight 6 dry 6 exactly 6 dress 6 smelled 6 slid 6 must 6 faces 6 since 6 pulled 6 tongue 6 she 's 6 tiny 6 covered 6 tour 6 asked 6 idea 6 slightly 6 empty 6 pond 6 called 6 game 6 low 6 held 6 finally 6 shirt 6 social 6 looking 6 name 6 brought 6 jacket 6 community 6 pair 6 scene 5 invited 5 local 5 fish 5 ear 5 show 5 figured 5 rose 5 building 5 green 5 yellow 5 age 5 want 5 hungry 5 wine 5 he 's 5 terrace 5 man 's 5 later 5 metal 5 passed 5 brother 5 great 5 smiled 5 continued 5 piece 5 bamboo 5 chest 5 finger 5 would ' ve 5 there 's 5 flight 5 meet 5 making 5 heard 5 decided 5 tall 5 skull 5 circle 5 ahead 5 certainly 5 clothes 5 playing 5 guests 5 glanced 5 kids 5 boys 5 necks 5 discovered 5 leaned 5 trade 5 number 5 managed 5 girlfriend 5 slowly 5 tape 5 question 5 also 5 sound 5 especially 5 sir 5 unit 5 edge 5 computer 5 round 5 teeth 5 closed 5 phone 5 yarbro 5 journey 5 has 5 throat 5 personnel 5 lot 5 pointed 5 cock 5 figures 5 flesh 5 ended 5 bunch 5 things 5 told 5 occasionally 5 should 5 poor 5 house 5 outside 5 everything 5 lunch 5 wiped 5 wondered 5 might ' ve 5 childhood 5 blinked 5 talk 5 bathroom 5 factories 5 moment 5 neighbors 5 lounge 5 east 5 answer 5 rest 5 whose 5 thinking 5 second 5 terror 5 shadow 5 will 5 skin 5 were n't 5 mandarin 5 indeed 5 sat 5 deep 5 spread 5 gesture 5 beer 5 taking 5 appeared 5 lost 5 dressed 5 weird 5 garden 5 knees 5 rushed 5 familiar 5 point 5 locked 5 drank 5 staring 5 ask 5 fell 5 read 5 champagne 5 heavy 5 drove 5 walked 5 club 5 glance 5 stomach 5 drop 5 remained 5 live 5 high 4 dropped 4 taken 4 gray 4 fuck 4 industrial 4 giving 4 loaded 4 keep 4 americans 4 referred 4 raleigh 4 eventually 4 concrete 4 drinking 4 located 4 wet 4 tv 4 c'm on 4 rather 4 stuff 4 area 4 staggered 4 entire 4 cantonese 4 furniture 4 tie 4 melted 4 fat 4 coffee 4 lord 4 elderly 4 clutched 4 series 4 alone 4 faster 4 beyond 4 seldom 4 months 4 dear 4 poured 4 turn 4 miss 4 living 4 follow 4 chair 4 stumbled 4 smoke 4 rattled 4 nose 4 occasional 4 s 4 father 4 money 4 awful 4 sweet 4 sounds 4 neither 4 part 4 blind 4 mother 's 4 weekly 4 fishing 4 mountain 4 dance 4 stuck 4 devil 4 died 4 cheeks 4 themselves 4 worry 4 shoulders 4 film 4 impression 4 music 4 flickered 4 display 4 could ' ve 4 nobody 4 leaked 4 besides 4 broken 4 courtyard 4 bedroom 4 early 4 road 4 traveled 4 give 4 smooth 4 lie 4 various 4 pleasure 4 casual 4 walk 4 cowboy 4 mainland 4 pink 4 ballroom 4 tossed 4 weasel 4 corners 4 days 4 grant 4 words 4 minutes 4 distant 4 belly 4 spent 4 nodded 4 breast 4 activity 4 cow 4 naked 4 afternoon 4 top 4 front 4 police 4 plane 4 known 4 crooked 4 koi 4 difficult 4 power 4 car 4 recently 4 plumbing 4 annex 4 arranged 4 morning 4 drive 4 static 4 pushed 4 heat 4 family 4 smog 4 smoked 4 together 4 associates 4 english 4 stared 4 crawled 4 art 4 licked 4 lived 4 deck 4 opened 4 frame 4 sense 4 monitor 4 burned 4 corporate 4 feel 4 love 4 emerged 4 whether 4 horror 4 feeling 4 thanks 4 minor 4 keys 4 hardly 4 find 4 cover 4 nice 4 frequent 4 similar 4 bits 4 asleep 4 whiskey 4 same 4 factory 4 loose 4 truth 4 style 4 pocket 4 television 4 dunno 4 apparently 4 broad 4 ground 4 billiards 4 does n't 4 briefly 4 instead 4 sort 4 reading 4 take 4 knives 4 surrounding 4 paint 4 ca n't 4 noticed 4 lovely 4 utter 4 list 4 tell 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 affair 4 completely 4 paid 4 ride 4 crossed 4 shop 4 ghosts 4 times 4 checked 4 picture 3 threshold 3 trust 3 silly 3 death 3 documentary 3 depths 3 sink 3 hear 3 lack 3 concierge 3 yours 3 excess 3 already 3 saying 3 dripped 3 happy 3 seconds 3 parties 3 sight 3 perfect 3 regular 3 manager 3 bingo 3 occasion 3 revealing 3 scotch 3 agatha 's 3 foreign 3 key 3 usual 3 booze 3 meat 3 purchased 3 season 3 sea 3 worn 3 yakuza 3 silent 3 gravity 3 activities 3 crap 3 focused 3 gate 3 poolside 3 damned 3 ward 's 3 escaped 3 swept 3 hire 3 splashed 3 picked 3 wandered 3 possible 3 understand 3 iron 3 kicked 3 move 3 earlier 3 bartender 3 goes 3 motion 3 saturday 3 following 3 data 3 procession 3 gleamed 3 interested 3 wondering 3 herself 3 mixer 3 onto 3 superintendent 3 expensive 3 breasts 3 japan 3 chains 3 traveling 3 eight 3 colleagues 3 marks 3 sake 3 groups 3 ceiling 3 information 3 slender 3 employees 3 rescue 3 knows 3 basket 3 west 3 miguel 3 numerous 3 elbow 3 chairs 3 least 3 vodka 3 bobbed 3 paper 3 received 3 cast 3 bus 3 intended 3 hit 3 m 3 industry 3 grew 3 rat 3 trespass 3 squeezed 3 forced 3 somebody 3 career 3 ordered 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 carpet 3 course 3 sounded 3 loud 3 okay 3 hung 3 manner 3 consultant 3 have n't 3 elvira 3 potential 3 sharp 3 gaped 3 none 3 meant 3 abandoned 3 baby 3 gaze 3 ribs 3 scare 3 possessed 3 chief 3 walls 3 may 3 lamps 3 different 3 attached 3 seattle 3 ah 3 lighting 3 hesitated 3 clicked 3 best 3 lied 3 sweater 3 pay 3 evidence 3 precisely 3 cho 3 realized 3 incomprehensible 3 coming 3 caused 3 join 3 mushroom 3 pockets 3 shape 3 chuckled 3 played 3 instantly 3 you 'll 3 would n't 3 eyed 3 burlap 3 breaks 3 showed 3 dozens 3 hotel 3 boxes 3 guys 3 suspended 3 taiwan 3 clouds 3 message 3 surveillance 3 brain 3 softly 3 bet 3 nearby 3 grinned 3 bullshit 3 telescope 3 above 3 help 3 thin 3 noise 3 learned 3 previous 3 shrugged 3 board 3 ladies 3 yankee 3 nature 3 market 3 effing 3 partially 3 germans 3 meeting 3 excuse 3 jet 3 answered 3 tea 3 atrium 3 hip 3 pm 3 slide 3 does 3 bellies 3 trunk 3 documents 3 threw 3 glimpsed 3 period 3 rendered 3 plants 3 patted 3 downed 3 practically 3 zoomed 3 wrapped 3 mostly 3 wood 3 deeper 3 painted 3 claws 3 filed 3 details 3 mask 3 who 's 3 tile 3 shared 3 subtle 3 opposite 3 arrival 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 weak 3 according 3 anybody 3 main 3 reminded 3 effects 3 somewhere 3 arch 3 buy 3 marble 3 terrible 3 lifted 3 retrieved 3 rank 3 visit 3 case 3 rice 3 ago 3 formed 3 cheap 3 apartments 3 shuffled 3 understood 3 resolved 3 thick 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 waved 3 channel 3 collection 3 movement 3 bulk 3 snapped 3 operator 3 driver 3 record 3 croaks 3 hollow 3 paranoia 3 photographic 3 america 3 leg 3 wan na 3 lens 3 parks 3 laps 3 attention 3 lovers 3 executives 3 finished 3 drawn 3 hidden 3 block 3 double 3 outer 3 imagined 3 nights 3 hello 3 seeped 3 network 3 foyer 3 problem 3 sweat 3 popular 3 theater 3 traffic 3 eh 3 stuffed 3 curtains 3 stopped 3 reserved 3 facilities 3 quality 3 food 3 vacation 3 bright 3 summer 3 hour 3 sent 3 president 3 vaguely 3 broke 3 chain 3 space 3 lives 3 judgment 3 secret 3 urge 3 collar 3 eastern 3 engineer 3 suppose 3 reflected 3 computers 3 able 3 upscale 3 swung 3 touch 3 bloated 3 led 3 echoed 3 track 3 trip 3 pale 3 friend 3 youth 3 corner 3 management 3 used 3 nor 3 beef 3 stewardess 3 moving 3 served 3 gloom 3 secure 3 sign 3 spy 3 glowed 3 names 3 pipes 3 lungs 3 glow 3 cj 3 elegant 3 books 3 cube 3 killed 3 weather 3 enjoy 3 resort 3 street 3 raucous 3 cloud 3 gotten 3 harmless 3 eighteen 3 sides 3 glasses 3 huh 3 bill 's 3 hopped 3 bought 3 hostess 3 blackness 3 shake 3 informed 3 spying 3 it 'll 2 descended 2 load 2 belonged 2 counted 2 photograph 2 wild 2 wait 2 shoo 2 balkan 2 flattened 2 project 2 cool 2 opera 2 hats 2 share 2 thumbnail 2 appropriate 2 flopped 2 owned 2 trouble 2 source 2 truck 2 whom 2 wheel 2 immediately 2 mundane 2 return 2 attendant 2 panel 2 exchange 2 latter 2 gloomy 2 holding 2 gasp 2 banker 2 sipped 2 compelled 2 vast 2 spat 2 complacency 2 country 2 radiated 2 wire 2 wiring 2 suffocating 2 secrets 2 missed 2 polite 2 considering 2 bring 2 deeds 2 cabinet 2 grimaced 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 flew 2 male 2 spied 2 graft 2 speed 2 relax 2 abruptly 2 pass 2 nasty 2 passengers 2 lettering 2 doing 2 jealousy 2 hub 2 disease 2 thunder 2 ashes 2 edges 2 dad 2 there 'd 2 smell 2 distorted 2 bottles 2 we 'll 2 foot 2 tiles 2 gray - white 2 hope 2 bath 2 knife 2 dimly 2 gets 2 today 2 barbed 2 marriage 2 fix 2 released 2 affectation 2 attend 2 morbid 2 gerald 2 preferring 2 hydraulic 2 lane 2 conversations 2 doubted 2 frequented 2 blame 2 smoking 2 humid 2 haunt 2 umbrellas 2 freaky 2 glottal 2 trapped 2 tangled 2 hallucination 2 assembled 2 woke 2 talking 2 basin 2 act 2 exact 2 cheek 2 sitting 2 sisters 2 entertaining 2 withered 2 german 2 investment 2 dreaming 2 software 2 damn 2 fast 2 shows 2 ripped 2 emaciated 2 twilight 2 catered 2 shopping 2 unsteadily 2 awkward 2 tended 2 questions 2 bodies 2 bone - white 2 investigate 2 score 2 pit 2 mysterious 2 destroyed 2 wherein 2 brits 2 trail 2 balcony 2 snoring 2 elders 2 boozy 2 angels 2 features 2 preferred 2 cardin 2 sequence 2 mouths 2 officers 2 towers 2 buildings 2 accepted 2 managers 2 ocean 2 dropping 2 wipe 2 pictures 2 department 2 uniformly 2 afternoons 2 sticky 2 unwholesome 2 neat 2 concentration 2 slats 2 footage 2 dank 2 copy 2 smudges 2 interactions 2 prize 2 definitely 2 friday 2 highway 2 singles 2 irrational 2 scream 2 opportunity 2 jovial 2 slumped 2 congregated 2 span 2 amateur 2 child 2 soundlessly 2 skeletal 2 buckle 2 woven 2 states 2 needed 2 pal 2 spaces 2 discordant 2 tango 2 illuminated 2 teased 2 screamed 2 bone 2 flood 2 calls 2 demanded 2 changed 2 elder 2 punishment 2 splashing 2 actors 2 anyone 2 plaster 2 acquired 2 compared 2 tender 2 ten 2 wretched 2 rubbery 2 repulsed 2 subjects 2 report 2 tabs 2 stop 2 waist 2 rust 2 storm 2 shrieking 2 silently 2 fa 2 lifeless 2 sweep 2 sloppy 2 hooked 2 swollen 2 absolutely 2 recorded 2 annoyance 2 moaned 2 drag 2 intention 2 museum 2 stays 2 scar 2 teenager 2 behavior 2 unbidden 2 obsessive - compulsive 2 file 2 less 2 feeble 2 clubs 2 tucked 2 fixed 2 tasted 2 tighter 2 uniform 2 notes 2 frightened 2 fluorescent 2 invitation 2 leather 2 beckoned 2 uh 2 passing 2 departed 2 leaving 2 agenda 2 younger 2 gombay 2 eat 2 robes 2 scorched 2 somehow 2 shouting 2 dreamlike 2 wake 2 ceilings 2 transfixed 2 carefully 2 else 2 tomorrow 2 needs 2 begin 2 lila 2 aspect 2 likely 2 barely 2 struck 2 rings 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 drinks 2 elevators 2 oriented 2 elephant 2 zhu 2 sleek 2 orthodontist 2 jaw 2 break 2 shone 2 hallway 2 espionage 2 scooped 2 interests 2 jen 's 2 occurred 2 blurred 2 harris 2 sender 2 parents 2 toilet 2 faux 2 restroom 2 sucked 2 sit 2 forest 2 powerful 2 stabbed 2 peripheral 2 affiliated 2 loved 2 soft 2 movements 2 curve 2 beijing 2 beasts 2 wildly 2 crazy 2 choice 2 laid 2 holes 2 increasingly 2 frantic 2 news 2 scenes 2 butcher 2 manichev 2 fascination 2 surfaced 2 strange 2 beam 2 compounded 2 sank 2 plunged 2 hospital 2 straight 2 rough 2 form 2 figure 2 executive 2 makeup 2 xo 2 overwhelming 2 decorated 2 twist 2 operations 2 presently 2 glances 2 forearm 2 lion 2 blocks 2 handheld 2 regard 2 corridor 2 wires 2 surely 2 rocked 2 forgetfulness 2 bulging 2 resist 2 hyenas 2 stevens 2 nurse 2 heels 2 having 2 admit 2 related 2 cancer 2 aboard 2 fallen 2 damp 2 receive 2 rush 2 cash 2 ruined 2 cleavage 2 packed 2 french 2 rolling 2 field 2 anonymous 2 wang 2 compulsion 2 evil 2 guess 2 catch 2 forth 2 talent 2 bottoms 2 recollection 2 dealt 2 retrieve 2 routinely 2 son 2 locate 2 sanity 2 hallways 2 tan 2 flies 2 midnight 2 sextet 2 nine 2 o 2 dying 2 reaction 2 partners 2 snipe 2 grunted 2 reason 2 element 2 suddenly 2 filmed 2 production 2 mud 2 outskirts 2 muffled 2 gnawed 2 sealed 2 alongside 2 overseers 2 shallow 2 overseas 2 sapporo 2 whatsoever 2 hired 2 shiny 2 forces 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 sandwiches 2 rare 2 grabbed 2 switches 2 observed 2 fool 2 indiscretions 2 stick 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 perform 2 dresses 2 curiosity 2 effect 2 bushes 2 stay 2 gives 2 entrance 2 obscured 2 attire 2 play 2 disgruntled 2 cozy 2 slack 2 andrews 2 italians 2 prince 2 cracked 2 guts 2 shouted 2 girth 2 beauty 2 note 2 keeping 2 slummy 2 western 2 swam 2 ravenous 2 implicit 2 doubtless 2 asking 2 implausible 2 directly 2 cowls 2 coats 2 flown 2 gym 2 promised 2 holy 2 stink 2 cement 2 heads 2 mishap 2 smiling 2 waking 2 waiting 2 thighs 2 aisle 2 descending 2 yourself 2 canasta 2 atop 2 visits 2 tapped 2 shell 2 hammered 2 hated 2 result 2 impressed 2 pointing 2 crones 2 inhabitants 2 earth 2 vents 2 cup 2 families 2 working 2 sensitive 2 sickly 2 manufactured 2 tears 2 bore 2 systems 2 fortunately 2 infrequent 2 total 2 grip 2 mine 2 bye 2 let 's 2 salesman 2 downstairs 2 including 2 itself 2 flowers 2 buses 2 chameleon 2 enjoying 2 below 2 sentiment 2 continuity 2 pinafore 2 speak 2 grade 2 inhaled 2 warned 2 lady 2 whispered 2 blades 2 ticket 2 symbols 2 items 2 tobe 's 2 suits 2 knitting 2 wheelchair 2 shoved 2 comes 2 ears 2 muted 2 connection 2 cruelty 2 war 2 fanned 2 diners 2 beast 2 bonding 2 specialized 2 coynes 2 bubbling 2 cackled 2 hunched 2 innocuous 2 excellent 2 cage 2 meal 2 concerned 2 rubber 2 opening 2 shades 2 month 2 model 2 streamers 2 assurance 2 care 2 beginning 2 spoke 2 shuddered 2 bums 2 shirts 2 dull 2 eerie 2 bluff 2 warmed 2 bucket 2 bitch 2 lean 2 crack 2 lively 2 bald 2 animal 2 guessed 2 hood 2 closet 2 fetch 2 run 2 lumpy 2 rearview 2 getting 2 oil 2 please 2 prom 2 fucking 2 broads 2 grab 2 ease 2 cia 2 removed 2 gulped 2 rehearsing 2 laughter 2 creature 2 grand 2 memory 2 gathered 2 separated 2 types 2 abroad 2 spine 2 memories 2 hunt 2 become 2 unlocked 2 expect 2 pitched 2 samuels 2 sliding 2 forgot 2 peephole 2 eyeball 2 scenario 2 enclosure 2 legs 2 answering 2 talked 2 vicious 2 mechanical 2 bound 2 alabaster 2 scarred 2 naturally 2 technologies 2 bastards 2 unpredictable 2 miles 2 images 2 shrill 2 cigar 2 enjoyed 2 peeled 2 silence 2 pillow 2 coma 2 circuit 2 screw 2 sleeve 2 sagged 2 identification 2 stock 2 melancholy 2 bars 2 one 's 2 shots 2 mission 2 crushed 2 gallery 2 net 2 we ' ve 2 assignment 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 photos 2 schmucks 2 boring 2 filthy 2 half - dozen 2 wind 2 knocked 2 wrist 2 warmer 2 future 2 intoned 2 tore 2 moon 2 nonetheless 2 stairs 2 passports 2 numbers 2 warm 2 ransom 2 blond 2 hey 2 boy 's 2 feels 2 stars 2 piping 2 paperbacks 2 handle 2 benches 2 bringing 2 blanket 2 hunting 2 retired 2 bowed 2 pitch 2 connected 2 pudding 2 spectral 2 six 2 independent 2 approached 2 vision 2 thus 2 cloth 2 thrilled 2 populated 2 named 2 paranoid 2 predicament 2 occupied 2 nude 2 pissed 2 weightless 2 handlers 2 spot 2 ass 2 given 2 denied 2 recoiled 2 shower 2 protest 2 contestants 2 lingered 2 convenient 2 parts 2 passage 2 female 2 though 2 walks 2 visited 2 supine 2 slapping 2 circulation 2 bawling 2 am 2 kidding 2 patiently 2 cameras 2 determination 2 england 2 checking 2 hummed 2 companies 2 single 2 drew 2 residents 2 bent 2 shoes 2 gods 2 nondescript 2 pretending 2 configured 2 lakes 2 glad 2 mussed 2 grinning 2 dude 2 ms 2 suffered 2 gossip 2 exclusive 2 traded 2 ready 2 taxi 2 response 2 wear 2 drooped 2 condition 2 o ' 2 native 2 travel 2 bored 2 train 2 ming 2 trio 2 deflated 2 comatose 2 sideways 2 waded 2 cocktail 2 joy 2 honor 2 absorbed 2 shore 2 glittered 2 scores 2 creeping 2 steps 2 nightmare 2 unpleasant 2 looks 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 deduction 2 tracked 2 must ' ve 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 should ' ve 2 fruit 2 host 2 solid 2 creepy 2 base 2 change 2 apron 2 tourist 2 dime 2 unknown 2 seniors 2 performance 2 trap 2 bulb 2 fancy 2 exposed 2 canadian 2 vice 2 repeated 2 neurosis 2 classic 2 pure 2 asks 2 clear 2 backseat 2 slobbered 2 developed 2 minute 2 claimed 2 octopus 2 sawing 2 pigs 2 sleeves 2 sunday 2 karaoke 2 films 2 scurried 2 scattered 2 fog 2 trailers 2 interrupted 2 ninety - six 2 waiter 2 amid 2 common 2 wept 2 correct 2 russian 2 bourbon 2 agreed 2 five 2 confusion 2 cathedral 2 gently 2 scowled 2 chu 's 2 seem 2 massive 2 clung 2 desk 2 cleveland 2 productivity 2 evenings 2 blank 2 helped 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 chance 2 instant 2 carry 2 sleeping 2 fumbled 2 courtesy 2 flautist 2 where 'd 2 burn 2 lads 2 latest 2 works 2 jerked 2 mark 2 brown 2 loss 2 football 2 stupid 2 person 's 2 services 2 frowned 2 deed 2 barrier 2 appearance 1 guffawed 1 biz 1 sodium 1 unsure 1 issue 1 narrator 1 richer 1 undies 1 calm 1 affluent 1 appliance 1 cinema 1 keenly 1 clambered 1 swiveled 1 boxers 1 married 1 potentially 1 zipped 1 lounging 1 inimitable 1 twenty 1 clang 1 shown 1 hominids 1 numb 1 expressions 1 sedan 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 bay 1 unglued 1 romances 1 steadily 1 estranged 1 batting 1 atlanteans 1 haste 1 visage 1 merchant 1 loathing 1 i d 1 prongs 1 microwire 1 marveled 1 dwarfed 1 impersonal 1 plasticized 1 adrenal 1 bolts 1 interesting 1 sheets 1 kidnapers 1 farther 1 haircut 1 booth 1 longtime 1 museums 1 8 1 verbal 1 slung 1 kindled 1 slaved 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 enigmatic 1 lies 1 polo 1 resembled 1 whoa 1 wo n't 1 disquiet 1 wobbled 1 stomped 1 goddamned 1 jinx 1 crown 1 surfed 1 affably 1 lift 1 divine 1 extricated 1 ades 1 conditions 1 treated 1 protection 1 bowled 1 ashamed 1 onetime 1 zander 1 punctuated 1 failed 1 obliterated 1 squatted 1 erection 1 sweating 1 education 1 snicked 1 knots 1 enveloped 1 suspicion 1 wildness 1 hairs 1 james ' 1 thumping 1 scorch 1 sixties 1 wash 1 stubbed 1 flunkies 1 sac 1 fathom 1 graders 1 ltd 1 satin 1 retro 1 crease 1 breath 1 speculating 1 cooked 1 intimacy 1 goodwife 1 fresh 1 resided 1 gather 1 omnipresent 1 begging 1 grievances 1 wears 1 repeating 1 curiously 1 stone 1 rocks 1 heaped 1 sheetrock 1 episode 1 diva 1 garish 1 em 1 final 1 feeding 1 dumbfounded 1 spend 1 surprise 1 matted 1 weeklies 1 fleece 1 perks 1 daze 1 shitty 1 slurping 1 concave 1 occulted 1 twilit 1 slough 1 semblance 1 voluminous 1 seedy 1 knowledge 1 spittle 1 apologies 1 marshal 1 echoing 1 cares 1 buttoned - down 1 resonant 1 grounds 1 heavily 1 um 1 veteran 1 tightly 1 tap 1 drugs 1 appetites 1 climbing 1 slabs 1 postings 1 thigh 1 kneeling 1 flash 1 seeker 1 valves 1 stressful 1 flatbed 1 housekeeping 1 librarians 1 sees 1 shortest 1 aggrieved 1 position 1 rent 1 debauchery 1 drain 1 deal 1 bragging 1 perversion 1 whistling 1 prong 1 allegedly 1 uncommon 1 primarily 1 gangster 1 pearl 1 chapped 1 trauma 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 hagfish 1 compromise 1 rendezvoused 1 dike 1 ooze 1 feasting 1 ovular 1 whenever 1 roost 1 b 1 trading 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 attendant 's 1 pulse 1 partner 1 tunes 1 bearing 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 eagerness 1 student 1 amphitheater 1 architect 1 groggily 1 burly 1 agent 1 downing 1 tooth 1 capture 1 wonder 1 sicilian 1 burgh 1 saint 1 swooped 1 torso 1 violet 1 blasted 1 sincerity 1 rummaged 1 colloidal 1 formulate 1 attendance 1 brow 1 doll 1 emanating 1 penetrated 1 briefcase 1 evoked 1 religion 1 gentleman 1 outrageous 1 monitors 1 resounded 1 protected 1 lobsters 1 gouged 1 inopportune 1 oppression 1 lumpen 1 advertised 1 driven 1 birth 1 buggers 1 both 1 appreciate 1 illusion 1 quantities 1 encircled 1 extinguished 1 dug 1 offered 1 jumble 1 heston 1 trolled 1 shady 1 erstwhile 1 prior 1 indefinable 1 halting 1 spouse 1 navigational 1 toiled 1 debacle 1 attach 1 diligent 1 hybrid 1 stealing 1 couch 1 squinted 1 eating 1 erotic 1 habits 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 tenure 1 shelly 1 thumbs 1 european 1 persisted 1 valley 1 gnats 1 dully 1 funk 1 countryside 1 eventual 1 voce 1 munitions 1 object 1 half - formed 1 existence 1 blameless 1 brittle 1 afar 1 pots 1 huge 1 adopted 1 unfocused 1 copious 1 unaware 1 reindeer 1 brilliant 1 telephoto 1 whapped 1 reflections 1 universe 1 mania 1 arboretum 1 sixteen - hour 1 relic 1 profound 1 poles 1 plump 1 dense 1 partaken 1 assembly 1 caves 1 casting 1 keyboards 1 chased 1 shut - in 1 stole 1 mate 1 shock 1 hard - line 1 jouncing 1 ebbed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 gabbled 1 strains 1 blur 1 perk 1 splintered 1 streets 1 animatedly 1 bottom 1 tightening 1 drowsy 1 expand 1 hot 1 tiger 1 absence 1 character 1 preposterous 1 behaved 1 enter 1 bills 1 consorted 1 mat 1 cute 1 district 1 chess 1 plain 1 half - expecting 1 sexual 1 hells 1 decoy 1 inn 1 blistered 1 intrigue 1 companionship 1 amenable 1 it 'd 1 christian 1 shaved 1 ticking 1 shudder 1 monstrous 1 rectangular 1 replaced 1 pat 1 snug 1 thump 1 mangled 1 becoming 1 tours 1 constricted 1 mashed 1 cam 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 necessary 1 charming 1 doorway 1 conditioning 1 2 1 natural 1 administrator 1 tail 1 extent 1 crippling 1 bond 1 sotto 1 abdomen 1 moss 1 insult 1 plethora 1 disappearing 1 stray 1 honors 1 dawn 1 allay 1 led - brilliant 1 splashes 1 marmot 1 wait - wait 1 affected 1 handshake 1 experience 1 tract 1 individual 1 raves 1 daydream 1 terrified 1 apology 1 squad 1 late - shift 1 tools 1 stabbing 1 tiptoed 1 chained 1 loans 1 simple 1 rockets 1 regal 1 luck 1 officials 1 rafting 1 desired 1 splattered 1 beach 1 nobly 1 listened 1 erased 1 documenting 1 reared 1 rampant 1 concentrating 1 routine 1 dossier 1 coup 1 barbeque 1 hill 1 sharing 1 whip - lean 1 disjointed 1 melodramatic 1 shark 1 jobs 1 inseparable 1 banked 1 dismissive 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 invoked 1 expected 1 revolted 1 leading 1 pathological 1 hither 1 rape 1 benign 1 studies 1 flourish 1 unwritten 1 dick 1 saplings 1 action 1 twitched 1 wailing 1 popped 1 marshmallow 1 dresser 1 swimming 1 orange 1 deserting 1 surprised 1 ill - conceived 1 blowhard 1 mirage 1 voyeur 1 operated 1 abortion 1 flashes 1 parasols 1 watchword 1 corridors 1 affairs 1 waxy 1 utility 1 scrum 1 stolen 1 unconscious 1 throw 1 initiated 1 watching 1 sliver 1 wry 1 snapping 1 x - rays 1 divorced 1 escorted 1 129 1 unscrupulous 1 jag 1 punch 1 handbag 1 pulsed 1 wristwatch 1 wide - eyed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 ceaseless 1 thrown 1 ageism 1 stooped 1 clerical 1 implications 1 san 1 janitors 1 thirteen 1 stringers 1 laborers 1 racist 1 succumbed 1 replayed 1 sheer 1 joyful 1 spilled 1 imported 1 identified 1 thuds 1 two - thirds 1 quick 1 billy 1 cadillac 1 ciphers 1 fountains 1 cupboard 1 ropes 1 outset 1 nightgown 1 flashlight 1 refinery 1 match 1 suspicious 1 appraisal 1 spiritual 1 tanning 1 menial 1 wow 1 mister 1 rousing 1 climb 1 mangroves 1 account 1 vintage 1 running 1 partier 1 nervous 1 insouciant 1 monsoon 1 ensconced 1 switch 1 chills 1 revering 1 correctly 1 combination 1 reservation 1 key - mold 1 j 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 snorted 1 spouses 1 advancement 1 announce 1 catastrophic 1 persuaded 1 lifestyle 1 rules 1 lashes 1 unwilling 1 tab 1 chopper 1 gangsters 1 approximation 1 original 1 she 'll 1 farce 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 cough 1 closets 1 absolute 1 brick 1 dirty 1 soaked 1 aching 1 fortune 1 frail 1 suggested 1 wise 1 chunk 1 mopey 1 embedded 1 tragically 1 wiretaps 1 alcohol 1 pajama 1 snag 1 wan 1 mohair 1 efficiently 1 whores 1 helicopter 1 barn 1 immodestly 1 grocery 1 drains 1 tune 1 rotting 1 buttocks 1 barkeep 1 austere 1 toothpick 1 length 1 dialect 1 quartering 1 collectors ' 1 cute - as - buttons 1 seething 1 metacarpal 1 gorgeous 1 containing 1 pyrenees 1 major - domo 1 competitors 1 euro - trash 1 traps 1 specimen 1 minefield 1 split 1 where 's 1 half - century 1 monologue 1 grandchildren 1 swished 1 pretensions 1 introduced 1 steins 1 anxiety 1 feasted 1 terrorists 1 engaged 1 privately 1 topiary 1 slaughterhouse 1 unyielding 1 flute 1 contrast 1 convicted 1 pleasantries 1 button 1 oubliette 1 western - style 1 generosity 1 conforms 1 bugled 1 tendril 1 buys 1 ai n't 1 dusty 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 anvil 1 axiom 1 relish 1 conditioner 1 baker 's 1 enormous 1 drastic 1 conspirators 1 lovesick 1 personally 1 angle 1 decrepit 1 clumped 1 cartridge 1 confines 1 compute 1 waistband 1 panpipe 1 urine 1 cookbooks 1 situated 1 movie 1 dislike 1 records 1 origin 1 cesarean 1 pagan 1 slurring 1 throats 1 qa 1 pride 1 afire 1 reach 1 imprisonment 1 x 1 envision 1 neatly 1 patience 1 company 's 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 discern 1 sullen 1 fever 1 scrubbing 1 strips 1 appeals 1 crook 1 fragmented 1 yoke 1 implacably 1 cohiba 1 blend 1 manager 's 1 envelope 1 brightened 1 proprietor 1 crisply 1 stature 1 ninety - five 1 spotless 1 mercies 1 effort 1 tide 1 dopily 1 strength 1 rapid 1 grates 1 wagged 1 malpractice 1 unreal 1 manufacture 1 attracted 1 stud 1 passionless 1 proceeded 1 prints 1 patriarchy 1 fed 1 gust 1 succession 1 fan 1 whistled 1 pelt 1 supple 1 breathing 1 rebellious 1 assorted 1 kid 's 1 wavered 1 overhang 1 beehive 1 leech 1 landline 1 dominance 1 mama 's 1 angles 1 regret 1 d 1 thirty - year - old 1 circling 1 plots 1 masking 1 growing 1 difference 1 venom 1 ends 1 ascended 1 perceived 1 ghastly 1 condo 1 utterance 1 nonsense 1 daresay 1 cups 1 screwing 1 customers 1 victims 1 tracers 1 sphere 1 putting 1 chalky 1 plans 1 backup 1 terraces 1 comfort 1 grown 1 forty - minute 1 organizations 1 unseen 1 marty 1 jolted 1 telling 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 positioning 1 cultures 1 thud 1 returning 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 diem 1 entirely 1 hooks 1 guru 1 phones 1 lifetimes 1 tier 1 cross - eyed 1 flung 1 lighten 1 shifts 1 send 1 mum 1 respectively 1 dorm 1 lids 1 prostitutes 1 billowed 1 boots 1 puddles 1 prospects 1 tripped 1 lidless 1 characters 1 stubborn 1 steal 1 mule 1 luckless 1 skinned 1 leisurely 1 hard - copy 1 delusional 1 researchers 1 seated 1 couples 1 start 1 ornamental 1 goodness 1 pawed 1 trembled 1 consequences 1 diffident 1 resent 1 fantasies 1 ending 1 tenderly 1 bius 1 jeez 1 juicy 1 piss 1 club - hopping 1 crouch 1 resulted 1 electric 1 holder 1 special 1 bruises 1 nod 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 voices 1 freeloaders 1 crept 1 carry - on 1 puked 1 trashed 1 accidentally 1 grimy 1 audience 1 handles 1 palms 1 weekends 1 gin 1 pleasant 1 suck 1 disconsolate 1 antique 1 dew 1 taut 1 sober 1 hoped 1 strolls 1 flagging 1 soot 1 thousandfold 1 headlong 1 freelancing 1 slivers 1 rats 1 flicked 1 welcome 1 trend 1 tilted 1 intent 1 irrepressible 1 handy 1 extensive 1 eager 1 lsd - class 1 salon 1 deftly 1 immensity 1 announced 1 croak 1 interrupt 1 crumpled 1 overjoyed 1 material 1 jittered 1 philharmonic 1 gown 1 cross 1 heed 1 piped 1 bonham 1 mini 1 patterns 1 amazing 1 eagle 1 natures 1 grillwork 1 song 1 nursery 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 class 1 long - lost 1 weekend 1 detailed 1 roof 1 passenger 1 unrefined 1 parked 1 chummy 1 sipping 1 tops 1 hangers - on 1 rang 1 stolid 1 sirens 1 groans 1 diminished 1 calf 1 laptop 1 hat 1 westerners ' 1 grease 1 misery 1 mountains 1 extends 1 spiritualist 1 acquaintances 1 shapes 1 forming 1 cartload 1 ducked 1 dignitary 1 half - crazed 1 horn 1 wheeled 1 weights 1 quietly 1 labeled 1 tuxedo 1 yawned 1 skin - diving 1 rustlings 1 winter 1 ugly 1 platform 1 shipwreck 1 servant 1 women 's 1 explained 1 beds 1 doctor 1 venereal 1 bandits 1 introductory 1 hosts 1 insane 1 obscene 1 lifetime 1 boutiques 1 insisted 1 blare 1 shifted 1 paleontologist 's 1 bellicose 1 plates 1 cats 1 grasping 1 shrank 1 stayed 1 districts 1 fucked 1 slavery 1 once - tanned 1 resumed 1 ill 1 rim 1 tedium 1 gates 1 vowed 1 waived 1 noisy 1 bitched 1 overripe 1 ceaselessly 1 bouquet 1 open - collared 1 proceedings 1 soviet 1 quicksand 1 garbage 1 screaming 1 cavern 1 recall 1 sometimes 1 locals 1 confused 1 caked 1 remainder 1 ached 1 park 1 gravitated 1 immunity 1 enthused 1 coffin 1 defection 1 bitterly 1 fruitless 1 snags 1 countering 1 humor 1 seven 1 paths 1 placards 1 myth 1 half - crouch 1 marking 1 vanishing 1 brats 1 boardwalks 1 convinced 1 roll 1 shriveled 1 axis 1 carnal 1 cologne 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 gatehouse 1 bone - weariness 1 sand 1 restored 1 swim 1 rode 1 overlong 1 whence 1 shopkeepers 1 thickets 1 shrewd 1 irishman 1 flat 1 plenty 1 associated 1 stalker 1 flapped 1 maze 1 rainforest 1 rapped 1 fixated 1 disoriented 1 twitches 1 catholic 1 joke 1 secured 1 senior 1 exclamation 1 mewling 1 tanned 1 compatriots 1 dislocation 1 projector 1 bertram 1 red - faced 1 chatted 1 fly 1 outdated 1 cold - hearted 1 insertion 1 casually 1 bugger 1 english - speaking 1 pen 1 state - of - the - art 1 criminals 1 subsidized 1 hank 1 goodie 1 striped 1 behold 1 meaningless 1 feast 1 faceless 1 engorged 1 collapsed 1 gowns 1 cargo 1 custodian 1 idol 1 aisles 1 creaked 1 exclaiming 1 jodie 1 golding 's 1 unfortunately 1 prestigious 1 anglers 1 charcoal 1 crashing 1 devise 1 lately 1 instruments 1 transaction 1 showcase 1 meaningfully 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 gentlemen 's 1 cranes ' 1 cuffs 1 revolutions 1 erma 1 restlessness 1 portraits 1 nurse 's 1 hurriedly 1 arkansas 1 rainy 1 customs 1 drivers 1 tricky 1 handing 1 precipitated 1 science 1 everywhere 1 gray - haired 1 inanities 1 slashed 1 leathery 1 relied 1 palm 1 maintaining 1 august 1 flying 1 luncheons 1 advisor 1 scraped 1 parables 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 carcass 1 movies 1 middle 1 tow 1 chewed 1 individuals 1 mob 1 gourmet 1 mumbled 1 textiles 1 bovine 1 croaking 1 secondary 1 indulged 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 function 1 liked 1 solicited 1 helplessness 1 half - shouted 1 when 's 1 flex 1 mist 1 apparatuses 1 lush 1 band 's 1 constant 1 halfway 1 receptionist 1 hitting 1 crew 1 thrashing 1 brooms 1 strangely 1 gifts 1 itinerant 1 ransacking 1 regarded 1 cultural 1 joining 1 vacuous 1 cashed 1 dears 1 avenues 1 location 1 originates 1 recess 1 occupation 1 suffering 1 suffused 1 hiding 1 label 1 cautious 1 lump 1 missions 1 focus 1 provinces 1 government - issue 1 derogatory 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 patrols 1 teen 1 ade 1 kinds 1 fourteen 1 boundaries 1 journeyman 1 responded 1 bells 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 peculiar 1 eave 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 elastic 1 trailer 1 aft 1 belied 1 nelly 1 sighed 1 steady 1 mangrove 1 settled 1 interned 1 razor 1 blows 1 nipped 1 merry 1 satellite 1 deduce 1 exhausted 1 riveted 1 enterprise 1 infant 1 shadow - figures 1 glitz 1 haranguing 1 crumpling 1 feminist 1 unrecognizable 1 cuffed 1 pounding 1 moan 1 stamped 1 ritual 1 linoleum 1 intense 1 hardcase 1 commuters 1 bleakest 1 hobbyist 1 proximity 1 corrupt 1 ordinary 1 buzzing 1 tribe 1 product 1 panoptic 1 hardback 1 ties 1 unsavory 1 whine 1 noose 1 posts 1 twins 1 reef 1 slav 's 1 notwithstanding 1 individuals ' 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 heavens 1 lit 1 demons 1 chlorine 1 low - flying 1 worried 1 package 1 uneasily 1 bifocals 1 maneuver 1 posh 1 largess 1 components 1 abyssal 1 chuckling 1 epithets 1 sophomores 1 digging 1 jabbed 1 scummy 1 torments 1 involved 1 reluctantly 1 flitter 1 muttered 1 entourage 1 undercurrent 1 high - powered 1 sinuous 1 investigator 1 indefinite 1 gaudy 1 hurt 1 swamp 1 ash 1 altitude 1 confined 1 friendly 1 bulbous 1 casino 1 runs 1 visiting 1 masses 1 warehouses 1 honking 1 committed 1 view 1 fueled 1 attentions 1 corroded 1 therapist 1 ship 1 tapered 1 twelve - hundred - dollar 1 rebuked 1 space - age 1 folks ' 1 hag 1 tomes 1 yon 1 sweltering 1 ripple 1 actuators 1 honest 1 curb 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 merged 1 statesman 1 closed - circuit 1 wherefrom 1 exit 1 economy 1 potted 1 unpacked 1 idiots 1 write 1 culture 1 liberty 1 blared 1 referring 1 muttering 1 epitaph 1 halted 1 lone 1 fill 1 cavaedium 1 esoteric 1 descent 1 sex 1 repeatedly 1 trill 1 patina 1 exchanged 1 pajamas 1 recent 1 discomfort 1 so - called 1 giggling 1 concentrated 1 muzzle 1 possibilities 1 charlton 1 row 1 ball 1 devils 1 stacked 1 captivity 1 sources 1 rose - lipped 1 soldering 1 cab 1 accomplished 1 bluish - tinted 1 interpreter 1 napkins 1 well - cut 1 acts 1 collided 1 announcer 1 perspiration 1 mall 1 catwalks 1 gravelly 1 indicating 1 mops 1 refilling 1 denizens 1 wider 1 frustration 1 excursion 1 backwater 1 shit - faced 1 obsessed 1 sabotage 1 passions 1 spies 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 flashed 1 slag 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 emergency 1 skirt 1 extracurricular 1 alluring 1 masked 1 deciding 1 niche 1 hobbies 1 greetings 1 shallows 1 trimmed 1 subject 's 1 vendors 1 abandon 1 throng 1 ofhis 1 practiced 1 farewells 1 petitioners 1 subconscious 1 ten - gallon 1 easter 1 vanished 1 patriarchal 1 terrorist 1 gibberish 1 jammed 1 def 1 flights 1 cane 1 attempts 1 impatiently 1 flour 1 thrills 1 obsequious 1 bony 1 sneaking 1 paraded 1 booths 1 rectangle 1 lurched 1 hid 1 homemade 1 goddess 1 cadaverous 1 bugshit 1 emergence 1 holidays 1 gravel 1 terms 1 installed 1 surreal 1 hers 1 immediate 1 wrists 1 gentleman 's 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 mismatched 1 crying 1 conspiracy 1 popularity 1 profession 1 widow 1 littered 1 raced 1 babe 1 cabs 1 jesus 1 glare 1 murmur 1 kidnapped 1 knock 1 ominous 1 brooded 1 cheese 1 notched 1 mid - note 1 error 1 relayed 1 prostrate 1 solo 1 dialects 1 swimmer 1 summoned 1 commune 1 population 1 deepening 1 reds 1 shard 1 divan 1 iris 1 sleepwalkers 1 levered 1 vault 1 kindly 1 column 1 lazily 1 buddhist 1 cheating 1 captains 1 retained 1 drafted 1 presume 1 korean 1 lumber 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 inveterate 1 ruin 1 included 1 yellows 1 bared 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 blackened 1 bucked 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 straggled 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 hustled 1 uncomfortable 1 stagnant 1 dabble 1 required 1 pea 1 munched 1 makes 1 moron 1 cleaved 1 eschewed 1 nightcap 1 scrape 1 halfacre 1 stranger 1 folded 1 wheezed 1 coat 1 mess 1 anger 1 covey 1 astigmatism 1 crashed 1 lieutenant 1 ceo 1 desultory 1 connections 1 playboy 1 strung 1 crazily 1 camp 1 closet - sized 1 pedestrian 1 tension 1 nefarious 1 banquet 1 jam 1 exhaustion 1 subjected 1 fear 1 acknowledged 1 automated 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 broach 1 easy 1 basically 1 broom 1 glacial 1 rise 1 hospitality 1 windshield 1 projects 1 beating 1 listless 1 panted 1 lake 1 pare 1 arguments 1 assigned 1 awkwardly 1 rejection 1 rotary 1 meaning 1 sizing 1 dinosaur 1 death 's 1 likes 1 scratchy 1 curtained 1 illuminate 1 jackets 1 favors 1 misfortune 1 decimate 1 fifteen - mile 1 envisioned 1 lenses 1 pantomime 1 crone 1 sights 1 fairness 1 borderline 1 straddled 1 averting 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 equivalent 1 ungodliness 1 formidable 1 illuminating 1 peach 1 current 1 amber 1 ancient 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 exception 1 vigorous 1 telescopes 1 glared 1 choices 1 north 1 conciliatory 1 hairstyles 1 majored 1 repaid 1 staccato 1 maintain 1 punching 1 kitchenette 1 christ 1 illumination 1 corduroy 1 hazards 1 abyss 1 dummy 1 seoul 1 sexy 1 human 1 personality 1 debauched 1 hangman 's 1 groupers 1 vacuum 1 bunt 1 geometry 1 floorboard 1 excused 1 exhaust 1 bulged 1 hills 1 coupling 1 lotus 1 toadlike 1 accustomed 1 cabinets 1 wrung 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 complex 1 futuristic 1 coiled 1 dirt 1 reflex 1 cell 1 can - do 1 cry 1 bridge 1 slopped 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 drunkenness 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 housing 1 mustache 1 secretary 1 groping 1 caffeine 1 kinky 1 attraction 1 thinning 1 spiraled 1 rides 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 pages 1 malformed 1 strobe - lit 1 stretched 1 uttered 1 flinching 1 renaissance 1 demanding 1 lightning 1 tin 1 scrabble 1 limousine 1 boiled 1 strapping 1 underworld 1 tottered 1 drapes 1 pollution 1 anguish 1 hyatt 1 sentence 1 two - bit 1 revelation 1 throbbing 1 reliably 1 contributed 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 consequence 1 shooting 1 vinyl 1 library 1 adrift 1 ample 1 pseudo 1 use 1 frightfully 1 freezes 1 consortium 1 tidal 1 territories 1 charm 1 mahogany 1 servers 1 switched 1 strangled 1 okinawa 1 files 1 worthies 1 agonizing 1 junior 1 bodily 1 confronted 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 soaking 1 pine 1 chairperson 1 filmgoers 1 conference 1 wicked 1 ferreting 1 mystified 1 lolled 1 cambodian 1 seascapes 1 revisited 1 beachfront 1 daggers 1 events 1 windowless 1 late - night 1 false 1 dispatched 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 lank 1 natter 1 rusting 1 whim 1 flicking 1 slapped 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 feral 1 columns 1 ponytail 1 softened 1 notion 1 texas 1 hunger 1 chin 1 mobsters 1 overlooking 1 via 1 dips 1 syrup 1 terra 1 idiot 1 fading 1 misplaced 1 ancients 1 drugged 1 flats 1 fleshy 1 scope 1 harm 1 baccarat 1 socks 1 halo 1 rail 1 gift 1 wrinkles 1 conscience 1 retirement 1 bestial 1 busybody 1 planet 1 claptrap 1 declined 1 blindly 1 captors 1 pop 1 search 1 manchurian 1 perspective 1 cronies 1 quaver 1 three - hundred - dollar 1 get - together 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 fraught 1 bumped 1 major 1 wailed 1 primary 1 clapped 1 disembodied 1 freak 1 belongs 1 accentuate 1 startled 1 anguished 1 thinks 1 intensified 1 nighty - night 1 email 1 awakened 1 segmented 1 facts 1 hyper - sensitivity 1 cleaver 1 cable 1 rearranged 1 distraction 1 prank 1 elevator 1 tied 1 matters 1 long - ago 1 stiffs 1 seams 1 regional 1 sore 1 dancing 1 seal 1 imagine 1 orbiting 1 dramamine 1 studied 1 smoky 1 access 1 confer 1 ol ' 1 panama 1 moans 1 land 1 totems 1 elaborate 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nicotine 1 curses 1 staying 1 outward 1 speared 1 bronx 1 masonry 1 presence 1 smoker 1 urban 1 peasant 1 fabrication 1 god 's 1 skeleton 1 stupor 1 unbuckled 1 perpetual 1 dumpster 1 setting 1 business - class 1 russkies 1 provocative 1 sobered 1 relaxing 1 type 1 specimens 1 lonely 1 observer 1 picking 1 bitches 1 nervousness 1 situation 1 laundry 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 fogs 1 patent 1 regardless 1 despair 1 clothbound 1 guard 1 blue - haired 1 breaths 1 lowlight 1 believers 1 nipples 1 tub 1 south 1 travelogues 1 rendezvous 1 reliving 1 houston 1 slums 1 flanked 1 pairs 1 bade 1 hawthorne 's 1 ubiquitous 1 surrealistic 1 morose 1 readily 1 professional 1 labeling 1 crinkled 1 contests 1 amount 1 rival 1 jagged 1 slyly 1 confirmed 1 monochrome 1 kidneys 1 government 1 toying 1 impassive 1 swiped 1 yankee - doodle 1 mildred 1 run - down 1 killing 1 unnaturalness 1 corpulent 1 absurdity 1 unflattering 1 slippers 1 choreographed 1 torturers 1 puzzle 1 gardens 1 magnanimously 1 swiping 1 taxis 1 necessity 1 japs 1 clicks 1 forcing 1 quarry 1 hunted 1 snuffed 1 frequently 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 cowboy 's 1 cleans 1 expanse 1 balmy 1 cosmopolitan 1 drives 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 floor - to - ceiling 1 properly 1 meanwhile 1 sliced 1 chunks 1 blackout 1 pouring 1 breakup 1 spigots 1 coffin - shaped 1 drenched 1 riffraff 1 breaches 1 inordinate 1 nattered 1 word 1 pancake 1 amassed 1 stare 1 wazoo 1 misaligned 1 person 1 correspondence 1 dearly 1 trunks 1 testicles 1 jazz 1 squall 1 dizzy 1 positively 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 manicevic 1 fungi 1 kissed 1 bulky 1 armrest 1 perception 1 curled 1 journeyed 1 slum 1 rage 1 stairwell 1 grief 1 rituals 1 fled 1 digital 1 cowered 1 glistened 1 sobs 1 exertion 1 watery 1 ankles 1 sizzling 1 croaked 1 helpless 1 quarters 1 liaison 1 impossibly 1 sports 1 candid 1 detail 1 automatically 1 hip - hip - hooray 1 zed 1 providence 1 treadmill 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 investigations 1 positioned 1 paralleled 1 interchangeable 1 demeter 1 skins 1 suggesting 1 oval 1 per 1 process 1 maggots 1 boyfriend 1 hr 1 behave 1 pleistocene 1 tong 1 combing 1 outsourced 1 extras 1 senseless 1 froze 1 offline 1 spiked 1 itinerary 1 physical 1 rowdy 1 flagged 1 relentless 1 marshland 1 knowing 1 sponge 1 clients 1 cleaning 1 squire 1 unattended 1 code 1 concordance 1 substance 1 important 1 folders 1 watcher 1 players 1 risked 1 british 1 chefs 1 sizzled 1 anomalous 1 slab 1 plowed 1 exotic 1 humanity 1 beeped 1 teachers 1 informants 1 bend 1 shrubbery 1 loire 1 slunk 1 relate 1 welcomed 1 stein 1 singularly 1 creeps 1 habitual 1 lurking 1 support 1 raving 1 add 1 heavyset 1 vacillated 1 rabidly 1 potent 1 siamese 1 swell 1 hinge 1 tourists 1 spun 1 moribund 1 crackers 1 barb 1 clipboard 1 hell - dwellers 1 unnaturally 1 mortified 1 kick 1 stallion 1 orchestra 1 witless 1 mandarins 1 chilled 1 subsidiary 1 rendering 1 designer 1 agree 1 shortcut 1 religious 1 institutional 1 hate 1 luminous 1 gulp 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whitey 1 designers 1 pitying 1 multiple 1 ministry 1 cases 1 altruistic 1 chicken 's 1 mystery 1 methods 1 shroud 1 professed 1 goons 1 stirred 1 duration 1 businessmen 1 comprehend 1 squeaking 1 tick 1 obeisance 1 complaints 1 faint 1 marry 1 slightest 1 orgasms 1 whack 1 fetal 1 laptops 1 gingerly 1 cows 1 environment 1 batch 1 raining 1 rising 1 humble 1 cramped 1 tycoon 1 posture 1 whined 1 steel 1 informal 1 assemble 1 whomever 1 magnified 1 caller 1 he 'll 1 buffet 1 contract 1 gasping 1 courts 1 doughy 1 extended 1 here 's 1 dowager 1 mobile 1 forms 1 neutral 1 ignited 1 liaisons 1 contained 1 wine - tasting 1 dutifully 1 chum 1 singing 1 dog 1 designed 1 twenty - odd 1 bundle 1 post 1 smack 1 disappear 1 easily 1 hides 1 biggest 1 wattles 1 defunct 1 ferocious 1 bathing 1 rasped 1 pins 1 organizer 1 pack 1 closest 1 tapes 1 fastidious 1 mind 's 1 barred 1 lip 1 russia 1 geriatric 1 rational 1 monotonously 1 rambling 1 pawned 1 unseemly 1 transfigured 1 region 1 grass 1 rippled 1 well - off 1 sour 1 victors 1 radically 1 hatefully 1 hapless 1 language 1 padding 1 thinned 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 panting 1 aura 1 compiled 1 snake 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 vacant 1 assured 1 matched 1 monotonous 1 scored 1 heaps 1 circulated 1 winding 1 pick 1 clean 1 plastered 1 tittered 1 basic 1 spider 's 1 exits 1 spends 1 chatting 1 schmooze 1 interior 1 grudgingly 1 triangles 1 hair - raising 1 drained 1 cruising 1 slobs 1 sorrow 1 yonkers 1 prevailed 1 crumbling 1 devious 1 date 1 abuse 1 martin 1 caretakers 1 normality 1 subject 1 marketing 1 happening 1 permanent 1 reserving 1 system 1 sodden 1 steered 1 petty 1 high - tech 1 float 1 loomed 1 confabs 1 nowhere 1 placard 1 battles 1 nip 1 isolated 1 hoodoo 1 wavery 1 recklessly 1 lasted 1 decadent 1 tousled 1 dreaded 1 subtropical 1 vegetate 1 debris 1 luxurious 1 copse 1 junk 1 fist 1 phosphorescence 1 foot - binding 1 risk 1 cloy 1 undulating 1 doorjamb 1 consummate 1 accommodate 1 titter 1 habitually 1 cattle 1 stainless 1 subterranean 1 squinting 1 station 's 1 sky 1 floundered 1 brass 1 stealthily 1 slow 1 highly 1 soften 1 inner 1 strictly 1 genial 1 study 1 beside 1 architectural 1 forgivable 1 faintly 1 futile 1 horrid 1 standards 1 injury 1 outcomes 1 passages 1 klaxons 1 inhuman 1 contemplating 1 climate 1 ted 's 1 licking 1 devastated 1 encouragement 1 clockwise 1 doncha 1 facing 1 mass 1 crude 1 gore 1 diagonally 1 entertain 1 vagrants 1 lighter 1 cart 1 slotted 1 speeds 1 sauna 1 battered 1 nostril 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 heisted 1 circles 1 snorting 1 lesser 1 dilettante 1 humdrum 1 handful 1 touched 1 tee - heed 1 chill 1 architecturally 1 skein 1 hinges 1 goods 1 yards 1 monitoring 1 passive - aggressive 1 spooky 1 struggles 1 pass ' 1 pole 1 wound 1 densely 1 anonymity 1 linen 1 iniquity 1 shh 1 buckets 1 haunts 1 poked 1 balls 1 protective 1 genders 1 chain - smoking 1 sane 1 castle 1 competing 1 snatches 1 buddhism 1 lutheran 1 androgynous 1 boredom 1 taoism 1 ferns 1 nail 1 evident 1 thumbprints 1 remnants 1 conglomerate 1 diplomatic 1 achieved 1 wedge 1 manufacturing 1 smart 1 quizzically 1 liu 1 letting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 unattractive 1 distance 1 triangle 1 distend 1 hack 1 surge 1 farm 1 caged 1 layer 1 brays 1 signs 1 shtick 1 aside 1 powerfully 1 distress 1 gypsum 1 remains 1 quitting 1 extant 1 tales 1 decent 1 revealed 1 petered 1 strap 1 provided 1 plug 1 japanese 1 florida 1 brothers 1 belt 1 magpies 1 lawyers 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 reversed 1 congealed 1 lawyer 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 legend 1 pamphlets 1 treatment 1 shred 1 thorough 1 spirituality 1 thai 1 damage 1 unglamorous 1 rested 1 clenched 1 puffed 1 appealed 1 defying 1 complemented 1 stones 1 specialists 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 all 's 1 emails 1 repetition 1 chestnut 1 tilt 1 motions 1 threats 1 lairs 1 manuscripts 1 improv 1 central 1 history 1 elements 1 seems 1 awake 1 blubber 1 exquisite 1 careful 1 shrink 1 sooty 1 ruddily 1 seasons 1 communal 1 buddies 1 impress 1 subways 1 swing 1 pretended 1 rebellion 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 souvenir 1 caution 1 shivered 1 receded 1 wallop 1 yell 1 plate 1 headier 1 commend 1 logged 1 prolonged 1 mushrooms 1 cousin 1 treat 1 recruit 1 sandwich 1 doorplate 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 discussion 1 guards 1 mile 1 stifle 1 romantic 1 channels 1 imaginable 1 cockroaches 1 blouse 1 bare - chested 1 ebb 1 perv 1 poker 1 miniatures 1 overlooked 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 acquaintance 1 imprints 1 chauffeur 1 slants 1 mm - hrmm 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 fall 1 polka - dot 1 lobby 1 triad 1 generous 1 stories 1 lock 1 tolerance 1 grind 1 conducted 1 epoch 1 interlinked 1 shelled 1 cakes 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 napkin 1 pro 1 reference 1 6 1 delegated 1 loyalty 1 army 1 braking 1 mix 1 sprang 1 hilarity 1 voyeurism 1 brutal 1 unconsciousness 1 straining 1 jawbone 1 saturn 1 microcosm 1 platter 1 lethargy 1 swayed 1 stovetop 1 stuttered 1 count 1 cardboard 1 dumb 1 succeeded 1 curiosities 1 engineers 1 role 1 hospice 1 court 1 snippets 1 void 1 aquariums 1 wormed 1 combat 1 remotely 1 indistinct 1 reviled 1 mightily 1 dung 1 greedy 1 minorities 1 sobbed 1 motives 1 stiletto 1 participants 1 weight 1 quartered 1 headshot 1 towel 1 abutting 1 tough 1 reality 1 prowled 1 ripping 1 carton 1 handler 's 1 searched 1 encroaching 1 fifth 1 efficient 1 fermenting 1 folding 1 doubt 1 panic 1 overcame 1 approved 1 stone 's 1 darker 1 extinct 1 communicated 1 doddering 1 regards 1 municipal 1 bird 1 italy 1 patients 1 bead 1 pendulum 1 fecundity 1 empties 1 snuggled 1 slamming 1 muscle 1 tenements 1 brief 1 rooms 1 bookstore 1 nutter 1 chums 1 haunch 1 decision 1 rugose 1 implored 1 allowed 1 janitor 1 year 1 caressed 1 warble 1 ex - fire 1 hormones 1 races 1 meandered 1 jettison 1 specifics 1 shambling 1 sisterhood 1 wooded 1 mickeys 1 arcane 1 slaughtered 1 bush 1 daughters 1 sounding 1 atonement 1 shawl 1 fore 1 crawling 1 transparent 1 witness 1 encrypt 1 golf 1 knuckle 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 unruly 1 thousand 1 foul 1 reasons 1 fours 1 tonight 1 listed 1 pearly 1 huddled 1 accommodations 1 ribbons 1 rule 1 direction 1 maternal 1 slipping 1 developments 1 stalking 1 ornate 1 firm 1 flawless 1 nets 1 carted 1 groundswell 1 warning 1 preoccupation 1 deceleration 1 nick 1 coalesced 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 winches 1 associations 1 disorientation 1 usually 1 tar 1 status 1 acrid 1 blotches 1 lassitude 1 rite 1 cultivated 1 warren 1 slouched 1 avoid 1 unexpected 1 butchered 1 signed 1 coughed 1 fox 1 percent 1 bulbs 1 pecked 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 monotone 1 strip 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 newfound 1 comped 1 groaned 1 shocking 1 thee 1 necklace 1 alike 1 disquieted 1 paced 1 gallop 1 what ' ve 1 beaten 1 till 1 strangers 1 shibboleth 1 recovered 1 disorganized 1 storage 1 slick 1 pavement 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 spotlighted 1 seatmate 1 artificial 1 bear 1 highlighted 1 remodeling 1 freshly 1 wetlands 1 satisfaction 1 resident 1 primeval 1 direct 1 manny 1 high - functioning 1 wiser 1 encounters 1 companions 1 hook 1 knuckles 1 involving 1 outbuildings 1 weeks 1 witches 1 hunk 1 lunatic 1 underhand 1 cars 1 gasped 1 convinces 1 due 1 grotesquerie 1 cautionary 1 cheerless 1 guided 1 collected 1 pta 1 sun 1 ski 1 offices 1 yes - men 1 frames 1 placid 1 regularity 1 extreme 1 elongated 1 famine 1 tips 1 flanks 1 often 1 probed 1 intensity 1 raw 1 trickle 1 squashed 1 panicky 1 profoundly 1 amigos 1 enunciate 1 worship 1 333 1 difficulty 1 rut 1 flowed 1 nails 1 francisco 1 barked 1 chests 1 twenty - feet 1 sob 1 worms 1 fascinated 1 push 1 intruded 1 hold 1 feverishly 1 revolving 1 backdrop 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 rich 1 stuffing 1 operate 1 sarcasm 1 labor 1 employers 1 starry 1 apprehended 1 knot 1 glory 1 still - life 1 nerds 1 prying 1 sensuous 1 soul - killing 1 larger 1 dangled 1 suppressed 1 superiors 1 trachea 1 mount 1 twittered 1 uptight 1 doubled 1 ruptured 1 charred 1 kamikaze 1 orders 1 additions 1 popcorn 1 raspy 1 lacquered 1 shade 1 repairs 1 guilty 1 shuddering 1 gon na 1 better - dressed 1 clay 1 alarm 1 mothers 1 paunches 1 graduated 1 clutches 1 ticked 1 den 1 expressed 1 unsurprisingly 1 aged 1 lotta 1 hike 1 authorization 1 overkill 1 whimpering 1 carapace 1 buncha 1 shining 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 freak 's 1 ruddy 1 pantry 1 sanitarium 1 janitor 's 1 samuels ' 1 dwindled 1 feed 1 thoroughness 1 chat 1 hollywood 1 territory 1 earphones 1 sprinkler 1 broad 's 1 roofs 1 corporation 1 lawn 1 shriek 1 stripped 1 arrested 1 incognita 1 fake 1 armchair 1 flipping 1 kibitzing 1 incident 1 catching 1 attack 1 bronzes 1 filtered 1 attendants 1 lasts 1 parti - colored 1 reeked 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 piles 1 multinational 1 mixture 1 kill 1 rejoined 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 silk 1 burrowed 1 geezers 1 half - dead 1 urgent 1 assure 1 tuesday 1 detroit 1 hoodlum 's 1 squat 1 centered 1 flower - print 1 convulsed 1 restless 1 beetle 1 verify 1 mood 1 public 1 there 'll 1 dislodged 1 uninspired 1 fully 1 plaza 1 legendary 1 entry 1 asshole 1 remodeled 1 indelicate 1 tractor 1 problems 1 kidnapping 1 agents 1 lowered 1 accord 1 purred 1 dangling 1 magazines 1 helter - skelter 1 unbuttoned 1 razorback 1 bolo 1 eleven 1 lexus 1 hectored 1 scientist 1 downhill 1 imagination 1 techs 1 tripping 1 path 1 vines 1 justify 1 hole 1 modicum 1 pin 1 motioned 1 compilation 1 seaside 1 crippled 1 barbecuing 1 rugby 1 applauded 1 diabetes 1 gobs 1 inexorable 1 cinders 1 sale 1 foothills 1 squandering 1 reprimand 1 surroundings 1 peeked 1 sonsofbitches 1 backward 1 wooden 1 heeling 1 gauge 1 chewing 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 propped 1 childlike 1 frog 1 washroom 1 boards 1 vengeance 1 unable 1 hitched 1 endured 1 spitting 1 shushing 1 barflies 1 bull - necked 1 detectives 1 cared 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 painful 1 unravel 1 big - game 1 fifties 1 slathered 1 tardiness 1 canadians 1 diver 1 slanted 1 parted 1 painting 1 nada 1 store 1 dreams 1 fetishes 1 domestic 1 silhouettes 1 rights 1 cuckoo 1 specialty 1 alleged 1 meetings 1 oily 1 methodically 1 dollars 1 machinery 1 bemused 1 megatherium 1 intoxication 1 walking 1 trusted 1 altogether 1 functioned 1 attended 1 decade 1 vehicle 1 coupled 1 cantilever 1 overheard 1 shrub 1 installation 1 half - folded 1 perfectly 1 commotion 1 treacherous 1 scalp 1 calisthenics 1 stranded 1 blew 1 lon 1 they ' ve 1 newspapers 1 terrors 1 gaping 1 got ta 1 spring 1 shy 1 remark 1 humped 1 grill 1 hammer 1 doom 1 squirmed 1 craned 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 cropped 1 emphatically 1 acclimated 1 brother 's 1 vehicles 1 confided 1 supplicant 1 oils 1 cake 1 deals 1 relocated 1 dust 1 hand - tailored 1 muddy 1 longer 1 leash 1 wince 1 slicing 1 wheeze 1 originally 1 throwing 1 socialized 1 hoary 1 story 1 true 1 inbox 1 winner 1 hits 1 fuzz 1 woman 's 1 considerable 1 chaney 1 press 1 scared 1 responsible 1 sneak 1 tickets 1 mistakes 1 lab 1 capsized 1 mustang 1 coast 1 hard - looking 1 remote 1 crashingly 1 wage 1 acknowledge 1 malice 1 half - melted 1 delicately 1 cubicles 1 stark 1 straw 1 excesses 1 baskets 1 efforts 1 hangovers 1 interlopers 1 exclusion 1 reveal 1 terminal 1 glued 1 telltale 1 inane 1 splayed 1 scratched 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 soiree 1 belcorp 1 mode 1 rooted 1 winced 1 useless 1 plummets 1 daylight 1 legacy 1 further 1 relatives 1 bartenders 1 abrupt 1 warm - up 1 georgia 1 fragments 1 thirty 1 realize 1 afforded 1 ca 1 stashed 1 floating 1 consisted 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 bubbles 1 expecting 1 lurked 1 resolve 1 travels 1 territorial 1 protested 1 residences 1 projection 1 winded 1 associate 's 1 brushed 1 sanguine 1 imaginary 1 sunken 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 hydraulics 1 pas 1 flaccid 1 tradition 1 junkets 1 machine 1 humidity 1 musical 1 macram 1 foamed 1 roughly 1 damning 1 adjusted 1 centuries 1 inflection 1 crowded 1 capacity 1 dredge 1 strategic 1 preoccupied 1 grainy - blue 1 pinned 1 flow 1 dubbing 1 gist 1 thirties 1 twin 1 bibliophile 1 seedier 1 dread 1 sinister 1 divide 1 gait 1 conviction 1 twig 1 speculation 1 struggling 1 color 1 shuffle 1 ching 1 cascade 1 fidget 1 mindless 1 click 1 sauce 1 vase 1 florid 1 lumps 1 bigger 1 motorized 1 adventures 1 former 1 unclench 1 gripped 1 bland 1 galore 1 expectations 1 bribing 1 mitigated 1 shelf 1 swallow 1 two - piece 1 klatches 1 palpable 1 marrow 1 lending 1 training 1 premises 1 nictitating 1 plant 1 stiffen 1 dozed 1 oatmeal 1 tarnished 1 furnishings 1 clasped 1 scopes 1 sixth 1 inevitable 1 cradle 1 snoozed 1 baggy 1 torn 1 squeaky 1 tapping 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 cog 1 schizophrenia 1 chrissake 1 occasions 1 impossible 1 centipede 1 ottoman 1 quo 1 tiers 1 formal 1 resting 1 mooning 1 frigid 1 strapped 1 resuming 1 suffer 1 ennui 1 try 1 officer 1 stems 1 serials 1 wiry 1 heralded 1 wings 1 shrinking 1 cave 1 oy 1 rumored 1 pause 1 turns 1 garb 1 ponder 1 premeditated 1 cursed 1 patio 1 fifty - seven 1 courage 1 accountants 1 mil 1 snap 1 tossing 1 salvage 1 lingering 1 stepping 1 prospect 1 knob 1 charcoal - dark 1 stroke 1 inarguably 1 hodge 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 hardhats 1 well - groomed 1 lieu 1 navigated 1 headed 1 unceremonious 1 peace 1 preserve 1 secretly 1 overlarge 1 landed 1 wherever 1 sweetheart 1 recorders 1 ate 1 copies 1 transactions 1 exhibit 1 would - be 1 all - consuming 1 swapped 1 detect 1 simplicity 1 cockroach 1 bracketing 1 clammy 1 foxy 1 discarded 1 shops 1 tag 1 podium 1 governor 1 exploits 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 momentary 1 skylights 1 grimaces 1 trundled 1 artery 1 general 1 quiet 1 biking 1 victoria 1 intrusion 1 atavistic 1 basted 1 clock 1 closer 1 concerns 1 taskmaster 1 anthropologist 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 savages 1 excitable 1 prepared 1 adult 1 germany 1 negligent 1 whispers 1 supremely 1 cadre 1 strokes 1 flowing 1 size 1 beginnings 1 wrestle 1 mrmm - hmm 1 extremely 1 sarcastic 1 babies 1 reardon 1 slopes 1 yea 1 rounded 1 invisible 1 spending 1 drab 1 powerboat 1 tunnel 1 workforce 1 contours 1 medieval 1 empowerment 1 saliva 1 terminated 1 pump 1 boars 1 liar 1 generic 1 tread 1 histories 1 canuck 1 pathetic 1 songs 1 homes 1 amusement 1 acid 1 safety 1 retreat 1 translucent 1 short 1 shutter 1 limbs 1 better - connected 1 ill - advised 1 sophomore 1 recliner 1 primates 1 genuine 1 stormy 1 favored 1 majority 1 unspooled 1 wreckage 1 simply 1 disarmed 1 bitterness 1 tube 1 wen 1 gleaming 1 frenetically 1 reconstruction 1 edition 1 certainty 1 humans 1 cigars 1 skip 1 good - old - boy 1 exterior 1 parochial 1 protocol 1 require 1 philosophy 1 lessons 1 drizzle 1 swankier 1 swivel 1 mouse 1 stacks 1 potboiler 1 valve 1 loosen 1 sunburned 1 bewilderment 1 moles 1 sin 1 marveling 1 blessing 1 imploded 1 hollow - eyed 1 consists 1 noted 1 encryptions 1 impressively 1 merits 1 hang 1 trustworthy 1 functionary 1 cosmetics 1 rear 1 divorces 1 losers 1 exhibits 1 perusing 1 kisses 1 leaped 1 dour 1 fur 1 celebration 1 quits 1 blazed 1 touching 1 glassy - eyed 1 hips 1 revolver 1 circular 1 quarter 1 accosted 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 upset 1 severe 1 demands 1 counter 1 tournaments 1 degive 1 white - water 1 goggles 1 workers 1 slithered 1 ravished 1 prejudice 1 success 1 persons 1 deaf 1 half - magnum 1 lantern 1 decay 1 noises 1 microphones 1 petulance 1 gaining 1 woodwinds 1 consumed 1 yawed 1 corporations 1 overall 1 analyze 1 skullduggery 1 candidate 1 structure 1 niceties 924 .
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i ' m 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you ' ve 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would ' ve 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i ' ve 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might ' ve 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so - called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping - pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must ' ve 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million - million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung - over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should ' ve 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r - t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue - collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black - mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive - bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth - eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest - caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust - stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician - prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep - fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud - splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white - tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half - realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog - eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet - raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade - shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million - dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close - up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw - teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three - hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid - bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private - collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too - bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two - ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip - thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double - breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half - buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric - a - brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well - trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club - hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man - sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas - top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five - piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v - neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray - haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop - motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could ' ve 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd - eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll - smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy - five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete - hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm - breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty - proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive - black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool - aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa - thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well - fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high - society 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron - haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed - off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian - style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie - loving 1 failed - athlete 1 self - help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once - over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king - sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick - jowled 1 yellow - brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 idiot 1 life - size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue - flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self - prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow - hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone - through - the - nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who - the - hell - ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four - door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big - shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose - dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture - talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise - mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet - sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti - western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off - road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick - red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss - drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti - assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long - shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum - dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell - shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half - hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt - tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose - first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high - stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen - million - dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video - taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we ' ve 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin - high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child - warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth - naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no - go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie - of - the - week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half - moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs - up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin - can - under - a - boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin - lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t - shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean - reality 1 7 1 static - laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri - corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card - carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby - hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five - hundred - dollars - a - night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self - serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife - bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second - rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi - collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half - frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed - doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit - all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby - blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper - crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too - loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull - yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red - rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton - chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison - orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster - sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
there i was , stomped and smeared on the heel of an uncaring , narrow minded universe like some shred of dog shit destined to be wiped off on a stretch of well manicured lawn .
two men dead , one mangled beyond recognition and the other sprouting organs like an inward lawn overtaken by parasitic weeds .
her block sometimes seemed like a who s who of weird , from the old man who liked to walk outside in nothing but his underwear , to the militant nut - job that always gave her the stink - eye and yelled racist comments at people who walked on his lawn , to the family that she was pretty sure was running a meth lab , to the creepy guy who seemed waaaay too interested in everyones business , she was glad she did nt have to spend a lot of time outdoors .
include blockhouse interiors , observers in lawn chairs and oversized sunglasses , troops assembling in trenches .
we live on fifty acres , a fallow field stretching from our manicured back lawn to the forest .
when i was first brought in to see it , the house still stood set back from the front gate , overgrown lawn nearly obscuring the path to the front door , it 's fence grayed , aged with time and paint peeling .
malachi held elise tight as she watched the unwelcome procession move out of her house , and miranda come dashing up the front lawn , avoiding the three intruders and police as she balanced in her heels .
as the police car pulled a u - turn to take them off to the station , keith , who was being loaded into the second car glared through a bruised eye socket at owen while james looked back at the house and the six faces that peered through the upper window , pleading for him , and the two that stood on the lawn staring after him .
as he threw his bike onto the lawn , i m not even sure he had his zipper pulled up .
he knew he could nt port a full sized atv on the boat , so he took a blow torch to a golf cart and a lawn mower .
i emerged into a long , wide clearing , ringed by trees and carpeted with grass that looked more like a lawn than a field .
the transmission had come from a riding lawn mower , leaving only two options , forward and reverse .
lucas was looking sweetly pretty in his white lawn frock .
artemis went off with her , casting back a longing look on lucas 's face , which lay in his pillow , almost whiter than the lawn .
together we moved over to the bed , and i lifted the lawn from his face .
by the concentrated light that fell on lucas 's face we could see that the lips were crimson with fresh blood , and that the stream had trickled over him chin and stained the purity of his lawn death - robe .
having passed the wall , we took our way to the house , taking care to keep in the shadows of the trees on the lawn when the moonlight shone out .
there was much moonshine , and as i looked i could see quincy morris run across the lawn and hide herself in the shadow of a great yew tree .
as we passed across the lawn on our way to the station to catch our train we could see the front of the asylum .
if they had been awake they would have seen the newly fallen leaves , illuminated by the moon , casting washes of dull yellows , browns , and reds across the empty streets , sidewalks , and front lawns of the town .
the white siding reflected sunlight a little too well and the well - manicured lawn was the only one in the surrounding neighborhood devoid of fallen leaves .
he pulled up on the lawn in front of his childhood home , stepped out of the car , and listened .
the three exhausted laborers dashed across the front lawn until they stood beneath the protective shelter of the front entrance .
i sent you one last email , opened my bedroom window and threw the computer and monitor on the lawn .
take out the for - sale - by - owner sign in their lawn and replace it with mine .
mr . swieley bent over and put his cigar out on the front lawn .
chapter 24 it was soon learned that erroneously placing jack swieley realty signs in the front lawns of homes that were for - sale - by - owner was no accident .
only two days after placing an ad in the paper and a sign on the front lawn , mrs . rudi looked out her front room window and took notice of a good - looking , young man replacing her for - sale - by - owner sign with one that contained the name of a local real estate company she drew close to the window while sipping her cup of tea .
mrs . rudi was nt interested in jack swieley as she informed the broker - owner , ` ` look , all i know is that this young fellow put his real estate sign in my lawn , first !
but the interesting thing about mrs . rudi : she never quite understood that placing the sign on her front lawn was only an accident .
the trivelli house now echoed with those joyful tunes as she worked feverishly , outside , decorating the lawns and exterior with more colored lights , illuminated figures of wintery animals , and of course , an outdoor nativity .
mary asked her husband , ` ` did you drive on the backyard lawn ? ''
just what sort of electrical equipment would weigh heavy enough to require backing up on the lawn ?
streets , driveways and lawns were littered with bodies some partially eaten , others mangled .
he sat in a fold - up lawn chair with a white five - gallon bucket beside him and a fishing pole in one hand .
it is part golf cart , part lawn mower , and the only transportation we have except for walking .
the dunes at the edge of the lawn and the top of the station still gleamed in sunlight , but night had begun staking claim to everything else .
you are a killer , and so are those people over there , and that boy by the fountain , and the lady sitting on the lawn .
the sun rose higher over gentle slopes of grove and lawn , and heightened the colours of the thousand flowers that starred each knoll and dangle .
my lawn has been dead for weeks .
i cut through the neighbors lawn even though i 'll get yelled at about it later .
a white , chevy monte carlo had been driven off the driveway and was parked on the lawn , facing the house .
a small , orange sun was rising in the east , and it cast pumpkin - coloured light on the manicured lawns and asphalt byways below .
a tasteless plastic angel stood next to the maple tree on our lawn .
i walked across the empty road , passing the light of a streetlamp and mounting the curb onto the circular lawn around the apartment .
when i sat in the middle of the lawn , away from the streetlights reach , i stopped .
the stalker man strode towards me , eyes blazing blue , arms sweeping across the lawn , legs snapping , twitching , stopping in their horrible , shuddering way .
it had a balcony , a narrow driveway , and roses blooming along the lawn .
the lawn of this house was browning .
for the most part it was ranch - style houses though , with sprinklers and flower gardens and one or two tasteless lawn ornaments .
the sidewalks turned to gravel sides , the driveways became narrow strips of asphalt cutting across unmowed lawns .
i took a few steps through the lawn .
bonnie and todd chatted idly all the way back to the house where geoff was waiting for them in a plastic lawn chair on the front porch .
the evening shadows were long , and at first she did n't notice the tall man in the long , dark coat striding across the lawn .
fred , his assistants , and the twenty or thirty remaining zombies all made their way slowly out the front of the cabin and began piling themselves up on the lawn .
that did nt include the freaks on the lawns .
i had initially tried to count the ones standing in the surrounding lawns , but overgrown trees and hedges , not to mention other buildings , blocked my view and my count came up inaccurate .
only to see mr . lasally come home a half - hour later , get out the leaf blower , and then blow the leaves from his front lawn onto brubakers .
brubaker picked up the odd chestnut from his own lawn , but he did nt have the heart to toss it onto walters lawn .
brubaker picked up the odd chestnut from his own lawn , but he did nt have the heart to toss it onto walters lawn .
some years later ; when all his buddies were cops , firemen , or working at the plants for $ 90,000 a year , he was still cutting lawns .
its all because a few people are employed in lawn care .
yeah , the sort of people who run for city council are also the kind of people that employ a lawn service to come in and spray .
one of the minor joys of being a fuckin aristocrat is a nice lawn .
if truth be told , tv shows that led people to believe that any crime could be solved by science ; the problem with that was ; some guy finds a beer bottle on his lawn , he s screaming for a dna test to catch the perp !
after six or seven hours of sleep , you could get up , run a few errands or cut the lawn .
to his right , there was a drop - off to a narrow patch of lawn , and a row of conifers which provided some shade and made the place look a little friendlier .
the porch light cast his reflection across her lawn , stretching it out toward her .
the lawn surrounding the church seemed to twinkle as the rays hit the morning dew .
van was parked at the edge of the lawn and police units had been dispatched from what appeared to be most all of the surrounding cities .
once because mitchs leaves were blowing into his yard and another time because the limb of the big oak out front was overhanging his yard and dropping acorns all over his freshly - cut lawn .
the front lawn was spacious , though somewhat neglected .
then , exhausted for the uselessness of his / her condition , he laid down defeated on the lawn behind the building .
the intimacy of angel , liquid and malodorous , you / he / she was now scattered on the lawn .
it diverted from the path and it pushed him in the lawn , leaving back it .
it was nt a wealthy neighborhood , and several homes had the requisite car in the lawn that seemed to be a disclaimer of low property value .
one leg is broken , the other is gone , the third one is splattered all over the lawn .
marine one ready for embarkation on the south lawn sir .
* marine one lifted off from the whitehouse front lawn at 7.30 p.m. , and approximately one hour later , landed at seymour johnston air force base in north carolina to refuel .
the three crewmembers and the director had been escorted from extraction helicopter two which had touched down on the whitehouse lawn ten minutes previous to chopper one which had been transporting the zipped up body - bag containing elias penchansky .
nelson catts was next to jump , and although his seven foot frame made it slightly awkward for him to fit through such a small gap , with a little extra effort he too managed to make it down onto the lawn unhurt .
steadily , they progressed towards their destination , until , only a few yards from their south lawn entry point , elias stopped dead in his tracks .
* commander elias penchansky left the horrors of the whitehouse building behind him , and as he strolled through the red misty vapours of the south lawn on his way to the main road , a smile returned to his lips and he could nt help but laugh out loud at the ludicrous events that had taken place over the past four days .
probably best we do nt walk on the grass , as well , said florina , pointing at the neatly cut lawn ahead of us .
no movement on the lawn and only an occasional car passing by on the road out front .
she wore a tattered shirt and faded jeans as ragged as her hair , and as she approached he saw that her feet were naked on the pale stubble of the lawn .
and yet i found myself on the mountain road in the light of morning , whereas a moment before i had been crossing the darkened lawn in front of the rexdale house ; i had noticed my shadow moving on the wall -- in the dark of night -- and i had turned to see the maples thrashing in a sudden wind .
staghorn sumac and hawthorns had spread across the fields ; grey stalks of burdock and milkweed bristled on ragged lawns .
standing on the lawn , staring at the trees and sky , i found that nothing in the everyday world could dispel the cold fear that haunted me .
where the pathway came to an end , black steps glinting with mica led down to a lawn that bordered the creek like a green alley .
he descended to the well - cut lawn , and found himself at the entrance to the shadowed alley between high stone wall and thick mass of cedars .
it was no longer empty : the lawn was crowded with tightly - grouped sculptures and statues .
the gun had flung from thoms hand and onto the lawn , so isabel made a run for it as i approached thom .
isabel was kneeling in the lawn aiming the gun at the thing , smoke lazily creeping skyward from the barrel .
thom dropped onto it as it fell , pushing its head into the lawn , jaws snapping .
isabel and thom let go of each other and looked at me , then started looking around on the lawn .
we tore across the lawn and into another grouping of apartment buildings , trying to get as much distance as we could between us and the infected .
from what he could see in the dark , the lawn looked well - kept , the bushes were trimmed , the white paint was nt peeling off the side of the house , none of the windows were busted , and even as he headed towards the screen door he could tell there were no holes on it that needed to be mended .
even when times were really tough his father would find some kind of odd job he could do : clean a truck - stop bathroom , mow a lawn , or simple manual labor for a contractor .
damn damn damn , reginald said again , peeling aside a drape and looking out at his sun - drenched lawn .
mike rushed into his suite and picked up the phone to call the police and while he was doing so , he looked out his window at the pool below and saw that they woman was no longer there on the lawn .
there was no womans body laying anywhere around on the lawn and he looked up to the spot where he had seen her jump off the 14th floor from the patio on the roof .
they drove right up on the lawn near his body and a couple of paramedics rushed over to him .
we walked over the wide expanse of manicured lawn to a wooden bench set on a cliff high above the sandy beach .
` ` he made them , except for cordelia , get on their knees on the lawn and pray for the weather to clear up .
he found her sprawled on the lawn of the church , partially hidden beside the broad stairs leading to the front door .
homes lined the block , uncut grass growing long in the lawns .
lance spotted a few daywalkers stumbling across a lawn on the other side of the street .
the backend parked on the lawn of a brick home .
tires spun on an overgrown lawn , kicking dirt at the men running behind .
he spit a line of tobacco juice on the lawn as he raised his m4 , taking aim at the front of the truck .
men sat in lawn chairs around a fire in the yard of another home , weapons resting across their laps .
lance cut the wheel toward the lawns again , crushing a parked motorcycle with the grill .
ryan had taken to checking up on her a couple of times a week , just to see if she needed something , or to mow her lawn .
someone was watering their lawn or garden or washing their car when they got bitten , and the hose has been running ever since .
the front lawn , boarded by rose bushes near the house and by ceramic gnomes near the white picket fence , is now the arena for an indecorous battle between frank and the zombies .
the young tuckers , a middle age couple named laura and will , run onto the lawn .
i cleaned the house , pulled weeds in the defunct garden , checked fences , pulled water from the well , picked rocks out of the lawn and small pasture , and washed the clothes by hand , hanging them to dry on a makeshift clothesline .
from here , i can see the parking lot and the front lawn .
claire wrapped her fingers around the stun gun just as the zombies from the back of the house moved onto the front lawn .
about twenty people with the sickness are in the road , on neighboring lawns and chasing after speeding cars .
i spot a group , of nearly fifteen on my front lawn , as quickly as they see me .
jaysh watched them as they stood watching him , a colony of fat and grubby serpents rising from the lawn .
in the lawn behind the manor , as if to settle the matter of identity once and for all , the air began to fill with the sound of sails billowing in the wind .
chapter five : green lawns her morning was frantic .
she gestured to the brilliant blue sky , a heady contrast to the lush , bright green lawns that adorned every house like a comfortable blanket .
summer on their street had been an endless , idyllic scene of laughing children holding hot dogs , mustard smeared on their colourful t - shirts , bubbles flying over lawns of seafoam coloured grass , cut to perfection .
george stood dumbfounded on the front lawn of jack 's house , the man 's severed head in his hands dripping blood and bbq sauce .
the theme from the pink panther crept across the silent , green , overly manicured lawns like a pop jazz dirge .
this used to be a sleepy , gentle little place made up of bright green lawns , yellow and purple flowers and brilliant blue skies that stretched across infinity .
helga brought over a lawn chair before disappearing back into the kitchen .
` ` i ' m just saying he should be enjoying the sunshine , loving the way the sun is pasted like a circle in the sky , the lawns so neat and green , the world a ball of bright blue .
as he jounced down the rutted road back into town , he saw flashlight beams shining across the pitted lawn from the large old mansion that served the dual function of funeral parlor and groundskeepers quarters .
some folks had even parked on the lawn , so uncle jack found himself a not too terribly inconvenient spot on tulip poplar lane , the side street that ran behind the church and over into the wealthy part of town .
the moon rose , spilling silvery light across the neatly cropped lawn .
bethany hopped out , her legs uncertain as she jogged across the lawn while yelling for her father and daughter .
there were just pieces of torn flesh flung in every direction like a lawn mower had run over a cat .
people emerge from their houses for the first time in days , blinking at the patches of green and brown materializing on their lawns .
lucius swirled across the damp grass in a pattern of loops and whirls , dancing himself into the middle of the largest lawn in the park .
it was known as the ocean 's lawn to most but the place of the sand to him .
one could actually see the ocean from the lawn .
as soon as he reached the center of the lawn , he stopped his dancing pirouettes .
just graying wood jutting sleepily from the deep bluegrass lawn , waiting for boats that never came nor went save for her dads pathetic little 14 foot aluminum flat bottom with the 5 horse outboard on back that started only after her father had sworn at it for about 20 minutes and worked himself into a lather pulling at the starter cord .
max packaging co. was printed inside the star , another sign on the lawn .
no one had mowed the lawn in years .
in the night , people tumbled out onto the lawn like colorful kerchiefs from the laundry .
i watched them collect like decorative balls for a collage , while i stood beside one of the many cars on the lawn .
out amidst the lawn there were little ponds with stone edges and bright green lily pads .
there was an outline of trees around this lawn .
before she knew it lucy was slipping on a pair of shorts and a t - shirt and was padding barefoot across the lawn to the peeling white picket fence that separated the two properties .
standing there on her grandmothers lawn was abbey adams .
in fact if she could see her daughter now , shed probably rocket out of her expensive lawn furniture , choking and sputtering on her southern comfort as she staggered across her immaculate lawn .
in fact if she could see her daughter now , shed probably rocket out of her expensive lawn furniture , choking and sputtering on her southern comfort as she staggered across her immaculate lawn .
high rocky cliffs topped by rolling lawns begging for summer picnics .
as the leaderless group crouched shivering behind an overgrown yew hedge bordering the last expanse of unkempt lawn , larry white succeeded in getting the front door open .
she smiled out at the darkened lawn .
it was one of those houses you could bet belonged to a loving family white picket fence bordering a picture perfect green lawn .
i rolled across the lawn and landed on my hands and feet .
i dropped the bumper on the lawn .
my neighbors were horrified by the never ending parade of puppies that encroached upon their perfectly manicured lawns and walkways and were so incensed that some of them threatened legal action against me if i did nt put an end to this so called puppy pollution .
in a moment of stillness , as they pulled the buckles tight , i glimpsed dr . fabrinis slight figure walking across the lawn towards the house .
on the lawn a few feet ahead of him was a signpost .
the hedge gave way to the view of the lawn , but shepherd focused instead on the iron gate to his left .
we kept moving across the park lawn towards the hospital which was situated across the street .
as far as she was concerned she would ve been just fine sitting back in her lawn chair under the sun , sipping her long island ice tea , smoking her virginia slim lights while watching her husband mark give her bedroom eyes as he mowed the grass , and then have bbq chicken on the grill with corn on the cob and mashed potatoes and that badass sugar cream pie , and maybe just maybe her husband would fist fuck her again like he did the other night .
before that , all of the traffic had been local , limited to the state roads , those claustrophobically tight two lane roads with dead trees and a sheer rock wall on one side and and a guard rail on the other , occasionally punctuated by a broken down shack , with a lawn inevitably covered in discarded , used tires and other assorted junk .
the locals were bundled up , equipped with lawn chairs and coolers and stacks of driftwood prudently collected earlier in the day .
robert collapsed onto one of the lawn chairs and put his hands to his face .
he tossed the bones , one by one , out onto the lawn .
he probably should nt have thrown the girls bones on her own lawn , but maybe some stray dogs would carry them off or something .
he wended his way through the cluttered , chaotic streets , at times being forced to drive over sidewalks and lawns , and even through a fence or two .
the windows were boarded up , the lawn was dead and the single functional light was a bare bulb that burned day and night over the steps to the basement .
they made it through the door just as sunlight washed over the front lawn .
we do know that john because the bastard would have been torn to shreds by the devil dog and shat all over his own lawn .
they sat on lawn chairs and watched their twin five - year - old girls and seven - year - old boy to make sure they did not get too close to the fire .
bill and sarah ran to them , trying to cover their skin with anything they could find : lawn chairs , plastic tablecloths , their bodies .
henry swerved to the right , bounced over the lawn , and then found the driveway once more .
henry drives over the manicured lawn , carefully avoiding trees and flower berms , until they come to the back of the house .
there were scraggy lawns and kids toys in the yards around it .
its own lawn was getting long .
the string of phlegm spun like a bola as it sailed outward and down to the lawn .
tom climbed out of the car and limped across the lawn .
walking across the lawn that afternoon to ring the bell had been a lot like picking up the phone to dial her number , only slower .
his heart was thumping and he wondered for a moment how his daughter would feel finding her estranged father dead from a heart attack on her front lawn .
he ran across the lawn , toward the house , and burst through the front door with his gun drawn .
it moved fast across the lawn to the far end of the yard and grippa heard the sounds of someone shoving their way through the brush .
he punched his brakes in the gravel driveway , spraying rocks out across the lawn and stepped from the car as the engine died .
they stole across the lawn , toward the house and then hesitated .
grippa bounded forward to see him getting up off the lawn , glass shards raining off him , grinning .
he looked across his lawn and saw his neighbor watering rows of assorted flowers she had planted underneath her bedroom windows .
i m going to finish the lawn , run a few errands and then swing by the airport to pick her up .
todd nodded , bent over and removed the air filter on his lawn mower .
they used all of the pieces to spell pay up , on the guys front lawn .
she would sit quietly on the gray concrete steps leading to the front door of their two - story house and patiently watch her father as he raked the lawn .
then shed bolt across the well - kept suburban lawn and belly flop into the peak of the pile .
their neighbor said she saw a man pull into the driveway , retrieve the shears from the lawn and drive away .
a light dusting of snow covered the lawn and glistened under the yellow streetlights .
we went through town , gathered up about 15 for sale signs from peoples lawns and stuck them all in malvadas yard .
the property was drab and run - down , and the front lawn had n't been mowed in a month .
with that established , victor revved up the mower and paraded up and down the front lawn .
the sky transformed itself into an angry red ocean as frederick sat in the lawn chair beside the open screen door , training his eyes on the tree line at the far end of the airstrip .
paul was still fiddling around in the hangar while frederick sat in the lawn chair , delivering the final drag to his cigarette .
he took the wet glass from its spot on the lawn table , and shook out the final drops , spotting the whitewashed concrete .
an elderly lawn worker stood laconically , far back in the garden to the left , the only hint of his servitude rather than confinement , a uniform with his unintelligible name stitched across one breast .
he d read it sitting beneath a diseased elm near one corner of their vast lawn .
matt , one of my fourteen - year - old brothers , pushed sam , his twin , onto the lawn .
i stood on the lawn and stared up .
the tall grass of the lawn swayed in a hot , oven - like breeze ; i was surprised dad had nt forced matt or samor bothto cut it yet .
it was very picturesque with lots of pretty green trees and mowed lawns and flowers .
gracie found it pleasant walking down the pretty little street lined with trees , white fences and freshly mowed lawns .
the workers were all sitting around on the lawn and the tail gates of their trucks eating lunch and a few noticed her pass .
shed cleaned the rest of the house top to bottom , called a yard service to handle the lawn , made the necessary changes of residence and voting cards .
usually , when he delivered there were cars in and out of driveways , kids racing down the street on bikes , ice cream trucks idling in the road , lawn mowers throwing out their plumes of grass .
it was a good seventy yards straight across to the neighbors doorway and there was no movement on the street or lawns .
even now , some neighbor struggled behind a push - mower to snap his lawn back into shape and patsy wondered what foul mess the man lived among within the walls of his home ?
his contemporaries were likely waking up , mowing their lawn , cooking breakfast for their kids , reading the paper .
sam softly closed the door and lurked deeper into his back patio , creeping past his only lawn chair towards the pool .
the demon fell onto the lawn below .
on the lawn below , ray was still killing demons in midair .
ahead , bonfires had been built on the lawn in front of the high energy physics lab .
nathan walked across a section of chain link fence that was lying on the ground and onto the lawn .
university of virginia observatory , charlottesville , virginia ray adair stood on the front lawn of the observatory with twenty werewolves , among them his pregnant wife .
sammy and his men stood on the lawn in front of the observatory .
the blizzard was still tossing snow in every direction , but when i squinted my vision , i saw the lawn and my half - assed mounds of snow littering the edges of the walk like connect - the - dots .
she saw a big , beautiful house with a huge green lawn , and a fence around .
as she stepped in , she noticed some bumps in lawn .
dead men , stretching their legs on the lawn , were the next death - defying challenge for her .
she had reached in the middle of the lawn , but to her surprise no ghost approached her .
i had developed a habit of sitting under the carport in a lawn chair , enjoying a cup or two of coffee , especially when it was raining .
the full moon lit up the night like a lantern and washed the rolling lawn that abutted a dirt road and acres of harvested cornstalks in a milky glow .
and sure enough , moments later , a large country house loomed up ahead , lit up by rows of decorative lamp - posts around a circular front lawn .
she looked at the lawns and the trees and beyond them the open fields , and she sighed gently before looking at franco , we shall have to go back to the house , i need to know what 's happened .
she had been expecting to find an old ruin with weeds and mile - high grass for a front garden , instead she saw that the front lawn had recently been mown and the rendered walls of the cottage had been painted , the thatching was all intact , it looked as if the house was lived in .
the terrified creatures scampered off and often ran the bulky dogs ragged before escaping , but kelvin always had another one to hand , one that he let go on the lawn for them to tear to pieces .
pretty soon the hunt was on , the dogs let loose they raced across the lawns towards the forest , snapping at each other in their eagerness to be first to the kill .
his gaze settled on a small group of crows waddling across the lawns , pecking and cawing , swaggering like black knights amongst peasants .
across the lawn kelvin bright stood in his bedroom window , wearing only his camo boxers , he d had a restless night and decided to smoke a cigarette before trying to get back to sleep , he had n't bothered to switch on the light opting instead to pull back the curtains .
cairo was drawn from her melancholy reverie when she heard the dogs ' snarling approach , her eyes widening in fear as their black forms raced across the lawn towards her .
* susan , norfolk - 2000 churchyard trees dripping with pink blossom overhung the garden wall at the back of the little norfolk cottage , a gusty spring wind brought down cascades like confetti turning the newly mown lawn pink .
tommy paston had been in the gardens the day before , mowing the lawns and tidying up the windblown debris .
a small silvery figure danced across the lawn in front of her .
in his hiding place across the lawn , beneath the slender willow branches , mr underhill braced himself , his fists clenched tight .
eve pointed an accusing finger at cairo and stepped forward , with each step forward cairo stepped backwards , they were crossing the lawn towards the willow .
a week later in the central station transfer tunnel of crossroads , she saw an operator perched on his ladder , rectifying children running on a green lawn for an insurance company .
among eroded medieval statues half - sunk at angles in the shabby lawn , stiff - faced patients wandered about like automatons in the company of white - uniformed attendants .
beyond that curve the machine promised clean well - lighted corridors , a bustle of staff , the sound of voices other than the echoes of his own , arrows everywhere pointing to the way out through the lobby , past the ancient blunted statues sunk like tombstones in the lawn , arrows pointing to the way out of the hospital complex , for good , no return ever to the senseless perilous quest .
she felt - penciled a red arrow - pierced heart in a soft - drink lawn .
the eroded statues half - sunk at angles in the lawn were like ghosts .
he printed the first message to teddy in basic white on a green lawn .
mr . hunter and mrs . christina hold hands while they lie in matching lawn chairs .
she held her head down for a second and then gazed out over the wet , green lawn .
deer hopped across college campuses , birds sang , butterflies were everywhere and squirrels flashed across the lawns of residents in search of food .
to her surprise , she was on the front lawn .
he held up the lamp and looked over the lawn .
dead grass does not form in the shape of foot prints on a perfectly manicured lawn .
he shambled across the manicured cemetery lawn , gaining more confidence in his footfalls until he was pumping his long arms and legs in a near - run .
the streets and lawns were already filled with neighbors .
the lawn was totally overgrown .
the house was in no better shape than the lawn .
the lawn was green and living at an acceptable height .
she told us that we could have the bodies moved over to summit lawn if we wanted to ; there was no existing family to object .
at first i thought that the yard crew i 'd contracted to take care of the lawn did it , but that did n't make any sense .
i held him tightly by the throat as i opened the door , then tossed him out as easily as if i 'd been throwing a beer can across the lawn .
i had to work quickly , being sure to get her back onto the lawn with the for sale sign on her before my trusted bookkeeper returned .
` ` you tore up half the damn lawn moving it around ! ''
lots of them wore makeup and i did nt , but otherwise i fit in if you saw us standing on the front lawn of the school on a spring afternoon with the sun warming the tops of our heads , making us happy to be alive .
i would talk on about our garden and the book i was reading and how i liked the big , sweeping lawn at the front of our high school .
i do nt know what happened , if i looked away , if the path twisted more sharply than i d realized and for a moment the area where they sat was blocked by the corner of the building , but when i arrived at the spot where the path dissolved into the lawn , i looked at the bench and it was empty .
part of that was from the sun which was well up , beaming through the floor - to - ceiling windows which looked out onto the front lawn .
even from a distance , she could see figures in front of the house , a man and a woman , not unlike two lawn ornaments planted in the snow .
the other , pink from head to foot , resembling one of those pink flamingos people put on their lawns , could be none other than lydia .
before opening her own car door , she saw out of the corner of her eye a movement on the lawn .
and why were the two of you out here on the lawn in the snow in the cold ?
josey stepped away from the roaring inferno that had once been his dad 's prized lawn and stood in the road that went past his house .
they had just completed all the construction and the grass had n't even come up on his lawn when he occupied the house .
i stood on the shaggy lawn of an oversized house .
up ahead with a sizeable head start price cut across a lawn and turned a corner .
he was out the door , down his steps and on his front lawn in seconds .
the rear tires dug deep furrows in his beautiful lawn as he pressed the gas pedal all the way down to the floor .
jsus gunned it across three more lawns , leaving a pair of troughs in the grass behind him as he went .
he hit every damned one of the hundred or so pink flamingos and lawn gnomes that the man had collected since the death of his wife , even when he had to swerve a little to reach them .
lynn and douglas were with him , sitting in the lawn chairs and silently watching as he grumbled to himself and fumbled with the knobs on the side of the radio .
guns , ammunition , clothing , lawn furniture .
jason was looking at the lawn gnomes when from across the floor came a loud and excited ach der liebe !
he dropped the lawn gnome that he had been examining and sprinted towards source of the exclamation .
jason ignited the engine , threw the gear into reverse and hit the gas , driving straight through a patchy civic lawn and down the sidewalk .
bob did nt reply , his stupid , bloody grin did nt move , and he kept shuffling across the lawn toward sven , dribbling blood and bits of flesh .
when the weather was nice sven liked to work his arms on the front lawn .
and most importantly , ivan approved , always keeping sven company during the front lawn arm - pumping sessions .
killed bill , who was not quite killed all the way through , kept on inching his way across the lawn , forgetting his legs behind him .
sven leapt painfully from the driveway onto the front lawn , then ran to the window where jane was .
there were bits of flesh strewn across the lawn that sven assumed were the remains of the mailman , but they were too unrecognizable for definite identification .
unsure of whether to be glad or fretful at the lack of jungle imagery , sven walked straight to his door , avoiding the scattered remains on the lawn .
no more screams , sven thought , recalling the sounds that had traveled into his front lawn on the first day of the outbreak .
he saw the backyards of tiny houses nearby with sheds on many lawns .
all he saw were small houses and buildings , lined up side - by - side , with overgrowing lawns .
darryl grabs the front door , fumbles for his keys , and turns to look at me lying in the lawn .
the street was a river of smooth asphalt unmarred by center lines and bordered by perfect sidewalks and deep lawns that reached back to brick and stone mansions .
it 's fall and the leaves are just beginning coat the lawns with specks of auburn , saffron and gold .
i walk across the lawn kicking up the fallen remnants of spring 's rebirth and listening to the crinkles and cracks they make under my shoes .
really she was sitting in a folding lawn chair , slowly scanning the area outside our little compound for intruders .
she folded the lawn chair and went to the suburban , opened the rear door and put it inside .
getting out of the car , i saw the green gardens filled with hostas and felt the early dew already clinging to the lawn , a deep earthy scent hung in the air choking me .
i was used to clean lawns manicured by unseen people the apartment manager hired .
there were only a few people tending to their lawns or sitting on their front porches .
the manicured lawn was turning brown and all of the potted flowers were dry and brittle .
across the browning lawn , stood the white gazebo at the heart of the town square empty and forgotten .
thunder rolled in the distance and a few random raindrops began to fall , but little groups ignored the weather and gathered on the sidewalk and lawn .
he walked out of the courthouse lawn and to the south where his car was parked .
it took all of his strength to get up and move through the fire onto the lawn .
he wished he had died on his back lawn of the plantation .
if his monetary needs went higher than what these could provide during any given week , there was always someone who needed his lawn mowed .
somewhere close by was the popping , burping sound of a lawn boy .
who was mowing dussander 's lawn this year ?
but good things came in threes , everyone knew that at last the nurse came back with an intern , a young man named dr timpnell whose hair looked as if it had last been cut by a lawn boy with very dull blades .
tonight he loved everyone '' lydia , dr timpnell with his lawn boy haircut , mr denker , even the young girl who brought in the supper trays as morris hung up .
in the summer he hired a kid to mow his lawn , but i do n't think he 'd gotten one this year .
across the street frank wanamaker 's wife , elizabeth , was sitting on their lawn pulling up weeds .
as i started to close the door i saw elizabeth out on her lawn again , white gloved , poking a trowel at the garden soil .
i raced across the lawn , leaped onto the porch and slammed through the front doorway .
` ` we 'd appreciate it , '' i told him as he turned away and stepped over the plants onto the lawn .
switching off the engine , i shoved out the door and raced across the dark lawn , leaping onto the porch with one panicked bound .
i cruised behind her until i saw her heavy body pitch forward onto a lawn and lie there , twitching .
as i drove up to the house late that afternoon i saw elsie watering her lawn .
after she 'd gone , i stood on the lawn looking at the spot where the car had turned left onto the boulevard .
looking across the street i saw frank in his shorts coming out of his garage with a lawn mower .
about two - thirty i got the lawn mower out of the garage and started working on the front lawn .
about two - thirty i got the lawn mower out of the garage and started working on the front lawn .
harry sentas was standing on his porch looking at me and i realized that i was halfway onto his lawn , cutting a crooked swath lower than the level of his grass , ` ` oh , i - i ' m sorry , '' i said , flustered .
while i was finishing up the lawn , ron came out of his house and got into their pontiac convertible which was standing in the driveway .
after he 'd driven off , i finished up the lawn , emptied the grass - catcher and put the mower back in the garage .
yet here i was in this sunlit bedroom and , across the street , i heard someone mowing his lawn .
if i 'd seen elizabeth lying on her lawn with doctors bending over her i might have thought it frightening - but not unbelievable .
i pushed away from the wall and started running across the lawn .
i jumped the curb and ran across frank and elizabeth 's lawn .
i leaped the curb and rushed across their lawn .
the next afternoon when i came home from work elsie was on her lawn , watering the grass .
across the street i saw elizabeth sitting on her lawn .
they were surrounded by big lawns in the summertime , but now the lawns were glazed snowfields .
they were surrounded by big lawns in the summertime , but now the lawns were glazed snowfields .
people were playing croquet on the side lawn .
the moonlight aided in that deception , but it was mostly caused by the way the steps rose from tom mccourt 's well - kept lawn to the only pillared porch on the street .
` ` the man is n't as paranoid as some of those militia types out in utah - i mean , he does live in taxachusetts - but he 's got one of those burglar alarm signs on his lawn that basically says do you feel lucky , punk , and i ' m sure you must be familiar with the nra 's stated policy as to just when their guns will be taken away from them . ''
i certainly wo n't do it if i see any bodies on the guy 's lawn , with or without gunshot wounds .
he found himself hopping toward the inside door and pulling at it in a kind of panic while he looked out at salem street , sure that lights would start going on up and down the block even though he knew the power was out , sure that someone - maybe the gun - owning , gadget - loving mr . nickerson from up the street - would come out on his lawn and yell for someone to for chrissake shut that kid up .
the woman in the pants suit was cutting across tom 's lawn .
clay watched to see if any of the crazies would try breaking into any of the houses , but although they occasionally walked on the lawns , they showed no signs of graduating from trespass to burglary .
the flocking was n't human behavior and they 'd known it from the moment they 'd observed george the mechanic following the woman in the filthy pants suit across tom 's front lawn to salem street .
and driving over the lawns is out of the question .
outside , nearly a thousand phone - crazies stood on the lawn between the smoking ruins of the soccer field and cheatham lodge .
a few of the dead they saw littered on those lawns as they once more began their trek north were phone - crazies , but most had been innocent pilgrims who had happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time .
within two blocks of the town hall , not even the lawns were free of cars .
they lit up the front of a modest one - story wooden house , sitting neatly on a postage stamp of lawn .
here the ground was thick with snaking electrical cables , and the spaces between the campers were filled with the accessories of families who lived on the road : barbecues , gas grills , lawn chairs , a hammock , a little laundry whirligig with clothes that had probably been hanging there for almost two weeks .
the plymouth was parked on the lawn of the postwar tract house from which the old man had issued .
the lawn was horrible , but it looked positively great with that plymouth in the foreground for perspective .
lebay grunted and walked across his unhealthy lawn to his back door .
there was a rectangle of grass on lebay 's lawn that was even yellower , balder , and uglier than the rest of his lawn .
there was a rectangle of grass on lebay 's lawn that was even yellower , balder , and uglier than the rest of his lawn .
and he was gone , running across the lawn to lebay 's door .
the little swatch of lebay 's lawn that i could see was not yellowed , balding , and crabgrassy but a dark , rich , newly cut green .
lebay was standing on his balding lawn not far from the place where that big patch of oil had defoliated everything , and he had this great big old man 's snotrag out and his head was down and he was wiping his eyes with it .
i started down the lawn to my car .
i glanced back once as i made the turn onto martin street and saw him standing there on his lawn , the sunlight gleaming on his bald head .
i pulled in behind him and had no more than gotten out when a young woman waddled down towards us from her house , skirting a pretty good collection of plastic - fantastic that was planted on her lawn ( two pink flamingos , four or five little stone ducks in a line behind a big stone mother duck , and a really good plastic wishing well with plastic flowers planted in the plastic bucket ) .
the two porky kids were there at the edge of their lawn .
ralph came charging across his lawn , still holding his drippy burger and his beer .
i could actually feel my body moan in protest at the yo - yo string my emotions had been on ever since we pulled up to lebay 's house and saw that the damned car was n't on the lawn anymore .
- the steve miller band i thought arnie would turn up that saturday , so i hung around the house - mowed the lawn , cleaned up the garage , even washed all three cars .
he came over on his tacky old three - speed the next afternoon while elaine and i were playing croquet on the back lawn .
we sat down in the lawn chairs .
' the neighbours would never have stood for a car just mouldering away out on someone 's lawn .
he put it out on the lawn with a for sale sign in the window .
most of them had lost touch with rollie , but one of them said he thought he 'd seen the car out there on the lawn for the first time this may . '
i was pretty sure that when we first saw her standing on lebay 's lawn , with a for sale sign propped against her windscreen , there had been a good - sized rusty dent on one side or the other , near the rear end - the sort of deep dent that my grandfather always called a ' hoss - kick ' .
christine sat in the cunninghams ' asphalted driveway as she had once sat on roland d. lebay 's lawn , but looking considerably better now than she had then - she looked cool and above all this ugly , undignified family bickering .
but in spite of the snow around the edges - or maybe because of it - their lawn looked oddly green as arnie stepped out into the twilight , and his father looked like a strange refugee from summer as he raked the last of the autumn leaves .
she had been a hunk of junk sitting on lebay 's lawn and he had brought her back ; then she had been a hunk of junk sitting in the long - term lot out at the airport and he had brought her back again .
christine came again instead , engine howling , lights glaring across his snow - covered lawn .
christine came again , roaring across the lawn and striking the side of the house .
he watched christine come across the snow - covered lawn , saw her bonnet fly up so that now her front end resembled the mouth of a huge red and white alligator .
the storm had blown itself out by noon on christmas day , and now the hard and cloudless blue sky seemed to deny that there even was such a thing as snow - but the dunelike drifts rolling across lawns all up and down the street like the backs of great buried beasts confirmed it .
we saw her on his lawn one day when we were coming home from work , and ' you 're doing it too , ' she said softly .
but to drive a car over some guy 's snow covered lawn and slam it through the side of his house and into his living room ?
he was able to brush it aside and reveal a small square of lawn outlined with flowers .
the lawn was very green .
the left arm of his suit - coat was torn , and it was splattered with runnels of black stuff that seemed to be smoking , as the pit in the lawn had been smoking .
he clamped his fingers over her wrist like a handcuff and they ran from the house looming over the hedge , and from the smoking hole in the lawn .
grandfather coslaw sat looking down the slope of the lawn toward the woods , a glass of schnapps in one hand .
it stands for a moment at the base of the lawn and seems to scent the air ... and then it begins to shamble up the slope toward where marty sits on the slate flagstones in his wheelchair , his eyes bulging , his upper body shrinking against the canvas back of his chair .
it claws at its face , bellowing , and as the first lights go on in the coslaw house it turns and bounds back down the lawn toward the woods , leaving behind it only a smell of singed fur and the first frightened and bewildered cries from the house .
she pointed at a length of picket fence that had been knocked over and was lying on the lawn of a small frame house .
the house was not boarded up , the lawn was not overgrown heaven forbid !
beside them , duddits has found a last few gone - to - seed dandelions on the neighbors ' lawn and is down on his belly , blowing the fluff off them and watching it float away on the breeze .
he had been out on the lawn of his house , the one in paducah , his father still at work , his mother off somewhere , probably at the grace baptist , getting ready for one of her endless bake sales ( unlike kurtz , when randi underhill said praise jesus , she meant it ) , and an ambulance had pulled up next door , at the rapeloews ' .
mr rapeloew glanced to his right as the men loaded his wife into the ambulance and saw owen kneeling on his lawn in his short pants and playing with his ball .
finally he got up and crossed to the rapeloews ' lawn .
it was the tone he might have used to say kathi tells me you 're having a lawn party and there are fresh krispy kremes on offer .
if others on this little stub of street had come to their windows ( or out on their lawns ) , the hummer blocked their view of me sitting beside the dog with my bad right leg awkwardly outstretched .
things were better for me now , but that was the world i 'd woken up to , one where words clanged senselessly and memories were scattered like lawn furniture after a windstorm .
the same something that makes the flora grow like a mad bastard in a climate where you need irrigation just to keep the frigging lawns from dying .
it had a wide drive sweeping boldly up to it , splitting what looked like two acres of lawn .
but the lawn looked strangely ragged unkempt and there were holes in the line of ornamental palms dancing like hula girls on either side of the house .
it did the damage you see in this picture not much , really ; blew down some palms , knocked out some glass , tore up the lawn .
it came out of the swimming pool just after they finished playing adie 's wedding in rampopo , the baby - house on the side lawn ( today lo - lo got to play adie ) .
it was outside rampopo the baby playhouse on the side lawn after they drowned .
the ship ... the ship ... family , four of them , anyway , standing on the beach with their hands linked like paperdolls and those big elizabeth happysmiles ... the ship ... the house , with what looked like a negro lawn jockey standing on its head ... the ship , that gorgeous white swallow ... john eastlake ... john eastlake screaming ... blood running from his nose and one eye ...
there was more than that to the lawn jockey i was almost positive but i did n't know what , and this probably was n't the time to chase after it , anyway .
they poked up like giants ' teeth from the swale of weeds that had replaced the lawn .
on the gulf side of heron 's roost , the snarl of weeds , vines , and creepers that had once been john eastlake 's lawn gave way to sea oats .
` ` it 's a fuckin lawn jockey ! ''
` ` one of those black lawn jockeys that are now so politically verboten , blown up to three , maybe four times its normal size !
elizabeth 's boogeyman was the house lawn jockey ! ''
the lawn jockey , however ... he might originally have come from little libbit 's battered head , but i had an idea that perse had long since appropriated him for her own purposes .
we worked our way up the overgrown driveway , keeping an eye out for the lawn jockey .
i could have pointed out that the heron was casting a shadow , but for all i knew , the lawn jockey had been casting one , as well ; i had been too amazed to notice .
i thought it was the lawn jockey again , this time darting alongside the pool .
i had no idea i was afraid of alligators until i saw that chunk of prehistoric darkness separate itself from the decaying stew in the old pool and come for us , first across the overgrown concrete ( brushing aside the last surviving , tipped - over lawn chair as it did ) and then sliding into the weeds and vines trailing down from the nearest brazilian peppers .
but when she seen ole big boy down there at the foot of the lawn , crossin the driveway and goin into the trees ... '' jack 's hand flexed .
` ` maybe at first melda thought shannington was moving the lawn jockey around as a kind of joke because he knew the three little girls were scared of it . ''
we did not see the heron , nor were we visited by charley the lawn jockey .
some like the lawn jockey are things that elizabeth created as a little girl .
it was charley the lawn jockey .
v as we stood looking at charley the lawn jockey in light that was now taking on a definite purple cast , a nonsense couplet from an old dave van ronk blues occurred to me : ` ` mama bought a chicken , thought it was a duck ; sat it on the table with the legs stickin up . ''
then they gave a combined shout of effort and tumbled over backward with the lawn jockey on top of them .
we waited to the tune of birdsong and someone 's lawn service in the distance using a large mower .
while his friends were over at floyd b. clouse field behind the high school , running plays and hitting the tackling dummies and giving each other high - fives , ned would be out on the front lawn of the barracks by himself , bundled up in his green and gold high school jacket , making big piles of fallen leaves .
i said , ' what families say and how families act when they 're in their houses with the doors shut and how they talk and behave when they 're out on their lawns and the doors are open ... those can be very different things .
curt , who had given his wife some cock - and - bull story about his call - out the night before , was presumably back in his flip - flop sandals and finishing his lawn like a good boy .
' i want you to go on out front and mow the lawn . '
there were almost as many as you might have on your lawn after a big october windstorm blows through .
probably opened it the first time i 'd gotten to the barracks and seen him out mowing the lawn and had n't sent him home .
the lawn is filled with children , mostly will 's friends but girls who chum with maddy and jessie as well , and for once , mirabile dictu , they all seem to be getting along .
he had looked around the yard with its too - high , too - patchy grass , the little swing-'n - gym set he had set up for his son and daughter ( pete had outgrown it , and trisha really had , too , although she still swung or would go down the slide a few times when she was here , just to please him ) , the two lawn - dwarves ( one barely visible in an extravagant splurge of spring weeds ) , the fence at the very rear that needed painting .
bottom of the fourth they were behind dad 's little house in malden , just the two of them , sitting in lawn chairs that were a little too rusty , looking out over grass that was a little too long .
the lawn - dwarves seemed to peer at her , smiling secret , unpleasant smiles from deep in their clumps of weeds .
still crying , but determined to show him she did so have 79 . icewater in her veins - a little , anyway - she got out of the rusty lawn chair and went over to the even rustier bulkhead door .
she remembered thinking about her dad 's back yard behind the newer , smaller house , how the grass needed cutting and the lawn - dwarves looked sly - as if they knew something you did n't - and about how dad had started to look sad and old to her , with that smell of beer always com - ing out of his pores .
she would come home , cradled in her 1984 volvo , and she would look at her house sitting on its expanse of green lawn , and she would often - all too often , she supposed - think of that shrill titter .
she looked around at the residential neighborhood she was in - nice homes , manicured lawns and plantings , dark windows .
standing in the shade of a big old oak tree on the lawn of the derry community house a block down were belch huggins , victor criss , and henry bowers .
it looked like a real bow - wow , the sort of bike a careless kid regularly left out on his lawn in the rain , a bike that would be all squeaks and shudders and slow friction .
here was the whole family on the lawn of the house , bill standing by his mother and holding her hand , and george , only a baby , sleeping in zack 's arms .
he did not look at it ; it was just a small two - story dwelling with a garage and a small lawn .
it was old and boarded up , its porch gradually sinking back into the ground , its lawn an overgrown field .
but on the left side of the porch there was a huge bald patch in the lawn and you could see dirty cellar windows set into the house 's crumbling brick foundation .
he heard the hobo break into a shuffling run behind him , his old string - tied shoes slapping and flapping across the riotous lawn of the empty saltbox house .
and six weeks ago he had parked his bike on the gravelly verge of the street ( the sidewalk ended four houses farther back ) and walked across the lawn toward the porch of that house .
` ` no such l - l - luck , '' bill said , but he stopped , laid silver carefully down on the edge of the green theological seminary lawn , and the two boys sat on the wide stone steps which led up to the rambling red victorian structure .
you know our lawn , richie ?
you are familiar with our lawn ? ''
maybe his dad did n't mean just the front lawn .
` ` two bucks for the whole lawn ? ''
` ` it 's the biggest lawn on the block !
weeds grew rankly down both sides of the house and the lawn was covered with the season 's first bumper crop of dandelions .
they crossed the overgrown lawn to the porch .
richie chanced a glance behind him as he flung himself onto the package carrier and saw the werewolf crossing the lawn toward them , less than twenty feet away now .
he walked across the library lawn , barely noticing that his dress boots were getting wet , to have a look at that glassed - in passageway between the grownups '' library and the children 's library .
in the summer there was always lawn - furniture on the side lawn - a table with a sporty yellow umbrella over it , wicker chairs , a rope hammock stretched between two trees .
in the summer there was always lawn - furniture on the side lawn - a table with a sporty yellow umbrella over it , wicker chairs , a rope hammock stretched between two trees .
she glanced around and for a moment he thought she had seen him , but that proved not to be so , because when he raised his hand in a timid hello , she did not raise hers in return but only whacked her ball back onto the rear lawn and then ran after it .
the house on west broadway which belonged to phil and tony tracker , a pair of life - long bachelors , was probably the loveliest of the large houses on that street , a spotlessly white mid - victorian with green lawns and great beds of flowers that rioted ( in a neatly landscaped way , of course ) all the spring and summer long .
their driveway was freshly sealed each fall so that it always remained as black as a dark mirror , the slate shingles on the many slants of the roof were always a perfect mint green that almost exactly matched the lawn , and people sometimes stopped to take pictures of the mullioned windows , which were very old and quite remarkable .
it landed on the lawn with an indescribable thud .
he stood smiling down at the car and pedestrian traffic on outer canal street from the edge of the city center lawn .
farther up the lawn he could see the city center marquee , which on that march day bore this message in large blue translucent letters : hey teens !
there were people on the lawn - a mother in a lawn chair , a sleeping baby in her arms , watching two kids , maybe ten and eight , play badminton in grass that was still wet from the rain earlier .
there were people on the lawn - a mother in a lawn chair , a sleeping baby in her arms , watching two kids , maybe ten and eight , play badminton in grass that was still wet from the rain earlier .
richie 's transistor , robbed of its voice ( at least until richie 's allowance came in or he found a lawn to mow ) , swung from its low branch in a mild breeze .
the humidity remained , and people slept on porches and on lawns and in sleeping bags in back fields that night .
they looked at them silently , gathered close together on the balding lawn on 29 neibolt street - a lawn where only weeds seemed to grow .
they looked at them silently , gathered close together on the balding lawn on 29 neibolt street - a lawn where only weeds seemed to grow .
mr pasquale looked up , startled , from where he was watering his crab - grassy lawn and listening to the red sox game on a portable radio sitting on his porch rail .
little lars theramenius pulled his red ball flyer wagon quickly off the cracked sidewalk and stood on bucky pasquale 's dying lawn .
she ran up the manicured back lawn and around the side of the building .
toys stood abandoned on lawns , as if their owners had been hastily called in from play or put down for naps .
not more than a day or two after they left , miss charlotte evelyn - hyde of storping - on - firkill had been found dead on the back lawn of her home , cove o'birches .
long enough , at any rate , to have awakened not to find herself on her back lawn where she had been picking flowers , but buried alive in her own coffin .
there was a photograph of a dozen new staff members standing on the lawn of the boulder hospital .
the cop said , and walked slowly onto the lawn , his pierced back arched and his gut sticking out .
then annie was swerving up the side lawn , using it to turn , and her gaze fell on paul for one second and paul felt sure he knew what that momentary gaze meant .
the riding mower was a small tractor - like vehicle meant for keeping larger - than - average lawns neat and clipped .
little scraps of khaki uniform lay in the driveway or fluttered in the freshly cut grass of the side lawn .
she walked up the side lawn to the cellar bulkhead which was almost directly below paul 's window .
she spent nearly half an hour hosing blood off the mower and driveway and the side lawn , while interlinked rainbows glimmered in the spray .
annie did not spend the time before it did with paul , however ; she wanted to re - glaze his bedroom window , and pick up the paper - clips and broken glass scattered on the lawn .
i mowed a lot of lawns to get al . ''
in those days , the sight of a single sparrow perched on the porch railing or hopping about on the lawn had made him feel like screaming .
the ball ticked off his fingers and bounced onto polly 's lawn .
this is your last warning brian took one of these and walked up the lawn until he was less than ten feet from the jerzycks ' big living - room window - what had been called a ` ` picture window '' back in the early sixties , when this house had been built .
if he had gone to the living - room window right then , he would have seen nettle running wildly across his lawn , her unbuttoned coat billowing around her like the wings of a bat .
the public library was here , and there was a curved stone wall running around its lawn .
she went out the door without closing it and cut across her lawn in the direction of ford street .
she stood on the stoop for a moment , taking deep breaths , then cut across her lawn in the direction of willow street .
keeton would guthole him , and leave him to scream himself to death on the lawn .
others in the neighborhood were coming to windows and opening doors now , asking each other what had happened , stepping out on stoops and lawns , first approaching the scene cautiously , then backing away in a hurry , hands over mouths , when they saw not only what had happened , but the gory extent of it .
the spectators had not returned to their houses , but did retreat to their own lawns .
also , those silent bunches of people standing on the lawns across the street were goddam spooky .
he ran across the parsonage lawn bent over at the waist , settled into the shadow of the porch for a moment to make sure he was unwatched , then climbed the steps .
then he vaulted the porch railing and ran fleetly back across the lawn .
then one morning you 'd wake up with what felt like a summer cold only to see the front lawn stiff with frost and a snow - flurry or two breezing around in the chilly air .
norris walked back down the lawn to where his personal car stood parked behind hugh 's buick in the driveway .
outside , droves of kids were shouting their way across the lawn to where the # 2 and # 3 buses idled sleepily at the curb .
if alan had been there to watch lester walk slowly across the school lawn toward the faculty parking lot , he would have been struck by the man 's resemblance to brian rusk .
a moment later one of the windows on the right side of the building shattered outward and women began to hurl themselves through the hole , tumbling on the lawn like large rag dolls which had learned how to vomit .
he flew through the air , struck the lawn , and bounced .
within moments , we were bouncing across the street and into the church lawn .
just as i crossed the intersection into my grandparents ' front lawn and the streetlight was behind me , i saw a dark form lying on the ground .
they jogged across the lawn to the porch , and we all jerked at a banging on the door .
most of the houses which now lined it had been built in the postwar period 1946 - 1958 , but somehow , miraculously , it had escaped the fifties crackerbox syndrome , and the diseases that went with it : crumbling foundation , balding lawn , toy proliferation , premature aging of cars , flaking paint , plastic storm windows .
he was a little old to be mowing lawns for quarters .
the only other time he had actually touched it was when he had filled the small tank of his briggs amp ; stratton lawn mower to the overflow point .
a neighbor had found him with his lawn clippers in his stiffening left hand and a small whetstone by his right .
he had a sudden vision - startling , frightening - of himself standing on wally hammer 's lawn and holding a roll of eeg graph paper in his hands , covered with the irregular spikes and dips of damaged mental function : the monitored record of a gigantic , tumored party brain .
the man in the plaid shirt was on his lawn now , kicking up snow - bursts .
tell the police to let a camera crew set up on the quinns ' lawn .
he peered over the chair and looked into a telephoto lens , mounted on a tripod that was sunk into the snow of the quinns ' lawn .
watching the newsman walk back across his lawn , slightly at an angle so the camera across the street would get his good side , he wondered what olivia was doing at that precise second .
the camera crew remained where it was for a while , grinding impassively away , and then the white econoline van drove up onto the quinns ' side lawn and the man behind the camera folded the tripod , took it behind the truck , and began to film again .
something black and tubular whizzed through the air , landed on his lawn about midway between the house and the sidewalk , and began to spurt gas .
now he was on his way out to the burns road in his pickup truck , which was loaded down with clippers , a battery - driven hedge - trimmer , a box of flag stands , a crow ? bar for lifting gravestones that might have fallen over , a ten - gallon gas can , and two briggs and stratton lawn mowers .
dud rogers could hear the faint putter and cough of mike ryerson 's lawn mower down the road .
i seen it down on the lawn when i drove in . '
there was a ruined church along the way , an old methodist meeting house , which reared its shambles at the far end of a frost - heaved and hummocked lawn , and when you walked past the view of its glaring , senseless windows your footsteps became very loud in your ears and whatever you had been whistling died on your lips and you thought about how it must be inside - the overturned pews , the rotting hymnals , the crumbling altar where only mice now kept the sabbath , and you wondered what might be in there besides mice - what madmen , what monsters .
and the outside screen was lying on the lawn .
a pink lawn flamingo stood by the walk , and a small cocker spaniel thumped his tail at their approach .
ben got up from the wooden folding chair , walked over to the window that looked out on the funeral parlor 's back lawn , and saw nothing in particular .
they had started through the bushes between the woods and the unkempt lawn of the marsten house .
the curved fanlight above the door suddenly exploded out ? ward , and the large bay window to the left that overlooked the lawn coughed its glass onto the grass at the same instant .
further up , seemingly set directly into the slope itself , she saw the grimly clinging pines give way to a wide square of green lawn and standing in the middle of it , overlooking all this , the hotel .
beyond the wide front porch , which ran the length of the hotel , a beautifully manicured lawn ( there was a putting green on the right ) sloped away to a long , rectangular swimming pool .
that 's a business that fixes people 's lawns and bushes and hedges .
aspen leaves whirled and skittered in aimless packs across the lawn that was now neatly mowed and tended for no guest 's eyes .
the drop was seventy feet from the roof to the cement patio between the hotel and the lawn .
jack got up and the two of them stood together , watching danny charge up the lawn and then take the steps to the porch two by two .
the lawn and playground were decorated with glowing japanese lanterns .
the accompanying photos wrenched at jack 's heart : the paint on the front porch peeling , the lawn a bald and scabrous mess , windows broken by storms and stones .
on the lawn was a large bronze statue of a civil war general jack had never heard of , although he had been something of a civil war buff in his teenage years .
just cut them down and resod the lawn where they 'd been and put in half a dozen small metal tables with gaily colored umbrellas .
people could have cocktails on the overlook 's lawn in the summer sun .
beyond all that to the gate and the low fence that divided the playground from the lawn and the topiary - the lions gathered protectively around the path , the rabbit bent over as if to crop grass , the buffalo ready to charge , the crouching dog .
in the corner was a stack of shuffleboard weights and a roque set - the wickets banded together with twists of wire , the brightly painted balls in an egg - carton sort of thing ( strange hens you have up here , watson ... yes , and you should see the animals down on the front lawn , ha - ha ) , and the mallets , two sets of them , standing in their racks .
there were socket wrenches , a case filled with drills and drillbits , bags of lawn fertilizer and vigoro for the flower beds , but no snowmobile battery .
now , on the overlook 's front lawn between the circular drive and the porch , he let the panic loose and began to run clumsily in the snowshoes , not daring to look back now , tilting further and further forward , his arms out ahead of him like a blind man feeling for obstacles .
far down the lawn , past the putting green , were a number of vague , snow - cowled humps .
below the clutter of boot tracks , sled tracks , and snowshoe tracks that marked their usual exercise area , the snowfield that covered the overlook 's lawns sloped down to the topiary and the playground beyond .
he and his mommy were watching it from the front lawn .
he saw a child 's bicycle lying on the lawn of a house across the street .
at last he crashed to the porch and nick watched him from the lawn below , his heart thumping rapidly .
stu turned his face up to it thankfully , and then walked across the lawn toward the road which led to the town of stovington below .
harold , clad only in a tight and skimpy blue bathing suit , was mowing the lawn .
the lauders ' back lawn sloped down to a picturesque , rambling stone wall , and in the middle of it was an octagonal summerhouse .
the lauders ' lawn was somehow english in its greenness and peace , but now a dervish in a blue bathing suit had invaded this pastoral scene .
she could hear harold panting in a way that was alarming to listen to as he turned the northeast corner where the lauders ' back lawn was divided from the wilsons ' by a row of mulberry bushes .
he roared down the slope of the lawn , bent over the mower 's t - handle .
he had mowed perhaps half of the lawn ; what was left was a diminishing square with the summerhouse in the middle .
it was a portable phonograph , the kind with the plastic cover , invented for teenage girls of thirteen or fourteen to take to beach and lawn parties .
stu saw there was an orange and white cooler chest in the shade back there , with what looked like a white lawn tablecloth folded on top of it .
he did n't play tennis or handball , paid a kid ( one of his , of course ) to mow the lawn , and usually drove to the corner store when harriett needed a loaf of bread .
at first he 'd felt self - conscious , sure that the neighbors must be tapping their foreheads and rolling their eyes , and then a couple of the men that he had only known to wave to when they were out watering their lawns came and asked if they could join him - probably there was safety in numbers .
when he broke a window to gain entry , a burglar alarm went off , causing him to flee halfway down the lawn before he remembered there were no cops to answer .
rolling down from it was a green lawn just beginning to look shaggy .
at the foot of the lawn , a small rill of brook ran ; he could hear it gurgling and chuckling , an entrancing sound .
he turned away indifferently and began to walk up the lawn toward the big white house .
he stood in the middle of the lawn , equidistant from the stream and the house , flabbergasted by the simplicity of it .
behind him , where the screening bushes by the creek were thickest , greenish - blue eyes watched all of this , and they watched as larry at last continued up the lawn to the house , still laughing a little and shaking his head .
he parked the bike on the lawn , took his sleeping bag , and forced the porch door with a screwdriver .
there were houses on the left and she crossed to their lawns , which were now growing into fields .
he had been sitting on the lawn of a house in epsom naked except for his underpants , butcher knife clutched in his hand like an old stone age savage or a dying but still vicious pygmy .
i found him on the lawn of a house - his house , maybe , the name was rockway - sick from a bite .
beyond the fence and a lawn that had once been well kept but which was now shaggy and littered by sticks and leaves that had blown onto it during afternoon thunderstorms , was the institution itself , three stories high , more of it buried underground , larry surmised .
in the center of the lawn was a sign which read : stovington plague control center this is a government installation !
she often found herself remembering the day she had come upon harold in his back yard , all his emotional defenses demolished , mowing the lawn in his bathing suit and crying .
harold finished his sign about an hour ago ( with much bad grace i must say ) and put it on the front lawn of the stovington installation .
craning his neck , he could see there was something lying on the lawn in front of the fountain , but he could n't see what it was .
a ghost of a breeze riffled up the street , shuffling scraps of paper and making the old elms move on the courthouse lawn three blocks farther down .
was she supposed to tell him that one day not so long ago she had happened upon wise harold , resourceful harold , what - would - jesus - do harold , mowing the back lawn in his bathing suit and weeping ?
harold sat in a chair on the lawn of the little house he had picked out for himself , looking up at the sky and thinking of an old rock and roll song .
his eyes flickered over larry 's shoulder toward where harold stood in the middle of his lawn .
i found this on a guy 's lawn .
so she sat down in the lawn chair in the building 's shady overhang .
a pair of bluejeans floated to the surface and he stomped them back down , sending a creamy squirt of soapsuds onto the lawn .
would n't even stay on the lawn .
the climbing ivy on the porch trellis was mostly dead , as were all the lawns and most of the flowers in boulder - without daily watering from the city mains , the arid climate had triumphed .
after the meeting , more than two dozen people had sat for a while on the lawn behind chautauqua hall ; the rain had stopped , the clouds were tattering , and the evening was pleasantly cool .
but when we were talking out on the lawn just now and everybody was congratulating him , he seemed puffed up like a toad .
the front lawn of the house was a weird tableau of statues .
there were a dozen virgin marys , some of them apparently in the act of feeding flocks of pink plastic lawn flamingos .
tom was on the lawn , whooping and knocking croquet balls through a set of wickets .
when they left , nick was still standing on the side lawn of tom cullen 's house , his hands in his pockets , his head down .
they sat on curbs and lawns that were dry and brown at this long summer 's ending .
the others saw it on her face but did not understand it ; they saw nothing through the window but a section of lawn lit by a streetlight .
they spread the white lawn tablecloth , which fran had glommed from the hotel boulderado , and moving with quick economy ( it made him feel strange to watch her supple grace as she bent and moved , as if there had never been a whiplash injury and sprained back at all ) , she set out their early lunch : a cucumber and lettuce salad dressed with vinegar ; cold ham sandwiches ; the wine ; an apple pie for dessert .
there were a lot of people on the streets ; the workday was over , and they were enjoying the early evening cool on lawns and benches and at bus stops , or sitting in the doorways of defunct wedding chapels and hockshops .
construction began on the front lawn of the mgm grand around 10 p.m. on the twenty - ninth , a work party of ten men with welding arcs and hammers and bolts and a good supply of long steel pipes .
the chains snaked across the lawn of the grand , and each ended just inside the squarish holes in the cages .
they were on the lawn of a huge hotel - casino .
they spread out across the lawn in a rough circle .
they ran , scattering to all the points of the compass , pounding across the lawn of the mgm grand , across the street , toward the strip .
and dreamed he was in boulder , a summertime boulder where all the lawns were yellow and dead from the heat and lack of water .
he used to call you travelling jack - you know , when we 'd see you tearing down the lawn .
the other street was obviously the location of oatley 's most important houses - large frame buildings with porches and long slanting lawns .
he got to the end of the block and found himself looking across the town 's other main street at a dying lawn filled with yellow weeds from which peeked fiberglass statues of disney - like fawns .
jack , sitting unobserved on the little knob of raised land which was the closest thing to a hill offered by this section of beverly hills , saw his father leave their house by the front door , cross the lawn while digging in his pockets for money or keys , and let himself into the garage by the side door .
sunlight fell on the lush , springy lawns of rodeo drive .
some way ahead , a family of six struggled to get a lawn chair in through the next entrance to the mall .
far away , two men in plaid jackets and baseball caps labored with leaf - blower and rake down on the stretch of lawn surrounding the most distant group of buildings .
his feet hit the mucky lawn a second later .
the local realtor 's for sale sign looked as if it had been standing on the lawn for a year instead of just nine days , and the realtor had already dropped the price once and was thinking about doing it again .
there was a for sale sign on the small patch of lawn beyond the driveway .
another sparrow landed , jostling the other three aside for place , and beyond them he saw a whole line of birds sitting on top of the carriage - house where they kept the lawn equipment and liz 's car .
here , between shelves of canned goods on the right and shelves of paper goods on the left , was a dutch door leading out to the wide expanse of lawn which they called the back yard .
an orinco truck came over the horizon and pelted down route 15 toward the house , casting a momentary bright light across the lawn and the asphalt walk .
big lawn , sprinklers twirling busily to keep it green .
birds everywhere , he said , all over the houses and lawns and streets of ridgeway , which was the section of bergenfield where he lived .
the guests - some two hundred of them - gathered at the long tables under the huge blue - and - yellow - striped marquee were pushing their folding sparrows back along the boards which had been laid to protect the lawn from the punctuation of the women 's high - heeled sparrows .
for the eleventh item weizak said , ' now i ask you to see a picnic table on the left side of a green lawn . '
johnny thought about it , and in his mind he saw a lawn chair .
ca n't see the street sign , it 's in the dead zone , like the rowboat , like the picnic table on the lawn .
afterward , there was a lawn party at the chatsworth home .
it ... it ... , patty strachan screamed then , her hand going to her mouth , her plastic glass tumbling to the lawn , the ice cubes spilling out onto the grass and gleaming there like diamonds of improbable size .
it was very still on the chatsworth back lawn .
that is n't a thing i 'd ever flap my jaw about freely , johnny , but if any of those people out there on the lawn - including patty 's mother - want to jump to a lot of stupid conclusions they 'll be invited to shut their mouths about things they do n't understand . '
' it was a dull lawn party , anyway .
but word traveled fast , and the parents of a good many of the kids here had been at the lawn party that afternoon - as a result , johnny spent much of the evening feeling like an exhibit in a glass case .
as you will see , you were correct in guessing that ' everyone who was at that lawn party will spill their guts to the papers ' .
one of them is patty strachan 's mother , you will remember her , the one that made such a pisshead of herself when her ' precious daughter ' fainted at the lawn party that afternoon .
we spread it on the lawn to dry .
something- he staggered back against a display of lawn food stacked by the window and sat down there .
i thought that one of the bigger tentacles could probably do the same for a twenty - five - pound bag of green acres lawn food or vigoro .
by four - thirty that afternoon the sacks of fertilizer and lawn food were in place and the big windows were blocked off except for narrow loopholes .
we had also brought back several heavy crates of oranges and pears , and four of us working together had been able to swing them to the tops of the lawn - food bags in front of the hole in the glass .
it was impossible to see in except through the loopholes - all those fertilizer and lawn - food bags made the place look as if it were in the throes of some mad garden sale - but at each loophole there were two or three pale faces , staring out at us .
a mile or so beyond the town center , he saw an array of cheap - looking goods spread out on the lawn of a two - story cape .
a dozen or so people were circulating on the littered front lawn of the blue - and - gray cape cod .
a large television stood to the left of the cement walk , its feet planted on four paper ashtrays that were doing absolutely nothing to protect the lawn .
a fat woman sat in a lawn chair before it , shaded by an umbrella with cinzano printed on the colorful scalloped flaps .
the woman who 'd bought the star wars placemats had paused on her way back to her car to watch some of the soap opera playing on the lawn tv .
no tv sinking into the lawn on paper ashtrays here , only aunt trudy 's amiable masses of flowers .
the tv was still there , too , and it was still on , casting its own pallid radiance onto the grass , and what lay in front of it , next to an overturned lawn chair .
38 - year - old judith diment was savagely hacked to death on the lawn of her neighbor 's house , where she had been conducting a yard sale .
he had discovered such musical visitations were neither hallucinatory nor all that rare c people had gotten radio transmissions on the lawn flamingoes in their yards ; on teeth fillings ; on the steel rims of their spectacles .
he worked his way over the hard , biting stones of the driveway to the lawn .
4 joe woke up at quarter to two , tossed ozzie off his lap , strolled to the back of his lawn , brushing cat - hairs off his t - shirt , and had a comfortable whiz into the poison ivy back there .
in fact , hilly brown 's first gala magic show , which was held on the browns ' back lawn on the day jim gardener left troy to join the new england poetry caravan , was considered a huge success .
hilly 's dad , who had laughed and applauded and raised hell at the first show , interrupted hilly 's opening speech about ' the mysteries of the orient ' by saying that he could n't spare a whole lot of time for those mysteries , if hilly did n't mind ; he had just finished mowing the lawn and weeding the garden , and he wanted a shower and a beer .
mrs crenshaw just sat there , buttocks shlomping over the edges of the lawn chair she was slowly driving into the sod , smiling pleasantly .
the disappearing lawn chair , followed by the return of the youguessed - it .
mrs crenshaw had changed seats ( half the aluminum legs of the one she had been in had now submerged in the lawn ) and prepared to go .
the tomato came back , and the radio , and the lawn chair .
mr moran 's dog removed a sizable chunk of meat from ruth 's left calf ( she was wearing a skirt that day ; she never went out collecting for the cancer society in a skirt again ) and then retired to the center of mr moran 's weedy front lawn , where it sat snarling and slobbering , ruth 's blood dripping from its lolling tongue .
' we 're going to cover the lawn and back field section by section , ' ruth said .
saw them standing on the sidewalks , on the lawn of the public library , over by the little park , staring dreamily toward those sounds .
five - pound bags of lawn food and ten - pound bags of charcoal slithered across the pavement with dry , papery sounds .
leda rossington opened the door and looked at halleck as if she had never seen him before c the overhead light in the hall behind her caught her gaunt but aristocratic cheekbones , the black hair which was severely pulled back and showing just the first traces of white ( no , halleck thought , not white , silver ... leda 's never going to have anything as plebeian as white hair ) , the lawn - green dior dress , a simple little thing that had probably cost no more than fifteen hundred dollars .
similarly undressed people sat on lawn furniture before most of these houses , eating , reading paperback novels , or simply watching the endless flow of traffic .
he stopped at every second or third gas station on the northbound side of the road ; he stopped at general stores where old men sat out front in lawn chairs , chewing toothpicks or wooden matches .
many of the older people were sitting on lawn chairs made of tubular aluminum and woven plastic strips .
he parked the rental car in the driveway behind his own buick , grabbed the kluge bag which had been his only luggage , and started across the lawn .
the white man from town lived there , he thought , but i ' m not sure he 's come home , after all c this fellow crossing the lawn feels more like a gypsy .
' i pulled off the turnpike in stratford to get gas and the ladies ' aid or something was having a bake sale on the lawn of the church that was right there , ' he said .
clark lifted a hand in salute to a bare - chested , potbellied man who was simultaneously watering his lawn and drinking a can of olympia .
gary pervier sat out on his weedy front lawn at the bottom of seven oaks hill on town road no .
he sat in the shade of an elm that was in the last stages of rampant dutch elm disease , his bottom resting against the frayed straps of a sears , roebuck mail - order lawn chair that was in the last stages of useful service .
the lawn chair had slowly settled into his run - to - riot lawn , digging deep divots .
the lawn chair had slowly settled into his run - to - riot lawn , digging deep divots .
the house behind the lawn had also run to riot ; it was a gray , paint - peeling , roof - sagging shambles .
he tilted back in the decaying lawn chair , almost went over on his back , and used up some more of his screwdriver .
the lawn chair fell over and collapsed itself .
a similar sewer pipe , she believed , ran beneath the neatly tended lawns of almost every marriage in america .
as for joe camber himself , he was sitting with gary pervier in one of the decaying lawn chairs which dotted gary 's run - to - riot side yard .
' hi , cujo ... nice dog , nice boy , nice doggy - ' cujo stood at the edge of the lawn .
but there had been too many drinks , too many long winter days by the stove , and too many long summer nights in the lawn chair .
he leaned his lawn chairs in here when it rained , but there had n't been any rain for two weeks .
her beginning - to - dream mind saw a gathering of fifty people or more on a green lawn of tv - commercial size and beauty .
across the street , a lawn sprinkler twirled unconcernedly .
vic still sat on the lawn , his chin propped in his hands , looking across the road .
standing at the top of the stairs that led to the lawns she could no longer see , anna glanced up at the clear sky above her , the stars and moon , and then down at the mist that blanketed the los feliz neighborhood and most of los angeles .
those magnificent bone - white homes duplicated row after row on grids that seem to grow like crystal with the sharpness and precision of god 's artisanship , with softly sloping sidewalks and square patches of overgrown lawn and garage doors like gleaming toothy grins .
driving through the small towns , she finds canted treehouses with rotted floors , plastic slides toppled over on front lawns , whole communities gone dense with the smells of honeysuckle and verbena .
it 's a small community on the edge of a lake , block after block of square two - story houses with patches of lawn in front that have long since turned to weed .
some of the garage doors stand open , and she can see the appurtenances of suburban life lined up along the inside walls : the mowers and lawn chairs and kayaks , gardening implements whose functions she can not interpret , hammers and saws and drills hanging from hooks on large holed boards suspended over workbenches .
rather than going straight to the front door , she crosses the lawn and peers tentatively into the front window .
temple stops and falls to her knees on the still wet and overgrown grass of the front lawn .
chapter three later that same afternoon , stephanie slumped in the bay window of her grandparents ' library and watched her aunt helen drift by outside on the grassy expanse of the garden lawn .
this time her aunt was closer , the shadow that came first on the lawn was nearly life - sized , and when aunt helen herself strolled by the window , stephanie could see her aunt 's sour expression , an expression just like she had licked a palm - full of that lime chili powder , loco lemon , that was so popular with the kids at her school .
aunt helen paced the lawn with her left hand clutching her right arm at the elbow , and with this right arm held stiffly at her side .
a better way to walk by any window , in stephanie 's opinion , would be to walk right around the lawn and come up slyly , though acting perfectly normal , until you were right near the windowsill .
in the middle of the huge lawn a tiled fountain bubbled .
no longer addressing the rose bush , she was moving monotonously around the garden again and had been joined on the lawn by a pair of brown grackles , arrogant birds , which were pacing , squawking , and screeching in front of aunt helen like silly heralds .
after dropping the bean in the trash , she paced back across the lawn .
several of those grackle birds , which stephanie had seen walking with her aunt , strode across the lawn authoritatively in the cool pink twilight .
in the center of the lawn the fountain bubbled loudly onto the backs of koi fish .
stephanie scrambled to her feet and crossed the lawn .
the fact that stephanie picked up two of those valuable pots and took them outside to play camp with after hilda left and the fact that they were sitting precariously on a pile of sticks on the lawn and were full of dirty water and mesquite beans was unknown to granny hilda .
stephanie had almost grown tired of waiting for aunt helen when an astonishing and horrible figure flung open the french doors and dashed across the lawn toward her .
i wondered if i was going to find some strangely coloured pile of something on my lawn in the morning .
outside , groups trampled all over the lawn , a patch of grass and weeds that was nt all that tough and healthy to start with .
shed gone on about how beautiful a place it was , its extensive lawns , golf courses , tennis courts , heated pool , the works !
the stomping of hundreds of student feet on the walkway and threadbare lawn had raised a fine , loamy dust into the still morning air .
beyond the crowded patio lay satiny lawns and granite paths .
passing through the quiet hotel lobby , she emerged onto the cool granite veranda on the north side of the building , which looked out on another immaculate lawn and the first courtyard of hotel rooms .
she arose and walked out into the sun , down the sidewalk , out across the lawn , past the child and father .
a runaway lawn sprinkler was watering half the street and they moved to the other side .
chapter eight i m warning you junior junior , the next time that horse you call a dog comes over to my house and digs a hole in my front lawn while on his way to my tomato garden to take a dump , i m going to call chief barley and file a complaint .
once the country stood proudly as the largest exporter of manufactured products in the world , but now our national brain trust thought it better to export the manufacturing know - how to low wage countries and ship the usually inferior and much cheaper products back to us so our former manufacturing workers , now unemployed , or underemployed , can hopefully save enough money from their lawn cutting , burger flipping , or house painting jobs to purchase all those now imported refrigerators , televisions , and golf clubs from the discount big box stores along the highways that replaced the local retailers who went out of business because they could nt compete against third world labor costs .
possibly the result of too many townsfolk griping about piles of dog poop as big as cow piles showing up on their lawns , as well as one too many cats going missing .
they cooked with it , cleaned with it , bathed with it , washed clothes and dishes with it , grew gardens and lawns with it , even got baptized in it , and somebody damn sure better get whatever needed to be unplugged , unplugged , so it could once again flow into and , more importantly , out of the building .
her mind strayed to devonshire , where she envisioned a great mansion with green lawns , and remembering certain expressive glances on the millennium wheel she revelled in her prospects .
the horses bounded behind , taking the hedges easily and cantering up the drive , across the lawn .
the tram passed white - painted mansion houses , their gardens and lawns disfigured by cheap concrete apartments for students and the mentally ill . ` ` is your sorority one of those big houses down there ?
he could hear mr mcfarland in the distance mowing his lawn .
louie and lulu settled on mr mcfarlands lawn for a moment to survey the scene .
a doe came out of the bushes bordering the front lawn and walked through the predawn light almost up to the porch where foster stood enraptured .
viii lydia was keeping her vigil by the parlor window when she saw foster come limping out of the bushes and start across the lawn towards the house .
foster saw lydia almost fall on her face as she came running down the porch steps and across the lawn .
in silence they landed , and pushed through the blossom and scented herbage and undergrowth that led up to the level ground , till they stood on a little lawn of a marvelous green , set round with natures own orchard trees crab apple , wild cherry , and sloe .
foster bowed to them and began escorting annabelle across the lawn towards the backyard .
on the screen was little susan coleman dressed in a ballet costume , dancing on the lawn .
uncle jacks tractor came barreling across the front lawn with foster on board , and the troopers and paramedics in hot pursuit .
one of the troopers jumped back into the car and drove it up onto the lawn and into a position to block the tractor .
the troopers and paramedics chased foster around the lawn through the steam cloud .
ii the whole town had turned out for a barbecue on the lawn at bellevue .
he walked across the lawn to a tree where bubba was finishing off a piece of chicken and stooped down beside bubbas wheelchair .
everyone went with her across the little bermuda lawn to the laundry shed and juan was scratching himself all over and cursing like crazy .
beyond stretched a lawn , perfectly flat , either side a hedge as tall and thick as that out front .
tas was sitting back in a deck chair on their small and totally enclosed lawn , sipping a glass of cold white wine and enjoying the warm evening sun .
he noticed that the lawn needed cutting and that the fence could use another coat of preservative .
this meant that they would get home at about five oclock tomorrow and sunday would be spent in mowing lawns that had been unattended for two weeks , getting holiday clothes into the washing machine and generally sorting out all the things that would be needed for work on monday .
some of the front gardens were beautifully maintained , full of flowers and shrubs and manicured lawns , some were just tidy , some were vegetable plots and some were jungles .
you got ten seconds before i turn you into fertilizer for my front lawn !
outside the lawn was grassy and the wildflowers bloomed .
its really strange , but the oddest things keep on showing up on lawn .
very prominently , a few doors down from her building stands a house that boasts a life - sized statue of a white elephant on the front lawn .
enormous red turrets and comically swollen blue castle walls sprouted from the gravel lawn of a small front yard .
the overflow crowd on the gravel lawn slipped into position and began grinding their pelvises together .
the watermelon dude shuffled about the dark smoky yard restlessly vacillating between a seat on an old rusty lawn skimmer next to a rabbit - like man who was nibbling on a tiny withered peyote bud , and the vague outline of something against a farther fence , which , after a great deal of blank staring , he identified as a weather - beaten chaise lounge draped with a towel .
it swung a tight u - turn in front of the old bungalow , the one where the party had been the night before , and crashed the curb , neatly sideswiping several brimming garbage cans , which tumbled over , shooting garbage from the party onto the gravel lawn .
when a long shaft yadira grabbed turned out to be attached to a heavy lawn mower , they began clawing desperately at anything upright .
in the midst of the cacti a tiny trimmed lawn was well lit by ornate victorian streetlights , immaculately restored .
the two girls stepped across the lawn to the porch and tiffany rang the bell eagerly .
one of the more obliging girls had even filled the holes in the gravel lawn .
i d always thought that paulina hart was desperate to get as far away from tias horrible lawn and holiday decorations as possible .
he s pretty much delegated all his work to us and now he mainly just sits around watching days of our lives and making unimaginative lawn gnomes to sell at local flea markets .
the lawn was meticulously cared for and freshly trimmed , a vibrant color of green usually reserved for an adam pynacker painting .
satan whistled and nodded his head , trying to act impressed about the hunk of brown steel and wood paneling with the words the beast scrolled onto its rear bumper that mr . plough had given a place of honor in his yard , between the hideously nightmarish pipe smoking lawn gnomes and pink flamingos that lined the driveway .
he had a good corner with a lot of traffic , an umbrella hooked up to a lawn chair , a folding table he had borrowed from the local youth center and a cooler filled with sodas and beer to sell to customers on hot summer days .
she would often sit and muse over her morning cup of coffee , gazing over the manicured fields of green , about how much a twenty five hundred dollar a week lawn really brightened up the place .
barnaby jumped up and dashed across the lawn , leaving the other two confused discomfort .
they peered from behind their shaded shelters , exhibiting their newly collagened lips for the young boys on their lawn who dripped with sweat .
she waited for an answer as henry lay collapsed on the lawn .
he mused , recalling , the mist sweeping up and over him , the dark slabs of streets and buildings replaced by the bleached grass of summer lawns , the smell of cut flowers and fresh pastries , the tuneless gramophone records and the snapping of cards onto felt tables .
finally , as we rounded a curve , i spotted something moving on the lawn in front of a colonial - looking white house on the other side of the road .
what if it leads to someones front lawn and they re having a private party ?
whenever we went to visit her , dad always parked out on the road and we walked across the lawn , just to avoid the driveway .
i cut a lot of lawns and picked a lot of green beans to save up enough money for these .
mowing lawns , picking beans at ramseys farm , hanging around with these city girls here .
most of the people there had brought folding lawn chairs or blankets , but we d brought nothing .
i make good money mowing lawns , he said .
i mowed a couple lawns for extra money this morning , so we can have fun at old home day .
sure , toni would moan next time she needed the lawn mower , but nothing was more important than the safety of the boys .
hugo looked out to the lawn in thoughtful realisation .
the henchman had spent the whole first hour staring at hugo , imagining nothing more than ripping his throat from his body and hiding it under a bushel , then watching the hero scramble around the lawn in a desperate search , his life slowly ebbing away .
the half finished machines continued out on to the sprawling lawn .
'' i drove a bulldozer through the wall and ploughed up their lawn , '' yo - yo replies .
the neat , green lawns had been particularly immaculate that day , the scent of the roses strongly sweet whilst the water , sparkling like crystal caught in the sunshine , had plashed playfully into the fountains .
they pass the minster gardens and then the clerical houses , long , beautiful lawns tended by churchmen , and then , horrifyingly , there are some steps , only a few but enough to send their teeth a - chattering , their bones a - clattering and their bollocks a - splattering .
yo - yo had thrown his pork chop on to the back lawn and downed a whole bottle of sauvignon blanc .
she had often stroked his hair when he had been agitated or out - of - control , and , once in a while , she had let him sit alone on the lawn to enjoy the weak sunshine warming his skin and listen to the thrushes chirruping gaily among the clouds of cherry blossoms in the orchard nearby .
the expanse of closely cropped lawn , well , it must be astroturf , must nt it ?
and for this scene , i need to learn how one acceptably transitions from the equestrian sporting activities upon the lush lawns of high society to the business of the post - match cocktails in the sideline marquees , whilst all the time laudably staying within ones cups .
= = = = = table of contents paupers and pigs an act of desperation the spotlight shines dressed to impress the growing gusto playing the part a hell of a night addition through subtraction building momentum greek tragedy time in the grinder confined creativity duchess josephinas secret challengers and their wicked ways the book of love the final bow epilogue a note from the author = = = = = chapter 1 : paupers and pigs timmy pressed his cheeks between the bars of the wrought iron gate and gazed upon the brilliant green stretch of manicured lawn extending beyond .
a huge crowd was gathered on the lawn of the noble manor .
they walked up the stone pathway in the well - kept lawn , and maryann rang the doorbell .
with this , bob calmly crossed the lawn to the next house .
jack gaped at the sight of the grass - less lawn and roof without shingles .
after one such encounter with joe flootie , owner of the lawn company that had reposed jacks grass just the week before , jack returned home shortly thereafter to find his lawn restored , as green as ever !
after one such encounter with joe flootie , owner of the lawn company that had reposed jacks grass just the week before , jack returned home shortly thereafter to find his lawn restored , as green as ever !
approaching the window , he was surprised to see that his lawn was still intact , and no removal or repossession trucks were parked outside .
the co - efficient of drag for the cotton sheet , the determinant in how slowly you fall , was rated slightly better than lawn furniture but nearly five - fold worse than silk .
outside , to the east of the building , opposite the main entrance , is a two acre lawn through which a serpentine gravel path meanders .
on the small thirteen inch black and white television that sat before him , mungo watched a rarely televised shinty match ; a highland sport best described as ice hockey on the lawn .
to pay the bills , and move from his parents home , he took a job with a national firm that sprayed cides on the lawns and trees of suburban homes in order to wrest control from nature .
years later , in the mid-1990s , rico graduated from a state college with an undergraduate degree in literature and then worked a few years for a small lawn sprinkling business .
customers were nt keen on paying large bills when their well manicured lawns were turned inside out .
rico sometimes wondered how the executives he served under would fair running a restaurant , construction company , or lawn care business .
its a lawn mower tire .
without explanation a set of lawn jarts stuck in the ceiling .
as his new tonic he mowed the lawn , cleaned the windows , repainted the house , and cleaned the carpets .
frontyard - late night seths outside on her lawn , holding a boombox high over his head like john cusack in say anything ... -- he s even dressed like him , in the tan duster .
dexter looked around the embassy lawn .
the marines scanned the lawn and the courtyard closely .
he was looking for an angle of some kind , one that might incarnate an idea brewing in his head since his showdown with dexter that night on the embassy lawn when his cover was virtually blown .
once searched and cleared , he was led through the double doors and narrow hallway of the main building and then across the lawn of the courtyard with the pretty water feature and the lemon tree , to a single - storey study with a small vegetable patch at its front .
they shook hands at the door and walked into the courtyard , where brad was waiting across the lawn under the lemon tree .
he had grown wary of stan since their argument on the embassy lawn .
after a moments thought , he decided to check the courtyard where , across the embassy lawn , he saw his office light on .
at dawn the following day , an alarm was sounded all over the embassy compound that had marines rushing towards the lawn .
he said something similar to me on the embassy lawn some time back , dexter said .
i warned dexter to keep his nose clean that day on the embassy lawn .
he marched straight from the house , across the carefully clipped lawn and directly into the pool -- not bothering to use the steps , but rather jumping feet first into the water .
i watched in silence as , without care one in the world , he continued his trajectory to the in - pool pub where he picked up a freshly mixed daiquiri and exited the water by lifting himself airborne via the lower diving board , disappearing onto the lawn beyond .
i followed the beams of sunlight entering through the rows of windows , greenish - hued and cobwebbed , along the length of the back wall past the vehicles and bays of lawn tractors and trailers .
a pristine lawn was tilled and overturned ; and sprouting from the mess were healthy weeds .
when bush joined blair for tea on hillsborough lawn a lot of people tried to force them out .
half the rubbish gone ; the toast removed from bath at last ; the lawn of black mould round the kitchen , that was left but bracket mushroom from the shower , cleft .
he went over to her house when she needed help , which usually consisted of odd jobs around her home , fixing things , moving furniture around , mowing the lawn , and the like .
he checked the house and saw her car was nt there , so he started the ritual he did every week and a half during the summer : he checked the gas in her riding lawn mower , filled it up if there was a need , and mowed the back yard .
since its hot out , do you mind if i finish the front lawn later on ?
he was the one that came by to mow the lawn and do some gardening outside .
i still need my lawn mowed .
silver landed in the front lawn of the yard next door .
it was nt until we arrived at about nine in the evening to find the house in darkness and the front lawn looking like a field of uncut hay that i really understood that she was nt there .
as i crossed the small patch of lawn behind the house i could see that luckily mum was sitting at the dining room table with her back to the window .
he took long strides to try and out - walk her but she followed him out into the garden and across the lawn to the trees .
lady marlebone stood up and crossed the lawn to see her daughter coming toward her , her face looked radiant , her long dress trailing in the grass .
haddington stood with his hands in his pockets while he watched garth cross the lawn , talking to miss blackie all the way , and disappear into the trees .
then he saw two - refs run quickly down the lawn and go into the trees toward where the road to the village lay .
he was in a beautifully manicured rooftop garden , little shrubs arranged in neat lines around quaint patches of lawn .
but the neighborhood was full of big houses and even bigger lawns , and she wondered why he left here for the shack the misfits called home .
the house they stood in front of was like every other on the street : two stories with a big lawn spotted with a few trees .
jimmy glanced out over the lawn , remaining silent .
she looked out over the darkness in the distance of the lawn .
the same afternoon a woman approached me with her little brat kids and wanted me to conduct an easter egg hunt right on the front lawn of the zany zoo travel agency of greater florence ( that would be florence , new york for all you home readers ) .
the ruckus started right on the front lawn when geri started beating me over the head with the zany zoo sign .
a woman approached me with her little brat kids and wanted me to give them rides on my back right on the front lawn of the miserable zany zoo travel agency of greater florence , new york .
it makes the lawn mower engine in this thing happy .
i did nt know there was bowling there , maybe lawn bowling , but not real bowling .
he eats people 's grass , he does n't actually mow the lawns for his extra job , no no , no , what he does is he goes and he eats people 's grass , because all simon does all he does all day long is he eats grass he eats grass and he eats green things , and that 's what turns him into such a floppy little tiny piece of a fucking pussy of a human being .
i tried walking around the groups that had congregated by walking on the lawn .
they had brought coolers , lawn chairs and wore sunglasses and sunhats .
outside , on the way to the temple , i passed a young couple sitting on a lawn blanket drinking tea .
it had nt rained for weeks , and the lawn looked brown and neglected .
i walked around back to look at the river , and noticed the neighbors had a beautiful , manicured , lawn .
the ceiling was two stories high and contained almost as many trees inside as there were outside on the lawn .
little pockets of trees and plants dotted sprawling lawns .
sure enough , there were a few plants on the lawns with pretty trumpet shaped flowers .
i pressed the button on my garage door opener and crept forward to navigate the tight fit between the lawn mower and my motorcycle .
darrin had been in the middle of exclaiming aarons name in surprise , but at this rather strange salutation his voice faltered , making him sound somewhat like a dying engine from a lawn mower .
the spectators watching on their lawns backed away in revulsionthe spider had nt shaved its legs in years !
he blasted a green lawn , which erupted into a mini - volcano of grass and dirt .
the syndrome is believed to arise out of the male desire to fix other people as if they were broken lawn mowers or leaky toilets .
1 ) you like to sit on your porch with a shotgun yelling at children to ` ` get off a my lawn ! ''
he strolled across the lawn as if he had every right to be there , as spotty had told him that was the best way to go unnoticed , and made his way up to the porch .
there was not much to see the wall and roof of the boiler house , the kitchen windows if you strained your head a little , a slice of lawn .
cascades of fresh , clear water fell into beautiful swimming pools adorned with stone dolphins or mock grecian columns , sprinklers refreshed the neatly cropped lawns , and from every balcony or garden bench , the ocean , shimmering and shifting like a screensaver .
so for brendan it was better to mention that the lawns seemed to have suffered a little from the recent weather .
wild plants lurk on the edges of lawns and carefully tended arbours , patiently waiting for a chance to return , to reclaim the land from which they have been evicted .
as he did not live on the premises but came in on a part - time basis , he would now be required to make a note of every bush clipped , every lawn mown , every sack of dry leaves collected and disposed of .
lawns were to be estimated by the square metre , as were the flower beds .
you could have helped a bit , lynsey complained when kate had at last found her bearings on the lawn outside the foyer .
ceinwen yanked it so fiercely that it flew over her head and back onto the lawn below landing harmlessly beside two teachers who , for want of anything better to do , were mourning the loss of a fellow traveller .
sheila said , sitting with keith , hannah and april on the shady lawn , picking over the bones of the days tragedy .
there she is , april said , relieved , nodding in the direction of emily who was gazing down in virginal silence upon the lawn .
we positioned ourselves at the edge of the lawn to allow plenty of space between us and the other park inhabitants .
he began to nose around , sidestepping overflowing cardboard boxes , wellington boots , lawn mower parts , broom handles , take - away cartons , piles of washing , tool boxes , framed photographs of alsatians , untouched family packs of fruit juice , an unassembled vacuum cleaner , a garden scythe , bin bags full of crockery , curtain rails , an old bicycle frame and an ancient - looking rocking chair containing a ventriloquists dummyall this flotsam and jetsam , yet arnold had only managed to make about three - yards progress he spotted an airline ticket on the central table .
once she has settled on a comfortable white cane sofa , she plumps up the cushions , relaxes back with the photograph and stares longingly across the back porch and neat garden lawn .
i ' ve seen a man wearing nothing but a skirt mow the lawn and run over his own toes , injuring his bare feet for lack of shoes , and perhaps foresight .
he hung around the library chatting up the girls , was a regular fixture in the university bar and lounged around on the lawn with a thick tome open on his lap , smoking roll - your - own cigarettes .
nights spent watching the telly , anything for an escape from the here and now , weekends mowing the lawn and cleaning the barbecue .
in the corner of the lush expanse of lawn , the balinese rotunda where they had married hulked in the shadows .
she was wearing a white robe , sprawled on a lush lawn with her legs apart , her hair fanned out behind her , lips pouted in a suggestive smile .
do nt forget the lawn needs mowing .
he went out to the garden shed , fought his way through the cobwebs and hauled out the lawn mower .
the house was at the end of a cul - de - sac , a sprawling mediterranean - style home surrounded by a tidy lawn and palm trees , a tropical oasis in the desert of vacant allotments , their for sale signs poking above the brown winter grass .
on a patch of lawn to their right sprawled a large untidy heap of tiles , glowing intense orange in the pale morning light .
those men made a terrible mess of my lawn when they delivered those tiles .
the tile elevator swam into view , an alien mechanical being with its long tentacle , and beyond it the path and the lawn wavered .
kids ran and shouted on the lawn , and ducked and wove amongst the throng inside .
the backyard , in comparison , was quite large reuben did nt understand why the renovators could nt have made the patio much bigger , also resulting in less lawn to mow .
the fourth house on the left , number eight , was an unpretentious brick home with a double lock - up garage set in a small square of lawn .
er ... mowing the lawn , for a start .
wayne looked around at the tiny strip of straggly front lawn .
stopping inside the entrance gates , he surveyed the path winding through the rolling expanse of lawn , garden and gigantic moreton bay fig trees .
the lawn was iridescent in the spring sunshine and looked soft and springy enough to sleep on .
a lawn mower droned nearby and a chorus of childrens shouts swelled and faded into the distance .
late afternoon was slowly fading around the spotless lawn and immaculate flowerbeds .
no prairie progressivism for this burg , it is perhaps , then , to be expected that west sig , as it is known , is often described as a place of narrow lawns and wide waists .
you remember the woman we call hooters girl because she mows her lawn in her wee bikini ?
for instance one patient souped up his lawn tractor , got all liquored up , and mowed his lawn .
for instance one patient souped up his lawn tractor , got all liquored up , and mowed his lawn .
i was pushing a lawn mower and the caption read , this photo was not altered in any way .
julian manoeuvres past the lawn mower and garden spades to press the green button enclosed in a small metal box on the wall .
when he got to the lawn , his demeanour changed , he seemed to love it , and he started sniffing and walking around without needing any further cajoling .
we had also used it on him in the back garden , walking him up and down the lawn , and by now , he seemed comfortable with it .
when we gave kopek a bone , the first thing he would do was to open the back door , and take it out onto the lawn .
those are the things meant to stop a tank from rumbling across the lawn .
there was a fat guy in a sleeveless tshirt running a lawn mower over the few hardy weeds that tried to survive amidst the hardpacked dirt and dried pools of motor oil in the lot .
jack rides the ten - speed like a total maniac through the streets and across front lawns .
he had started a business painting lawns green , but that was failing , so he wanted to change and use similar spraying equipment to spread pesticides .
they had these loud clown cars , with lawn mower engines smoking and belching blue fumes .
they had lawn mower engines in them and were as obnoxious as all hell to have to listen to , but the kids always seemed to think they were funny .
each gingerbread wooden home we passed on that street had a stunted chinaberry tree in a bermuda lawn in front of it .
i followed his finger to a spot on a lawn under a small arizona oak .
on their slow ride through the neighborhood , ida admired the immaculate lawns and well kept houses .
he folded himself up like an aluminum lawn chair and squeezed into one half of the box .
nev looked behind him , figuring she was sitting in a lawn chair hidden at the rear of the garden , and now was pointing her glock in his direction .
blair usually thought this was cool , but was less happy about it when the girls renting across the street would wash their cars or water the lawn in outfits she thought more appropriate for a britney spears video .
she had noticed the girls outdoor household chores often seemed to coincide with a rare decision by gary to do some lawn maintenance .
twenty - four rolls of tp were now hanging from the trees in the yard , the lawn was heavily laced with confetti , the mailbox was destroyed , eggs were splattered all about , and a smoldering pile of raccoon remains lay on what was the welcome mat .
and on his way home he sometimes drove past the new houses , and he and alice finally decided to move out of their craftsman bungalow in the near northwest part of the city and into one of the new houses out in the suburbs that were shaped like putting wedges set on green asymmetrical lawns , modern and full of windows , with mom and dad and children and dog all seen through a wide bay window , watching a game show and drinking milk or perhaps a highball .
we went to home depot and made our way over to the lawn and garden section .
i found the necessary bags of stuff i was going to spread over my wilting lawn and to my delight saw there was no waiting at the lawn and garden register .
i found the necessary bags of stuff i was going to spread over my wilting lawn and to my delight saw there was no waiting at the lawn and garden register .
you could be mowing your lawn for heaven sake .
the guy started to lean forward to pick up a gun on the table , but felt the tug of gravity on his gut and slumped back in his lawn chair .
two lawn chairs and a glider were grouped together around the swing .
i also live in an apartment , so there is nt a lot of lawn work for me to do .
yes i am , i said , walking out the back door to the shed holding garden supplies , the lawn mower and other yard sprucing stuff .
at last , i sat down in a lawn chair and leaned back in it .
my car jumped into action , swerving to the left and crashing through a wooden fence onto someones lawn , knocking aside a childs swing set behind it .
the reporter took a step toward the home just as a small body crashed through an upstairs window and landed with a thud on the lawn .
the driver whipped the wheel left and the car bumped over the curb , across the lawn , and skidded to a cockeyed halt on the driveway .
johnny crumpled to the well - manicured lawn .
the lawn , they noticed , was in desperate need of a mowing .
and besides , i thought you and your people always wore these hats , like when you were mowing lawns or selling oranges ... '' ` ` i ' m not mexican , god damn it ! ''
and sure as shit , here he comes with some other cheery looking fella i assume is his partner , walking up the front lawn to meet me .
yep , jesus mows my lawn .
i hope this does n't come off as racist or stereotypical , but goddamn man , those mexicans can take care of a lawn !
we cut through the house until we found a sliding glass door that would lead up to the north side lawn .
we rolled along the wet and muddy lawn until we reached the rocks at the base of the cliff .
i do n't want to be out on a giant lawn , chasing a stupid little ball around and trying to hit it in a hole a million miles away .
you look like you should be sitting in a goddamn plastic lawn chair instead of that five hundred dollar office chair .
) , pickup the kids from school and make sure the lawn gets mowed ?
i hurry chase along as anytime he sees the virgin grass of the front lawn he ca nt help himselfmurph needs no prodding , he is running circles around us .
mrs . bombalini crossed the lawn and climbed into a gray mercedes parked in the driveway .
i watched through my rearview mirror as mrs . bombalini got out of her car and crossed the lawn to the front door .
the lawn around the house was well - kept and a circular driveway ran up to the front porch .
i noticed a large tupperware container resting on the lawn , next to the fire .
we lumbered our way across the front lawn , dawn of the living dead .
white looked over his shoulder to back out of the garage , cut a circle across the lawn , and then pointed the vehicle toward the road .
she cut her eyes from whites face to ottos , to the cars parked recklessly on her lawn , then looked back at him .
he stopped his car , turned off the ignition , and walked across the green blue lawn .
he got about half way through then tried to erase a word and tore the paper , then he got mad and balled up the page and threw it across the lawn .
no , ill just crouch down here in the middle of his lawn and dump a load about twice as high as the pyramids .
it keeps the price of takeaways down during the recession and keeps our parks and my lawn largely turd free .
hockey was always best because , since there were no sidewalks and only front lawns , we older kids were allowed to check each other as hard as we liked on the sides .
she stops her pursuit on the edge of the lawn surrounding the church and looks back at the preacher , probably apologizing for her neanderthal family .
they run up the lawn as carmela grabs me for a hug .
` ` bills went unpaid , the lawn was not mowed .
he s mowing the lawn for his first customer .
michael had trimmed the hedges , pruned the roses and mowed the lawn .
she was actually mowing her lawn with a push mower .
when i returned to my cottage she was n't mowing , but her mower was on her partially mowed lawn .
i turned on my porch light so she could find her way across the lawn .
i had given her the keys to my shed , the only pair i had , and later in the morning i saw her mowing her lawn .
the drawing room was one of the finest features of the house : solid walnut shelves with hundreds of leather - bound books , a chandelier that must have cost my parents a pretty penny , stained glass windows that looked out onto the circular driveway and the acres of trimmed lawn .
it was the kind of pub planned into its neighbourhood , given a prominent spot on a junction , and with lawns and parking spaces spread around it .
once in position i abandon my first hypothesis , that of using the sheet as a conveyance in which to pull him along the floor , out the door , down 3 steps , over a narrow flag stone patio , across the lawn , along the dock over the gunnel , then finally depositing the consignment into the bottom of the boat .
the possible outcomes , had he not stopped me : 1 ) i do just what i planned and zoom my miata around the pch corners heading into malibu , streaking by the lawn gazers at pepperdine , and on toward zuma beach where , maybe because i ' m drunk or just going too fast , i 'd do just that zuma right off the beach , and then proceed to get snacked on by a shark , or some anemic whale who mistook my blonde hair - now greened from the ocean for floating kelp .
this one landed a good twenty feet from the house on the lawn .
the lawn was dark , so i could only assume he had another bill strapped to him .
i just breached security of a well known beverly hills resident and made off with , like , two hundred bucks and a travelocity lawn gnome !
a third peasant , by the name of bunsen , scratched his chin with his pitchfork and said , ` ` all this time i thought haggises were lawn ornaments ! ''
` ` i put haggises all over my lawn , '' said bunsen .
if you make a little statue of an elf , for instance , then it 's no longer mystical ; it 's a lawn ornament . ''
` ` lawn ornaments , '' said brubaker .
` ` those are n't lawn ornaments ; they 're vampire bats , '' said sari .
short - cutting a curve in the road one night , i made the mistake of crossing a patch of thick lawn .
and when i did my business on the patch of lawn by the carport before bed , we had to be quick and stealthy .
so we were startled but not surprised one night when stuart stepped from the shadows behind the garbage enclosure while i squatted silently on the patch of lawn .
very unattractive but it was soon going to be the least of the reasons for keeping your lawn trimmed .
in fact , i ' ve got a friend here , professor hugo green , who 's going to give you some other reasons for trimming your lawn : it is important to keep the lawn well - manicured .
in fact , i ' ve got a friend here , professor hugo green , who 's going to give you some other reasons for trimming your lawn : it is important to keep the lawn well - manicured .
a lawn that is trimmed will attract people .
a lawn that is not will not .
the second reason why it is a good idea to trim your lawn is that tall grass can hide pests and parasites : ticks and hornets among them and snakes for the larger , more dangerous types .
and the final reason for keeping your lawn well - trimmed is the occasional experiment that goes wrong .
if the local mad scientist accidentally spills a chemical or releases mutational radiation or blows up a mutated plant that has the ability to take control of other plants and his accident infects your lawn , having it trimmed would give you more time to discover your grass 's active mutation and allow you to react in a timely manner .
if the mutation occurred in a lawn that was untrimmed , it would surely be too late when you noticed .
in conclusion , keep your lawn trimmed .
a , ah ` ` brief '' essay on the reasons for trimming your lawn .
after being possessed by the mutant root , each one stood straight up , making the entire lawn look like a giant bed of sharp , green nails .
another garden turned horrific , with the same evil design , now turned its attention to the occupant of the cute , little cottage across the lawn .
i sit on my lawn chair and start reading .
his home was neat but weathered on the outside ; the paint chipping and fading a bit , but the lawn and small garden in the front showed signs of effort .
at the same time , melissa manners and freddy were drawing near , smiling and nodding politely at their guests as they crossed their perfect lawn .
it 's good manners to keep your lawn perfectly green and free of dandelions , by the way ; otherwise the neighbors will wax wondrously wroth .
it looked a bowl of lawn trimmings mixed with autumn leaves and unspeakable things scraped from dry reeds .
this relief was denied him , of course , and he resigned himself to a meal of lawn trimmings .
` ` do n't listen to this chap ; he 's just a lawn ornament .
the dogs sleeping in the driveway were still alive and no rusted mechanical skeletons dotted the freshly - cut lawn .
most of the time , however , he missed and punctured the heads of local football and lawn bowls teams featured in a series of photographs from the 1980s .
almost instantly , the crowd dispersed , and within seconds all that was left on the flooded lawn were the three band members , each soaking wet in the complete darkness as rain continued to pelt and the wind howled even more viciously .
mitch then stared restlessly at the flooded bowling green , where the black curtains were swinging from the top of a light pole , and the drums trundled across the lawn .
suzie paused in her jumping and tore the hand held lawn clippers from her thigh , replacing them with chopsticks .
lying in the immaculately - kept grass , he watched as yet another gardener moved from the main building to a glass house in the centre of the lawn .
` ` that 's not a grin ; it 's a smirk , '' said merlin , who had some experience of adolescents , having turned a number of them into lawn ornaments .
somehow he obtained a delightful contentment from the bland panorama of california suburbia : the well - sprinkled lawns , the waves of whispering leaves on the branches of oldish - growth trees , the streets full of beautiful houses in a perpetual state of refurbishment , refinance , and resale .
lin owned a nice enough faux post - eichler ranch house with a well - tended hedge and lawn .
she lunged across the lawn in wide , confident steps and banged on the front door .
the man with the ocelot eyes spread his arms and gestured dramatically at the suburban smorgasbord of california post - war , detached housing and nitrogenated lawns .
nichego and vassily watched a short woman with spiky blonde hair jump out of the truck and stride across the lawn .
like my father says , almost only counts with lawn darts and small children .
dean grabbed his gym bag from the lawn and ran into the house .
as they broke out of the forest and walked over a soft green lawn , he grabbed deans wrist .
i ve always wanted to live in a tiny house with a huge green lawn , on a hill overlooking the ohio .
i d come home from work , kiss my beautiful wife , play with my children on the lawn , and later , when the nightjars are buzzing and the lightning bugs are blinking , i d sit and watch the river go by .
a massive two - story structure of white - painted clapboard stood in the middle of a meticulously cut lawn .
white wooden fencing protected the lawn , something dean had nt seen for thirty years .
lily then said from across the front lawn : do nt worry , i know its not your turn .
the mayor and other dignitaries would congregate at that review stand , but most of us regular folk would find a spot along kent road , pull out an old - school lawn chair and wait for clear signs of an impending parade .
the two - foot high lawn was booby - trapped with abandoned iron bedsteads and bits of wire .
at least i can wear knee - high rubber boots to mow the lawn . ''
one day i saw george coming across the lawn , stumbling over the garter snake dragging from his mouth .
as i was musing on this phenomenon , i saw an adult rabbit hunkered down on the meadow edge of the lawn .
the rabbit let it get within a couple of feet , then ran back across the lawn .
the deck was ten by twenty feet with a low railing and two broad , sturdy steps down to the lawn .
it was a long , long ride , ending finally in a new development of fully detached houses , each with a few inches of potential lawn , and some bumps in the dirt .
there was strained silence , during which the saint bernard deposited a steaming object on the weedy lawn , and philip consulted his list of things to do and say , wondering if he 'd missed something .
meanwhile , dick and jane were burning crop circles into the lawn with a blowtorch while the dead squid looked on .
the window pane instantly turned opaque and fell to the lawn , expiring in a fibrous heap .
a greek chorus of neighbors had gathered on the lawn to point out his errors and discuss the smiting that lay in store for him if he burnt the steaks .
i ' m sure they 're not meant to lie in a heap on the lawn . ''
seconds later , a huge steam tank clanked its way towards the pile of computers on the lawn .
it was quite a gory sight , with lots of broken cases , squashed innards , circuit boards oozing out onto the lawn etc .
waldenbrook led freddy , his family , and his excited neighbors and their flaming torches into a crop circle on the lawn , where he made smoke to show that it was safe to land .
there is room for a concert piano in the living room and for a lawn tractor in the garage , which are always available as diversions .
hell mow the lawn and the stupid water hose at the same time and send the shreds flying over onto my lawn like shotgun shrapnel .
hell mow the lawn and the stupid water hose at the same time and send the shreds flying over onto my lawn like shotgun shrapnel .
as he lay on the college lawn shortly before the summer break , which put an end to all semesters , the two of them , arm in arm , looked and walked in his direction .
wearing not much for a jacket , i scurried across the frosted lawn and rang the doorbell , my breath glazing the air with frantic little clouds .
its one monotonous sweep of chemically induced lawns dotted with little solar lights and snore - inducing copycat landscaping .
last , but not least , i believe the entire neighborhood saw you both running around the lawn like lunatics with their butts on fire . ''
i simply scribbled back that if they could manage to keep their overactive phantom general from materializing on the library lawn and dancing a gig that evening , no one would be the wiser .
the lawn stretched out , drenched in diamond - like dewdrops , and the breathtaking banks of spring flowers shimmered under the moons milky rays .
he looked about the lawn , probably astounded that i kept it mowed and at least dotted with a few forsaken flowers .
nick shrugged at lucy then removed a warped cue from a crooked rack , rubbed it with the remaining morsels of crusty chalk and belted the loose cluster of balls , which moved across the sticky cloth like lawn bowls in a wet bog .
chapter 5 meetups & letdowns it was a glorious saturday afternoon as the gold - speckled sunlight shone down on the lawns of st . jamess park .
nick asked but konrad was too distracted ; he struggled to his feet , fixed on the man walking across the lawn towards the path .
he looked back at the redhead hurrying along the pristine lawn and enjoyed her similarities , watching her red hair bounce with every confident stride ; a petit but powerful woman of immeasurable potential .
as the two nuns continued strolling across the lush lawn , jordan furtively opened his camera , ashleigh checked her microphone , and todd extracted his pen and notepad .
after pouring herself a root beer , she found her way outside where she sat next to the pool on a lawn chair .
for some reason , or so gabs surmises , sarah keeps glancing over at the parks emerald and dew - outlined grassy lawn .
you could see the men sitting on lawn chairs , downing all the beer .
it opened out to a grassy lawn area , ahead of the outside road .
` ` on the lawn at the library , or here at the park , or at the grory market out south of town .
dave and cloadia were married in broadest daylight , no shotguns , on the church ( i did not have the pleasure of seeing you ) lawn on magnolia avenue .
vi veda crossed the immaculately manicured lawn of jennyfield college to the victorian jumble that was the faculty of cultural studies .
she leapt from the chair and raced back across the lawn towards the faculty building .
veda was sitting in a canvas chair on the back lawn dressed in frayed , green , cotton shorts and a fading yellow t - shirt , her legs drawn up , bare feet resting on the seat , a browning arm curled round a bare knee .
he sang a treble burst of ` ` happy shalt thou be '' and sat on the lawn , ankles crossed .
where i live all you can smell is exhaust fumes and all you can hear is traffic or people mowing their lawns . ''
every sunday in the summer millions of britons get off on mowing the lawn and washing the car . ''
right after mass , we were given a big basket of plastic eggs and had to hide them somewhere on the parish lawn .
then smiling , she sat down in a lawn chair .
she read from the can , perfectly safe for lawns , while counteracting dandelions , nettles and squitch .
one being a lawn mower .
modest one and two story homes lined the roads , some with chipped paint or junk on the lawn .
* pulling into her driveway , avery was distracted by the sight of her mother asleep on the front lawn in a chair and ended up once again running over her sisters pink bicycle .
candice dozed in a lawn chair in front of an empty table she must ve dragged out from inside .
do you really expect people to pay you for passing out on the front lawn ?
the sprawling lawn and shrubs were perfectly trimmed , large glass windows studded the exterior , and the whole place just seemed a hallmark of pristine beauty .
i forgot to bring in the lawn mower .
she was nt avery , the girl who would pour salt on peoples lawns in the middle of the night if they said something she did nt like to her that day .
i sat in a lawn chair pounding back drink after drink , talking to some guy about music .
i sat down in a lawn chair by myself , quite drunk .
as he was walking back across the small garden he tripped on the hose , which was still strewn across the lawn from several weeks earlier when he had been distracted from watering the garden by the arrival of harry for his weekly dinner .
he felt like a naked man holding a newspaper on his front lawn just as he hears the front door slam shut .
' i guess i ' m going for a walk , ' joe said , and before harry could stop him he was halfway down the lawn , just passing the fallen garden gnome , with the door slamming shut behind him .
the front room was lit , but the curtains were drawn , so he very quietly made his way across the lawn , cursing as he tripped over a plastic flamingo that was decorating the grass .
' there 's someone on the lawn ... ' he heard a frightened woman 's voice say as he ran , but he kept going and soon he was in the back yard , looking at the fence that divided their two properties .
there was no time to think and joe simply ran , leaping out of the back door and spilling pinecones on the wet lawn as he rushed towards the shed .
he reached the door of the shed and opened it as the policeman came barrelling across the lawn towards him .
dad mowed the lawn a couple of days later and was baffled why the lawn was sprouting up baseballs .
dad mowed the lawn a couple of days later and was baffled why the lawn was sprouting up baseballs .
samuel winslows house beamed light onto the dark front lawn , as it had for a fortnight .
adonis watched the disappearing taillights spook the deer on the front lawn and sighed .
` ` i ' m not one for worrying about staining my deck and mowing the lawn , i 'll tell you that .
we live in a wonderful community with good schools and huge lawns and a down town which is small but lively with a nice caf outside of which we sit and read the sunday paper while acquaintances stop to chat .
shangri - la - di - da i was rounding a corner in camarillo when i saw the landmark celestine had described : a palm tree on her front lawn that looked like a big fat pineapple .
porky just laid there on the lawn wheezing and breathing hard .
i called for celestine , who got the necessary supplies and followed me out to her front lawn .
we were all assembled on the front lawn when who should drive by but charlene .
it was imagined as a bigger than life great gatsby party on cascading lawns that billow to the sea .
the lawns are green , the sea gray , the sky pillowy white clouds on a field of blue and all the colors signify something , like purity , corruption , american expansiveness , etc .
he staggered to one of the metal folding lawn chairs .
she pointed to bob , who had run out onto the lawn and was hopping around , still yelping .
i do nt know , shouted martha , watching bob dance out on the lawn .
because of this , my boots leave two deep grooves embedded into the perfect lawn , which thankfully did not interfere with the play .
we were ready for the tea party that was , laid out on the lawn complete with red and white check blanket and a tea set to match .
as he grabbed at the hoop of frayed rubber to jump on it but the rope snapped and the tyre went rolling down the steep front lawn to smack strongly into the tired old fence to knock a chunk out of it for six .
asks the man and pointing to the bare rope that is hanging down from the poplar tree ( ready to string someone up with and it will probably be me ) and the white cross ( which has appeared out of the broken fencing as it perturbs on the front lawn ) .
it was mansion after mansion , with manicured lawns expertly maintained , and a three - garage minimum standard .
four garages and a lawn complete with beautiful shrubbery .
i never had to sack groceries at piggly wiggly or teach school , or cut lawns .
i landed hard on the grassy lawn .
at the first decent moment , she turned and let her tiny group across the lawn to the van .
then sometime after the agonizing night of tears in my mothers arms , nancy was staying late after school for some reason , and she was playful and had me running after her all over the schools front lawn .
her face scared me half out of my wits for some inconceivable reason , and i turned and ran out laughing hysterically and rolled on the lawn as if continuing the tag game .
and i strode across the lawn and went over to the drivers side , because she was the driver ( somehow that did nt surprise me in the least , even though she had never been the driver anytime we had gone out together ) .
the manicured lawns and gardens , the fountains , tennis courts , pools and sports equipment for her and her husband and lover , seldom saw visitors .
you remember that afternoon on the front lawn of the high school , when i came over and invited myself to eat lunch with you ?
he still cut the lawns , as always , and that was it .
the foliage is just hanging there , wild grass and weeds abound , the lawns are badly mowed .
finally guilt outweighs exhaustion and i get up with her , bundled in my robe and slippers and urge her out onto the lawn .
for you , they can stack them on to my life until i m in a retirement home somewhere eating jell - o , and sitting in my own rolling fart chair at saturday detention with the other teenagers , all the while yelling at them to stay off the lawn .
behind them and off to the left , gentle hills , large granite boulders and twisting paths give way to this pleasant lawn and lake area where the family is relaxing and breathing in the fresh fragrances of the new season .
6.mace clover street 2:01am- after an hour of walking , jack finally makes it to the lawn of a small two story ranch house at the corner of clover .
jack pulls the cell phone from her ear and looks back at the figure , now leaning against a low built cinderblock wall separating the house and lawn from the sidewalk .
it had been a local drunk , trying to take a piss on the smithsonian lawn in nothing but his shirt and trench coat and she tazered his ass to the ground before he could call uncle or the other police cadets .
several of the women had brought lawn chairs , but most sat on the ground .
on the lawn near the driveway the baby slept in the windup crib with the sunshade up to protect his eyes and skin .
then after they cleaned up and got both boys off to bed for a belated afternoon nap , and as they were sitting in the backyard on lawn furniture , becky asked lowell an innocent question that plunged him back into the shadows .
first a swim and then a beer on the lawn chairs before supper .
tara did the heavy work , mowing the lawn and using the snowblower , turning over soil for a planting , and so forth ; meg had a vegetable garden in the backyard , and mrs . fournier took care of the flowers in the front along with her cleaning - up routines .
with trevor in his bassinet beside her lawn chair and both of them sipping a cup of herbal tea as they kept an eye on the boys , becky starting talking about her row of rosebushes .
their house had neither fence nor hedge ; instead the rather unkempt and patchy lawn simply went to the gravelly shoulder of the road and petered out .
pat , wearing an old pair of shorts that did nothing to hide her strange bowling - pin body , was already outside bringing the garden hose to the front lawn when they pulled into the driveway .
she had brought a lawn chair from the backyard out front and was sitting in it .
pat leaned back in her lawn chair .
while lowell gave amos a tour of the cottage , pointing out the various structural problems he encountered and how he solved them , the two women sat on lawn chairs on the deck and chatted .
not the smell , he knew , from years before when they d come sneaking onto the lawn after midnight and sprinkled lime around the foundation of the house and on the sills of the cellar door and windows .
yellow dandelions had popped out in the green lawn between their house and the school buildings .
the lawn that came up to their property was popular with children for games of tag , hide and seek , stop and go .
lately , lydia noticed the girls she had met in pearl palmers class gathered on the lawn on this side , whispering to each other , giggling , and sometimes looking toward their house as if they were planning some mischief .
have you looked out at the side lawn ?
more silent vigils were held on courthouse lawns .
peters chair faced the yard back of the house , now cleared of the debris around the old shed and garage and sported a newly mown lawn .
they had started subscribing as a way to keep in touch with the world , and the newsboy now threw the paper on their lawn early each morning .
the large lawn was neatly mowed and edged near the house with flowers in bloom .
it had been years of being strong for mike who seemed to need her calmness to fend off his mothers anger and paranoia , years of doing what needed to be done , inside and out , inside cooking , doing housework , taking care of kids , outside in the fields or barnyard or garden or lawn .
even kept the lawn mowed front and back .
was really the first place where i could see the shrinking of his world , the wild growth getting started now in the late of spring - almost - summer , the long light of days , the natural asking all of us to get going and him wearing out most afternoons , staying in the cool of the house , sleeping longer , mowing the lawn with the lawnmower in the damp of the evening when he was up to it .
and the bedroom is out on the front lawn with the threat of rain , well , the whole place of it is lost .
what would they be doin on the front lawn ?
lawn already slicked up in places from where the tires of the auction people had spun out earlier , probably in morning dew .
twigs and little fragments of branches begin to rain on carls lawn and down over the road .
munson thought of the rocks and the dead grass of what passed for a front lawn where he had parked .
they did this under the shade trees of the front lawn of the home place where they had left two riding horses from her small remuda of the night before .
they had planned an outside wedding on the lawn , the two of them facing the gathering of a small community of well - wishers who , looking past the bridal couple , would have the best of the view of the ridges to the southwest , the contoured fields green and gold making ribbons on the land which they in turn imitated in some of the decorative bows which would be streaming behind them in the wind .
he and rose would try dancing together on the front lawn .
the gentiles spent approximately 27 hours a week working on their lawns and automobiles , while the jews paid someone else to do it .
make them mow their own lawn ?
it was chilly when he followed her out of the kitchen to inspect the garden , the barn , the beginnings of a picket - fenced lawn in front and the sun was low and red over the factory chimneys of commerce city and a pale moon had already risen over the silos of brighton and greeley .
as danny and joe worked their way north they passed a park where people were gathering with picnic baskets and lawn chairs to enjoy one of the free performances the citys department of parks and recreation provided throughout the summer .
luke had worked for him a few times , but mostly as a gofer and on lawn work at a site .
he had done many jobs in his lifegofer for a carpenter , plumbers assistant for one summer , yard and lawn work , sweeper in a factory , painter , apple picker , farmhand , handyman , and for four years he even worked on the line at a factory that made soles for shoes and boots until he got fired for stealing two screwdriversbut his best job and the one he felt most competent to do was lumberman .
just then the female robin with a drabber shade of orange - red on her breast alighted on the lawn and began hopping , stopping every few paces to cock her head and listen .
clay frowned and looked away at something on the lawn .
he had nt felt up to trying out for the little league , and now all his pals were at practice and he had nothing to do except watch his neighbor ned gilmette mowing the front lawn across the street .
thinking of his dads advice , he did nt notice that the lawn mower had suddenly become silent and ned was yelling at him .
the older i got the more i noticed how everyone including the priest said the mass and the responses in a drone , like a lawn mower two blocks away .
the kitten on a pleasant day in late june with nesting robins hopping across the lawn and a soft breeze filling the air with the fragrance of nearby flowers in full bloom , jeremy lawrence found himself outside of luther bonney hall on the campus of usm discussing french adjectives with three classmates from the summer - session course .
as they made their way in the direction of forest avenue and approached a small shed used by the ground crew to store lawn mowers and the like , they saw a tiny kitten , a yellow tiger with fluffy kittenish fur , pink nose , green eyes and white belly , probably a month to six - weeks old .
there were flowers in front , the lawn was immaculate , and the house boldly wore its new coat of bright white with black trim ; in the full sun of the hot august day , its gloss paint was almost blinding .
to the west , a mountain stood steep and straight behind an unused stone root cellar that was home to a nest of copperheads and a wood toolshed filled with a variety of old lawn mowers , empty bottles and cans , some handsaws and scythes .
i was thinking of raindrops on roses , the soggy smell of damp dust , worms on the lawn and condensation when pablo suggested we go to the cala and watch the storm from there , we could get a bottle and stand on one of the balconies above the water and see the elements at work .
she took off the offending footwear and stepped onto one of the lawns .
at the bottom of the house - garden , a young couple was seated on the lawn .
half lit by a kerosene lamp , his face dived into terror and mystery , his lawn halved by a cold november moon .
mrs edgecombs prize azaleas were set on fire and her lawn covered in paint stripper .
birds stay off his lawn .
i move closer , squint and see a face dived into terror and mystery , a lawn halved by a cold november moon .
according to billiards , the official rules and records book , the game of pool evolved from a lawn game similar to the croquet played in france during the 15th century .
the owner likes her lawn , and has carefully placed the gardens where shed like them .
emerging after dark from two doors down 's garden shed with its bath - tub and corrugated iron , scherzo crept on all fours through the rose bushes marking the disputed boundary between that garden and mrs fry 's , melding with the aforementioned as a curtain twitched , wary of discovery , imitating foliage and washing as he neared the crumbling brick wall separating mrs fry 's well maintained flowerbeds and lawn from his disordered own .
he told him to park in the visitors ' lot , across a small lawn from where they parked last time .
a pathway through a perfectly manicured lawn with yellow flowers passed underneath the archway .
scrambling out of the car to make sure mat did n't ring the doorbell first , steven stepped on a yellow flower in the lawn by mistake but took no notice .
she had gone out onto the lawn for a breath of air .
he stares at the lawn , green as ireland .
in fact , carla facetiously pointed out that it might not be a bad idea to buy a few goats just to keep the weeds in the back forty from inundating the small lawn and patio close to the house .
he was almost halfway across the lawn when he realized that the security lights were n't working .
chapter 10 dilly koster - phelps churned across her parents lawn , up the steps and across the porch with the ungainly forthrightness of an m-1 tank through a stand of bamboo .
i ve got the lawn to mow .
during her preparations for christmas bett had worked hard to keep herself from thinking of the dandelions flowering and going to seed in the lawn and the patches of pansies and johnny - jump - ups blooming along the borders of the walks .
despite his hopes , frank knows it is too early in the morning for the lawns to be dotted with clumps of un - romish girls with halter tops and golden thighs .
the wind picks up and in seconds , i m hurtling over central park with its great lawn and small zoo .
when a squirrel races across the lawn to search for seeds fallen from the feeder , frank imagines fat farley , three sheets to the wind , digging through the pistachio culls at brennans .
walking , dancing on the lawn , looking out a window at the plaza after seeing sinatra , looking for sputnik .
i guess you mow lawns , huh ?
i mow our lawn , said budda .
budda did nt think this was odyns house , because he could nt associate the manicured lawn with a mess like odyn .
police said the argument started when mogley tried to mow the womans lawn .
sam followed the path to the lawn , and onto another gray stone path that led toward the majestic front steps and an empty , circular drive for cars .
* * * heavy drops soaked the meandering property , and sam , stroking russ at his feet , lay on an oversized windowsill , staring outside at the lawns and gardens which were beautiful in the rain .
sam , in a long , wool coat , and ricky , in his bright snowboarding jacket , stood on the front lawn in the dark as ricky took a picture with his iphone .
people on our street decorating their front lawns .
no family houses or small buildings with manicured lawns and gardens appeared in their view .
the taxi took him into a pleasant neighbourhood and stopped in front of a manicured lawn .
kevin looked out at the green lawn through the window , thinking .
he was just walking and she was out on her feathery lawn with an empty bottle , smiling at him like liquid sunshine .
you know ; the perfect lawns and the white fences ?
she let go entirely and pushed herself up uneasily to float on her own feet , quickly taking in her surroundings , and finding herself currently in that rose garden she had describedthe one from her youth , just outside her childhood home : large red rose bushes hedged by a startlingly white fence embracing a lush green lawn and red brick patio sitting by a small pool filled with bright blue liquid .
she walked like a herald bearing a royal message all the way across the lawn and patio , halting just before she became entangled in the thorns hedging the garden .
a long lawn full of trees and flower beds separated the building from the sidewalk and road .
the crows then turned to the crowd that had been scattered along the lawn and the pavement .
he assisted katharyn out onto the lawn .
katharyn slowly lifted herself from her chair and down onto the lawn , resting her body in front of the hole between the two headstones .
and when it seemed impossible to move the chair further , she cast herself upon the ground and dragged her body across the lawn , using blades of grass as a grip hold ; climbing towards the swimming pool , where sarah lay and no longer struggled .
chapter 2 -- nick and marie they look like a couple , sitting on a garden bench on the little hill that forms the front lawn of the big hotel .
for the moment the two sit together on the sculptured bench on the manicured lawn , she on his right , angled towards him , neck arched to look up toward the sky , as if suspended in a frozen excerpt from a norman rockwell painting .
as the two men argue energetically on the front lawn of the burning house , a man in a business suit appears on the roof of the adjacent apartment building .
it races full speed away from the fire , towards the hotel lawn where nick and marie sit on the picturesque bench .
across the lawns and fields the packed snow spreads out in every direction , covering any ground that is n't paved and salted .
on the broad open lawns of the university campus , young men and women walk to classes , energetic with health and youth and the joy of the reawakening world .
she could imagine coming home at the end of the day to find all of the windows out of their frames and in a pile on the front lawn and her under - skilled diy husband up on a ladder swearing and struggling with a replacement .
in fact , gene had set the beds so close together that even the lawn mower could nt pass between them .
from the uneven haircuts it had been receiving , maryellen had guessed that gene was using the weed trimmer to mow that portion of the lawn .
when gene told her that vacuuming the house , mowing the lawn , and gardening were exercise , maryellen had changed , some to more .
he grabbed plump thighs , slid his hands down to her ankles , and they were off in a fast trot across the green and yellow paisley of the leaf - strewn lawn .
minutes later when that soggy noise slowed and finally stopped , with sounds that resembled a small over - choked lawn mower , it was replaced by a one word litany .
gene had noticed when he rode around town and saw holiday lights decorating homes and glowing grimy plastic santas on bare swept lawns that his first thought was to wonder whether the owner could afford the electric bill .
reading the wall street journal , doing laundry , shopping for food , cooking , mowing the lawn , and , like dr . pangloss had recommended to candide , tending his gardenhad done an adequate job of filling his time .
first you received a warning , and considering the damage to mr . mackays mailbox and lawn you got off lucky .
people are starting to turn their own lawns into organic farms .
when it was sunny everyone ate lunch outside on the lawn .
i was sitting in the back yard in the wild weedy lawn that sort of resembled my hair .
dad never mowed the lawn and my mom had given up asking him to .
we walked across the green lawn together .
i saw a baby rabbit on one of the lawns and he darted into the bushes and then peeked out at me .
you are very cute i told him and he sat on the lawn and accepted the compliment and watched me as i was walking .
for some reason , i depleted what remained of my consciousness on a flurry of dandelion seeds floating from cora harts poorly manicured lawn onto mine .
if you go to willows acres you ll notice large empty expanses of freshly clipped lawn , but if you look more closely at the beveled field , the land is nt as barren as it first appears .
certain aromas , such as an old book , a newly opened jar of play - doh , or maybe a freshly mown lawn in spring always provoked remembrances .
i left lemus as he spewed forth obscenities with the same randomness that a broken sprinkler watered a lawn .
i managed to reach the far end of the schools front lawn before my vertigo deposited me headlong onto the wet grass .
honestly , i was prepared to squat on the lawn until they had become utterly bored of watching me .
i only managed to dodge three puddles underfoot before noticing another assemblage of crows plucking worms from a sparsely seeded lawn parallel to me .
my eyes then shifted to the gun settled in the tall fescue consuming the front lawn .
rachel saw him , too , and she flinched as this figure started across the lawn directly toward us .
a gash opened just beneath shawns windpipe , and it was more than enough to shred his tissue and send him reeling backwards onto the lawn .
her face looked almost as pallid as her snarling hounds as she studied my position on the lawn .
during what must ve been a frightfully surreal moment for cora , she relinquished her grasp on her dogs leashes , permitting them to intrepidly charge across the lawn like the 7th cavalry into little big horn .
gore - laden french fries and bloody milkshakes for everyone , chimed the grinning teen scream from a lawn chair as he pretended to fall in love very unnaturally with the remote - control unit for the projector .
catherine gazed in awe and wonder at the sunlight as it glinted off the dew of the perfectly manicured lawn outside , cascading gracefully through the replica victorian - era shutters attached to her daughters bedroom windows .
the cottage was surrounded by a manicured lawn and was nestled in amongst a profusion of colorful wild heather and other flowers that seemed to sprout unpredictably everywhere , growing right up to the walls of the cottage .
thought angel as she approached the crimson object on the lawn .
it still seemed perfectly natural to miles that he had been delivering papers , mowing lawns , and running errands for neighbors by the time he was eight years old .
there appeared to be a virtual cornucopia of lights , cameras , vans , and other various implements employed by the carnival that is broadcast news strewn about the clinics meticulously maintained lawn .
miles and bruce had even stowed lawn chairs and some picnic supplies on board the chase boat so that they would be able to enjoy their remote - control sailing adventure in comfort from their perch out on alcatraz .
both men were sitting easily in lawn chairs , taking in the show from the vantage point of a little raised grassy plateau at the far northwest end of alcatraz island .
we hate you , said allan elliott with a mocking sneer as he kicked miles over and out of his lawn chair , leveling his glock semi - automatic pistol at bruce as he did so , making sure that bruce understood clearly that it would be a very bad idea to play hero and attempt to come to the aid of his friend .
mom and a stranger helped whit transition from the boat to a lawn chair .
* * * sheriff beeder had left a lawn chair and an empty pack of camels in the woods beneath livys window .
but despite her efforts , those tears that had nearly escaped earlier that day , when julia had skipped across the lawn , began to well up again .
its why you always mow the front lawn twice as often as the back .
the family gathered together on the front lawn and for the first time saw the flames that were gutting the inside of their home as they danced within the front window .
the icy winter wind was more than enough to make sure that everyone standing on the lawn was completely awake .
the neighbors fulfilled their societal obligations by meandering onto their respective lawns to watch the spectacle from a safe distance .
julia watched her as the grim realization of what had occurred , of what was still occurring on the manchell family front lawn , swept across her face , replacing the initial relief that had washed over the panicked mother when shed first seen that her son was safe .
only the firemen spoke and their voices seemed remote , as if they came from a faraway fantasy world , infinitely removed from the reality that had come crashing down on the front lawn where men and women who shared a last name stood shocked and alone .
hannah did nt know whether she was more amazed at peters audacity in calling the man in the middle of the night , or the fact that he had actually appeared on their front lawn in so little time .
the outside motion detector picks up on my movements , and casts the west side of the lawn in harsh artificial lighting .
she lived in a quiet neighbourhood in the west end of ottawa with manicured lawns and overhanging trees .
brent did nt like her because she called the city when his dog did its business on her lawn .
soon it blended in with the rest of the lawn .
i remember meddle and band on the run and peaceful easy feeling blaring out across the postage stamp lawn as we played frisbee or catch with a football .
and i bet it came unstuck , sure and slow , the closer he got to his garbage can lined curb , until it fell as he made a left into his driveway , parked , quietly clicked his car door shut and fell upon his lawn .
the church did nt like people making out on the lawn .
by the time we d finally crossed the lawn to the exhibition , nolans symphony was in its fourth movement : loud , percussive and quick , like a sadistic march .
pulling the hose straight he s startled by a pop from the gas can , followed by a whoomp from the fuel that sends a fireball rolling across the lawn , the heat hitting him in the face and pushing him stumbling backward .
the hose breaks off the spigot and water streams onto the lawn .
derailed by indecision , he considers running for a bucket or an unbroken hose ; but instead he lights a cigarette and watches as the fire on the lawn begins to subside .
after getting ahead of the shearers by five - hundred head , james carl sat in lawn chair in the shade of an elm growing beside the shearing barn .
billy wrapped the blanket around him and pulled a lawn chair close to the warm pit of embers .
darla could hear a lawn mower a few houses over , the sounds of cars on balboa .
shadows of the grill and lawn chairs fell over half the patio .
he was halfway back to his cubiclea little - used door next to herr halsas office led to the lawn behind the buildingand freedman was about to disappear into the gear - hobbing maze .
joseph thought of his wife of less than a year , back in their apartment , studying by the window ; his parents gardening five hundred miles away ; his grandparents outside too , no doubt , mowing their tiny lawns just to walk under this magnificent sun .
michael conner and i sat together between two columns , watching the sun set over the capital lawn .
she 'd found herself standing on the lawn of the lonely house just before nightfall .
she put her hands in her pockets , digging at the turf of the meticulously cared - for lawn with the toe of her shoe .
he came outside to meet her , the light at his back spilled his shadow across the lawn ; it crawled there , vast and formless and black .
she did n't want to be near him anymore , on that lawn watching him smoke , listening to his waterfall burbling .
her toe tore a little chunk of sod away from the lawn , peeling it off the at the place were the driveway met the grass .
there were toys abandoned on the lawn : a broken rocking horse sinking into the cold autumn mud , squirt guns laying in puddles of stagnant water , stuffed animals with their fluffy white insides pulled out like spilled organs and their beaded eyes torn off .
he staggered across the lawn and fell to his knees by the little pool beneath the waterfall .
in the larger scheme of things , if there is any divine being it seems highly unlikely that he would be any more concerned about the strife of the human race than we are concerned about the suffering within an anthill in a back garden after the lawn - care man has come by or by the fighting of dogs in the street .
the fenced in lawns were all well - tended .
they do nt like people wandering on their lawn .
obviously middle class , well - manicured lawns , cookie cutter colonial and split ranch style houses with cream or white colored vinyl siding and black , forest green or rust colored shutters on the sides of each downstairs window .
one was for a pizza place , another was for arties car repair shop and the last one i noticed was for a business called green thumb lawn services .
the lawn was mowed , it looked like someone planted various kinds of flowers and herbs along the perimeter of the house and around some of the large oak trees .
held the body over the lawn , away from her - self , and grabbed each side of the critter .
there was no garbage in the postage stamp front lawns , just winterized flowerbeds and rock gardens .
looked out at the nicely manicured lawn and the several well tended flower beds , all in bloom .
it sits on a large lawn , which i am sure will need a lot of watering come summer .
it had built - in bookshelves , a beautiful desk , several tasteful paintings ( a horse in each one ) , and a nice view of the clinic lawns , which seemed extensiveknowing only the street - side of the facility , she would not have guessed .
it was a comfort , it was the only thing he really knew , that and the ceiling which hovered above him like a lawn in the air , and the light fixture like a small local sun in the grassy sky .
the car slowed down and turned right into a driveway , a snow - covered lawn to the left , patches of dark grass showing through where the rain had melted the snow , a high hedge to the right .
lots of trees , snow - covered lawns , a pool , two pools , both covered up for winter , and many houses easily the size of mr . hobbss , though none as high .
he then slid the heavy glass to the left and let them through into the rainy backyard with its patio and snow - covered lawn .
elsie took her brothers hand and together they set out across the lawn of the neighboring house .
carder did not acknowledge his assistance , but stormed through the opening out into the backyard and onto the lawn .
they had quickly crossed the lawn on the other side of the hedge , hand in hand , as fast as leonard could move , the slushy grass too slippery for her to safely carry him .
these trim front lawns and tree - lined streets afforded no cover .
they cruised slowly up and down looking into front lawns and gardens for any sign of him .
a thin layer of pine needles covered the lawn , and now had blown onto his covered porch as well .
instead he slumped back in the chair , looked out the window across the deck , across his back yard , his lawn , his plants , his trees , all gradually stepping into dawn now from the cover of night .
surrounded now by lawns , both back and front , and trees , many trees .
she was watering the lawn of all things , in a back yard on 77th place .
at first he could nt place the sound , frantically clawing his way back up to the surface , away from that scream , that pain , thenwith the garage , the lawn mower , the gardening equipment , the workbench , the tool chest , the many things surroundinghe arrived : his knee , his god- damned , fucking exploding fucking knee .
the tall pine tree on his front lawn , through fragrance , seemed to extend physically halfway down the block .
he would have about two days of this , at most , of this great new world , before the force that gendered this wonder would intensify into sheer and utter hunger , into the need to procreate , which once fully arrived , would melt into insignificance any such wonder as his front lawn and this street and this sky and this particular and wonderful moment .
the local residents , awake of course , stood gaping in doorways and on lawns , or hung out windows , trying to understand what was happening , and so nearby .
four firemen came rushing across the lawn to the south of where they stood .
she thought of crossing the long , sloping lawn to the south side of the grounds , but she saw more fire crew approaching in their direction and did not want to get in the way .
to reach the southern gate of the campus they would have to cross the large lawn to the west of the convent , and alwyn set out in that direction .
like a heron , she thought again , those long legs , and if his arms were feathered : the picture stayed with her even as she set out among the hoses , stretchers and body bags on the lawn between neindorff and tyron .
coverage of several team fights , several not so subtle copulations , in parks , doorways , on benches , lawns , you name it , a blanket sometimes to keep from bruising , but that was about it .
he counted five hunters , three of them obviously teamed for two of them stood guard while the third member was busy copulating with a very large woman atop what harman - karman made out to be a thermal blanked in the corner of a well lit lawn .
as it was , he cut across a few lawns , and at one point around a bungalow to reach ridge way from the east .
got to the end of the lawn where the hedge did a ninety degree to the left , no way to scale it .
moved out , over the hedge , and dropped himself down , again with surprising dexterity , quietly onto a new lawn .
harman - karman stepped through and onto a third well - manicured lawn .
and still he moved backward , away from the lawn , and back toward the far end of the house .
crouching still he charged back up the sidewalk , then , diving , he cleared the low hedge onto the lawn of alwyn moores down - street neighbor .
and the one he saw hugged the very same strip of lawn that he himself had clung to not five minutes ago .
one of the remaining two guards suddenly charged through the garden room from inside the house and jumped through flames and out onto the back lawn , semi drawn .
the protesting tires now reached the top of avon place , loudly enough for alwyn moore to hear them as well as they ran for the back of this new , surprisingly large , back yard and toward the house facing milan avenue , separated from the expansive lawn only by a low picket fence , same style as the ones he had already negotiated a few times up the street .
two more lawns , a couple of more fences , each one harder and harder to cross .
at this harman - karman rose full length , and walked to over to the edge of the lawn facing oak knoll , where he stepped into plain view , gun suddenly and reflexively in handhe was nt even aware of having fished it out .
he grabbed her arm and pulled her back off of the sidewalk and onto a wide , moist lawn .
more movements now , both back and front , and then two black shapes fell in two heaps touching on the back lawn .
tried to , then tried again , but remained silent ; watching as two other black figure fell down on the back lawn , one clutching his leg , the other his arm .
: the year is 1526 , and henry viii and thomas moore are slowly making their way across the lush lawns of windsor castle , seemingly to enjoy the day and the green expanse surrounding them , but in truth to reach beyond earshot of the many and various ladies of court , attendants and clerks who as a rule do their best to pry profitably .
despite the bestand often heroicefforts of the many colonies of neutered men working sometimes day and night , what our eyes would shatter upon is : refuse , uncollected and bloating , often spilling out of houses and apartment buildings onto lawns and sidewalks , replete with maggots and the scurry of many grateful , clawed feet ; refuse fermenting in the sometimes sun , sometimes rain ; bogs of smell rising .
pulled his way - too - heavy - for - him - to - lift friend out of the living room and onto the porch , and , somehow , as gently as possible , down the steps , and onto the lawn , leaving a small trail of blood that harry took no notice of .
safely on the lawn , harry kneeled down by his friend .
which is when harry managed to deposit his friend on the lawn , reasonably safe from the fire inside .
a tall , ponderosa pine that lives on my front lawn .
you know the big ponderosa that on my front lawn .
harry took another long look at his friend , his brave and so terribly immobile friend , who indeed was blessed to have two loving trees on his front lawn .
she was french and they had a little girl , a three year old , who was spinning around on the dry lawn in front of the house .
a father running behind his daughters bikes on a quiet road lined with good - sized , well cared for houses , the front lawns neatly clipped ; a strong - armed father lifting his light as a feather daughters over the frothy waves , shooting them over like glossy - skinned little seals , so that their mouths opened with the thrill of it , excitement with no fear , because he would catch them again and make it safe .
a day like this , dominique says , reminds her of her wedding day , a perfect day , this still heat and everything just right , a green lawn and her nieces playing in their pretty cream dresses , flowers and one of those french wedding cakes , a tower of profiteroles dripping caramel , so decadent compared to the pristine iced whiteness of the english equivalent .
he puts on bill haley and the comets and we all exchange looks of surprise and delight , how many years since we heard this , but so irresistible , it pulls us out onto the lawn , the grass dry and coarse under our bare feet , shoes kicked free , as we follow rubys lead , his bellow of great , bloody great , as he throws himself into the music , mouthing the words , sweating profusely as he rocks around the clock .
it will always be scruffy , a boys paradise , a paradise for a boy from a london suburb , living on one of those endless streets of houses in rows with patches of lawn to mow of a weekend .
a woman who can dance on her lawn and wipe the food besmattered beard of an old friend , and give some comfort just by her life and the way she lives it to a woman hollowed out by loss , weighted down with guilt .
my parents could go back to their neat as a pin house with the patch of lawn to mow , sofas to re - cover in never quite the right shade or pattern , so that in a year or two they would have to be done again , something new picked out .
when they stepped out onto the porch the police sprang to life and prevented the media crowd from approaching too closely - also stepping on the lawn , melissa noticed with a frown .
: : 11 : : ( berlin ) two weeks later to the day , the large square and lawn outside the grimm - zentrum on the humboldt university berlin campus hadwith customary german efficiencybeen converted to an open - air auditorium to house the well over one hundred thousand attendees that the school and the authorities anticipated .
there were people everywhere she looked , on the lawn and square they were standing shoulder to shoulder .
the words flowed out across the square and lawn loudly and clearly but his english was not particularly good , and really , he needed to focus on the task at handher left eyenot on her words .
he sat down to his own little mountain of fried potatoes and eggs , and i looked out the window , at the lilacs , at the birches , at the many birds , and across the wide , wild lawn toward the little creek at the end of it .
not a forced - upon - him decision , mind you , like going to work , or mowing the lawn , but a personal decision , honestly wanted by the true self .
and the old people for whom he mowed lawns told him there were rumors of tragedy and mystery about the mansion that still stood , and that faint lights could be seen walking through it at night , but now that he is out of jail for the second time blaise himself wanders the acres like a haint , a thing released but waiting for something else , a supernatural being whose future hangs in suspension , waiting for some formalized atonement .
he knocked a hornet 's nest from my eaves ; he mows the lawns of some of the older folks down the road ; he painted all the address numbers on the curb over in ritzville .
and parked out front sideways across the lawn , between the driveway and sidewalk , was a white panel van that said ` ` don 's electronic repair '' in red block stick - on letters though you could tell from the dust stuck to the adhesive left behind that it used to say ` ` john and don 's electronic repair , '' john being blaises father .
they both walked across the dry postage stamp of a lawn to the porch .
carmelita still did nt want to believe what she already knew , and fought back now and then to deny it , and old lady buffington moved me from modeling into the offices at buffingtons , and she let me pretend like i had some say in what fashions went into their lineup for fall , and i think its around then that everyone else got pretty wise to what was up , and mr . buffington finally got himself a p.i .. also , in the midst of all that , i remember that time some old man i mowed lawns for ( in between all my other jobs and school ) died and left me a jewel of a classic car , a 1949 pierce - arrow , garage - kept and pristine .
i mowed his lawn and afterward would sit on the porch while he gave me a beer and i let him talk my ear off .
his dad never had any , and he sure does n't get it mispainting folks ' house numbers or mowing old folks ' lawns for charity or shooing possums and raccoons from people attics , and he sure does n't get it from that gawd - awful junk art he welds on late into the night then trots up front to lower everyone elses property values .
the swollen orange sun would ignite brief , brilliant colors upon the scrub - strewn lawn at the afternoon 's last moment .
her neighborhood was made up of close - packed small brick houses , and in those days it was almost a suburb , and the streetcar from downtown would come clanging up on its last run , and her father would get off of it and come home when twilight was falling and the lightning bugs had begun to spark and fade across the green - blue lawns and the shrubs and gardens were beginning to yawn back their perfumed moisture to the fading sky , and she loved him and she loved that time of night when he came home .
i just lay on the ground for a minute , feeling a soft lawn beneath me , and gasping .
they would get together either on the front lawn under some trees , or in the parking lot with danny on the hood of someones car , or back in the bleachers .
it was tuesday morning during one of the impromptu sessions with danny on the school lawn before first hour .
i m sure she was trying not to , but i could see her scanning warily as we drove through the crumbling streets , littered lawns , shabby houses and crummy bars .
i pull into her driveway and notice her lawn mower in the front yard .
i remember a conversation we had recently as i now push the little mower through the postage stamp of a lawn .
i opened the tidy wicket gate and walked up the flagstone path , laid out amidst the neat lawn and masses of flowers .
stone walls , clock tower , central square , symmetrically arranged lawns and flower beds , two - storey hostels with their iron - work and wooden shutters saint teresa school was a solid and orderly place .
coughing and sneezing , the audience vacated their seats and scrambled for refuge in the distant parts of the lawns .
together with senior officials and invited guests , he moved on to attend the garden party , which was held on the lawn in front of the governors official residence .
yet nothing was not seen after the impact , any sign , seemed that he / she slept , with the broken neck , it seemed it rested on the lawn .
the attention was crystallized here and it on particular almost irrelevant : the suit of gianca , horrible and verdino , that his / her mother imposed him on sundays ; the sandals of mark , brought with the white stockings of sponge respecting him / it stereotype of the typical german ; the lawn of the oratory , always full of stones and cacche of cat ; the ball of european 92 ' with the red and black rhombuses ; the doorman gloves of chicken , that seemed in everything and for everything those of walter zenga , but they cost 10 thousand liras ; the dusty hair of david .
this place consisted of a diner , several taverns , a church on the highway converted to a gift shop with a display of welded flamingo lawn art .
* * * cannon bolted metal poles onto a lawn chair at the workbench near his desk / bed .
swann greeted them by name and awarded hugs , holding court from a lawn chair with the sad joy of a goddess in the clouds reviewing human folly .
before he could , willa stood in one smooth motion , striding down the slope as if onto a flat lawn instead of a steep pitch treacherous with loose rock .
swann , betty doyle and his mother sat in lawn chairs like a royal court .
betty and martha sat in their lawn chairs by swann .
she looked out the kitchen window to the long lawn .
she turned and saw the long lawn , the brick wall , and the sea beyond that .
her heart beat faster as she entered the rustic black wrought - iron gate and walked across the lawn to the old sycamore tree with the gnarled trunk , covered with vines .
an old woman sat on a green lawn chair in the middle , knitting something in the early stages .
inside the fence a few gravestones were scattered on the lawn , along with several obelisks , some looking like they were twelve feet high .
they drove along a dirt road through a very large lawn and toward a three - story mansion .
aside from my mother , who stayed on the lawn outside the park with the blankets and coolers , no one else was concerned about yusef .
just tight green lawns among the desert succulents .
as we drive up , the camera locates an enormous nativity scene on the lawn , populated with hundreds of plastic , internally bulbed statues .
sweeping panorama of hosanna hills and its dense cluster of tricked out mediterranean villas and neat green lawns , with mike speaking over the view .
carson sits on the hillside lawn of promontory ministry .
still on the lawn , carson adds dryly , my mother disagrees with this assessment .
who would be mowing their lawn at the ungodly hour of seven - thirty ?
i was on someones lawn .
the lawns were bright green and manicured , every yard accented by colorful bunches of pink and white and red flowers .
tracy thought his lawn always looked like they lived in an office .
she could see the huge manicured lawn and the small pond , illuminated by lake lights , with its sable and placid geese and ducks , in no hurry to migrate farther south but lingering in the unseasonable warmth of georgias autumn .
very proud of uncle ed for spending hours manicuring the lawn .
unfolding slowly outside her window were manicured front lawns and long driveways and an occasional shiny benz or beemer or limousine left outside multiple - car garages .
through the veneer of lace curtains and the clear panes of glass , she could see , in the soft glow of the estates ground lighting , the acreage of the front lawn , meticulously tended and beautifully landscaped , and the orange illumination of the lake lights , reflecting off the surface of the duck pond , and beyond that , the great stone wall of the property , a dusty white in the darkness .
the girl flipped on a final light and ran gracefully across the front lawn to the blanket laid out and already occupied by her older sister .
she was sitting on a blanket on her lawn , and reading a book .
the blue balloons skittered across the front lawn toward the street .
when you were a kid , and it was august , your dad would take you out in the back yard to watch the meteor showers and you would lay on your back on the plastic strap lawn chairs in the first frosty august night cold and shiver while you listened to dad tell you about how the chi - coms would come over the hill and how a mortar fell on his buddy since boot camp and then he was gone all the while you watched the stars fall down around you .
we entered the conference room and found him standing in front of the window , looking out onto the snow - covered lawn of the vast estate .
rhea watched from the lawn , undecided , fretting .
jacob bowed his head for a short post - game prayer , peeking out of one eye , waiting until his teammates ' heads were downcast at the lawn .
with the coach out of sight , jacob threw his empty beer can on the school lawn .
my cousin said he once saw a stripper whose bra size was triple - g. john could n't come out because we left him on the lawn last week and his parents found him passed out .
the tires threw rocks on the lawn .
picking corn was as routine as mowing lawn to ray after forty - two years of harvests .
a woman in a white dress stepped out of the car and slipped across the lawn toward a camper behind the house in the grass .
crossing the lawn , her head turned from side to side , as if being chased .
past the front of the house with its neat - kept croquet lawn then down the length of a large field the horse galloped , it took a ditch which divided the field in its stride .
as the sun continued to climb the countryside gave way to majestic buildings with wide beautiful lawns .
the lawns decreased as the buildings increased in amount and grandeur ; castles , cathedrals , churches and theatres were passed , great stone towers and keeps overlooked each tack they took .
@ he swept across the lawn and down the field towards a clump of trees .
@ he said the words as their view swept across the lawn and fields .
i do nt want to waste your talents having you trim branches and mow the lawn .
hawk went to the corner of the garage , pulled out a lawn chair , and sat down .
i make deals and i hustle , not mow lawns and decorate shutters and shit .
he bounced , rolled , and fetched up on his back in the grass at the edge of an expanse of lawn .
david walked across the lawn toward sheltons house , trying to regain some of his initial excitement about the game .
the air is still , no breeze at all , but the leaves of a tall tree across the lawn are somehow managing to shudder , and the way the sunlight glints off them as they move makes the tree look like its clapping its hands , applauding for itself .
bonfires are burning on the front lawns of every house .
i ve finished the bottle and am about to turn my steps toward home when i notice a tall figure herding a trip of wild rabbits a dozen of them , at minimum across the lawn .
the cops are already dispersing the crowd by the time we reach the east lawn of the library .
she s sitting on a lawn chair in the yard , smoking a virginia slim .
the widow woman is resting on a lawn chair in her front door , watching me .
we sit on two plastic lawn chairs the duck left behind .
somebodys lit a bonfire on the lawn of the dke house , and boys are out feeding it , throwing something into it .
the widow is smoking a cigarette and balancing a cup of coffee on the arm of her lawn chair as i emerge a half hour later , showered and ready for work .
they appear to be a cross between a turkey vulture and an actual turkey , about the size of one , but with tremendous wingspans and odious habits of perching in the trees around the manicured lawns of our most illustrious citizens , where they spend the day not only crapping amazing quantities of shit , but also puking great chunks of semi - digested food , including corpses of mice and shrews and even baby rabbits .
he s wearing the rattiest pair of jeans i think i ve ever seen its a wonder that they hold together as he crosses the lawn to intercept claire and a t - shirt with the cover from the grateful deads aoxomoxoa album on the back .
business , money , women , football , dogs , horses , cars , guitars , old friends , songs on the radio , lawn mowers , fireworks , john wayne movies , cigars , gardening tools , poker , fly fishing , barbecues , car washes , sports illustrated swimsuit editions , tenpenny nails , squirrel hunting , bucket seats , bacon , batting statistics , class reunions , prostate exams , nine irons , electric razors , tickets to the sugar bowl , and fuse boxes .
the grounds are pretty , well kept , like a photo of some great old english estate : manicured lawns , trimmed hedgerows , little gardens with benches for sitting and reading , fountains .
~ ~ ~ tuesday , august 15 i m crossing the grove when an old friend bounds across the lawn to say hello .
the widow is sitting on a lawn chair outside her trailer .
a landscaped lawn and gardens led down to the waters edge , where a flag - stoned terrace fronted the lake .
we were sitting on the lawn surrounding the bear , hanging out when patricks phone rang .
there , on the lawn , lay all the stuff she owned thrown haphazardly on the ground .
he parked the truck on the baked clay where the front lawn ought to have been .
lying on the green cemetery lawn behind her headstone was a single lily .
the lawn was scraggly and pocked with weeds , the rusty mailbox stood askew , and the screen door hung precariously on its hinges , the steel mesh torn and offering no shield against insects .
those who remained would cling to what they still had , holding memorial day and 4th of july parades long after the marchers outnumbered the spectators , running bakesales to support the fading consolidated school district , voting diligently and keeping their houses and lawns in immaculate condition .
given their pride in their houses and lawns , i realized , it was a wonder the people of tillsburg did n't drive wheatyard out of town with torches and pitchforks .
wheatyard 's house had slowly deteriorated and would eventually revert to prairie , its roof beams crashing to the ground , its termite - ridden wooden siding becoming one with the damp soil , its lawn and low - lying shrubs overtaken by triumphant native grasses .
the pristine houses and proudly kept lawns ended abruptly at wheatyard 's house , the last on the street at the edge of town before the endless fields began .
it was a garden hose nozzle , which surprised me since the lawn clearly had n't been watered in a long time .
robert had landed on the cheap lawn sprinkler and now it bent around his head like a cracked headset .
vans topped by satellite dishes were beginning to rumble here toward town , parking along the curbs , and in some cases , right up on the lawn .
but a swarming blanket of reporters and cameras in the street , some encroaching onto the lawn .
she almost laughed , imagining herself taking them a platter full of cookies , opening dusty lawn chairs and jotting freds cell phone number on post - its and passing them out .
she thought how bernie would kill her if she emerged onto the front porch and offered the journalists the bare truth , laid it out for them like a huge picnic on her front lawn .
or , on the governors front lawn .
we pull away from the small , yellow house with its black shutters and newspaper - sized front lawn , past the driveway that slopes toward the bloated river .
the ones who spent their sunday mornings at church or mowing the lawn rather than hiking with their dogs or lazily feeding their girlfriends scrambled eggs ?
and by young i do nt mean that i am forty - five and that my husband died of a heart attack while mowing the lawn , or even that i m thirty and have lost him to hodgkins disease .
she can only sit on the lawn , trying not to crush shrubs with her knees or knock gutters loose with her forehead .
dwayne had been working for her for years now , since right after earl had gotten remarried and stopped coming over to mow the lawn and do minor home repairs .
cars everywhere parked on the streetsome on the front lawn .
there were a couple streets up at the top of the hill with bigger houses , lush lawns , wide porches with views of the whole area ( the fancy part ) .
he had been mowing the lawn he d muttered pleased to meetcha , before grabbing a beer and returning to the yard .
by the time she had bounced over the lawn and stowed her bike in the garage , she was back to being 12 .
he worked and paid for things , mowed the lawn , took the snapshots on vacations , with only the occasional shadow of a finger in the image to prove that he had been there at all .
shading my eyes with the palm of a hand , i surveyed the lawn tennis court and adjacent garden .
playing an imaginary rugby game on the lawn , i would be halted in my tracks by the sound of chopin on the living room piano .
i looked out again at the fraying tennis net , the desiccated lawn , and the ragged summerhouse .
i am standing in the middle of a small patch of lawn between grey squares of boxed garden .
out the back , a home made deck overlooked a lawn , that had not been harvested for several years .
it was the last day of spring , and the air was crisp with a hint of sweet warmth emanating from the green trees and lawns slowly waking out of hibernation .
~ sandy hiortdahl apprenticeship mark twains chair is wicker painted white as his hair , interlocked strands of riverbed reed , smooth - cornered and there s tennessee williams in one of those green aluminum lawn chairs with saggy , frayed seat stirring the olive around his martini while katherine anne porter and flannery oconnor jest about the recent weather , seated together on a sturdy bench , their mirth catching the attention of john gardner , whose strong hands rest on the polished oak arms of a rocking - chair carved with the north winds face : his hair gleams and blue smoke curls from his pipe as under the eyes of these masters are others like me , hammering , upholstering , somehow oblivious as they hold and mold the chairs they will sit on , the chairs and benches they create .
the front lawn was sparse , a willow tree planted last year looked sickly , flowerbeds along the front steps were full of weeds .
so anyways , were home , lawn looks like shit , but at least the house is clean .
its not just that he rides his jeep across everyones lawns .
helen watched the light play off the pen oaks that towered over the sloping green lawn .
chapter 23 while waiting for cassandra to finish interviewing phoebe , helen transferred her pacing to the side lawn .
chapter 5 the late summer light was gentle on the manicured lawns and new cars .
alone with the winter light reflected off the moist green of the lawn , alone waiting for the furniture buy - er , surrounded by hollow chests and empty drawers , more than moving out i was moving in but in reverse .
chapter 1 when the oaks were leafless atop the hamlet of east marion , when the winters frost hushed close across the taupe lawns and when the light air rustled only the needles on the peaks of the tallest pines , jon brand rocked the porch swing slow one morning as he stared out to sea .
like mowing a lawn .
like mowing a very expensive lawn , ethan cut in .
connie led lou to the picnic table on the small lawn and joan threw jamies things into her travel bag and hustled the still - sniffling girl to the car .
joan and connie made a pot of coffee , loaded the firepit with charcoal , and set some lawn chairs on the patio .
he handled all carpentry , auto repair , exterior painting , and snow removal , and until he had teenage children also mowed the lawn and took out the garbage .
a chain - link fence defined the sides of the property , and also the back , but not the front , where a small curb separated the lawn from the street .
the first week i was there i rode the mower like a devil , cutting one lawn and moving right on to the next .
through sunglasses he saw young families eating at boulevard cafes , ivy league students reading on lawns , and well - attired businesspeople barking orders into cell phones as they checked their watches and waited for white pedestrian signs to light up so they could cross the avenues .
he raked a small layer of leaves from the back lawn , and repaired to the family room to watch baseball .
no one sat on the park benches or reclined on the wet lawns .
# the friday after thanksgiving , the amognes always decorated the house for christmas , dragging a plastic santa to the front lawn , framing the house with strings of gaudy colored lights , setting up and trimming their artificial tree .
peter stubbed his cigarette out on the lawn , threw his empty cup in a nearby bin , and headed back towards his office .
mum said i have to mow the lawn today .
dad mows the lawn while mum does some house work and a few loads of washing .
dad was out the back mowing the lawn .
more interested in the squawking magpies than the caterpillars , maggie rounded the corner to get a better look at the family of birds feeding on her lawn .
while peter went inside to get his shoes , maggie waited for him on the lawn .
- crapping on his lawn .
elliot watched a squirrel foraging for nuts pick his way helter - skelter across the leaf - strewn lawn before disappearing up the scarred trunk of a maple tree .
she wants me to mow her lawn twice a month .
lawn care and landscape services .
sonny trimmed three other lawns and pruned a fifty - foot hedge over the first half of the following week .
taking care not to damage any of the blossoms , sonny mowed the front lawn then both sides .
he had already mowed the lawn , trimmed thirty feet of hedges and swept the clippings into a recyclable rubbish bag .
go ahead and mow the lawn .
somewhere between the honeymoon and their second child , she had let herself go like a lawn overgrown with weeds , the unkempt grass gone to seed .
throughout the remainder of the summer , mrs . shamir was away from home more often than not when sonny showed up to trim her lawn and the relationship that had seemed so promising fizzled away to nothing .
by late august the lawns were all burned to a crisp with a water ban in effect .
but in the morning he lugged the plastic rubbish bag outside , dumping the smelly refuse on the lawn .
the woman 's menacing tone voice brought frankie dexter up short before he even made it halfway across the darkened lawn .
the front lawn was probably littered with crushed beer cans and cigarette stubs .
there in the pitch black on edgar lomax 's front lawn , a woman was cradling frankie up against her chest and crooning unintelligible , infinitely reassuring sounds in his left ear .
on the far side of the fence , a neighbor was grilling t - bone steaks while his young sons kicked a soccer ball about the manicured lawn .
the bright morning had evaporated most of the dew from a lawn overdue for mowing .
he put his weight behind it and cut a line down the middle of the lawn .
he and frank would take turns to cut the lawn with their manual cylinder mower so he knew to cut straight parallel lines .
he stood in the middle of the lawn and began practicing martial arts routines .
after breakfast she made graham rake the lawn whilst johnny helped her wash up .
was that kung fu you were doing on the lawn before breakfast ?
so that stuff you were practicing on the lawn really works ?
before anyone could object he mowed the lawn not wishing their kindness to go unreciprocated .
hearing this johnny positioned himself at the lawns far corner where he could keep an eye on the dad should he be unable to allow his sons fate to unravel naturally .
tooly stepped onto the front lawn .
when tooly charged again johnny performed a judo throw and pinned him to the lawn .
* * * the faculty offices are little more than cubicles there are pictures thumb - tacked up to the soft walls of her office pictures her students her childhood her graduation from sarah lawrence pictures of her sitting on the lawn with her father he is dead now has been dead for a long time but in the picture taken so many years ago he seems vital and full of life like he will live forever in another picture taken years later she is wearing cut - off shorts and has her hair pulled back and she does n't look anything like her at the time fifty - odd years she wonders if she looks much older now dc is n't in any of the pictures he usually took them himself he insisted on being the one to hold the camera to craft the image and as a result he is n't in any of the pictures well that 's how it goes now is n't it she touches the photos with the tips of her fingers against the glossy surfaces .
she wants to tell the girl all about it wants to explain everything she wants to tell vanessa how it felt when her parents died but she can not speak not about that not now she was thirty years old when it happened when they died she was called down to the hospital morgue to identify the bodies they 'd found i d but they were n't sure could n't say for sure there was n't much left of them her father in his cardigan sweater god he 'd loved those wore them all year round she remembers when she was a little girl just a little slip of a thing her granddaddy used to say before the dementia got him she would bury her face in her father 's chest any time she was afraid was sad was frightened she would bury her face in her father 's warm cardigan would cry to him and his arms wrapping around her the smell of it was written into her mind and there he was on the cold table and they had stripped him mostly naked nothing but a sheet over his body lacerated and bruised and burned and she 'd been unable to breathe unable to cry even she just sank against the wall gaping like a fish and she 'd tried to look away from it and she 'd found her mother 's body next to his her mother her mother god she could n't even think about her mother that was much too hard she looked back at her father looked at his body thinking about him when he was alive she thought of tall grass he 'd hated to mow the lawn and mom would n't do it the job hardly ever got done until joanna was a teenager and they paid her to do it for them he 'd used to walk barefoot would stand there with no shoes no socks feeling the grass between his toes smiling up at the sun darn nice day he would say to her darn nice and she would laugh and run around and he 'd adjust his glasses and put his hands in his pockets he 'd been so proud of her his child his only child his little girl you could see him bursting at the seams with pride like he wanted to run around run barefoot through the neighborhood with her up on his shoulders just shouting this is my child this is my little girl look at her is n't she beautiful is n't she smart is n't she perfect i ' m so proud of her and then he was gone they were both gone and she had nothing there was nobody else in the world who was that proud of her who loved her that much how could there be and then there was david smiling at her across the cafe falling for her and she falling for him and she 'd been open been raw been a wound been hungry for him enough to let herself fall in love with him even though even though even though and now it turned out he 'd felt the same felt more of the same had hated her in some part of himself she could n't understand how had they ended up together there had been good times had n't there or was it all just a fucking delusion was she just trying to justify all the time she 'd lost to him all the years given up she pitied him almost after all he was dead and she was still alive she could still move on could still have something she could fall in love she did n't need him she could be in love again so fuck you david .
she gets up from behind the desk and she leaves the window leaves the room goes out into the cool spring air and crosses the wet lawn and kneels beside vanessa the word she 'd written was the and that was all just an article with no subject a slave with no master just the .
the gypsies were in full - force on the small lawn in the center of the place , they always were .
the lawns were full which meant it was probably sunday , it was easy to lose track of time in this city , so cedric kept track of the days by events and this park burst to life on sundays with a rumbling that was accompanied by the smell of sweat and pot .
all was surrounded by an area of well kept lawn at least two football fields in size .
at least i get some with my lawn bowling .
the gardens and lawns were in pristine condition .
all the carpet had been ripped up and there were a couple metal lawn chairs sitting in there on the concrete instead of the brown carpet and old couch we used to watch tv on .
there was a goat out on the lawn staring at us .
he had nt had to mow the lawn in a year .
a young woman , pretty , lively , with a harp as elegant as herself , placed near a window that opened on a little lawn , surrounded by the rich foliage of summer , was enough to catch any man 's heart .
every room on the west front looked across a lawn to the beginning of the avenue beyond tall iron palisades .
the lawn , bounded by a high wall , contained a bowling - green , and beyond the bowling - green a long terrace walk , backed by iron palisades , with a view over them into the tree - tops of a wilderness .
` ` we must go out on the lawn for that .
her eye fell everywhere on lawns and plantations of the freshest green ; and the trees were in that delightful state when farther beauty is known to be at hand .
him getting wrestled onto the lawn .
three days later glen discovered the lawn mower was missing .
she made no effort to stay clear of glen either , sunbasking fully clothed on the lawn or puttering around the uncared - for flowerbeds bordering the neighbor 's fence : the girl had a thing for puny flowers , weeds , and dirt .
there were derelict houses boarded up and broken into ; front lawns cluttered with living room furniture and kids ' toys ; motorcycles parked in the middle of the grass and cars sitting up on blocks in a permanent state of repair .
glen envisioned doris keppler in her long bathrobe and runners handling the mower and dumping the bag of clippings onto the compost heap ; making neat circuits to and fro across the uneven lawn .
where the dry lawn had once been , small , flat limestone pebbles lay all around the traveler stones so the landscaping looked almost oriental .
i ran onto the lawn at the back of the house and that is when the incendiaries hit the street .
with the exception of a few elderly lawn bowls fanatics , very few people know of the bowling clubs existence .
boston is red brick and cream trim and neat green lawns , towers rising almost unobtrusively from their colonial foundations , past and present bleeding together .
as his car pulled into the driveway a rage of terror filled his body as he saw his fathers car pulled half in the driveway and half on the lawn ; obviously the result of a drunken driver .
my shrubs are looking ragged , weeds are taking over and my lawn 's overgrown .
thrash some lawn ornaments ?
he peered at lou 's lawn , still squinting from the bright light in the sun .
your lawn 's pretty long .
some kids come by and wreck his lawn , and not only does he have to pay to fix it , but he had to pay the association as well .
thomas , meanwhile , will be mowing our lawn this weekend .
thomas will get to the lawn later , then .
lou started shaking his head violently and gesticulating so rapidly with his lemonade that he spilled most of it on his as - yet unmowed lawn .
lou , obviously still upset about the encounter , began the process of weeding his lawn before the mowing .
first , an overgrown lawn , and now , bees .
the only thing preventing me from sending you out there with it to do our lawn is that lou 's broke last week .
alan sighed as his son left the room , and resumed watching his frustrated neighbor drag the lawnmower back and forth across his lawn .
lou shook his head angrily , gritting his teeth as he forced the lawnmower across his lawn .
it was n't until he was halfway down the lawn when he realized that both his neighbor and his lawnmower were nowhere to be found .
furthermore , the lawn was not by any means finished , and the missed rows of grass were still unkempt .
* * * a week later , lou was still missing , and alan 's lawn was now starting to look like it needed attention .
nothing seemed to have changed , except a notice from the homeowners association taped to lou 's door notifying him that if he did n't mow his lawn soon , he would be faced with a fine .
lou 's lawn was still unmowed , and in fact , since it had been a week , was now even worse .
but he was taking care of his lawn last week , was n't he ?
his lawn is still terrible .
i ' m glad he did n't have too much pride to let me help with his lawn .
still damp , i leave my vacant dormitory behind and trek uphill across the main campus that is groomed as well as any english garden but braids of looping sidewalks knot up the lush lawn dotted with stone benches .
the manicured lawn smiled with diagonal lines from a recent mow .
the party exited the house as one giant mass and a large circle formed on the front lawn .
each side held handsome houses and bold lawns .
my community service , or free lawn care for the college , was done .
we sat on the lawn and waited for the rest of the troops to get there .
what had once been a wide green lawn with a stone walk to the front stairs was now an english garden .
quickly , i made my way across the dark lawn in the direction of my dorm .
matt was striding across the lawn toward me , with long , purposeful strides .
i heard what she was saying , but my mind was fixed on something else she had told me about that night on the lawn at wellesley .
we were married two weeks later in a small civil ceremony on the back lawn of our country home , and as soon as school let out , we traveled to the greek island of santorini for our honeymoon .
youtube displayed a number of videos of men inside balls , rolling down lawns in parks and streets .
she left pearl street behind , then turned uphill , past sleeping homes hunkered behind stately lawns .
pete looked over at the green , golf course smooth lawn next door , the regimented bushes and autumn mums , and laughed .
then people were folding up their lawn chairs , walking away , starting their cars .
there were no lawns , no green grass .
live rabbits were still something special , even when my home and its small triangle of tantalizing green lawn in a sea of gravel sliced into rabbit territory , the dry dirt and endless plain of creosote bushes that made up our desert valley .
i remember dashing around the sides of this wheelbarrow barefooted in the grassy lawn in our backyard ; it was early may and the winter rye grass already drooped from the longer hours of intense desert sun ; the blades of grass felt limp under my toes and did nt spring back when i stepped on them ; upon close inspection , i could see individual green blades in the lawn which had shriveled , blackened and wrinkled like tiny whip snakes ; when enough of the green blades had shriveled , the overall lawn would slump and look trampled and in a few days nothing would be left , bar a few patches of brittle yellow ghosts snarled together in shady corners .
i remember dashing around the sides of this wheelbarrow barefooted in the grassy lawn in our backyard ; it was early may and the winter rye grass already drooped from the longer hours of intense desert sun ; the blades of grass felt limp under my toes and did nt spring back when i stepped on them ; upon close inspection , i could see individual green blades in the lawn which had shriveled , blackened and wrinkled like tiny whip snakes ; when enough of the green blades had shriveled , the overall lawn would slump and look trampled and in a few days nothing would be left , bar a few patches of brittle yellow ghosts snarled together in shady corners .
i remember dashing around the sides of this wheelbarrow barefooted in the grassy lawn in our backyard ; it was early may and the winter rye grass already drooped from the longer hours of intense desert sun ; the blades of grass felt limp under my toes and did nt spring back when i stepped on them ; upon close inspection , i could see individual green blades in the lawn which had shriveled , blackened and wrinkled like tiny whip snakes ; when enough of the green blades had shriveled , the overall lawn would slump and look trampled and in a few days nothing would be left , bar a few patches of brittle yellow ghosts snarled together in shady corners .
do nt you dare do that damage to the lawn .
struggling across the grassy lawn , wobbling through the thick bermuda grass and scaring grasshoppers ahead of her , insect which were whizzing away and almost up her skirt .
years later on the same lawn i returned with a scrap of description , a short paragraph describing the hanging halo made of several puffy gray cumulous clouds above a desert mountain in july , and this scrap of paper was sandwiched in my jeans pocket .
we had landed in an exotic , american place , where people drifted in and out to spend their winter days reclining on lawn chairs under the intense sun .
i had no pity for them , for their obvious distress and dislocation , and if they did nt relish the dirt lots of our part of the country i wanted them to quiet about it , to stop discussing the other places with their green lawns , to stop dumping colored gravel on the desert , and i could nt forgive them for still wanting to be what they once had been .
a shaded sidewalk rimmed a bermuda lawn in front of the a and between these low shopping centers .
at the end of services , mrs . sheldon was again posted at the exit with her minister husband , shaking hands and greeting old church goers and potential new members , and i was supposed to rush out of church school and join shirley on the bermuda lawn .
i never knew how the decision was made -- it was one of those mysterious adult arrangements -- but shirley would disappear before i had crossed the lawn , clutching my sunday school papers , proud of the artful manner with which i had swiped crayon color over the breasts of lambs and shepherds .
i would run back to say goodbye to my friend elaine and stumble toward mother over the lawn and around the clutches of talking and laughing adults .
they discussed everything , in their remote , vague manner , through the open door even on the coolest winter mornings , when the desert had winds whipping through from the pacific and the thermometer reached freezing , when the dormant bermuda lawn , which was yellow in the winter , was covered with a frost you could slide on .
his black robes flying like bat wings as he passed over the lawn and the brilliant desert sun beaming off his bald head , he might be arranging a game of basketball at the courts at the back of the church .
a grandma who once a year reached into the back of her closet and dragged out a tattered serape and a sombrero only to sit in a lawn chair at the curb , suck on pumpkin candy , and shout throughout the parade typified a part of the west .
when we were at the ramada , the boy from new york came out once briefly to look at a snail crawl on her lawn .
i ve seen that before , he said across the lawn , smugly creeping back inside to the sofa .
his hair had been lightly shaved into a flat - topped butch , but that had grown out like a lawn .
punishments for touching the new stereo might include crawling around in the front lawn picking out gravel for an entire saturday or even enduring a severe lickin from our dads belt .
as he was climbing back into the cab of his truck , mark noticed a tall , emaciated youth with a wispy beard and skullcap lingering near a crab apple tree on the front lawn .
he came out from behind the truck , tossing what remained of the soap out across the lawn .
you heard about the two - bit punk they found hogtied on mrs . fishers front lawn ?
this would nt have anything to do with that despicable thug covered in chicken feathers that showed up on melba fischers front lawn ?
elliot , who associated statues of any kind - even plastic lawn ornaments - with idol worship , moved several feet to the right so that he was no longer directly in front of the holy mother .
a sign on the front lawn read garret , meyers and morales , attorneys at law .
by late august of the first year , billy ray hooper , who owned the ranch house that abutted the richardsons property was ready to burn a cross on the black family 's front lawn .
in lieu of anything quite that extreme , he just refused to mow the lawn to the left of his house , a not - so - subtle way of letting the dark - skinned neighbors know what he thought of them .
elsewhere , billy ray spread scotts miracle - gro and turfbuilder fertilizer on his lawn .
mr . hooper was mowing his lawn on sunday morning and my father told him to stop , because that s the lords day , the day of rest .
later that evening at supper mr . richardson said , i m going mow the lawn .
you already mowed the lawn , his wife replied .
the idiot , of course , was mr . hooper and the lawn in question was the eight - foot wide parcel of unruly wilderness on the far side of the property .
there was much gesticulating plus several loud belly laughs and high - pitched titters that carried all the way across the back lawn and into the kitchen .
on the far side of the lawn , sades torso was framed in an upstairs window .
gradually the rows of wooden slats crept across the grassy lawn dividing the two properties , and by the late afternoon the beautiful cedar fence stretched to the far end of both yards .
the climate is basically arid , so please explain why dees neighborhood is full of wide green lawns , clearly major jobs to keep watered and mowed .
they open the car door and that dog goes flying across the lawn in a frenzy .
its really nice , there s a subtle curving of the lawn near the pathways that keeps kids from cutting across .
there s a big gnarled tree rising above us , partly shading the lawn and entrance to the hall .
not that i remember ever being there , but i remember seeing him work in the lawn of a tiny ranch off main .
the evening is warm but not too warm to mingle out on the lawn .
on the lawn , a small band is playing in front of the temporary floor put down so our guests can dance under the stars .
from the wide , now of course scorched lawn , rose everywhere groups of large , magnificent trees .
so she then went on over the wide lawn and under the heaven - reaching trees , and soon the one left behind saw nothing more of her .
nevertheless maren believed that a green glow remained on the lawn where her foot had stepped , and when the gray garment trailed over the dry grass it rustled it so peculiarly that she always had to listen to it .
again she tore her hands apart from each other , and where the spraying drops touched the earth , there sprang up new rose scents , and a play of colors from fresh , never - before seen flowers pressed themselves sparkling from the lawn .
then she turned and went away under the falling drops over the lawn .
they appeared to be homes remodeled into businesses , complete with front walkways surrounded by lawns .
he saw the brown crabgrass that had choked out a once - plush lawn .
he concluded that no decision was necessary right now , but that leaving it to rot among the manicured lawns of the quiet neighborhood seemed a shame .
the serpent was kicked back in a lawn chair , drinking a margarita .
jerrys men heaved several bags of concrete from the van and dumped them onto a small lawn along with a hoard of brutal tools .
` ` i had a little fling with the guy who mowed our lawn .
she has to get someone to mow the lawn and someone else to blow the scale out of the aging hot water pipes , whose flow has been reduced to a trickle .
she was a secret the neighborhood had somehow hidden from me for 40 years , and i examined her carefully while she politely nodded and exclaimed over the junk on the lawn .
her presence had a kind of stillness , like a dignified house , full of years and character , with sweeping lawns .
he ignored our shocked expressions and stood with his hands like two bunches of bananas riding his hips , surveying the cluttered lawn .
in the silence i could hear the dry tick of maple leaves sifting down to the lawn .
and so we carried her stuff out of her garage and plunked it down on our lawn , and we made the lemonade and ice tea and sat in our lawnchairs , wearing floppy hats against the slanting sunlight .
plus there s the possibility that ruth will be reminded of the horrible state of helens house the result partly of her blindness and partly of her obsession with the drivers license , which has driven every other thought out of her head except for the unproductive one of how old and alone she is ( helens husband , milton , sat down for a nap in his lawnchair one day after mowing the lawn 10 years ago , and never woke up ) and ruth will feel that she has to drop in to chat for a minute and at least change the cat box , even though this is a futile task , because the box has been topped off with turds so many times by now that the cat never even thinks of it any more , just goes behind the furniture or down in the basement , so that a hideous jungle odor pervades the house .
for example , one day bob adjusted the lawn mower blades to the lowest setting and completely destroyed a section of our lawn .
for example , one day bob adjusted the lawn mower blades to the lowest setting and completely destroyed a section of our lawn .
he told me that he adjusted the blade setting so he could cut the grass shorter and would nt have to mow the lawn as often .
bob had never adjusted the lawn mower blades before that day , partly because i had told him to never adjust the blade height .
i could easily envision ted telling bob to ruin our lawn , and that he would drive by our house to make sure he actually did it .
leaving my car parked where it was , i walked absently across the court square toward the ancient hotel , wandering through the historical war relics preserved on the small lawn .
they picked up his trail a few hundred yards earlier from the over - grown lawn of another house .
the judge stands at the large window of his office overlooking the courthouse lawn .
she needs her lawn mowed one last time before the winter snow hits , and inside there 'll probably be dishes to wash and some cleaning .
then he sat still and looked out of the bow - window on the lawn and shrubs covered with hoar - frost .
everything around them was agreeable : the summer air through the open windows , at which the dogs could walk in from the lawn ; the park beyond ; the still room , with its sober antiquated elegance , as if it kept a conscious , well - bred silence , unlike the restlessness of vulgar furniture .
mr . grandcourt had drawn his chair aside to face the lawn , and with his left leg over another chair , was smoking a large cigar , while his companion was eating .
grandcourt took no notice , but sipped his coffee , rose , and strolled out on the lawn , all the dogs following him .
the company bios were amusing to read , until the boy next to me caught me grinning ( at a line about how one of the writers had started a green living handbag line made entirely of recycled lawn compost ) , and i was forced to turn to more serious work .
it was strung between two large pine trees at the edge of the lawn , and strung so high off the ground that laura had to jump to get into it .
how odd shed not noticed the statue before , and how odd of josh to put the yard art in the woods and not on the lawn .
it took two short steps parallel the hammock and the lawn , then grazed some more .
shed set her book down on the plastic lawn chair and half - walked , half - jogged into the large tent to prep for what shed known was coming .
as if on cue , a bright red cardinal appeared out of the leaves and flew off into the tree line at the edge of the lawn .
he located the area of lawn least likely to be troubled by shadows , laid on the towel and closed his eyes .
this was n't something that he 'd needed to do when trying the easel out on the flat lawn of his back garden , but now that he needed to , he found that the required screw had in fact snapped off , and the leg was immovable .
then he laid some old newspaper out on the lawn , and was about to shake his first can of spray paint when his mum shouted out ` ` theo !
as you can see from here , the garden has been well maintained with the majority laid to lawn and a selection of hardy perennials in the borders .
from time to time , james could see the man shuffle his feet down his driveway and throw away a white kitchen garbage bag , or pay a neighborhood teenager to mow his lawn when the irritatingly rebellious weeds began to peek through the earth in front of his house .
rarely would the neighbors gaze upon him squinting at the sun on while carefully sculpting his lawn or sitting on his front porch .
got ta post that sign in his lawn now , but he s on probation or something .
marcia talked and talked and talked through her red stained teeth , while her dad mowed the back lawn and gave him dirty looks whenever their eyes met .
you ever mow a lawn ?
chester did nt have much of a lawn , and less of a lawnmower .
it took our boy about half an hour to mow the entire lawn front and back .
jim points to a plywood raccoon poking out of a giant plastic trash can , a homemade lawn ornament .
yes , in a few years he d be a sushi and wine aficionado and would take his inheritance and move to connecticut where no one ever frowned and everyone had fake lawns .
he took the amtrak to the closest small town with a depot , picked up a penny saver paper , and used half of his remaining cash to buy a used white bronco off some guys lawn .
it was bolted to a vile stake stuck firmly , though savagely into the given green ground , as if on the front lawn of someones placid - looking home reading : test your manhood some other way than by shooting at harmless birds , plants and animals !
beth pictured fighting with joe on the front lawn when he was in first grade and she was in middle school .
the lawn becoming a giant slip n slide .
casting their bikes on the lawn like abandoned steeds , they gathered in a circle .
it made me think heaven would be full of lawn chairs and water bottles .
one summer night several years ago , when roscoe was at his weekly neighborhood card game , doris and regina sat on the screened - in porch of the connecticut shore house , with its lawn sweeping down to the rocky wall that separated it from the slowly rolling waves of protected long island sound .
to the left , below , was a small rectangular lawn planted with young trees ; to the right , above , jutting out , was the balcony which adjoined the students ' common room ; and higher again , towering even higher as she approached the doors , the five storeys of the college , each tier of windows growing progressively smaller until at the top they were no more than a narrow ribbon of glass sunk into the concrete crown .
the parish hall loomed in the dark , one of three long and low brick buildings with interconnecting lawns , splattered with desert plants , beneath a sky strewn with stars , the far mountains on the horizon slightly darker than the sky , and the light clouds here and there bothering the stars .
what s wrong with mowing the lawn or drying the dishes ?
the next sunday , my last sunday at church , shirley shelton stood on the bermuda lawn clutching her purse and fingering her clip - on earrings .
we stood in the middle of the bermuda lawn and shirley stood nearby .
i d plopped on the lawn outside the main library once for ten minutes when a freaky mesmerizer had tried to recruit me into his cult of women .
there was someone i had seen on the bus who also accosted me on a lawn right outside here , but i should have known better than to think he had found my address , because that man already had groupies and he could nt have planned anything because his brain was nt functioning right due to him being struck by lightning a whole bunch of times .
picking away at the wide - eyed ambitions dancing along the freshly cut blades of an expansive front lawn .
the air was spiced with sea salt , the vines and flowers and lawns she passed sprinkled with globules of dewdrops , tiny liquid worlds all their own .
there was a very slight breeze , cool and scented like autumn , reminding maggie of leaf piles and childhood walks across snow - dusted lawns browned by cold , and the hint of a fireplace burning nearby as dusk settled in .
wrapped like an angry god in the flames of the omems veil , it spat mansion - sized ice chunks and the warships it had captured like a gargantuan spinning lawn sprinkler , the ice and the wood smashing into the earth after long , airy falls , the sound like a continuous barrage of howitzers going off all around her .
run into a lawn mower on the way here ?
they often met crossing the lawn and exchanged greetings .
kandowere stored the gems in the plant pots on kks verandah until one day , when the regional commissioner and his party climbed out of three brand new long wheel base land rovers , swept across the lawn and stepped up to see the old man on the verandah and inadvertently knocked one of the pots off its pedestal and down onto the herbaceous border at the front of the house below the raised verandah .
a few girls sunbathed on the lawn in front of one of the dorms .
one of the paramedics was kicking back beside it in a lawn chair , eating a cheeseburger while his partner rooted around in the cadillacs back end .
i found alex by the hearse , chilling in the lawn chair he always brought .
the frogs were starting their evening chorus and she saw the white tail of a rabbit as it hopped across the lawn into some bushes .
then you would nt have to mow the lawn that slopes down that hill .
i m going to put the big sculpture out in the middle of our lawn so you see it every day .
semi - detached house after semi - detached house arrayed in all directions , harmoniously separated by fences , protected from the street by hedge , lawn and driveway .
the manicured lawn extended ahead towards a hedge that secluded the park from a less peaceful world where double - decker buses and family cars drove past .
all that was needed was to tidy up a few lawns , eliminate litter and better municipal planning .
the ragged hedges no longer enclosed well tended lawns and flower - beds , but rather rectangles of crops , occasionally enlivened by aclump of trees .
i wandered along the station grounds , peering at the signs to find a place that sold food and drink rather than compact discs , lawn mowers , magazines and fluffy toys with i baldam written on them .
do all the houses have lawns , garages and security lights ?
all of this was beyond high golden railings , forbidding guards , several furlongs of concrete and ornate lawn , and a towering row of flag staffs with the blue , red and green standards of several nations waving slightly in the breeze .
oaks , sycamores and beeches dotted well - tended lawns bordered by tarmacked paths and signposted at every junction .
una nodded , so we slowly ambled across the lawn towards the tree , past the bandstand where moustachioed men were playing a mixture of songs old and new to a relaxing psychedelic beat .
beta sat next to me , while lord arthur eased himself down onto the trampled lawn .
i would have thought that a place like the academy , where so many brilliant minds are gathered in the whole - hearted pursuance of different aspects of the truth , would be a far more likely place to find the truth than streets and avenues of semi - detached houses and manicured lawns .
there were corinthian pillars , byzantine domes , gothic towers , arabic murals and , in the long approach in front , were statues sprinkled about of its garden lawns .
the statues on the lawn were as miscellaneous as the architecture .
the avenues and streets were lined by a comforting array of lamp - posts and mature trees ; the neatly trimmed hedges and lawns guarded by plastic garden gnomes kept a decent distance from the pavement ; and television aerials and satellite dishes decorated every roof .
the pages divided themselves and scattered their separate ways on the herbaceous borders and heathers of a front lawn .
some of the houses , however , had suffered considerably worse than others : trails of smoke still rising through blackened and charred roofs and smashed possessions scattered over neatly mown lawns and tangling in the geraniums in the flower beds .
we stood in the shelter of the hallway , amongst the detritus of recent destruction , looking through the curtain of rain beating insistently on the driveway , further battering down the broken stalks of flowers bordering the lawn , and dripping off a porch into a sodden puddle on the welcome mat .
all the hedges , lawns and bowling greens : its so flipping boring !
twistin ' and turnin ' and coilin ' back and forth , up and down , and she was starin ' right at me , eyes burnin ' a hole in my head , those red , fiery eyes burnin ' a hole ` ` chapter 1 joshua kumar : june , 1895 the house stood tall and narrow beyond an expanse of lush green lawn .
the warm spring rains had supported a burst of growth , the lawn and junipers and squat mugho pine , planted just months before .
the house stood tall and slim just beyond a large expanse of unkempt lawn .
the neighbours were very accommodating and had agreed to mow the lawn for the extra week , but a fourth week ?
two houses away , liz walked across a neighbour 's lawn and into the back yard .
liz climbed over a fence and across a lawn and over another fence until she stood behind jafre 's house .
lights from the other houses cast long shadows across the lawn and bryan shivered , shrugged and followed liz as she went to a basement window and pushed .
they fell off the edge of the porch , scrambled to their feet and ran across the back lawn , the humming seeming to follow them , and they leaped the low fence simultaneously and continued without stopping across the neighbour 's lawn streaked with light from the windows , over another fence and down the alley and across the street .
they fell off the edge of the porch , scrambled to their feet and ran across the back lawn , the humming seeming to follow them , and they leaped the low fence simultaneously and continued without stopping across the neighbour 's lawn streaked with light from the windows , over another fence and down the alley and across the street .
the wind died down and the willow was quiet , its long moon - shadow lying sinister across the snow covered lawn .
he was just a kid , but he mowed the lawn , cut wood , repaired the fence , did odd jobs and even went to town to buy her groceries - and he did that for more than four years .
cassandra pointed to colby and the branches rose and the figures began to move across the lawn toward the road .
there , at the road , two brilliant eyes , lights beaming across the lawn .
each lawn was bisected by a clean white sidewalk leading up to its cement slab porch , identical to the porches on all the other houses .
and you can bet , they d see me approaching ( half - crushed under the box ; hobbling towards them like a turtle ) but ( and this is key ) i wouldntmeananything to them ; it would never occur to them that i was the one who had absconded with the car ( not hobbling along with the box on my back like that ) , so i would be free to hobble right past them ( coming with yardsthe distance from the sidewalk to the middle of the strip of lawn separating it from the street ) and as i did so , the worst that could happen would be a long embarrassed silence as the woman and i , making eye contact , considered and rejected the only possible basis for saying anything ( mutual pleas for help ; but , of course , help was impossible ; how could i help them ?
the backdoor led out to a fire escape , said bob , and the fire escape dropped down into the backyard , and the backyard was lovely , completely different from the front yard : no scrubby half dead lawn , no squirrel holes , no scraggly tree growing on a mound .
joshs daddy had even brought his new wife to the race but they were all sitting around in lawn chairs under a tarp , laughing and talking like one big , happy family .
mrs . abrim jumped out of her lawn chair and said , monroe ?
she sat down on the lawn chair and put her hands on his shoulders , kneading his muscles without even stopping to think about what she was doing , or asking josh if it were okay for her to touch him like this .
she stood up and readjusted the lawn chair so it was level like a cot .
for god 's sake , terri , we get forty - eight inches of rain here , and those guys are out there watering their lawns !
and after all the work that terri had put into the house , it seemed only fair that he should take care of the lawn .
he would take care of every lawn on the block , front and back , for a mother - in - law who did n't consider him a busboy .
there was grass , not grass , but acres and acres of lawn .
the outside was a study in contrasts , with the early 1900 design representing the buildings origins and modern sculptures of dragons and dinosaurs gracing the lawn representing the buildings current use .
i throw some orange peal out the window , watch the kids sitting in the shade on that big lawn out front of the high school .
he tries to shake off in my arms , feels like trying to hold a lawn sprinkler .
then there 's the lawn that they do n't keep mowed anymore .
off in the corner of the lawn is the burn barrel .
stays so crowded at noon the line extends out onto their lawn .
it 's not like two coloreds to be out here on the lawn at lunch .
now here comes sonnett striding across the lawn and into the road .
guess the answer is no , and no amount of waiting will make it safe , so i get out of my car and walk on over through the tall lawn grass .
charles and that pickup disappear around the corner of the house , wheels spinning , just tearing the hell out of the lawn , and me running right after him .
i get around the corner just in time to see charles heading for the lawn mower , take out the two rusted fifty gallon drums used for burning trash , then on around to the other side of the house where he runs over mama 's garden which does n't matter because it 's just last years and everything dead , but i guess charles wants it anyway , so he takes out a few dead sweet - corn stalks and then goes on around to the front of the house again , runs over the red water hose then back - ends papa 's pickup but this stops him because the two pickups lock bumpers and his motor dies .
the other side had twin windows with cream venetian blinds that looked out over a clipped lawn and a piecemeal straggly garden of staked dahlias and intermittent hydrangea bushes bordering a grey paling fence that hemmed the lot in .
kirby ford and ronny wilkie crouched behind the picnic table bench set on its side their only bulwark from the enemy across the lawn .
two hard wet tennis balls smacked the other side of the bench and rebounded into the middle of the lawn where they sat , as plunder .
teams of equal number took shelter at either end of the lawn , each team behind a picnic table bench on its side .
sometimes it was even flesh tones if we were lucky we d pass some fox on a towel or lawn chair .
i ca nt believe how quickly you got this done , gary summer said to guy one saturday morning as he picked up his lawn mower .
not too bad , i just stepped in something on the condo lawn .
a blonde woman folds up a lawn chair , it is deep enough in the twilight that i ca n't tell if she is fresh and new or stretched like hide leather , her florida skin allows her to be either way for the twilight moment .
i looked across the lawn for uncle ander .
stemmed lamps pushed up from the manicured front lawn , and through clear , clean windows i could see recessed halogen downlights reflecting in a gold - framed mirror hanging over the mantel of an old fireplace .
not wanting to draw attention to the copulating couple by going through the kitchen , i ran out the front door and around anthonys lawn to the passage down one side of the house .
the blocks of classrooms across the field stood like small houses amid lawn and sparse gardens , red - roofed and clad in white weatherboard with bottle - green trim .
retirees had stripped their blocks bare and built monotonous brick - veneer houses on them , fronted by closely - shaven lawns that even in the rainy winter were tinged with yellow .
the keg was losing gravity , and the gang orbiting it loosened , spinning off into constellations on the corners and edges of the lawn rimmed with glossy - leafed azalea bushes .
the crowd continued out the front doors , across the lawn , until they stood about fifty yards from the building .
having reached the edge of his neighbors lawn , sundar stopped and observed the newly clipped grass .
he upbraided me for standing upon his lawn .
he vaguely heard his wife shuffling around in the kitchen probably turning her penetrating gaze back onto the front lawn .
she glanced at him and then her gaze fell past him to the lawn .
cut grass , mow the lawn .
you see , everybody uses a lawn mower .
my nephew works on lawns for pocket money .
he s been mowing my lawn since he was ten .
bellowing and bawling , the herd streamed past a sherman tank on the lawn of the armory and blew right through a huge , hand - painted sign hawking the pro wrestling extravaganza set for saturday night .
later that night i caught up with him at the excelsior where he and my twin ` ` aunts '' were sharing a six - pack on the lawn by the light of the moon .
the rather grand granite built squires house was now restored as the schools offices and senior teaching block directly facing the sea over the formal lawn .
he had to cross the first lawn in full sight of the school .
missing since we had celebratory cakes on the lawn when one cake went missing , stolen in fact .
so pip , with owen as his assistant , was put in charge of parking , a task that meant marking out the front lawn of the school as a car park for parents .
pip and owen painstakingly marked out the front lawn for parents to park on .
all the buildings were cleaned , the flowerbeds weeded and the lawns mown .
meanwhile pips parents had walked around the main lawn , meeting up with old acquaintances , other parents and the teachers .
every player in the league had to volunteer a few hours a week in the town whether it was assisting seniors , repairing houses , cutting lawns or removing snow for the elderly , or raising money for local charities the next generation would volunteer for more hours than asked .
after dressing her , madeline took her hand and pulled her out onto the lawn .
later in the day will be the easter egg hunt on the front lawn of the plant , the last scheduled joint activity to be hosted by the local entities of general motors and the united auto workers .
no matter that it is novemberhundreds of children will dash across the front lawn one last time , scooping up plastic eggs filled with prize certificates from local merchants who , one more time , had coughed up tens of thousands of dollars for the annual easter egg hunt .
a thousand people pack the front lawn of the stamping plant .
the boys and girls fill their donated , plastic walmart bags with the prizes , all of them finding success as there are thousands of eggs scattered on the lawn .
when the smaller of the two reaches for a large egg , he is sent reeling across the lawn by the other boy .
the next photo featured tom and ezekiel on the front lawn of their small house in arlington , virginia .
the rise of the unkempt lawn and the standing crowd obstructed his view somewhat , but ezekiel , even from where his car was parked on the roads shoulder , could still see well enough .
it was of ezekiel and tom , arm in arm , holding a sold sign on the front lawn of a small house .
most mornings like this , i d grab a book and my breakfast and sit in one of the two blue and white striped lawn chairs in the small yard doing little more than working on my tan .
after he explained they agreed to his plea and took off and flew into the closest town , landing on a front lawn .
maria and i slipped out to the lawn in front of the mansion where jesus was raised .
treading carefully , grey continued on to the golf fairway of a rear garden , the lawn of which seemed to move and undulate as he walked along its edge , the whole space enclosed by centuries - old trees .
i followed the prints into the rain and saw purple hood heading at a fast walk across the lawn towards the rover .
lately , the gnomes had been on myrtles front lawn more often than not .
he waved at his grandmothers poodle watching him from the top of the lawn in the shade of a thirty - foot douglas fir .
walking down four stone steps , she crossed the lawn and flowerbed to the side of the building .
her picture is in all her newspaper ads , lawn signs and even the slides they show in the theater before the movie starts .
aaron was on his knees on the lawn throwing a ball to the delight of a somewhat uncoordinated poodle .
she came home while i was mowing the lawn .
de la pea watched the teenager on the lawn with the dog .
de la pea walked across the driveway and lawn .
he leaned into the bed of the truck and slid out a three by two foot cage containing seven schnauzer puppies , setting it on the lawn next to the truck .
scott and his friend were yelling at aaron as they chased him across the lawn .
rows of steel and canvas booths were growing on the lawn nearest the parking lot .
you can help with the lawn later as your penance . ''
patrick allen 's house sat back from the road on white 's lane , a red - brick wall holding the iron gates shut as the mock - tudor house poked out from the immaculate lawn behind .
he returned to the barn and got lawn chairs and a little coffee table for their drinks .
a gray slate roof and leaded bay windows overlooked the winter - matted carpet of lawn and the privet hedges bordering the sidewalk .
then tell me how to get to forest lawn cemetery from here and ill walk .
* * * sometimes it seems like just about everything in the city of buffalo is either directly on or just off of main street , and forest lawn was no exception .
sticks and bits of trash covered the matted lawn .
i crossed the twenty yards of brown lawn to the house , climbed the porch steps , knocked on the door , and wondered what the hell i d say to the woman .
i stormed off across the lawn for the house .
tire tracks gouged the lawn in front of the hedge .
mowing his lawn ?
i knew helen had a few servants , but i hoped they were too busy to notice me crossing the lawn .
i got up quickly and ran down the length of the house until i felt it was safe to cut across the lawn and back down the driveway .
i forgot about the people in the kitchen , which , of course , happened to be where i chose to cut across the lawn .
i took my shoes off so they would nt get any more ruined from running across the lawn and in the mulch .
it had patio doors that in warmer months would open up to join the lawn ; though it was surely still too early in the year for this feature to be utilised .
suffering the curse of the groundfloor flat , grey knew the curtains would have had to have been pulled - to before the lights could come on , otherwise anything going on here could be seen across the front lawn and beyond .
you see , it was another aspect of the planners idealism that large parts of the estate were built without spaces for parking see where the council have had to lower the kerbstones , where lawns have been slabbed over , where fences on strips of public land are pulled up and cars are parked in the mud .
he pointed to a row of little buildings facing just away from them , the nearest seeming to form out of its unmown lawn as the trunk of an oak does from the forest floor , the structure the same for all in the row intentionally featureless but for windows that , like in a childs drawing , were small and different - sized and pushed up into the corners and along the edges of the buildings face , leaving an expanse of uniform brickwork at its centre , look at those lopsided eyes madness ; and how little light you d get inside .
he set up two lawn chairs in the wide hallway , brought out two glasses of raspberry iced tea , and convinced me to sit down and let the moving guys do all the work .
some of the lawns were manicured , while others were unkempt .
beyond , a narrow strip of blacktop rippled across a neatly trimmed lawn like an old belt .
the lawn sprinklers sputtered streams of liquid silver onto brown grass , and steaming asphalt .
` ` i came here and found your driver sitting in his own puke and one of our leading citizen 's laying out on the lawn as vulture bait .
` ` that solid citizen lying out on the lawn made his millions supplying the portello drug syndicate . ''
and from somewhere came the mating call of a vireo striving to raise voice above the buzzing sounds of lawn trimming equipment .
outside , the lawn was getting concerted care from a large crew .
his neck stiffened but he said nothing , continuing to stare out at the lawn workers .
the lawn workers were moving onto another area of the lawn .
the lawn workers were moving onto another area of the lawn .
leaving eli 's body on the lawn would not be dominic 's styleand not tolerated by sal .
you left the body right on the front lawn , for christ 's sake .
cold and wet , we walked home along quiet streets lined with trees and well - kept lawns , praising the warmth of the sun as our clothes began to dry .
saunders was below me , not much but enough that my rounds would have hit the driveway and lawn of the next house .
the wife had nagged about seven cars all in pieces in the garage , driveway , and lawn .
the nun lead them out into the middle of a large lawn and they sat in a circle .
across the street a resident of the condominium directly opposite paused on his lawn to take notice of the number of people who were arriving .
the other picture was more of a family shot taken out on the lawn .
the lawn was freshly mowed so george had fit that in on his sunday off .
and sure enough , here was a photograph of five smiling females , all reclining in lawn chairs in a well - kept back yard ; rose bushes in full bloom .
the well - manicured lawn was beginning to blend into taller rye grass .
past a field of what looked like hay the lawn narrowed to just a few yards wide .
their feet hit pavement as they located a narrow access road used by the lawn service .
the lush , green lawn was edged and manicured to perfection .
it was just a hard pounding summer rain , enough to knock the aphids off the rosebushes and drench the thirsty vegetable gardens and lawns .
alex was kneeling in the lawn repairing a sprinkler hose .
it spread from the porch out into the lawn and was in full effect , kicking , punching , clawing , a hell of a fight .
large , solid houses with porches and manicured lawns .
the impact lifted the cop off his feet , and he went down onto the mud of a newly seeded lawn and stayed down , out cold .
all you have in here is a bed , some lawn furniture , and a dresser that had to have been thrown out by somebody else .
on the roof were a few weathered , wooden lawn chairs lined up against the inclosing brownstone ledge , and gail cummings sat huddled in a fuzzy bathrobepurple this timeon the chair in the middle .
a streetlight stood glowing directly in front of the manicured lawn .
she jumped out and ran on skinny legs across the lawn to the front door of the house .
you would n't happen to know where the lawn equipment is stored , would you ? ''
` ` i see you have that man mowing the lawn .
it was the biggest house on the whole block with a fine manicured lawn and a huge gate that blocked the entrance to the driveway that winded up to his huge estate .
the parents , contractor and all 24 kids were back sunday afternoon to finish the repairs and sod the lawn .
the week vantage heights biddies called 911 on the neighbor who planted corn in the front lawn was pretty funny .
its wide , closely clipped lawn rolled gently down to the main street .
we stood on the lawn in the warm sun and watched cars drive by and kids play and people talk on the sidewalk .
tina 's car in the driveway , the lawn in front cut neatly .
past the perfectly manicured and untrodden lawn of the senior condominiums with the white circular veranda in its midst , a scattering of white wicker chairs in the middle perpetually pristine and unused .
surrounded by golf course quality lawns , the house had nt been on the market since giselle and her now deceased husband edgar bought it back in the 60s for a quarter million .
brightly colored impatiens lined the driveway next to the well clipped lawn , birds chirped and trees rustled lightly in the breeze .
she pondered the whole situation again , when she spotted the cb - pru - u - z for sale sign staked into the lush lawn next to the gate .
long rivulets of blood flowed down her hanging arms , dripping off her charm bracelet onto the deep rich green of the lawn .
we also found tiffanys blood and bits of giselle frackles lawn and soil on your shoes , and in your car .
giselle frackle must have contracted some sort of amusement company to set up a mini - ferris wheel , a carousel and even a little go - kart race track on the vast lawn surrounding the mansion .
how bored must she have been to hop into bed with the lawn mower guy ?
* * * * * * * later on , ella wandered back out to the front lawn , curious as to the state of the entrance lines .
ella , the littlefeather - jones and hundreds of others turned to see sanjay trying to help giselle up off the lawn , where shed fallen onto all fours .
before ella could even think , lt . rothschild appeared out of nowhere and knocked her to the plush lawn .
she cleared the house and shot out onto the open lawn .
her heels had come off at some point and she stood barefoot on the lawn in her elegant green dress .
giselles crackly voice shot across the lawn .
ella stopped next to the barker brokers yard sign , the thick post still buried a foot deep in the lawn .
they ' ve been doing lawn maintenance and house repairs for mostly elderly people in the area for a long time .
her paperwork mentioned that the place might need mowing , so she stopped back by her house and hitched up her utility trailer with lawn mower and the assortment of rakes , hoes and other gardening tools that were a requirement for a lot of these abandoned properties .
back at the pickup truck and utility trailer that shed left out front , sam unloaded the lawn mower , topped off the gas , and rolled it to the back .
it was nt until she reached the far north edge of the grassy area that she realized part of the lawn was missing .
she tapped an impatient toe as heavy raindrops saturated the freshly cut lawn .
the grave is actually out at the back edge of the lawn , sam said .
sam went out to her truck to be sure her tools and lawn equipment were loaded .
she doubted that a property on the ski basin road would have an actual , formal lawn but she never knew .
she set the cake carefully in the back , hitched up the trailer with her lawn equipment and started rolling .
she steered the mower to the backyard , making a perimeter where the lawns edge touched the wild grasses and sage beyond .
the patio spilled out onto a short lawn dotted with coconut palms that ended with private beach access .
she crossed the lawn through a stand of trees and headed for the manjack and tan - tan bush my neighbors had come and gone through the day before .
in spite of reminding himself over and over , the attraction between them pulled so hard he swore he d be leaving a trail scored by his heels on the lawns of lassiter run .
it was a hard - knock , learn or die type of existence , and did nt include any expansive lawns , drowsing puppies , or pretty hanging baskets full of delicate flowers .
they stood to the side of the front lawn under the shade of the palm tree .
when the snake was stretched on the lawn it took three men to contain it .
the front lawn lit up like daylight when i pulled into the driveway .
you re probably going to have reporters calling and camping on your front lawn to try and get a statement from you .
erica waltzed across the snow - covered lawn to where her husband was looking for some more folks who might need the blankets and seats in the front .
i crawled away as fast as i could over the ice - encrusted grass of the lawn , ignoring the pain in my knees where i had landed on the unforgiving flagstone .
it did nt matter , however , when your neighbors kept pink , plastic flamingos as lawn decorations .
belinda looked down to the lawn , a man hurrying toward the gazebo , built up to look over the water , with a woman trying to catch up .
bennett sauntered across the lawn toward him .
` ` i did n't have cameras or people on that part of the lawn . ''
she picked up a mop and slid a lawn chair across the concrete floor and stood on top , closing her eyes as she jabbed the mop handle into the glass .
a brick built barbecue stood to one side with a wooden table and chairs beside it , a lounger stood open by the lawn .
soon bright lights are shining through the window and people seem to be everywhere on their front lawn .
there , sprawled on the lawn close to the manicured shrubs , lay a woman , her contorted body lying face down .
there s a body on the courtyard lawn .
trying to find the julian of his early twenties with the lofty ambitions of being a great novelist and then , through the most natural of segues , to hollywood where he would bring intelligence and cool to a cinematic new wave that he would head before retiring to cape cod or some similarly summery locale where people would walk along the beach and try to spot him from a distance beaching himself on his front lawn .
summer , spring and fall , the work was mowing and raking lawns and he stoked his engine with beer .
the snow from the storm had retreated to misshapen lines of dirt - laden lumps along the roadsides and thin patches of crust in the shaded areas of lawns back from the street .
the development was thirty - two small houses packed together in a desert , and it was a hardy soul who tried to grow a garden there , or maintain a lawn .
as they walked past the mailbox which read coach , the small one - story bungalow with white siding and dark green shutters sat in the center of a fairly well - manicured lawn and garden that formed a perfect square as it cut into the massive woods .
before me lay an empty expanse of lawn , dotted with a few specimen plants and evergreens .
how was i going to cross that huge lawn without being seen ?
i kept low and snuck from shrub to shrub , watching the house for any sign of greg , until an open portion of the lawn was my remaining obstacle .
she did nt see any newspapers lying on the vast front lawns , but odds were most of the homeowners had boxes like the crawfords .
it was warm and light with a view of rolling lawns and what i guessed were herbaceous borders , all neatly trimmed back .
nadia 's neighbors once again stood outside of her house and on her lawn and watched the men and women walk back and forth with their crime scene gear in one hand and evidence in another .
betty set up lawn chairs under the trees while i cleaned the produce inside , and then i put on some hoyt axton and doc watson bluegrass , and turned up the outdoor speakers .
the headlights bounced wildly across the huge lawn before settling on the two - story farmhouse .
delaney drove the short distance to ashley fulmers house , a modest log cabin sitting on ten acres of manicured lawn , a backdrop of forest to the rear .
his visits with ernie , his eagerness to please , mow the lawn , fix the plumbing ...
the johnson 's had a modest house with a two - car garage and a nicely manicured lawn .
the neighborhood was by no means lower class but there were a few broke down pickups in the lawn and tattered boats .
there were pickup trucks parked on lawns and christmas lights still up flashing .
either the ku klux klan had called , and he did nt see any burning cross on the lawn , or the man had been dressed up like a ghost .
the wind picked up , swirling the leaves and lawn clippings around my feet .
did you know he burned a big heart with an arrow into our lawn with weed killer ?
the lawn hung over the edges of the flagstone walk and the house was beginning to look abandoned .
leaves crunched under my feet as i walked through the overgrown lawn and peeked into the left conservatory .
student administration inhabited a large brick building with a well - manicured lawn and trees .
we looked at the carrot and listened to the bluejays having it out in the hundred - year oak that sat at the edge of the lawn .
some guy in an excursion parked on the lawn .
i was outside on a gravel border about three feet from the funeral home lawn .
beyond the lawn was a stand of trees .
i could crawl out onto the lawn and hope a mourner would spot me when they got in their car .
its two stories , brick , with a neatly - kept front lawn .
and on the lawn , just a few feet from the front door , is a skateboard .
up ahead , there are several christmas trees in a big pile on the lawn of the house on the corner .
its an unfinished basement , there are boxes , some lawn furniture folded up against one wall , and , there , by the boilerthere she is .
it was an attractive space with evergreen trees , bushes and a green lawn .
millicent said , as they settled themselves in a light and airy but somehow soulless room overlooking a medium sized rear garden , mostly lawn .
millicent gazed out of the window at two magpies on the lawn .
millicent thought that the lawn could use another mowing at the weekend , and considered again the possibility of getting a gardener .
i mowed the lawn and then had a shower and changed before gwen and i went out with sheldon and his wife janine for the evening . ''
the hunters ' house was on the other side of the crescent and mrs hutchins ' must have been standing on the edge of the lawn to see their drive at all .
from about half past eleven on she had been mowing the lawn with our motor mower .
the sun was just disappearing behind the trees at the back of the property , and long shadows were cast across the lawn .
irita and mesa waded through a sea of picnickers , babies on blankets and elderly people in lawn chairs .
the lawn had been recently mowed , the porch swept .
despite its once staggering profits , the mines yard was now no more than a grass - covered expanse where small children played and elderly people sat in lawn chairs to listen to the community orchestras last lunchtime concert of the summer .
the place looked empty , the hedge needed trimming but was not wildly overgrown and ditto the lawn .
i noticed another dead swallow on the lawn - dead birds would not help the house to sell and i thought i 'd suggest a gardener dropping for an hour .
the cat suddenly dashed across the lawn and dived between her feet .
i read earlier chapters , went out and mowed my lawn .
had he really stood in front of the view wishing , somewhere deep inside , it was a suburban spread of lush lawn ?
the lawn had a central patio , and there were several architectural antiques scattered around the perimeter .
here on the front lawn ?
even though mariposa county was sparsely populated , it seemed that each resident was out on his or her lawn this evening , just waiting for the sheriffs shiny white ford explorer to drive by .
stewie was sitting in a lawn chair next to jackie .
we made our way back through the garage and onto the lawn in time to see aunt bee parking in my driveway .
the rest of us sat in the lawn chairs hank had already set up to face in that direction .
mrs . wyler came out of the house next door to stand on her front lawn and watch .
while i craned my neck to watch , he marched quickly across the scant lawn beyond the car park and ducked into the main office .
i also knew the reunion was being held on the lawn just outside the school , hence the sensible shoes , stockings , and shawl .
i was lucky my heels were n't too high , as i quickly found that the staff did n't upkeep the lawn past the front gate .
other people had already arrived , and i joined a steady stream of thirty - year - olds as we headed for the lawn .
we all made our way out towards the lawn .
there were several long tables set out on the lawn , covered in white linen tablecloths that were flapping gently in the breeze .
though i 'd picked up a healthy pace as i stalked across the lawn , denver matched it easily .
though the drinks on the lawn had only been the first stage in my high school reunion , the rest would have been canceled now , right ?
i shifted slightly to see nancy rush across the small lawn in front of the porch and practically somersault up the stairs as she tried to get to denver as quickly as she could .
denver started by looking past me at the lawn behind the motel , and then he dug his heel hard into the gravel below him and kicked it around for a second .
the kid from reception called out as he pelted across the lawn .
lush and meticulously cared for , the lawn looked as if it had been cut with a ruler and a pair of nail scissors .
' reception is over there , ' he pointed across the lawn .
why was i walking across the car park , across the lawn , and up the porch steps ?
botzi was mowing the last run of his lawn in a little garden behind his shop , when his hat - phone vibrated around his ears .
not sure what i can do , but ill tag along , beats mowing the lawn .
it opens to a medium - sized lawn .
if he pays extra with his rent , and all the shadows do , we have a lawn service that takes care of it .
i do our own lawn at my house .
the foot of the lawn chair is all my mind focuses on until the last second when my arm shoots up out of nowhere to protect my face .
in every other neighborhood , you would hear dogs barking , lawn mowers motoring , children playing .
i do our lawn work .
college kids are on their front lawns in swimsuits , acting as though they own the fancy homes behind them .
the houses are quiet , but the lawn crew is here with all their noisy equipment .
jakes front lawn is freshly mowed and edged .
nothing is back here , not even lawn furniture .
the sound of a lawn mower replaces the leaf blower that had me running out of jakes house like a little girl .
i had the pool house equipped with a few lawn chairs and picnic tables .
the drum of an industrial lawn mower sounds off in the distance and far at the other end , i see an old woman bending over a stone .
as he slowed to pull into his driveway , he noticed the tables set up on his neighbors lawn .
the only lawn art was a wheel - less car covered in brown rust .
canute ran to the beach and shook his body , spurting water like a lawn sprinkler .
while rose , susan and mary chatted in the car , she picked up papers spewed on marys lawn .
with wints odd job now done , he slipped back into the shadows and flickered like a strobe of light on a lawn in west egg .
frannie shoemaker , her husband larry , and their fellow campers relaxed in lawn chairs at their campsite across the road , trying to stay cool in the july heat and humidity .
two of them conferred and searched the storage compartments while the others hauled out lawn chairs and coolers .
they settled back in their lawn chairs while the unpacking and head scratching continued with stubs group .
sure enough , the pickup with the fifth wheel pulled forward to reveal stub and his friends hastily gathering up lawn chairs and other paraphernalia .
he threw down a lawn chair , said , ` ` i m going to the can ! ''
while rob worked , mickey and larry sprawled in their lawn chairs each enjoying a beer and frannie got out a tin of dominos .
they fell into lawn chairs , all in some phase of shock .
frannie jumped up to pull up some lawn chairs .
the sheriff leaned back in the lawn chair at a dangerous tilt and deputy smith pulled out a notebook and pen .
but today , that safety was in question and the same kids slouched in lawn chairs drawing circles in the dirt with sticks or poking their siblings with the same .
stub stood holding a lawn chair and in serious discussion with another of the group .
rob sat forward in his lawn chair watching mickeys every move .
she moved her lawn chair closer into the circle , facing the road so she could keep watch .
rob offered richard a beer , which he gratefully accepted and the extra lawn chairs were produced .
he flopped in his lawn chair .
` ` before you go to bed , put lawn chairs and all loose items in your tents or under your rvs .
stub , randy , and their friends were in the process of putting all the coolers , boxes , and lawn chairs back in the storage compartments in preparation for the nights weather .
he gestured toward the array of lawn chairs .
frannie nodded , somewhat surprised at donnas sudden display of sensitivity and noticed what donna already had , that stub was back outside , sitting in a lawn chair , head down .
sheriff ingrham walked toward their circle just then and selected a lawn chair to collapse in .
rob and donna were already back ; stub and his friends had brought over extra lawn chairs , and the bikers , rich and elaine , rog and peach , had walked down to join the celebration .
outside , they stowed lawn chairs and empty firewood bins in the back of the pickup .
though unrevealed figure was unarmed but they could feel a lurking hideousness in their hearts , when all of a sudden they were on the lawn lying unconscious at the mere stretch of its hand .
` ` this is someone 's front lawn . ''
far back over an expanse of lawn stretching up from the shoreline tench saw the strake mansion and the barns , including the two story silver colored car barn where the millionaire stored his precious antique cars .
the trees alongside the lawn area had been cut back making the expanse much wider .
it appeared strake had been preparing an expansive lawn on what had once been a long field of knee high grass and mud ruts .
tench noticed with a smile the tiny white garden structure at the edge of the lawn .
tench recognized the bulky form of stagmatter coming down the lawn .
abraham , the old man 's chesapeake dog , sat panting on the side of the lawn , amid a collection of waterlogged sticks he liked to fetch .
they were the guide beams of a bulldozer crawling forward , its lights bouncing back and forth across the lawn of the mansion .
the plane landed and moved up the lawn and past the bulldozer .
the plane ran along the lawn to a distance halfway to the house before coming to a complete halt .
the lawn had been made into a landing strip .
tench rested at the bottom of the plants , looking out over the pool toward the long lawn .
the machine seemed to be going back and forth over the lawn but did not appear to be pushing up dirt , instead the blade was lifted in front and stayed up as the tractor moved .
as he watched the machine began another trek directly across the lawn .
smote was standing on the lawn near the bulldozer , his eyes on the hole in the ceiling of the tunnel where he had pulled back the covering fish net .
the picture of captain bob came to his mind , sitting in his chair on the back lawn and proclaiming the virtues of river sunday and his boat and dog .
there was no curb , only a shoulder of sandy grey dirt that merged into the front lawn of small stucco bungalows .
one side of the room was glass , revealing an illumined flagstone patio and an impressive expansive of lawn .
stepping stones , like the footprints of some great amphibian , meandered down the lawn to a large dock and bathes silhouetted against a grey - blue lake .
three stone steps led down to the lawn .
pickett barked his shin on a cast iron lawn chair , swore under his breath , and then sat on it .
his eyes followed the shoreline into the tangle of bougainvillaea and palmetto palms that bordered the lawn on the right .
he sprinted across the lawn toward the canal and stumbled into the palmettos and ferns that bordered it , heading for the sound .
a folding lawn chair and an aluminum tv table were its only furnishings .
he took the cup and the birdseeds to the porch and settled into the lawn chair .
the stream flowed diagonally across the semi - circular lawn , emptying into the elliptical pool of a street light at the foot of the drive .
pickett followed the light out the door and across the lawn to the street and the nova .
jan settled into an upholstered chaise longue and motioned pickett to an aluminum lawn chair opposite .
the lawn chair folded back on itself , and pickett went over on top of it .
the aluminum lawn chair that he 'd upset the previous morning glinted in the secondhand light .
lush lawn trimmed with fingernail scissors , hyacinth and oleander everywhere .
cooper and i crossed the lawn and made our way into the vestibule of lizs building and down the hall .
murder is an unusual event here , i reminded myself as the three of us crossed the lawn .
in her time , smooth lawns , flowering hedges and white - painted benches and lattice filled the landscape .
i read in a magazine that most men spend more time maintaining their lawn than their friendships .
i do nt have a lawn .
the edges of the lawn were a beautiful watercolor of yellows , crimsons , and fading greens created by the virginia creeper which billowed there .
in the center of the lawn a square was marked off by black wire fencing ; within it the remnants of the summers tangerine - orange day lilies were held in place .
matthews lawn eased down a slope to the banks of the pond .
luckily i had already put away all the lawn items last week before sandy descended on the region , so i was ready for the snow .
i smiled with delight as i walked across the lawn to my driveway , then out to the street , strolling a few houses down to the left to get a better view over my neighbors house .
the lawn was nearly covered with trees , reindeer , trains , houses , and any other holiday - themed item i could dream up .
here in sutton we take a more ecologically sound route to lawn maintenance .
you might hear the occasional lawn mower or sound of childrens laughter .
she walked along the lawn with her belongings .
she exhales studying the surrounding house lawns and streets .
we saw some kids playing frisbee on the lawn .
we were given lunch boxes on a lawn of wild flowers that was once the racetrack of the stadium .
the diggers were standing to one side leaning on their crooked shovels while a man in white overalls bent over a mummy shrouded in soil - stained white , laid on the lawn .
mary margaret sees ahead the back lawn of manicured grass and sunlight .
mary margaret narrows her eyelashes at the back lawn .
in the geographical direction the south , the front lawn , rows of service buildings for the horses , and the horse - drawn carriages , and such - like .
the croquet lawn flanks chloe says as the sensitive acoustics bounces along the marble dance hall then echoes her words around ball room , croquet , that s a sissy game .
the croquet lawn flanks the house on the east side near the lovely watered and flowered courtyard , where all our young belles with invited properly chaperoned young beaus can congregate on a cool autumn evening for fun .
one of the food servers will carry ya across the lawn to doc martins cottage in the north pasture doctoring your wound .
the skirt design looks like a pack of baby coon puppies with muddy pink paws ran across the fabric , sailing out their dog home to pee on the manicured green lawn after supper time .
she scoots left running towards the open lawn for freedom then trips on her dress from nervousness and fear .
we lined the citizens from our bedroom with all our stuffed toy animals of bears , dogs , cats , monkeys , and giraffes along the sides of the lawn grass as our new subjects of the kingdom .
it had a wrap - around front porch and an oversized porch swing , and i could imagine generation after generation of baxters taking their ease in the summer , drinking lemonade while watching the fireflies drift upward over the lawn from the porch swing .
i walked around the house on a bright green lawn that looked more even than astroturf .
across the lawn raced ellies german shepherd followed closely by spot , a sports car being pursued by a mack truck .
the lawn was uneven and scattered with large pines .
we walked back up the dark lawn to the house .
there was a visible path on the aerial photo that led from the rear of the back lawn through a wooded area to the stream .
he took her across the lawn to a small cottage which consisted of a kitchen / living area with one small bedroom .
on either side , surrounded by half - acre lawns , stood large victorian mansions with wrap - around porches .
no beach here , a grassy lawn sloped down to a low cement wall separating the grass from the water .
george was hovering over an old lawn mower .
it was one thing to fix a broken lawn mower ; it was another to fix the electrical wiring in the house .
white house , light blue shutters , picket fence , well manicured lawn , what appeared to be an herbal garden on the side of the house .
i turned and walked away but stopped before i reached the end of his lawn .
i grabbed my last snickers bar out of the freezer , sat down on an aluminum lawn chair in the living room , and flipped on our second - hand b & w tv .
i stalked into the living room and kicked one of the lawn chairs about six feet in the air .
he sat down on the aluminum lawn chair next to me , and started stuffing the doughnut in his mouth .
` ` the cops found her on her hands and knees vomiting on the front lawn . ''
the space was open with trimmed lawns and large coniferous trees .
it was just a couple of blocks away , and when we arrived people were already milling around , finding their spots on the lawn in front of the stage .
i watched the vibrant colors float effortlessly around us as we staked out our little spot on the lawn .
leaves were everywhere on the lawn .
drooping branches from the tall oak trees shaded the back lawn , and beyond that , the river lay a few hundred feet away .
george erikson sat in a plastic lawn chair under the apple tree .
the cold from the plastic lawn chair numbed my thighs and sent chills shooting down my legs .
it sounded like a waterfall as it emptied with a rush onto the side lawn and traveled toward an irrigation ditch next to the road .
the homes are not elaborate by today 's standards , but they have a certain charm , including tall old trees and neatly clipped lawns .
the lawn was n't nearly ready for its first mowing yet , but i 'd soon need to contact the teenage boy who usually does it for me .
hank dayton drinks beer at night , when people have evening parties on the lawn , in the summer , and he mostly sleeps in the day and hardly every bites anyone anymore , so i guess he s happy . ''
from one of the cottages , the sound of a lawn mower , even though it was past summer , and the lawn was tiny and tilted at a rough angle .
from one of the cottages , the sound of a lawn mower , even though it was past summer , and the lawn was tiny and tilted at a rough angle .
the lightweight , aluminum lawn chair , kele said quietly , is the second most important invention in back country travel .
he did have a point about lawn chairs .
i once hauled a lawn chair camping , and god , it was great .
someday ill invent a lawn chair that s really light and will fold up enough to be worth portaging .
once or twice i ve come to a campsite where someones left a lawn chair , and i always felt guilty about enjoying it so much .
he was sitting in a blue lawn chair that faced over the cliff edge .
i was the one who hauled his lawn chair up here .
at the top , samuel and i had a couple more apricots , as he settled into the lawn chair , and we all inhaled oxygen to make up for the climb .
then , with a sigh , he got out of the lawn chair .
he stretched and walked back to the campfire and his lawn chair .
he settled into the lawn chair and poked at the small fire .
he sat on the lawn chair and dug out a mars bar from his pack .
even hauling the lawn chair , he kept well ahead of us .
samuel found a good place for the lawn chair .
we even improvised chairs of a sort for everybody but samuel , so there was no need to kill him for his lawn chair .
you forgot your lawn chair , i noted .
i figured the place needed a lawn chair .
but i ve never been able to condemn people who leave lawn chairs at campsites .
at least , not usable lawn chairs .
on the flat space near the portage , samuels lawn chair stood , folded up , against a small maple with intensely - scarlet leaves .
i could hear kele moving around from time to time , and the creak of the lawn chair .
i sat in the lawn chair by the fire for the next three hours , wrapped in my sleeping bag for warmth .
he set the hiking stick against the same tree , and tried to sit down on the lawn chair .
he eyed the lawn chair , then sat on a log we d cut .
after a moment , we all looked at patrick ireland , who was sitting on the lawn chair , shaking his head and rolling his eyes .
they must have seen that there were three tents and samuels lawn chair and they must have wondered if another person was in the vicinity .
we all sat on the ground at that point , no one wanting to use the lawn chair .
ned pointed at the lawn chair .
that s his lawn chair , if i remember correctly , and you ve got an extra tent and sleeping bag .
he got up and got the lawn chair , unfolded it , and sat in it .
so what do you want , i asked ned when he d settled back into the lawn chair .
aside from the only lawn chair , he said .
i squinted into his eyes , thinking i d gladly toss him off the edge of the hill for the lawn chair .
you can have the lawn chair .
then i laid it on ned , the whole thing , from my throne on the lawn chair , while patrick made his way down the steep hillside to rinse the mud out of their clothes .
but by the time a guy has got to what is quaintly called ` ` middle age '' most men have abandoned any dreams they had , in favor of family and work and mowing the lawn .
you can work out the ratio of portages to camp time and decide whether to take or leave a lot of things , but i d like you to know that humankind reached civilization in two major steps , the invention of fire and the creation of the lawn chair .
phil turned the stove down to simmer as i settled into a lawn chair .
we did nt have plans to take the lawn chairs in the canoe , but i was glad we d brought them .
always make room in the car for lawn chairs ; a hard rule in life .
we d brought genuine booze for the trip , but , like the lawn chairs , we d included beer for emergencies .
we moved our lawn chairs when the wind started blowing smoke on us .
when i got up phil was sitting in a lawn chair reading a book .
you can throw in large bags and lawn chairs and barbecues and kitchen tables , and as long as it does nt upset , you can paddle it .
i slid off , and looked up from the ground to find him in my lawn chair , watching me .
i watched him without comment as he wrapped a hand around the leg of the lawn chair and pressed a dent into it .
he dropped into a lawn chair , took a bite of the sandwich , a chug of the beer .
while they were gone , phil and i relieved our bladders behind a nearby cedar , then sat back into our lawn chairs , poured ourselves some cola .
that was mine , i acknowledged , shifting around on my lawn chair and reaching for the chips .
i asked , sitting back in my lawn chair and contemplating the alcohol in my cup .
phil was in his own lawn chair , a shortened version that left his legs to stretch out and over a log .
granite boulders are never all that comfy ; hence the lawn chairs .
i d rested against a lot of them when i was younger ; now ill go without a lot of things on a trip to have a lawn chair along .
i sat down in my lawn chair .
things were more comfortable as we settled down , phil and i on our lawn chairs and the women , heather and nancy , on the ground , resting against a couple of boulders .
got ta love them lawn chairs .
now bringing twenty - four beer for six people seemed like a mighty neighborly thing to do , but not bringing any extra lawn chairs was , i thought , a major mistake .
i just can not imagine how a million years of humanity evolved without inventing a lawn chair first .
i was going to hang on to my lawn chair in any case , because i d felt that nancy and heather , arriving all uninvited , deserved no better than rock to sit on and old log to lean against .
phil set his beer can aside , and got out of the lawn chair .
we should have brought a few extra lawn chairs , bill said as nancy and phil started loading the canoe with paddles and lifejackets .
she sat like a queen in phils lawn chair , watching the action .
sitting in front of a cold ash - pit on lawn chairs were heather and nancy .
i noticed bill and alice sitting on lawn chairs on the front porch of the cottage , talking to yet another dark - suited hero .
i grabbed my lawn chair and pulled it up to the edge of the fire .
got ta agree with you now , i said , setting up the lawn chairs .
i sank into the lawn chair facing the nonexistent fire and set my cup carefully on a rock .
we sit on lawn chairs on a desert island , looking at treasure maps , drinking irish whiskey , with our feet on a couple of cute chicks ?
i got the lawn chair as level as i could and scratched myself .
he leaned his head way back in his lawn chair , and looked at the sky .
one of those times phil was asleep , rolled in his sleeping bag behind the lawn chair and another time or two he was sitting by the fire .
in the morning , when i got up , phil was sitting in front of the fire , on a lawn chair , under an umbrella .
i sat on one of the other lawn chairs facing him .
we put our lawn chairs on top of the pile .
this left us with the two lawn chairs and a case of mostly - empty bottles of bud lite , the legacy of bill and alice .
i set the beer onto the shore , and leaned the lawn chairs against the case .
it was a modest brick house with a small neat lawn , set close to the houses on either side .
there was no way in hell i was going to maneuver down the walkway , past ned and his parents ( his mothers walker looked dangerous , like a weapon now , in her grip ) , so i veered off across the rain - soaked lawn , making a mad dash for the street .
my spiked heels sank to the hilt in the soggy lawn , causing my hips to move in ways hips were nt meant to .
but all i can see is you trying to run across that lawn in that skin - tight skirt and those high heels .
the look on your face when the shoes stuck in the lawn !
high school teachers and accountants , supermarket cashiers and guys who cut lawns ; one and all had called in sick at work today .
we all stood there in silence for a few moments on our front lawn enveloped in one of the most gorgeous summer mornings of our youth , our mother , her hair in a ponytail , wearing a blouse and shorts , sandals on her feet .
off to our right , a lawnmower purred and sputtered and when i looked i saw george manning pushing the machine across the great expanse of lawn in front of the school .
he told us that he needed to mow his back lawn for his dad and then he was going to take a dip in his back pond .
some days we d play baseball in the street and others we d have boxing matching with the kids around the neighborhood on someones front lawn .
jason and cory looked at me as we followed steve across the lawn .
okay , my brother would nt let me out of the house yesterday , because he had a bug up his ass about me not mowing the lawns .
we looked to our right , to the maherrins house , and saw the man that was renting their guesthouse standing on the front lawn , a can of coors in his hand .
he threw the can on the front lawn and hopped over the three - foot wall that separated the maherrins yard from the alleys entrance and stood between us .
on their lawns or the sidewalks or something ?
we wrestled on the dead lawn at our parkway for a couple of minutes until jamie showed up .
twenty - one by the time we reached the edge of corys front lawn we could see steve and jackie coming down from the top of cottonwood .
some of the puff - ball flowers that sprouted from the smaller branches up top had snapped off and made suicidal leaps to the lawns below were they lay like pink snow .
we walked on farther through our neighborhood , past houses that stood twelve feet apart from each other , some of them with lawns as green as a spring meadow and others that had turned an awful yellow and were dying of heat stroke .
they tried to tell us to just be patient , but finally gave in and said to start putting the folding table and lawn chairs out in the front yard and jason and i had them set up in minutes .
that the grown - ups had been able to talk to one another and connect , instead of just being the guy from down the street that did nt water his lawn .
around eleven ( a time when no child would have normally been out in the neighborhood ) , folks began cleaning up , the women covering the food with foil and plastic wrap , the men folding chairs and tables and picking up their beer cans that had been discarded on lawns .
the lawn , if you could call it that , had been dead for as long as any of us could remember .
he sniffed everywhere he could get his small head into ; gopher holes , piles of rubbish that had been heaped onto the dead lawn only god knew how long before , chinks in the fence that separated the houses behind steves .
steve must have known right where the frisbee was because by the time we had reached the front lawn , he was just coming out his front door , the green disk in his hand .
the rest was nt immaculate but the lawn was always mowed and raked , the weeds plucked before they became terrorist .
we cut up steves lawn and headed toward his front door when we heard him shouting from his backyard , so , instead , we went around to the side and let ourselves in through the gate .
cory had made twelve good sized piles around the lawn .
neat manicured lawns and well trimmed rose bushes surrounded them .
at nine that morning , after having our breakfast , jason and i left our house and headed over to steves where we found him and his sister jackie tossing a tennis ball to frisbee on their front lawn .
jason and frisbee , in their funk , kept walking , oblivious to ben sunning himself on our neighbors lawn .
he got up off of the lawn and crept toward jason , teeth bared , growling low in his throat .
either paying me no mind or just not caring , jason walked onto the lawn and up to the huge beast .
just as i stepped down from the walk and my bare foot came into contact with the warm lawn a flash burst overhead followed a few seconds later by its thunderous progeny .
i know it sounds stupid but donald came to me last night and told me to go by the hedges on our lawn and when i looked at your house i saw someone closing your gate .
on the lawn , i told him .
there was nt any real way to get frisbee up without carrying him so we let him make himself comfortable on corys back lawn .
frisbee lay on corys back lawn in his sphinx position , staring up at us , waiting for us to finish .
cory and his family had eaten dinner as well and his dad was out back pitching the tent on the lawn for us .
steve and i crossed corys front lawn and crept along his driveway until we came to steves yard .
frisbee was lying on the front lawn with his eyes closed , his chin on one front paw .
on the front lawn , just as i remembered , tacky little garden gnomes peeped out mischievously from behind miniature plastic windmills placed strategically along the walkway .
she pointed at the gnome out on the front lawn .
i backed the car out into the street , turned on a country and western radio station , and waved to my overly industrious korean neighbor , who was on his hands and knees trimming the edges of the small patch of lawn that passes for a front yard in many of the houses in san franciscos sunset district .
i let lou out of the car and we walked up the brick path that separated the well - manicured lawn on the left and a large oak tree on the right .
the normally quiet sunset had been awakened by a double homicide , and there were neighbors standing on their front porches and front lawns in robes and pajamas drinking morning coffee , while others watched through the front windows of their homes .
the air smelled remarkably clean , filled with the aroma of freshly - cut lawn .
the gently rolling lawn glowed a silver green .
a manicured lawn dotted with statues , and in the distance , hell 's gate .
alonso morro worked for a lawn care service .
but it was well - kept , with a shaved - looking lawn and mounds of shrubby jasmine in bloom around the foundation .
so when she pulled up it was obvious she was early ; the curb beside the neatly - edged strip of lawn was barren of other vehicles and the front door of the house was tight shut .
busted by a man who keeps a nice lawn , she thought .
bradys house was a ferociously suburban single - story with a healthy , buzz - cut lawn and mounding junipers around the foundation .
worth , perched at the end of one of bradys lounge chairs on the lawn , looked up through the bangs that half - hid her eyes .
or one of the cats will slink in hunting mode across the lawn , intent on disobeying the dont - chase - the - birds law despite a full belly from a never - ending supply of cat chow .
tonight a ground fog , spawned from the cooling lake , filtered across the lawn , wisps trickling here and there like wandering water snakes along the brick paths and through the flowerbeds .
granny followed me across the lawn , pecan - picker - upper for a cane .
lucinda was pinned in her chair and even had she been able to make her way back across the lawn to call a servant , it would have been too late .
he looked all around , hoping it was just thrown out on someones lawn .
he was n't sure he was in the south until , in tennessee , he noticed the civil war cannons on peoples front lawns .
he leaned back in the plastic lawn chair and inhaled deeply .
he poured himself a cup of coffee , lit a cigarette , and walked out to the balcony and sat in one of the lawn chairs .
i have to agree , no plumbers to pay , no lawn to mow , just keep the place clean .
a grave in the middle of her front lawn would surely have excited comment , even from her dull neighbours .
there s a lake down over the hill behind the house with a small pier and several lawn chairs .
jesse climbed on his large lawn tractor and turned the key .
` ` when i came out that morning , i found two of 'em on the lawn behind the house , and they had their halters on . ''
the view was pleasant enoughmanicured lawn , a hedge of forsythia bushes that had probably been spectacular a week earlier , a patch of blue sky .
i ran part - way down the narrow lawn between the fence and barn and panned the light across the grass .
michael was slouched in a lawn chair with his cowboy hat pulled low on his forehead , and i wondered how he was holding up .
as we turned toward the lighted house , where windows cast yellow squares onto an immaculate lawn , a car approached slowly from the main road .
curtain other e - books by the same author : twilight of the bald terra nullius - the definite history twilight of the bald and other stories o juliet , juliet the playground of the mind is a broad theatre 69 keeney avenue by coolidge templeton copyright 2011 coolidge templeton smashwords edition chapter one i could feel the coldness of the house as i slowly advanced across the front lawn .
i hurried to the window and peered out through the curtains to get a view of the front lawn .
alexander parked the car in the driveway , and we gingerly stepped out upon the front lawn .
nicholas pavlovich was no longer there , either to mow the lawn or to keep up his mothers garden .
the lawn and grounds were immaculate .
this is nt the afternoon we all have to go out and do the lawn in front of the building or something , is it ?
chapter seventeen the skirt of maggies stiff cotton sundress spread out in a fan against the lawn .
he trotted up and down the lawn next to the pony .
nicole sat quietly between them , staring at the torn grass bits scattered across the lawn and her bright blue dress .
burton stepped across the front lawn and sidled around to the back of the house .
i could smell fresh pine carried in an early winter breeze that whipped up dead leaves in the lawn .
he stumbled off the porch stairs and did a 9.6 somersault into the lawn .
` ` powers of rank are not to be sniffed at even in a university , general , the professor observed , as he careened down the circular drive with little regard for boundaries of lawn and garden .
the threesome strolled across the lawn between convocation hall , and the faculty lounge .
scattered about the property was a haphazard collection of the professor 's rough attempts at lawn - furniture from local materials , mostly driftwood and his idiosyncratic wood carvings .
this was one of the best houses in the village , surrounded by lawns and wide beds , in which exotic flowers grew in tasteful arrangements against a backdrop of perfectly trimmed shrubs .
the small front lawn was neatly bordered with dwarf begonias and fuschias at regular intervals , but the effect was too military to please the eye .
a large black lawn bag filled with nachos possessions bounced behind him as he half carried it , half dragged it along .
she sat down on a white plastic lawn chair and placed the box beside her .
late afternoon , people are working in their gardens , watering their lawns ; kids are just home from school playing in the backyards and in the street .
lets see , uh , driven bonkers by the sight of couples doing it on moonlit high school lawn , hero steals fathers tractor and mows lawn , fornicators included .
lets see , uh , driven bonkers by the sight of couples doing it on moonlit high school lawn , hero steals fathers tractor and mows lawn , fornicators included .
the two women carried on across the lawn to the entrance to the dining hall .
the door from the lounge opened disgorging a few conferees and sending a shaft of light across the lawn awn onto bob 's face .
nor should it concern me , thought janet as she walked across the lawn to the dining hall .
` ` we can use some offbeat approaches from time to time , '' mary kay responded as they neared the grassy bank of lawn where the other participants were gathering for the picture - taking .
she left the brilliant sunshine of open lawn as the morning bus departed taking mary kay jacobs and other distant voyagers to make their afternoon connections .
` ` thin skin filled with styrofoam ; little better than a cheap lawn ornament . ''
the blessings would be on the lawn in front of the church at ten .
she operated her own lawn cutting business during the summer , and she worked her rear end off .
when he did get out during the day , he often saw her either in her truck or cutting the lawns .
he was smitten right from the first moment he saw her cutting one of the largest , most beautifully landscaped lawns in the community .
after awhile , he knew what days to expect her at any of several lawns located on his normal route .
he crashed into the rear of the small pickup truck she used to haul her lawn equipment from job to job .
in its heyday the park had consisted of over 300 hectares of designed landscape and many famous names in the world of horticultural history had worked on its trees and shrubs , on its lawns and borders , including charles bridgeman and moses cook , george london and humphrey repton .
- world , it is reassuring to believe that there are still some corners of our globe that remain inaccessible to man and that some mysteries may remain forever hidden , because , although humanity may continually develop the technology to conquer ever more formidable locations , we will never lose the blind , instinctive faith that there is always something more out there ; something forever out of reach , be it the aspiration of mowing our own front lawn as closely as our neighbour manages , anticipating proof that our belief in a superior god will one day be vindicated , or hoping , just hoping that we will be the person that brings back evidence that some small creature , previously thought to be long extinct and vanquished from every corner of this planet of ours , actually thrives in a remote place , undisturbed by mans insistent scrutiny .
i threw my line in the water , sat back on my lawn chair , and unpacked my laptop .
however , i finished a couple more pages of my book , greaser sniffed at bunkys fish , and bunky napped in his reclining lawn chair .
the lawn needed mowing , and there were several throwaway newspapers on the driveway .
ironically , rex thornbirds face was still smiling at henry from the prominent for sale sign that had been planted in the lawn .
rex thornbirds smiling face was on the for sale sign in the lawn as henry looked over the property one last time .
the layout of the place suited henry perfectly ; all of the bedrooms had french doors that opened up to the backyard pool , lawn area , the barbecue and a small pool cabana .
someone else was swimming laps in the pool while birds were singing in the palm trees and a large fat cat was sitting on the lawn watching them with lazy eyes .
anchula was climbing over the wall but he was not as fast as his pursuer and henry caught up to him just as he jumped down on the other side and started running across the lawn .
henry looked down at his knees , indeed his pants had grass stains from his encounter with anchula and the lawn he had nt even noticed them until now .
he told them both the whole story of his encounter with amit anchula , not leaving out anything including the encounter with the neighbor and the dog , the tackle on the lawn and the dinner at the brewery .
the half acre of land is unkempt and without any specific purpose , no flowers , no vegetables or well kept lawn , exactly how the previous owner left it .
it was well maintained as evidenced by the manicured lawn and freshly trimmed bushes that adorned the property .
he showed him the carefully drawn plans of thousands of skyscraper apartments geometrically placed amid an intersection of avenues , lawns and gardens .
yes , there were parties and polo and lawn tennis and swims at bailey beach , but the unbridled decadence and extravagant spending sprees of the new breed paled in comparison to their mothers and fathers .
on the evening of july 23 , 1909 , the now 58 year - old mamie was hosting her annual ball at her cottage , crossways , a relatively modest dwelling for newport only 37 rooms and a manicured lawn that rambled over an acre to a dramatic view of the ocean .
the evening sky was splashed with magenta , dimly lighting a pussycat and a fox as they ambled over the long lawn of crossways .
then he noticed a croquet game set up over the lawn .
do nt you think , if you could give people a city where life was made easy , where you could have he took one of the balls in his hand and carefully placed it on the lawn .
astor raced over the lawn and began rearranging the croquet wickets so that they lined up in a new pattern .
chapter 29 theodore roosevelts house in oyster bay overlooked a long sloping lawn that rolled into a forest of pine and maple trees .
a dance band on the lawn was playing popular tunes .
the grounds were filled with formal gardens , wide lawns and quiet glades that had a spectacular view of the chaotic city below .
chris had mowed the owners lawn when he was a kid .
a piece of paper blew across the lawn until it landed at chriss feet .
duff led him across the lawn and to chriss car .
i sat in a plastic lawn chair on the concrete pad outside my room .
when she heard the front door lock , audrey went to the back of the closet and moved the big cardboard wardrobe box aside to reveal an elderly woman who was sitting calmly in a folding lawn chair , knitting .
the photo of a rabbit running around a toy - decorated lawn had been added since this morning .
everything appeared tidy , except for some dirt and debris piled across the narrow strip of overgrown lawn .
* * * from inside his mother 's house , nathan watched the woman flee across the front lawn to the other side of the street .
we already called dmv on edward grayson of fair lawn , new jersey .
the home belonging to retired essex county investigator frank tremont was a two - bedroom colonial with aluminum siding , a small but perfectly manicured lawn , and a new york giants flag hanging to the right of the door .
wendy blinked as she stepped out of the darkness of that kitchen and onto the lawn of the dean 's house .
but angel had one of those little tape players strapped to her waist ( the plastic belt looked strange with the bikini ) and the headphones and the drone of the lawn mower made her oblivious to the unusual persistence of the noise .
meantime , the ice in my coffee was melting and my book was lying on the little lawn table unread , while i wrestled with the stupid chair .
` ` i did n't want to have to buy a new lawn mower , '' i said through clenched teeth .
a side chamber in my mind was feeling grateful that our lawn mower was one of those that stop moving when the handle is released .
my husband was watching the activity by the mower , standing with the relaxed attitude of a guy who comes home every day to find a man embedded in his lawn .
` ` well , we were taking turns mowing the lawn , '' i answered .
i had the lawn mower running and i was listening to a tape . ''
i dropped my hands in amazement , caught a glimpse of what was being lifted from the lawn , and put them back up hurriedly .
the dark shape on my lawn was shelby youngblood .
you could see the mowed trail in the grass where angel had let go of the lawn mower when i tackled her .
he 'd discovered the can of gas for the lawn mower was nearly empty , so i had to run back into town to get more .
when you looked left and right , the street was lined with them , houses like this , filled with couples who had driven out from wherever and stood on the lawn and looked at the structure and thought , ` ` yes , this is where i ' m going to live my life and raise my kids and protect all our hopes and dreams .
she was the one who made you think about buying a house and cutting your lawn and building a barbecue and wiping her brow when she gave birth to your child .
if she had a clear one of the face , sure , maybe , but in this case , it was as if the face had spent too much time under a lawn mower .
a s soon as mike and tia turned onto their block , they could see the man with the long hair and those dirty fingernails pacing on their front lawn .
she looked down the road , at the quiet homes , at the well - tended lawns .
with a few exceptions , the buildings were two - story redbrick with wrought - iron laced terraces overhanging the sidewalks that ran in a perfect square around the courthouse and its lawn .
there was a long , open front lawn where herschel had played as a child , but never with his father .
as he turned in to the driveway , he looked at the wide lawn and was once again surprised at how small it now seemed .
he sat in one of two mismatched lawn chairs , his feet propped on an old milk crate , his beer cooler next to him .
lucien was staring at the front lawn , his eyes glowing , his mind racing .
he looked through a dirty window , seemed to gaze upon the courthouse lawn , and finally said , ` ` i almost feel sorry for that poor woman .
she sipped from her favorite cup and ambled across the grass to a small shed where they stored their lawn mower and other necessities .
he and the bodyguard hurried away as soon as possible and darted across the courthouse lawn .
he counted seven cars parked haphazardly in the driveway and around the front lawn .
they were gazing across the front lawn , brown and dismal in the dead of winter .
they rolled him over and rearranged their lawn chairs .
bailiffs yawned and gazed from the large plate - glass windows overlooking the courthouse lawn .
the nonsmokers stayed in the jury room and had coffee while the rest followed a bailiff to a small patio overlooking the north side of the courthouse lawn .
a lawn mower ripped through the air like a helicopter .
she knew that the outside motion detector had not yet been installed , and she moved soundlessly across the lawn , along the hedge at the border of the property .
she crossed the lawn to the corner of the house while he still had his back to her .
many guests were outside now , the party spilling from the crowded ballroom onto the lawn and formal gardens beyond .
he took off sprinting across the lawn , nak*d but for his boxer shorts , and as he approached i jumped up and took a picture of him , completing part three .
catfish and spray paint in hand , margo threw the door open , jogged across the worthingtons ' expansive front lawn , and then hid behind an oak tree .
we parked on the street in front of 418 amherst , got our supplies together , and jogged across chuck 's lawn , the morning dew shaking off the grass and onto my calves .
we walked through the spiegelmans ' lawn to their front door .
nonetheless , when i pushed past some people smoking cigarettes on becca 's front lawn and opened the door to her house , i did not expect to see jase worthington and two other baseball players holding a tuxedo - clad ben upside down above a keg of beer .
it ran the length of the block and allowed passage for the shakespeare garbage trucks and the lawn service that maintained almost every lawn in the neighborhood .
it ran the length of the block and allowed passage for the shakespeare garbage trucks and the lawn service that maintained almost every lawn in the neighborhood .
he stepped out of the shadows in the carport and walked across the little patch of lawn to my front door .
i was enthroned on a wobbly plastic lawn chair , thinly disguised by a red plush couch throw edged with fringe .
the town 's seasonal centerpiece ( since the manger scene had to be removed ) was a huge christmas tree on the courthouse lawn ; the churches sponsored a big public party to decorate it .
she stared off into the distance for a moment , as if the clue to varena 's future mother - in - law 's behavior was written on the lawn outside the window .
as i watched the two little girls playing on the front lawn , heaving the beach ball back and forth between them and running a lot , i tried to recall playing with varena like that .
my history was part of town folklore , just like mrs . fontenot shooting her equally married lover on the courthouse lawn in 1931 .
jack leaned over to give me a quick kiss , and i was out of the car in a wink , running across the frosty lawn to the front door .
the old post office crumbled on one side , while the courthouse , in the center on a manicured lawn , was festooned with christmas decorations .
the decorations , the smoke coming out of the chimneys , the empty lawns and streets : today was christmas .
cliff was on the lawn bleeding , and the ambulance attendants were bent over him , when we arrived within three minutes of the call .
` ` want a lawn chair ? ''
at the right modest house on mimosa street , i pulled up front , not caring that i was halfway onto his lawn .
i decided to mow the lawn that afternoon , while jack was busy on the computer .
usually , i clean my own house or mow my lawn in the morning .
the o'hagens had two expensive bicycles , covered with a tarp , at the back of their stall , and pardon 's car and a lawn mower were parked in his stall .
there is something melancholy about a dead person 's possessions , no matter how impersonal they are , and there 's nothing personal about a lawn mower .
like lawn furniture , joe c and china belle had to be brought in before they blew away or got wet .
seriously , how could she look as though she just went through a beauty treatment at a spa after a long night of binge - drinking and barfing all over the small patch of lawn outside our building ?
the car spun around , earning us more honks , but he did n't seem particularly fazed by the swearing drivers as he navigated down a narrow strip of lawn , swerving straight into oncoming traffic .
there 's a side entrance he could have used - into the back courtyard and across a lawn to the street that runs parallel .
today there 's a small flower bed and lawn there , but in the sixties it was a gravelled area used for parking .
now the birches were turning green and the lawn around his cabin was lush .
the paint around the doors and windows was flaking off , and what should have been a lawn was scrub a yard high .
nilsson was watering his lawn , wearing shorts and no shirt .
blomkvist walked across the lawn and stopped a few yards from the kitchen window , but he could see no - one .
it cut across the lawn in rays that looked almost solid .
the lawn pulled apart in huge pie - shaped turves of grass .
they helped pull him to his feet , and then the four of them stood together , looking at the smoking cellar - hole in the middle of the shattered lawn .
one small child of maybe two sat atop an old lawn mower .
the boys , paul and ethan , were on the front lawn rolling in the leaves .
marsha crossed the lawn , approaching him .
in suburbs like livingston , the lushness of one 's lawn is taken seriously .
you want to believe , as lance banner did , that the manicured lawns can keep this element out .
west orange had lush lawns and ivy on the walls .
they were back outside now , on the friedmans ' front lawn .
you see his family had one of those riding lawn mowers .
the tree on the front lawn of the townhouse row flicked its bare branches at my window .
on a par , perhaps , with a mole that was making ridges in his lawn .
i enjoyed two whole weeks of being an unknown before the first local reporter figured out who i was and approached me on the front lawn of my high school .
at that moment we look out at my two cousins in time to see jimmy slip on a patch of ice and go sailing across the lawn , and smack face first into a tree .
zombies are staked in the green lawn , so life - like that i thought the gory limbs and droopy mouths were facilitated by paid models .
he glances from ryke to the lawn where ninja turtles sprint out the door , dodging motionless zombies and heading straight for ... us .
some of the houses have acres and acres of trimmed lawns , decorative fountains gushing in the front yard and glittering lamborghinis parked in the driveway - a place more suited for beverly hills than the suburbs of philly .
the lawn has newly mowed lines , a sign poking from the grass : mcadams middle honor student .
a plump older man in an orange vest was waving a light stick to direct them into a makeshift parking spot on the lawn .
... ` ` he said they 're on the great lawn near 85th street , '' naomi declares between shallow breaths as we stop for water .
let 's take the outer loop and we 'll cut across to the lawn . ''
the great lawn is gorgeous .
a multitude of trails wind throughout the park , but the great lawn is an undivided , sprawling space with fresh , soft grass , rimmed with maple and pine trees .
stretching herself out on the lawn under a tree 's shade , she lay down not too far away from the accordion player .
a huge screen had been mounted across the front of the tower and the entire lawn underneath teemed with people .
she paused halfway across the length of the lawn , and was surprised to look up and see julian filling the frame of the projection screen , his acoustic guitar in hand .
the melody drifted across the lawn , and the cheering died down to listen to the slow song .
a ripple of applause spread across the huge lawn , but julian did n't acknowledge it .
a car lay on its side in the distance , and junk from inside the hotel was strewn across the lawn .
there were windows everywhere , looking out on the spectacular lawns .
but he could have offered to mow her lawn or help her out in some way .
and her lawn needed to be mowed and weeded , he noted as he walked toward the front door .
he says he does n't miss mowing the lawn . ''
` ` did you hire someone to mow the lawn , mom ? ''
someone had mowed the lawn .
i wanted to thank you for mowing my lawn .
` ` i probably fell in love with you when you mowed my lawn , or when you took me out that first night and made the most incredible sweet love to me that anyone ever has .
kids ran across the lawn and dogs ran with them , the laughter and barking rising over the music being blasted from a single boombox on a picnic table .
six men were carrying the coffin to the gravesite across the cemetery lawn .
i just stood there , frozen like a lawn gnome , watching the whole thing like it was n't reality .
we were n't even on the front lawn and already a cacophony of cat calls and whistles were fog - horning at us .
` ` rage is a terrible thing , '' he added , crossing the lawn , but not before snagging a dark tee draped over a shrub .
i was n't tired anymore though , because parked across the front lawn was jude 's truck , the evidence of this afternoon 's incident , where his truck became a punching bag , facing my direction .
walking across the lawn , i made sure to go slow because the falling temperatures had made most of the state of new york a thin sheet of ice .
he shouted so loudly i could hear it across a lawn and through the windows of my car .
before i 'd gotten more than a few car lengths away , i caught sight of jude leaping down the stairs and running across the lawn after me .
the man is moving toward us from the side lawn .
it looks just the way i remember it - a big grassy lawn and gardens overflowing with flowers .
after a few minutes peter lies back on the lawn and says , ` ` i did n't knock you up , did i ?
there are over a hundred steps to the lawn below .
i ' m filled with jealousy as i take in the trees that line the street , the perfectly manicured lawns with bright bursts of colorful flowers , even in the middle of winter .
landscapers maintain all of the lawns on this side of town and they are utter perfection .
left the country club , raced home and tossed all her shit out onto the lawn .
i was forced to park halfway on the lawn , since there was n't much room for the truck .
you can sit in the corner and be weird and i 'll try to convince you to play beer pong and you 'll tell me how much you hate beer and we 'll both get drunk and wind up passed out nak*d on the lawn .
i had enough cash stored up from summers of mowing lawns and odd jobs to get me through school , but i was considering a job , just to fill up some more of my time .
` ` i 'd beat the shit out of that p**sy - ass loser , '' zack said as i dragged him to a bench on the lawn of the frat house .
will was striding across the lawn to check on us .
lights swept over the lawn and pulled into the circular driveway .
it was a development with houses that all had the exact same - sized lawns and evenly - spaced trees .
` ` when i was a kid and it snowed , dad used to take this thing and make reindeer footprints on the lawn .
single - story , painted beige with white trim , lush green lawns , and a back yard with a big timber deck covered with a large shade sail .
a vegetable patch traversed the left side of the lawn , which gave her fits with the painstaking maintenance it required .
dad was going to mow the lawns for you , but if you ' ve come home to overgrown weeds , you 'll know why .
ryan was mowing her lawn .
` ` mowing my lawn ? ''
he snatched at her purse at the same time she tugged it backwards , and it went flying across the lawn , the contents scattering in what felt like slow motion to all four corners of hell .
ryan peered out onto the front lawn .
` ` well , '' she muttered , leaning over and running her hands over the lawn searching for the key .
` ` ryan , we 're on the front lawn . ''
because your face looks bright enough to light up the entire lawn .
when they reached the middle of the lush thick lawn , she pulled him in close .
` ` on whether you 're going to kick me out the moment i mow the lawn , '' he mumbled .
` ` the lawn needs mowing and my veggie garden needs weeding .
it flew wide , out over the lawn .
she 'd been almost ten when she 'd stumbled upon the pretty rosella , its colourful feathers fluttering wildly across the lawn and into the sky .
he 'd mowed the lawn that morning , and now the sweet smell of fresh cut grass lingered in the warm afternoon sun .
reaching the middle of the lawn , ryan took the sheet from her and after shaking it out , he wrapped it around the both of them until they were bundled together .
he had a proposal to get to , not lawn sex , though that one time after they 'd lost the house key in the grass was hot .
she ran straight across the lawn between the double oak trees and up the creaking wooden stairs .
sometimes , i go over there to mow the lawn the way he liked it , but that 's as far as i can get , '' he said .
he had told her before that he only came up here to mow the lawn .
he pointed at one of the tents further down the sprawling lawn .
mum had n't been impressed about that because we 'd turfed up a fair whack of lawn , and after the big wet ( it had bucketed down rain for two weeks straight ) it left quite the mud pit in the backyard .
as the four of us congregated on the lawn , i snatched the plate of slice out of frog 's pilfering hands and shoved it at henry .
the yard was half tiled with thick sandstone , and the other half had a lush green lawn with jenna 's prized vegie patch running along the side of the fence .
at the least there should have been long - haired tattooed types hanging off the front porch , cigarettes dangling out of their mouths , and empty beer cans strewn haphazardly across the lawn .
nice lawns , rendered brickwork painted beige , black wrought iron fence - completely nondescript - nothing that screamed evil - doers lived within .
the two story structure was painted weatherboard in stone with white trim and lush green lawns and hedges .
` ` must be nice to have a lawn , '' she murmured longingly .
the smell of freshly mowed lawn on a warm afternoon . ''
` ` if i did that , jared would tell me i had to mow the lawn or weed the gardens for the privilege . ''
` ` i ' ve heard them all , believe me- '' i ' m distracted as soon as my heels sink into the manicured lawn .
` ` wan na repeat that night of booze , lawn chairs , and moaning over an almost kiss ? ''
i 'd fallen off a horse as many times as i 'd mowed the lawn .
as i got closer and saw the shattered beer bottles dotted around where he sat in his lawn chair , i understood why .
we had a not - quite - dried - up well , but it was clear by the time i slammed the brakes in front of the lawn chairs that there was nothing left to salvage .
on the nights clay actually let me sleep inside instead of out in a lawn chair . ''
the streets were lined with trees and huge houses with well - manicured lawns .
luckily , the girl jet had been living with went bat - shit crazy , and dumped all of his stuff on the lawn while he was on his last tour , not mention she found someone else to take his place when she got lonely .
rule squinted his eyes a little , in the direction where the rest of the group was sitting in a circle lounging on lawn chairs on the grassy lawn .
rule squinted his eyes a little , in the direction where the rest of the group was sitting in a circle lounging on lawn chairs on the grassy lawn .
when i stepped outside the library , a voice called out from across the lawn .
` ` i see that , but why did you rip up half my front lawn to plant hundreds of flowers in the shape of a heart ? ''
` ` you went out and spent a fortune on god knows how many pots of flowers , dug up half my front lawn , and planted them in a heart shape bigger than me ?
and even as i paced and agonized , some part of me remained paralyzed on the lawn across from lot 49 .
from what i could make out , the house was old and sprawling , set far back on a big lawn and surrounded by trees .
either matt was outside , or he was weirdly ordering me to have an orgasm on the lawn .
i jogged across the lawn , unable to compel my feet to walk .
i saw what she saw : the world still sleeping , pretty lawns and dark houses , and her borrowed coat crumpled in the grass .
i looked toward the house just in time to see someone flouncing across the lawn .
` ` nice ... '' matt plucked the frisbee from my brother 's hand , kicked off his flip - flops , and jogged across the lawn .
the table was set and dad was grilling and chrissy was dancing scandalously on the lawn .
she was looking out the window , up the sloping lawn toward my brother 's house .
by the time i arrive at the lawn chair , i know how many steps it took me to get here , how many seconds it took me to sit down , and how many more seconds it took for delilah to arrive and then take a seat beside me .
delilah and i lie in lawn chairs in the middle of my backyard with the pool behind us and the sun bearing down on us as we tan in our swimsuits .
the siding is falling off , one of the windows is covered with a piece of plywood , and the lawn is nonexistent ; instead there 's a layer of gravel , then a fence , followed by more gravel .
it gets a small smile out of me , but the momentary spark of life is quickly buried as i start to count the stairs leading up to the single - wide trailer home in front of us , and the amount of tires piled on the front lawn .
the house was two stories with four bedrooms , an office , and a gorgeous backyard with a swimming pool and a lush lawn .
broken down cars and spare lumber littered the lawns of an increasing number of houses as we drew closer to my home , as if the trailer park were a magnet for trash and debris .
trevor asked as he gaped , watching the scene fly by , pointing to the piles of random crap in people 's lawns .
` ` lawn '' was giving them too much credit , the tufts of grass poking up here and there like remnants of hair on the scalp of a long - time chemo patient .
the chocolate and peanut butter tasted like sour copper in my mouth and i spat it out on the lawn of one of the colleges , leaves marring the perfectly manicured surface , a trash can every twenty feet a reminder of the insistence on order and cleanliness .
i walk away quickly and fly across the lawn to the house .
they stand on the front lawn and in the street holding signs that say wonderful things like : ` ` ressurect morality '' ` ` pornogrphers will perish '' ` ` lust is a drug ` ` and my personal favorite : ` ` abby gray : the hampton whore '' i ' m sitting with gus and jack in the conference room .
why is the press camped on my front lawn ? ''
i yelled stamping my foot like a child on her front lawn .
now , get off of my lawn before i shoot you . ''
she laughed at his outright joy and freedom , the wheels of the cart spinning rapidly as he raced over the lawn to his favorite tree , and began to do laps round and round the gnarled trunk .
the oversized bay window and seat looked over the tiny patch of lawn and the edge of the hudson river .
a huge pushcart with peanuts , popcorn , and cotton candy served swarming children , and a giant circus truck was parked a mile away on the lawn .
kate squinted and peered across the lawn .
luke streaked across the lawn , nak*d . his crazy spiked hair and manic laugh reminded her of a comic book figure .
they trudged across the lawn after the nephews and nieces , drinks in hand .
kate opened the gate , which housed a large lawn , various toys , and huge water bowls .
` ` mr . and mrs . campari lived in brooklyn , dyker heights to be exact , a pleasant neighborhood with manicured lawns and middle income families .
sounds of fighting came from the front lawn along with ... chanting ?
` ` also , there 's 'bout fifteen people sittin ' out on our front lawn .
there are tons of old homes with huge lawns and even bigger estate houses nestled out of sight between towering oaks and pines .
cassie tries to kick me away , but we 're a tangle of arms and legs , both laughing and rolling over the lawn .
` ` okay , how about this ... '' i tickle the back of her knee with a gentle sweep of my finger and she bucks around on the lawn like a docked fish .
somehow we ended up stargazing , laying in each other 's arms on the lawn .
my hands fist at my sides and i tear holes into the lawn , so that i wo n't touch her the way i want to .
as soon as the thought drifts through my mind , i bolt upright and sit on the grass next to him , clutching my knees like a lawn gnome .
i try to stay off ms . mckinzey 's lawn .
there 's a ` ` for sale '' sign in the front lawn , with a ` ` sold '' marker in red across the top bar .
she pulled me across the lawn towards the back door .
the yard that centers all the buildings looks like a triangular maze with randomly placed concrete paths that cross the lawn .
he blows out a stressed breath as he turns around in the middle of the lawn trying to get his bearings .
suddenly , i see callie walking across the lawn with a bag on her shoulder .
the phone vibrates and i pause at the end of the lawn , quickly switching the screen to text messages .
she shrugs , her shoes scuffing against the mud at the edge of the lawn .
someone says something like , i ' ve never fallen asleep on the front lawn of the next door neighbor 's house , because i was so f**king drunk i thought it was my house . ''
i hop out of the car with my heart thudding inside my chest , and sprint across the lawn and up the stairs , swinging my arms to get the leaves out of my face .
blake 's brown eyes scan the campus and a smile expands across his face as he struts across the lawn toward us .
i amble toward a leafy tree in the center of the lawn .
i hike across the lawn toward the corner of the street so i can read the street sign , knowing it could be worse .
the neighborhood is nice , homey , each two - story stucco house surrounded by lush green lawns dotted with plants and small trees .
ethan shouts at me to settle the hell down , but i shrug him off and jog across the lawn , stomping over the flowers tracing the path to the front door .
the sun is ascending from behind the mountains that surround our little town and snow blankets the lawns around us .
i want a house with a big maple tree and a grassy lawn .
mel has his face to the ground and is force - feeding him the lawn .
i do n't know and no matter how long i sit there , picking at the dead lawn and talking to her , there is no clarity .
we 're in the middle of suburbia , complete with lawns , houses , and families .
after sean parks his bike , he walks over to a woman standing on the front lawn of a cute house .
a small fishing boat was parked on the groomed lawn , a red pick - up truck in the driveway .
it was a hell of a lot cheaper than maintaining a lawn in the desert .
but beyond the rocks was a small patch of lawn and two lawn chairs .
but beyond the rocks was a small patch of lawn and two lawn chairs .
beyond the lawn was the neighbor 's fence , though you could n't see it thanks to the layers of flowering bushes and the occasional small palm tree .
anyway , that went down too , all while camden and i lay sprawled in his lawn chairs , staring up at the satellites as they went across the black sky .
he threw the bag onto the lawn chair beside me and started firing up the grill .
while he started poking at the foil - wrapped asparagus , i turned the lawn chair around so that the high back was blocking his view of me .
i ran past the white wall of lawn chairs , people turning to look and see .
from here you had the vantage point of looking down the large grassy sweep of finely cut lawn and garden that was illuminated by various lights .
in flashes of lightning i could see the lawn went beyond the lights and disappeared into jungle .
i do n't know what happened behind me , i could only focus on the lawn in front , the lights , the darkness behind it all .
he did n't look at ease but he glanced behind us at the jeeps that were rolling over the lawn and coming for us , the gunfire in the distance that would n't stop until we were hunted down .
javier yanked the wheel just in time and we went bounding out of the jungle and back to the smoothness of travis 's groomed lawn .
golf carts littered the manicured lawns , lit pathways snaked their way through outdoor sculptures and statues .
i asked dom as i readied myself to run across the lawn .
a cold voice bellowed from across the lawn .
travis was standing on the lawn where it met the edge of his patio , gun in hand .
i jumped away from the tree , wincing at my leg , just as there was a terrific crash and a man fell from the window in a shower of glass and onto the lawn below , landing with a thud .
she starts stirring before i pull into my complex at park at cedar lawn .
i look out at the trees on the lawn , but i do n't really see them .
the helmet was suffocating me , so i ripped it off and let it drop from my fingers , backing onto the crab grass of the front lawn , my palms sweaty .
matt was laughing so hard that i thought he 'd fall off his lawn chair .
some rushed to get to class , while others fought for sunny areas on the lawn .
i marveled at how green the lawn was even though i could n't remember the last time it rained .
dean and i walked out into the warm alabama air and sat in two lawn chairs side by side .
i do n't know if i agree with him , but right now it feels safer to sit in my somber cocoon and stare at the ailing lawn .
no , hallie , that was n't your dad on the lawn , he 's fine .
expertly landscaped and maintained lawns had crisscrossing paths that led to several imposing brick buildings .
kellan grabbed my food and smiling , nodded over to an empty spot on a nearby lawn .
i laughed at his frustration , and at the fact that we were all sitting in a line on the lawn , instead of bunched together .
even just sitting on the lawn , eating and chatting with me , he attracted them .
denny , of course , wanted to talk about my econ class and smiling as we walked hand in hand down the concrete pathways crisscrossing the expansive lawns , i relayed as much of it as i could in the short time we had .
kellan and i sat close together on his blanket atop the crisp lawn , huddled in our jackets after just having finished our espressos , enjoying the chilly day and each other 's warm presence .
not one for crowds , rachel had watched the performance from the lawn nearby .
walking across the snowy lawn , my boots crunching a path through the pure white , i came up to a bench in front of a small duck pond .
the properties were spacious , the houses absurdly large , the lawns ridiculously green and plush ; they were even nicer than the yards in seattle .
her house was big , but in rough shape at a glance , with huge chunks missing from the stucco , a disaster of a lawn , and two cars parked in the driveway that were missing tires .
it was so crowded , some idiots had even gone so far as to park on the lawn .
` ` we ' ve made a spectacle of ourselves on the front lawn . ''
i could n't get into it with her on the front lawn , or i 'd lose my mind and traumatize the neighborhood children .
we drove through sleepy carbondale , green lawns and campus commons , to the university mall .
armed with portable grills , tri - delts camped out in tents on their lawn to showcase the plight of the homeless .
parker turns toward my sister who is on the other side of the lawn watching us .
` ` looks like your jeans got into a fight with a lawn mower . ''
when we push through the front doors , i walk out onto the snow covered front lawn of the dorm .
the house was never in great shape when her dad had been alive , but he 'd cut the lawn , they 'd gardened a bit , and even if the house had peeling paint on the outside , on the inside her mom had worked really hard to make it homey and loving .
marlene did n't have the gutters cleaned , did n't mow the lawn , did n't buy food , did n't even talk to josie some days .
bye , '' he said , leaving the pallet on the lawn .
the shrink - wrapped monstrosity sat , crooked , on the scraggly lawn .
julia 's eyes were round with wonder as she took in the manicured grounds , the visible security everywhere , and the party that was spilling out of the glass building and onto the lawn in front of it .
holding julia 's hand , he walked straight across the lawn , up the stairs , and through the large glass doors .
i saw tents going up on the far lawn .
before her parents had been able to stop it , an entire petting zoo had begun to unload on their front lawn .
her mother had been frantic to get the animals off her lawn before the guests inside saw them .
* * * nick sat on the stone railing of his uncle 's patio and looked out over acres of manicured lawn .
every sunday that lawn is full of generations of andrades .
i believe she saw you out here on the lawn anyway .
no , he was n't the ` ` settle down , raise a family , live to mow the lawn every saturday '' type , but that did n't mean he had nothing to offer .
the expansive lawn that surrounded the home was hidden in the dark , creating an intimate setting , illuminated by lanterns and warmed by heaters .
ryan grabbed my wrist , keeping me from moving any farther across the lawn .
scott tossed his plastic cup of beer to the ground just as ryan 's body became airborne , tackling the paparazzo in the neighbor 's front lawn .
that boy knows my front lawn better than i do .
i pulled my car keys out of my coat pocket as i crossed the lawn .
with his tattoos and piercings you would never expect to see him walk out the front door of a house like this , but there he was , stepping out onto the porch making his way down the perfectly manicured lawn to landon 's truck .
she ran across the front lawn and launched herself at nate , while i tried to collect myself , and reorganize my thoughts .
we were passing through a beautiful town in pennsylvania , rushing by farmhouses and stately white homes with impeccably trimmed green lawns and shrubs .
when the workday ends , they 'll return home and repeat the same routine for dinner , with him taking out the garbage or mowing the lawn as she cooks .
what , like a lawn ?
the string quartet begins pachelbel 's canon , and that 's my cue as the maid of honor to walk down the aisle , a white runner spread out across the lawn at le belle vie , an inn in mystic , connecticut , where kat grew up .
she asked , motioning to the immaculately kept lawn .
it looked exactly like the ones up and down the street , except with more giant , plastic kids ' furniture on the front lawn .
nick was reclining in a rusty old lawn chair , his feet propped on the railing .
not me , '' nick growled , and they started off across the lush lawn toward the large yellow house .
the next morning , jonathan was found passed out on the muddy front lawn of a house a quarter mile off , and his waterlogged car was found on the beach three miles south with no girlfriend in it .
the young citrus he 'd planted had a few leaves on the twiggy branches and the front lawn looked like an infield .
like i 'd put a lawn of sweet words over an aquifer of tar - sticky rage , and her presence triggered a bubbling geyser of anger .
the da 's building was set back from the street with an expanse of lawn utilized by birds , squirrels , and urban picnickers .
i told him i had to pay that crane boy twenty dollars a week to mow my lawn and cut back my bushes .
` ` every friday , him in my yard , sweatin ' and mowin ' my lawn .
if i did n't act like a klutzy , dorky idiot every time i was around him , i would be there every friday to watch raiden mow the lawn , too .
tell him you got a new lawn service .
` ` i think it means mrs . miller told her son to check on grams , and he 's a good guy so he 's going to mow her lawn , '' i answered .
then i looked at raiden in jeans , a now sweaty tee and running shoes , mowing my grandmother 's lawn .
i watched as i wandered across grams 's lawn .
he even went beyond the call of duty and , saturday , took time out to mow mine and charlene 's lawns .
worried charlene would get used to the extra help and then creed would go to arizona and there 'd be no one to fix her car or mow her lawn .
and , needless to say , i freaking hated mowing my lawn so i liked not having to do that .
creed was outside mowing her lawn .
we then got dressed and went over to charlene 's to help her with breakfast and , after , creed went out to mow her lawn .
but that did n't solve the problem of her losing her lawn guy , her morning helpers or the moral support coming from next door .
that 's my lawn , ass**le . ''
` ` you ca n't assault me on my lawn ! ''
that extra week is a lot when you got three kids to take care of , one a toddler , one special needs and you got a lawn to mow , storm windows to take out , faucets that leak , a mortgage that needs to get paid , a car that needs fixed and a second job to get so you can try to make ends meet .
the bright green grass , fluttering insects , dripping willows and daisies dotting the lawn looked like they were seen through a filtered lens on a camera .
the grasses had to be mowed and this was n't just the patch of lawn around the house , this included the area by the lane running up to the house ( which was a long way ) ; the area by the road to mustang ( which was a long way ) ; the area around the peach trees and outbuildings ( which were big areas ) ; then , of course , there was the patch of lawn around the house .
the grasses had to be mowed and this was n't just the patch of lawn around the house , this included the area by the lane running up to the house ( which was a long way ) ; the area by the road to mustang ( which was a long way ) ; the area around the peach trees and outbuildings ( which were big areas ) ; then , of course , there was the patch of lawn around the house .
and last , gray taught me how to drive the small riding mower he had so i also took over mowing the front lawn and the areas around the house .
i could wear my high heels into town , my western duds while out with the horses and work on my tan by wearing one of my bikini tops and short - shorts while on the riding lawn mower .
gray loved it too ( especially me wearing my bikini top on the lawn mower ) .
i did n't hesitate to dash across the back lawn to the burning fire even as i saw gray leading out two horses , smacking one on its rump and both galloped toward the opened paddock .
he mowed the lawn , he serviced the cars .
all that was cooter and i was gone except for the dregs sitting on my lawn .
there were some graceful white - columned structures with rolling lawns on big lots that were stereotypical of the south .
commence wild - ass crying jag , not a small amount of ranting , a couple of tantrums ( one that included lanie throwing her two and a half carat diamond engagement ring into my backyard and i made a note to self to rent a metal detector prior to mowing my lawn the next time ) , lanie texting elliott about seven hundred times calling him every name she could think of and i finally got her to bed with a box of kleenex .
we made it through the room , out the door and across a lawn with no incident .
i had his number because i had all the guys ' numbers but i was n't someone he would expect to get a call from unless i needed a ride or someone to mow my lawn .
mowing my lawn was , tack had decided and it was one of what i was currently considering the few bonuses of being attached to chaos , part of the recruits ' new duties .
seeing as a woman usually did n't need her lawn mowed at one in the morning , a call from me at that time would be a surprise .
not long after tack left the deck , rush returned to it , i came to terms with the fact that i was a roller coaster type of girl and was reflecting on the fact that not only was tack 's house awesome , there was no lawn to mow , it occurred to me that tack was taking a long time refilling my coffee .
now i ' m here 'cause there 's a goddamned for sale sign planted in your front lawn and i walk in here and see you lookin ' like this so , got ta say , babe , i ' m not angry .
then she let my hand go and sashayed to the picture perfect lawn furniture on the deck , folded then shoved my slice of cake in her mouth all in one go ( though , it was so small , this was n't hard ) .
now let me go before i do something we 'll both get arrested for like throw you on the lawn and give your neighbors a show . ''
and she instigates a play to remind me of the olivia she played me with , and , by the way , that was who was on my mom 's lawn today and it was the first time i saw her since the last time olivia wanted somethin ' from me .
i drove into my driveway trying to steer my little , blue hyundai in while still keeping my eyes on what appeared to be an army of bikers hanging out on my lawn and going in and out of my house .
and tack was standing on my lawn with dog and he was wearing cool mirrored shades too and they were pointed toward my car .
i looked at the bikers on my lawn and at my door .
when i did , hawk , who had turned to walk with lawson and tack across my lawn , turned back to me .
i did n't need biker vs. commando war on my front lawn with lawson calling in police intervention .
they were all out on the lawn .
she went home and tossed all your dad 's shit out on the lawn and called a locksmith .
` ` wish i was there when she was tossing all dad 's stuff on the lawn .
they need to learn to lead it without you there mowin ' their lawn . ''
but i 'd never mowed the lawn that was man 's work ( according to dad ) .
his head would explode if i tried to mow the lawn when he was in the house .
i looked out and to the right to see tate dressed in jeans and a tight , army green t - shirt , no belt , no shoes , sitting in a lawn chair pulled up to the railing .
he mows their lawn and trims their shrubs in the summer .
he mows the church lawn .
the second night was spent out on the lawn under the summer sun .
the woodland stopped , giving way from thicket to a huge expanse of manicured lawn and a large oval fountain .
endless yellow sunshine drenched hawksridge hall , granting perfect conditions for cut and his black diamond brothers to hunt , fish , gamble , and drink all on the front lawn .
it took ten minutes to cross the lawn with brothers detaining me and gossiping .
i stood frozen as nila traversed the small distance across the lawn toward kes .
the hall grew smaller behind us as we traversed the lawn , heading into the woods .
he watched kids playing on the front lawns .
* * * * washing up the dishes , judi looked out over the front lawn .
laura placed her glass down on the grass lawn and leaned back folding her arms .
standing at the window she stared out over the lawn .
when summer hit she 'd need to mow the lawn .
he stood out on the front lawn out of sight from the back garden .
the houses were run down with mattresses on the front lawn .
epilogue two years later dawn sat on the lawn , sucking on a lollipop as daniel started to bark out orders to the pack .
daniel left her on the lawn to go and organize their nursery .
sam sat down on a plastic lawn chair next to her , against the barn wall .
she 'd always loved the stanford campus with its mature oaks and palm trees , large expanses of lawn , and the mix of old stone buildings with modern glass and steel structures .
cloudless blue skies , students playing frisbee out on the lawn and studying on beach chairs in bikinis .
she pushed his arm out of the way and ran , deviating from the path to run across the well - manicured lawn to the front of the house .
they were walking across the lawn , and she was n't used to stiletto heels .
he walked slowly across the lawn , letting go of her hand and wrapping an arm around her waist as they started down a cobbled pathway , nodding to a hudson security agent at the head of the path .
most of these homes have cars parked on their unkempt lawns , chipped paint , and everything about what i ' m seeing brings on a well of tears .
` ` i 'll be in my room , '' he tells me as he heads inside the house , leaving lucia and me standing on the front lawn .
i stay on his bed , and when i hear the front door shut , i turn to look out the window to see pike and his caseworker on the front lawn talking .
we teeter along the roof to the edge where pike tosses the bag down to matt who is waiting on the front lawn .
as beautiful as everything was , there was something off putting about the manicured lawns and the perfectly painted homes without a smudge of wear or tear .
vince wiped at his eyes and allowed his gaze to roam the scenic solitude of what the best money could buy -marble headstones , manicured lawns without a single dried and dead patch that betrayed poor maintenance , and tranquility fit for monks deep in prayer - and he felt mocked by the stately elegance .
they rose higher , and now she could see the entire town , charming houses , tidy lawns , and in the distance the rolling acres of land and dusty two - lane highway that will drove on each time he came back here from san diego .
she admired the perfectly kept lawn and colorful flowerbeds around the edge , adding , ` ` i like it . ''
` ` i wo n't even dignify that with an answer , '' she said , taking a step toward the lawn .
seven stories or so , it boasted a sleek gray exterior , balconies with wrought - iron railings , and colorful flowerbeds lining the lush lawn out front .
the rectangular pool sat in the center of the sprawling lawn , surrounded by a concrete deck offering white lounge chairs and tables topped with red - and - blue umbrellas .
it was a nice area , and family friendly , judging by the multitude of bicycles and kiddie pools littering the lawns .
as they neared the door , cash gazed beyond the deck at the manicured lawn and kidney - shaped swimming pool .
the large , perfectly manicured lawn was big enough to house a decent - sized swimming pool , a swing set , an enormous pine deck with a table that seated ten , and a stone patio littered with children 's toys .
miranda loitered on the tidy front lawn for a moment , staring at the two - story building she 'd been calling home for the past four months .
he walked to a quieter location on the manicured lawn away from the pool , the grass warm and soft beneath his bare feet .
after he hung up , dylan stood there for a moment , his gaze taking in the flurry of activity happening across the lawn .
danny hopped out and slung the strap of his backpack over one shoulder , then dashed across the manicured lawn toward the front steps of the brick building .
she was even five minutes early as she killed the engine in front of a pretty white house with an unkempt front lawn and a four - door sedan parked in the driveway .
cross and i went to the front lawn to watch a meteor shower , and i think he wanted to kiss me .
he must have had a lot to drink tonight , because his face has that relaxed look , the one i remember from the other night , out on mom 's lawn .
i ' m still reeling an hour later as we eat a picnic lunch on the lawn behind the main manor house .
we are rolling past fortress - like houses and sprawling , landscaped lawns , on our way to his ranch .
she takes off into the lawn , her hair trailing behind her as she dashes to her camaro .
i get off the bike as smoothly as i can , parking it in the flawlessly manicured lawn , and do n't allow myself to look away from her as i step slowly up the porch stairs .
i roll over , push up on my elbow , and look around the junk - strewn , dirt lawn , but i do n't see her .
i ' m sitting in an adirondack chair on the violently green lawn behind the english manor where marchant and his women do their business .
because i ' m feeling bold and a little desperate , and also because i ' m super curious about why he 's crossing the lawn dressed like hugh heffner , i call his name .
oh , f**k . i hear screaming before i emerge from the trees , and when my boots hit the soft grass of the long , straight , english - style lawn , there is the brothel : glowing .
the crumminess of the day is once again confirmed when i climb out , briefcase on my shoulder , smile polished and ready , to find dr . and mr . bernard standing several feet apart in their freshly sodded lawn , screaming obscenities at each other .
it shatters , falling in glittering pieces to the lawn as my mouth drops open .
i run around the house , dodging patches of fire on the lawn , focused on finding carlson and suri dalton .
any more , and i 'll have you on your front lawn . ''
christian knew he had plenty of pictures for what he needed , but david was still so excited that they continued to the great lawn and belvedere castle .
david asked as he raced across the lawn , skidding to a stop just in front of christian .
* * * * chapter six sean sean carried luna 's limp body in his arms across the grassy lawn .
but i was not so excited when i saw the mess i 'd made of the lawn .
i descended the stairs and ran across the lawn , veering around trees and bushes .
instead of leading me to the front stairs of the castle , where i was expecting him to take me , he led me across the lawn , in the direction that would take us to the river .
with a heavy , dragging - my - skin - sensation , i walked across the grassy lawn , finding the picnic table easily in the light of the moon .
as anne drove behind carla up the street , she saw families outside in their yards either working on their lawns and flower gardens or tossing around balls and frisbees .
large windows faced out the front onto the veranda and lawn .
a wrought iron railing enclosed the second floor gallery , and additional furniture was placed outside for guests who wished to look out onto the sweeping front lawn lined with large oaks and flowers .
the smell was rancid , as if somehow this empty warehouse churned out fish guts instead of lawn furniture .
no , she said , staring down at what was once a patch of manicured lawn between two concrete curbs .
a tall , dark - skinned man in a business suit was crossing the lawn .
he stared out over the lawn .
he shifted his feet , glanced at the lawn .
the lawn was crowded with running , fighting , screaming men .
sunlight burst into the foyer , and i squinted , snow - blind as they rushed me across the lawn .
mow the lawn , clean the house , then try to do good in school so i can get some kind of scholarship .
he passed the low - lying white fence separating our yard from our next - door neighbors then cut across the lawn and headed for the front door .
i raced out the door , down the lawn , and across the street .
by the time i pulled up and parked , he was crossing our lawn .
by the time he pulled into his driveway , i was crossing our lawn at a run .
my father was sitting in his lawn chair , a book draped over his lap .
the winding back - road is empty , and the sound of birdsong and rustle of the trees in the wind is a strange backdrop after our city suburb , with the lawns all trimmed neatly , and cookie - cutter houses laid out in straight lines .
its an old , run - down home in desperate need of repairs , but as i follow him to the front porch , i can see that the lawn is freshly mown , and there s a fresh coat of paint on the door .
i reply , i just scramble down from the cab and charge across the front lawn .
we crossed a large patch of perfectly manicured lawn with various well positioned flower beds .
i could throw one hell of a garden party on this lawn .
the place i want to go to first is the ivy lawn cemetery .
as they walked out of the side door of the lobby , they entered a maze of twisting pathways leading off in several directions through formal gardens with manicured lawns , large white marble statues , and animal shaped topiary shrubs .
ok its nice to have a big house with lawns running down to the river and your own personal jetty , but the insurance companies are nt keen to insure them anymore , there ve been too many floods , especially along the thames .
palm trees lined a garden of immaculate lawns and carefully cultivated hibiscus and alongside the kidney shaped pool were garden chairs and tables neatly set out under a large white canopy .
it was , a gentle lawn sloped down to a copse of tall trees and beyond it was a panoramic view of marbella and the mediterranean .
here jess , she called and picking up one of the numerous toys that littered the lawn , threw it for the dog to chase .
julies dogs lay stretched out on the lawn , one either side of the group , like ornamental lions , they lifted their heads as she approached but did not move .
i d like to get home while i ve still got some lawn left .
he thought his father had loved him too , although he could not remember spending much time with him , his father was always away working and when he was home he was busy , mowing the lawn or fixing something for mum .
she could hear a blackbird singing nearby and in the distance the sound of someone mowing their lawn .
however , if you 're interested there is the lawn mower factory , they re always looking for vegetables to work on their assembly lines .
it went through his head about the lawn mower factory , it had always been a job of last resort even when he had left school , although at that time it had been called the suffolk iron factory .
it became a little lonely for him and he soon started thinking about the lawn mower .
within a fortnight he had applied for and had taken a job at the dreaded local lawn mower factory .
monday morning arrived in what seemed like record time , as the weekend had just flown by and it was time to return to work and assembling lawn mowers once again .
although by a stroke of luck their jobs allowed them to take the occasional glance in each other 's direction across the conveyor belt , that was always moving with half assembled lawn mowers scattered all along its length .
matthew would have to wait and see what fate had in store for him , and if indeed he still had employment at the local lawn mower factory .
somebody had anonymously telephoned hossreite telling him that matthew had been stealing lawn mowers from under their noses from the factory .
at one stage matthew could not work out what all the fuss was about , it was only one lawn mower not exactly the crown jewels .
one truck a day leaves the factory fifty - two weeks of the year , that s two hundred and fifty lawn mowers a year .
the policeman ran over the events that had greeted matthew on the morning he had arrived at work to be stopped and accused of stealing the lawn mowers .
peter continued working at the lawn mower factory and after a year was promoted supervisor taking the position that hossreite had was vacated after his arrest for stealing from the factory .
herr hossriete was charged with the theft of several hundred lawn mowers , and found guilty , and for his part in the racket he received four years imprisonment in norwich prison .
she wandered around to the back of the cottage to the only strip of well - trimmed lawn .
it cast a dark shadow across the lawn , and as satina approached it , a large part of it shifted position .
pink trumpets dotted the lawn , and she rolled onto them , sprawled on her belly and breathed in the scent of growing things .
the whole lawn sparkled with the first hints of dust , golden and full of power .
viktor walked a few steps away from the reception area to his left and kept to the balcony overseeing the spacious , well - kept green lawn that extended fifty feet towards the highway .
` ` we 're going to make a few changes around here , '' gramma del said as she walked gracie to school the morning after daddy drove his truck onto the mcmahon family 's lawn and hit a sugar maple .
how could she think such a thing with mona 's little girl walking next to her , as quiet and drab as one of those little field mice ruth saw scampering across the lawn in the morning .
tess and i sat on the lawn at the back of the school grounds ; it was near the football field .
he came to a stop at the edge of his wide green lawn , looking over shannon court .
for all her jesting , she really did nt relish the thought of reporters camping out on her front lawn .
i vaguely wondered what his next career move would be ... we said goodbye to niko then rolled down the drive , waving to patty and the kids as they stood on the lawn shouting , come see us soon .
there was the soft click of the door closing , then the dark shape of jay through the curtain as he walked across the lawn .
its really more of an estate , with a long winding driveway , a pool , and a vast lawn with fruits growing in it .
he walked away from the side of the house into the open front lawn .
it had everything one might expect from a hans christian andersen tale , the five turrets at the points of the crenulated walls that formed a hexagon shape , the expanse of mansion in the same creamy stone that reached from the west wall to the east , the square lawn with a long , winding driveway up to massive front doors , even a stream flowing at the base and disappearing into dense woodland .
swore he saw a thylacine on his lawn , drinking from the bird bath .
in the beam of his headlights , i saw two houses set in a large lawn , which ended at the water 's edge .
through the kitchen window , i spied movement on the edge of the lawn , where trees and bush met grass .
seeing that it was a gorgeous day , he took the brochure and calendar of events that he d picked up at the front desk and wandered out into the sun , the day made all the brighter by the sight of riley walking across the lawn towards him .
it did nt take thorsen long to find his cousin and anna , discussing things on the front lawn of the inn .
i saved money from my summer job , mowing lawns , and took her to the state fair , which was an expensive date back then .
a large lawn separated the dormitory adjacent to the dining hall .
ordinarily this would have been a perfectly serene setting for the first school gathering , but what i saw settled on that lawn , sent shivers down my spine , a flock of ravens .
we saw few people on our way across the lawn , and only a few more once we were seated in the dining hall .
we left the dining hall , and walked across the barto lawn in front of the cluster of freshman dorms .
ahead of us , in one of the shade trees that lined the lawn perched a beautiful hawk .
i looked around to make sure anita and i were the only ones out on the lawn .
i was about to give alexander a taser like shock , when i heard someone scream from the lawn behind the apartment complex .
the front yard had turned into a parking lot , full of cars parked haphazardly on the lawn , as more and more shifters arrived to hunt for the baby .
by morning the lawn was standing in several inches of water and turning the oyster shell driveway into slush .
the lawn was scattered with brightly colored gowns of every color , matching sunbonnets , and elaborate twirling parasols .
going to the balcony she peered across the well - manicured lawn that bustled with activity as couples strolled arm in arm and children romped with delight .
` ` lawn chairs ? ''
` ` we have lawn chairs ? ''
we sometimes took lawn chairs in the fishing boat , '' she added .
he opened a lawn chair and sat down , using a stick to poke at the fire .
she looked at the lawn chair .
matt and saundra were sitting in the lawn chairs by the fire , and a pot was on the grate above the flames .
both saundra and matt offered her their lawn chairs , but jenni declined , sitting instead on a log that was n't quite dry or quite level or entirely without knobby parts .
aside from the lawn chairs and matt 's stuff , they were almost done .
` ` put the lawn chairs back where they came from , '' jenni said .
` ` we 'll take our time putting the lawn chairs back in the woods . ''
they were sitting on the lawn chairs with their feet up on a log , watching him .
when he looked up , the women were going into the woods , carrying the lawn chairs .
when she looked back towards the lake , she saw that lonnie had set up a nice lawn chair lounge for himself , and had lifted a cooler from the boat .
it was clean and tidy , but not as manicured and perfect as the lawn outside .
kathy had a sneaking suspicion that the further they went inside the less and less this place would look like the front lawn .
it had a big picture window that overlooked the large front lawn and pond .
elizabeth glanced down at the grass when they veered from the road to cut across the lawn .
i wonder if i need a lawn mower , elizabeth said softly .
she turned to franklin and asked , am i supposed to mow the lawn or does the landlord do that kind of thing ?
suddenly charlie flew out of the house and ran across the lawn into the trees .
she sprinted across the lawn when they cleared the trees .
when i looked outside , i saw it was charging across the lawn .
i broke down on your front lawn .
i mean how can they expect to sell the house with an overgrown lawn and messy landscaping ?
he came in silently from the clouds and swooped down on the presidents palace like an owl about to pinion an unsuspecting bird , not even disturbing the soldiers who were brewing their morning coffee on the lawn .
that last one more than anything was the legacy he earned by coming through the rounds and eventually emerging as the all england lawn tennis club single handed champion of the world .
with much of the turf now dug up and replaced by cement or synthetic polymers , the modern game had slowed down and was played mainly from the baseline ... except that is during the last three weeks of june and the first few days of july when lawn tennis makes its annual return to its green grass roots of home .
but whatever the view in the eyes of the beholders , one thing was for sure : there was a new exciting look to the sport of lawn tennis ... and surprise , surprise it came wrapped in a british flag .
jim eventually gave up his job with the lawn tennis association in order to coach lewis full time when he turned fifteen .
i sat in my lawn chair and gave sean some thought until i had a plan .
someone had left a lawn chair in the sand , and we wandered over to it .
he took charlottes hand and they walked back down the deck to the lawn .
peter paid the lawn care company to look after the grounds , but he usually took care of any problems with the building itself .
she struggled to keep up as he strode across the lawn toward what looked like a guesthouse .
the lights from the party shone on the bench where they were sitting , and the sound of music and laughter drifted out across the lawn .
she stepped through the french doors that led from her room out onto the balcony , across the dark lawn a beam of moonlight illuminated a man and woman .
a small sound caught her ear and she looked up into the face of the mysterious man from the lawn .
they begged for a fresh coat of paint and cushions , but otherwise they were sturdy and it was all rae could do not to sink into a chair and stare out at the majestic mountains and forest that seemed to cradle the house and its wide patches of lawn and arbor and riotous garden .
it was stately and elegant with neatly rounded bushes , walkways clear and pristine , and flowers of all shapes and varieties blooming on the vast expanse of lawn around the grounds .
` ` at first i mistook you for one of the guests as you glided across the lawn with the cape on your arm .
* * * * tess felt a little brazen to be outside without a parasol , especially so when she reached the top of the hill on bellevue avenue and spied a group of young debutantes clustered in front of the newport casino dressed entirely and elegantly in white , with perfectly matched lace parasols , exquisite hats , and elbow - length kid gloves ( their first pair of the day ) , all calculated to compete with the genteel matches taking place on the lawn courts within .
a croquet lawn flashed through tess 's brain as she stepped into the hall before him , uncertain what to do .
she glanced across the lawn to the back of maywood manor , her familys gracious old house .
other guests , who had been strolling on the lawns or had joined evie and eden in the impromptu archery contest , had also drifted away to their rooms to change .
but as she watched him stride across the wide expanse of lush , green lawn , evie realized how unprepared she was to see him again , as if she were still that wounded girl of sixteen .
evie leaned around will to see her brother hurrying across the lawn .
chattering gaily , eden pulled will across the lawn .
they lay on the cool grass of the front lawn , their bodies playfully tangled like puppies in a dog basket , a sight that caused mrs . longo the next - door neighbor , to barge in the gate late one afternoon and demand they stop .
the window clicked shut and the little brown monkey scampered across the lawn , shinnied up a downspout and disappeared in through a second floor window of the house across claude 's garden .
halfway across the lawn the monkey looked up and caught sight of them watching him through the window .
the knife nicked a chain - link fence with a clack , and then flew into a weedy lawn .
after a few days of filling out applications , i found work with a landscape maintenance company , a fancy title for mowing the lawn .
everything was right here , every street framing manicured lawns , children chasing and laughing up and down the sidewalks , and my family , loving and in love .
thankfully , none of the neighbors were out in their manicured lawns .
its large window overlooked the front lawn , and shelves covered the three other walls .
his teenage neighbor promised to mow the lawn of the three - bedroom , ranch - style house for a small fee .
across the street , a little girl sprinted across the lawn and vaulted into a mans arms .
a blue , child - sized bicycle lay haphazardly on the lawn .
she led the way to the back lawn .
she wore no stays and all that covered her breasts beneath her top was a chemise of white lawn .
karl said with a triumphant little laugh , leading them over to the colourful tent set out on the immaculate , green lawn .
they watched as their son rough - housed with some boys on the lawn .
she turned to see karl and the girl called lizzie walking across the lawn toward the moving pathway that would take them away from the centre of the city .
look at the children on the lawn .
out of the corner of my eye , i spotted nolan jogging across the lawn toward us .
outside , snow fell in gentle flakes on the lawn , and i watched the snowy scene .
a spot for flowers , vegetables , a generous lawn ... an ideal space for kids .
when maddy arrived at graces house , she noted the lawn had been raked and wondered when grace had found time to clean it all up .
overgrown weeds littered the entire front lawn .
they walked quietly across the lawn , snuck back through the fence to the front of the house , and loaded themselves into car .
he was in the backyard , sitting in a lone lawn chair in the middle of dying grass .
but the grounds were attractive and immaculate , lawn stretching wide and trees surrounding the property .
she scanned the lawn , the parked cars , and the street .
they were stilted , frozen to the sidewalk and lawn , mouths agape .
as the honking behind him became more persistent , billy finally gave up and pulled right up onto somebodys lawn .
behind huge guarded walls sat white mansions surrounded by acres of lawn and well - kept flower gardens .
would you look at this place , she said , climbing out of the jeep onto the freshly mowed lawn .
she found him taking a nap on the lawn in the shade of a giant tree .
she carefully unfolded her legs from the toyota four wheel drive jean pierre had managed to borrow and stepped onto the freshly cut lawn .
she loved the crisp , sweet scent of the freshly cut lawn and watched a white peacock in elegant feathers call a greeting as it strolled along the lake .
people streamed out onto the lawn , faces turned up to the mountain as an orange glow lit the sky .
the orchestra moved on out onto the lawn and the dancing started again .
now here he stood , ushering them onto a verandah where they all sat down on plastic lawn chairs .
a body floated in the swimming pool and his dogs lay on the lawn , slashed to death .
elizabeth shook her head as she watched him cross the lawn toward the path that led up to the ridge .
houses i used to attend parties in are crumbling as the natives set up their huts on the lawns .
i forbid the houseboys to chase it off and i sat on the lawn and watched it for hours .
an inflatable bouncer in the shape of a castle dominated the lawn .
* * * the white sign stood jabbed at an angle into her lawn .
it was one big lawn .
he wiped his hands on the grass and noticed the black dog on the lawn watching him .
furniture lay sprawled across the newly mown lawn , making it look like the house had thrown up its contents on the grass .
i gazed out the window as the city lights led us to an elite part of town with lush lawns , high walls , and luxury cars parked in front of metal gates .
the sliding doors opened onto a lush lawn , which led to a beautiful lake .
wooden benches with lit lanterns at each end dotted the lawn .
before i had the chance to say anything , another thank you , perhaps , he rose and walked back up the lawn , hands in his pockets .
carson could nt drive straight through jesss bedroom because of the greenery on the front lawn .
under the big tree that shaded jesss front lawn , the mailman had slipped something into the mailbox .
glancing around , she saw him through the window , bouncing a ball on a paved section of the lawn .
he stared at the lawn where he d found dorian the night shed gone out with carson .
from the second - floor classroom , zach could see across the near lawn , so lush and green despite the season , to the tennis courts beyond , and the recreation fields beyond that .
students populated the scenelying on blankets and towels on the lawn , playing tennis , tossing frisbees and footballs on the rec fields .
his attention focused on the parking lot between the lawn and the tennis courts , off to the left and bordered by a row of tall willow oaks .
he watched her get out of her car , wave to one of the couples lounging on the lawn , then stroll over to that couple and sit beside them on their blanket .
he walked across the lawn to where she was still sitting on the blanket talking to the couple .
i turned to reagan to warn her , to prepare her for what could be traumatizing but someone called my name from across the front lawn .
he made her sound like a patch of lawn i wanted to pee on .
when i arrived at charles place , i noticed toys scattered on the front lawn of the large two - story house .
i gave him a single nod , shot a crusty look at the monkey , who hissed back , and flew across j - dubs front lawn to my gt .
one day i came home from school and thee was smelly lying in the middle of the lawn with a big grin on his face and one of miz macgillicuddy rabbits tween his paws .
my mama and daddy do nt know what to make of all this , and on the way back to our house , when were safely away from the lazaras bunny raised from the dead , my daddy stopped me on the lawn and bent down into my face and asked me in a that was nt loud but had an edge of steel in it .
but when he drove up , there was my mama and peter out on the front lawn greeting the flock like they was already mr . and mrs . piscopal minister .
cuz when all the congregation had left , and mama and peter were alone in the middle of the lawn in front of that piscopal church ( not really alone , but you know what i mean , alone in a crowd , as no one was looking at them or paying them no mind ) , mama , she stood on tippy toes up to peter and gave him a kiss on the lips , and the two of them beamed at each other like they was two grinning monkeys ( which ai nt probably the best analogy in the world , but the best one i could come up with as the babys gon na be waking up soon ) .
i swear , i do nt know what catches my breath more , the fact that he s charging like a mad dog across the lawn or that he s dressed like a somebody whose just escaped from the insane asylum .
all the rest of the congregation has gone inside and its just mama and peter on the lawn and they do nt see daddy comin like a mad bull .
then they went inside , leaving me on the lawn , and i look across at daddy , and he s wiping grass and from his face looking for all the world like a dog that s been shut out doors -- what i want to say is -- sad and lonely , and wanting so much to be a part of what s going on inside .
we lugged the rabbit cages out and dumped the dumb bunnies out , and they set to lopping lazily on the lawn .
we was sitting on the grass in the middle of the clearing on the lawn , listening to mindy smith on the stereo from the house abed propped the speakers up on the window ledge -- and for some damned reason or another , i got it into my head to stand up and dance .
the lawn was green , and grand old trees dotted the yard .
she crossed the lawn to the large bank of mailboxes that served the entire complex .
* * * jack stepped out the back door of kellys parents house and walked across the lawn to the oak tree where his new wife stood .
something out on the lawn by the water would be lovely .
an early evening party would be lovely , with tents and lights all over the lawn as the evening comes on .
they sat together for a few minutes and stared out past the pool and down the lawn to long island sound , watching the water lap at the edge of the beach .
chapter thirty kelly looked out across the lawn at the beautiful white tents drenched in tiny sparkling lights and filled with guests , wait staff , and a band .
out past the lawn , the water sparkled and reflected the lights back onto the party .
chapter thirty - one kelly and jack said goodnight to the last of the guests and strolled hand in hand across the lawn and up to their room .
i was just looking at the lawn and thinking that this is a lawn that is calling out for children .
i was just looking at the lawn and thinking that this is a lawn that is calling out for children .
ill be busy with school for a few years , but i want us to have kids someday , she said as she looked out over the lawn .
below the terrace , a perfect swath of lawn stretched to the waters edge where an elegant yacht lay twinned by its reflection in the still waters of lake washington .
in the early light , i can see the tiled terracotta colored walls , elegant white - painted stone arches , and the lawns that surround it , bounded by groves of trees .
he arrives for lunch with his wife and two small children , and we eat on the terrace overlooking the lawns and the trees that stretch as far as the nearby town .
its while i m walking across the lawn towards the garage that i hear the voices .
a baby bandicoot scurried across the lawn and disappeared under a dense grevillea bush .
whenever he was home , he d either be hammering in his workshop or mowing the lawns .
although he was pleased madelines car was nowhere in sight , he was disappointed to see toms motorbike , still parked on the lawn .
-- -- -- -- - the lovely afternoon was perfect for a swim in the large lake that lapped at the hotel 's long front lawn .
seeming reassured that susan would nt go racing off across the lawn , dr . chappell turned to the nurse .
other women marched down and even frolicked over the lawn with placid confidence , but they d never known the freedom of racing across it in tee - shirt and shorts .
a quick glance over the shoulder told me adle was furious that i was letting peppermint pee over her pristine lawn , mountains glimmering beyond the gold mansion .
how could i not want to let my dog pee all over adles lawn ?
whoever makes it to the lawn in front of the house wins .
however , i saw the green grass sprouting on the manicured lawn of the estate , and without thinking , i flopped on my stomach to make it to the grass before him .
purple flowers spanned atop the trellis , and nearly everyone on the green lawn was gorgeous .
beautiful , lush lawns gave way to acres of flowers of every color of the rainbow .
he led roy toward the wall that would put them on the front lawn .
instead , she crossed her lawn and rushed down her street .
he moved resolutely to an unremarkable patch of grass among the rest of the sprawling , well - manicured lawn .
once enveloped in its sturdy branches , melissa moved down , navigating its interlocking limbs before landing on the lawn below .
gabriel noticed that each lawn they passed had been mowed , flower beds were meticulously upheld , and shrub shapes were maintained .
i sincerely doubt she dragged melissa across both lawns , onto her deck and into her house .
she heard gabriels squishy footsteps behind her navigating the rain - saturated lawn .
maybe he can keep it for a lawn ornament .
from what i remember , the worst thing that ever happened was stolen lawn ornaments from time to time .
and those usually showed up on someone elses lawn as a prank .
he must have finally heard the car , because he turned around , giving her a full view of his scowl , his scruffy beard , and the for sale sign on the front lawn .
the man ushered the children to the large garden with a gentle , rolling lawn and magnolia trees , where delicious food and sweet drinks waited for them to enjoy .
the estate was immaculately maintained with lush , green lawn and neat , pretty flowerbeds their father loved .
as they were struggling , tara noticed darcy running across the length of the lawn toward the tree house , calling alainas name .
the flower beds were beautiful , along with a manicured lawn all edged neatly and a deep green throughout .
laura retrieved her kids and they powered down the rest of the evening sitting on lawn chairs in front of their cottage , dining on junk food now and then , thinking about how far they had come in such a short time and how different things were here .
i shifted away from the fire and dropped my head against the back of the lawn chair .
i drove out of her neighborhood , a simple upper middle class one with a lot of cookie - cutter houses and manicured lawns .
a shadowy cathedral emerged to stare passively over an unkempt lawn .
wind whistled through the nearly naked trees lining the lawn .
the lawn was green and full of circular flower beds of various colors , and the giant weeping willows provided shade over the many stone paths that ran around the house .
sophie sighed and , determined not to make a complete fool of herself , looked out over the lawn .
she invited a half - dozen people i hardly knew and made us play croquet on the lawn .
small tables were interspersed on the lawn , their white linens brilliant in the summer sun .
isorryplease excuse me , she stammered and fled across the lawn .
inside , the windows are tall and wide , lighting the space and giving us a nice view of a well - manicured lawn and healthy hedges .
there s a for sale sign on the front lawn .
so now we have a truckload of pieces on the front lawn .
chase could see she was really warming to the subject of airing out the houses problems , right here on the front lawn .
across a short strip of lawn , the woods , beyond that , the creek .
nothing but a simple lawn shift and a noble expression ?
walking on her toes so that her stilettos did n't sink into the gelatinous lawn , she rounded the shed and stood over the prone form of a peacefully snoring man on a pile of dry grass .
the lawn was scarred with muddy trails , half the shrubs were broken , and it looked as if someone had actually tipped the ash out of the garden incinerator and raked it all over the lawn .
the lawn was scarred with muddy trails , half the shrubs were broken , and it looked as if someone had actually tipped the ash out of the garden incinerator and raked it all over the lawn .
leaving the kettle to its own devices , she went out onto the veranda and clattered down the iron staircase onto the lawn for a closer inspection .
the boys were sprawled fully dressed but fast asleep across their double bed , and through the thin filmy white curtains was a breath - taking view of an emerald sea sparkling beyond a pale gold beach surrounded by flowers , lawns and palm trees .
this large island with its tarmac roads , its phones and hotels , its air conditioning , hot water , acres of green lawn ... this was nt our destination .
by carving your initials into the grass courts with a lawn mower ?
complementing the house were manicured lawns , flower beds and a waterfall pond , complete with walking bridge .
they re sitting there in fold out lawn chairs , a glass of wine in elises hand , and skyla beginning to make smores using her tea light fondue set .
chapter twenty - five i threw on a pair of sweats the following sunday night and ran across the lawn to the guys ' house .
we sat down and jumped once or twice , as ecstatic fleas accidentally tickled us , before they too joined the calm new lawn and we could relax in chairs , knees touching , hands in palms and me turning to michelle , awaiting some heavy news to befall me , or relieve me .
she asked , allowing herself to be dragged along , the park bench returning to the lawn in an exhilarating avalanche and gleeful waterfall of excitable buds .
anyhow , at 7 , we left our modest hut and crossed the lawn to knock on their door .
we walked over to the first patch of lawn and buddy ran across my arm , springboarding like a diver .
he was sitting on her shoulder with his two friends from the lawn .
rachels husband , george , stood on his front lawn in checkered shorts and a ratty old t - shirt .
it was a modern hospital building with a large front lawn that patients could use to get some exercise or enjoy during lunch .
the tall trees that were on the lawn were pretty to look at since the hue of their leaves had changed to mixtures of red , yellow and orange .
rosalie would usually take edgar outside the hospital to enjoy the front lawn so that he could gaze at the flowers there .
the concert was going to happen right on the front lawn of the hospital .
the concert starts in ten minutes , so we d better hurry if we want to get a good spot on the lawn .
and now they were letting him go to a concert on the lawn ?
they took the elevator down to the first floor and then the nurse wheeled edgar through the lobby and outside to the hospital lawn .
that voiceit had everyone on the hospital lawn completely bewitched as if time hung still .
* * * blake looked at the crowd of patients , paparazzi and news reporters on the hospital lawn and sang loudly .
blake grabbed dr . coles wrist and dragged him through the crowd on the lawn .
we were still far apart , the lawn covering the distance between us , but i moved to him , and he smiled in anticipation .
i also mow the lawn frequently , and its my pleasure to be drinking some of that famous monroe tea momma gloria makes every day .
i looked over the lawn , and back to ryan .
i stood up and hurried outside , where i looked over the front porch to the grassy lawn .
i went to the lawn , fell into the grass , and let its little hairs tickle my neck .
she threw her bike onto the asphalt , ambled across the lawn , and , without hesitation , positioned her neck against a window sill .
people stayed on our lawn for weeks ; they ate and held me , prayed and fed our family .
our kids bring us groceries , julian comes over to do the lawn occasionally .
i sneaked a quick phone call to julian , who was mowing the lawn at reggies .
the cabbie threw us out on her lawn .
i peeked outside to where the pristine lawn was covered in cars of all models and makes .
a wide picture window on the far left side that looked out over the lawn and the driveway , and the one on the back wall that faced the barns and unending , flat green fields beyond .
she nodded once , then garrett turned his horse and started across the lawn .
she tossed them behind her onto the porch and hurried barefoot across the front lawn .
and then he was racing across the lawn , his heart in his throat .
he ran across the lawn , releasing the animals into the corral and closing the gate before hurrying back to the blazing stable .
garrett glanced sideways at her as the horses turned side by side and started across the lawn , not toward what used to be the stable this time , but around the house , behind it and across the back lawn , as well , toward the sparse clusters of little trees scattered here and there .
garrett glanced sideways at her as the horses turned side by side and started across the lawn , not toward what used to be the stable this time , but around the house , behind it and across the back lawn , as well , toward the sparse clusters of little trees scattered here and there .
he had an inkling , but it was confirmed when wes stomped out the door , crossed the front lawn and stopped at the corral where the horses grazed .
kate raced across the front lawn in her slippers , and then across the street .
it was mr . niles , their neighbor , still in a suit , his tie undone as he walked across his own lawn .
outside , kids littered the front lawn , drinking , laughing .
she stepped from the trail out on to the lawn .
chirping crickets harmonized with the bullfrogs and lightening bugs blinked across the lawn .
having found a nice secluded spot behind a tree that was on the library lawn , michael set joan down on the ground gently .
he could see the great lawn and dark treetops .
phelps and a very bedraggled gavin returned with a grinning and well - satisfied mr . pugsley just in time for the scheduled lawn croquet tournament .
the front lawn had been set with a dozen different croquet courses , differentiated by variously colored wickets .
noticeably on the opposite side of the lawn .
we won our first three matches easily , ending up among the teams playing in the final on the white wicket course set up on the central lawn contained by the circular drive .
pink - and - green went rolling over the closely groomed lawn , through the wicket and into the blue - and - yellow ball .
christiana hopped from the bed and picked up a white lawn gown washed through with the palest pink and trimmed with roses about the hem and sleeves .
i looked up in the dark across the lawn and saw the manger going up in flames .
the grass lawn was wide and well kept , without the slightest sign of wear or damage .
chapter 30 waking up at 5:00 a.m. and unable to go back to sleep , lorenzo went outside where he mowed the lawn and then tended to the plants .
she greeted , trying to talk above the loud sound the lawn mower was making .
she 'd keep watch from her room and if she saw his car drive past , she 'd race across the lawn and climb through the hole in our connecting fences .
the residents of willow crescentof serendipity bend for that matterprided themselves on their manicured lawns and perfect hedges .
the houses get larger the further into the neighborhood we go , grander and more spaced out , with vast lawns and immaculate landscaping .
i usually hear lawn mowers in the back ground or that big old clock of yours in the foyer chiming every fifteen minutes .
three small cottages rimmed the perimeter of a spacious back yard of manicured lawn and flower beds .
light from one window on the second floor cast a faint glow on the lawn below then suddenly went out , throwing the yard into darkness .
peeking out cautiously , he left and hurried across the back lawn to the kitchen door .
perfect bodies with glowing skin lay out on lawn chairs around the olympic - sized pool .
gazing about , i saw my sister on her own lawn chair in her yellow swimsuit .
she went toward adele and her scandalously dressed posse and took a lawn chair two chairs away from them .
glancing away from the blondes eyes , i lay back down on my lawn chair .
this one stood out because there were happy children playing in the yard as they ran through water that sprayed out from a lawn sprinkler .
the well - kept lawn was covered with a layer of snow that glistened in the street lights .
no , these are messed up hammock lawn chairs attached to the plane , i inform him .
twenty hours in a suspended freakin lawn chair is going to be torture .
the bag he stuffed everything into is an army green duffel bag , like the one richard , my suspended - lawn - chair - buddy , and the other soldiers had on the flight over here .
through the windows he could see people milling about outside on the lawn in the mild february day .
she called it easter on the lawn and invited everyone she knew .
perhaps they needed to have another easter on the lawn this year he thought fiendishly .
` ` i am planning easter on the lawn .
he smiled to himself , it was good that his mom would host the easter on the lawn .
the writing was in script : mrs . lachlan macleod requests the honor of your presence for easter on the lawn easter sunday afternoon , 2:00 pm .
` ` or maybe this easter on the lawn thing . ''
` ` now listen , '' duncan said once they had gotten their food , ` ` i have been instructed by my mother to find out if you will be attending the easter on the lawn party .
as her eyes refocused to follow after chloe , abbey noticed that she knew most everyone milling about on the lawn .
she and her on - air partner peddled everything from cosmetics to lawn equipment to cruise packages , while entertaining the viewers with witty banter and surprise guests .
when my friend arrived in the church van , i handed over plastic lawn bags stuffed with the contents of roberts closet .
i moved to a lawn chair in the back yard , near mammas fragrant garden .
they have minivans and housekeepers , manicured lawns and manicured nails , those women .
he would be lucky to get one of the junk heaps on the lawn running long enough to drive to the school gym and back , and a tux would be out of the question .
he d seen her out mowing the lawn one day last week .
it was almost the end of march now , with spring a promise in the form of yellow and purple crocuses scattered on winter - browned front lawns or even peeking from the snow drifts that still lay on the ground in places .
he would one day build a house with electric baseboard heating due its quiet operation , would build a cooling tower due to its quiet cooling capabilities , would use a manual lawn mower if he had a lawn , would prefer an area of woods away from roads due to noise , would place his refrigerator in a separate room , or embed it in a well - insulated cupboard to soak up noise .
he would one day build a house with electric baseboard heating due its quiet operation , would build a cooling tower due to its quiet cooling capabilities , would use a manual lawn mower if he had a lawn , would prefer an area of woods away from roads due to noise , would place his refrigerator in a separate room , or embed it in a well - insulated cupboard to soak up noise .
with that , he loped off the porch and across the lawn .
i could feel eyeballs peeking from behind the dirt stained windows and stares from people sitting in their dollar store plastic lawn chairs with their paint - spotted jeans as they pointed toward me racing down the cracked asphalt of the decaying urban street .
icicle lights swayed from overhanging roofs , wooden reindeer statues nibbled front lawns , blow - up decorations dwarfed shrubs , and elaborate wreaths hung on doors .
the decorations dotted one half of a lawn in front of a two - unit condo .
i parked my jeep near agness side of the condo and hopped out , noticing for the first time that louise , the 80 - something - year - old receptionist at grayson investigations , stood on her own half of the condo lawn .
she let the bag of flamingoes and forks clunk to the lawn and pursed her wrinkled lips smeared with maroon gloss .
someone dyed the snow red and green , and they wrote merry christmas in huge letters across the lawn .
if i do nt want to celebrate christmas by plastering cheesy , cheap decorations all over my front lawn , i should nt have to .
her lawn again had been transformed .
her slack - jawed reaction to her lawn matched mine .
true , i said , remembering the swish of the smiths curtains and timmy next door mowing the lawn .
maybe he realized his game was up yesterday , and he wanted to end with a bang by transforming agness front lawn into a winter wonderland of mismatched decorations .
he fell backward on the lawn with a loud yelp .
at first i did nt realize what was wrong with her front lawn .
popcorn covered agness front lawn .
i walked deeper into the popcorn - covered lawn to check agness dining room window and confirm that my camera still collected footage safely behind the glass .
shed collected a couple bags off the lawn on her way to work , she said .
a collection of life - sized labradors wearing santa hats and vests and gripping plastic stockings in their teeth spread across her lawn .
but each had been secured to the lawn with three thin metal stakes , and some of the stakes took effort to remove .
louise wo nt walk on your side of the lawn .
i continued shooting photos as louise and her neighbors unwound roll after roll of tinsel , creating a grid pattern across agness lawn , draping bushes and tree limbs .
eric caught marissas gaze across the lawn .
chapter 5 to avoid staring across the lawn at eric , marissa concentrated on the girls .
a second later they sprinted across the lawn toward the bonfire pit .
they d been customers of richardsons landscape gardening and lawn care for three years and he did nt want to lose them .
caseys dad switched to gardening and mowing lawns for the folks with big bucks .
but this time parker did not drive to the gardens or the sheds or to the lawns around the pool or tennis courts .
his eyes waxed a shade of blue so deep they were almost like a lawn full of violets in the sun .
children 's toys littered the front lawn .
the woman sank down in a ratty lawn chair , the old - fashioned kind that had the nylon straps crisscrossed to make a seat , and pulled out a cell phone while the children played .
he scattered the tiny grass clippings across the lawn so they did n't settle in a clump , then pulled his laptop onto his lap .
three quarters of an hour later darcy emerged from between the tall decorative wrought iron gates that opened to the potager and headed back across the lawn towards the chateau .
darcy could envisage a lawn , flower beds and trees for children to play in , a large cherry tree with a swing , perhaps , on one sturdy bough and to possibly provide a home for the red squirrels to scamper up and store food in .
out of the light , patrick snapped , pushing her across the southern terrace away from the outdoor lamps set in the freshly mown lawn and towards the darkness of the trees , just far enough so you and i can finish our business .
he should be mowing my lawn , not playing drums .
i imagined myself seated at my desk in my own home , and a causal glance out the window would show me a shimmering lake or green lawn with waving grass .
it was like the smell of cut lawn , but sweeter and stronger .
pool water shimmered in the mid - afternoon sun and sprinklers watered the thick , luscious green lawns that would have put martha stewart to shame .
` ` it 's the source of most of the water for our lawn and well , and we so hoped to be able to funnel it through that nasty swamp and into our cistern . ''
the blue house had a neatly manicured lawn , white - picket fence , and lots of flowers .
the lawns were impressively manicured .
there is a small lawn edged with flower beds which leads around the side of the house , to the slope above the river .
we were already walking on the fresh lawn of the garden of quasar caf .
enjoying the early morning sun as you walk on the moist lawn by serpentine lake in hyde park is something you ca nt do in winter .
whatever you want , he turns to the others , how about a nice game of baseball on the front lawn ?
some still had their original front garden a handkerchief - sized piece of lawn enclosed by a low brick wall accessed by a wooden gate .
i was watering the front lawn .
half of the lawn was dry while the other half had a nice big muddy puddle .
yes , i over watered the lawn but that was it .
killin my lawn , gina walked to the faucet and turned it off .
he finally revealed it when i found a for sale sign jabbed into his front lawn .
i stayed in the car and stared at the two - story house with its nicely kept lawn .
if he wanted me to mow his front lawn in the nude , i would have done it .
this was the exact same feeling that i had when jerry was about to tell me why the for sale sign was jabbed into his front lawn .
my dad was standing outside watering his lawn .
i read the words that were staring at me on the screen , i was watering the front lawn .
they either pitched a tent there or sometimes brought lawn chairs and stared up at the stars .
well , james said , moving his head side to side as he said each word , if those two do nt kiss , you are still washing my car , my laundry , doing my housework and mowing my lawn for a month .
he stared up the long circular driveway that ran across the front lawn of his familys estate .
he was backing away , out the door , down the steps , across the stupid manicured lawn , as if he was entitled to a little weed - free patch of the world .
a hand drawn scarlet and black poster board sign on the lawn said , ` ` aztecs rule !
the rest of the house was so neat and tidy she was surprised to see a slightly overgrown lawn with even more overgrown bushes surrounding the boundary .
a winding pathway led through lush green lawns edged with winter flowering plants in all colours .
the gardens at the front were a little unkempt , just like the one at the rear that shed looked out on earlier and , like the house , they were stark and bare ; just lawns and driveway with no colour .
she continued through the front door , out to the lawn .
sinking into a lawn chair , kira watched old ladies and hip couples pick through her memories .
two plastic lawn chairs remained as reminders that summer had existed not long ago .
she watched his portly body waddle across the lawn until it disappeared completely .
the lawn extended to a tree line that marked the beginning of what looked like rolling hills and valleys of woodland .
a rake , a lawn mower .
agitation forced his wings to unfurl and stretch , casting a massive shadow on the lawn below .
for some people , the spot would have been perfect for a birdbath or a couple of lawn chairs .
the overgrown lawns ?
elijah made the jump after their quarry , yelping as his broken limb was jarred by his landing on the lawn .
elijah continued to give chase , despite the added agony of moving from lawn to unforgiving concrete .
in front of her stretched the wide lawn that fil ed the space between her designated parking spot and the entrance to her laboratory .
the day shined it 's beauty , not a cloud in the sky , and all she wanted to do was go home , pull out her lawn chair , a good book , and soak up the sun .
his ashes billowed over the yellowed , weed - infested lawn just as adrian slammed his fist into the frothing maw of a snarling vamp .
there were two flowering shrubs and a neatly mowed lawn .
there were no formal flower beds , no lawns , no cultivated patios or terraces ; instead it was a mass of bushes and brambles ready to trip the unwary in the dark .
as she strode past the fire station , two firemen sitting out front in a couple of lawn chairs nodded to her .
she 'd been getting ready to blow the grass off the walkway and drive ; the blower was sitting on the lawn .
` ` just like you 'd finish the lawn before you went out fishing ? ''
he thought of her frequently and sometimes in the strangest of situations - standing in a grocery store while selecting a packet of pork chops , stopped at a traffic light , mowing the lawn .
they ran real hot and cold - one day they were madly in love , and the next day she was throwing his clothes on the front lawn and telling him never to come back .
the lawn had all the markings of someone who enjoyed gardening .
they blocked his view of the lawn , and one look was enough to tell him they were thick enough to have kept missy from seeing the dog .
the path led to the tin - roofed shed where he kept his tools , his lawn mower , weed killer , a can of gasoline .
the rain over the previous couple of days had melted all the snow ; where i once saw lawns blanketed in white , i now saw the familiar brown of centipede grass , gone dormant over the winter .
the house party picnicked in the meadow , engaged in lawn bowling and archery , and enjoyed sparkling conversation over excellent evening meals .
she paused halfway across the freshly mowed lawn .
he did n't seem to realize she was standing on her front lawn with half the neighborhood looking on as she told him how much she loved him .
` ` cole , '' she cried , running across the lawn toward him .
she moved into the living room and watched as jeff strolled across the lawn to the driveway next door , where cole was busy rubbing liquid wax on the gleaming surface of his porsche .
apparently he said something , because jeff nodded , then walked over and sat cross - legged on the lawn .
jeff stared down at the lawn .
the dog was n't in evidence , either , and she could see jeff 's favorite baseball cap on the lawn .
` ` hi , mom , '' jeff called as he raced across the lawn between the two houses .
as she neared the house , she saw that cole was outside watering his lawn .
she smiled when she realized cole was outside , too ; he 'd just finished watering his lawn .
hey , mom , watch , '' he yelled as he tossed a ball across the lawn .
jeff almost jitterbugged across the front lawn in his enthusiasm .
they 'd walked past the rhododendrons and out onto a lawn that circled around the tennis court .
it was a smooth clipped lawn with a fence and a doghouse .
she inhaled deeply , and started walking across the lawn .
` ` the lawns in front of the washington monument would be a great spot . ''
since the chapel was only large enough to seat immediate family , simon and ariella 's vows were simultaneously broadcast to the gathered crowd of guests on the estate lawns and an eager viewing audience on both sides of the atlantic .
tables and chairs were arrayed across the rolling lawns , each decorated with fresh flowers , and , in a green touch that ariella especially loved , an assortment of beautiful tableware and linens borrowed and bought from collections , antique stores and markets , for a spontaneous yet luxurious , country garden picnic feel .
given the estate 's large size and the volume of the crowd , they decided that one band was n't enough , so in addition to the traditional orchestra , they had an african ensemble , a bluegrass band and a group of singers from the westminster abbey boys ' choir , who wandered the grounds serenading guests as they mingled on the lawns and nibbled delicacies at their tables .
the cheers had spread through the crowd and the final ` ` hooray '' boomed across the lawns like rolling thunder .
but it had a sweet white picket fence that surrounded the property , and the lawn looked freshly cut .
the trees had turned a golden orange and some leaves had already fallen to the lawn .
the smell of weed was in the air , and i noticed some blond chick passing a roach to one of the guys sitting in the lawn chairs by the fire .
colin sat up and looked across the poorly kept lawn of the rest stop .
` ` so starnes is out there to mow the lawn , '' she was saying .
to their right , a well - kept lawn stretched on down the hill toward a soybean field ( he 'd found out from starnes that they were soybeans ) .
at a picnic table on the lawn outside , four old women , all wearing broad , straw hats , were playing a card game .
she squirmed out headfirst , her skinny legs kicking slightly as she did a somersault onto the front lawn .
it was an approach that would work on homes , cars and lawn furniture .
the woman was working on the lawn below , painting a patio table with four matching chairs .
` ` chase is n't any better , '' lesley said , continuing with her watering efforts , now concentrating on her lawn .
his smile was tentative as his eyes fell on her watering the lawn .
her minuscule lawn was well past the point of being watered , but she persisted , drenching it .
towering douglas firs and cedars rimmed the carefully mowed lawn , protected the orchard from winter 's frozen breath .
his heart was clattering like a secondhand lawn mower as he reached for the phone .
you 're thinking that maybe you want a different life , filled with lawn mowers and block parties and little league .
chet whirled around to find a thin man standing on the front lawn , dressed in a robe and slippers , holding a flashlight .
no one was mowing their lawn .
it was , jeremy thought , sort of like staring at a woman who mowed her lawn in her bikini , the kind of spectacle impossible to ignore .
lawns , brown over the winter as the centipede grass lay dormant , began the slow , almost imperceptible turn toward emerald green , reaching their full color just as the dogwoods and azaleas blossomed .
the kitchen had been torn out ; shingles were piled on the front lawn , carpeting and a number of windows removed .
with two hundred people cramming together on the terrace , it took a while for anthony to locate his mother - particularly since it turned out that she was n't on the terrace at all but on the lawn below with winston , sarah and casper .
` ` not unless it was your idea to have lady rebecca shot on my lawn in front of everyone . ''
they started down the stairs leading to the lawn below .
` ` and i admire you for it , '' lady nuit said as they turned onto another graveled path , which would take them past some flowerbeds and to the opposite side of the lawn .
they 'd reached the far side of the lawn .
` ` come , '' he said as he guided her onto the lawn , the april grass springy beneath their feet .
the party was still going strong when lincoln fell asleep on a lawn chair around midnight .
she stood up from the lawn chair and walked across her parents ' deck , picking up dirty plastic cups , then setting them down again .
wide green lawns .
damien glanced up from his paperwork and saw gabrielle stroll out onto the patio , then stand looking out beyond the swimming pool , over the manicured lawn and lushly landscaped gardens .
a light breeze dipped palm fronds in the swimming pool , and flowers from the frangipani trees spread a blanket of white over a patch of lawn .
he wanted it so badly he had to turn his head away and look down over the cultivated lawns , lest his father see how much he wanted it .
now at twenty - five , a stylish ceremony on the sun - drenched lawn of the massive valente estate was more than lovely , but a marriage of convenience to a man who 'd never given her a moment 's thought was n't quite the same .
he stood looking out over the estate 's magnificent lawns and gardens deeply shadowed by the setting sun .
annalise and isabella walked together across the lawn toward him , hand in hand , while a string quartet played softly and a photographer worked discreetly in the background .
catching sight of the three of them , she gave her widest , most delighted grin and charged across the lawn .
robert opened his mouth to reply , but before he could his gaze shifted and locked onto something in the middle of the lawn .
but jordan was already gone , zigzagging over the lawn , dribbling the ball ahead of him .
with its hardwood floors , big spaces , wide lawns and sparkling pool , this was the ideal place for a boy to grow up .
she tried again that morning but was n't able to get past the gates and found a real estate sign on his front lawn .
he glanced at the well maintained lawn , which was due to be mowed , and the many flowers planted around and the white picket fence .
the home was certainly a show piece , with its immaculately manicured lawns .
a green lawn stretched to where i stood on the narrow porch , broken only by the occasional inground planter bursting with purple , yellow , and pink flowers .
i frowned down at the lawn and wondered if i 'd stepped on a small animal .
would i lead her to the garden , pull her down onto the lawn with me , and make her listen ?
` ` like , we 'll mow you lawn , paint your house , take out the trash , wash your car , stuff like that . ''
bella gestures towards the glass door leading out onto the lawn .
we followed her out a back door , across a patio , and down to the lawn where they were currently setting up for the wedding .
a sea of tables draped in crystal and silver and more tiffany blue covered the lawn area .
i squeezed his hand and took a step forward , moving from the solid concrete of the patio to the soft , sodden mess of the lawn .
the sound seemed to linger , reverberating across the sand and up over the lawn before being swallowed by the hulking mass of the hotel .
bennett and i apologized quietly and ducked out of the kitchen and to the edge of the veranda , watching our guests begin to collect near the disaster of the lawn , taking appetizers from passing waitstaff .
i ' m about two seconds from pulling you into the bathroom and forcing you onto your knees , so if you blow up at me or flip out about the dress or ring or the flooded lawn now , you will only convince me you need a dick in your mouth , and you 'll completely derail the agenda for our wedding day : pictures , dancing , food , dancing , cake , long hard f**king .
the murky water is also lapping at the front edge of my lawn , watery fingers that are even now trying to grab at more ground , moving quickly toward absorbing everything between the road and my house .
around his pool , in his hot tub , on his lawn .
it takes a minute to weave discreetly through the masses of people scattered through the house and to make my way across the lawn and onto the stones leading to the pool .
he yelps and i toss him on the ground , watching in satisfaction as he scrapes his face on the stone bricks before he rolls into the lawn .
` ` down by eighty - seventh street , '' she answers , staring out the window as we roll down my brother 's driveway past the manicured lawns .
the car 's engine purrs as we make our way toward the gates , and casually i glance to the side , expecting to see the green lawns , trees , and shadows of my brother 's estate .
the handkerchief - sized front lawn is encircled by a short metal fence , and daffodils line the front sidewalk .
but by the time the chartered helicopter lands on the front lawn and we board , jacey 's eyes are excited and amused ... and they tell me more about her than i really want to know .
i stand at her gate , smiling as i stare at her tiny lawn .
when we pull up to his parents ' house , there 's a red , yellow , and black hot air balloon set up on their lawn .
meghann finally released her breath as she crossed the busy street and stepped up onto the grassy lawn of the waterfront park .
as soon as they 'd gotten their luggage from the car , they raced across the expanse of lawn , past the boat - rental shed , and plunged into the trees .
and yardbirds - they mow lawns for the vacation rentals . ''
her best friends had spilled out of the car and run across the lawn , laughing , holding two big jugs of margarita mix .
the money he 'd made last week mowing lawns had all but disappeared .
quaint wood - framed houses sat on impeccably trimmed lawns , one after another for a few blocks , and then the signs of inhabitation grew sparse .
it was that time of year when , for a few weeks , the lawns in town would turn brittle and brown .
a gravel walkway cut through a perfectly shorn lawn .
night turned the thick lawn jet - black .
meghann gazed at the black velvet lawn of edgar peabody riverfront park .
she rammed her panty hose into her handbag and ran barefoot across the lawn , then slipped quietly into the darkened house .
in the backyard , a rooster strutted across the lawn ; hens clucked along behind .
meghann helped claire out of the car and down the grassy lawn to the silvery wooden dock that cut into the blue water .
jamie sighed , staring out the window at a robin hopping across the lawn .
he was n't the type of man who would pull the lawn mower out of the garage and take it for a spin around the yard .
it was hard to get two words in with all the laughter and stories being passed around the large picnic tables set up on the massive lawn .
with her resolve set , emily pulled her gaze from the window where mark and trevor were rolling around on the lawn with the ever - growing puppies .
by the time the chopper landed fifteen minutes later on the lawn behind the anderson mansion , chad was filled with unbelievable rage .
and he 'd felt it knit together again - with more pain - before he 'd made it across the lawn to the house to tell his mother .
the fast - food joints , the businesses , the ass - to - elbow houses gave way to bigger lawns , bigger homes , and to fields sleeping under the dreary sky .
there was n't a lawn , so to speak , and she thought hawkins had been smart to go with the thick mulch and shrubs and trees skirting the front instead of the traditional grass that would probably be a pain in the ass to mow and keep clear of weeds .
in fact , until espn became desperate to fill in the late - night time slots between professional lawn darts and reruns of australian - rules football , turkey bowling was a completely clandestine sport , relegated to the dark athletic basement of mailbox baseball and cow tipping .
i joined her and handed her the glass , savoring the warm sunshine against my skin , the sound of birds in the distance along with the swish , swish of the sprinkler watering the lawn .
as soon as they got close , luke and john tore off across the freshly mowed lawn toward the play equipment .
the boys can go on a dig , if that wo n't damage your daughter 's lawn or garden .
courtney walked across the lawn and hurried up the steps to the dorm .
as she moved across the lawn to her father 's grave , she remembered his casket being lowered into the ground .
susannah stood , feeling stiff and uncomfortable , on the freshly watered lawn .
god only knows what might ' ve happened if that guy had n't been mowing the lawn . ''
as soon as he saw that grady was in good hands , he went back to mowing the lawn and took off shortly afterward . ''
tucked against the foothills , it had a lush green lawn that sloped down from the tree line into a soft meadow .
it had to be the lawn guy .
the first thing she saw as she crossed the lawn was the display of flowers that marked the site - a display that was similar to the one she 'd seen earlier , with roses again and peonies instead of lilacs .
the pool was at one end , with lawn and trees at the other .
the house was small , the lawn green and well maintained .
she would have collapsed onto the freshly mowed lawn if joe had n't grabbed her waist and kept her upright .
` ` you do n't know the hell i went through when i was assigned lawn care at the mill and then later at your home .
the lawn and yard were meticulously groomed .
surely jacqueline needed only to cross the lawn and knock on the door .
` ` i thought that while i was here i 'd mow the lawn , '' jordan told her .
` ` getting the lawn mowed is the least i can do . ''
after they 'd finished their tea , jordan mowed the lawn over sarah 's objections and clipped the hedge , while alix tackled the flower beds , weeding and cultivating the soil .
the front lawn had recently been mowed and alix could see a thin line of smoke spiraling from the backyard .
susan had prebaked the spareribs and while alix set the outdoor table , larry and jordan stood on the lawn by the barbecue .
the outdoor lighting revealed a sweeping , verdant lawn and , closer to the house itself , an arrangement of flower beds filled with tulips of all colors , daffodils and delicate narcissus .
the yard needed some serious attention ; the flower beds sprouted weeds and a lone rosebush struggled for survival , choked off by the encroaching lawn .
a lush green lawn sloped from the restaurant down to the waterfront , bordered by rows of blooming perennials .
he sat at the kitchen table , lingering over his coffee before he headed out to mow the lawn .
by the time we returned home , the lawn had been mowed .
she took a shortcut across the lawn and ran up the steps to harvey 's place .
i found a spot and sat down on the lawn , legs stretched out , and balanced the paper plate on my thighs .
patrick sat on the lawn with his wife , melanie , and when he saw me he gestured that i should join them .
` ` it 's so good to see you , '' melanie said as i lowered myself onto the lawn .
i trusted him , '' she said , gazing down at the lawn .
macy whirled around to find him sitting on a lawn chair .
macy sat cross - legged on the lawn .
she stepped over the fence again and reclaimed her place on the lawn next to harvey .
sighing , macy plopped down on the lawn next to harvey and fanned out her skirt .
i carried the folding lawn chair next to harvey and sat down .
it was a victorian building in the middle of the city , with five acres of manicured gardens and lawns .
i released her , and she ushered the few stragglers onto the lawn .
people milled about on their lawns , in the street , in various states of dress and undress .
this part of houston was lovely enough , as wealth could buy manicured lawns and perfect nearby walking parks .
` ` just the other day , grant was talking about how he needed someone to maintain the lawns around the houses and tune up the atvs and handle the paintball guns .
it looked like a real lawn .
one of his jobs growing up had been mowing the lawn .
this was one of the gracious , older homes right on the river , lawn sweeping down to the rocky bank .
the lawn was spongy and damp , and her feet sank into the earth as she walked toward the grave .
her best friend 's mother sat on the outer edge of a semi - circle of lawn chairs , with a blanket spread in front of her .
mack reveled in the sense of peace and companionship he felt as they both worked quietly ; he seeded bare portions of the lawn and she cleaned every window and wiped down every sill .
the windows gleamed from their washing , the lawn was greening and the garden - vegetables and flowers - now looked like a real garden .
linc and lori sat on lawn chairs beside them .
will jefferson , her son , hoofed it up the last part of the steep street and across the lawn .
accompanied by a cameraman , jack headed in their direction , his ever - present raincoat billowing out from his sides as he strode across the lawn .
where she 'd once tended zucchini and tomatoes had long since been transformed into lawn .
hurrying across the lawn , she kissed him lightly on the cheek .
now it was grace who dragged the garbage can out to the curb , grace who struggled with the lawn mower and edge trimmer , grace who read the fine print at the bottom of the car insurance policy - and she hated it .
the leaves on the oak tree were turning deep autumn shades and had started to litter the front lawn .
` ` do you want to build a snowman on the courthouse lawn ? ''
she saw bob pull the riding lawn mower out of the garage .
bob rode past her on the lawn mower with a quick wave , and peggy continued to water her garden , but a pang went through her .
her husband must have seen the patrol car at the same time peggy did because he cut the engine and climbed off the lawn mower .
the sheriff , who was probably a little heavier than he should be , took a moment to hike up his pants and adjust his gun before heading across the lawn to meet bob .
some couples shared a song or a favorite movie ; charlotte and ben had their own patch of lawn in waterfrontpark .
samuels broke eye contact first , glancing around at the large two - story house with its brilliant green lawn and flower beds vibrant with color .
he paused , looking at her pointedly , and chloe waved at the lawn and busy campus beyond .
satisfied that chloe was safe for the moment , jake stepped outside , lowered the doorstop to keep the door open and moved to the shade of a walnut tree several yards across the lawn .
sprinklers arced sprays of water across green lawns and children played at a corner city park .
chloe pointed to a tidy bungalow , set well back on a neat square of lawn with flower borders edging the walk .
the lawn , sidewalk and the street beyond were quiet in the warm sunshine .
sirens screamed ; police cars and fire trucks drove across the lawn to join the campus police and surround the building .
` ` i think i 'll mow the lawn , '' he said as though nothing had happened .
joseph lowered her to the lawn , and katie started eagerly toward jon .
leif shouted , dashing across the freshly cut lawn .
the lawn was well cared for and lined with flowering bushes .
she tossed the last of the bread onto the lawn , then shooed the birds away .
he parked and walked over the damp green lawn to the gravesite .
i do n't think the lawn 's been mowed in months .
she remembered 204 rosewood lane a year ago , with its pristine lawn , thriving flower garden and new paint job .
there was a manger scene on the front lawn .
linc walked up the steps leading to the front door while his brothers stood out on the lawn .
ned called from the lawn .
on the front lawn , pitchforks and shovels in hand , stood peggy , corrie and faith .
they 'd emptied the truck bed ; boxes of annuals and perennials lay spread about the lawn .
he started digging , shoveling up lawn and dirt to create new flower beds .
surely she would be happier in idris , or in some country house , watching her children run over green lawns and not worrying constantly about the fate of all shadowhunters .
beyond the gates , a sweeping lawn holding lush specimen trees lined the flagstone drive .
in the photographs in the magazine , there were kids on the lawn , tossing frisbees to one another and trying to use hula hoops , others playing badminton and croquet .
i expected to be at home , staring up at my own ceiling , listening to the sound of old mr . lundgren 's lawn mower .
the green lawn shows through in big , irregular patches .
now , in the winter , the lawns are dead and brown , as are the trees .
by the time i reach the sidewalk , the sun is breaking through the clouds , gilding the grassy lawn .
they withstood gray days and springy lawns and dwindling ways to make a living , and remained through it all the sons and daughters of the pioneers who 'd first dared to live among the towering trees .
oh , the trees were still dressed in their party colors and the lawns were green again after the brown days of late summer , but no mistake could be made : winter was coming .
on the corner of wheaton way and cates avenue stood the police station , a squat gray - stone building with a cupola on top and a flagpole on the grassy lawn out front .
a line cate fully intended to use on the twins when they were older was one she 'd heard her mother shout at patrick after listening to him whine for an hour because he had to mow the lawn : ` ` do you think i carried you for nine months and suffered through thirty - six hours of agonizing labor to bring you into this world so you could sit on your butt ?
( ret out there and mow that lawn !
the background was suburban : brick house , lawn , trees .
as i remember , i turned handsprings on the lawn . ''
` ` the first thing they saw when we got home was the riding lawn mower , '' her mother continued .
cate could remember riding with her father on the lawn mower , and she got a mushy feeling around her heart knowing that now he was doing that with her children .
` ` milly 's sitting on your back lawn .
` ` cal needs something to wear , '' she called out to the people gathered on her lawn .
she stood on a rolling green lawn , with fragrant grass soft beneath her feet .
his view of the front parking lot was n't great , but he had a clear shot of the lawn where the carnival was going to be held - where al the action would be happening today .
isabelle ran across the lawn and down the street with her glossy hair flying out behind her .
she slid down the gently sloping lawn on her sled , squealing as she zoomed past him .
instead his jaw clenched as he maintained his immobile stance by one of the giant oak trees on his expansive lawn .
as they strode past the tree line and onto the lawn , knox stood and over a dozen of his pack emerged from the inky darkness .
he gently held her against him and stalked across the lawn for the house .
she would work in the garden , mow the lawn , wash the car , maybe even go swimming .
the thick green lawn , still damp from an afternoon downpour , glittered in the fading sunlight .
she raced across the squishy carpet of lawn .
she flipped her hood up and walked across the squishy carpet of lawn , trying to avoid the pretty mushrooms .
an acre of neatly tended lawn bordered by banks of flowers spilling color and scent lay in front of the truly impressive manor .
she walked across his office and looked out the window behind his desk at the sweep of lawn that seemed to stretch all the way to the mountains .
children raced each other across manicured lawns and a couple of elderly guests sat on a padded iron bench beneath a gorgeous cluster of aspen trees .
i wanted to know if you approved the design for the gala 's setup on the main lawn . ''
` ` sure , '' he said , heading to a less crowded part of the lawn .
josh asked park as they cut through the front lawn .
the houses were starting to look familiar - big gray and white clapboard houses set far back on their lawns .
tate knelt on her front lawn near her dad 's bronco , and i stopped dead in my tracks at the sound of her delighted and uncontrollable giggle .
even my own neighborhood , which usually brought me comfort with its familiarity and clean cut lawns , felt barren and void of life .
madman and i had just finished a walk and then collapsed on my front lawn after some man - to - man combat involving his teeth and my gloved hand .
my voice floated like silk across the lawn and straight between her legs .
the square , green lawns looked jagged around the edges now , the green less vibrant .
yanking off my helmet , i charged down the lawn , cutting them off before they got any closer .
madoc had already dumped the first guy , bloodied and unconscious , over by the car and was now stepping over to get the other one off my lawn .
a large stone plaque stood planted in the middle of the dead lawn , and luce remembered from the web site the words pauline dormitory chiseled into it .
now luce 's eyes locked with those of one of the girls across the lawn .
she was eager to stay on this girl 's good side and wanted to put out the be - my - friend vibe way more than she wanted to seem like she actually cared about how often someone mowed the lawn at sword and cross .
` ` people who are chronically tardy never understand the many ways in which they screw up the schedules of people who are punctual and normal , '' penn told luce as they splashed through a particularly soggy portion of the lawn .
luce sloshed to a halt just before she 'd have landed in a scarily muddy patch on the lawn .
coach diante and the albatross were on lawn duty and had set up two plastic lawn chairs and a sagging umbrella at the edge of the commons .
coach diante and the albatross were on lawn duty and had set up two plastic lawn chairs and a sagging umbrella at the edge of the commons .
aside from when they ashed their cigarettes on the lawn , they could have been asleep behind their dark sunglasses .
she scowled at roland as she guided a man who looked old enough to be her grandfather , patting his elbow as they walked toward a row of lawn chairs set up around the open field .
coach diante will supervise a series of family - friendly races out here on the lawn .
light sifted down through the branches of the oaks behind the gym , casting dappled shadows on the lawn that led to the lake .
this lawn was bordered on three sides by thick blue hydrangea bushes , and on the fourth by the steep , straight drop into the sea .
the terrace was lled with whitewashed iron lawn furniture and about a hundred of the most laid - back - looking students luce had ever seen .
kids were reading the paper , gabbing on cell phones , playing croquet on the lawn .
it had been built in the middle of a shady pocket of redwoods , so its steep , triangular roof and the vast open lawn in front of it were covered with a blanket of fallen needles .
dawn called across the lawn , waving to an older man who was standing at the foot of the stairs .
crossing the lawn to the dorm , luce had to shade her eyes .
ms . fisher 's squinty eyes were already looking past them , searching the crowded lawn .
the lawn shuddered , and then a clean seam of earth -- the length of the backyard and a few feet wide -- split wide open .
cam called from the lawn , nodding at shelby brie y before bashing an arrow into an outcast girl 's skull .
among the dirty shadows of luce 's dad 's tools , lawn mower , and old sporting equipment , shelby crawled over to luce .
he swung the kayak behind his body , as if it were a baseball bat , and batted molly clear across the lawn .
the younger vicar 's eyes swept across the green , found luce 's at the edge of the lawn , and brightened .
luce looked around at her sleepy neighborhood , at the morning paper sitting in its dewy plastic bag at the edge of her parents ' lawn , at the old , netless basketball hoop in the johnsons ' driveway across the street .
the house was an anomaly : luce studied its thatched roof , the gabled gate at the edge of a weed - ridden lawn , the arched wooden asym - metrical front door , all of which made the house look as if it belonged in the middle ages .
afterward , all the angels stood together on the lawn and flexed their wings , glad to be out in the crisp air again .
luce gasped , but then daniel pointed behind her , to the other side of the foundation 's lawn .
` ` when you open it , if there 's a fire , '' luce said , remembering the way the woman walking her dog blinked out of existence for a moment while she crossed the foundation 's front lawn , ` ` what will happen to the houses , to the people on the street ? ''
roland waved his hand , and the hole where the library had stood became a volcano spewing flames and lava rivers through the lawn .
just as a tornado of hot , flame - laden air swirled through the yard , swallowing a hundred scale and lifting them into its blazing core , car - ouseling them across the lawn .
arriane stood away from the group , in a darkened corner of the enclosed plateau , kicking a pile of rocks as if trying to start a lawn mower .
` ` cut the lawn or carried out the trash ? ''
they were seated at the breakfast table which looked out onto a patio and the back lawn .
the setting was perfect - rolling green lawns , brick buildings , kids everywhere with backpacks .
if they had n't stood there on the edge of the great lawn , holding this little bit of each other , long after the danger had passed .
simon caught his breath and looked around the lawn .
basil strode across the lawn toward simon , brushing the silver from his black cloak .
if nick had said martians were landing on the south lawn of the capitol , terry probably would n't have looked more surprised .
mom was busy making casseroles ; dad was probably mowing the lawn .
the grassy lawn rolled down toward the water .
paxton held her hand and led her down the grassy lawn to a secret cavelike part of the structure .
weedless lawns stretch up to painted porches , and well - maintained hedges make for good neighbors .
the snow is beginning to stick ; a white sheen dusts the grassy lawns and concrete benches .
rancho flamingo , it was called , a horseshoe plan of ranch - style houses set on identical lots , with green , well - tended lawns out front .
the lawn was perfect and green - even greener than the grass surrounding the patch .
i backed up , walking on the snow - covered lawn rather than risk the sidewalk .
unlike where pristine white snow lay in drifts , slushy gray puddles lined the streets and dirty patches dotted the lawns .
i saw the sign on the lawn . ''
julia was in between customers when rachel called her cell phone , so she asked one of her co - workers to cover for her and walked out to the front lawn so as not to disturb anyone .
he left the car running and tore across the lawn .
when she limped back to her window , she saw simon lying on the front lawn .
it was situated on a very small lot , with a tiny fringe of lawn that separated the front of the house from the sidewalk .
taking another long sip , she gazed out over the lawn .
when opened , they led out onto the large expanse of lawn just beyond .
the sunlight from the rear lawn poured in from the french doors displaying their ardor to any hapless passerby .
some sat on benches like she did , the females reading or working on needlepoint , the gentlemen standing nearby on the lawn .
taking a deep breath , she burst from the kitchen door , ran across the unkempt lawn , and plunged into the cover of trees .
a gravel pathway bordered low yew hedges , which in turn bordered a lush center lawn and impressive fountain .
it was bordered by the same low , perfectly shaped yew hedges that surrounded the lawn and fountain , and it was presently unoccupied .
instead , they had a flat , brutally trimmed lawn that made stealthy approach of the manse impossible .
a small fountain and a neatly trimmed , tiny lawn were the only other items in the space .
only low - lying flowerbeds alleviated the stark severity of the spacious lawn .
he joined her , the lawn to his back , she to his side .
amelia was nearly to the french doors that led to the rear terrace and the lawn beyond that when she was caught in a crushing embrace and restrained .
they bowed again , then quit the lawn , both men heading in the separate directions their lives would now take them .
` ` on the rear lawn . ''
he reached the rear lawn and saw a handful of servants running to and fro with sloshing buckets of water from the stables .
once the water was flowing steadily into the house , simon risked a glance toward the lawn and saw lysette standing with two other women , watching him from behind the crimson mask .
emma looked out over the large well - maintained lawn and flower beds .
children 's toys littered the lawn surrounding a bigger - than - life blow - up snowman that was anchored to the ground .
the still - green lawns of volunteer park showed in the distance and she pretended to be absorbed in their beauty .
i stood by the windows , looking out over the broad expanse of well - manicured lawn , the trees casting long shadows in the twilight .
she called , struggling to make her legs carry her in the direction of the house , where cade had appeared on the front lawn .
the respite from the hard physical work she 'd been doing made her feel like doing cartwheels on the lawn .
only when he was absolutely certain he was n't being followed , did he walk through the small open iron gate that decoratively bisected the manicured lawn of the hotel from the dusty public road .
a wide expanse of lawn took over from the flower beds and ran all the way to the chain link fence .
hummers , magnums , jeeps , and vans , their headlights angled in every direction as they covered the lawn in a broad pattern .
he stood by the window , looking out at the rear lawn .
chapter eighteen emily opened her parasol , twirling it slightly between her fingers as she scanned the lawn behind cunningham house .
` ` oh ... '' veronica remarked , noticing the couple that were just now crossing the lawn with one another .
drawing the cloak tightly about her shoulders , she made her way across the lawn .
then he 'd kick back in a rickety - looking lawn chair , ice chest on the ground next to him and wait .
she hurried inside and filled a pitcher of water and then went back out where he was now sitting in one of the lawn chairs .
` ` the usual horseshit - flaming crosses on the lawns , egged windows , nasty notes . ''
luckily , grace had n't added any lawn ornaments lately , or i 'd be flat on my face in the grass , skewered by a grinning ceramic gnome .
` ` john eton , '' he says , and glances at our house , taking in the boarded up windows , the overgrown lawn .
they said they were prepared to do anything - drive carpool , grocery shop , mow the lawn .
hot tears welled up behind her eyes as she stormed down the porch steps and across the lawn .
but when i closed my eyes i saw little blond girls and dark - headed boys frolicking on a lawn circled by a white picket fence .
` ` ... launched his eventually multi - billion dollar company as a teenager , first headquartered in a dilapidated frat house with red cups scattered all over the lawn . ''
` ` i 'd like to point out that i ' m pretty sure that 's just been added to this anecdote for color , the cups on the lawn were not necessarily integral to his success .
as i do , i glance down at the lawn behind the house and i freeze .
there is someone lying on the lawn , out in the cold and wind .
jill is on your lawn . ''
realization finally crosses his face and he lunges from bed , and we both run to the back lawn .
i made my way over to the side of the fence where parents were sitting on lawn chairs and watching .
haley 's father set the little girl down on the lawn and headed up the path with that same loose - jointed gait that marked his younger brother .
she unfolded all 5 feet 10 inches of her body from the lawn chair and tossed her farrah fawcett do for effect .
then she and kenny snagged a couple of lawn chairs about fifteen feet from where tulane was sitting .
he yanked the man back , whirled him around , and gave him a hard shove backward that sent him sprawling into a lawn chair , which promptly collapsed underneath him .
they all went up to the picnic pavilion built on the lawn .
since the cooking was done , granddaddy was resting in a lawn chair talking with old mr . jessup when she found him .
he pulled her up into his lap and sat the both of them down in the lawn chair .
he rushed down the aisle and out onto the small lawn in front of city hall .
` ` i ' m sorry , '' lark said as she crossed the lawn , ` ` but i need the truth . ''
` ` you know how to work a lawn mower ? ''
i was twelve when i came to live in this house , and i was required to mow the lawn .
he jogged back across the lawn and hopped up onto the porch , immediately invading savannah 's space .
he stopped at the edge of nita 's lawn .
he stepped up onto the lawn , conscious of the ghost waiting behind him .
a moment later , bubba lockheart came huffing up the street carrying a lawn chair and a video camera .
he offered her his hand , and she let him pull her up out of the lawn chair .
he stood up from the lawn chair he 'd been using when she reached the tent 's shade .
a dozen blue - haired church ladies in lawn chairs had their mouths hanging open .
people had already started turning up with lawn chairs , coolers , and thermoses filled with coffee and probably other beverages .
she unfolded her lawn chair as it occurred to her that todd was n't the only one with new friends .
and just then dash came striding across the lawn like mr . darcy , only with cowboy boots .
pine needles and cones made a soft russet carpet on the front lawn and perfumed the night air .
dimitri pulled into the driveway of a cute brick house with a perfectly trimmed lawn .
lissa was cutting across the court 's lawns , marching like someone going to a funeral .
i actually heard the roar from outside on the lawn before it started within .
its only distinctive farm feature was the assortment of small animals scattered across its lawn and the rocky hill beside it .
just before dominic stepped through the large double doors and into the house 's interior , the mood was broken by the sound of two helicopters landing on the grass of the lawn on the opposite side of the house .
so , who is on the front lawn ? ''
she pointed to the security that was scattered across the perimeter of lawn .
only this family would own 34 acres of choice real estate property and adorn its pristine front lawn with a variety of tricycles and gym sets .
she chased him around two parked cars , but he snuck past her and took off across the sloped grass lawn .
kayla , mark 's wife , joined everyone on the front lawn a moment later .
three andrade men and one corisi sat on the large patio that overlooked acres of freshly cut lawn .
if he does n't find something soon , he 's going to have to start up his lawn business again or he wo n't be able to pay his college loans .
jake said as lil parked her car in front of the lawson 's home in a typical , working class neighborhood with manicured lawns and children riding their bikes on the sidewalks .
immense air - conditioned tents covered the lawn and led to a discrete area that would allow the couple to marry with the ocean as a backdrop to their ceremony .
chapter fourteen after dinner , the guests spilled out onto the patio and lawn .
there was a problem last year when people tried to hold places in line - a problem that quickly turned into people smacking each other with rolled - up flobie catalogs , throwing cookie tins , stomping on each other 's lawn chairs , and dumping lukewarm cocoa on each other 's santa claus - hatted heads .
after a fast if reckless three miles to mcdonald 's , we ordered seven large french fries to share and then went outside and sat on the lawn .
we lay upon the lawn , and counted more than sixty meteors within the space of an hour , at least a dozen very bright , with a visible tinge of blue or green .
he had n't remembered that night at all , until the casual record brought it back : cool damp from the lawn seeping through his clothes , excitement overcoming the pull of sleep and the longing for his warm bed .
his vision cleared , eyes watering - but he saw neither the paddock , the wagon whose wheel he grasped , nor the house and lawns beyond .
glimpsing sister eudoxia sitting in a wicker elbow chair on the lawn , wrinkled eyelids closed against the sun like a lizard 's , he 'd wondered what claire would have said of the lady 's condition .
a good - sized lawn spread out before the house , a gardener pushing a heavy roller over it with no perceptible enthusiasm , and the gardens themselves had a dull , prosperous gleam to their leaves , wet with the drizzling rain .
hastily , he reviewed his strategy as he followed siverly 's broad back across the freshly rolled lawn .
it was true ; the lawns spread a stately distance before and behind , and edging the back lawn were terraces of roses and other flowering bushes , with a walled garden to the left that was likely the kitchen garden ; grey saw what looked like espaliered fruit trees poking up above the plastered wall .
it was true ; the lawns spread a stately distance before and behind , and edging the back lawn were terraces of roses and other flowering bushes , with a walled garden to the left that was likely the kitchen garden ; grey saw what looked like espaliered fruit trees poking up above the plastered wall .
siverly had already reached the lawn and was forging up it to the house , making the occasional furious gesture en route .
just as grey rose to his feet , twelvetrees himself came out of the house and , looking out across the lawn , saw grey at the summerhouse .
he walked across the lawn toward the folly , rehearsing what to say - and thinking what to do next if his reasoning did not move siverly .
there was a knot of people standing on the lawn , most of them gesticulating .
at a distance , sitting on a lawn with that chorus as background , watching the stars come out , the sound might be no more than a pastoral , the song of spring .
these revived abruptly , though , when they found the gate shut but not locked and , passing through , saw a glimmer of light on the distant lawn .
they approached the house cautiously , skirting the lawn and keeping to the shrubberies , but there was no sign of any servants or watchmen being on the premises .
grey glanced to and fro , and then , feeling self - consciously dramatic , stepped out onto the lawn .
no dog barked , no voice called out demanding to know his purpose , but still he walked gingerly , footfalls soundless on the untidy lawn .
the drive was long and winding , but as they came into the last turn , he saw several well - bundled figures taking the air on the lawn , all women : lady dunsany and isobel , and with them a couple of maid - servants .
the wet blanket had slipped off her shoulders and puddled round her , and he saw with a pang that she was wearing a nightdress of sheer lawn , with broderie anglaise inserts and pale pink ribbon at the neck .
pristine manicured lawns with soaring pines delineating an endless paved drive .
guthrie was resting on a couch , gazing out a window that took in a one - eighty - degree view of a back lawn that presented more like a state garden .
we lounged on a blanket on the expansive lawn in front of the eiffel tower , her lying in the warm sun and me quietly reading beside her .
with that thought in mind , once she arrived home she put her financial worries on hold and got out the lawn mower to give her yard a trimming .
besides , now that the panic had cleared , he suddenly recal ed george 's body lying out on the lawn .
shaking his head at what else his brother might have done while he was gone , richard hurried through the office and back onto the lawn .
` ` i felt a draft as i passed the library , opened the door to see that the french doors were wide open , went in to close them and saw something lying on the lawn .
i glimpse a few debrained corpses on our neighbours ' green lawns , but i 'd like to imagine our hosts got out alive .
now we 're on the ground , sitting on a sunny green suburban lawn .
weeping willow trees surrounded the edges of the sloping lawn almost as in protection .
a lush green lawn hugged the drive and led up to the house , then sprawled out for acres in cheery abandon .
she shivered and looked at the pile of cars already lined up on the lawn .
garrett mowed the lawn while jeb unpacked the wedding china he seldom , if ever , used anymore and washed the dishes by hand .
franco and mathe were kicking a soccer ball around on the lawn below .
fresh footprints marred the snow at the base of the tree 's trunk , then dotted the white lawn in a beeline to the busy st . james street .
must come from rifling through someone 's undies , jane reasoned as she ran a finger along the lace trim at the neck of the fine lawn garment .
her hands slowed as she undid the buttons on the fine white lawn , exposing more and more of his chest as the fabric parted .
wednesday they 'd gone on a picnic on the shores of lake washington , where rush had lain on the sweet - scented lawn , resting his head on her thigh while he nibbled on a long blade of grass .
without the least bit of hesitation , she came flying across the lawn .
she 'd stood on the front porch as he walked across the lawn to his car .
brand smoothed out the gray navy - issue blanket on the lawn and set the wicker basket in the center of it .
` ` what 's that for sale sign doing on the front lawn ? ''
` ` oh , i know , '' ralph said in a smooth southern drawl that caused catherine to think of antebellum homes with wide sweeping lawns and warm pecan pie fresh from the oven .
several had brought lawn chairs and blankets , and it looked as if they 'd been camped there a good long while .
then , stepping off the porch , once again with slow and strained movements , he crossed the parsonage lawn and entered the old white church .
bright orange , gold and brown leaves blanketed the sloping lawn , and the skeletal limbs of the two chestnut trees that ruled the front yard rose toward the deep blue sky .
rona gripped her friends ' hands and blinked back tears as harry , dressed in a dark gray tux , walked across an emerald lawn and took his place next to the minister in front of a makeshift altar .
he was very clear that he never wanted a lawn to mow or a basketball hoop to install over the garage .
lex and dante had taken turns mowing her lawn in exchange for stories of marilyn monroe , jean harlow , and betty grable .
did her lawn guy quit ? ''
in the lawn and garden department they 'd found a serious - looking tank - and - wand arrangement that would substantiate the exterminator disguise .
and if she wanted to simply sit on a lawn chair for the whole summer , reading the classics she 'd missed , she could do that , too .
they made their weaving , unsteady way up the bank and across the grassy lawn , stepping around the bodies of their passed - out classmates .
moonlight illuminated the waves and turned the grassy lawn blue .
dew sparkled on the dense green lawn and on the stone patio .
the cemetery was a rolling landscape of manicured lawn studded with the decorations of death : headstones , monuments , stone benches .
the lawn melted down toward the silvery ribbon of a salmon stream .
she looked like kate moss at fifty - after a lawn - mower attack .
it sounded like the roar of a lawn mower .
annie tucked her purse under her arm and slowly crossed the squishy wet lawn , climbing the white porch steps .
long after she 'd driven away , nick remained on the edge of the lawn , staring down the darkened road .
annie followed izzy across the squishy lawn and stood beside the child .
she 'd said , oh , yes , daddy , but they 'd never had a picnic , not on the lawn or anywhere else ... ...
` ` maybe when the weather warms up , we could have a picnic on the lawn .
it was an imposing building of hand - cut gray stone , fronted by dozens of double - hung windows and placed squarely in the middle of a flat green lawn .
jet - black crows hopped across the lawn , cawing loudly to one another , and used the driveway as a landing strip .
she stared across the blackened lawn at nick .
izzy got a flashing glimpse of white wings , and she heard a rhythmic sound , like the blurring start of a lawn mower , but she could n't be sure of what she was seeing .
leaves began , one by one , to curl up and die , dropping like bits of charred paper on artificially green lawns .
when she saw that she was near the community park , she strolled in , past the swimming pool , now drained and empty , and followed the stone walkway that meandered through the manicured lawns .
down beside the lawn , the white bulk of hector cameron 's mausoleum was a pale smear on the night .
jamie pursed his lips and squinted thoughtfully at the brilliant sun streaming through the elm trees that edged the lawn at river run .
rachel 's jaw dropped , and so did her fan , bouncing on the lawn .
not far ; just to the tables set up under the trees at the edge of the lawn .
brianna murmured at my shoulder , eyes fixed with interest on the seething multitude , from which the men had now extracted the guest of honor , escorting her from the dock , up the lawn , toward the terrace .
i watched them go across the lawn , amused by jocasta 's sense of theatrics .
or perhaps near the statue on the lawn , as being more central and allowing the crowd to surround her , thus increasing the chance of everyone hearing her remarks ? ''
` ` i think she 'll have a sunstroke , if you put her out on the lawn in this weather , '' i said , tilting my own broad - brimmed straw hat to shade my nose .
bowing , he straightened , put his hat back on , and strode down the lawn to join jamie and jocasta , who were still with allan macdonald - styled ` ` kingsburgh , '' in the scottish fashion , for the name of his estate on skye .
after an hour 's preliminary eating , the barbecue was raised steaming from the pits near the stable , and brought to the lawns on wooden trestles , mounted on the shoulders of slaves .
words were exchanged , growing in heat , and i glanced toward jamie ; the last time i had attended a barbecue like this at river run , in the prelude to the war of the regulation , there had been a fistfight on the lawn , and i rather thought such an occurrence might be about to happen again .
he looked out at the lawn , lifting his chin to point at the crowd .
for she had heard that africa was a heathen place where folk went entirely nak*d and killed one another with spears , like as one would do with a boar , and if one wanted to speak of nak*d , that statue of the soldier laddie on the lawn was shocking , did we not think ?
now the enormous brick edifice with its graceful spreading wings was complete , even to the lawns and ivy beds that lined the drive , though the stately trees that would eventually surround it were mere saplings .
webb got up and went to the window that overlooked the lawn , presumably to assure himself that the cannon were where he thought they should be .
i expected him to tell me to shut the window , but he merely stood , looking out across his lawns and the long , graveled drive .
they were in the small room above the stable block where she did the messier bits of paint preparation , and hector cameron 's white marble mausoleum was clearly visible from here , gleaming like a tooth at the side of the lawn below .
she 'd caught sight of a tall gentleman strolling under the trees on the lawn below , and had an idea .
see him down there on the lawn ? ''
this early in the spring , the green of the huge lawn was only a faint tinge , but people were lounging on it , taking advantage of the rare balmy day .
` ` a gentleman , by horace hone , signed with monogram and dated 1780 , with powdered hair en queue , wearing a brown coat , blue waistcoat , lawn jabot , and an order , possibly the most honorable order of the bath . ''
he resisted , standing rooted like a stone gnome in a lawn , but sister celeste added her not inconsiderable efforts to mother hildegarde 's , and they lifted him clean off his feet and bore him away between them , the clog dropping from one frantically kicking foot as they went .
the ground was wet , and the force of their struggle left deep gashes of black in the winter - dead lawn .
the scene below was eminently peaceful now ; a boy stood holding a torch for one of the gardeners , who was kneeling at the edge of the lawn , tenderly replacing the divots of turf dug up by the fight .
with a rustle of starched lawn , mary dropped to her knees beside me .
they were in a garden somewhere ; there were lawn chairs , and a table with drinks in a background dappled with the scattered light of tree leaves .
from the screen of trees near the river , a brick walk swept up through a broad array of formal lawns and gardens , splitting in two to circle paired marble statues that stood in their own beds of flowers , then joining again and fanning out in a broad piazza in front of an imposing two - storied house , colonnaded and multichimneyed .
dinner had been ordered ; i could smell brief tantalizing whiffs of roasting meat from the cookhouse , borne on the evening breeze that wafted across the lawns and flower beds .
` ` not only a poet , but an ironist , too , '' jamie observed , with another glance at the boys on the lawn .
without comment , lord john stood up and gave her a hand ; she got ponderously to her feet and they sailed out onto the dry brown scurf of the dead lawn , cloaks billowing like sails around them .
the thick red - gold hair had been brushed to a smooth gleam that swept the collar of a fine lawn shirt with tucked front , belled sleeves , and lace - trimmed wrist frills that matched the cascade of the starched jabot at the throat , decorated with a ruby stickpin .
her hands went to them unconsciously , curving the lawn under the swelling rounds .
spring had sprung , and the lawns were fresh and green , as were the trees along the river , but the morning air still held a sharp nip of winter 's bite .
it was a clear , bright march day now , though , and house , terrace , lawn , and garden were thronged with wedding guests , glowing in their finery like an unseasonable flight of butterflies .
neither jamie nor ninian appeared to notice , but i took a discreet step away , turning to survey the lawn that stretched from the terrace to the river landing .
granted , duncan would n't be the first groom to go to the altar in an advanced state of intoxication , but still ... brianna , brilliant in blue wool the color of the spring sky , was standing near one of the marble statues that graced the lawn , jemmy balanced on her hip , deep in conversation with gerald forbes , the lawyer .
i turned slowly , surveying the terrace and lawns , but there was n't a sign of him among the milling crowd .
` ` och , well , your husband was sae kind as to write to mr . ninian there '' -he nodded across the lawn toward the lean figure of ninian bell hamilton , who was in the middle of a heated discussion of some kind- '' and to tell him of my trouble .
i strolled down the lawn , nodding to acquaintances over my fan .
i had gone down one side of the lawn and up the other , but saw no sign of him anywhere between the big plantation house and the dock , where slaves in livery were still greeting latecomers arriving by water .
ronnie 's father , farquard campbell , was coming up the lawn from the landing , accompanied by a gentleman in the red and fawn of his majesty 's army , and another in naval uniform - lieutenant wolff .
ninian bell hamilton 's rather high - pitched voice rang out through a lull in the general conversation , and heads turned all over the lawn .
wedding guests came rushing from lawn and terrace to see what was going on .
i cast a wary eye toward the lawn .
left momentarily to my own devices , i strolled nonchalantly off the terrace and down the lawn .
these were two statues , carved from white marble , one standing squarely in the center of each lawn .
there was a matching statue on the right lawn , this one of diana the huntress .
a polite nod , and he had me by the arm and headed back toward the lawn before wylie 's murmured ` ` your servant , sir '' had been quite voiced .
` ` in the flesh , '' i replied , waving my fan toward the lawn .
jamie made his way down the lawn toward the willows , absently acknowledging the greetings of friends and acquaintances as he went .
neither man was in sight , but i met brianna , coming up from the lawn with jemmy .
she pointed helpfully , and i spotted jamie 's bright hair and crimson tartan , a fiery gleam at the bottom of the lawn .
i settled my shawl and strolled down the lawn to join jamie .
the air was still cool , but the sun was high and hot on my shoulders ; it was a relief to join the men in the shade of a small grove of oaks that stood near the bottom of the lawn .
taking my arm , he steered me across the lawn and into the patchy shade of the elms .
he glanced behind him , but we were a good distance from the lawn , and reasonably shielded from view .
the scent of smoke and food drifted through the cool spring air , along with the rumble of talk and laughter from the lawn .
those directed at her face were admiring , but respectful enough ; he 'd caught that wee bastard forbes staring at her rear view with an expression similar to the one the gentlemen were using on the undraped marble goddess on the lawn , though .
neither would coming out of the wood be inculpatory ; women and men alike often simply stepped into the shelter of the trees along the lawn in order to relieve themselves , rather than making their way to the overcrowded and smelly necessaries .
perhaps because everyone saw ye flirt with him on the lawn ?
i did n't take my eyes off his face , but i was aware of a good many other faces turning toward us in the crowd on the lawn .
i rather thought i would n't mention that to jamie , though ; phillip wylie was a very annoying young man , but upon cooler reflection , i had decided that i would prefer not to have him disemboweled on the front lawn , after all .
the torches on the lawn had been lit , too , and perseus 's white marble buttocks glimmered through the dark .
silent with shock , he followed me obediently as i led him down the side path by the lawns , shielded from view by hector cameron 's white - marble mausoleum and its growth of ornamental yew bushes .
at the edge of the lawn , i saw phaedre , coming up from the mausoleum with her arms full of plates and cups that had been left in the shrubbery .
for a disorienting moment , i was no longer on the lawn before the house , but in the dark confines of the shed , the scent of death heavy in the air and the proof of murder gritty in my hand .
then reality readjusted itself , and the green lawn was covered with flocks of doves and sparrows , foraging peacefully for crumbs at the feet of a marble goddess , bright with sun .
no wonder the doctor was puzzled , then , to see cameron scampering about the lawn in the middle of the night . ''
they picked their way across the lawn , ignoring the stares of several house - servants , who clustered at the upstairs windows , pointing down at them and murmuring to one another .
the place seemed peaceful enough , the last of the spring light glowing on green lawns and spotlighting the white marble statues and the stone of hector 's mausoleum among its dark yews .
we had reined up at the foot of the lawn , looking the situation over cautiously before approaching the house .
fred ran out and scooped up butter from the front lawn before climbing in the wagon and driving it to the barn , following the deputy as he raced ahead .
the other dangled uselessly at his side as blood from the gunshot wound dripped along his fingers , pooling on the grass of ashton 's neatly trimmed lawn .
descending the three short steps to the front lawn , connor began prowling in obvious frustration .
there were torches set around the veranda , but they were spaced at wide intervals to provide just enough illumination to delineate where stone gave way to lawn .
she was still absorbing the severity of the rear lawn when jasper appeared .
outside , the rear lawn was dotted with dramatically blazing torches .
eliza looked out to the rear lawn , but could no longer see jane rothschild or lord montague .
embarrassed by the depth of her reaction , she looked away ... and noted footprints moving off the pathway onto the adjacent lawn .
when i glanced across the lawn at my father , i caught the glowing blue eyes of a stranger standing by the koi pond .
on the few warm days during the school year , the campus lawn went from being desolate to bustling with movement in every direction .
pete quietly goes into the kitchen and riley heads out to the lawn to help coach clean up .
` ` because this is rem 's house , '' pete says as i spot the charming red barn looming ahead across the lawns .
pools of light from the ballroom windows illuminated the flower beds and part of the lawn below .
one of these days she was going to dig up a section of her lawn and plant an honest - to - goodness garden .
with its surrounding green lawns , it offered relative privacy .
she told him about her plan to dig up a portion of her back lawn and turn it into an herb garden .
he had a cousin drop by once a week to keep the place from looking abandoned , so when he finally walked into his house in the suburb of sterling heights , it was clean , the lawn mowed , the fridge empty of molding food and spoiled milk .
` ` i 'd like to remove part of the lawn for a rose garden . ''
` ` i ' m doing okay , '' he murmured as they all walked across the neat green lawn toward the house .
come on me , or i 'll take you outside and make you scream right there on the front lawn for the whole fuckin ' neighborhood to hear . ''
right then , the living - room light spilling onto the lawn below her window went off , darkening the bedroom .
then she let nicole crawl around on the lawn , allowing the sun to do its magic .
downstairs , dominic and nicole were nowhere to be seen inside the house , but she found them out on the lawn .
during the day , the view of the lake was lovely , but right now he could n't see much past the part of the lawn lit with security lights unless he used his night vision .
madoc looked out the window onto the green lawn below .
the interior was empty but for a few sacks of grass seed , a lawn mower , and lawn furniture that had been stored for the winter .
the interior was empty but for a few sacks of grass seed , a lawn mower , and lawn furniture that had been stored for the winter .
they were halfway across the icy lawn between the barn and the house .
wooden splinters and glass spewed out onto the lawn .
she could not take her eyes off the two young men wrestling exuberantly on the lawn on the opposite side of a narrow , shallow pond .
tall and elegantly dressed , benedict reginald sinclair , viscount tarley and future earl of pennington , strode across the lawn with the purpose of a man who knew well the power he wielded .
her irises were the same brilliant green as the lawn beneath their feet , and they were filled with concern .
from across the shallow terrace pool separating them , alistair watched lady jessica sheffield cross the lawn toward the house with her little dog in tow .
even through the thin lawn of her chemise , the contact was scorching .
her head was propped in one hand , her torso draped in the nearly translucent lawn of her chemise .
she curled her skinny little body into a tighter knot , hugging her knees to her chest as she stared stolidly out the window at the manicured lawn of davencourt , her grandmother 's home .
other people had yards , but grandmother had a lawn .
the lawn was a deep , rich green , and she had always loved the feel of her bare feet sinking into the thick grass , like walking on a live carpet .
then she was running across the lawn toward webb and jessie , her knees kicking up the skirt of her dress with every step .
the late afternoon sun slanted across the lawn and through the trees , catching in roanna 's hair and highlighting the glossy chestnut , making the strands glitter with gold and red .
webb looked up at the huge white house sitting like a crown in the middle of the lush green velvet of the lawn .
a moment later they saw the headlights of his car slice across the lawn .
lucinda stared out over the perfectly manicured lawn , the flower gardens , the pastures beyond where her beloved horses bent their sleek , muscular necks to graze .
he could see the side lawn from this room , she realized , while from either of their rooms he could have seen only the back .
a lawn that looked as though it was freshly cut .
blinked and looked at garrett 's wife , who was sitting across from her in a lawn chair .
she imagined him outside on a sunny day , shirtless and sheened with sweat , the muscles of his back and arms flexing as he worked his way across the lush lawn .
they got out and she led him across the lawn to the michaels family plot .
he 'd just reached the lawn when the door to miller 's house burst open and darcy stumbled out , her wrists handcuffed in front of her .
she glanced at her childhood home , now sporting a realtor 's sign in the lawn .
because surely , surely that was the only explanation for what i was now seeing in front of me on the academy 's lawn , lurking in the shadow of an ancient , gnarled oak .
i looked to my right and saw adrian cutting across the lawn toward me , oblivious to the slush 's effects on his designer shoes .
wisps of fog began to drift across the terraced lawns , white lace in ribbons curling around the trees and bushes .
lily turned in a circle , taking in the rolling manicured lawns , the shrubbery and trees , the fountains and gardens artfully placed to please the eye .
her gaze followed the white tendrils of fog swirling through the trees a foot or two above the rolling lawns .
` ` i saw someone on the lawn .
it was a large beautiful house surrounded by manicured lawns and wrought - iron fences .
ryland was already making his way across the broad expanse of lawn , scooting on his belly , staying low in the open area .
11 a.m.-12 p.m. : took sketchbook to prospect park lawn .
drew kids playing cricket on lawn .
thick , resilient grass cushioned her steps as she walked across their backyard , then angled her steps in a shortcut through themurchisons ' overgrown lawn .
she sat huddled in a metal storage building , hidden behind a lawn mower that was missing a wheel , a greasy tool box , some rusting cans of paint , and several moldy cardboard boxes marked ` ` xmas decorations . ''
she continued on around the building to the lawn and garden section , with flowerpots and bags of grass seed stacked high against a chain - link fence .
her heart was pounding as she strode back around the lawn and garden section .
a three - foot - high picket fence , sagging in places , separated the scraggly , minuscule patch of lawn from the broken sidewalk .
` ` i wo n't take much of your time , '' he said , standing a safe distance away on the lawn .
` ` hi , mom , '' she whispered , staring down at the perfectly manicured lawn .
joe glanced at matt , who lay flattened in a lawn chair off to the side of the deck , a cold rag over his head .
as gabby marched through the grass , the dew moistened the tips of her toes through her sandals and the moonlight reflected on the lawn like silver trails .
joe 's neighbor was the kind of guy who burned leaves on the first gorgeous day of spring and mowed his lawn first thing saturday mornings , and the two of them had nearly come to blows more than once after a long night with the baby .
thus decided , she looked at herself one last time in the mirror and , pleased with what she saw , slipped out the patio door and started across the lawn .
as gabby weaved her way between the hedges and appeared at the edge of the lawn , travis caught the movement from the corner of his eye and found himself staring unabashedly as she approached .
the sun , hovering over the tree line , was still bright , but its heat had diminished and shadows were gradually stretching across the lawn .
afterward , travis mowed the lawn .
unlike most of his neighbors , who rode their lawn mowers , travis still used a push mower .
after finishing the lawn , he dragged the mower back to the garage , noting that gabby still had n't returned .
she 'd spotted travis mowing the lawn earlier , but she 'd ignored him , needing somehow to feel more in control than she actually was .
the lawn was shiny with moisture , promising a heavy frost overnight .
mike mowed the lawn , trimmed the hedges , and helped her plant impatiens in the flower box .
she really did n't want to have to start following him around with a pooper scooper , so as not to sully the newly sodded lawns .
julie and emma were sitting in small lawn chairs near the cabin , acting a little more grown - up .
they were coated with a layer of dew from her lawn , and when julie realized what she was looking at , she gave a halfhearted shrug as if to say , i guess we 'll see what happens today .
all our birthday parties were on the lawn out front that separates the house from the kennel .
outside , the lawn was beginning to resemble a lake and still the rain continued to fall .
he knew exactly where he was going , and he cut across the lawn , weaving around memorials .
taylor bent and started to pull the longer blades of grass along the sides , twisting them around his hand to get a better grip and snapping them off to make them level with the surrounding lawn .
he could repair everything from lawn mowers to bulldozers , and his fingers were permanently stained with grease .
they did the big figure s again , taking their time , bumping haphazardly over the lawn and around the trees before finally reaching the road .
two raccoons scurried out of the woods , across the lawn .
the raccoons stopped and turned , finally noticing two people on the porch , then continued across the lawn before vanishing from sight .
kyle loved the toolshed out back , and after pointing out the ` ` tractor '' ( actually a lawn mower ) , taylor took him for a ride around the yard without engaging the blade .
kyle was playing out front and immediately started for the truck , racing across the lawn .
` ` i drove by and saw the lawn was getting a little high , '' he said without meeting her eyes .
the lawn .
the following weekend , when taylor arrived to take care of the lawn , he inhaled sharply when he pulled up to mitch and melissa 's driveway .
when i opened it , i saw my parents on the front lawn .
` ` my dad ... my big strong dad came rushing across the lawn in a flash .
glancing out the window , she saw taylor and kyle walking up the lawn , toward the shed where they kept their fishing poles .
the caretaker , i noticed , had n't mowed recently , and the once grassy lawn resembled a wild meadow .
my dad was getting ready to mow the lawn and had pulled the lawn mower out from the shed .
my dad was getting ready to mow the lawn and had pulled the lawn mower out from the shed .
now micah loved the lawn mower , and i vaguely remember my brother pleading with my father to let him mow the lawn , despite the fact that he was n't even strong enough to push it .
now micah loved the lawn mower , and i vaguely remember my brother pleading with my father to let him mow the lawn , despite the fact that he was n't even strong enough to push it .
i ran after him ; thirty seconds later , as i was chugging across neighbors ' lawns , i glanced over my shoulder and saw the truck come to a screeching halt at the edge of the woods , saw the man jump from the truck and start chasing us the rest of the way on foot .
he was standing on the lawn , forcing a smile and slowly waving good - bye .
the only difference was that most cemeteries looked as if someone came by to mow the lawn now and then , while this one looked like san francisco after the earthquake in 1906 .
with big green lawns and forests to play in .
i know it was a pretty crappy way to feel - if the lack of money bothered me so much , i could have mowed lawns or worked odd jobs , for instancebut that 's the way it was .
the next day , my last day on leave , i made arrangements for the house : turning off the utilities , forwarding the mail , finding someone to keep the lawn mowed .
she turned to look out the cafeteria 's window , but i knew she was n't seeing the sloping lawn beyond .
like clockwork , callie 's dad would open the garage , whistling as he rolledthe lawn mower into place .
the feldmans were bad neighbors and never waved at him and told kids to stay off their lawn .
he mowed the lawn and emptied the clippings inthe garbage can and when he was done he went shopping and bought turkey and ham and dijon mustard andfresh rye bread from the bakery .
hecrossed his lawn and paused at the street and headed for the feldmans ' house .
he remembered that he had cleaned the house andmowed the lawn but he had never learned how to do laundry and now erin was calling herself katie .
fountains and elaborate statues of past rulers adorned the lawns , exquisite marble works that had previously been hidden in snow .
i did n't move as i watched him walk across the lawn and climb through the limo door , which the driver was holding open .
becca was moving across the lawn in angry strides .
maybe one of those little figures that 's pooping in a lawn . ''
all over town , birds fell from phone wires and landed in pathetic , crumpled heaps on the thirsty lawns .
the lawn was still as flat and green as a patch of christmas felt .
in this , the middle of june , the lawn was lush and lime green ; in the dog days of summer ; ruby knew it would grow tall and take on the rich hue of burnished gold .
he carried his brother downstairs and through the house , past lottie in the kitchen , who waved , her eyes overbright ... across the manicured green lawn and down the bank to the beach .
above the double sinks , a bay window held on to a view of rolling , green lawn .
caroline took a drag and exhaled slowly , staring out at the green lawn .
he walked down the steps , across the shaggy lawn , out to the edge of the bank .
she tightened her hold on her mother 's shoulders , and together they walked up the slightly angled bank and across the lawn .
it seemed to take dean an hour to cross the small patch of lawn .
turning his horse around , he trotted along a footpath to a large lawn that was both flat and devoid of trees and bushes .
ryan straightened himself , glanced about , and then headed across the lawn toward the terrace .
lucy , on the other hand , was n't afforded the opportunity to utter a single word of protest before william practically made her fly across the neatly trimmed lawn , hauling her along at a pace that many might have considered quite dangerous .
not until they had passed out of sight of the others and were safely hidden away by the hedges that separated the lawn from the rose garden did william slow his pace .
all the lawns looked like showcases .
it pisses him off that they presume to tell him what to do with his house and lawn , so he waits until he says the neighborhood watchdog starts twitching and foaming at the mouth before he mows the lawn . ''
it pisses him off that they presume to tell him what to do with his house and lawn , so he waits until he says the neighborhood watchdog starts twitching and foaming at the mouth before he mows the lawn . ''
she went still when she heard micah 's determined voice rise above the sounds of the neighborhood and distant lawn mowers .
now she stood staring over the front lawn , taking in nothing and everything all at once as the rain fell softly around her .
boards were missing from the front porch and the lawn obviously had n't been maintained since her mother had been murdered .
` ` celebration '' was an apt description for the merry crowd that filled the lawn before the vicar 's small house and the church next to it .
chapter 8 beau today , i was supposed to cut three different lawns .
with the cake cooling on the counter , amanda stepped out onto the back porch and inspected the lawn .
in the past couple of years , frank had become fanatical about the lawn .
rain or shine , he mowed every other day , making checkerboard patterns in the lawn .
luc pointed to the front lawn of the phi beta sigma house .
a bit farther down the canal , i could see houseboats floating on pontoons , and in the middle of the canal , an open - air , flat - bottomed boat decked out with lawn chairs and a portable stereo idled toward us .
her black leather boots and jeans - covered legs crossed the lawn with a long stride .
she turned her attention to the two - story house sitting on the crest of a hill with the lush lawn terraced into two large , flat areas .
nicole visually tracked ryan 's progress across the lush green lawn from her position in the open set of double french doors leading from the huge eat - in kitchen to the brick patio that overlooked the river and boat dock .
a quiet hush blanketed the sloping lawns set high off the mountain road .
her home was located on a small residential block , with a postage stamp lawn and pretty colored yellow shingles .
the broad green lawn that grew all the way to the street with no sidewalk in between - she and zach had played there .
he held on and teased her with more of those understated but potent touches all the way to her sister 's house - which just happened to have a red - and - blue landis for senate sign on the front lawn .
the grassy lawn was striped with huge muddy ruts from fire trucks and the deluge of water .
she panned her flashlight around the lawn and did n't see anyone lurking in the bushes .
matthew shrugged as a golf course with a lush lawn and palm trees whizzed past .
the jag 's growling engine drew sebastian 's attention back to the manicured lawn and marianna coming up the decorative stepping stones she 'd picked out .
she picked her way alongside him , heels sinking into the sandy lawn as he circled the main house toward the beach .
definitely this was a party for the movers and shakers in the political world - as well as on the polished wood dance floor planked over the sandy lawn .
he loped across the manicured lawn toward the carriage house , keeping his secrets .
the lawn and garden did justice to its garden district address .
a corner of the other lawn was open to view .
she looked out over the lush garden district lawn , seeking some of the answers or peace that ginger also seemed to be looking for out the window .
ginger shrugged , smiling affectionately at her stepson on the lawn .
the parade inched past , a jazz band blasting a louis armstrong number while necklaces , doubloons and even candy rained over the mini - mob , that also happened to be all family gathered on her front lawn .
and her lawn .
but i never , ever walked across her lawn again . ''
over the years , steve had seen him repair radios , televisions , auto and lawn mower engines , leaking pipes , dangling gutters , broken windows , and once , even the hydraulic presses of a small tool - manufacturing plant near the state line .
because he was too weak to stand , they brought a lawn chair with them .
i ' ve got a couple of lawn chairs in the bed that i can set up . ''
the whole night had felt slightly surreal , so finding herself sitting in a lawn chair in the bed of a pickup owned by a bull rider was an almost natural extension .
as fate would have it - and i have always believed it to be fate , for ruth always swore she knew nothing about it beforehand - an artists ' exhibition was being held in the main building , spilling out onto the lawn beyond .
she recalled in vivid detail how they 'd sat in lawn chairs in the bed of his truck on the first night they met .
` ` i signed the contract in good faith , '' he said , still staring out over the lawn .
the boy leaped down to race around the lawn .
on the lawn , the thing screamed in fury .
she looked out over the lush green lawn , toward the front window sparkling now in the afternoon sunlight .
steeling herself , she crossed the lawn , crouched .
she scouted through cal 's gardens for specific flowers and herbs , and continued to snip when gage crossed the lawn to her .
warm light floods from the windows onto the manicured lawn around it .
as we cross the lawn to them , they look up and see us and both grin at the same time .
he looked over his laptop screen and out the window beyond the desk he 'd set up in his bedroom , and spotted tara with a red lawnmower on the back lawn .
` ` why do n't you have a lawn service ? ''
shrubbery pruned to the nth degree surrounded the foundation and fenced the sidewalk as if intended to keep visitors from straying onto the perfectly manicured emerald lawn .
he scanned the garden and spotted a splash of peach and carly 's bare legs sprawled on the lawn between the fountain and the koi pond .
balls of every size , shape and color dotted the patchy lawn and kids raced and swarmed like insects .
the driveway is lined bumper to bumper with cars and people are smoking on the dry front lawn and on the deck .
i found him a couple of times hiding out on a lawn chair .
i walk down the sidewalk fenced by houses and dried out lawns .
she freezes in the middle of the lawn and starts to laugh at me .
` ` micha kissed me on the front lawn .
cars are parked on the lawn , and garbage cans are tipped over .
i take another deep breath and walk across the front lawn .
lila relaxes back in the lawn chair .
i head across the front lawn for the door when ethan 's truck pulls up in my driveway .
i finish my weight training for the day and put on a trash bag , and as i begin stretching on the front lawn , i see that tiffany is jogging up and down the length of my parents ' block , waiting for me to begin running .
kids from the high school made our front lawn into a living memorial - they stood on the sidewalk with candles and flowers .
she turned around with a resigned sigh and watched as sandro turned to close the shower door behind him , offering her a tantalizing glimpse of the beautiful bottom that she had so admired earlier in the evening , while he 'd been chasing a ball up and down gabe 's lawn .
but the house was still white , and the undecorated lawn was still as neat as a hatbox .
with only the small expanse of lawn separating them , he looked at the woman he had n't seen in two decades .
one of jansen 's men would walk out any minute now and see the dead body on the lawn , but dominic did n't have time to hide it .
` ` i know there 's a dead body near the front lawn .
i just found benny on the front lawn .
they drove into the old part of town , where victorian houses had been built one after another on tiny patches of lawn .
no weed had ever been allowed to flourish in the lawn .
she knew that when she stepped out onto the porch , all those voices raised in disagreement would sound like a lawn mower .
the lawn was as thick and soft as a layer of christmas velvet .
two boys - charlotte guessed they were seven or eight - raced across the green lawn toward jason .
they strolled casually , hand in hand , across the freshly mowed lawn .
his riding lawn mower had headlights on it and he also turned on his outside spotlights .
` ` then she should use , like , a riding lawn mower or something , not a car . ''
` ` i ' m pretty sure he could outrun a lawn mower , '' mom said thoughtfully .
so a lawn mower would n't work . ''
` ` then , like you said , she should have used a riding lawn mower instead of a car .
dad sat down on a faded rainbow colored lawn chair .
a large window overlooked the immaculately landscaped and solar - lit lawn .
after a few more unsatisfying minutes of watching ashlyn cuddle with aiden and being ignored by the guys on the lawn , i grabbed my purse and told them i was taking off , getting a vague , halfhearted wave goodbye in return .
soon , we were stopping in front of a tiny brick house with a patchy yellow lawn .
she fell back onto the lawn under the weight of the dog and giggled while he lapped wet kisses all over her cheeks .
right now she 's making a family of snow angels on the front lawn , but her enthusiasm for that will wear off shortly . ''
i grabbed his ball cap , and before he could take it back , i tossed it like a frisbee across the lawn .
fallen leaves crunched under my boots as i walked across the lawn .
i kept my arms around abby as we walked across the lawn to the sigma tau house .
i walked up the stairs and made a beeline for the keg , cursing my greediness and the empty bottle of whiskey lying somewhere in sig tau 's front lawn .
voices drifted across the lawn and i watched as eva came walking out of the front door with jeremy and his cousin .
two boys , tearing across a green lawn , jumping and shrieking ` ` unca luke '' at the tops of their lungs as they ran .
from the outside , it looked well groomed with a riot of colorful azaleas and a well - manicured lawn .
edging around her lawn equipment and the front of her little convertible , he sidled up to the door that led into the den .
what good would you have been to your mother if the assassin had been waiting for you at her house and put a bullet between your eyes on her front lawn ? ''
somewhere in the middle of everything , caleb had found the time to mow the lawn , front and back .
as she looked out the window at the wide , perfectly manicured lawn and big beige front door , a thousand unhappy memories assaulted her .
once past the croquet lawn , she started down narrow stone steps that descended about ten feet to a small crescent beach that faced west .
on a street filled with lovely big homes , all with groomed lawns and lavish flower beds , the reynaud mansion was perhaps the most impressive .
the paint seemed whiter , the drapes in the windows more elegant , the flower beds more carefully tended , the lawn more manicured .
they 'll want to see how the tree 's grown that they planted , or whether the flower beds still curve the way they remembered , or whether you still have trouble with weeds in the croquet lawn .
dulcie came over , doing a little cha - cha step on the croquet lawn .
she hurried across the croquet lawn .
she knew the spot only as a place for playing lawn games in the summer and having snowshoe races in the winter .
so i lean against the flagpole on the lawn in front of school waiting for tiny cooper , shivering in spite of the gloves and the hat and the coat and the hood .
the wind tears across the lawn , and i can hear it whipping the flag above me , but i 'll be damned if i ' m going to enter that building a nanosecond before the first period bell rings .
the buses let off , and the lawn starts to fill up with freshmen , none of whom seems particularly impressed by me .
i watch this couple walking on the lawn , knowing that they can see into the dugout , trying to tell from their eyes whether they see a gigantic someone sitting in the visitors ' dugout of this little league field .
boo reclines in her lawn chair .
he bled out on the back lawn .
her mother was in her lawn nightgown and snow boots , kneeling in the dirt , pulling up tiny potatoes and throwing them in a pile .
with the bearing of a queen , she walked across the grassy lawn , up the stone path , and into her home , closing the door behind her .
having one small enough for a single passenger land on our lawn was definitely not an everyday occurrence .
they come and dump stuff on the lawn just to play mean pranks , and wait for agatha to come and take it all inside , which of course she does . ''
out on the front lawn , dane croft stood with a pack looped over one shoulder .
someone had pulled up something very loud on her lawn , not ten feet from the bathroom .
` ` i hope you 're not parked on my lawn . ''
forcing a smile to her face , emily headed out the door and toward the motorcycle waiting on her lawn .
when steve dumped me i just sniffled and took it , curled into myself on a park bench near my apartment , sitting on the lawn of a local college .
the sidewalk dips and cracks from old tree roots along the tree lawn , and i halt , one foot higher than the other on a slab of concrete .
then the drip of a lawn sprinkler .
after they unplugged the charger and maneuvered the bright red power wheels car into the driveway , liza situated herself on the lawn where she could have an unobstructed view of the driveway , the street , and dylan in his new toy .
trimmed hibiscus , manicured emerald lawns , and rows of queen palms lined the grid of streets that made up a painfully planned community full of pink and beige houses , all topped with the same barrel tile roof .
` ` and be prepared for half of the gulf shore country club to be waiting on the front lawn with cameras when we get back . ''
no snowmen littered these lawns like in her nebraska hometown .
two acres of manicured lawn stretched ahead of her in the moonlight .
the clinic sported two wings , perched like a bird on the manicured lawn .
her lawn was absolutely packed .
she 'd been so caught up in gawking at his naked chest that she 'd forgotten about the sold - out audience on her lawn .
` ` check out the lawn . ''
` ` we do n't have a choice , thanks to the folks on the lawn with cameras . ''
there 's no more room on the lawn . ''
once the press saw him leave , they would stay on her lawn until she walked out the door or until they somehow managed to break in .
she 'd showed signs of cold feet about coming to europe with him when she 'd seen the press and fans packing her lawn .
apparently the robin hood hacker allowed choppers to land on his lawn , as well .
the chopper touched down lightly on the lawn with a simple kiss to the earth .
he had a lawn when he returned .
sitting at the moonlit reception on the palace lawns by the beach , her baby asleep in a stroller , lucy ann sipped her glass of spiced fruit juice .
stepping out into the sunshine , she took in the incredible lawns .
pendleton came to a halt with a good six feet of lawn and patio still separating them , then softly greeted her , ` ` hi . ''
allison stared moodily out at the lawn and wondered idly how connor would have liked being called ` ` a nice young man . ''
connor took a swig of his beer and chanced a glance across the lawn at the cause of his dour mood .
connor tossed him a skeptical look as they reached the volleyball net set up on a corner of the lawn in the whittaker 's backyard .
the room was large , sunlight streaming through the floor - length windows that faced the lawn at the back of the building .
` ` i do n't think it 'll be a problem to give up a little lawn . ''
it had been hard keeping his hands off her on the lawn .
as stephen strode up the well - kept front lawn , he scanned the home 's facade .
flower boxes spilled over from the front windows , and some small bushes dotted the lawn before them .
changing direction , he cut across the lawn , then turned the corner and walked along the concrete path that ran along the side of the house .
* * * griffin scanned the glittering crowd clustered on the terrace and lawn , and recognized most of the guests as regulars on san francisco 's society circuit .
the vista was of the back lawn and wooded area .
as if conjured by his thoughts , pia walked out from the french doors leading to the stone terrace at the back of the house , and then down to the grassy lawn where hawk stood .
pia looked up and spotted him as she walked across the lawn .
` ` pia , '' tamara announced , coming toward them across the lawn .
he watched the two women cross the lawn .
pia found herself jerked from her memories as tamara closed the space on the lawn between them .
` ` of course , it helps that the wedding is happening in new york , thousands of miles from silderly park and mother 's back lawn . ''
pia let tamara guide her through the palatial house , sawyer 's ancestral family seat , until they reached a large room with french doors overlooking the back lawn and gardens .
lia escaped from his grasp and led him across the large expanse of lawn .
she asked as he led her down the terrace steps and out to the back lawn .
so the attorney had the lawn taken care of , the outside of the home looked after , but no one came inside .
he led her to an area on the rolling lawn with blankets spread out , and he sat , pulled her down onto his lap and wrapped his arms around her waist .
to her left , she saw tony and hawk sitting in a couple of lawn chairs beside the ranch 's fire truck , but she barely glanced their way .
she finally felt free to sit out on her front lawn and dig weeds from the flower beds .