i expect his body to tense up as i drag him into the foliage , but he follows gamely .
` ` tell me about your job , '' he said and pulled a leaf off of the tree .
she did the same , examining the veins on the leaf as she absently walked beside him .
something about watching the other men thin the foliage made his fingers itch to grab a pair of shears and get to work , though .
cutting back the leaves to the perfect balance of fruit to foliage pushed this process forward .
he had always considered himself a strong man , and for all his tendencies to put pleasure before responsibility , he knew how to do a full day 's work , but the repetitive process of removing foliage from the bottom of the plants - leaving just enough leaves to shade the ripening grapes from the full - on sun - turned out to be harder than he would have expected .
the beautiful bride was indeed shaking like a leaf .
you ' ve got to get the balance right of foliage to grapes to get them to ripen efficiently .
she asked , one hand reaching out absently to delicately touch a leaf .
the cold winter brushing away the last leaf .
my nerves were shot and i was still shaking like a leaf from our harrowing drive .
he loved the richness of the island , the verdant pastures and the vibrant green of the tropical foliage .
the foliage was so thick overhead they could only see patches of the sky .
she stared at the thin green leaf , almost as if it held the key to the mysteries of life , then she tossed it away .
he folded like a leaf on a hot pavement . ''
he just sat there , his hands still on the wheel , staring at the foliage in front of him .
then , no matter that she was trying her hardest , her face crumpled like a leaf and the tears began to flow .
that made anya drop her eyes and pretend to pick a leaf off the leg of her jeans .
aurelio led the way , chopping at bushes as he made a path for them through the thick foliage .
his eyes clenched tight now , his head pressing back into the leaf bed , ridge was breathing hard , dying a slow death as he waited .
maybe lani thought his question meant he was willing to have a discussion because her stance relaxed and she loosened the clasp of her hands and reached out to pluck a leaf from the bush beside her .
she was shaking like a leaf .
i smiled and coaxed the small red and black insect onto a leaf and away from my coffee .
i demanded , looking out the window at the fall foliage flying by .
he shook his head like a dog , sending water droplets flying across the deck , but a leaf still clung to his hair .
i laughed and wrapped one of the towels around him , picking the golden leaf from his sandy hair .
i was proud that my voice did n't waver , even though i was shaking like a leaf .
i felt like a leaf in a thunderstorm .
his hand was warm and steady , keeping me from shaking like a leaf .
` ` take care of this , '' he instructed elijah before running back to where i stood shaking like a leaf .
opening her eyes , arielle 's breath caught at the sight of tiny white lights tastefully threaded throughout the foliage surrounding the room .
he asked , pulling a leaf off of the bush next to him and twirling it with his thumb and forefinger .
i told you i 'd bring the paintings to you monday and i know you abhor leaving your precious city life and risk running into a leaf or , heaven forbid , a bug . ''
he led her through the woods with the dogs running around and barking at squirrels , birds and any kind of leaf that fell from the trees .
if a man like sam montrose wanted to marry me , i 'd be all over him like green on a leaf .
that did n't mean the absence of tiny critters she thought as she avoided putting her hand on a damp leaf , a small spider perched precariously on the tip as it prepared to move across to the next branch while weaving its web for the day .
as she drove , she made the decision that she would have to live in an area that provided this much color in the springtime as well as the extraordinary fall foliage .
if i want to prance up and down broad street wearing nothing but two band - aids and a leaf , there 's nothing you can do about it . ''
` ` nothing i said got through to him though , so it hardly matters that i fought back , '' she mused , plucking a windblown brown leaf from the blanket and tossing it into the air .
he pulled out two chairs at a table surrounded by plants and foliage in the cafe 's exquisite botanical gardens .
the dimly lit ambiance mesmerized camille as they followed the maitre 'd up a short flight of stairs and out onto a private balcony , amply shrouded in shrubbery and foliage .
the escalators were flanked by side - walls which were gigantic aquariums where hosts of gorgeous tropical fish darted and glided around the underwater rocks and foliage .
they were then presented with another plate of wicked temptations : a strawberry dipped in white chocolate and decorated with a gold leaf , a meringue lemon tart , a passionfruit ball with an oozing liquid centre ... more , more , more , and she had to pretend to enjoy it all while her stomach was in knots over ari 's presence behind her .
rice field crab cakes served with green papaya salad , salt beef dumplings , fermented pork neck sausages with ginger , tiny banana leaf cups filled with ant and chicken eggs , grilled cuttlefish stuffed inside jackfruit , and yuck ... fried silk worm pupae .
dani laughed and scooped her baby girl up into her lap to pull a leaf out of her mouth .
they eat more than a lettuce leaf .
yet there she was , dancing and laughing , as graceful as a leaf on the wind .
she smiled to herself as the rotund calico paused long enough to bat one paw at a trembling leaf .
though she went to sleep clinging to the edge of the bed like the last leaf on a tree in autumn , by morning , teresa was all over him .
even the sunlight barely made it through the leafy foliage .
jennifer , who was already out the window , twisting and turning helplessly as a leaf in the wind , groped frantically for the wall with her feet and finally managed to stop herself from revolving .
pausing , she reached up and pulled a leaf from a low branch overhead while she made an unsuccessful effort to keep the accusation out of her voice .
the plant near her left had a yellow leaf on it , so she reached over and plucked it off , then she stopped , warmed by the sudden memory of zack in colorado when he 'd watched her doing something like this .
for several minutes the lane wound upward around a hill covered in dense tropical foliage ; then the cab rounded a sharp bend and stopped at a stone gatehouse , where a uniformed guard stood next to a pair of tall black iron gates with enclave '' in brass lettering across them .
` ` the target 's that bare twig over there - the one with the leaf hanging off the middle of it . ''
she fired , nicking the leaf at its stem .
she hit another leaf on the twig and handed the gun back to him .
` ` oh , i do n't think so , '' she said , and , as if she was embarrassed and needed a way to avoid meeting his gaze , she reached up and pulled a leaf off an overhanging branch .
while the foliage around here was great , nothing compared to the colors up there .
all around her pink and purple asters bloomed , as did some russian sage with its blue flowers and silvery foliage .
we arrive at the restaurant and a hostess escorts us down a path lined with lit tiki torches through a garden with waterfalls and tropical foliage .
each is garnished with a tiny umbrella , pineapple slices , and cherries with a lovely purple orchid next to a sprig of mint leaf .
in a rogue moonbeam slashing among the foliage , his face and obsidian gaze were supernatural in beauty , in impact .
i could n't get a decent sense of my bearings because the thick foliage prevented seeing very far .
the stupid black cat was still there watching us but it was motionless , blending in with the dark foliage behind it .
people were laughing and screaming as they slid down twisty slides and walked plank - like diving boards into a huge pool with plastic vines and foliage designed to resemble a lagoon .
her eyes were on him when around them mother nature displayed awe - inspiring beauty in a mixture of dark and light green foliage and a vibrant blue sky .
well , trust me , there was nothing on braden that a fig leaf could cover .
` ` maybe tomorrow when it 's light out they 'll plan a fall foliage nature hike and dead alien recon mission , '' adam added .
` ` that if you were a statue you would need a really big fig leaf , '' i answered truthfully and after a beat he burst out laughing .
should i wear a fig leaf ? ''
` ` it 's nice to be around a woman who orders more than a lettuce leaf .
i could tell that bothered him by the way he got up from his chair and pulled a leaf from the tree .
from every arch hung rows of incense burners and flaming torches , against every wall rested miraculous arrangements of white and golden roses among backgrounds of lush foliage .
he showed him how to work the weed trimmer and the leaf blower , too .
i followed his pointed gaze with my fingers , found a leaf in my hair .
the dgc was visible on satellite , but from the street , it was surrounded by enough houses and foliage that passersby would n't notice an eighteen - hole golf course .
chapter fiftee tamara had decided her best bet was to go to beth , who would be more rational than johnny about her request , but she was still shaking like a leaf and having a hard time forcing the words out of her mouth .
but the orange color scheme was what kendall had wanted , and tuesday guessed maybe it was supposed to be more tropical than fall foliage .
` ` i guess your left , '' he said with a grin as he pulled her out of the foliage .
everyone else had grown silent , too , respecting the fact that the tiny piglet was shaking like a leaf .
from there , they drove through what felt like a forest , the road unlit and surrounded by trees and foliage .
she pulled on the green shirt that blended with the foliage .
heavy fall foliage covered the perimeter in varying degrees of red , yellow , and brown , a sight that under other circumstances she 'd love to take in and admire .
eric clapped , obviously proud of raina and her new leaf .
` ` well , i took the liberty of giving him your new cell phone number , so expect a call from him anytime , '' she said , spearing the last leaf of lettuce on her plate and popping it in her mouth .
he ran into one of the trees coming out of the ceiling and had to grab onto a leaf to keep from falling .
five ... four ... three ... '' he let go of the leaf and hovered in front of my face , shaking a finger at me .
i knew things were really bad when tim hid in the top of tony 's hair , shaking like a leaf .
i stood , trying to remove the bits of grass and leaf that were stuck to every part of my pants .
he can shoot the leaf off a tree from a hundred yards out . ''
he wanted to wear a new italian suit in leaf green that he saw in a shop in milan . ''
simon really looked like the train wreck you could n't tear your eyes away from in his leaf green suit .
new leaf .
mother 's brows lift sky high , and i wonder when my mother last had a carb that did n't come from a lettuce leaf or a glass of wine .
do you want me to dry up like a leaf and float away ? ''
when we reach the mall , we lock up the bikes and walk down the promenade toward the coffee bean and tea leaf .
i stood in front of the teller , two checks in my hand , shaking like a leaf .
17 anywhere my hands shook , fluttering the letter like a leaf in the wind .
it was green with tropical foliage , white sand rimming the outside , a dock jutting out into the pale blue of shallow water .
there was a path through the jungle foliage , wide , flat round stones paving the way up the hill , trees arching overhead to filter the sun in shifting bursts of green .
` ` it 's very hard to turn over a new leaf .
i gape at the gold leaf , the marble floors , the entirely impeccable space .
` ` what the fuck , kassie ... '' kelly pants , her tiny body trembling like a leaf .
they operated a noisy leaf blower afterwards in the driveway .
it consisted of vintage lilac roses , powder blue hydrangeas , tracheliums , mint green carnations , lisianthus combined with sandriana foliage and peonies .
sam took a shortcut through a park located smack between the campus bookstore and his place , walking all over leaf - strewn grass he probably should n't have , clutching the book he 'd hidden under his plaid shirt - jacket .
he focused on his salad , chasing down a piece of chicken that tried to hide under a lettuce leaf .
fluffy , thick towels , marble bathtubs with champagne bubbled water , naked walks on foreign beaches , foie gras and leaf wrapped cheese were n't really part of my world .
when i ' ve poked at every leaf and twist of vine , i go back in the opposite direction , trying everything again .
the breeze feels nice against my cheeks , and even right now , when it 's too dark to see any of the surrounding foliage , the air still smells sweet and green .
every gust of wind is a warning ; every rustling leaf is a threat .
a single tear rolls down sophie 's cheek as she moves further away from me and climbs from the pool , nude and shaking like a leaf .
turning over a new leaf , and all that .
i stopped on one that showed a group of five friends with arms linked , dressed in light jackets for a cool fall day judging from the foliage behind them .
the scrub oaks lining the creek bed were leafed out with dark green foliage .
and then to his ... well , no one had bothered to put a fig leaf there .
he barely had time to pull his gun off his shoulder before four daimons broke through the foliage .
the balls whistled in the air a moment before he released them and they flew through the foliage .
he stroked her cheek tenderly before he dropped his hand away and looked down to where the gods ' temples were nestled like jeweled eggs among the evergreen foliage .
delphine followed the smaller goddess to the doors that led out onto a balcony overlooking the rainbow falls and the thick green foliage that surrounded the hall .
hefting the club , he used it to beat a trail through the thick foliage so that they could find shelter and give his body a chance to heal and his powers a chance to charge .
the foliage .
` ` i like the greenery and foliage .
` ` this is an impressive place , '' she breathed , awed by the heated marble floors and gold - leaf trim .
hair as black as sin fell around her shoulders , and eyes as green as a new leaf studied what should have been flaevynn 's body .
a bower of black and silver foliage grew over the trail here , providing cover from above , from the hazy sun that had finally risen .
not only was the stone of this realm black , most of the foliage was onyx and silver .
she picks up a leaf and examines it .
she shakes her head and watches him a minute longer before dropping her leaf on the path .
colin glares at jay before looking down and flicking a leaf off his handlebar .
each rare leaf has a tiny skeleton , visible from even ten feet away .
he bends to pick up a leaf , spinning it in front of him .
fountains and statues of french queens offer contrast to the foliage , and the tops of buildings i ' ve seen only in movies or pictures loom in the distance .
this faerie was no exception : his hair fell in blue - black sheets around a cool , sharp , lovely face ; his eyes were green as vines or moss and there was the shape of a leaf , either a birthmark or tattoo , across one of his cheekbones .
` ` if they give you a token - like a leaf or a flower - to hold on to , and you keep it through the night , you 'll be fine in the morning .
a thin tendril of panic unfurled like a leaf inside clary 's chest .
he braked and drifted carefully downward , soundless , a leaf caught in a tide .
as they rode farther away from alicante , walls of green foliage whipped by on either side , giving way every so often to improbably beautiful vistas : frost blue lakes , green valleys , gray mountains , silver slivers of river and creek flanked by banks of flowers .
his eyes were leaf green .
he was simultaneously aware of every leaf on the branches above him , every tiny pebble on the ground , every pair of eyes that rested on him .
the queen wore a gown as green as grass , and her hair , falling around her shoulders , was the color of a turning leaf .
she struggled to free herself , her dress tangled in the foliage .
he reached up and pulled a leaf off a low - hanging branch overhead .
jordan tore at the leaf in his fingers .
as she turned , isabelle saw the monastery behind her , rising out of the dull foliage .
there was no path ; branches grew in tangles , dark against the clear air , and the foliage underfoot crackled with dryness .
he had long black hair tied back , a scar or mark in the shape of a leaf on one cheek , and his eyes were as green as grass .
he wore a white suit , and a handkerchief with green leaf embroidery peeked from one pocket .
she took the cup and , as casually as one might pick an insect off a leaf , tore a gash in her ashy gray wrist with her teeth .
a hammered gold ring in the shape of a leaf encircled his right ring finger .
she reached to squeeze his hand , fingers brushing across the gold leaf ring on his finger as she did .
with the foliage all gone , the stone was the only cover the hill provided .
clary had n't seen him in the crowd at the ceremony , though she 'd seen nearly everyone else : maia and bat , isabelle in silver , alec very serious in a dark suit , and jace having defiantly discarded his tie somewhere , probably in some nearby foliage .
he reared up , just as i twisted and something - something shiny - black with big fangs - shot from the foliage .
he broke off a dead leaf and closed his fist around it .
i wandered into the mass of bushes and ferns surrounding the clearing where the statue stood , my face periodically caressed by a stray leaf as i pushed branches out of my path .
i did n't remember autumn foliage .
scorched foliage and billowing smoke filled the once - picturesque atrium .
the foliage had long - since disappeared into a mass of blackness - perfect cover .
walking around julian , she carefully poured a clear liquid over the leaf covering .
as we ran through the jungle at breakneck speed , ferns and other foliage whipping our faces , i felt the telltale signs of the tribe 's proximity .
i could ' ve spent hours mesmerized by the peculiarities around me - the two - headed owl settled on a crystal branch , the patch of rainbow - colored four - leaf clovers , two squirrels prancing along the ground on their hind feet , holding hands as a loving couple would - but the four figures now standing beyond the bowl were more than enough to occupy my attention .
pretending that i was just lying in the grass on any regular spring day , and that if i watched closely enough , i 'd get to see it wake up ; i 'd see the leaf buds sprout . ''
i smile , taking in the tiny green leaf bud that sits there .
they had just turned onto st . charles avenue , the heavenly corridor of green , oaks in blinding spring leaf , sun mellow , traffic slow , flash of one lovely house after another .
his long full head of brown hair was snagged with bits of leaf and earth .
on and on through the night they rode , over the open fields , crashing through streams and copses , the great gleaming scimitars rising to hack at the overhanging foliage .
every leaf , every tall blade of grass stroked my exposed flesh .
it flashed on white marble walls , moorish arches , giant doors covered in gold leaf , soaring towers so delicate that they made the dark , crude , stone castles of europe seem somehow clumsy and vulgar .
yes -- when you stripped away everything , he was a fine young sapling of a prince who would come into full leaf under the lash quite predictably .
he shook his head , and a fragment of leaf floated to the floor and landed on the corpse .
i removed one twig with great care , then extricated a leaf .
he looked down to see a pale yellow leaf .
` ` oh , there are so many things i could do to harm you , ditchwater sal , but i shall simply point out that one who has eaten limbus grass can speak nothing but the truth for several hours afterward ; and one more thing ... '' distant lightning flickered in her words as she spoke , and the forest was hushed , as if every leaf and every tree were listening intently to what she said .
from high above him a copper - colored leaf came falling slowly , spinning and gliding and tumbling down .
` ` tristran picked up his bag and he ran , fumbling the leaf into the pocket of his tunic as he did so .
he fumbled in his tunic pocket , finding the lump of wax , which was all that remained of his candle , with a dried copper leaf sticking to it .
he peeled the leaf away from the wax with care .
then he raised the leaf to his ear and listened to what it told him .
and yet i can detect a leaf crackling a half a mile away .
the closest he 'd gotten was with a scantily clad female who 'd painted her skin with leaf designs .
i had really wanted to go to the concert , and sighing for the lost chance , i reached to snip a holly leaf off the centerpiece .
standing at the table , i used my mom 's silver snips to cut the holly leaf into small segments before brushing them into the wine .
he smelled like leaf ash , dusky and thick , and the scent went right to the primitive part of her brain and flicked a switch .
the officer slumped , the folder before him like a fig leaf .
steeling his face into a bland mask , trent trudged forward , slipping through the sunlit shadows without stirring a leaf .
circles of bare dirt were scattered among the leaf litter .
distracted , i settled back in my chair , and , hearing a dry leaf crunch , i picked it out of my hair .
` ` the truth of the matter is i 'd rather have you alive and free of the coven than dead , '' trent said softly , glancing up as a torn leaf drifted down .
flustered , i backed up , holding the briefcase before me like a fig leaf .
` ` i ' m sorry , ma'am , '' he said , holding his hands like a fig leaf .
his lips moved against mine , and i still stood there , my heart pounding as i tasted him - oak and leaf , sun on moving water .
i leaned into him , breathing the chlorine / redwood scent he had mixing with the damp dead - leaf smell of a cold november morning .
the rims of marshal 's ears were red , and he rocked back , his hands in a fig leaf .
nervous , he shifted from foot to foot , clipboard before him like a fig leaf .
al , too , huffed , his back to us as he stared up into the foliage .
hands making a fig leaf with my purse , i watched the foot traffic , feeling out of place in my long sheath dress .
crap on toast , i was gripping my clutch purse like a fig leaf , and disgusted that i 'd handled that with the grace of a troll , i fidgeted where i was , feeling out of place in my tawny dress now that i was n't standing next to a man in a suit .
` ` she gets cold fast , '' he said as if i had protested her moving in with him , but maybe he was really talking to her sisters in the foliage .
every blade of grass , every leaf , took on a razor edge .
i felt small between them , even with the thousand voices echoing between my ears , numb as i was pushed along like a leaf in the wind .
my boots scuffed through the leaf mold to find paving as i shifted closer .
i called , and then with the sudden parting of a leaf from a tree , the connection broke .
he picked up every fallen leaf , even the dead birds .
this time , the rage grew like a tree , sprouting branches , budding leaves , until he could n't see past the thickness of the foliage .
moonlight spilled in every direction , and withered foliage mockingly framed his muscular physique .
she had a robotic arm , yet that beautiful artwork decorated her back , her spine acting as a trellis to all kinds of vibrant foliage .
a true paradise , with palm trees , lush foliage and a white - sand beach .
the hunters were camped in the surrounding foliage and they had to be disposed of quickly , surely .
crouching in moonlight and dewy foliage , water rushing all around , he muttered , ` ` do not interfere . ''
with a sigh , he peered at the surrounding foliage .
he 'd been shoving his way through the foliage and when he spotted her , he stopped .
they were in the forest , foliage surrounding them , heading away from their captivity .
two men stepped past the foliage and at first , she did n't recognize them .
the forest was composed of ash and withered foliage .
chapter twenty - four dry , brittle foliage reached out from the plethora of trees , slapping at strider 's cheeks , scratching his skin and darkening his already black mood .
and shockingly , there was thick , dewy foliage sprouting from the rocks .
the deeper they walked , the more lush the vines became , until there was no gap between leaf and limb , tree and cave wal .
a little dizzy himself , he shouldered his way through the foliage .
chapter twenty - three strider positioned himself on the thick branch of an oak tree , surrounded by lush foliage and darkness .
she melted into the thick , green foliage .
now , those same trees remained perfectly still , not a single leaf dancing in the swirling breeze .
withered ivy with dagger - sharp tips climbed the walls , every leaf reminding him of a spider .
lavender petals were plucked from the foliage , the clear , intoxicating liquid squeezed out before those petals were dried and turned into powder .
she was a brittle leaf hanging on by the thinnest thread , the next cold wind all that was needed to pull her loose and finally send her tumbling away .
a few seconds later , they ruptured the thick green foliage , becoming a half circle of menace around him .
the mountains of montana kane hacked through the foliage in front of him .
somehow , she had entangled herself in his life , as if he were a tree and she the ivy , and he could no longer distinguish his foliage from hers .
he told himself it was because he 'd just lost another leaf from his lifemark - the living image of a tree that covered his chest - but he knew it was more than that .
even in the dim confines of the truck , she could still make out each individual leaf and twig .
he disappeared noiselessly , with only a faint swirl of foliage to show where he had been .
i could n't see anyone through the thick green foliage , and perhaps that was for the best .
i do not know what life will be like , separated from a faction - it feels disengaged , like a leaf divided from the tree that gives it sustenance .
it smells green , the way a leaf does when you tear it in half .
the headlights creep through the tall stalks , illuminating a leaf here , an ear of corn there .
i ' m almost completely surrounded by forest , so much so that even the smell of the water on the back side of the house is eclipsed by the heavy scent of decaying trees and foliage out front .
i headed forward and approached it , running my fingers along the edges of one large leaf .
i resolved then and there to take one banana leaf at a time .
i gave him a wink as i moved to the leaf station and leaned over to grab a mouthful .
summer elbowed past me , heading to the banana leaf station .
` ` um , huddle under a leaf and wait for dawn ? ''
he pointed to the frog , partially hidden by the sweeping curl of a leaf .
the gods know i spent half of my life wearing nothing but a fig leaf .
` ` he meant - we 're glad you ' ve come to stay with us ... my dear , '' said the woman , plucking a leaf from my hair .
after thirty minutes of tiptoeing in the darkness over the leaf covered path , we 'd found the other men and began walking in a quiet formation , me sandwiched somewhere in the middle of the conan conga - line .
and the smells - every leaf , fleck of dirt , drop of rain , and ... her - he could smell them all .
yes , it was time to move on and turn over a new leaf .
even now , as she sat calmly in the truck gazing out the window at the thick , green foliage of the jungle , a tiny emotional tug - of - war had broken out inside her heart .
she was dressed in her normal gypsy / hippie wardrobe , with a patch work sheer blouse with bell sleeves and a long , leaf patterned skirt that hung over her bare feet .
the foliage crashes as several people plunge into the trees , followed by the snapping of twigs .
the dining table that was normally pushed into the corner nook of the kitchen at blake and grace 's house had been pulled out and extended with a leaf .
a grand pathway of clover blanketed the trail toward the edge of the lake , and tiny hovering bugs danced above the star - shaped foliage left abandoned by maple trees .
i only have until the last leaf turns red and falls from the last tree .
he has to leave , and after the last leaf of autumn turns red and falls from the last tree , he 'll be gone . ''
raindrops broke the glassy stillness of the water , distorting the deep red reflection of autumn foliage .
even if i was about to puke , the cool cave of foliage stole my thoughts enough to make me forget how fast i 'd just travelled , and the fruity tingle of wild flowers filled my senses , making it easier to breathe .
i wiped fat raindrops off my shoulder , moving out from under the giant leaf collecting them .
he looked up at the leaf above us and grabbed my hand , leading me to the shelter of a larger tree .
look- '' he pointed to a blue and black butterfly , dancing in the shelter of a silky leaf .
he picked up an orange , star - shaped leaf , scratching the veins with his thumbnail .
david plucked the dry edges of the leaf in hand and flicked the debris onto the wind .
but my fairy - tale timeline meant that for every leaf that fell away , so too did the days i had left with david .
the iron bars behind her dissolved into white tree trunks , and the leaves became visible as green star - shaped foliage for the first time .
` ` until the last red leaf falls , right ? ''
` ` until the last red leaf falls , '' he said with a grin .
it touched my toes , my ankles , and flowed up over my denim jeans and tank top until , as i looked around me for the first time , saw the orange trees and foliage - covered floor of a forest .
mike walked ahead while i followed , taking in the scenery - the soaring , airy trees , some of them yellow , others green , and the dry , leaf - covered forest floor .
they looked like whirly notepad art or the veins on the back of a leaf .
i could hear the wind kiss the thin edges of every leaf , could feel the small droplets of sunlight sneaking through the canopy , dancing intermittently on the bark around my toes , could hear the smallest insects crawling beneath the soil , and hear even the brush of a bird 's wing on the sky .
i felt like a leaf in a pond , held down by a stick - too tired to come back up , too alive to just sink down and give up .
i reached out and toyed aimlessly with a leaf .
i said , running my thumb down the leaf repeatedly .
and at the point i expected the brown leaf in my palm to ignite , it came to life : green starting up the stem , spreading out like rivers of water along the veins , bringing moisture and elasticity back to its surface until , finally , i felt its spirit again .
the leaf seemed to revel in the sunshine , the magic of life tingling against my fingertips .
but it was just a leaf .
he finally turned to her , grabbed the shirt , threw it to the side of the road , thick with decomposing leaf mold , and ground it in with his foot .
i blink at the thick wall of foliage blocking my view .
they cast long shadows over the foliage below , bathing us in a cool , green light .
i shrug , snatching a leaf from a branch as i pass .
i look up , at the pine trees and foliage all around .
grace watched dash pick up a leaf and start chewing .
the walls were made of white marble flecked with gold and the huge pillars that were embedded within the walls were coated in gold leaf .
behind , the pale walls of the mansion became less and less visible as trunks encroached and as we gradually descended - the ground sloped slightly - it became difficult to even spot the uppermost spires through the pine trees , which had replaced the fiery foliage .
ahead , the two sage leapt elegantly from root to root , hardly touching the ground and never so much as brushing a single thorn nor leaf .
the knife pressed under my chin seemed warmer and i could see a lonely droplet of sweat - my sweat - trailing down its length and pausing momentarily at its tip as a perfect teardrop , like rain on a leaf waiting to fall .
it was white and paneled ; the joints of each section covered in what i thought might be gold leaf , but i did n't have the chance to take a closer look as he opened the door and stepped inside .
embedded columns surrounded the windows all along the front wall and those in the back wall ; there was so much light that it bounced off the white walls and gold leaf and made the wooden floor look like it was covered in shards of glass .
the decor on the ground floor was very similar to that above : gold leaf , murals , and high ceilings , with windows flooding the whole place in light .
i tried to smack the table in frustration , but my fingers were trapped between a laurel leaf and a spiral and i just ended up crying out in pain instead .
now i knew it symbolized both the death 's touch rose and the canadian maple leaf .
instead i turned back to the conservatory and had barely crossed the threshold when a waxy leaf belonging to a white lily , so vast and heavy its stem drooped to the floor , caught fire .
making surprisingly efficient tinder , the entire leaf was engulfed .
in contrast , several of the charms - a miniature big ben , a tiny blue - and - white - striped surfboard , a maple leaf , a plastic dartmoor pony , and a rubbery devonian flag - were tacky , the sort of things picked up in tourist shops , though the significance of each was worth more than the gems ever could be .
the sheets were replaced with those i had received for my birthday ; the heavy beige drapes with white ones ; the gold leaf , which had turned almost brown but coated everything , was cleaned .
your human school , they ... they attacked it , and ... '' i bowed my head and fixed my eyes very , very hard on the carved maple leaf on the foot of the table , trying to remain detached and avoid the inevitable guilt and dread that began to rise .
zane looked up as well , only catching glimpses of the gray evening sky between the layers of colored foliage barely illuminated by the fire .
he reached up and plucked off a leaf that had stuck to his forehead , looking at it dejectedly .
` ` he 's right , '' he told zane as he dropped the leaf to the ground .
suddenly , two men moved through the overgrown foliage to his right .
earl and deuce slowly separating from the foliage drew zane 's attention .
deuce shook his head and started through the thick foliage , muttering to himself as he went .
they could see spots that were rusted through , and others where it looked as if a leaf landing on the metal would cause it to give in .
wes handing me one poor boy bouquet after another , and me writing love poems to him over the back of each leaf .
that dark hair , those green eyes the color of a maple leaf with the sun filtering through - i ' ve memorized him .
he let me follow him around and observe while he sketched gnarled branches , the anatomy of a leaf with all of its intricacies .
we sit on a bench beneath a sugar maple with branches that vault their citrine foliage straight up into the pale expanse - grey as cooper 's eyes .
i just want to tangle up in a ball with wes , write him a poem on the back of a leaf , and have him recite it to me the way he used to while i listen to the baritone of his voice , feel it vibrate through his chest as i lean up against him .
he settles a leaf in the span between us , and everything in me enlivens .
my love burns bright for you are the words he inscribed on the leathery leaf of a rubber tree - last one he gave me .
i twirl the leaf wes gave me between my fingers , let the soft roll of the stem tickle my flesh .
each sage - colored leaf is peppered with a heartfelt i love you .
did you see the gold leaf chocolate medallions ?
her heart beats erratic against me as she stares horrified at the mass of foliage .
i bless the top of her head with a kiss before lowering us back to earth , soft and gentle like a leaf carried by the wind .
we meander past the boulders , past the howling screams of laughter , and off to a quiet sandy area secluded by a wall of overgrown foliage .
ellis tosses a dry leaf into the flames and it explodes into ashes .
makes it look like a living thing , the leaf of some exotic plant you could crawl inside and float in .
foliage and flowers i have never seen before crawl along either side of the walk .
i twist to get a better view from the foliage .
my mother radiates , bright as the sun , she steals the glory from the foliage around her , makes the unnaturally gorgeous landscape of ahava look two dimensional , flat and stale as a black and white portrait .
i find a seat in the back behind some fake foliage and try to imagine what my life would be like if my father never died , if paragon remained some dot on the map i 'd never heard of .
i land soft as leaf into logan 's waiting arms .
a downpour ignited as soon as the bell rang , which leaves ninety percent of the student body huddling en mass like ants under a leaf .
i peel back the final page , written on the inside cover in bold print reads , people i hate brody bishop emerson kragger lexy bakova michelle miller ellis harrison gage oliver skyla messenger chapter forty - nine the death of you i flex the diary upside down until the picture of ezrina floats out , gentle as a leaf .
every year i would designate a different color paper , different textures - one year they were all in the shape of a leaf .
a part of me wants to believe i ' ve got standards somewhere in this depraved mind of mine , and i draw the line at girls who give more blow jobs than a leaf blower .
the doors open to reveal a beautiful rooftop patio , full of plush furniture , large , ornate gold planters boasting cut - leaf rhododendrons , spanish moss falling down ledges of the balcony , and the tops of banana trees from the courtyard below .
we can see across to similar patios on similar hotels , although it 's small enough up here , and the foliage is plush enough that it feels private .
she was sitting in a bed of dried fallen leaves the colours of red , brown , yellow and orange , some of the leaves even had all four colours , in one single leaf .
in all this bizarreness , the most bizarre of all was that i was trembling like a leaf and bawling like a baby .
others still were seasonal , orange , brown and gold leaf designs in fall , pastel flowers in spring , easter eggs , halloween witches , christmas poinsettias or snowmen .
a full - length , freestanding , oval mirror with the pear , apple , orange , leaf and vine theme at the top and drifting down the sides .
i sat , not wanting to divert his attention again but i sat on the edge of the bench and how i stayed on the bench i had no clue since i was shaking like a leaf .
i was also running through the daxshee to keep up with bain 's quick , determined , urgent strides and i was shaking like a leaf .
this was met with an even more profound silence and sibyl continued in her pursuit of making certain every leaf of spinach was finely coated with dressing .
colin asked , throwing his suit jacket over a four hundred and fifty year old chair with a dry , preserved oak leaf sitting in its seat , the national trust 's indication that tourists were not permitted to sit there .
gettin ' clarice here to turn over a new leaf .
i was sitting ( more like shaking like a f**king leaf ) on one of the cash register counters and all the cops were surrounding me .
after all , he was attempting to turn over a new leaf just as gemma was .
anthony half - expected her to abandon him near the foliage .
unfortunately , the corner she chose for her hiding place was also the home to several indoor plants , which offered some lovely camouflage to match her dress , but when she backed into the foliage , her dress snagged and she was stuck fast .
choking on the unexpected laugh , cordelia replied , ` ` i do love foliage . ''
interesting hobby , considering you accused me of having an unhealthy fascination with foliage . ''
` ` i do love foliage . ''
it comes from a leaf , by the way . ''
` ` new leaf . ''
` ` i like this leaf . ''
apparently ground coffee is what a new leaf smelled like .
` ` new leaf .
chapter six chase she was shaking like a damn leaf .
and i had a sinking sensation that i was the solitary leaf in the hot sun just waiting to get scorched alive .
a writing desk in the corner is scrolled with vines of inlaid wood , as if it were being reclaimed by the forest leaf by leaf .
a writing desk in the corner is scrolled with vines of inlaid wood , as if it were being reclaimed by the forest leaf by leaf .
we wound deeper into the park , hand in hand as a hot breeze ruffled the foliage and our hair .
i asked when the car rounded a fountain - kind of gaudy - surrounded by foliage in the middle of the wraparound driveway .
dorian runs a hand over the top of his blond , spiky hair , the sleeve of his dark gray sweater slipping away from his wrist , revealing a rolex worn over a black and gray tattoo of a blood - tipped leaf down the center of his wrist bone .
it was n't the thick foliage that was a constant threat to trip him , or the clinging shadows that could hide anything .
the walls were decorated with hand - painted silk upholstery , the doors made of ebony inlaid with gold leaf , and the chandeliers studded with sapphires and pearls .
there was n't even a stray leaf to mar the perfection .
without speaking , they entered the thick woods , their steps barely stirring a leaf as they moved in silence .
feeling her strength return , along with a flood of hope , regan grimly headed up the steeply angled bank , using the dagger to hack through the thicker foliage .
santiago dropped his glass as he stared in shock at the ornamental silver blade that was shaped like a leaf with a leather pommel inset with tiny rubies .
somewhere overhead levet was hunting for his evening meal , but the thick foliage made it impossible to sense anything beyond a few feet .
i honestly felt sorry for one of our elite 's most valuable strategic minds , because as eli approached me , it was clear to anyone watching that he was shaking like a leaf , mortified by the idea of close combat with me .
as she stood before me , shaking like a leaf , afraid of everything and nothing , i did the one thing i knew how to do at the moment .
despite the fact that she was shaking like a leaf , sofia still had that fight in her .
i looked around the trees until i found a broad leaf that was dry enough for my purposes .
smoothing the leaf against its surface as much as i could , i inscribed a message .
i picked another leaf and started again .
` ` vampire , i was going to throw away your leaf as soon as i saw it , as i did with your dagger and ( my ) lilies .
be still and impersonate a leaf .
` ` anyway , '' mia said with another pointed glance at her brother as she speared a lettuce leaf with her fork , ` ` i showed him a great piece of waterfront on friday with an absolutely perfect house already built .
` ` selena , '' he called out , going across to the balcony and leaning on all that gold leaf .
as beautiful as that place was , all the gold leaf and crystal chandeliers and antique furniture could get a little stifling- riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiip .
so much gold leaf , so many crystals , and those colored marble columns ?
the fishing boat that puttered around the corner was as low to the river as a floating leaf and nearly as silent .
finally , i decided on a multicolored green leaf - print chiffon number .
until she was nearly as insane as he , her body shaking like a lone leaf fluttering in a strong breeze .
frantic , he pushed his way through the thick foliage , stopping abruptly as he saw a soft glow just ahead , the transparent figure of a woman seeming to hover above the water , his bride standing reverently before it , mumbling softly .
luke walked over to me and took a piece of a dead leaf out of my hair and stared into my eyes .
thick with autumn foliage , the trees were colorful and the moss on the ground was the most vivid green i 'd ever seen .
he was back now though , with a leaf stuck behind his ear .
for all he cared , we could ' ve been talking about a dead leaf .
cool waves lapped at my shins , and james stood beside me , shaking like a leaf .
it looks just like a green leaf . ''
once they were well - concealed by foliage , they shoved him up against the trunk of a tree and raised their guns .
meeks nudged a fallen leaf into the water with his foot .
there was so much foliage in his backyard she doubted anyone would be able to peer in at them even in broad daylight and without a fence .
despite the foliage that provided her with a modicum of privacy , she could see part of his dark head above the tall stone fence and arch of the gate .
noelle raised one hand to pluck a leaf from her hair .
the dense foliage blocked out most of the moonlight .
then , when he plunged into the foliage , she hurried around the dogs ' pen instead .
no movement or light or sound except for a sluggish wind that caused a dry leaf to skitter across the ground .
a leaf blower started next door , drowning out the sound of officer ambrose 's voice as he called the station to report where he was and what he was doing .
not over the noise of that leaf blower .
josh stared at the trees between the stable and the house , watching as a single yellow leaf swirled to the ground .
it led him farther up the mountain , where the forest grew denser and rocks , foliage , fallen limbs and rotting logs made progress difficult .
embroidered all over with white silk thread , poppies and roses , and there , where it flares out over the hips , a staghorn beetle on a green leaf .
we sneak through the foliage .
i stared at the fruits lying on the large green palm leaf .
i reached out and removed a small leaf from the side of his ear .
tuck , sprout , perry and mac - who still had n't said a single word to me - all waited in the trees , shielded by the thick foliage .
buildings , faces , trees down to the last leaf - it was amazing .
his rich brown cloak is clasped in place with the silver oak leaf of saint camulos , the patron saint of battle and soldiers .
he also wore the silver oak leaf of saint camulos , '' i add , in case that will help in any way .
a flash of silver catches my eye , and i run my finger along the oak leaf pinned to the cloak .
but all i hear is the drip of the heavy mist as it falls upon the leaf mold on the forest floor , the creak of our saddles , and the faint jingle of harness .
i look pointedly at the silver leaf on his cloak .
his fingers drift to the silver oak leaf of saint camulos on his cloak .
even though there are hours of daylight left , little sun gets through the thick tangle of foliage overhead .
for even though i do not worship her , i can feel her presence in the rich loam and leaf mold beneath our feet , and in the quiet rotting of the fallen logs .
there is even a small patch of tender grass shoots peeking up through the leaf mold - sweet grazing for fortuna .
a lone woman , even one of mortain 's own , can not go against so many any more than a leaf can swim upstream .
so like a leaf in a stream , i will let myself be carried along in the hellequin 's current and hope that it will take me where i wish to go .
knox and i spend a few hours walking around to each section to find lush landscape , stunning foliage , magnificent sculptures , and delightful water fountains and bigger than life oak tree trees .
he took me around back and we walked quietly through the night foliage , listening like thieves for the neighbors who would notice , the ones who might tell .
you could be the leaf that never falls from the tree you could be the sun that never leaves the sky this might be the happy ending without the ending this might be a reason to try when he returned to me , he had two bottles in his hands , and i was making furious leaps into my notebook , playing the ghost guitar and singing solos to the birds around me .
thick canopy overhead , sharp needle green , interlaced with fronds , giving the others ' skin a peculiar , sickly glow ; glint of yellow in the foliage , slither - crawl of webbed feet slipping out of his line of sight .
a scanning gaze showed him minutiae that other people would n't notice : a cocoon on the underside of a leaf , the bulge of eggs laid in the dense clay at water 's edge , and the twinkle of a silver charm .
shaking like a leaf , i padded to my room and shut that door , as well , like he might be chasing me .
she fixed a quick meal of soup and sandwiches while rob added the leaf to the table , since he and lauren were staying to eat .
he just got up and put the leaf in the table without being asked , quietly taking care of things like he always did .
late summer suited mount albion ; the lush green foliage made the grounds seem stately and impressive .
i did n't do well as a leaf no longer attached to tree .
without the sun , the dense foliage looks eerie .
the foliage helps to soften the stone walls and the tall pillars .
as if it was as simple as plucking a leaf off a tree .
i was shaking like a leaf , but trying to reassure her .
a leaf blower was still in van 's hands .
at any rate , by the time we got to the front door , i was shaking like a leaf .
bits of gold and silver leaf glinted here and there among the gray stone , while the hardwood floors gleamed like sheets of bronze underfoot .
gold , silver , and bronze leaf glinted here and there on the walls before spreading up to cover the entire ceiling in dazzling disks of color .
rory could pick up a twig and stab someone to death with it or slice open a reaper 's throat with the edge of a frozen leaf .
it was small , silver , and more like a leaf than a true flower , but i recognized the shape of it .
my breath caught in my throat , and my fingers curled so tightly around the leaf that the metal edges pricked my skin .
` ` the mistletoe chain is quite beautiful , but this looks like a silver laurel leaf .
aiko moved through the reapers , spinning this way and that , like a leaf dancing in the wind .
if not for the laurel leaf on my bracelet digging into my palm , i might have drowned in that intense heat , in that sense of absolute , utter , unstoppable power .
the greek goddess hera had added a leaf onto a jeweled ring that her husband , zeus , had planned to give to one of his many mortal lovers .
only when zeus had given his lover the ring , she had dropped dead because of hera 's jealousy and the malicious intent with which the goddess had used the leaf .
but to my surprise , the leaf came off quite easily , as though i 'd reached up and plucked it from a tree .
i stared at the leaf in the palm of my hand and concentrated , but i got the same cool , calm vibe off it that i always did .
so i closed my hand around the leaf , so tight that i felt one of the sharp edges cut into my palm and draw a drop of blood .
the leaf looked the same as before , and i had no way of knowing if my silent plea had had any effect on it at all .
in fact , the leaf had sunk so deeply into the candle that you could barely see the silver outline of it against the white wax .
not when i only had one laurel leaf left on my bracelet and no time to press it into the wax .
my mistletoe bracelet with its lone remaining laurel leaf was still wrapped around my wrist , only because no one could figure out how to get it off me .
then , i reached down , pushed up my sweater sleeve , and plucked the last silver laurel leaf off the mistletoe bracelet around my wrist .
he asked , staring at the leaf , which glinted underneath the library lights .
he slipped the leaf into his pants pocket .
he 's using it at this very moment to heal you , along with the last laurel leaf . ''
she stuck a leaf in her mouth and chewed .
` ` let 's just call it a new leaf .
we follow mendoza past the burn marks and an open field , up to the last building on the hill before a wild bramble of trees and jungle foliage takes over .
gomes ' screams ring out in the courtyard , scaring up birds and other small animals in the foliage .
a leaf was tickling my arm , and i pushed it away , quickly turning to look at the sun .
the massed foliage of the gardens was so thick it was like looking at the top of a jungle canopy .
a dark , earthy perfume of freshly cut flowers , potted plants and decaying foliage assailed her senses .
tiny lights fluttered between its branches - each wavy leaf as big as my head .
birds sang in the foliage .
all around me flowers bloomed , trees spread their vast canopies , insects fluttered from leaf to leaf , birds sang ...
all around me flowers bloomed , trees spread their vast canopies , insects fluttered from leaf to leaf , birds sang ...
then she notched the blade , cocked the bow and aimed it at the dense foliage around the shoreline .
even as she made a grab for her balance the arrow was thudding into some unseen object in the foliage .
` ` and instead you 're just sitting there shaking like a leaf ? ''
but once the ship had touched down , there was little to interfere with the sensation of endlessly lush , dark foliage , stretching forever in all directions .
occasionally cidra caught a splash of movement as some river denizen leapt out of the water to snatch a tasty morsel that had made the mistake of journeying too far out on a broad leaf .
he slowed , using the thick foliage for concealment , and edged toward the sounds .
severance edged around a leaf wider than he was tall and stared at the predator that held the screaming man .
the twin moons would be shining , illuminating a path through the thick foliage .
yet here the green velvet underfoot was obviously not having to compete with other foliage .
a small brook emerged from the jungle on the far side of the protected clearing , bubbled through it , and disappeared into the foliage on the opposite side .
here 's a green leaf . ''
so she shoved the leaf at him .
when he took the leaf from her , her fingers brushed against his palm and her stomach locked down tight .
he released his hold on her hand , if not her mind , and put the leaf away .
his throat had gone dry like a shriveled - up leaf .
far ahead on the mountaintop , cushioned with the fluffy foliage of the weird 's old forests , a castle thrust to the sky .
` ` you 're shaking like a leaf and you smell of fear .
jack slunk up the tree branches , higher and higher , digging his claws into the fragrant bark , until he reached the top of the pine towering above the foliage .
right now a half - ounce u.s . gold eagle is trading for four hundred and fifty - seven dollars and forty - seven cents and a half - ounce maple leaf is going for four hundred and sixty - four dollars and ninety - four cents . ''
jeremiah plucked a wide triangular leaf from a low branch and held it up .
he tried to shake them off , and when that failed , tried to pull them off with his teeth and got a leaf stuck to his face for his trouble .
jack reached over , plucked a small leaf from the nearest tree , and nervously chewed on it .
jack swallowed the leaf .
tal grasses with blade - shaped silvery leaves surrounded dark bushes , their foliage splaying out in wide rosettes .
fascinated , i crouched in the grass and watched one of the glowing blossoms settle on a leaf .
it came slowly , like molasses , from the dark spaces deep between the roots , washing over trees , leaching color from the greenery , drenching it in shadows , until the shrubs and foliage turned dark , almost gray .
medusa stretched her neck toward the nearest tree , tearing off a clump of foliage between large teeth .
it came slowly , like molasses , from the dark spaces deep between the roots , washing over trees , leaching color from the greenery , drenching it in shadows , until the shrubs and foliage turned dark , almost grey .
` ` no constables , no dock , though you are a bloody little tea leaf . ''
gently , i plucked it from its leaf and held it in the palm of my hand .
` ` i just - '' ` ` emma , please , '' he said , and the way he was looking at her , it was like the moment itself - so bright with expectation only seconds before - was now spiraling away , taken up by the wind like a stray leaf .
at the edge of the field a wall of trees rose from the untidy lawn , and emma disappeared into their midst , pulling back branches and picking her away along a leaf - covered path .
it did make the greek - style architecture look impressive , rising up from the rocky hill with tastefully hidden spotlights shining on the different foliage and the house , but spade knew those spotlights were also security .
the trees across the runway were in full leaf .
the foliage clinging desperately to the rock walls changed species with the elevation .
she tested blowing air into the palm tree with her mind and found that it worked well : the leaf nearest the valve swelled a little .
breaking off a piece , she split the spiky leaf in half , then gently rubbed the thick jelly - like substance found on the inside of the leaf over the burns on her legs .
breaking off a piece , she split the spiky leaf in half , then gently rubbed the thick jelly - like substance found on the inside of the leaf over the burns on her legs .
i saw everything in great detail , each thread in my coat , each blade of grass , each leaf on a tree , each drop of water that flowed through the river .
true , she had stolen a little blood , but surely she could be forgiven for that , if forgiveness was necessary ... she stopped beneath a weeping willow tree , lightly rolling one of the leaves between her thumb and forefinger , amazed at the nuances in the texture of the leaf .
she could hear the whisper of each leaf , hear the sap running through the branches , the creak of the wood as the tree swayed in the breeze .
true , she had stolen a little blood , but surely she could be forgiven for that , if forgiveness was necessary ... she stopped beneath a weeping willow tree , lightly rolling one of the leaves between her thumb and forefinger , amazed at all the nuances in the texture of the leaf .
she saw and heard everything clearly , the delicate veins in the leaf of a tree , the rustle of feathers as a bird stirred in a nest overhead .
a deep breath filled her nostrils with the scent of earth and foliage and the stink of an animal long dead .
sometimes something as simple as the foliage reminded me of how far we were from home .
we pushed our way through the thick foliage , occasionally becoming tangled in the vines .
i gazed at the trees , amazed by the gorgeous hues of the foliage .
i knew that logically i should no longer be in a garden and should be at the far wall , but judging by the foliage all around me , i was still in a garden .
` ` it 's just the way it is here ; energo has different foliage . ''
as someone who loves southern foliage , i was in heaven .
` ` emily mentioned ice cream , are we going to sweet leaf ? ''
sweet leaf was a really cute little shop that still served homemade ice cream .
ginger was shaking like a leaf by then with thoughts she was compelled not to think pressing her from their locked closet .
he sends out into the water nets that are no stronger than metaphors , trawling for the smallest pieces of drowned bark and leaf , gathering them together , dodging around any fish or eel or water snake .
would you pause to exchange pleasantries with a falling leaf or a raindrop running down a windowpane ? ''
in the slanted light , he looked like a woodland creature , his wild hair full of bits of leaf and twig .
the neighborhood had lawns , pretty lawns , with rigidly planted and mulched flower beds - but a lawn - care service trimmed every blade of grass there , pruned every bush , raked every leaf .
alexandra glances at me quickly , then turns her eyes back to the foliage surrounding the yard .
i do n't want to even see you without a shirt , much less wearing nothing but a banana leaf .
taking a bath under a canopy of leafy vines is romantic in its own way - until a large bug falls off a leaf and into the bathwater . ''
` ` and these '' -he brushed a leaf with his fingertip- '' are honey pear trees . ''
i could n't stand being in san diego any longer , '' i said , playing with a leaf that had fallen into his truck bed as he sat on the truck gate .
` ` oh , mine 's pretty bad , '' i warned , twirling the leaf .
but by the time i made it to the bottom of those basement stairs , i was shaking like a horrified leaf .
i run into the living room and find her sitting on the couch muttering to herself , shaking like a leaf and pointing to a note on the floor .
even if the guy holding it is shaking like a leaf , you never take on a guy with a gun .
so why am i shaking like a leaf in anticipation ?
` ` the rest of the foliage gets light as the shutters turn . ''
we both looked up as jonah burst through the foliage in front of us .
when i thought i could n't take any more and my entire body shook like a leaf , adam lowered my hips back onto the bed and came over me .
` ` you 're white as a ghost , your hands are shaking like a leaf , '' he pointed out , ` ` and you 're not staring at me with those bedroom eyes of yours . ''
` ` you come to work with bruises and injuries , shaking like a leaf and jumping at every sound you hear .
she did n't listen , of course , but continued to attack the leaf like it was some sort of menacing object .
but i was n't ready to think about where we might be or what might lie in wait tucked deep inside the foliage .
he glanced out into the foliage and then back at me .
we did n't really explore too deeply into the foliage .
he had the wood stacked in no time , and then i watched in fascination as he adeptly used two sticks to create a flame , which he then used some of the stuff ( mostly foliage ) as kindling and started what would be a very decent - sized fire .
8 i heard my name being yelled and the thrashing of foliage behind me , but i did n't look .
within minutes , he was back down on the ground and i rushed to gather everything that rolled beneath the foliage .
i made a little pile beneath the tree and then went after the last one that was deep beneath a broad leaf .
we came to a little area that seemed to have more dense foliage than the other places around us .
` ` c'm on , '' he said , leading us out of the protection of the foliage and over to the water .
we walked for several hours , stopping every so often to duck into dense foliage , to drink a little bit of rainwater that gathered around the plants .
the foliage began to thin slightly and through it , i caught the sight of the distant sand and beach .
there was n't even a leaf out of place .
if someone was going to attack me , they 'd first have to spot me high up amongst a tree 's bountiful foliage , but also manage to not make a sound as they came up after me .
he was casual and nonchalant , but i was shaking like a leaf .
it was endless land covered in trees and foliage .
there were lots of foliage and tropical plants back here and the neighbor 's house was n't even visible , so it made the job even easier .
when i stepped around the house and into the foliage , i heard the water in the pool ripple .
` ` they 're all elements from my venezuelan home , the foliage , flowers , vines . ''
` ` i could feel you trembling like a leaf . ''
they were where he wanted them to be , hidden by foliage .
she took a step past leto , peering into the foliage near the south end of the patio .
his sword slipped from his hand , spinning through the foliage .
he grabbed for her and the next moment she was in his arms and flat against his chest , stuck to him like a wet autumn leaf .
the unique gleam of gold leaf shone everywhere .
but the trees grew red with what looked like fire at first , but could n't have been since the foliage did n't catch and burn .
megan sat on a chair , bent over , and with artistry and skill , squeezed another leaf from yet another bag of well - crafted green icing .
she did the leaves swiftly , one after the other , and they were nearly identical , perfect , and very leaf - like .
megan lifted the icing bag from her leaf job .
her sister stopped whacking at the foliage with her purse and bent over to stare at her suspiciously .
ethan played with the leaf of the oleander bush growing in a pot next to him .
at any given moment from march to october , there was a middle - aged man taming his minimal plot of land into a perfect emerald postage stamp , with conical bushes and staggered foliage , so something was always in bloom .
the path was deserted , everyone still down at the buffet , and it was lush with foliage , and thick with humidity in the glow of faux gas lamps .
i am yours most sincerely , marie evangeline theresa bouvier du bourg marley watched out the window as the taxi turned into a deeply rutted drive , nearly consumed by low - hanging branches and lush foliage .
when we arrived in the port of new orleans , the brackish water clinging to the ship , a fetid smell rising up our nostrils , and grasping water foliage swaying and reaching for us , damien gave a grim smile and said , ` ` welcome to louisiana , marie . ''
the house , while lovely and sizable , is stuffy and close at all times because of the louisiana heat , and the foliage , the swamp , the insects , all seem to close in around the house and press down upon it .
and the way she had watched the guests ... her eyes wide , glazing over , her cheeks pink and her breath tumbling out over plump lips ... damien swore , leaning against the wall , the foliage in the garden wild and overgrown , the vines and branches and leaves rushing in a hundred different directions , consuming the path , the bench , the house , the once elegant brick wall .
the light blue house looked lonely , lacking in foliage or flowers .
the foliage on and around the deck was manicured , the houses in all directions new and crisply white and ivory , the retail buildings all soldiered along the main roads .
reaching down , she yanked up a piece of the foliage and the dirt beneath it .
the juliet balcony jutted out over the foliage like a feminine curtsy before racing in either direction in the more traditional new orleans gallery .
felix jerked from the pain and the serpent slid off his shoulders , tumbling over the side of the balcony , following camille in a surreal tangle of its long heavy body , framed by the stones , the lush green foliage on either side of it .
there was no answer , not even a breeze stirring the foliage of her trees and potted bushes .
there at school , i liked the dense foliage , the thick snow on top of the trees .
pinching a leaf off as he went down the row of lusty green plants , he surveyed his crop and was satisfied .
i watch her as she picks off a leaf and tears it up , sprinkling the ripped pieces on the pavement as we walk .
` ` what did that leaf ever do to you ? ''
` ` and the pavement deserved being covered in the leaf ? ''
liam accelerated , the jeep plowing deeper into the tunnel of everglades foliage .
he spread foliage on top , mostly more banana leaves .
her hand fell to rest on joshua 's back as he settled on the leaf bed , curling up with heavy eyes .
the guardian sidestepped a log , work boots crunching along the foliage , and pressed a hand to the still - warm door frame and looked inside .
he 'd almost worn out his leaf shoes already .
tough to do when she was shaking like a leaf in the aftermath .
his forehead furrowed as he steered the suv up the winding path through beach foliage to the main house .
new leaf turnover time .
but she did n't have time to analyze oxygen particles and rotting foliage .
she stared at her feet trekking across mushy foliage , waiting for him to give the obvious answer she 'd probably been subconsciously fishing for .
chapter 4 sara broke off another waxy palm leaf that lucas swore he could somehow weave into a shelter for the night .
without thinking , no surprise around paige , he swiped a leaf sticking in her hair .
foliage and moss is thick enough here to cover .
she plucked a leaf from a low - hanging branch , crumpled it in her hand .
she studied him for four lazy swishes of the pawley 's hammock , her fist further mangling the leaf .
but then in some cases with endometriosis , even if pregnancy occurs , the body- '' she unfurled her fist and let the wind carry away the shredded leaf ` ` -my body can be a hostile environment .
the press of her naked curves against him was damn near driving him insane with the urge to drop to the ground right here , right now and thrust inside her , out here in the open air , on the lush earth , with the scent of crushed foliage and flowers all around them .
watching as carly moved one leaf around the plate , he surmised that she was n't any more hungry than he .
she accompanied the other woman out the open french doors and down a winding path , lined with green foliage and pink flowers juliette could n't name but loved on sight .
the foliage and trees were burnt orange , yellow , and brown , thanks to the end of fall , and the sky above seemed to go on and on .
he picked a stray leaf from her hair and a twig from the back of her shirt and she merely chuckled .
` ` but i ' m going to tell her because , starting tomorrow , i ' m turning over a new , responsible leaf .
he was standing on the path she 'd just come from , a leaf stuck in his curly black hair .
he wore a crimson coat and breeches with a gold waistcoat embroidered in crimson , purple , and bright leaf green .
behind the jars of finely ground tobacco were twists of leaf tobacco for smoking .
to emphasize his point , he spat into the decayed leaf litter that blanketed saint house 's garden .
on one leaf lay a gaudy black and yellow butterfly , each leg and antenna drawn in meticulous detail .
gliding down to the yew hedge , the swallow plucked a single leaf .
so when a swallow flew in her window one night and presented her with the leaf from a yew bush , she knew exactly what it meant ... ... -from truth teller ` ` do you think he 's really sir alistair 's friend ? ''
` ` you scrape the leaf against your teeth .
it is most important that you be properly attired- '' ` ` in gold leaf , if possible , '' a masculine voice cut into emeline 's homily .
the town house garden was mediocre , but she kept her pace slow as if she might actually be interested in dying foliage .
the other man 's horse shied at a leaf , and for a moment , he tended to the reins .
her entire body shook like a leaf in a windstorm , rocking even harder when she heard the squeal of tires coming from the road .
he sat down at the edge of the thick gold duvet and stared at the redhead , who was shaking like a leaf .
he stared down at the lavish kidney - shaped swimming pool below , surrounded by healthy green foliage and colorful exotic flowers .
i could see trees bending and hear them snapping , but i could not see the monsters causing it through the thick foliage of the trees .
halfway up the tree i shimmied out to the end of a thick branch and flattened myself against it in order to blend in with the thick foliage surrounding me .
moving slightly , he caught a brief look at the enemy through the heavy foliage .
he studied the sniper through the foliage .
she felt the small movement of his arm , so slow , inch by slow inch so as not to disturb a single leaf .
the sun slid through the heavy foliage and kissed her flawless skin .
she flashed a small smile and reached for a leaf , examining the thin veins running through it .
rose was already jolting them forward , the humvee rolling over the thick foliage and smashing down the displaced dirt .
he swore under his breath and kept his gaze fixed on the surrounding forest , studying the trees and brush as if each piece of foliage intrigued him .
there was n't as much foliage , but he blended in with the rock and moved at a steady pace , not too fast to draw the eye , but fast enough to get around behind the sniper .
once the sniper was busy , kadan eased his body closer , hardly breathing , not allowing a single leaf to crackle beneath his weight .
using his elbows to propel him forward , he slithered through the jungle of foliage to the edge of the glass .
the dense foliage and trees would provide them with cover as they made their way to the safe house .
she was close enough that at first glance one might mistake her for part of the foliage .
his skin color changed to better blend with his surroundings , and his specially designed clothes reflected the colors around him , allowing him the effect of disappearing completely into the surrounding foliage , hidden from prying eyes .
jack frowned , rolled back over , and using elbows and toes , inched his way forward through heavy foliage .
jack reloaded as he ran , keeping to the heavier foliage as he swept the region for any sign of the enemy , protecting ken as he zigzagged his way through the heavy timber and brush to reach the fallen enemy .
he pushed aside foliage and saw the sniper lying just below him , facing away .
he tried to stay to the heavier foliage when at all possible , deep in the trees , careful not to expose his body as he ran toward the rendezvous point .
ken swore softly and moved into position just on the edge of the clearing , where he could stay covered by the foliage .
and that meant there would be foliage .
there was a burst of male voices swearing , but she had already landed , camouflaged by the thick foliage , smashing through a bush , the branches tearing up her hands and arms , as she rolled , trying to protect her leg .
he imagined sweeping his hand down the curve of her bare bottom as she moved toward him like a jungle cat , creeping through the foliage to make her way to him .
he scooted back into the foliage , careful to keep the thin branches from swaying as he passed through .
he took care that his skin reflected the foliage around him .
there was a small silence while they listened to flames roaring in anger , threatening the foliage and nearby trees .
jack crawled through the thick foliage for a better view .
ken leapt in and caught the rifle thrown at him , picking it out of the air with one hand , swinging it to his shoulder , and dropping to cover his brother as he came out of the foliage .
the forest , with all the gently swaying trees and thick foliage , seemed a refuge , something she knew , somewhere she could hide .
he hunched , trying to make himself smaller , staying to the thicker foliage so anyone watching would only catch glimpses of him .
he ran through the trees , leapt over rocks , foliage tearing at his skin .
he began to draw it out with a smooth , practiced motion , his brain working all the while with icy precision , calculating distances to weapons , planning each step to get him into the foliage of the jungle .
jack dove for the thickest foliage nearest him , somersaulting into the leafy ferns , and ran at a low crouch along the narrow trail made by some small animal .
once into the darker areas , he blended into the foliage , the stripes and patterns of the jungle covering his skin , from his face down his neck , his chest , and arms .
jack leapt into the trees , using low - lying branches , climbing swiftly up to the crotch of a tall evergreen tree that was particularly heavy with foliage .
around him , the heavy foliage kept him hidden and the vines enabled fast travel up and down the trees should he need it .
to his ghostwalker - enhanced vision , the yellow and red heat waves of their bodies glowed neon bright against the cooler jungle foliage .
he froze when the two perimeter guards looked directly at him but did n't see him , his body blending in with the trees and foliage around him .
jack skirted around the clearing , keeping to the heavier foliage as he closed in on the armory .
once into the heavier foliage , he went up into the trees , stashing his supplies and taking the time for another satisfying drink .
he angled his entry away from the well - used trail and into the thicker foliage .
biyoya leapt out , ducking into the foliage , screaming at the soldiers to fan out and look for jack .
jack slipped back into the foliage , his skin and clothes blending with his surroundings .
the sniper moved cautiously , keeping to the heavier foliage , so that jack only caught glimpses of him .
he slipped into a tall tree right above the heads of the soldiers , settling in the foliage , lying flat along a branch .
jack gave them as long a lead as he dared before moving , sliding back into heavier foliage and leaping up through the branches to use the canopy as a highway .
she had taken care to stay hidden within the foliage when she climbed , but now she deliberately reached out and shook a branch , not too hard , just enough to give away her position .
jack waited there in the darkness , seeing the heat of their bodies before they stepped through the foliage to approach him .
` ` you 're shaking like a leaf . ''
she glanced right and left to ensure she was alone , and leapt into the lower branches of a tree , climbing fast to the thicker canopy , changing colors as she did so to blend with the foliage .
she 'd dropped the rock hours earlier to mark the only place along the back fence she could go over and land in a clear spot inside the thick foliage surrounding the brick wall .
staying low in the shadows along the brick wall she moved quickly , keeping to the foliage as much as possible , all the while scanning the area for sound or movement .
when she had gone several blocks down and around the corner from her motorcycle , flame burst out from the foliage , sprinted across the lighted street , and up three blocks until she gained the relative safety of the park .
flame found a tree with high branches and heavy foliage and leapt up to conceal herself in its limbs .
she moved toward a cross street , down from saunders 's estate but parallel to the park , keeping to the heavier foliage .
using the trail leading around the outside edges of the marsh along the water way , heading back in the direction of the houseboat , flame stayed close to the foliage in case she needed cover .
flame began to work her way through the foliage toward the driver .
a slight shifting of the foliage straight ahead of flame accompanied the voice .
it did n't take long to construct a hood for his head and back , cover it with the foliage and begin a slow stalk through the swamp .
he had to inch his way , careful not to disturb the reeds or bend any foliage .
when he found the spot he was looking for , where the ground was thin and just barely covering the high water table , he worked his way out about ten feet and deliberately twisted a leaf and snapped the tip from a weed .
he gestured toward land and ian immediately broke off from the group and waded through the thicker foliage to solid ground .
she began to crab crawl up the slope toward the side of the cabin using a slow , steady movement designed not to draw the eye or move the foliage around her too much .
gator crawled through the shrubbery , careful to keep from moving any of the foliage .
she hated that he was so stone cold calm and she was shaking like a leaf .
she could n't help the way her heart pounded when she saw nicolas coming toward her out of the heavier foliage .
fire rained from the sky , red glowing embers igniting the foliage .
the force of the magnet in her had never been quite this strong , but the thick foliage along both banks welcomed her with opened arms , even grew inches in an attempt to try to touch her .
not a leaf rustled .
this was hard going - miles of thick , dense foliage that covered every possible trail almost as fast as it was hacked out .
she 'd always been sure - footed and moved easily among the plants and foliage .
dressed in boots , with jeans tucked in to prevent insect bites and scratches from hostile foliage , both women knew what it took for a prolonged trek through the jungle , but the going was difficult .
at times the ground beneath their feet was open and it became easy to walk , and then suddenly they would once again be in thick foliage , nearly impossible to penetrate .
she kicked at them , and one sank his teeth into her leg , trying to drag her down just as she spotted the dense foliage where her mother fought off the crazed primates .
it was impossible to tell what lay in that dark dense foliage .
he nodded toward the dense foliage but did n't take his eyes from miguel or step back .
riley held her breath as the men approached the dense foliage .
the foliage tried to retreat from the blade , subtle vibrations warning plants ahead of them .
she realized the drops were n't water at all , but a heavy , powdery ash covering their bodies , blanketing the mountain , the trees , every bit of foliage surrounding them , and making it impossible to look up .
ash continued to fall , soft drifting petals that choked the air and covered the trees and foliage like down .
ash was thick powder on the ground , in the foliage , falling from the trees above them until they were nearly drowning in it .
the foliage vibrated at her touch , then leaves unfurled and roots extended as she encouraged the plants to grow .
as they approached the opening , riley could see the tips of rifles and blowguns poking through the wall of foliage .
dax pressed a quick , hard kiss on her lips , then turned and disappeared into a cloud of mist that blew through the foliage .
she had no real idea of time passing until she found herself swaying a little and blinking at the sight of the circle of dense foliage growing in front of her .
within moments , the trees and foliage had swallowed them .
the sound of the machetes slashing through the screaming branches and foliage only added to her frayed nerves .
riley hugged his words to her as she kept moving through the dense foliage .
he expanded his vision as well as his senses , shifting into a tiny , nondescript leaf as he neared the gigantic fish .
he reacted immediately , poisonous spines covering the leaf as it shifted into a very large lionfish , the terrible spines lodging into the tigerfish 's throat and mouth , paralyzing it .
the rain had washed some of the ash from the canopy , and the first streaks of dawn looked as if rays of light from stars bursting overhead shone through the heavy foliage surrounding the clearing .
dax was careful not to look at the creature directly , but he 'd already seen the beady eyes glowing bright through the foliage and the stare was directed solely at riley .
the smaller hawk was able to maneuver through the dense foliage , but the larger eagle crashed into the lengthening branches , the spikes driving into the body and wings of the bird .
one tiny flower and a leaf had been crushed by something heavy as it passed .
tiny droplets of something cool and wet fell from the leaf to find the bruise .
skyler watched a leaf floating to the ground .
the leaf had lived out its existence one way and now was free - falling , trusting the next journey would be the right one .
skyler studied the leaf as the wind gusted , taking it first one direction and then spinning it in a different one .
the leaf appeared to be dancing .
the leaf still continued on its journey , its brief dance only delaying the inevitable - as dimitri was simply delaying the inevitable .
not a single twig or leaf snapped or crackled beneath the soles of her boots .
not a single leaf , vine or branch moved as she made her way inch by inch through the tunnel toward the wolf .
the wolves melted into the foliage around them .
even if a tree caught fire , there was nothing else to burn , and he 'd already made certain the foliage around them was safe .
the ground was cool to the touch and the foliage remained unscorched .
the scent of burning brimstone grew stronger and with it , the smell of fire , or rather burned grass and foliage , as if the traveling hounds were leaving behind a barren wasteland .
the constant drip coming from the foliage above and into the pool was its own torture device .
it tasted like dirt , probably because it was nothing more than runoff from whatever foliage sat above them .
the foliage surrounding mrs . dawson 's backyard and the mile of distance of her nearest neighbor gave simon the privacy he needed .
simon flew to the ground and hit the dense foliage on four legs .
duncan brushed off a leaf that had fallen on his arm .
she sat balled up on the bed , shaking like a leaf in the wind .
myra picked up a fallen leaf and placed it on the table .
the leaf started to levitate .
tara watched the leaf fly to the right of the table and back again .
the leaf settled on the table .
the leaf did move , several times , but not in the direction tara wanted .
his fork now floated midway between his plate and his mouth , a leaf of lettuce dangling from its end .
they were growing together so closely and were so thick with foliage , it was impossible to see too far into them .
she pulled the dried banana leaf to the side to see what the fish looked like inside .
then , beneath the hanging vines of a twisted tree , she saw a jeep , half - hidden by the foliage .
at the sound of footsteps running away , she inched above the foliage only to see the french door that led into the main house slam shut .
and just as i scream and turn to run , i feel him tackle me from behind and i fall onto the grass , leaves crunching underneath me as he proceeds to shove a handful of dirty foliage down my shirt , laughing like a maniac .
he chuckled , picking a leaf off my pants and holding it up to me .
the gust of wind swept him up like he was no more than a leaf on the ground and sent him crashing into the wall behind him .
my stomach felt better within seconds but my body had the enthusiasm of a decaying leaf .
i looked over at gorm and he was carefully shredding a leaf , pulling fiber after fiber away to reveal the naked stem .
ever since our first meeting , which had culminated in tim sacrificing one of his tiny , green wings as a trade for chase 's remedy and me eating a spelled leaf that enabled me to hear tim talk , snore , and fart , i 'd been going out to see her and work on my training , learning how to better manage my power over the green .
she held up the leaf .
` ` it is a laurel leaf dipped in an oil extract of mullein and ... some other things .
once the leaf is eaten , there is no turning back . ''
i only thought about it for one second before i popped the leaf into my mouth and started chewing .
i stuck my tongue out , broken pieces of bitter , burning leaf stuck to it .
i swallowed with effort , pieces of the leaf still floating around my mouth , sticking to the sides and back of my throat .
luckily , the witch leaf did n't give me supersonic smelling powers too - but still , i ' m pretty sure being able to hear a pixie fart is almost as bad as smelling one .
` ` i think we 'll be okay if we take a leaf off a tree - i think the poison stuff is on the ground . ''
how are we going to reach a leaf ? ''
` ` dammit , i want a leaf . ''
she whispered loudly , ` ` i think it wants you to take a leaf ! ''
i had said i wanted a leaf and it gave me a thousand of them - from its own ... body .
the tree is bleeding - it 's bleeding because i asked for a stupid leaf to wipe my ass !
the beating wings of a bird moving from tree to tree and the occasional falling leaf added to the whispering of the breeze that brushed past us on its way through to somewhere else .
he fingered a dark - green leaf thoughtfully .
he has a coffee which bears a wonderful leaf - pattern imprinted in the milk .
i am quaking like a leaf .
the early afternoon light floods through windows to the west , lighting up the mirrors that line the east wall and illuminating the gold leaf decor and the enormous crystal chandeliers .
when you get older , we 'll make those silly little leaf collection things . ''
the top of the crepes had a scoop of vanilla yogurt with a strawberry and a mint leaf .
the foliage and ocean were visible even from the middle of the room , and i tried to forget about my present worries and our future and everything in between .
she let him pull her behind a slim roman pillar that had ample foliage to hide them from view .
i reached for more filler foliage .
he did n't say anything , just scowled at a leaf that skittered by on the pavement .
as soon as she delivered us to our table , cole sighed and said , ` ` you 're shaking like a leaf . ''
no incantations or four leaf clovers prevented a fae from feeding .
we were still fairly high , and unlike the rowan land 's perpetually pink cherry trees , these had lost their blossoms and were in full leaf .
i sped them through their leaf and flowering phases , and after a few weeks , we began to see the first signs of fruit .
` ` that boy could wear a banana leaf and a propeller beanie and look beautiful . ''
i 'll issue him a banana leaf and a propeller beanie at once and induct him into my boy - harem . ''
they walked over lush carpets in all the jewel colors of the orient , past many - armed statues , bronze helmets , crossed scimitars , and almond - eyed madonnas glimmering with gold leaf .
the voice was pitched low enough not to wake her if she still slept , and when she saw the figure framed in the opening , the dawn sun painting itself along the line of one strong arm as bright as gold leaf on an altarpiece , she was upright like a snapped spring .
it looks almost like the vines are still there because every little leaf has left an imprint .
a stone rectangle , attached to hadrian 's wall like a snail on a leaf .
` ` none of the orange pekoe leaf left , i ' m afraid ; just lipton 's teabags . ''
` ` perhaps ye 'd go to the kitchen and make yourself useful , '' he said , with a jerk of his head that sent sukie the kitchenmaid scuttling out like a windblown leaf .
he stood , eyes tight closed , shaking like a leaf , unable either to move or to think , arms wrapped tight about the shapeless , squirming , squawking bundle that contained his son .
the light wind caught it , and the small transparent sheet took sudden wing , scudding over the gray stones like a leaf .
the air was so crisp and fresh that i paused before shutting the window , breathing in great gulps of dead leaf , dried apples , cold earth , and damp , sweet grass .
the deep flush subsided slightly , succeeded by the merest hint of a smile amid the unfamiliar foliage .
a broad grin blossomed through the foliage .
i was wondering whether it was more advisable to get dead drunk at once , or to stay at least half - sober in order to supervise operations ; there was n't a chance in hell that i could do the suturing myself , left - handed and shaking like a leaf .
a few large drops fell , splattering on the foliage with an explosive sound like snapping twigs .
to my amazement , he reached into one of the bags at his waist and unwrapped a small bundle , which proved to hold a cup of chipped and battered porcelain , the remnants of gold leaf still visible on the rim .
he combed his fingers thoughtfully through the exuberant foliage , looking down .
i cried until my throat hurt and i could n't breathe , then sat in the grass , curled into myself like a dried leaf , tears that i could n't stop dropping on my knees like the first fat drops of a coming storm .
dottie had her mother 's autumn - leaf coloring , with hair the color of ripened wheat and cheeks with the perpetual faint flush of rose hips .
herman ran for his - no , her - brother , who was lying in the leaf mold , mouth opening and closing like a landed trout .
` ` my father always claimed he 'd found me under a cabbage leaf in the garden , '' i replied flippantly .
` ` that 's really cool , '' she said , fascinated , and sat beside him for some time , watching the ants , before finally decreeing mercy and making him scoop the ball of ants out on a leaf , where once laid on the ground , they scattered and at once went back to their business .
there was a deep silence , broken only by the snap of branches and shuffle of boots in the thick leaf mold , the stray clack of a cartridge box against musket butt .
summer had graced the city 's trees with huge verdant crowns , and a walk left him lightly dusted with leaf fragments and the soles of his boots sticky with fallen sap .
over the solid curve of the mare 's neck , he could see morgan , upright now and violently rejecting arnold 's efforts to dust the leaf mold from his clothes .
he and ian had been walking - slowly - by the side of the loch two days before , when ian stopped suddenly , curling in on himself like an autumn leaf .
a root , a stone , a leaf .
i breathed the fragrant steam and watched the tiny curls of tea leaf drift to the bottom of the cup .
` ` fair enough , '' i whispered , and drained the cup , the shreds of tea leaf strong and bitter on my tongue .
she turned her head , interested , and the leaf shadows flickered over her face .
he crossed himself and bent to dig about in the soft leaf mold .
he fell down again , his head exploding with fractured color and black dots , the smell of leaf mold pungent in his nose .
` ` lord john , '' grey said crossly , and brushed a fragment of crushed leaf off his tongue .
i embraced him , hard , and together we let out a great sigh , settling with it , his head bending over mine , kissing my hair , my face turned into his shoulder , openmouthed at the neck of his open shirt , our knees slowly giving way in mutual relief , so that we knelt in the fresh - turned earth , clinging together , rooted like a tree , leaf - tossed and multi - limbed but sharing one single solid trunk .
sometimes the meaning of a dream floated to the surface of your mind like a drowned leaf rising .
he stood up and brushed bits of discarded leaf from his sleeve .
the teamster did n't go down but curled up like a dried leaf , clutching himself .
jamie closed the tin and stretched out beside me with a low groan , black leaf shadows trembling over the paleness of his shirt .
not even the shouting of his own name made him look away from the spectacle on the ground : the blood , so much of it , soaking her clothes , making a hideous dark red puddle that stained the knees of leckie 's breeches as he knelt over her ; her hair , untied and spilling wild , full of grass and bits of leaf from the ground she lay on , her face - oh , christ , her face .
she was the gray of rotted oats and slick with sweat , trembling like a leaf .
` ` as soon as thee can walk without help , '' she said , and kissed him , lightly as a falling leaf .
fortunately , mr . jameson had some of the dried leaf in stock .
i was n't sure if dad had turned over a healthier leaf , or he was deferring to what i 'd want to eat while i was home .
it 's still there exactly in place , the leaf feeling as smooth as it always does .
when she opens her eyes and looks at me , i sit up straighter and focus on the leaf above her head .
the water continues to rise above the leaf line .
henley settles down next to where nicole is seated on the leaf - strewn ground , with her legs straight in front of her and her back pressed against the tree .
karsen was standing behind him with her hands over her mouth and her eyes leaking tears while she shook like a leaf .
letting the door close behind her , hardy directed miracle 's attention to the green foliage that lined the workbenches and multi - level shelves on the left and right .
glancing quickly toward the nondescript green plants he 'd seen dozens of times , he wondered what she found so interesting , wondered what she was thinking of as she looked at the foliage .
` ` i love flowers almost as much as i love photography , '' miracle mused softly , running a finger down one green leaf .
i looked down and could stil see every leaf with crystal ine clarity .
other than the gentle shift of foliage , there was no movement , no evidence that someone was out there , that i was n't alone in the night .
a bright red dot marred the fluffy white topping on one leaf .
the plant stand at the corner of the living room is overturned and there 's dirt and foliage all over the floor .
the trees were suddenly darker , the deep brown bark of the trunks almost black , almost every hint of green in the foliage gone to darker shadows .
it was a freebie from a supplier and had their name and details across the top of each leaf .
when they , finally , ordered food there would n't be a salad that was allowed to brush a leaf against a full - fat dressing , or a piece of chicken that still sported its skin .
thinking of her makes my heart and libido sink , and my interest in this woman in front of me withers up and blows away like a dead , dried - up leaf .
ignoring the vibration on the table i smile , reaching over to pluck a leaf from her stuffed artichoke , and bringing it to my mouth to scrape the edible meat between my teeth .
reaching over to my plate , she plucks a leaf from my artichoke and brings it to her mouth smiling .
here and there a glimpse of naked flesh through breaks in the foliage , muted cries of pleasure , the sound of debauchery blending with the ambient noise of night time gardens .
i inhaled scented breezes that wafted into the office through the open portal , listening to the rustle of foliage , the soft call of nocturnal birds .
i closed my eyes and tried to calm down , but it was no use , i was shaking like a leaf .
tonight i am not interested in eponas famous floral architecture , its green temples and statues sculpted from foliage and embroidered with flowers .
passionflowers the size of full moons blossom from monumental walls of foliage , blazing like cryptic mandalas in an ocean of coarse emerald .
every leaf is an entry point ; every petal , insect , and blade of grass offers access to the data continuum .
that it showed a progressive change in foliage from spring to winter was really eye catching .
allen tapped again , changing it to a different kind of leaf each cycle .
as the blood tumbled down his nightshirt and his vision darkened , the thief just watched him die , as if he were simply a leaf , falling from a dying tree .
two came from the bushes , just behind their companions while the other two fell from the trees , landing on the ground as silently as a floating leaf .
if one looked closely enough , they would be able to spot a handful of women that had been carved into the wood in such as way as to hide their nakedness behind a leaf or bush .
their lush foliage clustered in pockets throughout the tower , forming miniature gardens and oases from the once - bustling seat of the galactic government .
ancient leaf mulch and soil littered the floor , but it had been cleared from the large , immovable stone plinth that dr . michel waited beside .
it sent dappled patterns scattering amidst the lush planted foliage below where tall trees reached their greenery towards the heavens .
light trickled down from the foliage above dancing on the weeds that covered the ground for as far as the eye could see .
the thing so unique about this discovery is its organic matrix , which rejuvenates just like a trees foliage at springtime .
when i say primal man , i do nt mean one naked guy who has nt found his fig leaf yet .
sounds of lawnmowers and leaf blowers filled the summer air .
rex andromedas guided the jet like a fluttering leaf that eased down easy onto the runway at the oasis of kathmandu , which lay like a lily pad floating tranquilly along the panchakanya marga river .
with that , ishtar turned and briskly walked back down the driveway to shalmaneser 's rental car , hidden from the chateau 's view by the foliage along the road .
the high prelate stood next to a large plant in the cloud nine arboretum and stroked a large , flat leaf as though it were a beautiful womans hair .
i try to focus on a palm leaf swaying in the breeze , but its brown and dying just like me .
one half was generally referred to as the jungle , where lush green foliage , trees and flowers provided the oxygen and much of the fruit , not to mention tobacco for home consumption and black market trading with moon .
* * * although the jungle was a well - tended , diverse and vital part of the ecosystem , it had also been developed to have a natural feel to it , and neither rocky or amethyst had experienced anything like it , to walk along the safe paths , foliage brushing their skin .
outside , they could see the young trees and foliage that were trading oxygen for carbon dioxide .
after breaching the first few rows , the woods appeared empty and hollow with only the roof of the forest harboring foliage , blocking most of the sunlight .
they emerged from the tent to see a small airship flying above , popping in and out of sight as the thin foliage of the treetops swayed in the dawn wind .
it blazed its yellow beam at the giant norway spruce tree , reflecting a multitude of red and green glints from glass decorations among the foliage .
the other fell through the foliage .
but as he could nt see her , that meant she was either trapped in the foliage or she had a serious injuryboth would prevent her peering down at her rescuers .
the first gunshots shattered remnant glass shards in the upper foliage and ricocheted down through the tree .
but a cluster of foliage half way up danced more than at any other point , opposite the third tallest scaffold platform .
* * * like a flaming blade stabbed up through the foliage , the god - awful explosion had cleaved reds desperation in two .
her other , though damaged , had enough life to push against the foliage , to guide her through the obstacles below .
he watched in horror as a small cannonball smashed its way through the foliage , thumping from branch to branch , a few feet away .
spotlights illuminated what the early morning sun did not yet reach as men in military fatigues carefully combed the rocky floor of the riverbed , marking every upturned stone and misplaced leaf .
like a phoenix rising from the ashes a leaf grew , defying the desert of death around it .
a long , slender hand reached down , plucked the leaf from the ground , and brought it to his thin lips .
tez picked through some leaves then handed me a leaf .
i soaked my hands in the rivers water , using the leaf to thoroughly cleanse them .
the plants were leaf oriented rather than ornamental flowers .
orange - brown leaf patterned carpet covered the floor .
the foliage seemed to glisten as though there were tinsel within it .
john paul took markmans new phone , went to a nearby planter and dropped it in the foliage .
a leaf stuck in the ground sprouts roots , it does n't get more miraculous than that . ''
after a while solomon ventured out of his basket , not very far at first , stepping gingerly among the bean poles , finding shelter from the suns under a broad squash leaf , and negotiating territory with other brave felines .
solomon purred , looked her straight in the eyes , and started chewing on a purple bean leaf .
sarah tried to stop him , but by the time she picked him up the cat had already swallowed the leaf and was licking his lips to clean off the last drop of the purple juice oozing out of the crushed foliage .
sarah tried to stop him , but by the time she picked him up the cat had already swallowed the leaf and was licking his lips to clean off the last drop of the purple juice oozing out of the crushed foliage .
he started stretching and patting gently at sarah 's arms , then shuffled a little bit to be set free and disappeared under a broad cabbage leaf .
the cellular structure of the bean leaf was completely ordinary but looked as if it were dyed on purpose , like the hydrangea flowers sarah used to experiment on when she was in school to shift their color from pink to green or blue .
moments like this made sarah question her sanity , there was something about a cow transport arriving at light speed in combination with strangely colored foliage that tore a rift in the fabric of normalcy , even on this odd planet .
* * * the next morning she went and checked the entire bean patch and all the other plantings , there was no purple foliage among them or markings on the ground , no purple at all .
sarah 's fingers paused for a second , caressing the old touch table ; she rested her gaze on the endless soybean fields whose velvety foliage shifted color like the surface of the sea in the breeze .
it was a massive , bulbous structure , built like a series of interconnected sacks , each hospitable to foliage from a unique corner of the world .
we searched for half an hour and found nothing more than a small , broken twig with a leaf on the end ; no footprints or any of the other evidence that would be expected .
in a way , izzian had hoped to encounter a few angry , querulous trees , but alas , the plants seemed docile in comparison to the foliage covered hills of say , ithmonius sixteen .
to prove he was not scared of an earth tree , izzian roughly plucked a leaf from a branch .
when the branch did nothing to retaliate , he laughed , crumpled up the leaf and threw it to the ground .
instead , the air remained still ; not a leaf stirred , not a hair moved .
now , though , all he saw was the late - summer foliage , pocked here and there with great windows of speckled granite , and the tiny rooftops of distant homes burrowed in the slopes .
not the sound of a leaf falling against branches .
hooves against stone and leaf broke the silence as something big approached them at breakneck speed .
its arms reached straight ahead as it stumbled directly toward him from out of the leaf strewn woods .
it was a pleasant evening , we walked side by side , we did nt rush , preferring to walk unhurriedly enjoying the relaxed moment , for the night gates of corbond would be open for a good few hours yet and the stroll was very pleasant as the sunlight still shone down through the trees highlighting abstract patterns on the leaf littered floor of the forest .
whilst crossing i looked down and was able to discern strange movements within the oily smoky rings , the movement looked like a summer heat haze rising from a hot surface , looking through these areas it was difficult to focus upon the ground beyond , in fact this ground seemed to move and change , one second grass and foliage could clearly be seen and then a grey , barren , featureless place of what looked like course sand or gravel and then back to the grass again .
we were passing through some of the oldest parts of the ancient forest of gelteertenya , the trees of which were beautiful broad leaved specimens , the ground on which we walked seemed to spring us along as it was covered in soft leaf mould and either side of the path deep patches of wonderfully green spongy moss that seemed to have been undisturbed for many years .
i , shaking like a leaf , followed her as the crowd again parted to allow us passage .
then one item , a very ceremonial looking mace finished in gold leaf cast in the same wolfs head devouring the same gemstone .
there were also a number of alcoves set into the walls ; each had a statue mounted within set upon a dais also made of gold or at least gold leaf or some kind of plating .
they are elven runic leaf blades , tieassharbernoctlothnien in our own tongue , you should be proud that our race had the skills to fashion such things once , or even still has , although i have not come across many swords such as these let alone any smith with the knowledge and skill to fashion such weapons .
yes , i could see it now , the shape of a person with long hair and not a stitch on for clothing i could also see through the figure to the foliage beyond .
as we entered the reason for the brightness became apparent for all the walls of the entrance chamber although heavily carved like the outside were covered in what looked like highly polished gold leaf , so that even the dimmest of lighting would reflect across the whole space and illuminate every corner of the room .
he was shaking like a leaf and trying to think of some soothing words keep the boy quiet .
it spoke to him alone , moving about him like a mock leaf in the wind , who 's there ?
filtering screens visible from space were built and hung up between the largest of old - growth blue - leaf trees .
this splendid object was covered in gold leaf and encrusted with jewels which sparkled brightly in the flickering candlelight , and it was the seat of consciousness of the mind .
its not gold , its covered with gold leaf .
the four of them activated their anti - grav units and rose above the crowd of tree dwellers , disappearing into the thick foliage above .
` ` it must ' ve been a while ago , '' martina said , feeling some new foliage which was growing out of the carnage .
we were close enough to see within the yard , but still sheltered by the foliage .
do plants being genetically engineered have requests for what type of foliage they will have ?
she was frail as a dried plant leaf , beautiful to see , but could be crumpled to dust easily .
she could see the brown fur of the beast through the foliage .
she held the spear mid - throw and , with wide eyes , surveyed the foliage .
its the maple leaf tartan , explained melrose as pierce was observing himself .
the brown , red , yellow , and green hues are meant to represent the changing colours of the maple leaf .
they were all dressed in the maple leaf tartan .
tall trees with heavy foliage create a thick canopy that all but blots out the light from above .
sure enough , within a minute dufresne walked out from the thick foliage beside the path leading his mount .
as the sound of intensely heavy rain began to roar down on to the foliage .
then he shifted his bare feet in the dried leaf bed of the forest floor .
what had been the stunning , jaw dropping shape of a drop of water about to fall from a leaf disappeared , and was replaced with an amorphous orb .
it was a very big bud like structure with green leaf like coverings opening only to take in their food .
soggy leaf litter sloshed under my soaking wet sneakers ; my hair hung in little rat - tail like strands , pelting my face ; and my un - gloved hands had grown numb .
snuggly stashed within was a three holed loose leaf binder .
anonymous the anemic yellow / green foliage gave way to a light brown and then to a totally barren landscape .
a dark shape darted out from behind a leaf on the rock he was climbing .
smith raised his eyebrows as rosita tore off down the trail and burst out of the foliage into the nameless camp .
i watched her bobbing braid and bright red bandana disappear into the foliage as she lunged at a cabal trooper .
the trunk rammed into another tree as its branches clawed through foliage , then twisted around its obstacle and gained momentum as it continued falling .
leveling them , they let loose a massive barrage of concussive gunfire that wracked the tree line , ripping apart the foliage with shocking force .
a river meandered its way through the thick forest , only be visible when the foliage occasionally broke .
nathan picked up a leaf of lettuce next to him and started munching it , looking me right in the eye .
he shoved the rest of the lettuce leaf into his mouth .
* * * before my marriage , i d been free as an autumn leaf , whipped up by the breeze and roaming wherever the wind took me .
* victor kept a vehicle , an old flat bed truck , about a mile away from the entrance to his bunker , buried under foliage .
it was incomprehensible , and for a moment he felt the mind that he worked so hard to keep alert with puzzles and hobbies drifting like a leaf on the surface of a fast - moving stream , and he was back there in the unending nightmare , the one he worked so hard to submerge , the furious crimson skies glowering over the lowest ebb in human history .
suited butlers weaving through the foliage .
troy peered up into the towering foliage .
kyla stared through the small openings in the foliage above into the bright sunlight , mesmerized .
a flurry of dry leaves and cracking foliage came from nearby underbrush , as if something tumbled around .
his shoulders relaxed , but he remained alert , staring toward the foliage .
he ran to an oak , appeared to walk straight up the trunk , and disappeared into the foliage .
they peered up to a matt of vines and foliage disturbed by a sudden movement above them .
at one end , the bridge tore loose in an eruption of fire , flinging splinters of sparks down through the dry foliage .
her oval face lit by glittering beams of sun filtering through delicate foliage twisted his heart .
on occasion , a frydraco swooped over , stirring the foliage , and david would cringe .
they were standing on a large rug that was a darker brown than the walls , with various shades of green leaf patterns around it .
an oak leaf fluttered to the ground .
it was a strange place , rumored to be the artifact of a university botany experiment gone wild , populated by every sort of tree and vine which together produced enough in the way of nuts and berries and roots and foliage to provide for all the residents ' basic needs .
a few , like soma and squee , had discovered all the inner routes and used them to great advantage in their game , rapidly crisscrossing the foliage in a network of short - cuts and sidetracks bewildering to the others who could not comprehend their comings and goings .
though trees were in full leaf and the ground , until only a short time since , was covered with perfumed blue ornets , black - eyed cass , and the scarlet heads of the tall cowl flowers , those standing simply stared bleakly at the landscape .
he smiled as he leaned nonchalantly against the dappled trunk of a ule tree , slowly and absently stripping bits off a leaf .
all an onlooker could see were small bare feet and a mischievous grin that peered through the foliage .
he was in a copse of silver carth , golden fluffy - leaved manus and the drooping syrup trees with their distinctive lacy foliage that turned deep scarlet in autumn .
he recognised panelling and gilt work as northern , paused to gently touch delicate work in gold leaf and lingered over the illuminated sheets .
jochoh noticed her distress when she whitened , her eyes went very dark and she desperately drew back into foliage and abruptly closed her mind .
they rode through what were once the main gates of ortok and down a very long , broad avenue of ancient and gnarled trees only now coming into leaf .
kher noticed that all the naked trees that made up a part of this huge forest were in leaf or in bud , the air breathless and surprisingly chill .
keiran had brought berry wine and a bottle of adveni - brewed liquor that georgianna had given him to get them significantly merry , and taye had enough foinah leaf to last them until the early hours .
you could move up , down , or through the beautiful flowers , ferns , vines , and other foliage .
as jo was looking round to see what was keeping them up there , she caught sight of another one , but this did not have the light shining around it , also closer examination , showed that it was actually sitting on a leaf .
jo looks as jezi - lee points to part of the bush , which now that jo is really close to it , she can see that it appears to be like a soft cylindrical leaf like structure .
stepping back into the security of the bushes again , jo looks at the curled - up leaf like structures and wonders , which of them , the ailers considered to be levens , if only she had not turned down the offer of trying them , jo would know now , which they were .
moonlight had turned the ferns and grasses silver and made silhouettes of the foliage above .
they touched down on one of the shuttle pads serving the unkai peninsulas main supply and transshipment depot , in a narrow valley ringed with mountains like a carnivores teeth , except they towered green with jungle foliage .
* * the night air steamed with vapor rising from soil and foliage , laden with the scents of vegetation and decay .
* * landing lights pierced the jungle like alien eyes , uncovering the landing pad concealed beneath the foliage .
there was foliage , but nothing an earth boy like him should recognize .
this , however he edged to his left , pushing the barren flashlight before him to test the foliage .
jorge picked a lime - green caterpillar from a collard leaf and studied it a moment before squishing it between his fingers .
stephen squeezed her hand , the little guy curled into a ball beneath the foliage of the shrubbery .
i can feel every leaf lift and be blown , every single insect struggle against her strength .
here , every leaf was precious , every bush used for cover and every branch used to mount an assault on prey were equally indispensable .
the sun sat with uncommon majesty in the sky , its rays racing through leaf and branch , seeking out the shadow and wiping it away .
but the distinct crunch when i bit down , along with the irreversible knowledge of what i was actually eating , surpassed what a thin green leaf could do .
i hear the grunt of the boart and see that she is tearing after me , plowing a path through the solid foliage .
june follows and is carrying an aloe leaf .
before we eat , she cracks opens the fleshy gray - green leaf , careful to avoid its serrated edges and small white teeth .
my focus is elsewhere , preoccupied with every branch that shifts or leaf that rustles .
the trees were glorious ; perfect in symmetry and health of leaf and limb .
the texture of its foliage is fascinating , he remarked .
every leaf stood out in sharp detail , crisp and green , because of all the adrenaline that was washing through his system .
i woke up and did nt even have a bit of leaf on me to burn .
they sat for a while , then the girl produced a long red pipe which she packed with one large , unbroken black leaf .
he sucked the pipe and the leaf hit him quickly .
the yellow , orange , and brown bug flew down , entered zeus park , and landed on a leaf of a transgenic maple .
the deaths head hawkmoth crawled over the lighter green side of the leaf , flaunting the skull - like pattern on its thorax , and there it watched .
he plucked a green leaf from the plant and rubbed it between his fingers .
the smell , the fragrance of the leaf was astoundingly fresh and unique .
her hand trembled like a leaf in a storm as she held it out .
the usual tough , ugly plants grew in the roadside ditches , their thorny foliage hissing in the breeze .
she climbed around long gnarled tendrils of foliage , it reminded her of ancient ruins from earth .
neil picked up a leaf half red and half death brown .
a stray yellow leaf drifted across the opening as it fell from its summer home .
the room itself could have fit within it two of the largest interstellar vessels , at least , and the ceiling was held aloft by thick and intricately - carved pillars of white stone and gold leaf .
a single leaf fell from the tree branch .
the darkening sky disappeared through the tree tops as they passed along a leaf - littered road , multicoloured and beautiful .
i blew like a leaf across the lands , the scenes swirling past me .
a great bird with magnificent plumage stepped from the foliage into the moonlight .
chapter 12 audrey watched as her brother disappeared into the garden foliage .
in the daytime , talk mixed with laughter beyond the trees , the sounds of students past the edge of the foliage .
we passed the rainforest caf , an amusing theme restaurant with mayan architecture and elaborate tropical foliage .
i thought of the fake animals decorating the restaurant foliage .
within the foliage , golden flowers bloomed , their petals glowing like small suns in the night .
past the foliage , the next tier of the gardens stretched below .
i was about to walk forward when a leopard emerged from the foliage .
her honeyed eyes peered over the red leaf that she held on her palm .
when she saw i d caught her staring , she rolled some meat into the leaf and hastily stuffed it into her mouth , dropping her gaze .
near the dining platform , a golden leopard with tiger stripes materialized from the foliage .
we continued deeper into the forest until we were completely swallowed by the shadows of the foliage .
the foliage had become thinner , letting more light fall into the woods .
have some leaf cakes , jesath , audrey said , for all your trouble .
after helping himself to a couple more leaf cakes , he handed my satchel to me and saw us out the door .
i swung the sack from my shoulder , peeking inside to find several leaf cakes sitting innocently beside bags of fairies blood .
what are leaf cakes ?
thus , we swept through the skies towards the star of hal , leaf cakes in our hands , the clouds brushing our faces and running in mists across lys wings .
soon , our leaf cakes were gone .
forests rose from the pale landscape , their silver leaves bright in the white sun , the foliage lined with the softness of the snowfall .
its nightblue feathers blended almost perfectly into the shadows of the foliage .
the blades sliced through the foliage and sent the flowers falling like trees behind us .
` ` you were , '' frank laughed and it was dry and brittle like an old leaf hanging between them .
but his excitement swept the thought away like a stray leaf in a gale .
david gratton ii tumbled like an autumn leaf .
and surfactant leaf as well . ''
but lystus winced as he examined a case of lockets that were decorated with gaudy gold leaf instead of stylish transparent windows .
the trunks of the trees did not crowd close to the crag , but the ends of their lower branches extended about it , veiling it with their foliage .
branches too light for spear - hafts , and creepers no thicker than cords , he remarked , indicating the foliage about the crag .
not a leaf stirred , nor a bird chirped .
having removed the thorns , and peeled off the tough skin , he handed the girl a thick , juicy cactus leaf .
the man let the corpse fall back upon the blood - stained carpet , and sprang to his feet , shaking like a wind - blown leaf .
the wallpaper , once white , is embossed with silky silver leaf shapes : mothers choice .
with outer charms thou weddest inner grace comprising every point of piquancy : passion thou hast infused in every heart , from eyelids driven sleep by deputy : erst was ( i wet ) the spray made thin of leaf .
he jutted through the foliage to chirp at me and i knew he wanted me to follow him , and he lead me quickly through the dense forest , and we were at the shore in no time .
the gunman continued to quiver inside the van , his body shaking like a leaf in the wind .
the foliage then tumbled out onto the flats , spreading and swelling to fill the narrow band of land between the mountains and the ocean .
she spied the wreckage of a butchered nest behind : feathers , fur and grey foliage strewn across dark pools of blood .
a series of crescent fissures in the ground thinned the trees episodically , until only a remote archipelago of foliage remained amid a sea of red sand .
because his photos seem authentic and were taken in late september , judging from the color of the foliage , and taken from a point precisely where the godship is located . ''
besides , i have reason to believe that david has turned a new leaf .
he touched a strand of her hair , unraveling a loose leaf that had fallen in it .
ginny clambered across large tubs and through foliage until she was a few metres away from her husband .
he hair was feathered , and she wore a pendant of a leaf sprouting from a seed within a circle in white gold around her neck .
we have beans and rice with salt pork and fish in banana leaf , the wench replied .
carried away like a leaf in a great storm , he quickly disappeared into the night as he howled wolf - like .
the path that had all but disappeared in the spring foliage again became more evident in the form of widened ledges and stair - like footholds painstakingly carved in solid volcanic basalt ; its normally rough pitted surface worn smooth by feet and time .
fortunately , it was still all downhill ; when all else failed she leaned into the foliage and fell forward through it , a few feet forward and down at a time .
every nearby blade of grass was green and without defect , every flower was without wilt or fade , every tree leaf was without insect chewed edges , and without dead or broken branches .
they d slit my throat as soon as look at me but they ll trade news from the streets for bags of leaf .
later on in the series we discovered a second type with bushier leaf - analogs at the top and split trunks .
the autumn foliage must be spectacular , nevin thought .
plus , their vision must be pretty good to pick their way through the leaf litter on the forest floor .
only larby and jason were left topside as their ship was tossed about like a leaf .
the wine was served in small bowls made of the dried leaf of the giant kelp plant , which had somehow been molded and seemed to resist getting wet .
after a lesson on swiss chard , he tore off some leaf and let the women try it .
i could just about see oscer , shouting advice from underneath a massive leaf just further down from my bush , but steve did nt need advice , he needed urgent medical attention .
his skin was pouring smoke , like a leaf under a magnifying glass .
it was just a few tomatoes on bread with a single leaf of lettuce and some vegemite to add a little flavor .
it is a medium - sized leaf .
when i handed her the leaf , brynna put it in her mouth and chewed it up as quickly as she could .
brynna spat the spit - saturated leaf into her hand and shoved it into quinns mouth .
she pushed her fingers down into his throat , forcing the mashed - up leaf down further , its down !
( in all honesty , i did nt know how he d been able to make a go of it , combining foliage and baths , or if he even combined them all that much , but if it paid the bills , i was all for it .
the hittiks were small but aggressively vicious tripedal herbivores that sported a pair of massive claws meant to hack through foliage , but were perfect for tearing deep into soft flesh .
zurra barreled through a thicket of foliage , charging into the floating cloud of debris .
there 's no foliage . ''
at ground level , the intrusive native foliage nearly hid him completely from view .
it simply glided toward the planet like a leaf on a pond , and then maintained its position without any effort .
mr . mckendrick insisted on it , and paid extra to make sure not a single leaf stayed on the ground .
every nearby blade of grass was green and whole and perfect , every flower was without wilt or fade , every tree leaf was without chewed edges , and without dead or broken branches .
the result was a perhaps unusual assortment that included fruit , leaf - spinach , nuts , steamed and stir - fried broccoli , brussels sprouts , eggplant , corn meal mush fried golden brown , over - easy eggs , buckwheat pancakes , an assortment of wendy 's burgers , and a wide variety of sea food and pasta dishes .
- carl jung twig cursed profusely in several languages as she bit the head off another snake that hissed at her from the jungle foliage overhead .
the lyrachloroplasts , taken from cells in the lyra leaf , moved through hinev 's circulatory system without interacting with any of his own .
alessia , lierva , and celekar headed in the direction of the densest foliage , away from the waterfall and wide , rock - bottomed pools .
alessia had been seated by the window on the panel , watching the soundless wind driving a single leaf through the city , no doubt caught on a transport and released into the air as it sped along , to sink unaided to the depths of the city below .
i was looking should nt you have gone south if you wanted any keln leaf specimens that the frost has nt hit ?
crawling under the external foliage of the outside arboretum , he had been able to peer inside , his face down by the ground ; he peered in at the haunting silence of it , this beautiful place untouched and serene , with its wide twisting paths and arching canopies .
with his back to the sea , the solemn kahuna pule opened his palms above the couple , announcing to all , with this sacred ti leaf , and the cleansing water of the ocean , where all life begins and ends , you wash away your past and prepare for a new life together .
head to the deeper jungle , he ca nt get in there with a drone that big , sally said and they all charged towards the dense foliage .
he shook dad like a leaf , spittle spraying from his mouth as gibberish spewed from it .
the breeze kicked up and a brown leaf rolled past her across the floor .
the centerpiece of the casino garden was a founding from which purple wine seemed to emerge as tiny waterfalls from between foliage .
it was not only delicious , it seemed to have some aphrodisiac effect , as the couples who sneaked off into the surrounding foliage indicated .
on it , violet had watched in rapt , almost gleeful interest as wilderness experts taught her and her friends how to build fires and even an easy leaf - fort , as he called it , but i found out later through research of my own that it was actually called a debris hut .
but just as i was silently scolding myself for that moment of weakness , a single leaf fluttered down right in front of my eyes .
it flew sideways in a sudden burst of wind that rippled the trees , and i jumped up , stunned by my willingness to follow what was more than likely just a fallen leaf from one of the many trees that surrounded us .
either that , or the undeniably absolute terror that he would die drove me to follow just one leaf blowing in the wind .
and quinn tripped over a leaf !
i narrowed my eyes at him and purposely took only three small bites of the leaf .
it had been an hour and a half since i had taken those few bites of the leaf .
or maybe , i do n't know , you could just eat the rest of the leaf !
i replied as i chewed a mint leaf absentmindedly .
no signs of foliage or wildlife exist , only sullen darkness .
he develops and refines the additives , monitors the plants very carefully , adds another drop of this or that to the soil , prunes back the leaves just another centimetre , increases the humidity in the greenhouse just a bit , and on and on , to grow the best rose , for example , the one with the most vibrant color , the healthiest petals , the highest proportion of petal to leaf , or what have you , i do nt know exactly .
` ` of course , '' vel laughed , taking three steps forward and selecting another leaf .
every so often , lyssa would stop and break off a twig or a leaf and stuff it in one of the machines around her hip , looking at her mini - computer .
she paused to pull off a leaf from an odd looking vine and handed it to him .
vel asked , curiously , taking the leaf from her and sticking it in the analyzer .
lyssa nodded , staring intently at a leaf she had just pulled .
a dry mouth left his tongue sandpaper and his lips like a winter leaf .
the sun , directly overhead , told me it was around noon and shafts of violent violet sunlight pierced through the jungle - foliage canopy .
now , i plunged into jungle foliage , knowing its embrace offered protection .
the hot morning sunlight punctured through the dense foliage canopy high above my head , violently spearing the low - level jungle scrub with lance - like beams that ruptured into dappled pools of violet light .
here at the gathering placethe hub of what little collective life the clans shared , the foliage more worn with the extra traffic traipsing through itwe had a postcard - perfect view .
some were resting their eyes ; others gazed absentmindedly at the wall of impenetrable bush and foliage flanking either side of us .
besides the creak of tall trees and the gentle sway of foliage caused by a brisk breeze , the jungle sounds were quieter by this time of the morning , and the dawn bugs had already signed off their daybreak performance .
the covering foliage was sunken , although there was no evidence of any tracks leading into the pit .
what else could fall and make a gap in the foliage like that ?
a smaller creature would not have disturbed the covering foliage as much ; a bigger creature would be visible in the relatively shallow stride - and - a - half - deep hole .
in a twist of spine - tingling satire , a hog had found a way to fall into our trap even though i had nt replaced the covering foliage .
i strapped myself up for the night , and peered through a gap in the foliage cover above my head through which i could see the pale silver moon in a starless sky .
back into the dense foliage .
in the dark , i could see very little as branch and vine and leaf whipped past my head .
he removed his visor , which i now realised was not just a sunscreen , but also shielded his face from loose foliage that might puncture the eyes at high speed .
i faltered , and my world whipped into a whorl like a frail , autumn leaf sucked up into a whirlwind .
the sun burned through the foliage overhead , baking the jungle into a clammy , claustrophobic oven , making the air feel gritty in my throat .
the sky on a clear day is nt azure blue , but more a blur of purple and blue , an electric violet hue ; tree trunks are not brown , they re a splotch of purple and red , occasionally , bole in colour ; foliage and grass is either emerald green or again , a smudge of purple and green .
without hesitation sar leveled his weapon at me and fired , the charge of its blast knocking me down and back in the foliage we came from .
dozens stood , pointing to the foliage , unable to believe their eyes .
he has enriched their city with foliage , trees and fruit .
the contrast she saw struck her , the pure beauty of the foliage blanketing streets and rooftops while the rust - crusted walls encased them within .
he held out his hand , tilting it in the sunlight and examining a red leaf there .
as she reached him , the albino held up a hand with another leaf .
she turned a twig with a leaf on it in her hand , watching the moonlight refracting off its veins .
he is shaking like a leaf .
this was the world of the gardeners and even at night , several robed men walked through the greenhouses , carrying lanterns and carefully checking every leaf for signs of blight and delicately pollinating the blooms with small brushes .
i 'd have preferred the pear itself , but the paddle - shaped leaf was a lot tastier than my last meal .
it was a white grain rolled in some kind of leaf around a piece of that tangy meat they had given us before .
kiyu brought us food similar to what we 'd eaten on the long trip here rice and fish meat rolled in a dark green leaf .
kiyu called the leaf ' seaweed ' and said it grew underwater .
the pale little shape inched across the leaf toward my fingers and i dropped the milkweed with a startled gasp .
now he was working on finding a path through the giant forest foliage to a clearing far enough away from the fortress and free of fighting that would enable him to call in a pick - up .
there was a small trickle of water tumbling along , and when they stood at its side they were able to look up and down the draw better than through the foliage .
between gaps in the tree cover and large open meadows , the sky could be seen ; its beautiful blue was in stark contrast against the green canopy and foliage was striking .
negative , its half buried in foliage , vines and moss .
the beacon appeared on the mtavs screen and gave harlin a bearing and route through the jungle foliage .
he was certain there was a pattern to the rock formations , the trees , and foliage , but each rock cluster was different in shape and size and so any discernable pattern would take time to discover .
the tangled floor of the jungle was also covered in vine and small grass foliage .
another leaf fell .
the area was much the same as far as plant life and foliage was concerned .
harlin did nt see any other sign of slunks , but did see an odd lump of uncharacteristic foliage close to the entrance .
the leaf formations which cover the body feeds the creature , much like a plant does with photosynthesis .
he saw destroyed pockets of foliage which were grenade blast zones .
harlin found evidence of ground movement through the foliage ; branches were snapped and the grass was disturbed .
he knew he was closer ; infrared still showed high thermals in the disturbed foliage .
harlin followed and was lead to a narrow side gorge that had a large rock pile covered in foliage and overgrowth .
beams of light decorated the jungle foliage and floor with patches of bright green .
a chilling breeze rustled the foliage and washed over the twenty women , sounding as a voice that whispered , stop !
the captured virgin soldier struggled feebly and her cries were muffled by the thick leaf over her mouth .
` ` it is a great risk for anyone to enter , mortal or otherwise , '' she said , staring at some arbitrary tree leaf behind me .
i do nt know which is more stubborn , the green leaf that refuses to change color or the brown leaf that refuses to let go of the branch .
i do nt know which is more stubborn , the green leaf that refuses to change color or the brown leaf that refuses to let go of the branch .
he marveled at their strange foliage and the quiet creatures that lurked among them , staring out at him with huge and mournful eyes , or calling to each other eerily from the dark branches .
a luggage rack held several other passenger 's things on gold leaf railings above the benches on either side of the train .
he motions to the door and yin follows him through , taking in the entrance hall outlaid in gold leaf and deep marble .
the mountains are blue due to the gaseous haze emitted by the foliage of eucalypt trees .
again , he saw the sky above , obstructed by vines and leaves and foliage .
she floated down gently onto the ground as if she weighed no more than a feather or a leaf .
he pulled down on it harder , hearing a pop when the leaf was freed from the branch .
with the leaf nestled into his palm he inspected it , tracing a fingertip over the vein like ridges .
as he turned his palm , the colors of the leaf turned first a yellow green , then tinged with pink to a darker fuchsia and then finally to red .
when he would turn his palm the other way , the sequence would repeat in reverse until he was once again looking at a yellow - green leaf .
brightly coloured flowers lined the path , and small and large statues hid among the foliage .
the monkey dived into the foliage .
i do nt imagine well find anything too interesting except for a lot of overgrown foliage .
he gazed around as monkeys appeared in the trees around them one by one , some only eyes glowing deep in the foliage , others hanging from branches or sitting comfortably on limbs .
their heads were turned toward the window like they were on a leisurely drive through the fall foliage or something .
his dark eyes peer through the tangled curls insanely , his facial expressions hidden beneath the fuzzy facial foliage .
the cat 's sparkling blue eyes were focused on the movement of the foliage and its dark chocolate ears scanned the surroundings for the faintest sound .
he saw something slide slowly under a wide rhubarb leaf and pounced on it , all fangs and claws .
as he stared under the broad leaf one of the rocks shifted a foot , ending up behind him somehow and changing color again .
as she walked eagerly from one lot to another , sarah noticed the plants transformed themselves in response to the different conditions of terra two , they were n't radically different from the species they had brought from earth but the redhead 's endless dedication saw the little changes - a bluish hue in the green of the foliage , due to the lightness of the soil , the stronger ridges on the stems of herbaceous plants , developed to better support their much larger size , the completely new cultivars that emerged on their own , perfectly adapted to the climate of terra two .
the sister scanned the landscape with uncharacteristic excitement , trying to spot any trace of blue among the bristly foliage .
the other lizards cooed in approval , invisible in the colorful fluffy foliage of the oma tree .
the rough foliage resembled junipers but on closer look their entire branches consisted of one singular leaf , fringed like an eyelash and twirling around itself all the way to the top .
the rough foliage resembled junipers but on closer look their entire branches consisted of one singular leaf , fringed like an eyelash and twirling around itself all the way to the top .
while engaged in this discourse on the virtues of simplicity and self - denial the sister was feeding josephine freshly cut up morsels from an oma tree 's succulent foliage .
the tree had been transported from sola in a specially designed container , calibrated to maintain the perfect levels of humidity and atmospheric gases , so that the taste of the foliage would not be altered .
roll the dice again and that gorgeous monarch you see on the leaf would not exist ; or at a minimum , there would be differences in coloration or behavior .
lani wondered what the molecule did here on gondwana , probably something minor like make a leaf curl or uncurl depending upon water stress .
she opened the plastic sample case , and , on impulse , crushed a bit of leaf between her gloved thumb and finger .
she crushed the rest of the leaf and dropped it in alfie 's waiting mouth .
on their field trip , one small shrub had tightly furled its leaves in response to the leaf cutting .
she gestured to the high cliffs beyond the lush stretch of tropical trees and foliage between the towering cliffs and the ivory sand beaches .
the foliage surrounding the clearing was lush with date and coconut palm trees , cypress boughs covered in hanging moss , and thick patches of brilliant orchids in purple , red and yellow .
the late afternoon sunlight filtered through the leaves , dappling the leaf litter on the ground .
she said , her voice a leaf drifting on the wind .
it looked like a giant maple leaf had been attached to each mans back , maple leaves that were a reddish gold colour- like during fall .
the flesh in between the veins of the leaf were a gold translucent colour and the veins a darker line against that background .
the man disappeared , blowing away like a leaf in autumn .
the city lay two miles east , but lansing could barely make out its modest buildings because of the leaf storms .
the water coursing down the grate was rife with leaf fragments , grass seeds and nettles , dead midges .
at first he d attributed this to a conspiracy between the foliage and the sun .
i m damn hungry , wren said and tore the biggest leaf off the lowest branch .
the leaf was unexpectedly dense , and hard to hold because of its waxy skin .
wren chewed on a leaf , slurped the juice off his wrists .
wren felt around the inside of his rucksack for the smallest leaf .
he was in the middle of his fifth leaf when he saw a brindle calf dining on a swayback .
he slept for two hours and woke up plastered in shredded foliage .
the sun was hanging low in the morning sky , it shot narrow beams of light through the dense forest , bouncing from leaf to leaf before finding its final destination on caleb 's face .
contents chapter thirty bum - raa awoke with a grunt and a confused stare , a leaf stuck to his cheek .
newton commented as he pulled a leaf blower the size of a shed from beneath the loose covering that acted as the ground .
urk was nearer now , and parted the foliage carefully as he crouched and shuffled forward .
as i stepped from the protective foliage of the orchard i took a deep breath and headed straight to the nearest store as if i had as much right as anyone to go inside .
ferdin 's hand shook like a leaf in a high breeze .
claudia poked one of the prongs into a thin slice of marbled meat , and another into some kind of pungent leaf .
he tried to get an idea of what was happening through the foliage and darkness that blocked his view .
she knew the pulse of life underneath it ; she felt every leaf and piece of bark .
the climber 's skin blended in with the foliage , and soon after no more trace remained of him .
the trees sizzled and toppled to the ground from the blasts , and he thanked whatever gods there were on this planet that the foliage was there to absorb the hits .
the light turned into a large drasil leaf that unfurled from its stem in the ground .
but the drasil held firm , and with every branch , bud , and leaf made of light , the darkness receded .
i let her colorful figure disappear behind the next curve of foliage before turning back to my chronometer .
be careful not to be anywhere a leaf is likely to fall in the next few hours , i caution .
i brush a leaf off the table .
i find a section of street where the heavy foliage from the trees is blocking most of the rain , and pull over .
lawn mower , leaf blower , it did nt matter , just something small without an electronic ignition or brain .
the forest line is only a short distance ahead , birch and oak nestled in fall foliage colors .
the low grasslands morph into a stand of american elm , the dark , twisting branches a counterpoint to the brilliant golden - pumpkin foliage in fluffy clouds above .
there should still be some berries around here and a leaf or two of mint .
all that singing and dancing and dealing in ' cornish leaf ' over there , i should be happy with the peace and quiet .
it was tipped with a steel leaf blade and finished with some kind of dark green enamel paint .
conrad is still supplying fenshirk with cornish leaf .
conrad is his competitor in cornish leaf dealing , eliza was one of his own , his cousin i think .
river boats had been torched , wood and stone buildings had been razed to the ground , crops of cornish leaf grown on the outskirts burned freely and animals were roaming wild .
she darted into them , turning sharply , not running straight but rabbiting over thick roots and deep foliage .
in the morning they found a thick forest of beech and oak which was carpeted with a spongy mass of leaf litter .
occasionally a sun beam filtered through the dense foliage .
they reflected hues of burnt orange and rusty red , like fall foliage on earth .
the jungle foliage outside waved with the powerful wind and rain , moving almost as if it were rough seas .
fritz and ernest turned to see an army of lurchers emerging from the dense jungle foliage .
the foliage on the edge of the clearing shook and admitted bill , ernest and fritz .
observing what jack was doing , nip leapt into open air and grabbed hold of the base of a broad leaf .
eighteen bill pushed the foliage aside and looked out at the open space .
they pulled some fresh leaves from the foliage and covered the hole .
bills heart swelled with equal parts pride and concern as his beloved rode with a distinct lack of grace into the foliage .
the foliage at the end of the booby trap corridor rustled .
the foliage burst open .
the foliage rustled and shook .
then a three hundred pound man in a tight pair of speedos stumbled through the foliage .
lurchers had over - spilled from one pit to another , and still more were coming through the jungle foliage .
jack took off into the foliage , heading for falcons next .
he leapt over tree roots jutting from the ground , ducked under low hanging boughs and tore through the foliage .
the family made their way through the thick jungle foliage .
it came from the foliage behind him .
the foliage shook , and the low groan became louder .
jack turned to see the foliage rustle and a torn grey arm begin to emerge .
the figure stepped out from the foliage , revealing a face with a ruined nose , and teeth visible through both cheeks .
twenty - six but even as he spoke , more lurchers came through the foliage and spilled across the courtyard .
without foliage , oxygen levels on those planets had begun to fall .
i got off the bus trying to straighten my clothes and brushed off a stray piece of foliage .
the odd leaf clings to me .
i shake like a leaf , i cry quietly and i wait .
the ground he was lying on was covered in vibrant red foliage .
he could see that it was bordered by a dark , red forest with foliage of a brighter color , similar to the undergrowth .
as he set aside the red leaf amaranth and kolibri kohlrabi , which sat as proudly purple as his personal purple capa , ravno gripped the wooden edge of the table with soil - stained hands and focused on kar .
they ducked under a low sandstone archway to enter one of many parna rooms where , with large boulders and close - knit foliage that surrounded the smaller vents , steam accumulated with concentrated purpose .
keba rolled some halibut into a larger leaf and brought it to ravno to bite in half .
vorras needle peeked through breaks in the foliage to their second and the density of steam increased after they crossed the sunberry .
return to text footnote 3 ) of course , every mirror in the 1st century roman empire was dim , in other words , gave a poor quality reflection , for they originally used polished brass to make their mirrors , and while pliny mentions glass mirrors backed by gold leaf by 77ad , the modern process that gives an exact likeness was nt invented until 1835 by justus von liebig .
the model glides smoothly around the catwalk until the song stops then disappears back into the foliage .
next out is an anode wearing a dress made of one banana leaf , with the spine of the leaf running down parallel to the model 's backbone and trailing back behind like a dragons tail .
next out is an anode wearing a dress made of one banana leaf , with the spine of the leaf running down parallel to the model 's backbone and trailing back behind like a dragons tail .
a beautiful evening dress that echoes the luminous green shades of the banana leaf , a range of short flowing dresses in shades of green , a green trouser suit that would be perfect for a leprechaun to wear to a st patrick 's day parade , and lastly a model wearing a battered olive green jacket with sensual green lacy knickers .
the insect climbs up the stem of a plant and uses its mandibles to secure itself to a leaf vein , with abnormal force , leaving dumbbell - shaped marks on it .
once the mandibles of the ant are secured to the leaf vein , atrophy sets in destroying the sarcomere connections in the muscle fibers , and reduces the mitochondria and sarcoplasmic reticula .
each branch on the tree is a universe , each leaf is a world that grows with the mother 's warmth . ''
another thud followed by the sound of cracking limbs drew closer , but the foliage was too dense to identify the source .
his rough lips massaging the brittle leaf wrapping a bit as mental gears did their work in his head .
for jacento , that high spot was atop a mountain filled with thick foliage .
he loved his usual groups such as a perfect circle , fly leaf , p.o.d . , but lacuna coil and amusement parks on fire were his new diehard favorites .
each leaf is in the same spot and each branch hanging below the greenery on top are exactly the same .
so , she says , her voice shaking like a leaf in the cold wind of november .
a lone butterfly with rainbow wings emerged from between the branches , fluttered down like a falling leaf , settled and then came toward her and her gaping eyes followed the its trail as it circled and then returned through the hanging vines over the gateway .
his footsteps crunched on the fallen foliage beneath his boots .
bushy foliage hid the road on both sides .
chris peered at the thick foliage on the other side of the road , losing himself to the peace and silence .
the foliage shook , and a pair of zombies stumbled from it , heading for the car .
attracted by the noise , zombies stumbled through the foliage .
still , for people conditioned to living in a three - dimensional network of bark , wood and leaf , the novelty of seeing open land never waned .
an aerial view of the tri - hulled ship came into view a second later , its broad leaf sails taut with a strong southwestern wind .
scanning hundreds of miles of the provider 's northern most branches , his heightened vision finally located the tops of instenkul 's piney foliage .
the source flowed in every leaf ; its energy vibrated in each custom crafted seat .
his depression mounted as he threaded his way down the network of wilted branch , stem and foliage , revealing the full extent of his home 's transformation .
shifters way was a veritable , three - dimensional jungle encased by a canopy of reddish - gold foliage , replete with lush hanging fern gardens , reefs of countless epiphytes , bushes bursting with blooms and ripe berries and thickets of creeping vines .
countless generations of shifters honed their craft on the convolution of sub - branch , stem , leaf and plant life .
so steffor began to swing from twig and vines and catapulted from springy stems and leaf .
they floated just above the broad leaf canopy for a few terrifying seconds before gravity pulled them back down to start the process over .
the water splattered against a mammoth three - pronged leaf before descending further into the dense jungle .
he filled the basin next to his bed with warm water and washed with the accompanied dulsa leaf , exfoliating a layer of grime from the day prior .
bark , leaf , branch , bough or creatures , all fell victim to the deagrons insatiable hunger .
with a long free fall to start , drove through copse of stalks and leaves , punching his way through leaf and stem .
as broke free of dense foliage , he formed a source sphere at the last second on a stalk not a half mile from where we stand , no wider than you are long . ''
our branch displayed many unique and unseen growth patterns and foliage .
the splatter of blood on the surrounding foliage and frantic sounds of struggle as the beast dragged their victims through the underbrush the last to see or hear of them . ''
she stepped to him , absently flicking a piece of leaf and dried - up stem from his shirt before gently placing her hands on his chest .
as a leaf feeds on the sun 's rays , steffor opened himself to the whole and siphoned his fill of energy from the provider 's bountiful sea of life .
the allegoric tributaries , streams , rivers and shoreline witnessed in his previous meditative vision , replaced by a visible blue current of energy moving through every leaf and creature .
shifters embodied the source accessible within the fibers forming wood , bark and leaf .
it disappeared from sight as it penetrated the expanse of sofelaruss foliage below .
the subtle curves , bends and straightaways of their passage blurred by without incident as the guardian trail navigated them through leaf and branch at blazing speeds .
the dozens of trees lining the half ring were each different : from rangy , conical firs bristling with abundant evergreen pine needles to stout oaks with sprawling limbs and broad leaf hoods to towering redwoods with its fractals soaring above the rest .
chase called after him but jovani jumped on a tree and disappeared behind the foliage .
dastou dipped a fork into his stew , stuck a piece of enta beef and a leaf of thick green gannas pepper to the utensil , and stirred the combination in the bowl for a few seconds .
however , he did stop for a moment to admire some holographic foliage near the edge of the patio .
the spear became a short leaf bladed sword that was thankfully sheathed .
their hoverbikes were low to the ground , displacer engines thrashing the surface like leaf blowers over uncooked rice .
he could see an abundance of black fruit , about the same size as apples slightly hidden behind almost every leaf .
and depending on which story was to be believed , it was either the first leaf to sprout from the pit of the station or the first dome to be built by hull who paradoxically had both built the city and been born there and was either a man or the metal exterior of the station .
in the rhine they made fires without care , when there was something to burn like foliage that grew in the promenades or old rotten furniture .
the plants that clung from the walls of the tunnel seemed to purify it and a rich earthy odor issued from the foliage .
over time , the groves had become infested with various life forms , station - rats , iguana , and the odd rhine - finch could be found tucked amongst the foliage .
flashes of terror the deeper julian plummeted into the hanging forest , the narrower and more choked with foliage the air shaft became .
the roar of the wind drowned out his cries as he scrambled through the foliage and out toward the open connector , one hand waving the baton , the other grabbing at branches and pulling himself forward .
the man landed on the mat of foliage and taking the washing machine in one hand , an impossible feat except in the weightless connector , he ran along the vines and branches of the forest , using his other arm and dexterous toes to pull himself along .
they entered into a sort of living maze where the vines and foliage had been woven over time to form passages .
no , he thought , as he maneuvered around one large trunk that jutted out into the air shaft , not untended ... once he realized it , sebastian could see hand of the wind - people in every aspect of the forest : vines that spanned the massive open spaces , purposefully twined together , windows kept meticulously clear of foliage , letting light in where it should have been blotted out , and the openings in the canopy , forest - hollows where the four - legged brothers and sisters prowled .
there were maybe a hundred of them , all covered in light foliage that grew toward the dimly glowing hologram .
station finches exploded from the foliage when kelvin crashed into a tree .
the thin sheet crumpled and fell along with the leaf pile into a deep pit below .
the two were strolling down a long , wide corridor that was attached to the outside of the hull of station , much like the promenades but twice as large and without any foliage .
the english sun was low and feeble , the rays washing the foliage of the surrounding forest with subtle yellows and oranges .
a winding , one lane country track with trees so thick that their overhanging branches formed a leaf covered passageway .
then , using his spoon , he showed janice to put a spoonful of the bean and carrot onto a hawthorn leaf , roll it like a mini fajita and eat .
people use bay leaf in spaghetti sauce .
did you ever lick a bay leaf ?
code 13 b the granger bee tumbled through space like a dead leaf caught in the currents of a river .
the peak was soon lost to sight behind interceding cliffs and foliage , as often was the case with mountains when you got closer to them .
the leaves throughout the forest were starting to fill in the gaps between trees but the foliage was still too thin to camouflage her .
while maneuvering through foliage , around anthill mounds , and other obstructions , the expedition slowly stepped forward toward a clearing .
he then combined a large , durable leaf with the rubber bands .
the twin picked up a stone and placed it in the leaf pocket .
master tesmor , blinded by his own arrogance , and his belief that redgarn would see the err of his crimes and return to them in a new leaf , had made the single greatest mistake of history .
twining supplejack swayed slightly within the drooping foliage of the tree , wrapped round and round the tendril - like branches that stooped into the brackish water .
i ve got nerves of steel , and i walked out of here shaking like a leaf after that one .
it settled on the foliage , freezing it , turning it white with frost first , and then black with rot .
the outskirts of the city are usually the best bet for the coverage of trees and foliage , but we are at least half an hour from being out d.c .
the letter wavered like a leaf in a gentle breeze as he held it gingerly between his thumb and forefinger .
huts balanced precariously in the branches of the trees appeared as they climbed higher into the foliage .
even though a large portion of the tree had been cut away it still flourished sprouting gold and peach blossoms amid spring green foliage .
they built their homes of deadfall and crudely cut strips of leaf tied with vine .
punctuated by sharp creaks and groans like the settling of a very old house , the jinn reached with branches into his browned upper foliage .
the rounds zipped through the foliage , knocking down leaves and sending shreds of bark into the air .
every rustling leaf reminded me of the same .
i never imagined that a region could have denser foliage than the scorpion territory , but this forest was certainly a contender .
the only place that was n't choked with foliage was where the chopper had crashed and flattened the vegetation to the ground .
every bush , every patch of leaf covered ground looked like the perfect spot to hide a trap , and i knew that each step we took into the thick brush would have to be calculated .
every bit of foliage , from small saplings to massive trees , had been cut to the ground by the industrious spider tribe .
slowly the craft stopped , hovering about forty feet above the foliage thick ground .
as if on cue , she emerged from the thick foliage .
i hastily dropped prone and disappeared into the thick , marsh foliage .
we threw one last bunch of foliage over the bodies to ensure they would n't be spotted before tearing off to where o'brian had repositioned himself .
the thick foliage completely blocked my view of the horizon , however , i could faintly see the filtration of dawn 's light .
all i saw was thick foliage and swampy water .
soft , green foliage lay trampled under a sea of marsh creatures .
* * it turned out the slick cycles had no problem tearing through the thick foliage and even thicker mud .
a thick jungle leaf brushed his cheek .
ares ducked as many as he could before he decided to hold his rifle out front to block the foliage .
they all ran into the foliage and the plane flew overhead .
there are more than a few stars , eagles , and oak leaf clusters that are involved with keeping you in place out there for another 4 weeks , major salk responded .
it really was a beautiful sight ; the incredible green foliage covering everything in all directions .
max thought that looked fun , and started to make great leaps in the forest , narrowly missing trees as he flew through the foliage .
she ducked under a large leaf and into the forest beyond .
every limb , branch and leaf took a mighty heave and fell inwards .
` ` a leaf , '' she replied .
we do n't know if the leaf was a default or something . ''
of all the objects in the entire universe , she could n't think of anything other than a stupid green leaf .
it was so much easier to stay hidden in the cover of foliage than in the open , treacherous desert .
as juna took that farewell stroll , a domesticated brown animal that she named mamba followed her , nibbling foliage as it went .
however , a more beautiful sight you will not see than the fall color of the aspen leaf .
if a leaf or something floated over your eye , that would be it , forever .
only the leaf .
` ` a possible spot where a plant leaf might have speared him ? ''
her hair was a cloud of black curls with gold tips , and dark lashes framed her eyes - green eyes , the color of a leaf in the forest .
this being here is a flake of your dried flesh , a leaf trembling in your wind .
it is a rare beauty and , if i had my way , there should not be a leaf moved out of place , nor a flower , nor a rabbit , anywhere in all these hundreds of square kilometers . '
the cube struck the feathery foliage of a palm and not a frond was disturbed .
it was as though they saw in the distance a gigantic forest of gnarled leaf - less trees writhing and riven into a complex design that strengthened and held firm the most vital muscle of the human body .
an old , dead leaf would have rustled more coming down and landed thumpier .
the sea - the sky - a sunset - a glossy leaf shining with the morning dew - everything .
22 fastolfe moved slowly forward , plucking a leaf from a shrub that he passed , bending it in two , and nibbling at it .
through the glass ahead and on either side ( and backward , if he craned his neck ) was the whiteness of sky and the greenness of foliage , all amounting to outside - that is , to nothing .
it is a rare beauty and , if i have my way , there should not be a leaf moved out of place , nor a flower , nor a rabbit , anywhere in all these hundreds of square kilometers . ''
or going leaf - to - leaf with a walking plant monster .
or going leaf - to - leaf with a walking plant monster .
rex stepped into the rip and caught a leaf .
teg stared southward through the trees , momentarily mesmerized by leaf - dappled sunlight .
colorful birds peered from screening foliage or flitted across the scene - lines of blurred pigmentation that became camouflage when they ducked abruptly under leaves .
murbella grasped the foot as she would catch a wind - blown leaf and , continuing the flow of it , levered logno into a threshing club that ended with her head pulped on the floor .
to such young eyes there was no shock value in seeing the flat foliage of rain trees .
but the foliage caused it to blend back into the canyon wall and become indistinct .
- the study of vegetation was common in temperate regions , where the foliage underwent seasonal changes .
but the equatorial rain forest was unchanging : winter or summer , the foliage remained the same .
each individual green puff of a tree had a trunk forty feet in diameter , soaring two hundred feet into the air ; a space the size of a gothic cathedral was concealed beneath its billowing foliage .
and it was oddly monotonous : although he saw every shade of green in the foliage and the clinging creeper vines , there were few flowers or blooms .
they had progressed halfway across a small jungle clearing when the large silverback male reared above the foliage and bellowed at them .
he ran sideways across the grass , slapping the foliage and making as much noise as possible , to frighten the intruders off .
and directly beneath the beams were the moss - covered stone blocks , half concealed in jungle foliage , of the lost city of zinj .
when she still did not emerge from the foliage , another possibility had to be considered .
a radio survey would separate them widely in dense foliage - and , considering what had happened to the previous expedition , this seemed unwise .
almost at once they became aware of movement in the foliage outside the compound .
the foliage moved all around them , but they saw nothing .
munro was stalking around the perimeter of the camp , his clothing soaked to the chest by the wet foliage .
and field studies by dian fossey suggested that gorillas also hunted from time to time , killing small game and monkeys , whenever - he heard a rustling in the bushes across the stream , and an enormous silverback male gorilla reared up in chest - high foliage .
then he realized that there was still movement in the foliage across the stream .
elliot climbed up on the statue and began stripping away the clinging foliage .
munro and kahega began firing upward , silent laser beams streaking into the foliage .
crouched behind the dense foliage they held their breath and watched the gorillas feed on the opposite hillside .
he watched the jungle foliage move in as their path narrowed .
the gorillas might be only a few feet away , concealed in the dense foliage , and they would n't know it until it was too late .
he saw the foliage moving before him , shifting as if blown by a wind .
munro watched the foliage move , , and heard the sighing .
when they turned away from the ravine , the sighing faded and the foliage ceased its movement .
he watched the group long enough to be sure that all the females used language , and that there were no infants concealed in the foliage .
they disappeared hack into the foliage .
6.amy talk thing talk at 3 p.m. , elliot and amy were completely concealed in the foliage along the hillside .
the only sign of their presence was the slender cone of the microphone that protruded through the foliage .
and he noticed one of the beams was moving where it struck foliage in the trees above .
at first he thought it was an illusion , that the leaf was moving and not the beam .
through his night goggles he surveyed the foliage .
once again , the sighing came from all directions ; and although he heard the jungle foliage shifting , he saw no movement close to the camp .
the rfsd chattered and the foliage snapped with bullets .
and worst of all , the rain splattering the foliage was so noisy they had to shout to each other .
immediately she dived to the ground , burying her head in the low foliage , refusing to move .
as they watched , the foliage collapsed closer and closer to the city , until finally the city itself crumbled under a darkly descending cloud , and disappeared .
you have to include time in the diagram , certainly , but the firing and branching are like a complex solid pushed into time , like the veins in a four - dimensional leaf . ''
extending his front right extensor , tibor plucked a leaf from the tree and examined it .
a leaf blew past tiber 's head ; he tried to grasp it , but it escaped and disappeared .
one had an ax , a foliage ax .
the trees were old , and the foliage had moved high on their trunks .
he sat for a long time within the arms of a green , black , and gold leaf lounge chair , sipping coffee and meditating about the next few hours .
now he could see the spider ; it rested on a serrated leaf .
no one stirred ; the road was deserted and only foliage , rolling hillsides and the flat farm land below , were to be seen .
moonlight slanted down into an enclosed garden , sentinel trees and broad leaves , wet foliage .
he glimpsed leaf - green places , open plantings amidst the chalk - red and gold of the roofs .
the earth was raised high like the others , forming a barrow that would someday be covered with grass and foliage .
she touches a chair , a table , the leaf of a potted plant , as if marking the room with her scent .
his throat is sore from the objects she force - fed him : a ring , a hard and serrated leaf from one of the hotel 's plants , one of his own teeth .
he was amazingly light , as dehydrated as a november leaf from their long walk through the desert around him roland could feel the presence that dwelt in the circle of stones , whirring with a jealous anger c its prize had been taken from it when the gunslinger passed out of the circle , the sense of frustrated jealousy faded .
the gunslinger opened his tobacco poke and pawed through it , pushing the dry strands of leaf aside until he came to a minuscule object wrapped in a fragment of white paper .
a moment later , a second head rose above the foliage , and then a third , and a fourth .
several heads poked slowly out of the foliage .
the land cruiser moved slowly among the foliage .
the land cruiser stopped on a low rise , where a break in the foliage provided a view to the east .
the river was almost enclosed by dense foliage on both sides .
the land cruisers started up , and moved silently off , through the foliage .
alongside the apatosaurs , the smaller hadrosaurs stood on their hind legs to get at foliage .
tim turned to look at the foliage at the side of the road .
through the goggles , the foliage was a bright electronic green , and beyond he could see sections of the green grid pattern of the fence .
tim again scanned the foliage , but saw nothing .
behind the foliage , beyond the fence , he saw a thick body with a pebbled , grainy surface like the bark of a tree .
the gurgling sound became louder , drawing him forward , and suddenly he came out of the foliage and felt his feet sink into soft earth and saw the dark currents of the river .
he made a lot of noise as he ran , but even so he could hear the animal crashing through the foliage .
at first he saw only dense foliage , moving in the wind .
but here and there he could see gaps , and beyond the foliage , the ground was- the ground was twenty feet below him .
tim hurried across it , moved through an area of dense foliage , and came out onto the main road .
he scrambled back up toward the road , but when he emerged from the foliage he had a moment of disorientation .
the juvenile roared , but it did not attack , and regis now edged toward the trees and high foliage to the right .
he lifted the leg out of the foliage , raising it into the light of the headlamps , and blood from the stump gushed down over his band .
the jeep rushed up the hill , and for a moment at the top the headlights still pointed upward into the foliage , and then they swung down , and gennaro could see the road before them .
it was coming from the foliage directly ahead of him , by the side of the road .
some distance away , they saw the mother triceratops and the baby moving away toward a herd of large duckbilled hadrosaurs , eating foliage from trees at the edge of the lagoon .
he heard the crashing of foliage and trees , and when he looked over again , the duckbills were charging .
near the end of the dock , a wooden shed was painted green to blend with the foliage .
the banks closed in on both sides until the trees and foliage overhanging the banks met high above to block out the sun .
grant looked at the latticework shadows on the ground from the dome above , he noticed that the ground and the foliage were spattered with broad streaks of the same white chalky substance that had been on the building .
the big head of the tyrannosaur lunged through the foliage from the left , the jaws snapping at the raft .
the dilophosaurs were smaller than the tyrannosaur , small enough to slip through the dense foliage at the banks of the river .
the tyrannosaur was trying to break through the foliage , and the dilos hooted and stomped their feet in the mud .
they were in an open field , moving away from the dense line of foliage and palm trees that marked the course of the river , a hundred yards to the east .
the animal was slinking along the foliage that lined the banks of the river , going north .
gennaro crouched in the foliage , listening .
gennaro set out , leaving the path , plunging into the foliage .
the foliage here was very dense ; he could n't see more than six or seven feet ahead of him .
she was at least twenty yards from the fence now , and she could see the mist drifting like a light rain past the foliage .
she stayed away from the foliage .
the first animal charged from the foliage at the base of a tree to the left .
the raptor turned , and ran off into the foliage .
hammond spun so quickly he fell on the path , and when he looked back he thought he saw the shadow of the juvenile t - rex , moving in the foliage beside the flagstone path , moving toward him .
they could have added an extra leaf while we were in session . ''
maybe the priest himself ; he saw with no real surprise an empty wine bottle lying off to one side , with other bits of debris caught on the sharp foliage nearby .
it clicked in and he shot upward just as his body swung into the thick foliage of the trees .
they were thick with foliage and laden with long , wispy trails of moss .
they heard more moans from the distant foliage .
he saw nothing but green streaks as the animal moved in and out of the thick foliage .
lily held up a small , intricately detailed oak leaf of pure silver .
lily smiled , laid a slender hand over the oak leaf in benediction , then walked back over to me .
she turned to me and pinned another silver leaf over my heart , then laid her hand over it .
on the floor , they ' ve grown that thick , sweet - smelling carpet of foliage , and the walls are hollow honeycomb , covered with the leaves that they use in so many different aspects of their bioarchitecture .
it seems like asking vel the name of the plants would be carrying the pretense too far , so i simply bend to examine the waxy green foliage .
` ` the conglomerate symbol is a stylized sun crowned with a laurel leaf .
hit stands with a hand shading her eyes , peering up through the blackened canopy as if she can pierce the foliage , the cloud cover , and the barrier of the atmosphere to see the battle overhead with the nak*d eye .
gray entrails spill out onto the foliage , but it 's nothing i ' ve ever seen before - and i ' ve killed some monsters in my day .
the trees around him are dark and threatening , yet , from the foliage , it seems to be springtime .
they 're part combustion engine , part solar - powered , and they have great tires that flatten the foliage as they go .
his mouth twitched a few times before he blurted , ` ` remember the leaf lily gave you . ''
` ` after that mess at arctis tor , lily gave me a silver pin in the shape of an oak leaf .
i lifted the leaf to chuck it out , but something made me hesitate .
sure enough , the little cloth bag containing catnip and the silver oak leaf pin still hung from the extra - large rubber band i 'd snipped and fixed to the ceiling directly over little chicago .
` ` the leaf 's in there . ''
every time the leaf gets within a foot of the model , my spell transfers the beacon 's signal to the corresponding location in the city . ''
one of them , a lizard - looking thing , had fallen into the foliage behind me and not five feet from my hiding spot , with about two - thirds of its head simply missing from its shoulders .
a rope now dangled down over the foliage below where he 'd hung , but he 'd abandoned the exposed shooting position after taking down one more enemy , it would seem .
fourth , that since i had confounded summer 's attempt to track me via use of the little oak leaf pin , eldest brother gruff had probably been waiting for me to use fire magic in battle - the same magic that i had entwined with the power of the summer lady two years ago at arctis tor .
i fumbled in my pocket and came out with the other thing i had grabbed back at my apartment - the little silver oak leaf pin mister had been batting all over little chicago .
so was the silver oak leaf pin .
the wind lashed through the moist foliage growing against the davis house .
it looked like a giant leaf ; it came out and wrapped around me . ''
` ` tina mentioned something about a leaf , a brown leaf . ''
` ` tina mentioned something about a leaf , a brown leaf . ''
each tentacle ends in a flattened ' manus ' or ' palm , ' which looks very much like a big leaf .
norman had a glimpse of a glowing stalk as thick as a man 's body , and a great glowing leaf five feet long , swinging blindly past him , and as he ducked he saw it hit beth and knock her sideways .
ted was scrambling up , away from the hatch and the twisting arm , and he had almost reached the door when the leaf swung back and wrapped around him , covering most of his body .
ted grunted , pushed at the leaf with his hands .
the billionaires lived here , in residences hidden from the street by high gates and dense foliage .
the foliage was so thick they could not see down into resolution bay below , but they could hear the shouts of working men and the intermittent rumble of machinery .
after half an hour , there was a sudden break in the foliage , and they had a panoramic view of resolution bay spread out below them .
and he plunged onward , vanishing into dense foliage .
there were plants from which one could remove a tiny cutting - a leaf , or a bit of stem - then plant it and grow a duplicate .
she held in her hands a narrow , dark green leaf with a point divided in three .
she lifted the leaf .
he took the leaf between two fingers .
she had no concept of what she 'd done , fetching him a leaf of one of roshar 's most deadly natural poisons because she 'd wanted to make him happy .
` ` everything seemed to go wrong when you lost that leaf , '' syl said in a soft voice .
he clenched his hand , crushing the blackbane leaf inside , then dropped it over the side of the chasm .
` ` i gave you a leaf , '' she said .
` ` a poisonous leaf .
` ` you are n't angry at me for bringing you that leaf ? ''
it was beautiful , a masterpiece of gold leaf on black canvas .
it was built across a rift in the leeward side of a tall rock formation overlooking an open plain of stone , like a wet leaf stuck across a crack in a boulder .
syl moved like a blown leaf , tossed this way and that , leisurely , faint .
she zipped down to hover before him , changing from a leaf to a young woman standing in the air .
syl twirled around kaladin in a blur , riding the waves of stormlight that rose from his skin , moving like a leaf on the winds of a storm .
before he could , the dusty roadside foliage began to shake .
their boots crackled in the deep leaf cover .
he rolled a pair of cigarettes , using some sort of leaf which he tore in two , handed one to jake , then lit them up with a match he popped alight on his thumbnail .
no , mrs . tassenbaum and her rich - as - croesus dot - com husband would be gone back to jew york as soon as they saw the first colored leaf fall .
i lived in the same house for sixteen years and i ca n't tell you exactly what my backyard looked like , but i can describe in detail every leaf and twig in this stretch of forest .
leaf , branch , vine , bramble .
the foliage a blur of green and brown and mossy gray .
knots and tangles and bits of leaf and little wads of dirt .
camp ashpit is exactly how i left it , which means there is no camp ashpit , just a dirt road cutting through woods interrupted by a mile - wide emptiness where camp ashpit used to be , the ground harder than steel and bare of everything , even the tiniest weed or blade of grass or dead leaf .
the one thing that puzzles me is the person with the gun is shaking like a leaf and the one at her mercy is perfectly calm .
crashing through the woods in the bitter winter air , bare branch , blue sky , withered leaf , then bursting from the tree line into an open field , the frozen ground crunchy beneath my boots , under the dome of the indifferent sky , the brilliant blue curtain drawn over a billion stars that are still there , still looking down at her , the running girl with her short hair bouncing and tears streaming down her cheeks , not running from anything , not running to anything , just running , running like hell , because that 's the most logical thing to do when you realize the one person on earth you ' ve decided to trust is n't from the earth .
trapping at 90 % efficiency per leaf , causing triple - layered membrance to give results of 99.9 % .
orange fin and blue leaf joined at the foot of the hanging to form a stylized oracle .
from where he stood inside the hatchway , flattery admired the thickest concentration of terrestrial foliage in the world .
at the director 's hand signal goethe slunk back into the foliage .
her wounded stubs sniffed the blossoms thick in the green foliage .
he pointed further back to where there was obvious movement in the foliage against the wall .
my mind kept wanting to examine what must have gone on before i came back to the apartment ... kept wanting to see it -- him -- bellis -- jumping up , grabbing the loose edge of the wallpaper by the door to the bedroom because it was the only thing left in the room approximating paper -- hanging on -- finally tearing it loose and carrying it back to the typewriter on its -- on his -- head like the leaf of a nipa palm .
there were bold stretches of lawn and hidden scraps of lawn , and some flat stretches of greenery which were not lawns at all but mobile sheets of predatory leaf imprisoned behind thin moats of caustic water .
the military force which had been prepared for this moment needed jedrik for that extra edge which could pluck victory from the days ahead of them.for now , i must float like a leaf above the hurricane .
to float like an aware leaf was one thing , but she dared not let herself enter the hurricane ... not yet .
mckie , looking out to the side , identified hair fronds and broad leaf ficus , giant spikes of barbed red which he had never before seen .
the van gulped this track for two kilometers , leaving a dusty , leaf - whirling wake to a point where the game trail intersected a forest patrol road - a cleared track matted with dead sallow and bracken from the passage of the patrol vehicles .
her features were beginning to grow dim in the leaf whirl of things that fade .
a drop of condensation spilled from an acacia leaf directly beneath the window .
the cold forest where jared and jamie would hide and wait had felt safer in some ways - because the branches were thick and concealing , unlike the spindly desert foliage that hid little - but also more dangerous in its unfamiliar smells and sounds .
many things hung from its adhesive weave , dust , bugs , bit of dead leaf , even a stubby pencil he had thrown up there once .
` ` behold the fullness of the grain , the thickness of the leaf , '' he spooned from the communal pot , into the bowl to his left .
there are leaf grazers , for instance , whose only function is to keep the kelp 's leaves clean .
within seconds , the images overwhelmed her and she rolled across a kelp leaf unconscious .
to name a thing falsely and to act thereafter on the name - that is killing , a cutting of the spiritual leaf , the death of the stem .
then he knew he was being dangled over the sea : the foam at the edge of a kelp 's fan leaf caught his attention and held it .
she recalled the earlier , more terrible moments off the south coast of the egg when she had sprawled on a kelp leaf , fighting for her sanity .
she gently pulled a bit of leaf from the back of her left hand .
* * * and the dove came in to him in the evening ; and , lo , in her mouth was an olive leaf pluckt off .
he 'll dry up just like a leaf on a tree . ''
looking up , he saw the dense foliage that grew right to the edge of the cliff face .
almost immediately , their clothes were soaked from the wet foliage .
at the top of the next ridge , there was a break in the foliage , and he felt a welcome breeze .
diego grunted in surprise , then it was gone , disappearing in foliage .
several more appeared , from beneath the trailer , and from the foliage nearby .
he saw movement in the high foliage , as unseen small animals jumped from branch to branch .
but the jungle still hemmed them in on all sides ; they could not see much beyond the dense walls of foliage .
off to the right , sulfurous yellow steam issued from the ground , bleaching the nearby foliage white .
directly ahead , the trees along the road had been beaten down , creating a gap in the foliage .
and to the west , rising above a clump of trees , they saw a dozen long , graceful necks of apatosaurs , their bodies hidden by the foliage that they lazily ate .
it was clear the foliage on either side had once been cut far back , fifty feet on either side .
the surrounding foliage became sparser ; through gaps in the ferns thorne could see wooden outbuildings , all painted identical green .
over to the right , partially hidden in foliage , there were a series of small structures that looked like cottages .
with astonishing speed the tyrannosaurus rex burst into view , emerging from the foliage to the right of the explorer .
they hardly had a chance to see it before its big head and body disappeared into the foliage to the left .
now they saw the foliage to the left rustling and bending , and the tail was gone .
it came from more than one source : more than one big animal , purring beyond the foliage directly ahead .
he slipped forward through the foliage .
thorne glanced nervously back at the clearing , screened by intervening foliage .
thorne heard a chilling roar , and looked back to see one of the tyrannosaurs crash through the foliage and charge them .
the foliage slapped at them ; mud spit up on their faces and chests .
he followed the path downward , through foliage .
if an antelope begins to eat one tree in a grove , that tree releases the chemical ethylene into the air , which causes other trees in the grove to step up the production of leaf tannin .
the traditional belief has been that sauropods evolved long necks to eat high foliage that could not be , reached by smaller animals . ''
she found herself in the middle of a broad muddy river , surrounded by dense green foliage .
she did not know how much time passed , but finally she felt strong enough to haul herself arm over arm along the mangrove roots at the water 's edge , until she came to a narrow break in the foliage , leading to a patch of muddy shore beyond .
one by one , they disappeared , into the dense foliage behind the high hide .
moments later , there was a crashing sound in the underbrush , corning from several directions at once , and suddenly a dark - green , lizard - like animal about four feet high burst through the foliage at terrific speed , shrieked , and leapt over her .
in the foliage ahead , he heard a hissing sound , a sort of spattering , and then one of the parasaurs gave a long , low trumpeting cry .
directly ahead , the game trail they had been following continued through the foliage , to a clearing beyond .
on the screen , she saw foliage , and intermittent flashes of a red - and - black vehicle .
directly ahead was a wall of dense foliage .
it was coming from beyond the foliage ahead .
he glared at both of them , and then he stepped through the foliage into the clearing .
king hastily clambered out of the nest , ducked away through the foliage .
he lunged through the foliage , fell , hit a tree trunk , and tumbled down a steep jungle hill .
king could n't see him very well , in the dense foliage on the hillside , but dodgson looked dead .
the buzzing was suddenly very loud , building rapidly , and king looked forward and saw , through the foliage that blocked the windshield , a car driving by , not ten yards away .
there was almost no foliage up here , and as the road twisted and turned , he had views across the entire island .
he got to his feet and ran to the opposite side of the toad , where there was a slight rise ; he scrambled up it , moving into foliage .
they stayed about five or ten feet behind , making a lot of noise as they hopped and crashed through the low foliage .
and then , directly ahead , he saw a light through the foliage .
he pushed through the foliage and then saw a little shed , like a toolshed or a guardhouse , made of concrete , with a tin roof .
and then he saw the big head emerge from the foliage midway u one tree .
he looked over and saw the light from sarah 's bike moving off through the foliage , heading down toward the high hide .
to the right of the court , nearer the store , there was thick foliage , although he saw a gap - a path .
there was a shed , back in the foliage .
dodgson tugged at the strap , and the whole backpack slid out of the foliage .
then it roared overhead , unseen through the foliage above .
the foliage under their feet first became pallid , as if something had sucked all the sap out of it , then disappeared as the dark , moist earth bleached and granulated .
she looked around for anything - a falling leaf , a drop of rain - suspended in the air .
it was almost eight inches long , wafer thin and proportioned like a narrow leaf .
jessica found a leaf clutched in her free hand .
in response he took the leaf from her hand .
when her fingertips brushed the leaf , it fell softly to the roof , then skittered down the steep angle .
the bum - bler sniffed the burrito , then used one paw to separate the chunk of deermeat from the leaf .
once the meat was clear of the leaf , the bumbler wolfed it in a single bite , then looked up at jake .
a ragged mob of about twenty men and women had appeared , some coming from around the corner , others pushing through the mats of foliage which obscured the corner building 's arches , materializing from the smoke of the dwarf 's grenade like evil spirits .
he seemed lost in the tumbling , tangled green , this man , blending with the shadowy foliage so completely that another passerby might not have noticed him .
to think that all these years he had not smelled that sweet , heavy scent , and had not seen the sky behind the oaks catch fire , so each tiny leaf was suddenly distinct .
the vines had been a graceful etching of leaf and color , not the menacing tangle they had since become .
seven he 'd made the cab driver stop on the way in for a six - pack , already jubilant to be in the warm summer air , and now as they made the turn off the freeway and came down into the familiar and unforgettable squalor of lower st charles avenue , michael felt like weeping at the sight of the black - barked oak trees with their dark foliage , and the long narrow st charles streetcar , exactly as he had remembered it , roaring and clattering along its track .
yet there was a breathing , pulsing closeness to everything - the soft overgrown foliage behind the rusted iron fence blending in the darkness , and the singing of the cicadas , and the dense shadows beneath the oaks .
a soft rustling came from the foliage on the other side , just exactly to his right .
but now as he stared at the overgrown foliage , he realized that there was no one there .
he loathed being in an electrically lighted room in the morning , and he felt immediately happy again when he looked down on st charles avenue , on the wide band of grass and the streetcar tracks , and the dusty foliage of the oaks .
it seemed the night was full of dark persons , slaves perhaps moving in the foliage , and i did see one very shapely light - skinned creature smiling up at me as she passed .
a car came down the empty street beyond the front fence , headlights piercing the thick wet foliage .
the clean blue sky shone through the web of overhead foliage , and the light even in the shade seemed somehow bright and pure .
the foliage was dark and dusty and tight with the heat of the summer .
they found little greek statues , cement satyrs beautifully weathered , peeping with blind eyes from beneath the overgrown boxwood ; a marble nymph lost in the dark waxen leaf camellias , and the tiny yellow lantana blooming beautifully wherever the sun broke in .
as a matter of fact , there was n't any leaf in this entire bouquet which had the same pattern or number of points as another .
nothing but the hum of the bees , and the mingled sounds of the workmen - the low grind of a lawn mower just starting up , and the sound of the diesel leaf blowers navigating the paths .
the foliage grew high and dense over the balustrade .
she stood up , staring up into the soft foliage of the sweet olive tree , at the bits and pieces of pale sky .
the dark foliage came alive around it , spattered with the whiteness .
warning beepers in the cab had gone off- '' yah 's protection was n't enough , he realized as the cab spun lower and lower like a falling , withered leaf .
breaking off a leaf norm chewed it , then spat it out ; the leaf was bitter and coated with sand .
breaking off a leaf norm chewed it , then spat it out ; the leaf was bitter and coated with sand .
leo bulero leaned back in his chair , lit a large green havana - leaf claro cigar which had been housed in a helium - filled humidor , probably for years ... the cigar , as he bit the end off , seemed dry and brittle ; it cracked under the pressure of his teeth and he felt disappointment .
you were a leaf that did n't know it was part of a tree .
shafts of sunlight came down through the thick foliage , dappling the ground .
anyway , by now he had reached a sunlit opening in the foliage .
` ` what is all that about - ` ` ` ` now , '' marek said , and throwing an arm around chris 's shoulders , he pulled him bodily off the path and into the foliage .
they were still some distance away , intermittently visible through gaps in the foliage .
it was a pale streak against the darker grass and foliage that surrounded it .
here there was no one at all , and they were able to peer through foliage at the fortified mill bridge , now about a quarter of a mile downstream .
almost immediately , she smashed down into foliage , clutched at it , and held .
beyond the castle was a ring of foliage , and outside that a complex of blocky buildings and a network of roads .
` ` you look ... you 're not ... '' sharp eyes scanned jessica from head to toe , then beth reached out to pull a stray leaf from her hair .
` ` that 's a leaf , genius . ''
the silver oak leaf .
` ` do you have the oak leaf on you ? ''
he opened it , felt around inside , and came out with it - a small , exquisitely detailed replica of an oak leaf , backed with a simple pin .
` ` but that leaf is n't .
the wolves leapt out of sight and vanished into the forest with barely a leaf disturbed by their movements , half a second before binder came out of the woods , a semiautomatic assault shotgun pressed against his shoulder .
they were in thurston 's litde cabin on chester pond , which lay between little bitch road and prestile stream.they had come here for a long ' fall foliage ' weekend , but most of the foliage they had admired since friday afternoon had been of the pubic variety.there was no tv in the cabin ; thurston marshall abominated tv .
they were in thurston 's litde cabin on chester pond , which lay between little bitch road and prestile stream.they had come here for a long ' fall foliage ' weekend , but most of the foliage they had admired since friday afternoon had been of the pubic variety.there was no tv in the cabin ; thurston marshall abominated tv .
their fall foliage hung limply , looking sullen rather than gay .
' no , i have to write - ' ' you 're not going to write anything like you are.you 're shaking like a leaf .
their fall foliage , in a normal season brilliant enough to qualify for a calendar or tourism brochure , now hung limp and brown .
the fall foliage on the other side was heartbreaking in its brilliance .
palms lined many of the streets and other foliage was common .
she was like a child , sitting and staring at a leaf , trying to make it move just by concentrating on it .
there was a blur of pink above the concrete ridge which bore the rail ; a rooster - tail of dust , stones , small dismembered animals , and whirling foliage followed along after .
beyond the carousel , the foliage grew even thicker , strangling the path until the travellers edged along single - file , like lost children in a fairy - tale wood .
he did n't quite faint , but the color drained out of the world until the running - to - riot foliage on the west side of the park looked almost as gray as the autumn sky overhead .
8 they ate the leaf - wrapped delicacies eddie called gunslinger burritos , drawing closer to the fire and feeding it more wood as the dark drew down .
but stay ... one more moment ... '' she rummaged in the pocket of her apron and brought out half a cake wrapped in a piece of green leaf .
while they were still ten yards from the hem of the forest , both saw the glimmer of metal despite the dense foliage - too dense , she thought .
another leaf drifted down from the tree .
cuthbert was amused to see that the lone , crown like leaf was still caught in his dark hair .
she did n't hear the rattling firecrackers from town , or the wheeze of the steam - organ in green heart , or the mariachi band playing in the low market ; when a burning leaf rose and swirled past her hair , threatening to set it alight , she did n't seem to notice .
and one branch with an odd white leaf , an albino leaf .
and one branch with an odd white leaf , an albino leaf .
eddie started to sit , and then that strange albino leaf caught his eye again .
that 's no leaf , he thought , and walked over to it .
breath that smelled of leaf mold and the underneaths of things .
silas walked across the path without disturbing a fallen leaf , and sat down on the stone bench , beside bod .
i used the leaf of the oleander now and then , and oleander grew everywhere in california .
out of the corner of his eye newt saw it kick a tree , and then run a leaf through some complicated gadget on its belt .
in addition to which , every couple of months crowley would pick out a plant that was growing too slowly , or succumbing to leaf .. wilt or browning , or just did n't look quite as good as the others , and he would carry it around to all the other plants .
carved into the wood of the door , and painted with red and white and gold leaf , was an extraordinary angel .
she was still backed against the wall , still trembling gently , like a leaf in an autumn breeze .
but she was still , bethought herself a branch , a leaf , a twig .
that a ploughman 's turned out to be a rectangular slab of sharp - tasting cheese , a lettuce leaf , an undersized tomato with a thumbprint in it , a mound of something wet and brown that tasted like sour jam , and a small , hard , stale roll , came as a sad disappointment to ben , who had already decided that the british treated food as some kind of punishment .
he chewed the cheese and the lettuce leaf , and cursed every ploughman in england for choosing to dine upon such swill .
there were trees and boulders around the cliff face , and i walked quietly and gently from tree to tree without disturbing a twig or a fallen leaf .
a bloody leaf dripped off his forehead .
now he blew like a dry leaf in the solar wind , revolving like a cartwheel .
on the ground beside it , a glowing thread wormed toward a dead leaf , then expired in a gray wisp .
something had blown against the wire mesh , a leaf or scrap of paper .
but then the leaf moved , and he saw that it was n't a leaf at all but a butterfly .
but then the leaf moved , and he saw that it was n't a leaf at all but a butterfly .
stories are like spiders , with all they long legs , and stories are like spiderwebs , which man gets himself all tangled up in but which look so pretty when you see them under a leaf in the morning dew , and in the elegant way that they connect to one another , each to each .
he placed the spider down , carefully , on a jasmine leaf .
the thick foliage overhead kept us in welcome shadows and the scent of dirt and dew saturated the air .
he brushed past a low mass of foliage with petite blue flowers .
his vision cleared as his grandfather waved a twisted leaf under his nose .
with each wave , the swirls of colors were wiped away , as if erased by the passing of the leaf .
` ` notice the lack of leaf structure .
while glad to see the jungle begin to thin , he knew the lack of foliage also made him an easier target for the hunters .
an ornate prayer altar , adorned in silver and gold leaf , stood in the corner , while underfoot , an elaborate woven alpaca rug cushioned henry 's steps as he entered .
maggie willed the bird to remain quiet and crept to the foliage 's edge .
she flew through the foliage and over the wall in a heartbeat .
pale forms burst through the jungle foliage , ripping away clinging vines .
crouching , sam picked a path through the foliage .
just as he was fingering away a splayed leaf of a jungle fern , a familiar voice reached him .
sam pulled back the leaf to view the open meadow beyond .
she plucked a spinach leaf from her blouse and flung it away in disgust .
act one the mission curare family : menispermaceae genus : chondrodendron species : tomentosum common name : curare parts used : leaf , root properties / actions : diuretic , febrifuge , muscle relaxant , tonic , poison one snake oil august 6 , 10:11 a.m. amazon jungle , brazil the anaconda held the small indian girl wrapped in its heavy coils , dragging her toward the river .
he pushed through a fringe of dense foliage and spotted the snake and girl .
ahead , a break in the foliage opened a view upon sao gabriel .
he tried to see through the dense foliage .
women and older men lay sprawled in hammocks under the banana leaf roof , while the younger men , the huyas , bore spears and bows , ensuring nathan did not try to flee .
as they continued along , nate stared out at the walls of dense foliage that framed both banks .
he had been trained to run the forest paths without disturbing a single leaf .
others joined it , flying high over the bank to disappear into the riverside foliage .
through the hellish red glow , a scorched hole in the forest was evident , every tree stripped of leaf and branch .
probably just a wet leaf fluttering in the sunlight .
as the cloud passed overhead , the lower edges of the swarm rattled the leafy foliage .
a large enough cloud of locusts can strip leaf , vegetable , and fruit from a spot in mere minutes . ''
his eyes studied the foliage around him , no longer peering at the shadows , but fixed on the jungle itself .
but even these were well camouflaged with bark , vine , and leaf , making them difficult to discern .
his black hair was braided with bits of leaf and flower in it , adding to the natural camouflage .
` ` they 're derived from the yagga 's bark and leaf oils .
raindrops still clung to every leaf and blade , glistening like jewels .
a tiny twang was heard , as was the louder rip of arrow through leaf .
a dwelling in one of the huge trees blew apart , casting leaf and branch high into the air .
through a break in the foliage , kouwe spotted the small log cabin in the clearing .
the smells of the forest filled his head : moldy leaf rot , wet sand , some spicy - scented flower .
he crouched , expecting the foliage to shred around him , believing he 'd been spotted .
she had swaddled it in a banana leaf .
the entire street ahead looked overgrown and forgotten , densely forested with beech and birch , thick with broad - leaf bushes and tangles of wild roses .
mounds of leaf matter and broken deadfall obscured many of the rest .
yawning black pits began to open around them , half hidden by foliage or stripped over by vines , revealing collapsed or ransacked old tombs .
its surface was mostly obscured under a thick mat of leaf detritus and mulch , as if the earth were trying to swallow the tomb up .
but the violated crypt held nothing but ash and what appeared to be bits of dried leaf and stem .
she turned and studied the opulent room , draped in silk and decorated in gold leaf .
gold leaf decorated rails and masts .
gold leaf adorned most every surface .
the main room was opulent with gold leaf , embroidered furniture , and rich tapestries .
gold leaf brightened lintels , while carved stone dragons and mythic birds sneered and leered from roof corners .
a bloody smudge indicated where some choice tidbit had been dragged into the surrounding dense foliage .
the dense leafy foliage hid the sky .
gray was so focused on the path , that when he ducked under the heavy frond of a palm leaf he suddenly found himself staring at a guard only four yards away .
from her low vantage , fiona spotted gray , a white - jumpsuited gorilla scaling the underside of the walkway , half - hidden by the foliage .
the black stream had emptied into the sea , fringed by heavy leaf and vine .
a large crab , hidden under a fern leaf , swiped at his toe and cleaved clear through the plastic .
the entire construct spanned the lagoon like a meshed roof , an engineering marvel , artfully camouflaged with leaf , vine , and branch .
through a break in the foliage , he stared back toward the black water .
we also were urged to eat a bit of raw meat upon a palm leaf which upon closer sight and taste was some form of sweetbread .
to either side of the path , sentinels stood , half hidden by the dense foliage , but plainly in the open , wanting to be noted .
she heard stealthy noises in the forest around her : the slip of a wet leaf , the squelch of mud .
the storm blew them like a leaf in a gale .
the green foliage was already flamed in patches .
he dropped the crushed leaf .
7:07 p.m. seichan spun as waves tossed her about like a leaf in a flood .
she slipped to it without disturbing leaf or twig .
over the passing weeks , billy had watched the surrounding foliage slowly turn from shades of copper to fiery crimson .
kane slipped away , vanishing with the barest rustle of leaf .
the way some plants advertised their poisons by bright foliage , the security center advertised its impregnability .
an old woman in a hijab scurried away before them like a leaf driven before a storm .
the elegance and functionality of the structure lay out before him , as beautiful and simple and effective as a leaf or a root cluster .
the bit of stem and leaf were both black .
from under a leaf , diaphanous wings spread to the width of an open hand .
the leaf fluttered free of its hold on the stem , revealing its clever bit of mimicry .
they ' ve lived in these forests for thousands of years , as much a part of nature here as any leaf , flower , or burrowing snake .
bright daylight flooded the dimly lit tunnel , accompanied by a sweet melange of scents undercut with the familiar muskiness of loam and rotted leaf .
the ant landed on a wide leaf of a bromeliad and scrambled along its length .
then from a pore in the leaf , a glistening bubble erupted , enveloping the ant in a thick gelatinous sap .
after that , the jelly bubble quickly liquefied , trickling down the inside of the leaf to feed the root ball at the base .
from its grasp , the megatherium launched something wrapped in a leaf .
as it flew , the leaf fluttered open and fell away .
he turned to look into the ornamental foliage at his side .
so why , aside from the oak leaf fragments in her hair , was she otherwise clean ?
the foliage surrounding him was orange .
he 'd been awake now for three or four hours and there had n't been so much as the sound of a leaf twittering in the surrounding forest .
newel chortled , eying the surrounding foliage suspiciously .
their layered gowns reminded kendra of springtime foliage shimmering with dew .
the golem trampled a path through the lush , spring foliage , tearing branches aside and bulldozing through shrubbery .
although vegetation congested the way , the golem did an expert job of shielding seth as they plunged through dense foliage .
ahead , at the far side of a clearing , kendra observed trees with foliage of remarkable colors .
kendra marveled at the variety and vibrancy of the leaf colors : fiery reds and oranges , deep blues and purples , electric yellows and greens .
despite their haste , seth did n't hear a single leaf rustle .
pushing her way through thick foliage , vanessa led the way in the direction the old sentinel had recommended .
the foliage at the edge of the swamp soon gave way to evergreens .
after centuries dwelling here , not even i can name all that lurks under sky , leaf , and stone at wyrmroost .
chapter one nipsies on a muggy august day , seth hurried along a faint path , eyes scanning the lush foliage to his left .
lush foliage , including numerous trees and ferns , thrived all around .
gradually , the fairy grew brighter , until she was beaming orange stripes onto the surrounding foliage .
on the other side several tall , graceful women stood conversing , dressed in flowing robes that reminded kendra of foliage .
` ` this day will be mourned until the end of leaf and stream . ''
removing a small leaf from the bag , tanu scraped the paste onto the leaf .
removing a small leaf from the bag , tanu scraped the paste onto the leaf .
he then dripped four drops from one of the bottles onto the leaf , added a single drop from a different bottle , and mixed the liquid into the paste with the tongue depressor .
eat the leaf ?
he sniffed the leaf , then popped it into his mouth .
tanu put another glop of beige paste on a leaf and mixed in drops from three bottles .
he gave the leaf to kendra , and she popped it into her mouth and chewed it up , sitting down on the carpet in the middle of the room .
the leaf was a little tricky to chew .
did she have a piece of the leaf caught in her teeth ?
when she investigatedmore closely , she found it was impassable - the foliage was too dense .
still , enough light was apparently filtering through the clouds to illuminate the night , for although the clearing was gloomy , she could make out the contours of the lawn and the latticework of the gazebos and the foliage on the island in the middle of the pond .
chapter one kendra stared out the side window of the suv , watching foliage blur past .
hummingbirds darted among the foliage , wings nearly invisible as they hovered .
seth listened as it pushed through foliage away from the trail .
sprawled on his belly , a cut on one hand , dirt in his mouth , he heard something rustling through the foliage behind him , and a strange sound that was either laughter or running water .
a soft breeze ruffled the foliage .
with little cover surrounding the well , she worried that unseen eyes might be spying from the foliage below .
from the far side of the hill , kendra heard foliage rustling and branches crunching .
grandma stopped , studying the foliage off to either side of the road .
kaladin found it hard to move without stepping on bones entwined in the accumulated foliage on the chasm floor .
syl had carried a leaf once .
shallan said , showing him the leaf .
` ` i know , '' shallan said , waiting as the foliage returned , then sketching it .
the woman picked her way through the foliage , which shied away from her .
by the time they approached the king 's conference chamber near the top , wood trim framed the stone walls , with silver and gold leaf worked into the carvings .
` ` ' a problem , ' the messenger says , ' as trees without foliage are hardly worth keeping .
then he turned toward the crack and puffed , blowing a dart into the foliage .
` ` i ' m beginning to wonder if tyn really is sick , '' mraize said , raising the blowgun and shooting another dart into the foliage .
he blinked as he made out something glowing in the air , drifting down , like a leaf .
this meant that i was separated from zen by the squat wall of densely packed foliage .
a slender golden leaf fluttered into his lap and he picked it up , twirling it between his fingers .
he jerked forward , nearly crushing the leaf in his fist .
for my part , i spent an hour observing a tiny red - and - green tree frog on the back of a broad , thick leaf and another hour following the path of an iridescent black damselfly that should not have been found at sea level .
hints of gold leaf and mosaic .
it feels light as a leaf , but is very strong .
trees lined the sidewalk , but not a leaf on them .
through the massive , worm - riddled double doors , gold leaf long since peeled off and sold .
{ i did think about putting you in sybel 's care - having him take you to live with the nimblytod tribes amid the thick foliage of tall trees .
it had lodged on the doorstep , caught in a crack in the wood , as if it were an errant leaf .
there wo n't be a berry or a leaf left - not even the ones that sustain you .
once again they moved back into the forest about a quarter of a mile , and set up for the night in a narrow ravine where an overhanging bank and the thick foliage would conceal the light from their small cooking fire .
i have n't seen a stick or a twig or even a dry leaf around here , so a fire 's sort of out of the question .
the maple tree had large leaves and the boy was falling down through the limbs and was thus totally obscured by the foliage .
then he emerged from the lower foliage , falling limply to land with a thud on the grass under the tree with mmrr still loosely held in one hand .
' thou couldst not so much as move a leaf , anakha , ' bhelliom told him .
then the rotting corpse toppled slowly forward to lie motionless on the leaf - strewn floor of the forest - motionless , but still dissolving as xanetia 's curse continued its inexorable course .
because they could not hew limbs from live trees in this sacred wood , they were obliged to make shelters as best they could with what they found lying on the leaf - strewn forest floor , and their fire was of necessity very small .
once , several hours past dusk on a night filled with starlight , garion awoke briefly and heard the loping touch of paws skittering lightly across a leaf carpeted clearing ; even as he drifted back to sleep , he understood .
two days later , relg arrived from ulgoland with the contingent of his leaf mailed countrymen sent by the gorim .
relg , his cowled leaf mail shirt covering his head and shoulders like lizard skin , climbed down from the lead wagon and only perfunctorily answered the greetings of barak and mandorallen .
he was wearing his cowled leaf mail shirt and was carefully testing the edge of his hook - pointed knife .
with great care , she removed a single dark , oily - looking green leaf .
aunt pol pulled down her father 's lower lip , reached inside his mouth with the shiny leaf , and lightly brushed his tongue with it , once and once only .
she pulled back sharply and held the leaf out of the way while mandorallen and barak jumped in to hold down belgarath 's convulsing body .
durnik handed her one , and she deposited the leaf and the tongs in it .
then , with great care , she took off the gauntlet and laid it atop the leaf .
ce'nedra , who had gone to the spring to wash her face , lifted a leaf thin shard from the water and stared at it .
the air seemed drier , and the hillsides were covered with high , yellow grass.they passed through an area where the leaves on the scattered bushes were bright red ; then , as they moved lower , the foliage turned first yellow , then green again .
no trees or foliage grow in our sunless world , but i know a cave wall where vines of pure gold twist in ropey coils down from the ceiling and spill out across the floor . ''
he was wearing a peculiarly fashioned shirt of leaf mail , a strange garment formed of overlapping metal scales , belted at the waist and with a snug - fitting hood that left only his face exposed .
the faint metallic rustling of his leaf mail shirt spoke loudly for him .
his pale face and huge , dark eyes , framed by the hood of his leaf mail shirt , contorted in the tumult of his emotions .
as they emerged on the far side of the river , garion looked around , trying to see some difference in terrain or foliage which might distinguish arendia from tolnedra , but there seemed to be none .
the moonlight filtered in among the trees and dappled the leaf strewn ground .
tentatively garion felt a faint touch on his mind , almost like the soft brush of a leaf against his face .
the terrible force of that word shook garion like a leaf in the wind .
i snuck a peek out of one eye and saw that he was looking off in the distance , twirling a leaf in his hands .
peter started tearing the leaf into pieces .
and they put the leaf in one basket or another to cast their votes .
` ` everyone find a leaf , '' ordered kowi .
put your leaf in the basket representing the way you want to go .
` ` push your leaf into a crack in the basket . ''
` ` yep , '' i said , smiling as she pushed her leaf through the bottom of the round basket .
she picked up a nearby leaf and used it to trace patterns onto the floor , not meeting my eyes .
i looked through the leaves , but much of my view was blocked by the thick foliage .
i held his hand for support because he was shaking like a leaf on a tree , and i knew what he was going to tell them .
he reached out to pet him , his hand trembling like a leaf .
` ` my mother was godswife before me , and taught me all the songs and spells most pleasing to the great shepherd , and how to make the sacred smokes and ointments from leaf and root and berry .
today he made quite the dashing figure , with his white silk cloak fastened at the shoulder by a golden leaf , and a spreading oak tree worked upon the breast of his tunic in shining gold thread .
by day they followed game trails and streambeds , the ` ` ranger 's roads '' that led them ever deeper into the wilderness of leaf and root .
the air was rich with the smells of earth and leaf .
the sounds of man and horse diminished , swallowed up by the wet green wild , and soon enough he could hear only the steady wash of rain against leaf and tree and rock .
the pale pink light of dawn sparkled on branch and leaf and stone .
shaggydog was the first to flee , slinking back into the foliage with a final snarl .
the trees stood beneath him , warriors armored in bark and leaf , deployed in their silent ranks awaiting the command to storm the hill .
the oakheart leaf and the rowan tree have been seen north of the mander . ''
he sprang away from the wall loped off beneath the trees , the shadows of branch and leaf dappling his grey fur ... and then he turned and raced back in a rush .
the banners must have been bright , the golden rose and golden lion and all the others , the marbrand tree and the rowan , tarly 's huntsman and redwyne 's grapes and lady oakheart 's leaf .
for a long moment there was no sound but the wind and the water and the creak of leaf and limb .
these woods belonged to them , the snowy slopes and stony hills , the great green pines and the golden leaf oaks , the rushing streams and blue lakes fringed with fingers of white frost .
sam had been backing away by then , shaking like the last leaf on the tree when the wind kicks up , as much from cold as from fear .
when he tossed the leech into the fire , it curled up like an autumn leaf amidst the coals , and burned .
` ` he must have found that bastard under a cabbage leaf , then , '' gendry said behind them .
jocelyn was trembling like a leaf , as frightened as senelle .
as easy to find one leaf in the wind as one girl lost in westeros .
when brienne peered more closely , she saw creatures in the foliage : a sly red fox , two sparrows on a branch , and behind those leaves the shadow of a boar .
the nights grow colder , and a little foliage helps to keep your face warm .
brienne spied axes , arrows , several salmon , a pine tree , an oak leaf , beetles , bantams , a boar 's head , half a dozen tridents .
within his cage , he fluttered like a burning leaf , a moth caught in a candle flame .
he fell to his knees , trembling like a leaf in a winter storm , tears streaming down his ravaged cheeks .
bran and meera made up names for those who sang the song of earth : ash and leaf and scales , black knife and snowylocks and coals .
their true names were too long for human tongues , said leaf .
` ` most of him has gone into the tree , '' explained the singer meera called leaf .
the lord 's words were accompanied by a faint rustling of wood and leaf , a slight twisting of his head .
when they died , they went into the wood , into leaf and limb and root , and the trees remembered .
` ` men should not go wandering in this place , '' leaf warned them .
though the men of the seven kingdoms might call them the children of the forest , leaf and her people were far from childlike .
bran asked leaf , once .
one day meera and jojen decided to go see the river , despite leaf 's cautions .
lord brynden drew his life from the tree , leaf told them .
` ` the trees will teach him , '' said leaf .
` ` you must eat of this , '' said leaf .
` ` no , '' said leaf .
a leaf drifted down from above , brushed his brow , and landed in the pool .
` ` for a thousand years it has not shown a leaf .
she was shaking like a leaf when they pulled her to her feet .
` ` the peace that we worked so hard to forge flutters like a leaf in an autumn wind .
* * * ` ` i like the silver foliage .
the candlelight reflected from the windows , from the gold sunburst reliefs , from the gold leaf of the wall carvings and the inlays on the furniture .
wax or paint or new gold leaf shone from every surface .
even his holiness looked politely away , asking yves about some nearby bird or leaf or insect .
there 's still no drone of machinery or engines from anywhere , but he notices for the first time that there 's no buzz of insects either , no calls of birds , not even any wind through the foliage .
it 's filtering through some trees , through what should be - if the wall continues through the foliage - solid brick .
says the cassor and starts slowly walking off into the swamp , as if we 're no longer even as interesting as a leaf .
i say , my eyes still on the spackle on the ground , my noise shaky as a leaf about to fall .
and so they show me the way to the sky as i move through them up the road and i feel like a leaf floating on the river , above it , on it .
i am at the front of the guard now , the source still with me , ahead of the first of our soldiers , their fires lit and ready to be shot , and behind them- behind them the entire voice of the land- quickening its stride- nearly there , i show to the source , as we pass through a deserted clearing farm swamped by receding waters and on up through a dense forest- we march through it , faster , faster still- the voices of the clearing hear us coming now , hear our voice , hear our innumerable voice bearing down on them , hear the battlehorn blown again- and we march onto a small flat of land and up through another rise- and i burst through a wall of foliage , acid rifle raised- and i am the sky- i am the sky- leading the land into its greatest battle with the clearing- the fog is thick and i seek out the clearing in the whiteness , preparing my weapon for its first firing and ordering the soldiers to raise their burning bolts and ready them to fire- to purge the clearing from the world once and for all- and then a single man from the clearing emerges .
he found a cottonwood downed recently by beaver , its leaf - covered branches creating a giant web of obstacles and hiding places .
some are smaller than a ziploc , while others are as big as a hefty lawn and leaf bag .
it 's like an oak leaf made out of steak .
then he took out a betel leaf and put some crushed betel nuts along with some spiced chewing tobacco and put it in his mouth .
and with a wave of his wand he set the forest in flames : the green forest turned into autumnal foliage of orange , yellow , brown and reddish colors .
hurry , grab all the food , we have to go , josh said , scrambling to put all the food the mermaids had left them in a leaf like sack .
velondra grabbed as much as she could fit in the small leaf like bag and followed josh off the boat .
later , if she added other foliage , they would make a nice dried floral bouquet .
some can do no more than sap the energy from a fresh leaf and use it keep their own fingernails from turning yellow .
a dead leaf brushed against her pinky finger ; she pressed down on its surface and heard the sharp crackle as it broke into smaller flakes .
haven flipped over a fallen leaf with the toe of her shoe .
becky stands off by herself , shaking like a leaf caught in a sandstorm .
set back about a mile from the road and completely surrounded by tall thick foliage , it was the perfect hiding place for their coven .
we walked through the thick foliage , devin a step ahead of me at all times , holding back branches to clear the way for me .
he slowed down as we approached a small stone cottage , almost completely hidden by thick foliage .
the familiar plummeting sensation tugged at his paws , and he could feel himself dropturning over and over in the air like a dead leaf , feeling as though his insides were being pulled downward .
it looked as though someone had grasped it in an iron fist and wrung it like a wet leaf .
never , never never going to see them his voice dwindled into sobs and he shuddered against her like a leaf in the wind .
it felt like ages since he had last eaten , and he felt as though he might blow away on the wind like a dead leaf if he did nt eat soon .
the stags large , brown eyes rolled up at him , and it shuddered like a leaf in the wind .
of course , i understand why you want to fight , she muttered without looking up , scraping the green poultice onto an oak leaf .
palva gathered up the leaf bundle in her jaws and padded over to tirs side , laying her herbs in the grass and beginning to examine his cuts and bruises .
go find nerasa , he growled , sniffing a dead leaf at his paws .
she scraped the herbs onto a flat leaf .
xelind shuddered , like a dead leaf , and his pupils shrank to the size of a pin .
pine smelling green foliage and lovely wildflowers tickle my bee_hind rappelling to the bottom of mountain for the worlds steepest mountain incline .
taffy glances behind her shoulder upon seeing that bat assists jellico over rough and high foliage as wolf keeps up with swift - legged atoka running ahead of the other bandits as she darts right around the clump of twisted oak trees then disappears .
taffy carefully trots under the overstory 93 % crown canopy of the combination of maple tree branches and oak tree leafy foliage which beautifully interlock and block totally the bright hot sunshine then safety dumps her body into an open clearing of low thorny green shrub layers of wild berry fruit consisting of perfectly rounded blueberries , and pretty oval - shaped red and black raspberries which are used for sweet jams , jelly preserves , and other rich flavored food products on mamas buttered homemade biscuits .
she examines the empty wood platform , bleeding on the covered ground the color of light purple , narrowing her eyelashes , and leans her nose into the honeysuckle leaf , recalling that the berry leaves are nt purple , only mint green .
she draws using the dead yellowish leaf a funky picture of a straight pin knife - like art inside the anterior of her right arm , and mentally performs the think object : flash blade .
she searches for protection within the thicker natural green leaf brushes and bushes for camouflage , and does nt want to be exposed in open clearing without rusk , deciding to explore the new area , hiding her body and sucking on the sweet juices of honeyberries for strength and energy while she watches for her hero rusk .
my prettily playground is behind daddys house , and hides , cute - like inside the 98 % over story shaded and cool - feeling leaf canopy of a set of bundled 150 year - old oak trees .
the protective solar shielding burns the weeds as soon as the plants foliage hits the heated and hot surface , not the underground root system .
there are dead trees , dead brown bushes , and dead foliage on my right along a dry narrow vehicle path in the middle of a brown planet .
the burnt foliage still lingers from the continuous burning trash piles of garbage from damaged buildings , ships , furniture , bots , and bodies ( yeah , flesh , too ) .
i see a series of tall mountains on my left with dead trees , dead brown bushes , and dead foliage on my right and a dry narrow vehicle path in the middle of a brown planet .
i smash a red button with my right palm as a series of shooting sprays of maser fire send lots of red waves , hitting direct hits into the big warships side hull , burning like a tiny tea leaf hole into the silver metal like a ladybug bite .
i see mountains on the left and a series of dead but slightly alive green trees , bushes , and foliage on the right with a dry crooked narrow vehicle path in the middle of a dead brown planet as my tele sense ping .
at the top of track as me and the cart emerge first in the vertical line over the metal hilltop i see everything including every small ant - sized citizen walking around the carnival grounds tot he tea leaf tiny - shaped plants with my t - view of teleclairvoyancekinda likeviewing a funky random parade of tiny ants crawling over green and brown dirt inside their glass house since the water ride railings are tall and high as i stretch my arms in a v pattern almost touching the heavens .
snow - capped mountains locates on my left with live trees , flowering bushes and green foliage on the right side of the downed ship as my eyeballs follow the crooked narrow vehicle path down the middle of brown planet as my tele senses ping .
topographic map looks like a deformed five pointed maple leaf with the bush - like tentacles of green extending into the deep blue .
tina gasps nosily noting the new addition of tillys wardrobe which are financial contributions of mella and drake as she eye burns the silver long - sleeved tee with scoop neck and jeweled sequined patterns of flowers in the center along the leaf petals outlined in silver on tillys 36dd chest paired with the plain solid black denim skinny jeans on her long legs and a new pair of cowgirl boots covering her naked toes .
he picked up a leaf and crushed it in his hand , then let the broken pieces fall from his fingers .
the cryptos broke through the creeping foliage and came to a stop at the edge of a deep channel .
pushed back until he could go no farther , he faded into the surrounding foliage and disappeared .
mask appeared behind them , stepping out of the foliage like a ghost .
she took off and he followed , running through the overgrown foliage and wheezing with each step .
the native foliage threatened to reclaim this wing of the maze completely , busting through the fissured pavement like mutant tentacles and slowing their progress .
as handfuls of foliage fell around them on their walk to the diner , the four did their best to pull their minds out of their preoccupations and enjoy the scenery .
the once - verdant green of the trees foliage had browned and crumbled at dormers touch as he drained its life and transferred it to haven .
the trees were not infected , but some would dry out overnight , while their companions stood as green as ever with thick foliage and verdure .
from then on , the three witches gave the surviving tree the name lonely widower , for it had lost a lot of foliage and looked broken and depressed the way that only trees can look .
to brighten it up , the girls would spend hours sitting on its branches or lying down under its shadow , and in six months the great oak tree obtained its past might and bloomed with a vast amount of foliage .
polished silver decorated with curls of leaf , vine , and thorn along the hilt and blade .
it was ossen , striding through the swamp foliage , a beacon of white light above his head .
sickly white foliage hung limply here and there , diseased and dying .
i could only imagine the foliage of palms and oleander , vastly different from the pines and oak trees i had been catching glimpses of in my travels ; and now cactus in texas .
on each leaf was a series of markings like the ones arkon brought to mr . gumbles , along with a picture of a rat with some part drawn in a different color .
the foliage of the combined tree branched in all directions , coming to rest next to the zweigelan on the top left - hand portion of the map and stretching right to approach the top of the falls .
the green weapon spun away from them on its elliptical orbit , disappearing into the dense foliage southeast of the broken stump .
note the foliage .
the sun had risen high enough to permeate the dense foliage in the forest , scattering sun beams all across the camp .
lukas selected a leaf from the pile of items pulled from tristofers pockets .
he gently set the leaf into the bowl .
then he pulled a string from the silk bag , threaded it through the needle , and gently placed the needle on the leaf .
lukas watched as the leaf slowly rotated until the needle was pointing back the way they had come .
the trees and greenery below me look like never before , each leaf , each branch , each endless clover field jumps to life .
he found a nice sturdy tree to hide in with a few solid branches leading up higher to the top and lots of coverage from the foliage .
it had enough foliage for good cover he noticed , but not so much that it would block his view .
he figured it was so high up amongst the foliage that it would be very unlikely to be discovered .
sarah pointed the flir camera straight ahead , then took a few more steps into the foliage .
suddenly , an ape - like creature emerged from the foliage .
sarah blinked as every detail along the forests edge sharpened into focus : the feathery green of a fern , the uneven bark of a tree , even a tiny , six - legged insect scurrying across a red - veined leaf .
a branch broke amongst the foliage .
it created a lush canopy of thick foliage that extended for at least a mile .
after getting my only other change of clothes out of the tent , she led me to a spot by the creek that was secluded by heavy foliage .
samr raised a hand to catch a fallen leaf .
its golden fur glitters here and there as sunlight penetrating the foliage strikes the lion from time to time .
hallthor says staring at the foliage .
deep shadows stretch past the foliage , the seat - belt sensor dings in the solemn silence .
he was at least three steps behind me when we crashed through the thick foliage , our feet sinking into the spongy soil , and one of my shoes almost ripped off .
trees branched out from our sides , lining the shimmering sight with dark green foliage .
when they attack others for no good reason , they ll use any handy fig leaf to cover their intentions , or make up a lie out of whole cloth .
in the dim light she looked at the dime size , pointed leaf shape brown spot that had captivated her since she can remember .
it looked like she had caught the leaf falling from a tree right in the center of her palm where it had fossilized just like in ancient rocks .
she looked at her list and found quickly a white oak leaf , soft maple that was nt as colorful as the sugar maples and an ash leaf .
she looked at her list and found quickly a white oak leaf , soft maple that was nt as colorful as the sugar maples and an ash leaf .
stopping , she looked around and found a tree she had nt pulled a leaf from .
it was in the outline of a leaf from a silverthorn tree ; the first tree made by magic and sacred to all fae .
she probably just hit her head when she was trying to get a leaf from a tree .
it was a beautiful place of lush green foliage , beaches of white sands untouched by anyone .
lights flashed around her and her body felt light as a leaf blowing mercifully at the wind .
claire i started to say when a tiny leaf floated gracefully between us .
claire read aloud the glowing words that burned gold on the leaf before it faded and the leaf curled crumbling into powder .
claire read aloud the glowing words that burned gold on the leaf before it faded and the leaf curled crumbling into powder .
he pulled out a small leather pouch and put the bits of the leaf inside .
they were wrapped in a large palm leaf .
poking out from beneath the foliage a black sign with red lettering read , the miners inn .
_ _ _ i m almost ready , and i made your favorite dish : spiced deer , muera said as she put some mint leaf garnish on the food .
those that remained , he wrapped in a large leaf to save for the next day .
the trees were smaller : mainly palms , the only species capable of rooting into the thin topsoil and leaf mold covering the volcanic rock and coral so close to shore .
she had barely reached the thick foliage beside the shore when she saw kreh - ursh , standing before her on the rocks , peering into the jungle gloom .
turning to check where he was , she saw him just within the foliage line , watching the lesser dragon .
from the long , hilly road , i take the last turn on vine lane , rolling the bike under the usual dense foliage of trees .
the garden has thick hedges , and a long parallel line of dwarf conifers set amongst colorful foliage of flowers .
on it , sits carved wooden bowls carrying steaming hot water , with one leaf that s similar to basil .
the rustic silver ring is crafted with a leaf patterned band .
you go on down main street until you get to the green leaf bookstore .
chapter six the green leaf bookstore was nt far from the diner and i stopped in front of it , looking at the window display .
my heart still pounding hard , i wiped off the extra goop with a giant maroon leaf , pushing the giant creepy - crawly to the back of my mind .
i ran after mike , twigs and branches snapping under my feet as i trailed through the tropical foliage .
his eyes found mine one last time as the children screamed behind us and the others scrambled off into the foliage looking for cover to fire from .
gently , hal sat her down on the leaf strewn turf and leaned her up against a barren highoak tree .
the man began to choke and gurgle in his death throes then dropped to the leaf strewn ground in a heap as the keltoi tore away from him , leaving a bloody gash where the man 's throat had been .
it had to have been the fascinating glow of the foliage and trees throughout the forest , or maybe it was how much lighter the air felt here ; whatever the reason , reece did nt feel as tense as she had been .
she watched in amazement as this forest became denser , and the plant life began to mysteriously glow ; as the foliage in the forest of red - leaved trees had .
zion national park was just visible off in the distance and it had its share of foliage as well , but between here and there was little more than rocks , dust , and dying plant life .
occasionally there was the crack of broken branches or the shush of disturbed foliage .
there were insects , things with stings , there was rustling in the foliage , and there was a giant bird .
danny looked up and the view was almost serene , the moonlight was just barely breaking through the foliage high above him bathing everything in an iridescent glow as the leaves and bushes swayed slightly from the cold night breeze , in the distance he could now hear the river cutting through the land but otherwise the forest was silent .
rawley asked , looking around the foliage , after harlow and enders returned .
* ~*~ * the sound of feet pounding on the dirt floor , legs burning with every jump , hop , and skip over foliage that littered itself on the soil beneath , seemed to echo loudly throughout the trees .
the trees seemed to become a blur as she rushed past all the foliage in the forest .
branches and leaves crunched under her feet , and her body weaved through wooden oak trees as she dodged random foliage from clinging to her .
... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . ninety - seven , ninety - eight , ninety - nine , i counted each leaf as it crunched beneath my little pink boots as we strolled the bike path that evening .
it was a small , dark green leaf .
an olive leaf .
he tore a leaf from the low - hanging branch of a tree and twirled it between his fingers .
throwing the leaf on the ground , he examined her , like he was trying to decipher what she was really getting at .
moving as fast as her legs could go , she tried to remain quiet while running over the dry - leaf flooring of the forest .
aunt maya walked quietly over the dry leaf flooring of the forest .
what does a leaf and snow have in common ?
mason was standing with his back against the building , shaking like a leaf while a bear was slowly approaching , thinking he d found his next meal .
i see mountains on the left and a series of live green trees , bushes , and foliage on the right with a dry crooked narrow vehicle path in the middle of a dead brown planet as my tele sense ping .
i m lucky he weighs little more than a dried leaf .
in this part of town , the boundary between civilization and wilderness blurred as foliage grew unchecked in the streets and among the rubble .
then , as i rode the sea like a leaf rides the wind , another jellyfish drifted up to me .
jack had once compared her movements to an autumn leaf in the wind ; one moment it is there , and the next it is carried off to someplace else .
apparently a few survivors had dragged themselves off into the relative safety of the dense foliage .
hell get over it , faye said , picking at a leaf off a nearby bush and flicking it between her fingers .
nah , its just a leaf , i said , removing what had caught in a lock of his hair .
i dropped the leaf to the ground , then looked up to see jack staring at me with a .
she wedged herself into the dense foliage at the top of the cliff , thankful to have shade , as the sun was at high noon and bearing down hot .
the words seemed to echo in the forest for some time , reverberating off every leaf .
each sound from an animal or rustle of a leaf brightened her mood slightly .
when you grow foliage with your powers , using the earth element , its only normal .
a leaf broke off and twirled through the air until it stuck itself in her hair .
if she likes that park then its very likely well find her around a place with foliage and trees .
the dog was barking frantically as she pulled the officer into the foliage .
on your right side are leaf and blade ; they come from concord three .
he is a leaf , as in from a tree , and i am a blade , as in a blade of grass .
actually , he could nt , leaf smiled .
i never stood a chance at subterfuge , there is nt much chance of coming upon a tough and treacherous leaf .
shaking like a leaf , i know i am unable to prevent what s inevitable .
it could glide around me and lift me from the ground like a leaf caught in the window , placing me on a cloud to take me away .
i am shaking like a leaf , but it is nt me .
she was shakin like a leaf every time i took her there .
open it up so that i can sprinkle the charms he said as he used a banana leaf to mix the liquid in the calabash .
his laugh was nice and easy , and i noticed that his eyes were a beautiful leaf green .
lizzie asked , glancing back over her shoulder to where he had looked , but seeing nothing more than the dense mississippi foliage .
with the power of the spear she looked into the darkness , seeing everything with supernatural clarityevery green leaf , every twig , every dry brown pine needle on the ground .
it was a leaf .
she pointed to the huge , round shape resting in the shadows of an old leaf pile in the corner and i suddenly understood .
all i had to do was perch there on the knob as it practically turned itself and watch in amazement as the door slowly swung open as effortlessly as a leaf blown along on a fall day .
with every leaf that falls from the oak i feel the end getting ever closer .
but the crow had not lied because there were many thin patches in what was visible of the massive tree 's foliage .
it was flitting around the windshield wipers of her car , poking at a leaf that had gotten stuck .
she watched the fairy use the spike at the bottom of its wing to stab the leaf and drag it out from under the windshield wiper .
the fairy grabbed the leaf off of its wing and opened it up to look at the inside of it .
it tilted the leaf one way , then another , studying it carefully .
then it threw the leaf aside and leapt into the air , its wings snapping open to catch the slight afternoon breeze .
emma thought about the way the fairy had been analyzing the leaf like it was some sort of message until she realized that she was thinking about it like it had been a real thing .
something rustled in the foliage .
i was shaking like an autumn leaf when jerro arrived the following day .
his collar had two red rectangles sticking out under his fat chin , each covered in golden leaf patterns .
i met some other young men last night , henri explained , blinking down at the dewy foliage he was sat on , they re going to escape from the city and travel north into the mountains .
instead of leaning on the trunk i lay flat amongst the foliage and grass , looking up into the colours of the branches overhead .
he landed softly amongst deep leaf litter .
a random leaf blew away from the gully every few seconds .
they understood they needed to search someplace that sounded a lot like the forest of giants based upon the reference to a leaf .
the edges of the forest were light with the morning sun , and even though no fog could penetrate the thick foliage , the dense canopy made it very dark and hard to see past a few steps .
the thick foliage had kept the ground dry from the torrential rains of the days before .
as he stood at the end of the driveway the sun filtered through the oaks and pines and illuminated every leaf that was still left .
a seeming wall of foliage faced me , appearing daunting until i finally detected a break in the leaves .
there were several leaves lying fallen on the ground , and i used one to wrap the mushes in a broad leaf before tying the bundle around my waist with a length of vine .
i continued moving along the wall of spiny foliage for several more moments .
he was not going very fast , but on his flanks specks of foam began to appear and at times he would tremble like a leaf .
round and round i love every flower , every bird , every bee and everything surrounding you and me be the night around me when the stars fall down we 'll watch as the heavens turn round and round watch as they turn around round , round , and round watch as they turn around i love every bower , every leaf , every tree and everything surrounding you and me be the world around me when the leaves fall down we 'll watch as the seasons turn round and round watch as they turn around round round and round watch as they turn around be the star encircling all my joy on painted wings sail horizon bound with me let our love forever be let it all go round and round i love every hour , every star , every sea and everything surrounding you and me be the wind around me when the rain falls down we 'll watch as the storm turns round and round watch as they turn around she wants to come home , rhapsody whispered to capella through her tears .
this whole world was cast in a variety of greens : lime , jade , emerald , olive each individual leaf or blade of grass seemed to be shaded in a color entirely its own .
the doors were so highly polished that i could see my own surprised reflection in its gleaming black paneling , which was embellished with gold leaf fleur - de - lis .
all i saw was you fighting , then the orb , and then the bright light before i was blown a mile away like a leaf !
a leaf of pale gold fluttered on the branch and started to fall gently toward the ground .
a chipmunk rushed past the leaf and stuffed a nut into his mouth , so he could carry it off to his store in a tree trunk .
through the overgrown front garden and leafy foliage climbing over keyton grove manors wall , he could see miss .
then the woman holding his hand , the woman in the gold and white leaf eye mask must be leah .
and from one leaf to another , it slid down the towering tree without splattering , until it fell into a lake , where it joined its mates , and it was saved .
am i a drifting leaf on the wind ?
in there , on the glowing leaf of elenthe plant that rises from unknown seedselen dew is born .
i floated down to the forest floor as softly as an autumn leaf .
come visit the experts on rare and unique foliage .
as she walked past the tree , rose pulled off a leaf and tucked it into her handbag .
the man picked up the leaf and examined it carefully .
their foliage is more stunning and hearty than anything humans have ever seen .
twice , no , three times she had to race out to the garden to harvest an herb , a leaf or a root from another plant .
millsner stood shaking like a leaf , he did nt believe the wyvern and held his measly dagger in a pointless display of self - defense .
the survivors marched silently behind the crimson saint and his massive gold wyvern as the lush green foliage started to slowly transition into rolling hills of white sugar sand and the sun began to set in the west .
soon , outlaws from throughout terrynmen rode their griff motorbikes through the stunted foliage of the surrounding wasteland , to enter the city for its growing reputation of sinful pleasures and illegal dealings .
no matter which way they turned , they had to maneuver through the foliage , and it was nt fun at all .
she parted the foliage in front of her and her eyes instantly fixated on a small bonfire dancing in the darkness several yards away .
after what seemed like forever , willow finally dozed off willow shivered , the feel of spindly foliage scratching at her legs and arms .
greenery and foliage wrapped around the pillars .
a yellow leaf dropped down from the tree close to earl , so he glanced up and caught a glimpse of a black cloak .
asthey traveled they caught glimpses of other animals in the foliage .
the sound of the river grew louderand mathen started to get glimpses of it throughthe dense foliage .
not this year on this campus , when a monster would move among the fine fall foliage that made this place a picture - postcard of everything that is great and good about american colleges .
i moved through it like an autumn leaf in the current .
even the plants of all shapes and colors were no comfort ; who knew when the leshy , the keeper of the trees , might stride through their foliage .
in the midst of the lush foliage , it was impossible to see how far the jungle room stretched .
oh , i started , i m just here for the foliage .
there was nt one leaf out of place and all the plants looked strangely big .
he spread a berry on top of an arrow - shaped leaf , cracked one of the nuts and blew into the end of it until a thick substance oozed out .
alistair held the leaf over the fire for a second ( just long enough to get it warm ) and handed it to daniel .
he was very thin , as light as a leaf , loora thought .
` ` time sweeps on , '' he sang as he swept , ` ` through every leaf and twig and branch and limb , time runs through us all from morning 's shine to twilight 's dim , there 's nothing on thra that does n't change with time -- me or you , '' he sang , ` ` her and him , time sweeps all of us on . ''
brushing his pile of leaves and dust and forest mud out the door successfully , he observed the nice view out the front door , the clean and leaf - free front hall , nodded , sighed , and sat crosslegged in front of the closed door to meditate .
cory glared at the leaf pile he 'd just swept outside the door and kicked it , irritated .
the slope transformed from dry and leafy to moist and rainforested the deeper he slid , and he skipped through streams of spraying waterfalls and into ferny plants he 'd never seen before , flew past burls of golden - trunked trees whose bark let off a filmy light , into a low stratum of fog that made thra wet and white , emerging upon a deep valley and shooting over a short cliff where he managed to get himself facing right - side - up before skidding into open space , free falling at high speed over the open vale , a thousand green leaves covering the sky , landing on a leaf so wide that houses could be built out of it , ships folded from its lance - tipped green shape .
he tried standing , but the leaf was bending on its stem from his weight and -- oh no it was going down -- he slid down the central vein and fell onto another leaf , which tipped as well , again and again , a cascade of leaves , each larger than the last , until they were wide enough to fit aughra 's entire observatory but so sensitive that they folded at his miniscule weight and he fell , and fell , and there was the ground coming closer , and he was going to -- no , this leaf did n't fold , it held his weight , bowing and springy , and he sat uncertainly and was , at last , at rest .
he tried standing , but the leaf was bending on its stem from his weight and -- oh no it was going down -- he slid down the central vein and fell onto another leaf , which tipped as well , again and again , a cascade of leaves , each larger than the last , until they were wide enough to fit aughra 's entire observatory but so sensitive that they folded at his miniscule weight and he fell , and fell , and there was the ground coming closer , and he was going to -- no , this leaf did n't fold , it held his weight , bowing and springy , and he sat uncertainly and was , at last , at rest .
he tried standing , but the leaf was bending on its stem from his weight and -- oh no it was going down -- he slid down the central vein and fell onto another leaf , which tipped as well , again and again , a cascade of leaves , each larger than the last , until they were wide enough to fit aughra 's entire observatory but so sensitive that they folded at his miniscule weight and he fell , and fell , and there was the ground coming closer , and he was going to -- no , this leaf did n't fold , it held his weight , bowing and springy , and he sat uncertainly and was , at last , at rest .
the leaf bounced as he tried to rise , and he flinched as he lost his footing , expecting to fall again .
* * * his goal now was to avoid ripping the leaf off .
no good chancing a walk to the tip of the leaf .
edging closer , he could feel the thin leaf stem bouncing as he leapt -- a thousand camouflaged brown tendrils sprang from the trunk and grabbed him .
two bulging cherry trees , thick with foliage , formed an impenetrable barrier of green and shielded the front porch from unwanted spectators .
he pulled the foliage back as he had done before .
the dense foliage hid the corner house on the adjacent street from view , so it was hard to tell how close the voices were .
aside from the morning paper in the lawn and small variations of foliage caused by the steadily increasing wind , nothing had changed .
even the blissful sanctuary of his early - morning jogs rapidly deteriorated into thoughts of fade and angry foliage seeking payback .
huge mirrors , with elaborate gold leaf frames , reflect the light , enhancing it , multiplying it .
orey put another leaf in his mouth .
laiden rolled the mint leaf around his tongue ; he could smell its flavor .
someone had crushed a leaf and was waving it in front of her face .
he wanted to insert himself into the conversation , so he picked a leaf out of the bag and handed it to dethina .
she took a few moments to examine the dry leaf .
other books by l. chritina kaelah leaf hopper angry hands talon ( summer 2014 ) wyreths flame by meredith mansfield copyright 2014 meredith .
large trees with man - sized leaves stood like sentinels along the path , faint glimpses of colorful wings moving in and out of the foliage .
elspeth reached the tree line , her small arms tugging a man - sized leaf from a tree before lugging it back toward us , her cheeks flushed from the exertion .
my palms covered my mouth , closing in my horrendous laughter as elspeth propped the leaf up in the grass , sweat glistening on her nose .
the leaf !
burn the leaf !
the dragons circled the large green foliage , their murmurs drifting on the wind .
the dragons chose that moment to exhale , flames darting from their small mouths , blue fire growing to envelope the leaf .
there was nothing left of the leaf .
eyes peered at us from the foliage .
there was the faint sound of twigs snapping and foliage shifting as the bullygogs melded into the forest , their own fear driving them away .
in my sketch , he d been peeking at the castle from beneath a fallen leaf .
foster pushed a leaf out of the way and held it back so that i could duck beneath it .
he fell into step next to me , our eyes searching the foliage for our lost friends .
foster forced me to sit before tugging a man - sized leaf down over us both .
foster pulled the leaf closer around us , as if he thought the barrier would ease my fears .
he was leaning against a tree in a dark forest , a man - sized leaf pulled up to his chin .
the moon peeked at him through the foliage .
the full , towering trees and man - sized foliage i d drawn into the kingdom were changing the further we marched .
if a man sees a beautiful woman and thinks something sexual about her , he needs to simply notice the thought and let it float away , like a boat or a leaf floating down a stream .
peering to his left , through the delicate foliage of trees he saw a field : raggedy clumps of grass littered with yellow and red dots of wild flowers stretched away and upwards to form part of the hill they 'd just descended .
ray exclaimed when a zeepod flung himself from the foliage .
and two or three followed in rapid succession , bursting from the foliage with a snarl , fangs bared , with all the fury of a badger .
there were moments of decision in ray 's life , but none more important than this : he reached out and grabbed one of the zeepods across the chest , pulling him toward him while falling back into the foliage with a crashthe zeepods were only about three - to - four feet or more in heightlike tackling a five - year - old : ` ` jesus ! ''
through the foliage , they could make out the outlines of a city : ` ` look ! ''
quitting the others , john thrashed through fern and stalk , leaf and plant , to a sudden opening .
i started to rush to the area where they had disappeared into the foliage , then paused in mid - motion at the sound of male laughter .
then , at carns hand signal , they began to fan out into the foliage to be able to take their foes from more than one side .
he s shaking like a leaf and his face is whiter than the lines on the pavement .
there came the sound of rushing water too , much louder and more dramatic than before , and as he burst free of the foliage he was met this time with a river stretching across his path .
there was dried foliage and dead wood scattered all over the ground , and one of the trees had been uprooted and was lying on its side amidst the others .
inside was an ornate wooden box set with gemstones and finished with gold leaf .
i love the abundance of trees and foliage , cindy said .
he 'd just finished a bottle of leaf juice .
braddle sat on the mound of stones outside his house with a small bag between his feet containing leaf paste sandwiches and leaf juice .
braddle sat on the mound of stones outside his house with a small bag between his feet containing leaf paste sandwiches and leaf juice .
the soldier returned with a tray laden with bread , larva meat , fruit pieces and leaf juice .
i do n't even remember much about it , mrs . robbins added , forking out a green leaf from her plate .
i held back a laugh when i noticed a fern leaf resting precariously on the top of his head .
the trees were almost completely bare , save for the last golden leaf that hung on , desperate not to die .
i ' m about to ask more , when altair suddenly guides our ride off the main road , following what could only be described as a cattle trail through the dense green foliage growing here .
i ask , ducking as a broad green leaf almost slaps me in the face .
i run toward him , my heart fluttering like a leaf on the wind .
even though i was moving towards the setting sun , the thick foliage blocked out the majority of the light .
the foliage was denser than ever and my feet were in agony .
i listened as the birds began to chirp in the trees , and the morning light seeped through the foliage .
it was less of a hedge and more of an enormous wall of dense foliage , stretching high into the sky .
there was a gap in the foliage , and a walkway made out of more hedging .
i looked up at the wall of thick foliage and pressed a hand against it .
the room was a rich green from the foliage that filled the space , tall trees with broad canopies meant that the walls and ceilings of the room were hidden , giving the appearance of a real overgrown secret garden .
one of the wolf 's eyes peered at him from a gap in the foliage .
the wonderfulness of parkesh is reflected in every little tree leaf and butterfly , but the place i am at is so dreary and desolate you would never guess it were part of the same place .
the second course and desert went by as if it were a leaf in the breeze , just as gentle , too .
mmmyou have to eat the first blue leaf of the season from the bigiloo tree .
chapter 13 reckless abandon hello , again , hugo said as he pushed through foliage to enter the bower with izzy trailing behind him .
before my eyes , there was the little waterfall i had immortalized , framed by the green of the foliage and the white of the mist , with the pleasant addition of the sound of crashing pebbles and birds singing in a tree .
she asked casually as she twisted a leaf in her fingers .
like ships of the sea they had wooden hulls , only the bottoms were flat with long skids incorporating leaf springsone at the bow , two at the sternto allow them to land upon the ground .
he stared at his severed fingertips , trying to understand what was happening , and his head began to twirl like a dry leaf in a whirlwind .
i descended the balcony walkway and headed toward them , though i was shielded from their view by the heavy foliage .
ancient gnarled trees and dense overgrown green foliage spanned as far as the eye could see .
the green foliage broke off easily in my hand .
hopping on the spot in panic , i dived under a large - leafed plant with unusual red spiky foliage .
i moved first , the foliage hugging close on either side .
lying on a leaf are the sarsaparilla berries we collected last night .
some displays were butterfly collections , and others were wild flower and leaf collections .
liam peered through the foliage trying to see their faces , but they were hidden beneath dark hoods .
pulling a petal , crushing a leaf , tasting and smelling , he examined each one .
silence echoed through the trees but for a single twitch of a falling leaf that glided silently , slowly , to touch the ground with the barest whisper of sound .
oberon looked the crown over and i saw tension arc through his shoulders as he noticed my blood on the leaf that had cut me .
ben coughed an almost intelligible word after alexander as he left , spitting more fluid and leaf pieces to the floor around his feet .
this pool was surrounded by different jungle foliage of different greenery and brownish colors .
it was somewhat buried in foliage .
nomi removed some of the foliage and then proceeded to enter the tunnel .
they travelled thru the dense foliage for several more moments .
i had not even reached the vicinity of the house when i heard the voice from the thick foliage surrounding the place .
it was a palace ; an enormous , sprawling mansion made of rich sandstone and covered in foliage .
she brushed a stray leaf from his short , blond hair , verging on silver in the moonlight .
a hand was offered to her , and kay gladly accepted reeses help in extricating herself from the giant leaf mound .
the afternoon spun by in a mosaic of laughter and leaf explosions and smiling faces .
for he shall be like a tree planted by the waters , which spreads out its roots by the river , and will not fearwhen heat comes ; but its leaf will be green , and will not be anxious in the year of drought , nor will cease from yielding fruit .
ice found a stick and wrapped his fingers around it , yanking it from the dead foliage .
the roads on the island were n't cleared in winter , but the lack of trees and foliage marked their passage clearly .
an occasional break in the foliage revealed dirt roads cutting through the woods , some which bore signs indicating residences beyond the dense vegetation .
shed pined him on the leaf covered ground .
the sun was high overhead in a cloudless sky , and the only movement besides the swaying grass was the figure of a lone girl wading through the foliage .
trees rose up out of the ground so tall that some of the foliage scraped the bottom of the ship .
the demonic glow of red eyes peered at them through the brush and foliage , making selenas blood run cold .
flowers in every color conceivable dotted the green foliage growing from the curling branches .
though the foliage of the trees blocked out the light of the moon , a soft , golden glow illuminated the space .
he pulled up a private road and turned off into an almost indiscernible path through the foliage .
the darkness deepened as they traveled into the foliage .
the three men stood unmoving , their eyes searching the foliage around them .
thick foliage lined the road .
like a leaf dried up in the sun , you just had to step on it lightly for it to disintegrate to nothing and paulos foot was always hovering over her , ready to come down .
its tiny trunk completely out of proportion to its vast foliage , looking like a stick with a puffy cloud jammed on top .
i was peering through the tiny spaces in the foliage , my eyes finding a river , white rocks glistening in the sun , when i saw a guardian slap the helmet of the pilot , quite hard .
each one was shaped like a delicate birch leaf , curled perfectly to allow the opener to grasp it and pull with ease .
i was staring out at the trees , scanning the foliage , looking for a point of difference , when i saw it .
we walked for about half an hour , the dense foliage closing in around us as we moved deeper into the forest .
i was good at reading those times and quickly changed the subject , bending down and picking up a leaf or a pinecone , shoving it in his consternated face and telling him to look at it .
flames leapt from his hands , igniting the leaf - laden branches .
the trail of burnt ground and foliage was obvious as it cut a swath through the forest .
vicky glanced up at darien gazing over the lush foliage of the english - style garden , and pondered what she had learned .
i ran harder through the thick foliage , lungs burning , breath sawing in and out .
he was too far ; the foliage was in her way , and she could not see clearly .
she was standing in front of me , eyes wide , a leaf clutching at a strand of her black hair .
like a giant , leaf - covered , rainy day spice .
soon all the leaves were gathered in a pile and then packed into large leaf bags .
no undergrowth , not even a single dead leaf on the hard ropey ground , and she trembled .
she crouched down behind the foliage to keep from being seen .
vila shrieked as a cascade of water tumbled down from the leaf onto her head .
vila was on a tree branch next to a very large leaf .
i quickly move onto the food , desperate to fill the gaping hole in my stomachi will never be one of those girls who can get by on a lettuce leaf .
it was september , yet all about was still the green of blade and leaf , the pink and gold of flowers .
she learned to laugh at the cheeky brown wren that nested outside her window , to see a leaf against the light , feeling its veins under the fall colors .
he can see every leaf on their branches and he knows where the dead leaves go even when the wind blows them away .
the cold water woke me up and i stared into worried eyes the color of a newly - sprouting leaf .
i did nt know how light could touch this place with everything in it so humongous , but surprisingly , the place was well lit , foliage was excellent , and the breeze that cut through the trees was calming .
i looked at the leaf wind gave me last night and found a note beside it saying that he would be on his way to ameres and that we would celebrate when he returned with his mother .
lush foliage and brightly colored flowers vied for a space near the water .
the cooking fires here are lit often , enough that you only have to put some coconut hair here , see , and wave a palm leaf .
well , a dragon still needs water , he remarked , heading towards the river which had now wound its way back into the woods and continued into the foliage , disappearing ahead into the distance .
looking closer , he could just make out a strange ladder carved into the surrounding trunk , weaving the whole way to the top and disappearing under the dense foliage of its leaves .
what he had thought was a makeshift ladder was , in fact , an intricate set of steps running the whole length of the tree trunk and spiralling up into the dense foliage above .
you could see for miles from up here and in every direction was a vast landscape of foliage , every colour imaginable .
quickly , quickly time is brief , to pause here under tree and leaf , the little creature said , jumping deftly from paw to paw .
it seems safe enough , lucas said , guiding his horse further into the open space and spotting a wooden sign buried behind a thick layer of foliage .
she looked down to see a large orange leaf clasped in her fingers .
lizzie nodded ; her breathing steadying as she released the orange leaf fluttering in her fingertips and watched as it was once more swept away on the breeze , spiralling upwards into the air and disappearing .
she peered around him , grateful that he was there and was greeted by the sight of several more leaf birds taking to the air just ahead .
she was nt sure what that thing was , but she did know one thing ; it was nt there to harm them , and as she continued to watch she saw two more creatures join him , their bodies smooth and fast keeping pace as more of the leaf birds fell at their feet as they cleared the way through the relentless attack .
lizzie screamed , watching in terror as the strange creatures plunged into the open mouth of leaves , attacking the monster savagely with their teeth and claws , ripping and shredding it to pieces and as the horse finally passed through they were hit by little more than a scattering of the torn foliage as it fell beneath the packs brutal strength .
i take a few deep breaths , trying to calm myself down , but my body just wo nt stop shaking like a leaf in winter .
i slam the bread with the fork which is missing one prong and the dull knife that could nt cut my tree leaf .
she became instilled with a tremendous amount of unsheathed , trembling fear , bringing her heart to palpitate rapidly ; this as a result of the sudden rustling of the presumed brown , aging foliage .
steeped in shadow , darkness echoed as if all the sunlight has been folded inside itself , completely absorbed , and the trees , large mammoths of green foliage bunched over , bent and stopped , pouring more exhaunerating shadows across the hallows of what must have been a palace once .
yeri had a strawberry in one hand and its leaf in the other .
it looked like the very last leaf of fall , withered and ghostly .
famous for the sugar maples , the foliage in the fall is spectacular , i would love you to see it .
drive north , into the mountains , a deep ravine should do , plenty of foliage , bodies can be lost for years before discovery .
he pulled to a stop and surveyed the land , perfect , the dense foliage for miles would be adequate to conceal their crime .
kate remembered the first time she had met the tui bird , moana explained how she had trapped him , imitating his call by sucking her breath over a folded leaf to make the chirping sound that attracted him .
a line of foliage and trees provided a natural fence from passerbys on the sidewalk .
the leaf laden towering oaks and soaring pines had seen to that .
nothing beat the beautiful colors of the fall foliage cascading over the mountains with a blazing autumn sunset igniting the sky .
though i had nt been out on shiloh ridge for many years , i could nt spare the time to take in the sights of the beautiful fall foliage rolling throughout the scenery around me .
the fall foliage is at its peak , and the sunsets are nothing less than amazing .
the fall foliage was at its peak and the trees circling the old grain mill were exploding with autumn colors .
a huge , oversized , towering tree , full of bright leaves , more orange than leaves could get during the fall , and each leaf of this enormous tree seemed to be giving off a bright glow , lighting up the sky and signaling those from miles away that this was a safe place to come .
this look likes heaven but could be hell , studies the foliage in the distance .
there was a beautiful , leaf design that had been carved into the middle of the cup .
embossed in gold leaf on the book 's cover was the gold dragon of the sky kingdom .
he tucked his bike into the foliage and got comfortable .
chapter 11 lucy ran until she could run no more , clearing a swathe through the frosted foliage until her lungs seized and she collapsed to her knees .
newton threw the bread away and dangled the limp lettuce leaf over clark bents wound .
when we arrive at the same door maureen just exited , i see that a gargoyles face protrudes from the center of it , and that vine and leaf designs cover the doors shiny surface .
thomas looked around the wilderness , as if he could find an explanation hidden in the foliage .
for the better part of half an hour , thomas , gatsby , grimace and gangle pressed hard through the heavy mists and dense foliage .
there was gold leaf inlay around the edges , which formed margins .
i have been working with leaf and grass extracts to create a new flavour of juice .
i ve just reached the wall of foliage blocking my way to the forests middle when i hear the door creaking open behind me .
the sound of the forests rustling foliage has disappeared and now all i hear is a deafening silence .
finally we go several yards past a thick wall of foliage and emerge into a huge clearing .
the kids voice faded and justin could just make out his shadow - self flitting over the thick leaf litter , back toward the gaping portal .
where justins feet did not kick off roots , they sank into inches of decaying leaf litter .
he looked around and gestured for justin to step back with him along the deer path , which was sheltered by foliage and not at all obvious from the main trail .
then he heard a wet , sliding sound from deep in the foliage and knew it was fear .
hers were nt like the designs i d seen on susan , they were nt of foliage , they were of large winter mountains and snow falling .
they d been heading for the foliage on the waters edge .
that second when the child ran away , i flipped the card hanging on its leaf .
i m thinking about talking my family into borrowing a leaf from the kikuyu women from kiambu .
the base of the foliage on each tree was at least ten feet wide .
i bit into a grape leaf right away and savored the flavor of the scrumptious rice and beef that were seasoned with my moms homemade middle eastern spices .
one tumbled down the roof taking a leaf - filled gutter with him , the other dove into a tall tree .
i clutched the bark of the tree branches underneath me , feeling like i was about to fall headfirst into the leaf - covered undergrowth .
amongst the lush foliage were flowers , huge and colourful , competing for attention ; botanical structures which defied the imagination : a lily pad across which a man might walk ; trees which towered hundreds of feet skywards ; grasses growing so densely and tall that they formed an impenetrable barrier .
a flat brown shapeless leaf one amongst hundreds on the forest floor suddenly metamorphosed into a toad which loped away ; a streak of gold and black muscle rippled in a patch of sunlight as a jaguar sashayed through the undergrowth ; the sudden contrast , as an improbably constructed armadillo bumbled into shot .
as they approached the outskirts of the city , more roads cut through the green foliage ; some smart - looking suburbs , arranged geometrically , came into view .
his momentum carried him through the foliage and over the edge of a large outcrop of rock .
and why were they in cases marked green leaf canned peaches this side up ?
will was just about the stuff it back into the drawer and leave when , first , he read the words green leaf peaches next to a date and price , and secondly , he heard the front door open .
the details referred to green leaf peaches .
it took will twenty minutes to sidle round into a position where he could peer through thick foliage , safe in the knowledge that he could not be seen , and observe the work on the river bank .
green leaf peaches , it read .
will ran as he had never run before , leaping roots and fallen branches , ducking under hanging foliage , jinking round trees .
he settled on a heavily wooded protruding spur of land which allowed them to beach the boat behind a curtain of foliage .
i crunch a dead leaf between my fingers .
they lit the night up smoking spliffs of buddha rolled in cuban gold leaf while passing out grams of reina like party favors .
as she walked towards the tree in the center of the room , she plucked a leaf .
grabbing a mug from a shelf above , she placed the leaf into the mug and ran water , filling the mug to the rim .
it tasted sweet , with strong flavor , finding such peculiar , with only a single leaf ?
order , now in the middle of the room , plucked a leaf from the tree of life .
seconds later , she plucked a leaf from it and continued toward the sink , placing the leaf in a mug .
seconds later , she plucked a leaf from it and continued toward the sink , placing the leaf in a mug .
after fluky had described what he needed , a band of scruffy young men had gotten to work falling small trees and stripping them of their foliage .
but many days passed , and the master left him to study a single leaf for hours , or a bee or a fish from the lake far below , and sometimes his heart chafed against the slowness of his mind as it crept towards the mystic goal , and he heard the ringing of the blacksmiths hammers further down the canyon , and he longed to hold a hammer and tongs again , and pound the red - hot steel into swords .
its a funny thing about trees -the variations they can take are infinite , the number of branches , the twists , the leaf distribution , the angle -its infinite .
god , the omnipotent creator of the universe , ca nt find a man in a garden hidden by a tree and a fig leaf !
the explosive shockwave hit hard , lifting her up and tossing her forward like a leaf from a blower , sending her and chris spinning through the air .
with a shrug , he leaned down as he squeezed into a combination chair - desk , flicking a leaf off the bottom of his pure white sneakers .
it fluttered like a leaf , and then spiked into the dizzy , frenzied spin of a wounded goose .
it is an eden of green foliage , with life stirring at every conceivable level .
the snakes tongue moves like a dry leaf in wind .
her air of jollity is like a precariously balanced leaf in a rising wind .
by the end of the speech the leaf has fallen and all hints of pleasantry have been slammed flat under a tone of wrathful indignation .
and further down , something much less intrusive ; something flagging ; something with a voice no bigger than the squeak of a leaf against a twig .
from isaiah : all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags ; and we all do fade as a leaf .
she was shaking like a leaf but her head was shaking most of all , which i , with great relief , took for a negative .
petey sniffed the brown leaf piles that lay on the lawn and suddenly decided to dart down the street as if chasing some invisible rabbit .
the grass had nt been mowed in a long time , and the foliage covered up part of the phone number listed on the sign .
foliage from the trees could nt provide enough cover as the showers were sucked to the earth faster and bigger , the pitter - patter of the drops turning into crashes of waves upon rocks .
her oversized clothes felt like they might completely shake free , like a leaf on an autumn tree , if the embrace continued , so james let go .
at one point , he set the can down and leaned the rifle against a tree and was about to grub around in the leaf litter to see how the ginseng was doing , but something was nt right .
pre - pubescent groups of adventurous and curious boys were known to lead unsuspecting ( or perhaps not ) girls to the challenge of the tank ; taunting , daring them to scramble up the walls and down inside onto the years of accumulated leaf litter to play doctor and explore their gender differences .
a branch is not a leaf , but both are interdependent on each other and together they make a tree .
they crept along examining the fortress of dense foliage , probing carefully every few feet .
no one else would have seen the episode due to the density of the foliage .
across the dusty , ocherous canyon floor , twenty - five clear bubbles popped up within a heartbeat , like beads of dew on an autumnal leaf .
two of his sentries burst through the dense foliage to his left .
seratl ti squatted by the garden and picked a mint leaf .
he chewed the leaf for a moment .
edak hesitated , then he , too , broke off a leaf and bit a section .
the boar veered and thundered into the bush , swallowed up by enveloping foliage .
she paused , then straightened up to caress the leaf lightly with her plump fingers , as she unconsciously did with each plant she passed .
i feel like a dried leaf .
califia watched him select the snack and place it on a palm leaf .
gold leaf adorned every corner and gleamed in the sun , accentuating the black and white of the marble .
she did nt make it into the school at all before she was sent home , fig leaf and all .
for yin is in dominance symbolised through the cloud cover and the overbearing greens and wood visible through the foliage of the gardens , the trees of the valley and cloaked mountains .
wil thinking , if we get a chance to sit on a seat beside or underneath a tree and wait and watch for a single leaf to fall , its taking its only journey , its life as part of the tree becoming extinguished as it is caste out alone , a new life , spiralling , swirling , fluttering in the air , a start to another journey and eventually , an ending .
each spiral or swirl as it falls towards the ground becomes unique and never to be repeated , and only for that single leaf , in all of time , we able to witness a happening , never to be repeated .
the leaf as it spirals downwards , responds and influenced by the breezes or air it passes through , light moving across its surface , its shadow reflected there somewhere on the ground , ever - changing as the leaf on its journey , descends .
the leaf as it spirals downwards , responds and influenced by the breezes or air it passes through , light moving across its surface , its shadow reflected there somewhere on the ground , ever - changing as the leaf on its journey , descends .
its journey ending when the leaf joins with other leaves on the grounds surface , then starting another journey , and that to become part of the earth and the earth underneath , and over time its energy harnessed by the tree , its energy rewarded by its connection with the earth , an energy to be transported back into the air , possibly recreated as another leaf .
its journey ending when the leaf joins with other leaves on the grounds surface , then starting another journey , and that to become part of the earth and the earth underneath , and over time its energy harnessed by the tree , its energy rewarded by its connection with the earth , an energy to be transported back into the air , possibly recreated as another leaf .
watching that leaf is unique thought wil .
in the land of the sakyas , between the black masses of the mountains and hidden among the foliage of tamarinds , mangoes , and forests i was born .
woods loomed near at hand , with not a leaf stirring on the breathless afternoon .
that s a palm leaf .
adam pulled a leaf from a birch tree they passed and rubbed it in his hands .
the mere thought had him shaking like a leaf .
i suppose well have to throw the stars off the flag and insert a maple leaf .
they made their way through the heavy foliage that hid the beach from view .
i stop doing it because of a leaf rustling and the voice disappears after .
he wears a robe in green of leaf .
i am like a soaked leaf .
i look for something to shut my ears , find a green leaf that can not be broken in my ear .
even the wind does nt blow today , i do nt hear any rustling of leaf .
the deputy handed daniel a paper - thin towel with a fall leaf pattern on it .
through the windows he sees the tropical foliage of florida beyond the runway and then is distracted by a child singing along as ` ` jingle bells '' pours from hidden speakers .
` ` i had it brought in , '' meg said , pulling a dead leaf from a poinsettia on the dresser .
what light there was in the yard came from a three - quarters moon , but little of it penetrated the leaf canopy .
the nuances of sunlight , temperature and humidity , the foliage , the clothes and mood of the citizens .
not that these were his initials - they were nt , they were simply the first two adhesive letters he had randomly alighted upon from the sheet of adhesive gold leaf letters supplied with the case .
she looked around for some covering foliage .
in addition to a wealth of contour lines the map displayed foliage , road , building , fence and steam in exquisite detail .
after a moment the rabbit decided that it could neither hear nor see any obvious threat , and ran across the opening to nibble on a leaf low to the ground .
they were about to leave when , twenty yards away from their position , the foliage lifted up and a man appeared from nowhere .
if not , they ll control you , and you ll be blown around like a leaf , always reacting to whatever storm is taking place in your brain .
it was cool in february so he barely broke a sweat as he moved effortlessly through the foliage .
the two guards by the porch had taken refuge behind the heavy stone columns , firing without conviction into the dense foliage at the propertys perimeter .
the dense foliage that extended for miles created a natural barrier , and there was only one road in .
a good cigar can be differentiated from a bad one by observing the leaf , the color of the ash and the burn rate , and by tasting the smoke for complexity and richness .
one thing he hated back east was cutting the lawn , leaf clean up , and all that stuff .
he d purchased the land cheap from an old neighbor of his fathers a couple of years beforedriven into seclusion , i suspected , because his third marriage had gone sour and this was diggs version of a new , monastic leaf .
for jungle warfare they might be really good but we do nt know yet what sort of foliage deflection we might get .
max said nothing as they crossed his house , then the large expanse of foliage , and then up the path to the house next door .
the cold air grew warmer as the sun rose and the dripping foliage dried out while , in some sections , sunlight filtered through the overhead trees .
he ambled along in the opposite direction from the uphill track they had used on their arrival to where another one led down in a curve through thick foliage .
the foliage above has grown right across in parts .
with donna like a shadow following every step , lavina pushed her way through the foliage of grass and ferns , over a massive tree trunk jammed across the gap and down another steep section of rocks until they were on the floor of the canyon .
he needed to find some rag to drape his naked body in , not least because of the chill that made him shake like a leaf .
monsieur chris had obtained the needed ras el - hanoot , and her trip this afternoon to the bou jeloud market has supplied her with the other ingredients ; two chickens from which she would use the breasts and thighs , red onions , garlic , red chili peppers , coriander and flat leaf parsley .
not a leaf moved .
the trees were green , each branch rich with foliage and the brightness often confused those expecting to see bare branches and watery sunlight .
the odd maple leaf drifted along the sidewalk in plum purple and the wind off of lake erie cut across the warmth of the sunlight , bringing the temperature a tad below heaven .
mysteries swirled around me as if all i needed to do was reach out and catch the answer like it was a leaf on a windy day .
just inside the double doors ( ebony inlaid with parallel lines of gold leaf ) , there is a lectern with the bookings book placed solemnly upon it .
i could feel myself being swept along to an unknown destination , like a leaf which has landed in a swiftly flowing stream .
his rake occasionally caught a drifting leaf which crackled loudly against the soothing breeze .
he was still out for the count when the boats passengers were shepherded back to shore through the shallow water a few hours later , and then locked in a large concrete bunker hidden in the thick foliage of the tropical jungle .
right now , she could smell the dry dust whipped to peaks and swirls by the rising wind and something sweet , like honey most likely a caramel smear on one of the carelessly discarded chocolate wrappers in the foliage around her .
there would have been more life in a drifting leaf than in his voice .
he 'd run his finger along the bottom of a leaf , the callous on his finger drawing out an elongated ' shhhhh ' noise .
on the following morning , in new york a woman , who was dressed in a sleeveless green leaf print dress that flowed down to just below her knees , walked into the police station near her home .
people are filling the dead leaf - covered lawns and loud music , laughing , yelling ejaculate from the doors and windows .
i am surprised you did nt float away like a leaf just now .
pieter took some bags en disappeared in what looked like a dark tunnel drilled through the tight foliage of the local flora .
jane tried to follow it with her eyes between the foliage .
at the horizon pieter thought he saw some giraffes searching for high trees and their foliage .
golden leaf was a retirement complex built in the early 1970s .
have responded to the disturbance at golden leaf .
i skidded to a halt on the muddy , leaf covered ground and stumbled back towards him .
he d cut it too fine , he saw , and instead of shooting past the tree , he d brought them in through the foliage .
a man crouched in the foliage , watching the baby chimps at play .
the water that had streamed down to splash on the leaf - strewn bed of moss , dirt and twigs dwindled to an occasional drip .
treading across loose gravel , i noticed there was a weird fork in the road where foliage thrashed .
the pages were edged in gold leaf , the leaves bound by thin suede laces .
you re turnin over a new leaf , wooley , and you re gon na make your mama proud .
he very nearly choked on a leaf of lettuce in response .
the beaux arts opera house , all gold leaf and marble , was the most egregiously opulent construction patrick had ever seen outside versailles , and it was remarkable , even for a visitor like himself who had no interest whatsoever in the evenings performance .
chapter 4 : meeting amanda sovant looked out over the waters of lake superior and over all of the miles of green foliage above the deep - blue waters .
despite the obscuring wall of the forest , the blue expanse of superior was never far from sight if one cared to squint through all the evergreen foliage .
the foliage on this coast would have to be sufficient to conceal them , and by remaining perfectly still , as the searchlight scanned the woods all round them , they had , so far , avoided detection .
the trail followed the nechako river , on the banks of which were crowded both evergreen and broad - leaf trees .
then he turned and cracked the egg over his rice , adding a leaf of dried nori seaweed .
it was a water - tight gold case embossed with what appeared to be a sixteen - leaf chrysanthemum or kiku .
along the way she passed the diet building and the supreme court , then decided to look in on the yasukuni shrine , buried in its own exquisite grove of cherry trees and mixed foliage .
eventually their taxi pulled into a narrow side street , edging past a few women carrying small bundles of groceries bound in scarves , then easing to a stop before the ramshackle bamboo gates of a place that seemed abandoned to foliage and vines .
it was now 8:40 a.m. and the television lights had been switched on , turning the fake gold leaf on the ceiling into an intense white .
do nt give him the satisfaction , jane muttered , pretending to brush a hair or cabbage leaf off johns shoulder .
and yes they re holding onto this fig leaf .
buttercup - tinted walls , stained glass windows blooming with lilies and vines , a herd of overstuffed ivory - covered furniture grazing on persian carpets in the palest shades of leaf , sunshine , and cream .
onto the verge , mercifully padded with brown snow and leaf mold , and down a sloping embankment .
the freshly - budded leaf at the crown of the turkey oak in our garden in the beirut suburb of jnah represented an empire of possibilities .
the lightening of the days after the lock - down of drab winter brought forth birdsong and leaf buds , and in the midst of this awakening brought forth unrest in the south london refugee camps .
aban ganji , the persian , was made of wire and although he looked like he might flutter away on the breeze like a dead leaf , he was clearly the tougher of the two men .
the freshly budded leaf at the crown of the turkey oak in our garden in the beirut suburb of jnah did indeed represent an empire of possibilities , but now i was absolutely aware of the distant gaze of the hawk .
the deep green bushes and lush foliage surrounded him made it feel like he was lost in a rainforest .
weed trimmers , leaf blowers , shovels , hoes , and rakes hung from organizer racks along one wall .
but they felt safe up on the twenty - foot foliage that nearly tunneled over the river .
he was hit in the face with various tree branches and foliage from the unbridled nature strip ` ` shit , '' he cussed loudly .
the crowd of men and women all stared at the thick foliage , towering scattering of trees and leaf and twig covered ground .
the crowd of men and women all stared at the thick foliage , towering scattering of trees and leaf and twig covered ground .
the dense foliage gave way to a scattering of trees and small ferns as ben stepped further into the bush land .
he nodded towards the multitude of slides , fibres and foliage all placed in separate containers in front of him .
he thought it was a nasty thing to do to anyone , that is , to tie him and then leave him in the foliage on a cool night like that .
once arranged in the pit , wequai laid leaf upon leaf over the body , leafs she had painstakingly picked herself from the low growing red and green shrubs , chanting a song throughout the private ceremony .
once arranged in the pit , wequai laid leaf upon leaf over the body , leafs she had painstakingly picked herself from the low growing red and green shrubs , chanting a song throughout the private ceremony .
rolling onto my stomach , i crawled under a sprawling rhododendron and stared through the foliage in the direction of the voices .
the light had returned normal , i realized of it because it did n't penetrate around under me to the eyelids but everything it did n't stir a leaf , admitted that there were any .
jason shoved the stack of papers behind the picture of the maple leaf in its cheap walmart store frame .
araba had left the resort , taking all her belongings and leaving behind the beautiful bracelet he had given her a few weeks ago , the one with the maple leaf on it .
all eyes were turned back to sarah as she bought time by biting into a red leaf that stood out all by itself in the garden salad .
as she moved closer to where mensah stood , he noticed something unusual ; the baby had mixed race features and wore a red bracelet on his ankle on which was drawn a maple leaf .
but i also see pale , flap , fetal , late , feat , flea , leaf , and leapt .
a man that clendon figured was mexican ran a loud leaf blower over the sidewalk .
suddenly a wild boar burst from the foliage at the brush planting its tusk into her leg .
thatchers wood was a mixture of broad leaf and pine trees , planted years ago for tax purposes by a landowner now long forgotten .
he seemed less a leaf in the stream than a leaf in a flat becalmed pond .
he seemed less a leaf in the stream than a leaf in a flat becalmed pond .
turning over a kernel of corn and putting it in mikes hand , laurie continues , no leaf blight , corn rust , stalk rot , or any bacterial disease that i see .
again , on the strawberries there is no slime , no rot , no leaf spots , no powder ; i do nt see any connection to the worms from these plant crops .
gastonish shook like a dry leaf in the wind .
i figured they would resemble those of leaf eating dinosaurs , but your teeth are unique , unlike any on earth .
i stopped and bent down , before i picked a four leaf clover .
delicately , i pulled the four leaf clover apart , placing the petals into the palm of sallys hand .
finally , i heard a distinct breath and a dry leaf was crushed .
i stepped out of my concealment of green foliage and started marching toward the guilt struck couple .
after our rough ride through the narrow nature trail we tore through the over grown foliage near the far side of the schools field .
the clusters shone like foliage from the middle .
it was a gilded caduceus that rose from the four - leaf clovers foundation .
there would nt be much leaf cover , but better than nothing .
he placed the four - leaf clover in his palm and grabbed the caduceus with the other hand .
he scrambled upwards through the trees , the ground damp from rain last night , the pungent smell of leaf humus .
the girl was clearly frightened , shaking like a leaf .
1 andr lemoine took a deep breath as he surveyed the panorama before him : a thick carpet of dark green tree - top foliage spreading for miles , faint mist rising as the heat of the rising sun burnt off last nights torrential rain .
donnet inhaled deeply of the night air , smelling fresh grass and pine trees and a damp - leaf bonfire burning nearby the sort of smells you did nt get in central paris overlaying the petrol and diesel fumes from the nearby a - road .
as they started almost running along , breathless , adrenalin pumping , andr felt all the madness and rush of the past forty - eight hours pile back in on him racing through the cameroon jungle , anouk shrieking in his dream as their flight hit the storm , driving like a madman out to nemours , battling to save erics life i m not that kind of doctor and as they hit the ground floor corridor that led to the conservatory entrance , a fluorescent light that was having trouble firing - up pumped the images in flicker - form through his mind the lightning as he clung to the tree , flashes of sunlight through the jungle foliage on the drive to douala , following the trail of erics blood spots along the starkly lit cellar , the intermittent strobe of orange streetlights hitting erics body as herv sped through the paris night but as they came to the end of the corridor , andr was disorientated .
the ferns and foliage plants were greener than elaine had ever seem them ; the boggy soil between the rocks and boulders provided the perfect place for plant life to flourish .
i wanted nothing more than to turn over a new leaf , and wished there was a way i could turn that leaf right this second .
i wanted nothing more than to turn over a new leaf , and wished there was a way i could turn that leaf right this second .
` ` high fever , she just started shaking like a leaf . ''
despite hopper 's admission that he had turned over a new leaf , i was n't taking any chances .
i reneged on my chance to own my own gun and also passed up the offer to get a good quality chainsaw , canadian made ( maple leaf !
maple leaf ! ) .
maybe both philosophies go hand in hand , but whatever the motivation behind it all is and remember , this is a feeling strong enough to persuade lets say at least one in every three canadians to have a maple leaf , if not the entire flag , tattooed somewhere on their bodies it is a force to be reckoned with .
i d better watch out otherwise ill be shooting off down the tattoo parlour soon to get a beautiful big maple leaf slapped across one of my buttocks ) , wondering what is going to happen next .
without any sound the image of a man started to come through the foliage .
as she watched he just faded out of the jungle foliage , soundless .
matt went to the clearing edge , stepped into the dense foliage and moments later returned with a sort of wooden tray .
at that moment two of the seven appeared on the path , chatting away as they went into the foliage .
as he and wolf approached the clearing wolf went to the right , disappearing into the foliage .
silhouetted against the sky with the multi greens of the overhanging foliage on the banks , and mixed with the animal sounds , it could have been a great holiday scene in another time or place , but not at the moment .
slowly the canoe disappeared into the overhanging foliage .
matt stopped the canoe deep in the foliage .
matt stepped out of the foliage and waited .
as the overhead foliage started to clear , the unmistakable silhouette of the giant us came into view , then the much smaller atom .
before all this the foliage , smells and sounds would have fascinated her , now it was just the norm .
the problem with trees , he said panting , is there are nt many open angles through the foliage .
the tall pines gave way to a mixture of broad leaf trees , and then opened again onto farm fields .
then the path turned and required they run alongside the built up highway where it bridged over the rail line , cross over the top , and dove through some foliage .
she feels the embossed green leaf on the cover , its seven points protruding out like fingers on a hand .
` ` what is this leaf ? ''
` ` that is the leaf of the cannabis plant , sometimes called weed . ''
as he entered the shelter of trees and foliage he heard a car door open and close , then another gunshot , then another .
dense foliage has its advantages ; it afforded excellent cover while i waited for crimeen industries to pack up for the day .
then i sat on the stoop , watching the darkness under the foliage .
i took off down the atv trail , walking on the center strip of foliage between the two parallel ruts of dirt .
thumbing the ear bud deeper into my ear , some nasally woman was talking about southwestern foliage .
thousands of dead soldiers , husbands , and sons reclined in mock innocence beneath the land that robert e. lee once owned , an estate that went from agricultural pursuits to the resignation of fates that far outweighed a leaf of corn waving in general lees fine southern farm field just south of washingtons corrupt square of land .
i pressed the gas pedal and moved on , losing sight of the house and its scowling occupants once we passed the trunks of two big trees and a screen of foliage that closed in behind us .
mckean followed and i went after him into a world made suddenly darker and quieter by an overhanging canopy of dense spruce foliage .
that leaf , klochtap , said mckean .
shadowed by dense foliage overhead , the weak evening light scarcely touched the forest floor .
the parks lush foliage made it easy to remain hidden , moving along the fringe to the edge of peas estate .
thick foliage had attacked the house from every angle , crawling up , around , and through the gray brick .
following the trail looking for clues of recent footfalls and overturned leaf litter might be better .
she snatched the second missile lying near domingo , brushed it clean of leaf litter and inserted it .
he soon saw the leaf pile hiding the water and carefully untied the top of a bulbous stretched condom .
it is called this because its construction is from the leaves of the nipa tree , a flax - like leaf very effective against all weather .
concealed by foliage , i dared to take a closer look , my fingers carefully spreading the leafy cover apart just far enough to get a peek .
he let that all sink in while we left our leaf - covered hiding place and walked across the gravel to the waiting subaru .
the idea of having to go into the dense foliage filled him with loathing .
he slashed at them awkwardly with his weapons , venting his frustration and fear on the obstructing foliage .
the ambusher , silhouetted in the foliage , faced the advancing platoon .
silver cluster leaf sparkled amidst the green canopy of maroela trees and herds of impala and kudu grazed undisturbed off the foliage , the man scent of the intruders carried in the opposite direction by the breeze .
silver cluster leaf sparkled amidst the green canopy of maroela trees and herds of impala and kudu grazed undisturbed off the foliage , the man scent of the intruders carried in the opposite direction by the breeze .
not far off , away from the dense foliage , a pair of giraffe grazed on a green thorn , and it was not lost on them that at another time , in different circumstances , these delights of nature would have filled them with joy .
the figure was close enough now that we could hear the thudding of footsteps , accented occasionally by the crunching sound of a dry leaf or twig .
the trees were perfectly trimmed into towering cones of leaf ( some species of tree preferred to be trimmed as it made them feel more proper ) .
the double doors were frosted glass and said zoning department , myron g. hearst , commissioner in gold leaf lettering .
what about that new leaf you turned over ?
i guess you do nt want anything to eat with a new leaf in it .
heard only crickets and the slight squeaking of leaf springs .
the movement of a tree , each leaf performing its own independent dance to create a wondrously pure choreography .
what drew them to it was the sight of four separate drunks throwing up against its walls ; it might not have been as auspicious as a four leaf clover , but it was eye catching .
the dirt path passed them with a gradual hardening from damp soil into gravel ; then it came to a flight of wooden steps that plunged through prickly foliage into darkness and the thumping shoreline .
the road seems to be getting a little bumpier the further i go and the foliage a little thicker .
the foliage covered up most of his activity , but i got good shots of him when he stood up .
and no , i m not picking up meat wrapped in a lettuce leaf .
he reached down his hand , as if he was going to touch a leaf , but instead he grabbed the whole top of it and wound it back .
adrian reached out and touched a leaf .
as the car turned around the far side of the tractor , the back wheels of the morgan fought in vain to find traction on the leaf mulch , and started to skid uncontrollably .
the tin also contained an oak leaf cluster that horn had never pinned to a medal ribbon and an old army i d .
she flicked a leaf off the top of the grave and then wiped the dust with the arm of her jacket .
you re shaking like a leaf , mr . reaper .
when the cat disappeared into the shadows beneath the patch of growth , elijah detected something of substantial size shifting through the foliage .
elijah pointed to the leaf of a milkweed .
then , to the amazed stare of one of the receptionists , he moved one of the pot plant containers to make his presence in the chair difficult to be seen , though he could still see through the foliage .
there were many small rocks and decaying leaf matter .
a small blue rubber slipper , partly covered by leaf matter , was caught between two small rocks .
it was wedged tightly , and it was slippery from leaf mould .
he pushed his hand into the leaf mould beneath the slipper to try and free it .
the royal monorail was over - the - top elegant like everything else royal in england , decorated in rich red and navy blue velvets , and gold leaf everywhere .
he reached for the binoculars and in the fading light of the day could barely make out the ships name proudly displayed in gold leaf on her sterneuterpe .
at the top of the steps we left the sand and rock of the beach behind us and entered into the glare and sunshine and the sweetness of bright green foliage and flowers .
the room had a thirty - foot coiffure ceiling , inlaid with carved crests in gold leaf .
kane walks past the gaudy gold leaf gates to the parking lot near the employee entrance to the estate .
she had simply made the wrong decisions blatantly wrong decisions in the past three years , and instead of letting her dangle like a leaf clutching to the executive branch , the legislative branch wanted to put her out of her misery before she even thought of heading to new hampshire .
gohar joined nahir when he ambled onto the deck and took a deep breath , savoring the breeze off the water that carried with it the aroma of tropical foliage .
her eyes searched for a clear way through the dense foliage .
once inside the park , the interplay of foliage and rocky cliffs spoke of an ancient geologic event that forcefully ripped through the earth .
speaking of vertigo , you could pick off a leaf from the ginkgo , chew on it to release its oils , then spit it out , and supposedly you will lose the sensation of vertigo .
not only that , but you d also have a burst of energy and mental clarity for up to three hours just from chewing on the leaf .
she continue to snap pictures while walking through the foliage .
she torn it and shook a red , four - leaf clover - shaped keychain onto her palm .
silver squeezed the trinket the four - leaf clover was almost burning her palm .
jeremy lace , psychiatrist , the man answered , following a falling leaf with his eyes .
when evanford opened the door in the middle , a dried - out red leaf fell on his lap .
there was nothing unusual about the leaf itself , but , as soon as young man touched it , everything around him started to change , to wither .
dry leaf pulled evanford to the exit .
the leaf was pulling kevin further .
the ward looked normal again , and no trace of a red dry leaf .
to turn over a new leaf , as silly as it may sound .
suddenly , a red leaf fell off the branch and slowly whirled to the ground .
she touched a wet leaf that had caressed her left foot during our entire conversation .
then , after searching the area , i found a small , well - worn path leading through thick foliage .
enormous valleys ran lush with thick green veins of abundant foliage spreading in all directions .
a heavy blanket of foliage hung down from above me , blocking the moonlight like thick black canvas across my eyes .
one path led straight to our capital city of targoviste , the other veered to the right , where a narrow trail climbed up a steep grade , vanishing under a dark canopy of thick trees and thriving foliage .
then hinto produced a cactus leaf .
the garden seemed to reach out in all directions , as if it were some immense wonderland of foliage .
mature deciduous trees , some already having lost their foliage , overshadowed the stone pathways with their sparse branches .
any other time , he would have readily spent the whole day with her , wandering through the foliage .
he strums an ever shifting pattern of chords on his acoustic guitar and stares absently at the downhill slope of foliage behind the house , letting his mind wander , a pure , clear and fast moving channel much like the creek buried down there somewhere in the dark and the trees .
having found a means even through somewhat dense foliage of approaching the fence one route of trees spaced just far enough apart , making a half loop around the forest and approaching from south - southwest steve had committed this as much to memory as humanly possible .
maybe count the leaf shadows of the old white oak , or the seconds till the katydids begin shrilling in the woods .
after a few minutes , he suddenly turned off the path and made his way through terrain with thicker foliage and more dense trees .
on a hot sunday in mid - july , nicholas ventured into the woods , and as he strolled along , he blew out a whistling tune with his lips , which reverberated in the summer air , before the thick foliage stifled it .
when he arrived at the old disused line , he glanced round frantically and kicked the leaves strewn along the floor ; then he spied the metal railing sticking out from a carpet of dead foliage .
he sprang to his feet , looked around himself , and collected some old leaves and other foliage he could use to camouflage his find .
he had been watching the man for a while and to any observer would have appeared strange , stood there in the dark foliage of the woods .
he then tactfully tucked the bike behind some thicket , which still retained some of its foliage , and yet , not enough to prevent easy access to the bike .
although the journey was hard and tricky because of the foliage and dead branches , the man pushing the wheels and box possessed formidable strength and remarkably made the journey with some ease .
i see virtually every tree and foliage here has been consumed by various deaths .
its about the same distance , but there is absolutely no sign of foliage .
one of the bees , a scout , was just starting to alight on the emerald green highest leaf when the entire plant suddenly disappeared .
the rustling of the abundant foliage could be from an early morning summer breeze .
mike summers , standing at the opposite side of the gleaming azure blue olympic size pool , winked at his twin brother mark who was just coming out of the maintenance shed carrying a leaf net .
with lots of birds and reptiles and animals hiding in the foliage .
the weather was overcast and a light mist washed the jersey foliage into an unnaturally bright shade of green .
the final dead leaf i swept off of the porch of the house welcomed in the first snowflakes of the cold season .
we ran through a few backyards , throwing ourselves over walls and through foliage .
i watched alex recede into the house , then drove to where i d parked earlier , picked my bumper from its leaf burial , and threw it in the trunk .
jasons screaming too , his whole body shaking like a leaf .
situated a few miles outside the city , it backed onto a forest and was flanked by heavy foliage , making it virtually undetectable from the road and extremely difficult to find .
foliage camouflaged the area and five - foot - tall reeds surrounded the circumference of the lake itself , shielding visiting humans and the inhabiting wildlife alike from sight .
it was an extremely vulnerable position because it was completely exposed without the cover that the trees and foliage provided .
their view of her was obscured by thick foliage and tree branches .
her eyes scanned the heavy foliage surrounding the house , searching .
her concentration was fixated on the foliage .
a waterfall gushed into it , flanked by heavy foliage .
she walked down a couple of steps and picked up a soft , greenish fallen leaf and brought it back to the man .
the leaf was not crisp enough to splinter , so she folded it in half between her fingers and plucked the piece of paper out of the man 's pocket , careful not to leave any fingerprints .
she knew how to move silently in the night , placing each step carefully to avoid twigs , leaves , and dead foliage .
she lowered her head for only a second , snatching a mouthful of foliage before jerking upright once more , twisting and listening .
the room felt like an extension of the garden outside , giving the illusion of openness , and the musky fragrance of foliage engulfed her .
there was a gibbous moon over the head of the valley , which helped the light enhancement pick out every last detail , down to the individual leaf and strand of razor wire .
a few kakazo birds roost among the broken - off branches and shriveled black remains of foliage , sitting with their quills ruffed into balls and eyes blank .
the particular marijuana strain we have developed is called the rogue leaf .
i am not afraid to be the first victim of the rogue leaf and it may even be fitting , for i am its creator .
those who inhale the rogue leaf tend to develop a serious case of the munchies .
people with very good reason to worry about where the rogue leaf might turn up next .
curtains of green foliage enveloped the road on the way down the hill .
and each had a certain unique touch - two birds , two flowers , two trees , an old lady and an old man , a cockerel and hen , a hen and a chicken , a snake coiled around eggs with a small snake emerging , and there were abstracts , too - sunrises and sunsets - colourful bands of pink , purple , orange , blue and grey , some with a black silhouette of a single coconut palm or banana tree leaf intruding into the picture .
the horse chestnut tree had reminded him he was like a leaf in autumn , hanging on .
but there were still a few functions left for this old and yellowing leaf to perform .
i look down at my hand and its shaking like a leaf .
jake ran through the thick foliage that slapped at his body as he pushed into the rainforest .
heather chewed on a green leaf with a light vinaigrette sauce dripping from it .
it sounded like leaf litter crunching under a heavy weight .
cicadas , toads , the crunch of their footsteps on the leaf litter , the faint melody of classical music .
nevertheless , the leaf - carpeted forest floor was surprisingly open and airy , and creep had little trouble pioneering a path through the saplings , ferns , palms , and other herbaceous plants .
he had just broken through a wall of foliage into an open clearing .
at first she did nt see anything , then she made out a black shape slightly darker than the background of shadowy foliage .
' and have you eaten anything today , you 're shaking like a leaf . '
the summer sweated with heavy green grass and hazy purple hills and a bright yellow sun ; a variety of bugs crept in the foliage .
a dried leaf had come away onto the combs bristles - it must have been from aokigahara woods .
because when , in the middle of the summer , a tree sheds a green leaf , then maybe that is a sign , but i do nt understand it .
i stared out the window , mesmerized by the kaleidoscope of fall colors that shifted in shade with every leaf .
as i maneuvered around some low - hanging foliage i saw a vehicle parked in the middle of the road ahead of me , brake lights glowing .
i screamed and fell over my feet , landing noisily onto the damp , leaf covered earth .
i could only lie there motionless , listening to the heavy footfalls as they approached and grew louder with every crunch of dead foliage .
the trees thinned and the foliage dispersed to either side of browning meadow .
as they head through the dense foliage tracking the paw prints , they remain as quiet as possible .
michel can see the tiger through a small clearing in the foliage .
thomas adams continues to hack his way through the foliage , his senses working in overdrive .
adams turns back and continues hacking through the foliage .
an orange and black locomotive appears out of the foliage and pounces on parks .
the deer hesitantly lowers its head and begins to eat some foliage .
the television screen shows a deer crouched down , eating some foliage , as a bengal tiger crawls silently towards it .
the footage shows a bengal tiger and two cubs walking through some foliage where the forest line meets the sandy beach .
staying in the cover of the foliage , she puts her head down and begins to trek again , prompting her cubs to do the same .
passing a brief opening in the foliage , the cubs slow down to see what it is their mother is stalking .
suddenly , the mother breaches the foliage and begins to softly creep across the sand towards her unsuspecting target .
the bowl in front of the statue had figures intertwined with foliage around its sides and looked vaguely pagan .
these beasts habitat are chiefly amongst the close stifling foliage of the humid and oppressive kriti dakur .
standing on the edge of the chasm , his view blocked in both directions by thick foliage , he could not tell if the zin - za had already passed or if it was yet to come around the curve on the opposite cliff - face .
she had bruises on her face , her blouse was hanging open with all the buttons gone , and she was white and shaking like a leaf .
she pulled away a piece of twig with a small brown leaf still attached to it .
large plants in full foliage brightened the corners .
but after you saved his life , perhaps hell turn over new leaf and start treating you properly .
i suddenly saw a light in the distance and it slowly dropped like a leaf falling from a tree .
i stop briefly at the den entrance to take in the ocean of discarded beer cans covering much of the leaf litter .
i can shut my eyes and recall the smells of the leaf mulch and the life that lay within , as though i am again sitting for hours watching a trail of wee wee ants carry their shards of leaf back to their underground nest chambers .
i can shut my eyes and recall the smells of the leaf mulch and the life that lay within , as though i am again sitting for hours watching a trail of wee wee ants carry their shards of leaf back to their underground nest chambers .
i finger the writing and a crude drawing next to the word : it looks like a simplified sketch of an apple , made of two ovals joined together by a straight line , representing the stalk , and with a small oval leaf .
straight out from the lanai , in the thick foliage , alex saw the glint of two eyes level with his .
he saw every individual , vibrating leaf at the same time .
jennifer was a typical nerd , a lost soul , a leaf at the winds mercy .
mere seconds later , the thunder rumbled , the canadair cl-215 shook like a leaf and the port motor spluttered .
in the last hour the fog had largely disappeared and the sun peeped through to dry the foliage .
the three canadair cl-215 amphibian aircraft that flew in a loose formation over the mountains and endless forests all had bright orange tails but two carried the words canadian armed forces in two languages and maple leaf ringlets on their fuselages .
peter could clearly see the blue and red maple leaf ringlets on the fuselages .
the foliage made it a difficult task to get anywhere quickly .
as billy slows and lets his idling engine drag the vauxhall up to the entrance to the byre , he sees , through the thickening foliage of ancient rhododendrons , snatches of the good life ; brick and timber , dark wooden frames around the windows , which are georgian in style with multi - paned panels of glass .
alex moves away and blends into the background , merging with shadows and foliage .
she is pinned to the harsh walls of the domestic mausoleum by creeping vines , smothered in the leaf mould decay covering the floor of the untamed land at her feet .
a glance at the door showed the dead leaf he d placed that morning was still there .
it was probably his own blood , left over from the mugging , but just in case it was not , he scraped them clean with a crumpled leaf plucked from a shrub .
` ` about the colossus itself , there is a large pit with tons of foliage around it , i guess to give riders the added excitement of thinking they were going to crash before the track whooshes them past and onto the next portion of the ride .
several times people were injured going down into the pit trying to plant the foliage , so stairs were going to be installed , although at that point in time , none were .
like some coquettish woman , the cities here change mantles of orange autumn leaves and the green foliage of summer .
blake peeked around the leaf that had hid him ; the leaf now had a hole through it .
blake peeked around the leaf that had hid him ; the leaf now had a hole through it .
kenny cringed at every twig they snapped and every leaf that made a sound .
yershov had been pushing garnets wheelchair along the vehicle - free , waterfront promenade naberezhna lenina , both silently admiring the view across the still waters of yalta bay , the shingle beach on their left hand side , a line of green cypress and ragged - leaf palm trees to their right , slowly heading towards prymorsky park , when the big russian had asked , will you never walk , my friend ?
as the tiny speck reappeared from out of the fiery aurora , martin reached upwards towards it with his hand , grasping at the air as though the distance between him and the pilot had been magically contracted and he could just pluck the machine out of the sky as though he were reaching out to touch a leaf on an overhanging vine .
he told her about the trees , and about how the wind was rustling through the branches and moving every leaf .
her t - shirt of choice had a red maple leaf on the front with the caption , canadian kids r cool .
the sky was turning black , blocking out the colorful beauty of the fall foliage .
as nightfall began to spring over western pennsylvania and the colorful fall foliage disappeared into the darkness , billy noticed another a little too long of a look from a thirty - something couple in a honda accord .
a leaf clung to the hood .
through the brush and foliage , he saw half a dozen men sitting on the ground near a small fire .
the stalks were especially tall , and i was lost amid the dense foliage .
his ear was shredded and hung like a falling leaf .
each statue wore a fig leaf that was lighter in color than the rest of the body .
the gold leaf in the ceiling alone probably could have funded a year 's worth of cancer research .
langdon began racing through slides now - spiraled pinecone petals , leaf arrangement on plant stalks , insect segmentation - all displaying astonishing obedience to the divine proportion .
it was following the road up from the southeast , a mile away , a hundred feet up , using its vicious downdraft to part the surrounding foliage and aid its search .
there was some underbrush and a lot of leaf litter .
1 scissors cut paper the geisha called ' trembling leaf , on her knees beside james bond , leant forward from the waist and kissed him chastely on the right cheek .
trembling leaf covered her face with her pretty hands as if she were being required to perform some ultimate obscenity .
' but she also suggests that you will not make much of a companion for trembling leaf at the end of the evening . '
he said to tiger , ' tell the old bitch she 's a clever old bitch , ' accepted the brimming tumbler of hot sake from the apparently adoring hands of trembling leaf , and downed it in two tremendous gulps .
released from the tension , the geisha applauded and the madame instructed trembling leaf to give bond another kiss .
they ' ve got the outer leaf just right at last . '
strychnine or brucine from leaf , seed , stem or root - bark .
as he stood and watched it , a large leaf from one of the surrounding trees came wafting down and settled on the surface near him .
at once a quick , purposeful ripple swept down on the leaf from the surrounding water and immediately subsided .
advertisements proclaimed chew roseleaf fine cut warranted finest virginia leaf , trains stop for all meals , no checks accepted .
a bird screeched and clattered off through the foliage .
somebody 's suddenly gone and bought that ghastly blue harbour hotel , and there 's even talk that jimmy farquharson has found a buyer for his place - leaf - spot and panama disease thrown in for good measure , i suppose . ''
gonzales was smoking a cigar and from time to time he delicately raised a hand in front of his mouth , leant sideways and spat a bit of leaf out on the ground .
as the two men reached the top of the stairs , they entered a wide hallway of italian marble , stucco , and gold leaf .
the wonderful old room smelled of leather , wood fires , and loose - leaf tea .
i could smell a lake nearby , and trees , and leaf mold on the ground .
and when the blasted drums stop he regards the shadowy , rustling foliage and says : ` ` i do n't like it .
or were all of theirs so strange and full of terrifying mental foliage that their classmate 's sexual adventure was on a level with winning a pinball replay ?
it was enclosed on either side by a phalanx of pruned holm oaks , which had been carefully trained since the 1600s to arch inward over the path , intertwining overhead and providing an awning of foliage .
and then she was shaking like a leaf when she eventually opened up .
closing his eyes , he tightened his grip around the ancient yew tree , making sure both he and his camera remained concealed in the thick green foliage .
she was pinned like a leaf beneath a boulder .
he lifted a heavy wooden box of rifles to his shoulder and , as he turned , he slipped on a leaf fallen from a crate of cabbage .
the gold collar was chased with leaf tips , the thumbpiece cabochon sapphire .
triple sedilia and leaf capitals lined the towering walls .
pilastered marble columns , evenly spaced around the four walls , rose at least forty feet , each one decorated in gold leaf , the surrounding colors a soft peach and light gray .
he recognized victoria , the roman symbol for victory , a crown and palm leaf in her outstretched hands beckoning a choice .
bourne and marie remained in the shadows of the foliage at the side of the inn until it disappeared .
bourne drove past the entrance and pulled off the shoulder of the road , the right side of the car covered by foliage ; he had to think things out ... he had to control himself .
the glare of the restaurant floodlights filtered through the trees , growing brighter with each several yards , less foliage to block the light .
he stood motionless , watching for men concealed in the foliage or in the shadows of the building .
there were no soaring towers of a church reaching for the sky ; instead there were black shapes of irregular foliage shivering beneath the light of iridescent clouds .
a small army of green and red tractors with plows behind them crisscrossed the endless neat rows of leafy foliage .
they traded , swapped , and bartered , and gathered enough coins to purchase loose leaf tobacco which they rolled into thin papers and smoked slowly .
he shielded the beretta at his side and used the foliage to mask his continued advance .
the building 's owner , the blue chair , sat among the foliage .
the boy scampered down a path that cleaved a trail through the transplanted rain forest and disappeared into the foliage .
he rolled through the red and yellow maples , bright in their autumn foliage .
the only reason he saw the big shape pass was that the wind blew an opening in the leaf cover high above .
in the spring and summer , the grounds were dense with foliage , alive with flowers , berries .
he could smell the lake water , the subtle fragrances of organic decay , of leaf mold and earthworm castings , the faint resinous odor of conifers .
now , from the rhododendron hedge , he saw a bloodied arm flail into the air , and , moments later , a wounded man lurched from the foliage to the safety of adjoining statuary .
` ` youthink we have n't spotted you these last two days , breaking the foliage as you came to this very accessible place with your rifle ?
awkwardly ' they raced through roughly sixty feet of dark foliage when drew held up his hand .
a circular drive led from tall hedgerow to hedgerow , between which was a landscaper 's semi - annuity : sculptured foliage , flowering gardens , five concrete goldfish ponds aerated naturally , and with flag- 9 stone paths for those who cared to stroll outside amid nature 's beauty .
` ` yes , '' replied captain dietz , peering through the foliage .
as the two commandos crept forward through the dense , tangled foliage of the riverbank , there were rushes of leaves and footsteps and sudden muted screams cut off by the horrible expulsions of air and liquid , the skewering of blades through flesh .
` ` each is camouflaged and hidden in the foliage , several actually up in trees , and the rain , though extremely uncomfortable , is advantageous for us .
without hesitating , she raced down it , keeping in mind the approximate forty paces and the sharp curve ; she found it too late , plunging headlong into the overgrown foliage as the flagstones turned abruptly left .
` ` i could send fifty men on their bellies through a sector of this foliage , taking out the soldiers and putting on their uniforms , '' exclaimed captain dietz .
connal scrambled across the graveled path andspread apart the bordering foliage .
his cabin , or cottage , orjailhouse , whatever it was , seemed to have beenlowered from above onto a clearing in the forest.there was a wall of tall trees and thick foliage as faras he could see in either direction , a dirt pathangling to the right beneath the window .
it was borderedby thick foliage , more often than not roofed bylow - hanging branches , then breaking open into shortstretches of wild grass that might or might not leadto other paths .
he dove into the brush to his right , rolling over the needle - like bushes until he couldbarely see through the foliage .
once more the boat veeredtoward the shoreline and slowed down , its searchlightpeering into the dense foliage of the bank , headingwest , back toward leiflelm 's estate .
themoment he recognised the face he knew exactlywhere he had seen it walking rapidly down a pathsurrounded by thick foliage with another man , another guard .
he reached a dark row of foliage and doveinto the bushes , instinctively knowing exactly whathe had to do .
there was nothing any longer without risk , thought joel , as he crawled out of the foliage , butthe risk for him now was one he faced with a degreeof confidence .
near the far end , soraya turned down a side street that was soon fleshed out with foliage , both natural and artificial .
he was perfectly sincere in his prayers , feeling the centuries of history etched into the stone , marble , gold leaf , and lapis from which the mosque had been constructed and fervently embellished .
the woman brought him a plate of sticky rice wrapped in banana leaf , and he thanked her .
as bourne watched in silence , the priest took a small , plaited bowl filled with holy water and , using a palm leaf switch that he dunked into the water , sprinkled the heads of those in attendance .
seeing a small movement out of the corner of his eye , bourne lunged into the foliage , wrapped his hand around a thin , brown arm , and drew out of the shadows the eldest daughter of the family that owned the warung .
the company 's van that had pulled up to the kebab hollin in city centre early that morning with a delivery of leaf lettuce , pearl onions and scallions was one of many that had fanned out through the city on their daily rounds .
twilight was falling gently as a leaf as she pulled into nogales .
he lay , helpless and bleeding , and watched an ant struggle with a freshly fallen leaf , a new leaf , a luminous green , until moments ago bursting with life .
he lay , helpless and bleeding , and watched an ant struggle with a freshly fallen leaf , a new leaf , a luminous green , until moments ago bursting with life .
the leaf was clearly too big for the ant , but the insect was undeterred , tugging and pulling , dragging the recalcitrant leaf over pebbles and roots , the huge impediments of its world .
the leaf was clearly too big for the ant , but the insect was undeterred , tugging and pulling , dragging the recalcitrant leaf over pebbles and roots , the huge impediments of its world .
still in the shadows of the doorway , she peered out past the driveway and the opel to the woods beyond , but she could see nothing , even though she strained with every ounce of her strength to penetrate the foliage , to spot a sign that bourne was still alive .
she brushed a fragment of leaf off her thigh .
the single leaf is canada .
the maple leaf , david !
drenched , bourne crouched in the foliage 20 feet from the base of a fierce - looking idol halfway down the beach .
bourne raced back through the foliage towards the steps , checking once more before rendezvous , reducing his vulnerability .
jason spun around and retraced the path he had made through the drenched foliage .
the contact approached the foliage ; he was an arm 's length away .
there was a consulate car waiting for her at the kerb , the maple leaf insignia printed on the door .
the maple tree , the maple leaf .
' it 's not paris , not the street with her favourite tree , the maple tree , the maple leaf .
our maple leaf will probably have it sent by train from ottawa to vancouver and then on a slow freighter to hong kong where it 'll get lost in the mailroom .
five minutes later , having beached the small boat , the three men walked through the thick shorefront foliage , suddenly replaced by scrubby trees .
bourne snapped his head back towards the gate , lurching into the nearest foliage .
he waited until the army officer bicycled past , then made his way cautiously , silently through the foliage until he saw the fence .
he pulled the corpse deeper into the foliage , away from the path , and began searching the pockets .
from the three sections he held in his hand he stripped the foliage and reduced the bits of wood into manageable sticks .
the shanghai sedan was far off the airport road , as far off as the assassin could drive it , again concealed by foliage .
he reached the turn in the road and ran faster , jumping over fallen branches other men would not see , slithering through vines and linked foliage others would not anticipate .
three minutes passed , and he had nearly decided it was a waste of time when a man suddenly lurched out of the grass on his right and plunged up into the foliage .
he threaded his way through the dense foliage as fast as he could , making as little noise as he could .
however , as he had done on the primitive outskirts of beijing , he drove the car off the country road deep into a mass of tall grass and foliage .
the dog lunged through the foliage , its teeth bared , the snarls now the throated growls of a kill .
he reached the south leg of the paved drive and , racing across it , dived into the foliage .
the figure darted for the protection of the shrubbery ; it crouched , an immobile but intrusive part of the silhouetted foliage .
the path to the chapel was growing dark , the tall palms and dense foliage above the beach hastening nature 's process by blocking the rays of the setting sun .
he went deeper into the enveloping foliage and continued in the now semidarkness toward the chapel , his pace slow , difficult , the moist branches and vines tangling about his hands and feet .
the guard scrambled away along the vine - tangled precipice and disappeared into the dense foliage beyond .
roared the second commando , grabbing jason 's jacket and racing him to the wall , holding bourne in his arms as they plummeted over the stone surface into the thick foliage .
the soft breezes carried the scents of hibiscus and poinciana across the tropical foliage as a lone fishing boat weaved its way through the reefs with its late - afternoon catch for the inn 's kitchen .
shadows flickered against the dark red and green and yellow foliage ; the hum was the hum of contentment , rising but still quiet crescendos of laughter ; perfectly groomed , perfectly dressed manikins in slow motion , all seemingly waiting for the nocturnal games to begin .
they walked out of the candlelit dining room , past the cascading arc of green foliage into the lobby , towards the bank of elevators .
so the jensens raced beyond the dunes into the underbrush , thrashing at the tangled foliage to find the source of the dreadful , frightening cry .
they crept up the slope through the dense , ensnaring foliage .
mcauliff hurled himself into the air , into the sudden growth of dense foliage that bordered the lawn .
twice along the alley of dense foliage , the man with the weapon commanded him to stop .
as they neared the bivouac area , black men in rags could be seen in the bush , the early dawn light shafting through the dense foliage , intermittently reflecting off the barrels of their weapons .
they were barely visible because of the trees and arcing vines and dense tropical foliage that filled whatever spaces might have been empty with the bright colours of the caribbean .
on the west side of the building , emerging from within and scaling upward into the tangling mass of foliage , were thick black cables .
beyond was the tentacled foliage of the cock pit forest , in shadowed blackness .
he began feeling the soaked foliage , gripping every leaf , every branch , hoping to find his hand scratched , scraped by nettles .
he began feeling the soaked foliage , gripping every leaf , every branch , hoping to find his hand scratched , scraped by nettles .
the beam of light came nearer , dancing , flickering through the impossible foliage .
lawrence raced ahead , his huge body crashing through the foliage , his hands , pulverizing into sudden diagonals everything in their path .
he took long strides , keeping his balance by grabbing the overhanging foliage on the river bank , his eyes straight ahead .
it had a purple heart ribbon with two bronze oak leaf clusters to denote a second and third award of the medal , which matched the scars .
the corpse was facedown in the frozen leaf litter at the base of a tree .
it was the color of dead bracken and leaf litter .
an older man wearing the gold leaf of a major and a medical caduceus stepped out from beneath the long blades .
evan kendrick sat in the back seat of the unmarked state department car staring out of the window at the lush foliage along the potomac .
' three or four kilometers north there are more trees , taller trees , much more foliage to hide in . '
the young palestinian turned to kendrick , who was crouched in the sparse foliage by the hospital wall .
conversely , he could not remain in the foliage opposite the aradous and do nothing ! .
' roughly , it translates as a protected encampment surrounded by rock or dense foliage . '
they both lowered themselves on to the track surrounded by thick trunks and foliage .
the moment came as varak briefly parted the foliage eight feet from the crouching , peering man .
he began searching the grounds again , criss - crossing every foot of woods and foliage within the fenced compound .
a figure had rushed to the right , lurching to the ground behind a particularly thick area of the foliage ... then another !
between the trunks and the lower foliage he could see the startled figures across the road .
the foliage was lush and thick and damp ; trees everywhere rose to heights of twenty , perhaps thirty feet , with heavy vines that appeared to spring from one trunk to another , arms enveloping arms and bodies .
there was lush undergrowth on both sides of the string of amber bulbs and loose wet dirt within that twisted foliage , mud that never knew a dry moment .
the hispanic , waiting to see who would live and who would die yards away in the mist - laden , shadowed foliage , crouched , backing into an amber lamp , smashing it with his foot .
the mexican suddenly grabbed kendrick 's arm and pulled him through the bordering foliage of the path , then pushed his shoulder down , gripping the flesh ; the message was clear : crouch and be still .
suddenly , lashing out and pouncing like an angry cat , emilio shot up , grabbing the rifle and pulling the guard through the foliage .
they included a row of petrol cans and , above , on hooks and suspended between nails , axes , hatchets , scythes , long - handled wire cutters , machetes and telescoped rubber - handled tree clippers - all the tools required to hold back the tropical foliage from its incredibly swift takeover .
hidden in foliage , or braced on a strong lateral tree branch , or perched on a telescoping boom crane , the steel lattice and base hydraulics minimizing any sway .
as he lifted the swarovski dual scope to his eyes , parsing the foliage , angus fielding 's words echoed in his head .
he was a leaf ; whatever fell upon him would drip off like beads of water .
wind whipped the foliage into a torrid fury .
a forest of foliage spread out below as they flew westward toward more trees .
he pushed through the last of the foliage and found his boat .
he quickly extinguished the fire and hid among the foliage .
she timed her approach carefully , both hands empty , swiping the soaked foliage aside , shaking her head to keep her eyes clear , building momentum .
she turned back and , through the foliage , spotted men bursting out of doors and off the porches .
a narrow drive blocked by a chain and a large keep out sign wound uphill between gold - leafed aspens , oak trees covered in copper - red foliage , and towering evergreens .
he had raced northward , across the road , into a denser , drier section of the wooded hill and repeated the action , lighting a larger pile of dried foliage next to a dead chestnut tree .
vasili spun around , peering up into the dense foliage .
suddenly , the beam of light shot upward , dancing briefly in the higher regions of the thinning trunks , then plummeted down , the glow stationary , dulled by the foliage on the ground .
leaving the door open , bray crossed to a counter and picked up a lettuce leaf .
scofield folded the scrap of yellow paper into the leaf of lettuce and put it in his pocket .
there were no floodlights at the fountain or sounds of disturbance as a man crawled around the rocks and walked silently through the foliage .
dropping the cigarettes , he gripped the man 's throat with his left hand , choking off all sound , propelling the guard off the path , over the bordering rocks into the dense foliage beyond .
they started running through the tunnel of foliage , mist from the arcs of water joining the sweat on their faces .
with seven he was able to wedge them between the spikes of the wroughtiron fence beyond the sightlines of the lean - tos , pushing them into the foliage with the snake .
the eighth explosion came from below , at the base of the hill , the charge so filled with heat that the surrounding foliage burst into flames .
the ' padrone , '' a man in his early forties , dashed into the small sanctuary , immediately pressing the unfolded map against the spidery foliage ; he took out a red felt marker from his raincoat pocket and circled a wide area .
uninhabited ; questionable foliage ; no long - range human habitation considered .
he started to his right , walking cautiously over the rocky shoreline , constantly peering into the heavy foliage on his left .
like scrambling infantrymen in a jungle , with beowulf agate in the lead , the two men raced through the heavy foliage on the barely discernible path .
as if on cue , he heard the sound of rustling foliage as beowulf agate broke through the palm leaves , his wife , antonia , behind him .
she rose and ran into the heavy foliage .
he came within two feet of antonia , and the moment he did so , she stepped out of the foliage , shoved the short barrel of the uzi into his back , and whispered , ` ` you utter a sound and you 'll sleep with the fishes , i believe is the expression .
` ` here 's another on his hands and knees , '' added antonia , crawling with her captive out of the foliage .
they had turned off the scenic route onto a wide dirt road cut out of a forest , huge trees flanking them , eliminating any view but thick trunks , climbing vines , and dense foliage , an underbrush that seemed impenetrable .
creeping through the foliage , the estate 's manicured lawn only feet away , scofield came into view .
cameron dragged her off the porch and placed her unconscious body to the right of the foliage , out of sight .
this time it was scofield who walked out of the thick foliage , his silenced pistol in the porch 's light .
every square inch was covered with bits of perfectly placed semiprecious stones and glazed tiles , many with gold leaf .
he 'd spent the weekend in an old hunting cabin near the small town of leaf , up in greene county , at the edge of the de soto national forest .
my mother and hank are camping somewhere in maine , watching the foliage turn green .
he 'd studied the tobacco leaf and a thousand ways to grow it more efficiently .
in 1969 , he completed a three - year , in - house study on the feasibility of growing an experimental tobacco leaf known only as raleigh 4 .
u - tab could not afford to produce a leaf with markedly lower nicotine , because nicotine meant profits .
production of that leaf was totally impractical .
it was too early , but in less than an hour the lawns would be busy with leaf rakers and the sidewalks busy with children .
the night was clear and the moon , three - quarters of it , shone brightly on the still foliage around him .
passersby would stop and marvel at the volumes bound in crimson morocco leather with raised bands on the spine and hand - applied gold leaf .
not only was his clothing already soiled and torn from making his way through the dense foliage , but his very appearance limited his escape options , if escape ever became necessary .
the epidermal tissue was a dark green , the leaf walls full of glucose .
a short stem projected from the center and probably acted as a photosynthetic surface because of the limited leaf space .
he stuffed the leaf in his mouth and chewed .
like leaf . ''
stephanie still held the candle wrapped with gold leaf .
dewitt reported a green flash visible through the foliage , which was normally indicative of a fueltank explosion on the forest floor .
her eyes closed , and her head hanging like a leaf about to fall .
there 's more foliage in the declivity on the far side of the rise even a little ribbon of creek , presumably on its way to the river jack can hear in the distance but it still looks more like northern nevada than western wisconsin .
there had been a great big barbecue pit in the center of la follette park down by the river , tended by women in grass skirts and men wearing loud shirts covered with birds and tropical foliage .
trees in full summer leaf crowd close to the road on either side .
around it , the trees with their new foliage danced sinuously in the unseen current of that river of wind .
it was another windy , overcast day ; a leaf from the gum tree whirled past .
i realized as a leaf gusted in that it was beginning to rain again outside .
next , he strung a length of detonation cord to the leaf springs behind the front tire and affixed a chemical detonator .
a gold aspen leaf fell on the windshield wiper , twitched for a moment until a breeze pushed it up the glass and airborne again .
she peeked out the vestibule through the chokeberries ' foliage , bright as pyrotechnics in the dismal dawn .
i cut off the jeep and opened the door to the grating whine of a leaf blower .
near pittsboro , 64 crosses the enormous lake jordan , its banks bright with burning foliage .
cole pushed another leaf into the water and they watched the current take it .
cole offered a leaf , and jack sent another golden ship to its death .
there etched in a gold leaf was the vessel 's name : caroline .
i reached to prevent myself being slapped in the face by a thick green leaf the size of a banjo and saw a bloody handprint on it .
they had a high - walled garden , and , despite the trees , bushes , and foliage in full bloom , parts of it were visible from my schoolroom window , so i could see the dawson girls outside .
ahead of me i saw a dark shape in the foliage , crashing through it with as little grace as i was .
moving onwards , more and more of the foliage was blackened , broken or trampled down .
the old man 's voice was as dry as a dead leaf .
the loire flowed at an easy pace , the banks of its brown waters crowded with trees in new leaf .
her cell was vast , the size of a banqueting hall - a large banqueting hall over which hung the pall of death and decay , with rippling mist and what looked like patches of foliage among the pillars , as though the outside was intruding , one day to claim it in full .
they 'd scraped every leaf in the park for evidence .
he has the purple heart and the oak leaf with clusters .
` ` you always say that , '' one of the cows said and spit cud onto a cabbage leaf as a stillborn calf fell from between its legs and puddled by its hoofs .
as i stared at the frozen panes , dark leaf silhouettes pressed flat against the glass , then snapped back into the darkness as the poplar tree outside bowed in the wind .
broussard lifted a red leaf off the green grass with the toe of his shoe .
and i 'd be left to wonder how karen nichols would have sounded in the newly minted briskness if she 'd held on long enough for the heat to end and a leaf to fall .
gabby sat in a pile of leaves , arms stretched wide as if posing for the top of a trophy , her megawatt smile as big as the leaf pile .
at the top of the stairs he led them down a corridor and then stopped outside a frosted glass door with the words bpd commissioner stenciled in gold leaf .
peters strode inside and immediately spied a man with a major 's oak leaf cluster by the staircase leading up to the orderly room .
the stringers and the handers - all the baseball boys with the surgical tape on their fingers - would place a stick in the rack and begin tying the leaves to the sticks with twine until the leaf bunches hung from one end of the tobacco stick to the other .
every night i was oppressed by a slow fever , and i became nervous to a most painful degree ; the fall of a leaf startled me , and i shunned my fellow - creatures as if i had been guilty of a crime .
i gradually saw plainly the clear stream that supplied me with drink , and the trees that shaded me with their foliage .
look at that castle which overhangs yon precipice ; and that also on the island , almost concealed amongst the foliage of those lovely trees ; and now that group of labourers coming from among their vines ; and that village half hid in the recess of the mountain .
mortimer grunted in agreement , his attention on the small , green , numbered markers among the foliage on the side of the road .
it was still early summer up here , the foliage not fully formed , so there were little gaps here and there causing a peekaboo effect that would n't be there in another couple of weeks .
he 'd leaped over the railing and run down through the sloping hill of vines and foliage to the road , then continued past her villa and down to the next road so that he could come up the lane in front of her as if their meeting was accidental .
bending , anders caught her ankle and stepped back , dragging her out from under the foliage .
he caught a flash of movement -- heard the quick rush of footsteps flying over leaf - strewn ground -- in the instant before the tree root detonated .
sylvia 's gown today was misty leaf green , and her hair rippled in shimmering waves over her shoulders .
the thin material stuck indecently close in places , but the earl , never one to suffer the strain of modesty under any circumstances , clearly did n't give a fig , or a fig leaf .
alexia pressed the appropriate lotus leaf , and the tip of her parasol opened to reveal a dart emitter .
he flipped the lid and offered the leaf about .
the templars , having concluded their activities , disappeared back into the foliage of boboli gardens with an air of hauteur .
' verence got them to put extra gold leaf on it .
the wind roared in when the doors were opened , swirling twigs and rain and granny weatherwax , blown like a leaf .
without even bothering to see if it was in use , she aimed her parasol and pulled down on the appropriate lotus leaf in the handle , activating the magnetic disruptor emitter .
my boyfriend had just reached up and snatched a baseball - traveling quite possibly over a hundred miles an hour - out of the air , with one quick glance , barehanded , like it was no more of an effort than plucking a falling maple leaf .
he helped me stand and as we opened the elaborate door handle of the marble and gold leaf decorated room i 'd just spewed in , alanna stepped into the doorway with teren 's grandmother , imogen , right behind her , cringing a bit in the too bright for her sunlight .
she opened the top of the pot and checked the leaf .
dead tree forest , as i called it , was a two - acre undeveloped property with thick brush and foliage surrounding an inner layer of decay .
the foliage blocked out much of the streetlight and i could barely see the skinny trees before me .
and gary was lifted toward it like a leaf on the wind .
it circled the vast forest area , high above the canopy of foliage , then took off as if shot from a bow .
she bent to touch a leaf , battered and bruised by the pounding storm .
he took a step through the thick foliage , his rifle cradled in his arms .
each leaf on every tree gleamed a vivid silver , bathed in the light of the moon , but aidan had long ago lost his ability to see in color .
within minutes foliage sprang up everywhere around her . ''
the female leopard glanced back once enticingly , then was gone , running lightly through the forest , blending in with the foliage .
it was barely discernible , the rub of fur against a leaf , but it was enough to elicit a frustrated groan from julian .
a second attack on the foliage below and syndil 's soft cry spurred him back toward the mountain .
natalya crept stealthily through the thick foliage to get a better view of what was happening .
she found herself straining to see through the foliage around her father .
the richness of the trees and foliage beckoned .
sasha was hurt ; she could feel the pain and anger in the cat as she dragged herself through the foliage back toward the bus and her human companions .
thick foliage and trees protected the entire side of the house .
dense foliage mostly obscured the front of the house , but the upper stories rose above the trees .
lucian waited until the face swam into view through the thick foliage .
the way the wind blew through foliage .
the sun tried valiantly to bathe the mountains with light , striving to reach through the heavy foliage to the ground below .
at once the wind picked up , the storm increasing in strength , becoming violent , hurtling branches and foliage in all directions .
the darkness was nearly inpenetrable beneath the heavy canopy of foliage overhead .
` ` damn , damn , damn , '' she muttered and pushed herself up from the bed of foliage she was lying on .
she ran as quickly as possible , threading her way through the leaves and foliage .
she sat down , lifted her face to catch the mistlike drops that managed to work through the thick foliage overhead .
he streaked through the trees , staying below the canopy , using the protection of the foliage while he acclimated himself to his new sight .
when he was absolutely certain they were alone , with no one near them for miles , he began to make his way toward her , using the foliage for cover .
the structure was difficult to see through all the foliage .
every kind of plant climbed the trunks of the trees and twisted around branches , creating a jungle of foliage .
no stone rolled beneath his feet ; not a single twig snapped or leaf crackled .
he needed the shelter of the twisted limbs and heavy foliage to block the light .
a margay shrank deeper into the foliage of a tall kapok tree , its large eyes fixed on prey .
the foliage was soaked in blood and there was more on the ground .
her head was down , but she looked lethal , a flow of spots sliding in and out of the foliage so stealthily that at times , even with the eagle 's extraordinary eyesight , it was difficult to spot her against the vegetation of the forest floor .
her heart beat loud , too loud , as she left the safety of the foliage and took to the trees once more .
solange was waiting , intent on getting a clear shot through the dense foliage .
of course then they might be hidden in the foliage , staring with their giant eyes just like everything else in the rain forest seemed to be doing .
beneath the cat , a man emerged from the heavier foliage and lifted his hands in the air .
` ` i have destroyed the jaguar and mage as well , and cleaned up the mess the vampire 's blood caused in the soil and on the trees and foliage , so i am coming up . ''
bushes were thin there , but he had managed to secrete himself in the sparse vegetation without touching a single leaf .
not a single leaf or blade of grass withered .
zacarias sent the wind , but the leaf creatures were n't in the least affected , holding their own against the blast .
marguarita took a deep breath as the leaf figures attacked , swinging at zacarias , slicing through skin and bone as he whirled in the center among them , using every available means to keep them at bay .
fortunately the leaf litter was wet and not crackly .
she picked up a leaf in fingers that seemed clumsy , put it down , patted the ground .
bits of damp leaf and crumbs of soil were clinging to elena 's hair .
not much , a partial track , a twisted leaf , a snapped twig ; once he found a cigarette butt .
a bruised leaf a few feet away convinced her ginny had come this way .
she did n't turn her head , just watched out the window until the giant bird had disappeared behind the foliage of the trees .
he landed in the tree with the thickest foliage and the most interwoven branches .
the droplets fell , dark and ugly with acid , hissing as they burned through the trees and foliage on the ground , withering every plant in their path and burrowing deep into the earth , infecting the very soil with poison .
slivers drove through the bushes and foliage , seeking targets , hoping to find rafael should he be hidden there .
` ` if you keep standing there with wet clothes , shaking like a leaf , i am carrying you up to your bath and putting you in it myself , '' byron said .
i ' m aware of every bush , leaf , and creature , the way my body flows together , the way my legs carry me up the hill .
jenks dusted off a leaf and sat down .
i watched , fascinated , as he fell asleep amid the scent of bay leaf and lilac .
the leaves would shiver at every gust , making me freeze or dart deeper into the foliage .
` ` but i ' ve heard the vein that runs the stem of a bay leaf is strong enough for fairies and pixies .
the foliage beside my hand shattered .
dark lashes shuttered her spring - leaf green gaze almost anxiously in the instant before her attention flicked away from him , leaving him to wonder if on some instinctual level the female sensed he was more than he appeared beneath his conservative suit and cashmere coat .
up ahead , the concrete - block building was a forbidding stronghold , all but obscured by dark foliage and tangled vines .
i smiled and plucked a leaf from the nearby eucalyptus branch that draped over the railing , then flicked the leaf skyward from the stem , watching it twirl all the way to the ground .
i smiled and plucked a leaf from the nearby eucalyptus branch that draped over the railing , then flicked the leaf skyward from the stem , watching it twirl all the way to the ground .
ash , splinters , and leaf rained around the three women .
i blew out a breath and struggled on , only to slip on a bit of rotten leaf matter and come down hard on my knees .
the bullet crashed past the tip of my ear and exploded into a nearby sapling , sending leaf and branch matter flying .
i threw myself down , sending leaf matter and dirt flying as the bullets burned over my right shoulder and pinged into a nearby trunk .
no ground , no leaf matter .
huge planters full of dark green foliage that could flourish in the dimmer light surrounded them to give a measure of privacy that the large open floor plan lacked .
i pluck a crusty leaf out and flick it to the dirt .
he plucks a leaf out of his hair , avoiding my gaze .
in a heartbeat , i ' m gone , blowing in the wind like a helpless leaf heading to the unknown .
evan moves his finger to his other arm and begins outlining a jagged , golden leaf mark on his skin .
as i fumed on the ground , there was a rustling , and a dead leaf fluttered down .
taking that as permission , i sullenly got to my feet , brushing the sticks and leaf mold off .
making a sour face , i teased out another antiseptic wipe and carefully dabbed his scrape to pick out a leaf chip .
i sneezed the dirt and leaf mold out of my nose , whining when my entire body spasmed in pain .
a leaf fluttered down , and i prayed nick did n't wake .
his hands were swollen and there was a soft sheen of moisture on some of the burns as they oozed , bits of leaf chips stuck to them .
he did n't know ivy and i had had a blood tryst , and though i did n't give a fig leaf what the bastard thought , i was guiltily glad that the collar of my jacket made it hard to see my tiny stitches .
the chatter about nothing lured me into a better mood , and , relaxing , i fixed two plates of pasta in white sauce while ceri made herself tea with the special leaf she kept over here .
` ` i 'd be in an air - conditioned g - iv , '' she said , slashing her hand like a machete through the thick , green foliage .
shards of sunlight gradually returned , winking in and out between clouds and foliage , illuminating a treacherous path of trees , dirt and rocks .
familiar scents drifted to her nostrils : dewy foliage , orchids , and recent rain .
this place did not offer the lush , green foliage of his home , yet new york was beguiling and lovely in its own right .
there was a dusky glow over the breath - takingly lush green foliage and stunning array of colorful blossoms .
he tossed the red canister to the ground and jerked teira through the thick foliage .
no foliage grew here , for no living thing could thrive among the destruction and decay .
firming her grip with one hand , she activated the magnetic disruption emitter with the other by pulling down on the appropriate lotus leaf in the handle .
she took her parasol firmly in hand , raised it high above her head , and activated the magnetic disruption emitter by pulling down on the appropriate lotus leaf in the handle with her thumb .
lady maccon raised her parasol and pulled at the special lotus leaf in the handle , activating the magnetic disruption emitter .
elegant greek urns held massive arrangements of flowers - pale cream roses with pink edges and long leaf ferns .
none of them had too much in the way of foliage even in late summer , but they certainly had a lot of little branches .
the sharp silver blade hacked at the thick foliage blocking his path .
but as he bent to gather the first leaf , a whiz sounded next to his ear , followed by a sulfur - scented wind and taunting laughter .
bits of bark and foliage continued to fall from the sky .
dew sparked like diamonds atop the brilliant green foliage .
finally she collapsed atop a soft bed of foliage .
the air boasted summer scents , dewy foliage and blooming flowers .
marina , queen of the demons , studied the vast expanse of the forest , her extraordinary gaze cutting through thick foliage and mounds of dirt and rocks .
he lay on a soft bed of foliage .
using a large , firm leaf as a plate , she scooped some of the fish on top , and handed it to gray .
she filled a leaf for herself , sat back and nibbled on the burned flakes .
going pale , she set her leaf aside .
jewel burned their leaf plates , spread the ashes and embers with a stick .
he flipped her over , sucking in a breath of salt , foliage and aroused woman , and meshed his lips against hers .
he caught sight of them only once , their white - blond hair whipping past the foliage .
nora pleaded with her eyes , sheer panic making her tremble like a leaf in her captor 's hard grasp .
based on the leafy summer foliage of the surrounding trees , the image could n't be more than a few weeks old .
forcing her mind on other things , she studied the twisted , gnarled trunks of the trees all around them , trees totally lacking in foliage despite the fact that it was only early september .
there were candles lit inside , but as darius and his protege tarried amid an outcropping of foliage , there were no overt signs of life : no figures walked past the windows .
standing before the great trunk , underneath the red - and - gold leaf cover , he surveyed the landscape with his razor - sharp senses .
stefan , her love stefan , his leaf - green eyes shining at the sight of her , was gorgeous with his classical profile and that sweet little kissable curve to his bottom lip .
in between rolling hills and mounds of rocks , acres of dark pink flowers grew , their vibrant green foliage waving in the breeze .
with just the sound of the hooves and the sight of the moon peeking through the dense foliage , it felt like we were riding into a dream .
through the mesh of leaf , i could make out a figure that came out on the high porch of the second floor .
tiny drops striking the marble floor , the fall of a single leaf .
i turned and saw it , curled and rocking on the stones , this tiny leaf .
he held his sunglasses loosely in one hand , and his leaf green eyes caught hers with a gaze of pure love .
sometimes , when he 's quiet , i catch a strange look in his leaf green eyes , like there 's someone i do n't know in there .
his leaf green eyes were clear and ful of anxiety and love , and elena felt a pang of regret as she tugged her arm gently out of his grasp .
stefan 's leaf green eyes beseeched her , and elena had to steel herself to keep from crying .
` ` uh , hit that leaf fluttering ahead of the boat . ''
in a rare patch of stone still uncovered by foliage , she spied a carving depicting a triangle of gold gleaming in a woman 's uplifted palms .
pain hit , but it might as well have been a leaf tossed on the wind , my anger was so strong .
it 's freezing out here , and you 're shaking like a leaf . ''
it opened like a tiny leaf unfolding out of a seed , got bigger until it surrounded her .
every delicate leaf and tiny thorn was perfect .
they changed from honey to mahogany to jungle - leaf green to larkspur purple to misty blue .
olivia clutched her sweatshirt around her and looked down at the leaf - covered grass .
` ` what are -- '' ivy held up a red leaf .
ivy threw the leaf away and bent down to pick up another and then another .
she mumbled , ` ` i did n't want anyone to disturb my leaf sampling . ''
ivy silently studied the leaf in her hands for a long moment .
for example , i had to pluck thirteen fresh mint leaves off one of her plants , dropping each leaf in one at a time while counting them off in greek .
he exclaimed , then sighed , sitting back on the table with his case in front of him like a fig leaf .
telling herself she had things to do and needed to go , she stayed motionless among the foliage of the tropical plants .
those bare feet pressing precisely into the earth , disturbing no undergrowth , her body flowing through it , letting the foliage pass across her bare skin , branches leaving tiny red scrapes that would vanish in a blink ?
he 'd just returned from the woods , and a few scraps of wet leaf clung to the side of his boot .
she snapped off another leaf , ignored the prick of a thorn .
` ` plants of every type ; herb , root , and leaf .
made him see the descent of the falling leaf in greater detail ?
he turned around and reached up into the lemon tree and broke off a single fragrant leaf .
stiff foliage of the monterey cypress .
they had the vibrant power of primitive painting with their myriad tiny bits of fabric sewn so carefully to create the detail of cascading water or falling leaf .
mammoth , indifferent , soaring hundreds of feet before their somber lacy foliage closed on the frayed margin of sky .
she could see red hair when she looked down , red hair in long curling tangles , full of bits of leaf and earth ... ... ` ` can you hear me , honey ?
the redwood forest receded into shadow ; not a leaf moved .
damon had to control himself or he would have laughed ; it was so much like a kitten stalking an autumn leaf .
a dried leaf floated from her hair .
her feet flew out from under her on mil ennia of leaf mold and she skidded on her rear end for maybe three feet , before she could dig her fingers and feet in and stop .
this was simply a grand oak tree trunk sitting in a sort of fairy circle - perhaps twenty feet in diameter on which no dead leaf had strayed .
like a summer leaf held up before the sun .
green eyes , leaf green , a color like a leaf held up to sunlight ...
green eyes , leaf green , a color like a leaf held up to sunlight ...
half a leaf , maybe .
still , she felt excited that it was springtime and every golden - green leaf , every springy little reed , every weightless white cloud seemed to be rejoicing with her .
a dead oak leaf like a withered brown hand skittered up to her foot , but there was no answer .
indeed , even in this icy rain , the dark rich foliage of the giant magnolias and the evergreen oaks seemed to make the world more cheerful and bearable .
it seemed very charming to me , but mostly on account of the sweet warmth of the air around me , and the bit of jungle creeping down around the structure , with its inevitable snaggle of banana leaf and queen 's wreath vine .
for hours , i wandered in a great circle through the dense jungle , carefree and strong as i moved through impassable foliage , as i climbed over the high fantastical roots of the rain trees , as i stood still here and there to listen to the deep tangled chorus of the savage night .
about an hour before dawn i came upon an ancient temple- a great rectangle of pitted stone - so overgrown with vines , and other rankled foliage that it was perhaps altogether invisible even to mortals who might pass a few feet away .
hidden by lush , dewy foliage , layel watched as the dragon army marched through the detestably named forest of dragons .
right now he hovered in a tree , concealed by branches and thick green foliage , looking down at delilah 's team .
she broke through the foliage and at last reached the glistening sand .
we lost another member of our team this morning , '' nola said , handing her a thick green leaf topped with blackened meat .
eyes wide , she balanced the leaf on her knees .
but he gathered a leaf and meat and sat as far away from her as possible .
those words echoed in her mind , and delilah pushed to her feet , leaf tumbling to the ground unnoticed .
water lapped at the edges of a beach , white sand stretching into thick , emerald foliage .
absent - mindedly , vimes pulled a half - cooked leaf off his helmet and flicked it away .
he continued pulling vines and frozen foliage , parting them and peering into the shadows until he was next to the exact place kahli was hiding .
he set her down in a leaf - strewn alcove between two towering pines .
he nodded , plucked a leaf from the mass of vegetation , and tore it into pieces .
the sky itself was nothing but bits and pieces thanks to the canopy of foliage above me .
my eyes fell to my feet and the crushed remains of a leaf the wind had dropped here .
three separate batches of the yew and lemon mix were already waiting , and leaving them where they sat , i dumped the wine into the mortar already holding the snipped bits of holly leaf i 'd taken from ivy 's christmas centerpiece earlier .
` ` i did have a guy friend , '' i snapped , my hair swinging as i dropped the ivy roots and a holly leaf into the mortar and started grinding .
edden was silent , and i let him stew while i dropped another leaf of holly and some ivy roots into the mortar and started working them over .
once he laid mariketa on the bed of thick foliage , the light rain began to wash away the blood on her face and smoothed her hair back from her pointed ears .
this seemed to suit macrieve fine as he took every excuse to touch her , wiping away a bead of sweat from her cheek or brushing a leaf from her hair .
especially not because he removed some foliage from her way .
he seemed to await something , and when it plainly did n't happen as he 'd expected , he tore at the ivy , trying to bury her in foliage .
i wiped the rest of it on a wide leaf .
i reach down and brush a leaf off one poor little bud .
it 's sort of waxy , like a leaf .
dimly through the dense green foliage i could see both of them now in a cavernous lighted room - maharet with her arms around khayman , khayman with his face in his hands .
he was peering through the foliage trying to make me out .
it hurled me hundreds of yards , slamming me into one crackling tangle of foliage after another until finally i fell against the broad red trunk of an immense tree .
by the time gregory reached the top floor and walked into the vast dimly lighted space , a conference table had been arranged by bringing lots of smaller square tables , each covered in gold leaf , to form one great glittering rectangle with chairs up one side and down the other .
the frail little paper bird tumbled in the wind like a pale leaf , flying out into the night and toward the towers of manhattan , which cut the darkness like glittering knives .
two weeks after their first post they met in the coffee bean and tea leaf on larchmont .
by now she could recite the first paragraph : < br/ > chastity made a growling noise before saying , ` ` sufficient neighbor signatures from ... any house with direct line of sight with or without foliage . ''
he is the spirit of an ever - changing mountain , whose trees grow , leaf , and fall , whose waterfalls break rocks from boulders and , washing them into streams , alter their courses .
she scanned the bright emerald foliage around her .
finally , he reached a clearing , foliage surrounding him , hiding him from prying eyes .
she plucked a leaf from the tree , crumpled it in her hand and dropped the pieces .
they broke through a tangle of foliage and what could only be a bathing pool came into view .
he waited , but no one stepped from the trees , and not a single leaf swayed from nearby motion .
he put his hands in his trouser pockets and walked alongside me as we continued into the woods , peering up at the constellations that winked through the leaf - bare branches overhead .
i pushed my way through the foliage and into a heavily wooded backyard .
` ` none taken , '' he said , as we stalked to the front door , using the dense foliage as coverage .
cassandra raced to catch up , ghosting between the trees as a pale gray shadow , seen only briefly as she flashed through patches of moonlight that filtered through the canopy of foliage .
there was a mint leaf in the iced tea , and a slice of lemon .
the ground shook as though thousands of horses thundered across it ; and this time the storm bore on its icy wings , not snow , but great hailstones which drove with such violence that they might have come from the thongs of balearic slingers - hailstones that beat down leaf and branch and made the shelter of the cypresses of no more avail than though their stems were standing - corn .
sometimes a leaf crunched .
first , he took a close - up shot of the blossom , then he pinched off a dead leaf and felt its edges to see if it was moist , just as their mother used to .
29 october 27 , 3:19 a.m. , cet ettal , germany hidden on a forested hilltop overlooking the abbey , bathory lay on her stomach in a bower of leaf litter , letting the cold damp soothe the fury smoldering inside her at the sight of rhun korza .
she gathered all of the strigoi forces out of the sands of the holy lands - a small army - and hunkered them down here in loam and leaf .
` ` arella ... '' he slowed the pace of the boat and let it drift through the mists on its own , as undirected as a leaf .
it was a picture of an alder leaf , along with a diagram of its roots and stems .
the block held a fragile brown leaf suspended inside , protected across the centuries by the glass .
but this simple leaf had ended the best century of his long life - the one that he shared with her .
this night , after her breaths slowed to sleep , he disentangled himself from her embrace and rose to pick up the single leaf that lay at the edge of the fire .
the leaf felt supple under his fingertips .
he lifted the leaf .
he lifted the leaf again , matching her anger .
he listened to each leaf crumble under their boots , the soft hush of owl wings overhead , the scurry of a mouse into its hole .
hanging in the center of the crystal was a brown leaf .
` ` the leaf .
` ` okay , '' she mutters , placing a red and green leaf in the center of our circle .
ice crystals spread out from my palm , climbing higher and higher into the maple , zipping from one branch , one leaf , to the next .
the next thing fletcher set on the counter was a half pound hamburger dripping with mayonnaise and piled high with smoked swiss cheese , sweet butter - leaf lettuce , a juicy tomato slice , and a thick slab of red onion .
rows of rakes and leaf blowers hung on the makeshift peg - board walls , and the whole area reeked of fertilizer .
a couple of weeks ago , the fall foliage would have been magnificent .
white marble coated the floors like glossy varnish , while gold and bronze leaf glittered on the ornate cathedral ceilings a hundred feet above my head .
gold and silver leaf glinted in elaborate patterns on the ceiling , while several chandeliers dropped down from it and glistened like jewel - colored dewdrops above a polished ebony table .
a half - pound hamburger dripping with mayonnaise and piled high with smoked swiss cheese , sweet butter - leaf lettuce , a juicy tomato slice , and a thick slab of red onion .
the giant 's bullets pinged off my body and rattled away into the woods , burying themselves in the leafy foliage .
a gray stone path zoomed from the door straight to the gardens before splitting into three separate branches that plunged even deeper into the dark foliage , like a pitchfork stabbing into the shadows .
unfortunately , the foliage stopped short of the bridge , leaving about ten feet of dead space and plenty of chance for the giants to see my approach .
every once in a while , the bright beam of a flashlight would cut across the foliage above our heads , making owen and me duck down further in the shadows .
he 'd camouflaged himself well too , his gray t - shirt and khaki pants blending into the muted colors of the rocks and foliage .
birds perched among the foliage like glittering jewels .
real kava root , and pine - leaf geebung , and a half dozen other things .
i had done a shabby job grinding the oak and instead of fine powder a few leaf sections floated on the surface .
i thought he 'd go for a leaf blade , but he ignored it and his fingers strayed toward bor instead .
not a single leaf shivered on the old oak in the yard , its branches dripping midnight gloom onto the grass .
i had this absurd feeling my tongue had shriveled up and dried out like a dead leaf .
every part of the tree is medicinal , every leaf is precious .
the smile lasted only a moment , gone like a leaf blown by the breeze , but she had seen it .
i swallowed and nodded , watching a leaf dance on the surface of the water .
` ` some vamps use silver caps against weres , but the leaf is better .
while i stood there with my mouth open , she busied herself covering my chest , arms , and neck with more of the leaf .
like how wrapping a small bit of skunk cabbage in a bay leaf on sunday promotes good luck .
high above , the ceiling was painted blue with silver leaf constellations .
valva forged ahead through the dense foliage until she finally parted two huge elephant ears to reveal an open - air throne room of sorts .
strange orange plants grew among the debris , each a thin stalk terminating in a single triangular leaf .
andrea glanced to where a man in a camo suit did his best to blend with the foliage .
my throat was so dry , my tongue turned into a dry leaf in my mouth .
i palmed a knife and scanned the surrounding foliage , in case another team was lurking around , but everything was quiet .
no one near the casket could see me in the foliage of the tree , being so far away , but they could see him if they happened to look this way .
he reeked like a potent mix of satisfaction laced with heavy aggression , and it blew into my nose like a leaf blower aimed straight at my face .
there were trees everywhere , all heavy with fall foliage .
he reveled in the sting of the wind against his face , the feel of the earth beneath his feet , the rich fragrance of flowers and foliage , the heady smell of life itself .
with preternatural speed , he made his way out of the village toward a heavily wooded area , searching until he found a small cave that was cut into the side of a hill and hidden behind a tangled mass of shrubbery and foliage .
she could hear the tiny black beetle crawling on a leaf to her left , see clearly though the sky was dark and overcast , smell the grass and the dirt and the trees .
the pages were edged in gold leaf ; the drawings that accompanied the words were breathtaking .
a warm breeze , carrying the fecund scent of earth and foliage , rustled the leaves of the trees .
she saw things more clearly - each individual leaf on the trees in front of her , each blade of grass beneath her feet , each rock , the cricket chirping on top of the rock .
even the air seemed to smell different , fragrant with the scent of foliage and earth and meadow .
she did n't feel anything , but maybe if she stood among the trees and surrounded herself with the foliage , she would feel it .
the moon was no longer visible through thick foliage .
but only an orange leaf rained down .
a dead leaf .
the tall trees with beautifully colored fall foliage , the vast grassy fields with cattle and silos , the coast line with the crashing waves and rocky boarder .
she was shaking like a leaf and it was n't just from the dream but also the cold that continued to permeate her bones .
she had lost all color in her face , and she was shaking like a leaf , but she was still seeking to comfort him .
devon tried to extricate himself from marcy 's arms , but she was laughing happily , her leaf green eyes twinkling merrily as she grabbed his ass .
marcy shrugged a dainty shoulder , her leaf green eyes scanning them .
her leaf green eyes narrowed , but it was obvious that she was not moving .
marcy exploded , her leaf colored eyes narrowing fiercely .
no , she was not a coward , but she was shaking like a leaf .
her leaf green eyes were bright and enthusiastic as she grinned up at cassie , her pretty face aglow in the light coming from the restaurant .
she was shaking , trembling like a leaf as the lingering effects of his gaze coursed through her .
she smiled brightly back at him , her leaf green eyes twinkling merrily .
she frowned at him , her leaf colored eyes narrowing slightly .
she glanced back at him ; his eyes had turned a dark leaf green color , the tight clench of his jaw looked painful .
reaching the woods , she darted into the thick foliage , using her hands to deflect the branches and twigs that slapped at her .
she slipped easily through the forest , sticking to the trees , remaining hidden amongst their thick foliage as she darted from limb to limb .
aria climbed higher , burying herself within the thick foliage .
her heart was thumping so loudly that she was certain they would hear it , certain that they would look up and spot them within the foliage of the tree .
braith ran his hands over her hair , trying to soothe her , but failing as she continued to shake like a leaf against him .
despite the heavy heat of the summer night and the crush of people , the ballroom was fairly comfortable , and the reason was immediately evident : a row of six french doors had been opened to the garden , and an entire company of servants had been positioned throughout the room with large , palm - leaf fans , which they conducted vigorously .
perhaps there was no threat at all , and it had been merely a hedgehog or hare that bounded through the foliage .
she swept to her feet and , as she spun around , caught sight of something in the dark foliage behind her .
nothing was there but flattened bushes and broken twigs - both from her own tumble into the foliage and whoever had been watching .
in the shadows victoria could see that the walls were overgrown with foliage , sprouting tall plants and grasses along the top and from the sides .
he was still on the phone with greta when he noticed a leaf , blowing in the wind , stop in midair for several seconds before flying away again .
ashe could see well enough in the moonlight ; colors were n't visible to him , but he knew the barest tips of green grass were showing through the dead foliage on the ground and tiny , new leaves were out on the oak in which he sat .
killien was a master artist and his workshop turned out paintings , sculptures and worked gold leaf for plaster columns and other architectural elements .
` ` you ca n't get past the barrier , baby face , '' gren continued to taunt toff as he closed the distance between them , their labored steps crunching through dead , crisp foliage .
there , toff found the most wondrous garden - it was lit with solar lamps and multitudes of plants and foliage grew inside , all of it lush and full .
you 'll be covered in dust and leaf bits when you 're done . ''
roff lifted toff easily , as if he were light as a leaf , leapt into the sky and unfurled his wings with a snap , beating them in a steady rhythm as they flew over casino city .
i bend down and pluck a round leaf , delicate and a little fuzzy , but it tastes bitter .
i notice each leaf of the trees in shadow , i hear the tiniest sounds distinctly .
i noticed a leaf of lettuce sticking halfway out of one , while the other seemed to be leaking a bit of ketchup .
kaz glanced at me as he chopped at the foliage - though he only tended to cut away things up to his own height of four feet , leaving the rest of us to get branches in our faces .
he takes the tiny maple leaf flag from my hands and carefully pins it to the pocket of my backpack .
la is enjoying another summer heat wave , and since the saplings we ' ve planted amount to tal sticks with very little foliage , there 's zero shade in this yard .
at the high back wal of the property , a man trims a flowering shrub to picture - perfect roundness - not one blossom , stem or leaf outside of the visual sphere .
after i cleaned them , i put one in the pot and i put one on a palm leaf and carefully roasted it , sprinkling it with sea salt .
before i could get out of there myself , i was tossed from his dreamscape like a leaf in a high wind .
there , amongst the green beet foliage , a raft of shiny new mushroom heads is poking up , all purple and glossy .
they even made the workers keep the uniforms , only with a leaf pinned where the corporate logo used to be .
scrappage - material broken into scrap mucronate - having an abruptly projecting point , like a leaf or a feather frequentation - the act of frequenting tony 's mother drops by the kitchen twelve times in the first hour .
i observed the brilliant colors of the foliage and proceeded toward the football field .
` ` definitely , '' i answered , still taking unfocused pictures of the green foliage mixed with hints of red and orange .
i removed the picture of the early october foliage taped to the back and set it on the table next to me .
evan guided me along a dirt trail , through the leaf encrusted woods , with the cool crisp air sweeping across our faces .
i leaned back and looked at the nearly completed portrait of the fall foliage .
the leaf patterned comforter splayed across her bed was still rumpled , as if she 'd made it by pulling the comforter over the distressed sheets .
rolling back onto the hammock , i twirled the green oak leaf between my fingers and laughed out loud at the flashing image of grabbing it while swinging in evan 's back yard - the night i was forced to stay there .
i bent over to pick up the pressed oak leaf and smiled as i looked from the leaf to emma .
i bent over to pick up the pressed oak leaf and smiled as i looked from the leaf to emma .
my heart skipped a beat when i noticed the oak leaf resting on his chest .
when i raised my eyes from the leaf , he was watching me with a knowing look on his face .
' come here , ' he beckoned , gently picking up the leaf and scooting towards the middle pillow .
' go ahead , ' i said , pinching the stem of the leaf that was still in my hand , brushing it gently against his chest .
his gaze was focused on the leaf i was nervously playing with .
i stared at the leaf so he would n't see the emotion surfacing .
a leaf .
he was busy packing his pipe with dry leaf tobacco .
come summer or winter , the foliage never died .
then it shot off , disappearing into the abundant foliage .
two darker shadows stood a few feet in , almost indistinguishable among the foliage .
i closed my eyes , wiggling my fingers into the leaf litter until i found the topsoil .
i brushed my fingertips across the velvety leaf .
then the leaf shuddered .
he reached over , picking a crushed leaf off my arm and shoulder .
the heavy foliage and undergrowth thinned out into a small stretch of land that butted up to an outcropping of large , smooth boulders surrounding a lake .
the butterfly lands on a leaf nearby and i watch it for a long time before it feels strong enough to flutter away toward the small sunlit clearing out ahead .
but as she moved through the trees , it was drowned out by leaf rustle and wind music , and by the hish - hish all around .
the sound of their mingled voices , sveva thought , had been like the sound of the world itself : earth and air , leaf and stream , and tooth and claw , too .
the leaf cover of the damsel canopy would be unbroken green from above , leagues and leagues of it .
every so often alex 's flashlight is reflected for a brief second in a pair of bright wide blinking eyes , which watch us solemnly from within the mass of foliage before vanishing once again into the dark .
his hair is tangled , and a leaf is caught just behind his left ear .
the leaf , a vivid yellow , is still tangled in his hair , behind his ear .
` ` you have a leaf in your hair . ''
` ` a leaf .
they were all nestled into a scrolling leaf pattern .
each leaf appeared to have a different pattern cut into the silver , resulting in a different toned chime when the leaves shook .
through the silvery foliage i could see dark scales surrounding those horrid red eyes , accompanied by a massive yawning maw filled with pointed teeth .
his flesh was burning away like a smoldering flame devouring a dried out leaf .
there were leaves on the trees now , not just buds but fat , summery foliage .
every inch of the road was familiar , every leaf on the trees .
i picked up a red and green leaf and turned it in my fingers .
` ` okay , '' she muttered , placing a red and green leaf in the center of the candles .
she picked a leaf out of her hair and flicked it to the floor .
we were almost to the top of the hill and the sun was throwing shadows through the trees and foliage .
the foliage had started to thin and the views were taking its place .
she dipped the tip into the container of green paint and quickly drew the outline of a marijuana leaf on the corner of the canvas .
` ` you painted a marijuana leaf on schoolwork ? ''
she was working on the painting of the tree again , the marijuana leaf magically gone and blended into a stormy looking sky .
he shrugged as she laughed , reaching over to pluck a leaf from his unkempt hair .
twenty - nine as i snake through so many leafless trees , kicking through mounds of dead foliage and fallen branches , i keep tripping and worrying about the p-38 accidentally firing a bullet into my thigh - but i keep laughing too .
now it 's more like an orangish - brown leaf instead of a carrot .
i watched from a window seat on the third floor of the mansion as the cars materialized out of the blankets of green foliage and turned through the towering wrought - iron gates .
after all , at the end of summer , the forest had been thick with green foliage , weeds , and tall grasses lining the narrow roads .
malaysian mint , atomic orange , blushingham palace , canadian maple leaf ... no , no , no , no .
there were three bushes in a rock bed directly below , all their foliage gone since autumn .
autumn foliage ringed the bay , burning in vibrant shades of red that seemed to set the landscape to flame .
flames erupted , consuming the foliage and narrowing the battlefield , forming a barrier around the fallen angels .
he was so cold ; he clung to me with frozen hands , his four - year - old body shaking like a leaf .
if you do not ... '' the dryad trembled , like a leaf in a storm .
she reached out to the tree and gently touched a withered leaf with her finger .
the branch shuddered , and the leaf uncurled , green and alive again .
the ice that had coated every leaf , tree , twig and branch was nearly gone , and the snow was melting away , showing patches of bare earth beneath .
eventually , i come across a broad staircase , carved into the steep hillside , forming a little canyon between the apartment buildings and green foliage hanging down on either side .
a gust of hot wind picks up a dry leaf and carries it over the jungle canopy .
this all sounds fine and dandy , but my heart is shaking like a leaf .
right now i feel like an old leaf .
if i could be like the tree instead of an insignificant leaf .
her eyes are still wide and she 's shaking like a leaf .
gently , he runs his index finger along the edge of a leaf .
i hear the first droplets of a rainstorm working their way through the foliage .
the hut and the clearing itself are completely overgrown with vines and foliage .
he picked up a fallen leaf and held it between us .
bright , orange flames erupted from the tips of his fingers , curling over the leaf .
daemon reached out , pulling a leaf from my hair .
i picked up a fallen leaf , twirling it .
i dropped the leaf and ran a hand through my hair , tugging it back .
i pushed the dead foliage with my foot .
april exclaims over a scratched place on the gold leaf before proceeding to the unmarked door .
he pictured snow on trees , running down a leaf - strewn road , eating a hamburger , the moon casting a pale glow on a grassy meadow , swimming in a lake , a busy city square with hundreds of people bustling about their business .
moving as fast as he could , thomas crashed through the heavy foliage , thin branches slapping at his face .
using his left hand to hold tight to the foliage above him , he finished unwrapping himself and prepared to move .
i ' m wearing a long white gown , which katy and i have sewn , that flows from my throat to my ankles , and we have made up a crown of gold leaf that now rests on my head , glinting in the light .
at places they crowded the lane , their massive limbs arching over us , and at those places the doctor would throw back his head and stare upward into the foliage .
the old man touched the flame to his bowl , and the sweet aroma of his leaf suffused the air .
the change was brought about by the refusal of the maple leaf flour company to build in rat portage , fearing that the word ` ` rat '' on its bags might depress sales .
there was no sound but that of our own passage through the dense foliage .
dr . warthrop gave up after an hour and joined me by the resurrected fire , where we spoke little and kept our eyes forward and our hands on our weapons , starting at every crack of a twig or stir of a dry leaf , while low - hanging clouds scudded across the sky , diluting the light to an exhausted gray , the cover pushed along by a high wind that shunned the sullen earth .
the sensuous , entwined limbs of predator and prey , the orgasmic death cry , the final spasmodic rush of blood , and even the soundless insemination of the earth by the fallen tree and crumbling leaf ; these are the caresses of life 's beloved , the indispensable other .
large wicker baskets filled with cut tobacco leaf were lined end to end beneath the table .
you 'll swear the sun has fallen into the sea , for every tree on that island is a golden tree , and every leaf a golden leaf , and the leaves shine with a radiance all their own , so even in the darkest night the island seems to burn like a lighthouse beacon .
you 'll swear the sun has fallen into the sea , for every tree on that island is a golden tree , and every leaf a golden leaf , and the leaves shine with a radiance all their own , so even in the darkest night the island seems to burn like a lighthouse beacon .
chapter seventeen : ` ` too late '' i ran , barefooted , along riverside drive , south to seventy - second street and then east to broadway , running as if the devil himself were after me , along a narrow mountain pass and , on either side , the abyss , das ungeheuer , the tightly wound thing unwinding , and the unspooling refrain repeating until the words became a gibbering howl , it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late , the granite pavement scraping and clawing the soles of my nak*d feet , the smeared blobs of streetlamps in the early morning mist , and the hellish glow of the ash barrels where you can warm yourself over a dead man 's bones , and the bloody footprints left behind ; now the park and there the shadows between trees and the wet rocks and the sensuous whisper of leaf brushing leaf and the silence in between , and then broadway , the glittering blade thrust into the city 's heart ; along its garish edges shrieks of hysterical laughter from darkened doorways and the smell of stale beer , tramps in doorways , whores hanging from second - story windows of bawdy houses , and the tinny music of the dance hall , the drunken cries of sailors , the white coats of the sanitation workers , the thing unwinding pulling me as if by a silver cord , my blood the breadcrumbs marking the way back , but there is no going back now ; it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late ; redeem the time , redeem the dream , singing , singing down , between the lightless divide , the vacuity on either side , careening onto fiftieth , where broadway 's garish light fades and the buildings are dark and a dog furiously barks , maddened by the blood - smell , bloody rock against bloody bone , and the snarling river of fire that i breathe , the river of fire on which i run , a fire fed by blood , river of fire , river of blood , and the unquiet voice , the silver cord , it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late ; praying that we not be suffered to perish in the fire , praying we are not divided like the man in the ash barrel , praying , merciful god , let my prayer come unto thee out of the fire .
chapter seventeen : ` ` too late '' i ran , barefooted , along riverside drive , south to seventy - second street and then east to broadway , running as if the devil himself were after me , along a narrow mountain pass and , on either side , the abyss , das ungeheuer , the tightly wound thing unwinding , and the unspooling refrain repeating until the words became a gibbering howl , it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late , the granite pavement scraping and clawing the soles of my nak*d feet , the smeared blobs of streetlamps in the early morning mist , and the hellish glow of the ash barrels where you can warm yourself over a dead man 's bones , and the bloody footprints left behind ; now the park and there the shadows between trees and the wet rocks and the sensuous whisper of leaf brushing leaf and the silence in between , and then broadway , the glittering blade thrust into the city 's heart ; along its garish edges shrieks of hysterical laughter from darkened doorways and the smell of stale beer , tramps in doorways , whores hanging from second - story windows of bawdy houses , and the tinny music of the dance hall , the drunken cries of sailors , the white coats of the sanitation workers , the thing unwinding pulling me as if by a silver cord , my blood the breadcrumbs marking the way back , but there is no going back now ; it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late ; redeem the time , redeem the dream , singing , singing down , between the lightless divide , the vacuity on either side , careening onto fiftieth , where broadway 's garish light fades and the buildings are dark and a dog furiously barks , maddened by the blood - smell , bloody rock against bloody bone , and the snarling river of fire that i breathe , the river of fire on which i run , a fire fed by blood , river of fire , river of blood , and the unquiet voice , the silver cord , it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late it is already too late ; praying that we not be suffered to perish in the fire , praying we are not divided like the man in the ash barrel , praying , merciful god , let my prayer come unto thee out of the fire .
bare bough , gray sky , dead leaf .
the tourists had mostly left , but the leaf peepers were already out in full force , and there were always the birders to contend with .
an elderly woman wants a leaf blower that does n't take any muscle to run .
not a flower or a leaf was out of place ... except for the four sixth - grade girls who all happened to be stealthily creeping into the dilaurentises ' backyard at the same time .
the first thing aria noticed were the leaf - shaped wind chimes hanging from the front porch - they 'd been on the front porch at ali 's old house , too .
next to those was a leaf green kate spade boot box marked high school notes .
` ` her name 's madison , '' hanna answered , brushing off a wet leaf that had just blown against her cheek .
an orange leaf blower leaned against the left wall .
hanna yelled over the leaf blower .
` ` that 's the second part of my plan , '' spencer shouted over the leaf blower .
the leaf blower sputtered .
she looked questioningly at the leaf blower .
spencer turned off the leaf blower and dropped it to the ground .
everyone 's hair was a windswept rat 's nest from the leaf blower .
spencer closed her leaf green leather - bound journal and dismissed her staff .
only , someone had crossed out the s and drawn a marijuana leaf over the exclamation point .
then he 'd flopped into a leaf pile on their way to the car and squirmed around like hanna 's miniature doberman , dot .
the rosewood day elementary playground 's parking lot was wide and deep , separated by a bunch of little landscaped islands , which were full of nearly bare trees , spiny grass , and piles of crisp leaves that gave off that signature leaf - pile smell .
aria pointed at a shuttered boutique with a giant marijuana leaf decal in the window .
every year , tourists from up and down the east coast drove to rosewood , pennsylvania , to see the brilliant red , orange , yellow , and purple fall foliage .
in the summer , the thick foliage blocked the view , but now that the trees were bare , all of rosewood was splayed out below .
melissa nodded , loosening a dry , charred leaf from her matted blond hair .
she wears low - rider jeans and a green retro t - shirt imprinted with a faded white four - leaf clover .
what used to be my best , strongest relationship has become a leaf withering and dying on a decaying vine .
the bushes gave with a whisper of foliage on our skin .
he held a leaf to my nose .
we had chosen a shaded spot , beneath a stand of trees , where the grass was soft and the light filtered through the foliage overhead to dappled green .
i kept my footfalls light and soft while we passed through ; and in the distance , i heard it - the rustling foliage and cracking branches that said we had company .
the green foliage and bushy trees reminded him a lot of his own island .
the parks were full of green spring foliage ; the streets were well paved and not at all mucky .
why had n't i ever noticed before that hundreds of candles made people 's faces look as if they were covered with gold leaf ?
` ` poor baby , '' amelia says with a little smile as she eats a stuffed grape leaf .
only an idiot would rely on the energy of a bean or a leaf to stay awake throughout the day . ''
i wish i could trace the veins in a fallen leaf and feel the wind pinch my nose .
the foliage of the tree was so dense , they could n't see the trap , even after they had touched down .
patty nodded and shoved the holly leaf pile into the candy cane pile , making sure that the pieces were all in the same bunch , but still separated .
the candy cane pieces were on the right side of the pile , and the holly leaf ones on the left .
when i got back to the platform , though , i lost control of my temper at the sight of owen and clarissa trying to fit together a holly leaf piece with a candy cane piece .
with words , he simply takes snapshots of simple things for me - like a leaf , a bottle cap , a snowflake , a bird in flight , an ant , a single breath - and when i read these haikus i sorta trip out on the image that is never good or bad , happy or sad , exciting or boring .
the fallen leaf flies like a young icarus and then disintegrates i totally get haikus now .
the trees are tall and straight , their lower trunks mostly devoid of limbs , their foliage a dark green with a distinctive smell , crisp and clean .
i ' m given a moment to pant , the force of my breath blowing bits of leaf and dirt away .
his footsteps move past me , soft in the thick springy bits of leaf coating the forest floor .
uneven ground , underbrush with burs and scrub to catch at you , leaf litter , and straight , even tree trunks , like they were laid out with a laser sight .
eleven tarver i take care to keep my pace slow as i start walking , breaking off branches and scuffing up the leaf litter so even a society girl should be able to tell which way i went .
fighting the brief and insane impulse to smile , i duck my head and start dividing the leaf litter i ' m gathering into two piles .
` ` i need you to put these on for me , '' he says as i sink down beside him , skin crawling at the feel of the springy leaf litter underneath , but not quite ready to demand a blanket to sit on .
it 's almost impossible to move through the undergrowth without making a sound , with great thorny arms reaching up to tangle in the fabric of my pants , and dry twigs concealed under the leaf litter waiting to crack and snap like bones breaking in the dark .
i reach for the next plant to break open a broad leaf and check it against my arm .
i know she 's started hearing the whispers again - she shakes like a leaf whenever they show up .
the cabin was just one giant room with a dead leaf and ivy covered floor .
they sat on a road that ran through woodland , and like a virtual tour in her head she could see that one mile to their left , through thick trees , past a small creek and a deer that chewed casually on foliage , was a house that was built like a large shack .
7 - ambushed birds twittered and squawked in the trees , insects buzzed around her ears , and the wind rustled every piece of foliage its fingers brushed against .
instead of lamps with vine - leaf stands were green banker 's lamps ... there was even an old - fashioned globe .
` ` come along , my brittle little leaf . ''
sometimes when people hit bottom , they give up ... '' his voice grows softer , like the weight of a fall leaf .
she shook some of the gold leaf onto the crown of my head and , as she pulled the comb through my hair , the gold seemed to dissolve into shimmering strands .
a man with a monkey on his shoulder ambled past , and two men covered from head to toe in gold leaf rode by on zebras , throwing jeweled flowers to everyone they passed .
when we reached the gardens by the pillared folly , he paused to pluck a leaf from a hedge and said , ` ` i should n't have lost my temper that way .
` ` i do n't know , '' he said , shredding the leaf .
there were four stable point locations listed within the fairgrounds , and the one used for most of the jumps was labeled as the wooded island - a secluded , shady area , with floral vines and lush foliage .
i 'd gotten used to the sight of the lush green foliage at the stable point when viewing the location in the log , but it was a bit startling to have my other senses kick in as well .
but i could n't bear the idea of returning to the queen 's side , of spending the whole night with my nails digging into my palms , smelling her perfume , counting and recounting the line of buttons on that leaf green dress as she held court .
above , hovered the thickest canopy of green trees and foliage that camouflaged the sky leaving a gap just wide enough for the sun to appear .
even with the windows shut and the central ac blasting , i can still hear the angry , insistent throttle of a leaf blower buzzing like a chain saw outside .
i sigh in frustration , considering a long , hot shower with my fresh lavender scrub , when i spot the leaf blower 's landscaping partner .
on the other hand , it 's not like i ' m going to be able to truly relax as long as the leaf blower is making all that noise outside .
a leaf crackled .
wind tossed a cold , wet leaf against her ankle .
the moon illuminated the mist swirling along the leaf - strewn ground , and made the trees cast long shadows like lurking wraiths .
` ` you also knocked that creature aside like it was a leaf caught in a wind . ''
as we were walking through the gardens , admiring the late fall foliage , i told lana that i had received a response from the head of the program .
she crushed a dry leaf in her palm , creating sharp crumbs .
she found excuses to bring him close , pretending interest in this leaf or that rock .
becoming verdant slopes , covered in lush foliage .
lush foliage decorated the banks , and trees bowed low , trailing their branches in the burbling water .
tides and dwellers sat in groups strewn across the clearing , but sable had erected a platform at the center , where a table decorated with candles and arrangements of lush foliage and colorful flowers had been set up .
he 's looking out the window where the wind stirs the big aspen outside , the tree a flurry of motion , each leaf trembling with life .
by the time we reached the conveyor belt that took the dirty trays and plates back to where i assumed everything would be washed , i was shaking like a leaf .
` ` anyone can draw a leaf , sunshine . ''
a stuffed fox peeked through foliage , almost hidden by the leaves and ground cover .
there is a creature leaping through the foliage in front of him , turning back to look at lev every once in a while .
his father was a simple gilder , a man who puts gold leaf on things to make them pretty .
in our own british navy manual of arms , a saber swing at the neck of an opponent , hoping to open his jugular vein , is called attack in position two , while in bojutsu , it would be named something like gentle caress of sharp banana leaf .
` ` oh my god , cam ... '' i 'd decked out a fifty - gallon terrarium , complete with sand and rock bedding and foliage .
she was trembling like a leaf in the wind , and a finger of ice was running up and down the length of her spine .
' in your country , ' he said , ' i is hearing the footsteps of a ladybird as she goes walking across a leaf . '
' when a ladybird is walking across a leaf , i is hearing her feet going clumpety - clumpety - clump like giants ' footsteps . '
scarlet fell softly about them and everything was outlined in greens and blues and the world was raspberry - colored and leaf - colored and golden - colored and fire - colored and blueberry - colored and wine - colored .
she picked him up as if he was light as a leaf , and put him down on the great feasting table of the gods .
every blade of grass glowed and glimmered , every leaf on every tree .
i saw ursula monkton swept up and away , although i felt no wind , but there had to be a wind , for she was flailing and tipping like a dead leaf in a gale .
the north wind rose up in her cave and sped toward the opening that was so high they could not see the top and so wide they could not see the far wall , and her leaf - matted hair brushed the ceiling , and her long , ragged toenails scraped the floor , and the tips of her wings sent boulders crashing from either side as she leapt into the black .
it was trembling like a dead leaf in a storm .
i could lead the zombies through the forest , camouflaging myself within the foliage and waiting until backup ( hopefully ) arrived .
within half an hour , we cleared the foliage to stand at the edge of a dirt road .
my gaze whizzed to the left , and i saw red eyes peeking from the brittle wall of foliage .
i smelled the rot before i passed the wall of brittle foliage .
` ` now , i do n't know how long it will take , '' he said , and his voice shook me like a dry leaf .
the very thought made my anger die like a leaf on a branch , and i followed behind him .
though the mountain appeared to be some natural hill , he knew the ages had buried its true heart under centuries of mud , leaf , vine , and snaking roots .
here was a primeval world where nature first practiced with seed and leaf , with tooth and claw , with root and vine .
it was a few blocks to central park , where the trees were in burning - leaf autumn glory .
as i watched , i could feel myself mentally shadowing the woman 's own movements , as she quickly heated a reserve of skillet oil for mushrooms and peppers , then added a couple of lethal pinches of chili pepper and a dried bay leaf to the sauce already simmering on the stove .
she nicked an endive leaf topped with something cream - cheesy from another passing caterer .
the warm , humid air carried the rich smell of jungle foliage , mingled with the salty tang of the sea .
they prowled unhurriedly , whispering through the foliage like ghosts .
together , abeke and uraza crept as close as they dared , gazing out from the last of the dense foliage beneath the shadows of the trees .
dimly , in the leaf - filtered moonlight , abeke saw a figure high in the branches .
twigs snapped and leaves rustled as he extracted himself from the foliage .
several trees were white as snow - leaf , limb , and trunk .
the branches did not appear to offer terrific cover , but if he wormed deep beneath them , took advantage of the shadows , and camouflaged himself using the surrounding foliage , he could become virtually invisible .
certius had engendered the treefolk , humanlike races covered with foliage , most with moss or ivy , some with vines or thorns .
how she had threaded an arrow through all that foliage and into the eye of the cat was mind - blowing .
copernum plucked a leaf from a vine and crumpled it in his palm .
although this forest was not draped with vines or teeming with wildlife , the foliage did screen the library from view as drake and jasher paralleled a burbling rivulet up the slope .
through the dimness , he pressed between dark bushes with fuzzy foliage , occasionally altering his direction when he encountered thorny brambles and tangled thickets .
he was back in lyrian , crouched in the darkness , foliage obscuring the moon .
he noticed several places where foliage appeared to have been roughly chopped away to keep it from crowding the trail .
before long , the foliage along the sides was pruned as neatly as hedgerows .
bedraggled foliage hung in long streamers from trunks and limbs .
sunrise had finally come , muted by the foliage overhead .
faintly , rachel heard foliage rustle .
rachel plucked a leaf from a shrub and tore it as she walked .
aside from scattered moans and snarls , most made their presence known by disturbing rocks and foliage .
forget the venomous snakes , poisonous plants , deadly insects , and impenetrable foliage .
broad fanlike leaves ; limp streamers ; ferny fronds ; corkscrewing tendrils ; slim , pointed greenery ; clusters of minute leaflets ; and seemingly every other conceivable manner of foliage decorated the shrubs and trees .
soft hisses came from the surrounding foliage .
drake , jasher , tark , and aram ran the other way , slashing foliage when necessary .
a couple of days later , jason watched nia munching on a large , glossy leaf as she walked .
shortly he came abreast with the music , though foliage along the riverbank hindered his view of the vessel .
chapter 2 the loremaster after crashing recklessly through varying densities of foliage for some time , jason paused , legs tired .
` ` then why do you have leaf prints and smudges of soil on your cheek ? ''
` ` were you on guard with your face in a leaf pile ? ''
and broad , ferny foliage .
jason toyed briefly with the idea of concealing themselves in the huge mass of foliage , risking thorns and wasps rather than facing their pursuers .
jasher had led them on a winding route deep into the hills , often walking the horses up shallow streams or forging paths through heavy foliage .
the striking petals looked venomously bright against the dull greens and browns of the surrounding foliage .
small gifts left at campsites - a fresh fish , a leaf full of blackberries , a crown of flowers .
he was so panicked , so enraged that her voice was no more than a crackling leaf on the wind .
kian let go of me and pushed clear from the foliage .
the leafy foliage hid his vanishing act , but the air crackled after he went , like charged wind after a storm .
the tangles in her hair became like an intricate tapestry , and what i had taken for twigs and leaves now seemed to be gemstones and gold leaf .
trees framed the rocky path in an archway of foliage , mostly green , tinged here and there with gold .
it 's about the foliage turning in the fall , '' i said .
the debris shelter was warm , almost toasty from their body heat - captured as it was in a thick , three - foot mound of leaf litter .
twice , feeling a little foolish , she even sniffed , registering cold leaf rot and soggy wood but no roadkill reek - nothing that translated as wild or dangerous .
she watches kramer withdraw a mug of steaming mighty leaf green tea from his microwave .
christina touched a leaf with a manicured nail .
the ocean breeze finding my skin , the starling overhead singing dreamily on a telephone wire , a dry palm leaf drifting down to rest on the concrete .
since i 'd been in the store last , she 'd added a glass milk bottle , a freeze - dried leaf of some kind , and , grotesquely , a seagull 's foot .
the lack of people and sun somehow emphasized the lack of grass and foliage beside the sidewalk .
i do n't understand why it is there , hanging like a leaf in the branch when it is not a leaf .
i do n't understand why it is there , hanging like a leaf in the branch when it is not a leaf .
i feel fenced in - this strange girl in front of me , that alien leaf behind me .
i stood up , testing my legs , and brushed most of the dirt and sticky wet leaf bits off me .
sam found what he was looking for , a bright yellow leaf shaped like a heart .
he twisted the stem of the leaf around my ring finger so that it made a bright yellow band .
sam let go of the leaf and it drifted to the ground between us .
on the other side of the statue , a wolf was lying in the leaves , its gray pelt nearly the same color as the dead foliage .
` ` look , there 's a leaf sitting on it .
carefully plucking the leaf that covered part of the wolf 's face , i felt the coarse fur brush the side of my hand , even through my gloves .
gently , i took the wolf 's legs and flipped it onto its other side ; the body was only a little stiff - despite the leaf that had dropped onto its face , the wolf had n't been dead long .
i picked up a dried leaf that we 'd tracked into the shed .
they were impressive : a fall leaf floating on a puddle , students reflected in the windows of a school bus , an artfully smudgy black - and - white self - portrait of olivia .
i hurriedly shuffled back to the one of the leaf floating on the puddle .
` ` one happy day for every falling leaf you catch . ''
a summer leaf clinging to a frozen branch for as long as possible .
blue touched a reluctantly curled fern , the last foliage before the sunlight faded .
pulling a mint leaf from his pocket to suck on , he spoke around it as the water heated .
he wanted to tell himself that it was only a leaf or a branch .
the night smelled foxy and damp , all rain and failed leaf fires .
she rolled the mint leaf over and over her tongue .
gansey put a mint leaf in his mouth ; it was impossible to not think of the night before , when he 'd put one in hers .
he plucked four and a half oak leaves out of blue 's spiky hair and blew some leaf crumbs from the bridge of adam 's nose .
he pulled back , wincing through pins and needles , and gave her a mint leaf before sitting back against the bed frame beside her .
he stuffed a mint leaf into his mouth .
she ate a mint leaf and breathed on noah 's face .
he flicked an invisible piece of lint off the shoulder of adam 's suit and placed a mint leaf on his own tongue .
the april - bright trees pressed against the windows of the breakfast area , green leaf upon green leaf upon glass , and blue was suddenly very aware of being surrounded by trees , of having a sense of being in the middle of a still wood .
the april - bright trees pressed against the windows of the breakfast area , green leaf upon green leaf upon glass , and blue was suddenly very aware of being surrounded by trees , of having a sense of being in the middle of a still wood .
the area around him smelled strongly of mint from the leaf he chewed absently .
taking a mint leaf from his pocket , gansey put it into his mouth and watched the familiar henrietta roads snake below them .
the raven was stark and dead among the grass , bony white shells in the foliage .
the leaf litter at their feet was brown and orange , leaves killed by the early frost of a winter that should n't be near .
at first , it appeared to be covered with mud , but a closer inspection revealed that it was , in fact , coated with layers and layers of pollen and leaf litter .
he put a mint leaf in his mouth and climbed out of the car .
he picked up something that looked like a carved bit of bone ; it must ' ve had a larger pattern on it once , but now all that was left was something that looked like the edge of an acanthus leaf and possibly some raised scrolling .
his body was covered with leaf litter , as if he 'd lain there for years , not minutes .
her fingers felt for the foliage , seized it .
conquerors - a dozen or more , and all with spirit animals - poured from the foliage .
dee and james stared at the satyr , who grinned back at them , permanently dancing upon a tiny oak leaf in the middle of the water .
i turned , stumbling , and found one of the daoine sidhe , face and hair brilliantly pale like the underside of a leaf .
not one of the ones where the fourth leaf is stunted , either , and you can obviously see it 's just a mutation of a three - leaf clover .
not one of the ones where the fourth leaf is stunted , either , and you can obviously see it 's just a mutation of a three - leaf clover .
i watched another drop hit a leaf on the lawn , momentarily bearing it to the ground .
and then , bursting from the hole the iron had made , a new , green bud surged forth , unfolding into a delicate leaf .
` ` the maple leaf .
the maple leaf does n't look particularly special on the outside , but the music and overall feel of the place made it worth coming back to .
we all took a dried leaf and dutifully chewed it up .
and soon enough , the jungle - like foliage gave way to fields of waving plants and flowers .
tick let the flashlight tip downward until it illuminated the leaf - strewn forest floor .
she took a deep breath , shaking like a leaf , then pointed behind her .
the imp had smuggled the babe far from home , floating her down misky creek on a linden leaf so that this unusual starlight gathering would draw no unwanted notice .
` ` like a leaf on a breeze , '' he answered in his singsong voice .
the thick foliage of the linden enclosed her completely , like a little room .
floated ye down misky creek on a linden leaf to where the creatures waited .
all the flowers in all the gardens were pale and the foliage was silver , and the faeries too were the color of moonlight , and luminous , as if lit from within .
eyebright and lavender , sweet basil and lemon balm , a great jumble of shivering leaf and flower .
pleasant walkways that weaved among the tropical foliage .
do nt deny it ; you re shaking like a leaf .
i smiled and twirled a leaf in one of my hands .
a thick cloud of mist still hung over the tops of the tangled foliage , not yet burned away by the mid - morning tropical sun .
stalin and gabriel crunched their way out of the foliage , staring at her standing there in bare feet .
a sharp crack sounded in the foliage .
her horse started to pull the reins as he stretched his neck down , trying to reach some light green foliage that must have looked tasty to him .
sometimes thin mailboxes peeking from the foliage are the only flag of life .
long , even strides carry him into the foliage , and his energy calms down at last .
i tug off a wide leaf and twist it between my fingers .
the party moved on ahead steadily and quietly , accompanied by the soft footfall of the horses hooves in the leaf mould and the forest sounds of bird , wind and stream .
dense foliage enclosed the slopes but at the valley head we could see open sky .
manny crashed through the thick undergrowth for a few feet and was ready to turn around when he came to a break in the foliage .
at one point i was about ten feet from this nva and he was looking right at me , but did nt see me in the foliage .
in the brief second the lights are just right , and they splash intermittent light through all the foliage .
now , manny whispered again , as there was the sound of an arrow slicing down through foliage .
cornwell led her through some foliage and unlocked the barred gate , the metal hinges creaking slightly , making larissa cringe .
the horse cantered gingerly down the rocky hillsides , passing through the thick foliage cautiously .
hills and valleys were painted with new , bright green foliage , and meadows and slopes proudly displayed a multitude of brilliant wildflower colors and shapes .
it was a beautiful island filled with lush , thick foliage , a mountain on the far horizon .
there was naught to be seen and he had to suppose it had only been a leaf blown by the wind .
the scene was framed with lush spring foliage , new shoots and youthful leaves , and illuminated by the translucent blue background of the morning sky and the occasional beam of sunlight that pierced through the trees .
when i looked at the dense foliage and cascading waters behind us , it became clear that i had grown content with the relative solitude of our journey .
she felt comforted somewhat by the sights before her and the familiar smells of foliage .
she knew there was little daylight left , so started a fire off to one side of the path and cooked some meat , keeping the path just in view but blocking the light of the fires flames with a make - shift wall of foliage ; she was less concerned about her safety from attack now , but it did nt hurt to be a little cautious .
i can hear the sound of the gold leaf on the steeple of the first apple when i walk around back .
if its gold leaf over wood it ll sound just like wood .
the leaf litter from the previous fall was rotting , turning to the mould that would nourish the soil .
the whimpering stopped , and the boy crawled out , covered with the decaying wood of the tree and leaf fragments .
the leaf litter on the forest floor would give it away .
suddenly humik felt that his body was trembling like a leaf , and his ears were blown by an unexpected artillery shelling .
the thick foliage on the other side of the toymotos bug - spattered windshield first began to sway and then to bow up and down in a way that reminded nora of dancers at a harvest ceremony .
something about a watcher on horseback , something he thinks may tie into hobbit travels through middle - earth , makes bob tom hold his breath as he tries to look through the thick foliage which surrounds him .
the one who first emerged from the thick foliage alongside the river after lassoing the old man seems to be the leader .
or , it could be that something in the habitat beyond the curtain , something hidden by the deep foliage from his eyes , such as too much or too little water , or the wrong kind of plant - life , could be responsible .
then i was racing up the companionway again , shaking like a leaf and yet eager as could be to tell dad what d happened !
we landed like a leaf sighing down from a tree .
here is the first leaf , cream - colored and yet somehow very new , or rather perfectly preserved .
going out into the woods at night is little different from diving to the bottom of the sea and strolling through the foliage there .
my eyes had adjusted to the light from the fire , and almost to the extent of the firelight the ground and even some of the foliage around us was dusted with a fine white powder .
a fierce cone of light sprang from the craft and stabbed downward onto the foliage on the other side of the barn from us .
` ` branches too light for spear - hafts , and creepers no thicker than cords , '' she remarked , indicating the foliage about the crag .
having removed the thorns , and peeled off the tough skin , she handed the boy a thick , juicy cactus leaf .
the woman let the corpse fall back upon the blood - stained carpet , and sprang to her feet , shaking like a windblown leaf .
a darkening blue mist blurred the outlines of the foliage .
with a snarl conyn plunged through the intervening foliage and into the trail .
they drew back among the dense foliage some yards away and waited in tense silence .
but they were waiting , and not even a leaf trembled .
he whacked a leaf on an oak tree sprout growing alongside the road with the tip of his fishing rod and knocked it off onto the ground .
i picked up a burning leaf and touched the flame to the kerosene - soaked wick .
the obvious answer would be they developed them to graze on tall foliage , giving them an advantage .
darkness had now fallen , and an early moon was sending its faint light to cast strange , grotesque shadows among the dense foliage of the forest .
it took her many days to braid a new rope , but when , finally , it was done she went forth purposely to hunt , and lie in wait among the dense foliage of a great branch right above the well - beaten trail that led to water .
often they hunted her , and more often she hunted them , but though they never quite reached her with those cruel , sharp claws of theirs , yet there were times when one could scarce have passed a thick leaf between their talons and her smooth hide .
from a great mass of impenetrable foliage a few yards away emerged tarzyn of the apes to swing quietly in her wake .
at length she came to a great tree , heavy laden with thick foliage and loaded with pendant loops of giant creepers .
gathering up all she could carry under one arm , she overturned the seething cauldron with a kick , and disappeared into the foliage above just as the first of the returning natives entered the gate at the far end of the village street .
there was an agonized scream from the victim , and her fellows turned to see her struggling body rise as by magic slowly into the dense foliage of the trees above .
two keen eyes had watched every move of the party from the foliage of a nearby tree .
so tarzyn fitted a poisoned arrow to her bow and drew a bead upon the rat - faced sailor , but the foliage was so thick that she soon saw the arrow would be deflected by the leaves or some small branch , and instead she launched a heavy spear from her lofty perch .
the ape - woman , hiding safe behind a screen of foliage , sat watching this new specimen of her own race intently .
occasionally they would enter a spot where the foliage above was less dense , and the bright rays of the moon lit up before clayton 's wondering eyes the strange path they were traversing .
though they had come many miles , it was still but midafternoon , and the amphitheater was bathed in the half light which filtered through the maze of encircling foliage .
once beneath the trees , the body rose straight into the air , and as it disappeared into the foliage above , the terrified negroes , screaming with fright , broke into a mad race for the village gate .
as the writhing body of the black soared , as though by unearthly power , into the dense foliage of the forest , d'arnot felt an icy shiver run along her spine , as though death had risen from a dark grave and laid a cold and clammy finger on her flesh .
for half an hour the women with lieutenant charpentier crouched in the dense foliage of the jungle , waiting the signal .
about his was the waving foliage of the forest .
but she saw nothing outside -- within she saw a patch of greensward surrounded by a matted mass of gorgeous tropical plants and flowers , and , above , the waving foliage of mighty trees , and , over all , the blue of an equatorial sky .
i had no idea how long it took , but eventually i rolled onto a thankfully - soft pile of leaf matter at the bottom of the incline .
the top of the dress had intricate beading in flower and tree leaf designs , with more crystals and bells alternating on ties around the neckline .
the treb came to a stop and rica turned around and gasped to see trees and foliage in a clear line ahead of them .
he only seemed to like the bread and leaf parts .
he made a run for the flowerbeds and disappeared into the foliage .
from here , the house was not visible , just a long road surrounded by green foliage .
light beamed down from above through small holes in the foliage and seem to stretch down towards them , like rays sent from a heavenly above .
it was almost as though they felt that any slightest sound they made would bring the deadly foliage to life , but the plants remained in their still poses .
she reached forward and pushed a long green leaf out of her way , and caught sight of a small pond .
she received her first tattoo on the side of her face , a graceful swipe that reminded her of a falling autumn leaf .
its rocky surface blazed towards the heaven , jutting out green foliage at every possible altitude .
the new link was added just below her falling leaf .
through this window shone a mild light which silvered the foliage of two or three linden trees which formed a group outside the park .
i say , decent bit of leaf , this , the voice added .
himmler smiled , causing his two - fingered mustache to bunch up beneath his nose like an inchworm under a dead leaf .
he walked off behind them losing himself in the dense foliage and was quickly out of sight .
a deafening electrical sizzle accompanied the sound of burning foliage .
quatze joined him a moment later , making no more sound than a rustling leaf .
as the long tendrils of dawn crawled between the overhanging limbs , we pulled away the worst of the foliage from the blockhouse 's door .
i stumbled through the foliage until i came upon the way station .
silence reigned between us as god 's song , the wind , rustled each leaf .
the engraving held what looked like a leaf .
in response to her cautious voice alex held up the leaf ring that uncle gambit told him to brandish .
when shades head came clear of the foliage koris eyes were completely white and her face went ashen .
it was a silver leaf engraved ring .
alex held up his silver ring with the engraving of a leaf .
the road appeared empty for the moment so they hunkered down in a hidden depression and were blocked by foliage .
eventually they went up and down each of the main streets and the alleyways in search for the elusive leaf pattern .
they explored the entire southwest part of the city hunting for a fruit stand with a leaf over its eve .
in the central circle of the eye held a leaf pattern , identical to the one on their silver rings .
they all wore the same silver leaf ring .
on his right index finger was a single silver ring with an engraved leaf .
it was the leaf of freelan with a lightning bolt behind the leaf .
it was the leaf of freelan with a lightning bolt behind the leaf .
colored paper lined the walls ; gold leaf lined the window ledges ; and every cup , bowl and utensil which the family used to eat was made of silver .
they proceeded for perhaps ten minutes steadily downhill through dense woods and foliage .
everyone , on or near the grassy knoll , was racing toward elm street and the scene of the assassination , but wait , he saw a person hurriedly fleeing through the foliage to a waiting black automobile parked in the citys impoundment lot .
captain scarburg had cursed his lack of ability to discern colors on his arrival in the cow - pasture , but now he was thankful - had it not been for the captains monotone vision this person would have blended into the surrounding foliage of the trees , shrubs and evergreens , totally camouflaged .
the snow was being blown away as if a giant leaf blower were at work .
he glared at the wall of foliage .
landon walked behind her , glaring at the foliage and gripping the pommel of his sword .
the physical form followed the crystal lattice she controlled , lifting off the leaf , swirling into a perfect orb of water .
trudging behind landon , elaina glanced at the straggly foliage around them , but there was no movement .
a drop of dew shivering on a leaf in a net of silver and sapphire , and blood - racing excitement .
` ` i have enough redthorn , but i 'll need quilt - leaf berries .
a leaf shifting in wind , a bird , or a foot dangled off a branch , its charcoal grey boot quickly pulled back behind a wall of leaves .
he was shuddering and shaking like a leaf for hours .
after one hour of walking they had reached about half way through the journey , they had walked from clear sunshine into leaf dappled light and now were in deep forest with only small amounts of sunlight and the occasional well of light when there was a natural clearing amongst the trees .
the problem was catching crabs of wet leaves ; billings and his mate swore at the foliage .
almond eyes assessed subtile from behind a screen of jungle foliage .
never had he seen such dark green foliage in a multitude of shapes and forms .
once out of the building , he would need to pick up his emergency stash of money , buried among the foliage in the wetlands preserve .
most days the foliage was so dense sarge could not feel the sunlight on his face to obtain his bearings .
on the collar of her stiff , freshly pressed , white uniform was pinned a majors gold oak leaf .
motionless within the hillside brush , she blended into the sun - speckled leaf brocade so well had irene looked straight at the coyote she would have seen nothing .
the horses hooves made barely any sound as they walked over a ground of soft dirt covered by a thin layer of what the prince assumed were fallen leaves , though they looked as skinny and sharp as needles and consummately un - leaf like .
the princes daze was interrupted as a man dressed in all black with a drawn short sword burst into view from the foliage on the side of the ravine .
he had been sure every breaking twig or rustling leaf was tomaz ambushing him from behind a tree , and every flash of light off a shiny rock the girls daggers whistling through the air to strike him down .
he felt as though he could jump to the top of any of the tall trees surrounding him ; he could see the veins of each individual leaf , hear insects buzzing and birds calling each other what seemed like miles away .
there was foliage as far as the eye could see , large trees he had no name for dripping long ropes of what he assumed must be vines .
the trampled foliage and blood trail were no longer discernable .
after several months in rehabilitation , he met with his battalion commander , a lieutenant colonel named summers , well captain , are you ready to pin on the oak leaf ?
he never pinned on the gold oak leaf emblems of his true rank , major , and did not own a senior officer uniform or insignia yet .
the hostile foliage seems to dare him to come closer as it returns to its passive stance , waiting for its next victim .
caressing the walls of roots and foliage , it masks the path ahead , reflecting the dim glow of the moon like a haunted graveyard .
dangling at different distances and lengths , a plethora of thick , ropey foliage sways gently from the canopy far above .
scooping its head to and fro along the ground , the fanged foliage seems to be limbering up to catch the coming meal more easily .
her billowing cloak vanishes in a whirl of light , allowing her to land as soundlessly as a fresh leaf in a still pond .
the extraordinary amount of debris and foliage makes it look as if a giant wrecking ball smashed its way through centuries ago .
deeper inside , link can clearly see the beams of light piercing the canopy of the lush foliage , the forest continuing to prove resilient in the face of a slow death .
rolling into a safe landing , he quickly scouts the tree line , spotting yet another golden glimmer vanishing into the foliage .
a massive plume of fire engulfs the summoned foliage , disintegrating the screeching plant instantly .
the winding path leading through the hollowed trunks and thick foliage is revealed as if the answer should have been obvious , and finally , ganondorf emerges into the sacred meadow the kokiri now call home .
the hero dashes past a house as he attempts to corner his enemy in the dense foliage .
a dark form lying in a bed of foliage at the perimeter of the clearing catches his eye , and after dropping to a better vantage point , he sees that ganondorf has collapsed .
the skull kid moves through the dense foliage and tangling roots with an unnatural ease , diving and flipping through obstacles with a simple kind of grace .
after several months in rehabilitation , he met with his battalion commander , a lieutenant colonel named summers , well , captain , are you ready to pin on the oak leaf ?
a man wearing a pair of red leotards with a white maple leaf outline on his chest burst into the room .
after a brief rest , and having found a few leaf - buds to nibble , she settled on a direction and began to make her way through the forest .
he could hear the drops pelting the green foliage surrounding the shack he and chris called home .
the sounds of the jungle and density of the foliage fascinated her .
inspirational music played as the distinctive canadian flag with a red maple leaf flapped furiously in the wind .
the canadian national anthem completed the film with the obligatory shot of a mountie in uniform and waving red maple leaf flag .
the beautiful white swan statue bordered by green foliage stood out from the stone and the gold .
it looked like a large leaf , hinged at one edge forming a gate .
he could see a strange leaf - like gate , guarded by a giant green slithering snake .
he resumed his duties , guarding the large leaf shaped gate .
the light struggled to pierce the thick foliage , making the woodland feel dark and the undergrowth damp .
the three creatures stood on the edge on the woodland , their bodies rising and falling with each exasperated breath , before turning and ambling back into the foliage .
this is the best time of year to hunt for caves , in the spring and summer the foliage is too thick to see anything .
claire felt like a leaf that had just been blown by a gust of wind into a swollen river .
the girls were looking odd at their friends behavior , which she was standing on her feet , shaking like a leaf , with her hands on the mouth , looking terrified .
the forest is without a single leaf , the sky is cloudy with fire , from which sometimes a flame fall down on the ground .
this will almost certainly mean an oak leaf cluster for both men .
the striped - blackened face with the mad yellow eyes merged silently back into the dense foliage .
before john could respond , boone sped off quickly , skillfully shooting his hands in and out of the foliage and lightly shuffling his feet beneath him as he left .
each time he tried to inhale , small bits of dirt and leaf sailed into his mouth , risking a revealing cough or gag .
a leaf was not turned .
it is believed to have been done by the homa fochush village of the creek that live across the yellow leaf ( the name of a small river ) .
we should go to the village of the yellow leaf to see what we can do .
they headed in the direction of the yellow leaf , but not by the well worn trail that led by the river .
they could now see the mouth of yellow leaf creek .
they would ask for volunteers to raid against the creeks at the yellow leaf , to avenge the massacre at nunnimingo .
we are but a small village , and we wish to make war on the creeks of the yellow leaf , who so unmercifully slaughtered them in their beds on that early morning .
what do you know about the village of the yellow leaf ?
wolf eyes spoke , we made a rescue , from the village of the yellow leaf , of some of the people taken captive in the attack on nunnimingo .
the yellow leaf creek is located on another side , so that only two sides are open to a large attack .
we , the village of tuscaloosa , will furnish a small army of warriors to go and fight the creeks , who are our longstanding enemy , and this will be to destroy the village of the yellow leaf and avenge the village of nunnimingo .
follow wounded eagle and wolf eyes and the warriors of nuktala to reap havoc on the creeks of the yellow leaf .
their destination was the landing , and then after that , the village of the yellow leaf .
they hid in the foliage along the path .
he took pains to blend in with the foliage that lined the bank .
he could see the far side from his vantage point , observed everything every leaf that moved .
the answer might never be known , but the question was all the more reason for a successful raid on the creeks of the yellow leaf .
the scouting party , made up of wolf eyes , red talon and wounded eagle , would be sent to reconnoiter in the direction of the yellow leaf .
if he made it back to the village of the yellow leaf , he could warn them of the chickasaw war party .
for this reason , now they set the pace to a half run , toward the village of the yellow leaf .
it would be downhill now until they reached the banks of the yellow leaf .
wolf eyes and wounded eagle , with the war party behind , made their way down the slope of the ridge and across the creek of the yellow leaf .
the war party now surrounded the rear side of the village , from the opposite bank of the yellow leaf , on the western side , to the hill that looked over the river and the village , on the eastern side .
it is a larger village than yellow leaf , but it is some distance away .
he was not surprised when he found out that the yellow leaf village had been attacked , because of the war - like nature of some of the braves .
there were a few principal men from the yellow leaf who had escaped .
turning to his general , he said , take this man back to the village of the yellow leaf where he made this trouble .
they loaded him in a canoe and were on their way to the village of the yellow leaf .
they reached the village of the yellow leaf and pulled the canoe up on the bank .
it would be a long time before someone from the village of talituca returned to the site of the village of the yellow leaf .
in the deep forest a trail runs beside the yellow leaf creek .
he had been accused of making bad medicine that caused the destruction of the yellow leaf village .
he had more scalps than any other brave that had lived at yellow leaf .
they are the ones who made war on the village of the yellow leaf .
it is the old aliktce of the creek village at the yellow leaf .
this was the burned out village of the yellow leaf .
they crossed the yellow leaf creek and got onto the trail that ran by the river .
it grew later in the afternoon and was dark by the time he crossed the yellow leaf creek .
i crawled out from under a giant , dead leaf , spit out a mouthful of dirt , and started fighting for my life .
after it flitted through the orchard and out of sight noah became intrigued with the abundance of leaf hoppers .
it moved constantly from leaf to leaf making the whole tree resemble a huge living firework .
somewhere , very high , up the foliage rustled .
he felt himself heat up , he saw a reflection in a silent green leaf of a burning flame , and then his stomach gave a jolt and he felt like he was going to puke .
after that they changed over and jordan had to use his wind controlling skills to soar a tiny leaf at jay from a long distance .
the first time he missed , the second he cheated - curving the leaf as it went off course .
decendio ginormius , she whispered whilst pointing at a leaf , which fell off a branch , landed on the wooden bed and expanded .
goodnight , oh i love magic , she muttered as she sank into her bed and pulled the leaf over her like a cover .
then he pointed at a leaf above him and said , decendio .
the leaf shot down onto jays branch .
her hair went silky and wavy , her leaf dress suddenly blossomed with a tiny pink flower at the top .
there was also an emerald leaf that felt its way up to her knuckle which completed the picture .
the rose portion posed atop a green emerald leaf and was bound by golden tendrils of tiny branches with thorns on all sides .
she sighed and looked back at the red flaxen mare inside the barn that she was leaving behind and whispered a horses prayer , begging that god watch over her and keep her safe , not that a pirate much mattered to god , but maybe a typical chestnut mare did , especially one who had turned over such a new leaf as firewater had .
through the foliage around her , claire could sense the sky darkening and the humidity rising .
claire searched around her , half expecting to see the london mayor lurking amidst the foliage .
she , too , seemed surprised at her quick response and blushed again , lowering her eyes to stare at a grey squirrel scrounging for seeds in the fallen foliage .
he was ninety percent positive that she had lost her mind , but as their relentless enemy emerged from the thicket -- a girl wreathed in chaotic , spinning flames that did not quite touch the foliage above , leaving only a smoldering trail of blackened debris with each cautious step -- the remaining ten percent accepted it all with a strange calm that came balanced in perfect contrast to the bloodlust that still raged only slightly beneath the surface of his otherwise calm expression .
there was nothing but the steady patter of rain falling on foliage and simons soft braying .
the ghostwalker got to his feet , brushing the foliage off his clothes .
the road was always on their left , sometimes clearly visible , and other times lost behind a curtain of foliage .
he listened to every birdcall , noticed every bent leaf or branch , and constantly scanned the ground for telltale marks .
she pulled up the blanket on kendril , then brushed away a stray leaf .
when we started hunting , every rustling leaf or calling bird made me flinch .
a harmless insect , a rustling leaf , a change in the wind .
johnny could hide inside the foliage while vivian checked out the lobby .
massachusetts ' fall foliage was spectacular and from his room in his parents mansion high up on french hill he could see the forests in the distance .
calmly , he picked a long green leaf from the flower arrangement and dipped it into the wine -- it turned white .
colonel jeffrey checked the mirror , chewed on a mint leaf , and went over to greet them .
one grandee who had been responsible for the massacre of over two hundred indians in hispaniola , according to duarte , seemed as meek as a shoe cleaner and had a handshake like a damp lettuce leaf .
all day long these people chewed a fruit called areca , like a pear , wrapped in a leaf from the same tree , called betel .
he found a certain tree that had leaves with feet , and if anyone touched that leaf it ran away .
jacky crossed to the flip - chart and turned to a new leaf .
jacky moved further up the beach , heading into the dense foliage , pushing through it until he had reached the top of a hill .
he peered through the foliage , watching with baited breath as more of the figures emerged from the water , walking slowly and carefully but confidently onto the beach .
one man left the others to guard a tent each while he crossed the beach , heading in jackys direction , into the foliage , to climb the hill .
the foliage surrounded him , but through the gaps he could see the lightening sky .
the black - clad man was coming right towards him , following the same path of trampled foliage that he had traversed .
no man except the most paranoid could ever have expected to walk through foliage on a deserted island and suddenly step into a bear - trap .
the result was that he fell instantly , crashing through the foliage , landing on top of jacky .
quickly now he crawled through the foliage , knowing he did nt have much time .
looking through the foliage , jacky saw that two of the men were in line .
jacky crawled for his life as bullets crashed through the foliage in search of him .
he was the man who had sent carlos into the foliage back on plum island , only to have his face smashed by jacky jackson .
she looked terrified and tired because shed spent the last ten minutes shaking like a leaf .
he pulled a hidden knife from his shoe and its razor sharp edge could nt even cut the dry foliage .
cage looked up and saw a clear sky and only hoped it would last for he was too exhausted to make even a large leaf sit atop his head to dodge the rain .
twice it rained , forcing him to take shelter in the stream and keep the fire alive by burying coals in a green banana tree leaf till it passed .
he watched as the wind simply passed a falling leaf through the side of his illusions face , but it worked .
she pulled back and offered a fresh leaf .
the combination of darkness and the natural barrier of foliage meant they were well hidden from the road .
it was slow going at first , trying to cut through the foliage near the beach .
luckily this opened into a narrow natural path , encompassed on all sides and above by dense , dripping foliage .
scenery looked real enough , yet there was no moisture to be found in the ground , no difference in foliage colour and no new growth visible either .
sometimes its just a colour on a leaf , others its the behaviour of the endearing little ones .
full green foliage , breathtaking scenery and the feeling of paradise on earth where nature reigned supreme .
one scene was deemed enough so the pot - bellied reporter from maple - leaf country once again took center screen .
she felt like a mouse drifting along the riverbank on a leaf .
chapter six angel ( devil ) gardenia hills fancy shops , citizens , and casual air through the streets accenting foliage , all pristine .
burning logs fought to illuminate the dark unknown of nature around it and persisted against a wicked cool breeze cutting through serenity scented by the foliage .
there really was nothing more to see through the speckled panes other than the airport ramp and a dark and blurry faraway horizon of foliage , but jaylas ecstasy drew from simply having her feet touching the foreign ground , as it had been a childhood dream of hers to travel to the islands to experience all she knew they could offer .
she stared through the passengers side window at the big , gray building and its line of foliage against its walls .
monica snatched the rest of her shopping and marched away , trying to look as composed as she could with her hair plastered to her head , a wet leaf stuck to her cheek and her shopping cradled in her arms .
through the patchy foliage , the torches had lit up blue , green and red tartan .
she rose higher and higher into the sky , dragging the golden sheet with her as if it were a thin leaf of latex almost like a trampoline pulled in an upwards direction .
chapter fourteen willy boy lay in thick leaf mulch which had cushioned his fall and looked up at eagle .
kims sobs grew stronger , her slender body shaking like a leaf in the wind .
indeed he was right , as the short stubby trees were in full leaf and grew close enough together that any man who wanted to could successfully hide himself in their midst .
the dense leaf canopy blocked out the moonlight almost completely .
but we are unable to participate in the lighting when we are on the road , as we spend much time travelling through the forest , where it is very hard to find a good spot due to the leaf canopy .
frank pointed through a break in the foliage .
in the distance he could see shadows of overgrown leaf filled trees and hanging vines .
thousands of acres of farmland and lush green foliage being bulldozed and paved over so we can put more explosives and hydrocarbon gulping trucks and airplanes here . ''
she was shaking like a leaf and felt useless .
she could see that although the wood was less than twenty paces deep , it was clogged with interlinking branches , withered foliage and brambles .
his home was intact ; he tore through the foliage where he instructed them to hide .
farid rummaged in the foliage but tahir lost interest in the fennecs activities .
he pulled out his knife and crept through the foliage .
soon , he found himself surrounded by foliage .
he snatched a leaf and turned it over and over as he followed oraden .
there were no fruit trees in sight ; nothing to replace the bitter taste of the leaf .
the foliage behind the fleeing sprites shook far too violently to be caused by their petite bodies .
its just a leaf or something , he offered , following her .
i do nt know , tahir muttered as he scrambled back to his feet , watching as she disappeared behind the thick foliage .
demetrius plucked a large leaf from a nearby tree and folded it .
the leaf appeared to grow as he folded it and turned it and folded again , until it took on the form of a bird .
-demetrius tahir dropped the letter to the ground , unsurprised to see it transform into a dried leaf .
as expected , it was a beautiful landscaperich with grasses , flowers and deciduous foliage .
other books by l. chritina kaelah leaf hopper angry hands talon ( summer 2014 ) the anatomy of journey a soulquest - rohit karthik nalluri copyright 2014 rohit k nalluri published by rohit k nalluri at smashwords smashwords edition license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
and because of the rain , each limb of every tree was a darker shade of brown and each leaf a darker shade of green .
moham and i looked at the truck , looked at each other and then suddenly realized that if sumanth happened to pass by , he would not be able to see us behind the truck and would nt know to stop , and we ran out from behind the truck exactly as sumanth zoomed past , got on the bridge , took the sharp left and disappeared into the mountain foliage .
a leaf stared back at me , green and shaped like a star .
this leaf has jagged edges .
i am nothing but pictures that are flashing past me quickly now a school yard with railway tracks , flag pole , concrete stage with grey banners , large balcony in a beloved apartment , chewing an eraser , pencil with teeth marks , black square hats raining down , lips coming closer and closer and closer , drop of crystal tear on dark eyelash , leaf , first miracle , first letter , first poem , first friend , best friend , mother , sister , brother , drunken night , words , scar , huge fight , disgust , anger , love , anger , love , fear , love , rain , rain drops , hospital room , green wall , clock ticking , second - hand ticking , one more second , one more second , one more second , one more sec * the anatomy of death to speak from beyond death is difficult as language is an extremely weak carrier of cognitive and intuitive understanding .
the road is gone now , leaving the ground empty and rectangular and the foliage around the road still following its previous demarcation .
jack raised his voice just enough that jill could hear him over the sound of the jungle foliage that was brushing against their camouflage suits .
but now , the jungle foliage was blocking most of their view .
the road , walled in by forest on either side , was a black canyon , lit only by the moon and the stars shining through the crevasse of foliage .
a rustling of the foliage at their backs drew their attention .
the huge lion did not flinch as the athenians rushed from the foliage ; he rose calmly from his resting position revealing a litter of kin .
on a number of occasions the rugged war veteran was startled by rustling foliage or disturbed branches far away in the darkness , but all his paranoia would come to a climactic combustion at the moment he heard the deep grunts of those most bloodthirsty clawed beasts of the wilds .
he made a slow descent across the perfectly kept pitch , enjoying the comfort of soft foliage beneath his feet , for it gave some relief to the aches in his joints .
sprinting through the jungle foliage the image of those moments would not stop recurring in his mind .
with trouble they dragged the wounded amidst the dense foliage and helplessly made effort to push their way through the endless array of flora .
brad sat in the only patch of bright sun penetrating the thick foliage .
the interior towered heavenward , an awesome sightblue ceilings bordered with gold leaf .
he steered to the roof and came down as much like a leaf as he could .
the puncture wounds started to ooze blood , letting sheba shake like a leaf .
trees stood here and there in clusters around the castle grounds , their blackened images stark against the bare dawn , fingers yet without spring foliage .
chapter eighteen ravan slid from his horse for the sixth time and knelt , scanning the forest floor , passing his hand over the long dead leaf beds .
a fleeting glimpse of relief passed over her features , but she did not smile , only returned the wave , lifting her arm and hand as a leaf on a breeze , first to her lips and then toward him .
it finally let go when i cut the tendons to the jaw and i rolled away , onto my pack , shaking like a frigging leaf .
unks places a dollar coin on top the soil where he foraged the fancy foliage from .
with that they set off on the trail of broken branches and trampled foliage , the still snarling houdie scanning ahead .
the ground under the dense canopy on the river bank was devoid of any other vegetation , as sunlight did not penetrate the thick foliage .
michael glanced up at the seemingly impenetrable roof of branches and foliage blocking out the moon and the stars .
the bush was eerily silent and not a leaf stirred .
aaron followed his spotlight with the muzzle of his rifle through the leaf canopy , searching .
the red eyes of bush babies were once again visible in the canopy , and there was continuous movement of the foliage as they jumped from branch to branch , hunting the insects of the night .
with that meintjies started descending towards the old bridge with as little disturbance to the foliage as possible .
everyone cheered as they headed home in bright sunshine , all the washed foliage around them glittering in the rising sun .
as he crashed into the foliage with jackson hard on his heels , sasquatch did something unexpected .
ed was staring at a wall of dense foliage , baring his teeth , the growl rumbling in his throat .
something was moving at speed ; they could hear the chilling thud of feet pounding the ground and the thwacking and smashing of foliage .
rising shakily to his feet , he added , we d like to help , of course - in the pocket of her jeans , docs fingers rested on the small pieces of tropical leaf she had gathered for analysis .
i followed gavriel as he waded through the foliage .
there was one red leaf on the floor , enjoying the sunlight coming from the window ; it just stayed right in the middle of the floor .
above him waved tree branches and a leaf broke free , tumbling through the air to land on his shoulder .
he looked again westward down the roadway toward the island ; nothing there at all , not even a leaf moved in the heavy air .
a mist from earlier had lifted and water dripped from the foliage .
ahead was another customs but this had a massive red maple leaf flying from the flagpole .
to their left , a row of small steps disappeared down the steep valley side beneath a thick foliage of trees and ferns .
the sunny slope turned to a shady cover of overhanging bows , moisture dripped off the foliage and cicadas cackled everywhere .
finally he stopped and pushed his way though a small patch of quite heavy foliage .
only large drips from the rain dripped through the foliage above and the cold breeze on the plateau was absent in this sheltered spot .
the stream tumbled by and foliage was lush .
j - man plucked a leaf from his shirt and nodded .
the portion that chaiko was given was very inviting , served still steaming on a broad leaf .
most trees were burned by the fire and the few that survived show only part foliage ... he tailed off .
a balmy breeze blew through the foliage , each breath setting the leaves to shivering .
as the last group retreated down the hole , they dragged a leaf to cover the entrance .
ushi then took the next out of a fold , the onlookers gasping at the sight of it : a spearhead shaped like a laurel leaf of a peculiar yellow color !
yes , the hunter was so incapacitated and helpless that it was pure kindness on elas part to take care of him , offering him a leaf full of roasted acorns with sharp tasting coriander leaves .
chapter 18 hidden by the thick foliage of the bush in front of him , cosh peered with undivided intensity at cave hill .
time passed with the reassuring murmur of the water , in the movement of shadows and the play of wind among the foliage .
dawn came over to him and gave him some food served in the fold of a broad leaf ... lightly cooked vegetables , tender young carrots and some white roots covered by a rich meat sauce .
these days , shed cry if a leaf fell on a flower , oceanna said .
lying atop the other reading material sat a small brown book with a peculiar design inscribed in gold leaf upon the cover .
picking several more of the riper ones , he wrapped them in a leaf before putting them in his backpack .
after eating a dozen or so he gathered a number of the ripest ones and wrapped them in a leaf before placing them in his backpack .
he wrapped what was left in a leaf before putting it in his backpack .
in the falcons left claw was grasped a stick with but a single leaf upon the upper end , and in the other claw was a dagger with the blade pointing down .
directly before the gate , in the midst of the foliage , was the beginning of a trail that wound its way deeper into the swamp .
charka instructed them to put green , or even damp , foliage onto the fire .
snarling , the pair of trolls crashed through the dead trees and withered foliage .
slightly curled in on themselves , each leaf looked like a hand , frozen in the act of curling in on itself to form a fist .
not a leaf was left on any of the branches above , nor were any present upon the ground below .
the second leaf was smaller .
he jerked his fingers back when the stalk whipped up and the large leaf made as if to grab his outstretched digits .
in his left hand the man gripped a two - foot branch from an old oak ; a single leaf of dark green extended from a small twig at the top .
the leaf curled tightly around its captive as the stalk settled back to its former , limp position .
though probably not fatal , it still might be wise to avoid coming into contact with that leaf .
he gazed down once more , scanning the foliage and saw the blue of tom 's jersey working its way upward .
looking out for jack as he went , hoping to catch a glimpse of him amongst the foliage , tom came upon a big elm tree that marked the edge of a small wood and saw something that made him come to a dead stop .
shortly afterward they were settled down under the cover of several large beech trees , dredger having decided that the surrounding foliage would provide adequate cover .
tom looked carefully , scanning the foliage but could n't see anything .
at the edge of their small camp the badger was on watch , concealed within a dense thicket of foliage and confident that mo could be relied upon , he let himself relax at last , his muscles loosening .
a noise to his left like the snapping of a twig made him swing around and look hard into the foliage .
` ` all is not well here , '' he told them , his eyes darting from side to side , scanning the surrounding bushes and foliage for any potential eavesdropper .
a deep voice abruptly boomed out from somewhere behind him and tom almost fell over trying to turn around , but all he saw was more foliage .
gold leaf trees grew as far as the eye could see , but aside from the stadium he was almost snatched away to hell , this one was a palace of sparkling ice .
one tournikka leaf goes for three thousand points and to make ointment would require no less than twenty .
with one hand she grabbed odin and threw him aside like a weightless leaf .
i do nt really know what that means but it sounds like it takes all the foliage off of you .
using a green leaf as a napkin , he grabbed hold of the head by the mouth and tapped it on a large flat rock .
as captain rhett butler and his group reeled their horses around to head up the hill , they fired blindly into the dense foliage above them .
autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower .
as kelly slipped into the drivers seat of her new truck a leaf fell from her costume and nestled upon the gravel in the church parking lot .
a leaf falling into the water makes a soft , barely discernible sound .
the soft rapid fluttering of a dragonfly landing on the leaf and then the sudden turmoil of erupting water as a fish jumps at the unsuspecting dragonfly .
the green lush trees with their layers of foliage and its canopy looked like something straight out of a national geographic article on the brazilian rainforest .
minutes later , a gray squirrel poked his face from a leaf nest .
to bring into order meant to take dry heat - cured leaves , which would shatter when handled , and put the foliage into the cellar tied to sticks where the leaves absorbed water from the damp air .
he did listen to every leaf , every blade of grass , every tiny sound .
in the moody light the foliage seemed a darker green than would usually be indicative of the late season .
he peered through the foliage , looking for movement .
the foliage of facial hair worshipping his face dries off due to his intense body heat , and forms into the shape of a giant fist , holding another giant fist , that s holding an angry serpent with a pair of knives in its mouth which are stabbing into an inferior warrior , who also seems to have impaled himself out of his incompetence ; its a large beard , the reader must understand .
maybe i do , her mother said , removing a leaf from jeras ear .
and then the snap of twigs and foliage below .
they re fairly dense foliage and smell like spicy woodsy fucner laughs and winks at skippy .
the road they entered the forest on quickly disappeared into the lush foliage , rarely traveled on for many years now , she figured .
the eagle waited for her on a jagged stone that jutted out from the snarl of moss and leaf - litter .
by the looks of the broken foliage and furrows in the soil , it appeared that the eagle 's true - bonded had disappeared inside one such hole .
he smiled , breathing heavily , and sagged back against the foliage , his eagle hovering protectively near .
stella queried , catching one deep green spade - shaped leaf .
when johnnie reached her , coming to crouch beside her , he too was shaking like a leaf .
pull the leaf from the artichoke and hold it by the narrow end , scrape your teeth along the surface of the leaf like a vampire .
pull the leaf from the artichoke and hold it by the narrow end , scrape your teeth along the surface of the leaf like a vampire .
i m just a leaf in the wind .
the stranger slowly walked to the rostrum : the prophecies come true : i will send the dwellers of the land timidity of heart , rustling of a withering leaf will chase them and they will stumble over one another and they will fall , although nobody is after them .
his heart began to wave like an autumn leaf in the strong , gusty wind .
chase had already had a run in with saw palmetto , each blade , because that s what it was , it was nt a leaf , covered in tiny serrated little teeth , needle sharp , a formidable weapon .
thinking it a leaf , she brushed it off , looked down and discovered a pigmy rattler , which had been lying on top of her door .
bits and pieces of foliage wafted by and just as annie felt the water start to recede a little something else headed in her direction .
the terrain was getting steeper and rockier , but the foliage was still as dense as before , making the search almost impossible .
not a leaf stirred .
there were the usual small sounds of insects and the rustlings of foliage .
the brook murmured cheerily nearby and a light wind played in the foliage .
there was no wind to disturb the surface or sway the reed beds and the foliage on shore .
something warbled nearby from the bushes and she turned her head to see , but could not penetrate the dense foliage .
by late spring , however , the foliage would erupt in a dense canopy through which nothing could be seen from above , and the subway riders would commute unaware of lives being lived out of sight and out of mind .
probably it was just some trick of the eye sunlight reflected from the river onto the underside of the leaves , the breeze in the foliage , clouds shape - shifting ... she was reading a book when he returned to her .
heavy foliage , loose rocks , and broken branches littered the sloping ground .
marissa climbed the fence and walked up a well - worn path through the overgrowth of foliage , which crept over and threatened to cover the path forever .
there was nt much foliage covering the ground either .
they touched down like a leaf blown by the wind , carried along by the instinctual call that beckoned her forward .
a twig snaps within the foliage to his right betraying the silent recoil of whatever manner of creature has been watching him .
just outside the window , a yellow weaver bird was busy stripping a palm leaf to build his nest on the tip of a bouncing branch .
she touches each wet leaf , frowning with confusion .
it was thick , heavy set , and had an abundance of weed and foliage growing all along it .
as the renault passed through the deepest stand of trees a man stepped from behind dense foliage and leveled an automatic rifle at departing vehicle .
he darted uphill through dense foliage and then , as mario wasted time brutalizing his colleague , he started climbing and did nt stop until he got half way up a sixty - foot tree and sequestered on a heavy limb .
after hiding the guards corpse under dense foliage tommy set off straight up the hill .
he feels the dampness of the moss against his skin and smells the rich complexity of the leaf - mould and soil beneath his feet .
come , the magur said simply , leading paul off the road onto leaf covered soil beneath a stand of tall beach trees .
he looked back to ask a question but in the space where she had been there were only damp branches , leaf mould and darkness .
spires , turrets and glimpses of lush , green foliage rise up from behind its enclosing walls .
it was nt much of a stream , more of a trickle of brackish , leaf - filled water winding its way between the rocks and tree roots of the valley floor but he followed it down , until , just beyond a large boulder he found a small pool , big enough to fill his saucepan .
his vision was razor sharp , picking out every sodden leaf and blade of grass below in minute detail .
they passed the ring of standing stones and entered the forest on a narrow trail which wound haphazardly around the mighty trunks of oak , ash , elm and beech trees , the ground at their feet soft with fallen leaf - mould and the air alive with the chatter of birdsong .
there was precious little vegetation on the planet , as though the purely carnivorous vramileen inherently disliked foliage of any kind but grudgingly realized its necessity in their ecosystem .
he noiseless slipped across the darkened road , disappearing through a break in the foliage .
a thick forest pressed against the ondor village where only thin rays of sunlight peeked through the canvas of lush foliage , sprinkling the town with radiant pearls of light .
the light of the three suns sparkled against the colorful odd - shaped buildings spread across the city , where giant gebin trees shadowed the streets and homes with their red and yellow foliage .
in front of them , beyond the fine white sand , dense tropical foliage led to a narrow beach where a crystal - clear blue ocean went on as far as the eye could see .
as every flower , every leaf of every tree paused in the past to spread wide every membrane to drink in the mothers milk , so charlie now paused in his duties to acknowledge the consistency of life , the unknown symphony of which he was merely a brief note .
the man continued walking to an outdoor tea shop on the corner called the golden tea leaf .
were about nine and i chase her through the dense foliage .
an abandoned department store emerges around the next bend , giving me another flashback- this same location , but its hot , and rich with foliage .
the umbrella like foliage of the large pine tree bending inward from the edge of the hill that had sloped steeply down to the valley , was swaying in the gentle breeze spreading in the air powdery spores that hung on the air for some time and floated down to dissipate slowly .
he stood leaning against the pine that had taken a kinky bent into the slope of the hill and he watched the gentle breeze playing on the foliage spreading like an umbrella .
no disturbed foliage or broken limbs .
the demon plucked a stray leaf off his polo shirt .
the demon flowed from the dark foliage , polo shirt and slacks rumpled and with an obvious blood stain soaking the hem of his shirt where it looked like he 'd rubbed his stained handwhich of course was fully healed .
` ` car , '' gregor announced and they slunk back into the dark foliage as a sweet little sports car pulled onto the bridge .
princess alice , a comparatively new recruit not used to such conditions , could be heard repeatedly grunting as she knocked now her arm , now her heard against the deciduous foliage they passed ; jake the peg , on one occasion , got his wooden leg stuck in a boggy mire and had to fashion himself a new one from a nearby branch .
a red velvet carpet stretched out ahead of them towards an enormous staircase with handrails of gold leaf and mahogany .
rather , the suns rays now lit up a beautiful woodland scene : wildlife ( or potential lunch ) scurried about up the trees and into their holes , running along the sun - dappled leaf bed of the forest floor .
he struggled to see where it was coming from at first , for all that lay in his field of vision was leaves and foliage .
his smile faded and his brows furrowed , he s out in front of long leaf , he told me .
long leaf elementary was next dooronly about two hundred yards away .
i paced over to the second peel and i examined the open field , to my right , between pine forest and long leaf .
then why did they raid long leaf ?
bellview was a small sports complex adjacent to long leaf .
corman leaf , coursa said to joffs questioning look .
the corman leaf works .
before anyone could respond , a man burst through a wall of thick foliage fronting two large trees , hurtling himself forward until he lost his balance and fell onto the steep slope that led up to the road .
pungent smells of rotting foliage , leaves , and bark mixed with the pleasant scents of pine and wildflowers .
the three of them slipped past a thick wall of foliage and rounded a huge oak .
creaking and crashing sounded from behind them , twigs and branches breaking , leaves and foliage swishing as large things moved closer .
yet another showed a jungle or rainforest , thick with trees and vines and foliage .
my little leaf sparrow , billy , took to the air and flitted about , reflected my nerves .
everywhere fluttered giant leaf hoppers and moths .
what was left of him gathered itself together and went scurrying through the leaf litter , taking refuge under a rock .
i clung to karla like an ant to a leaf in a windstorm .
as she watched , like a leaf consumed by an invisible flame , like a cloud in the desert sky , he dwindled away to nothing .
a dead leaf fluttered down out of the sky , hanging in the breeze a bit longer than seemed natural .
bits of leaf came together and annealed around the edges .
this was especially true in the mila forest around coe baba , where most of the trees were of the falling - leaf kind , deciduous , and not of the evergreen kind that grew up tall like the mountains .
while the other side of the mountain had been nothing but scrubby foliage , pine trees , boulders , and scree , the land opening up before her was lush and green .
the master of causes does not neglect the fall of the thinnest leaf , and he has not forgotten about the plight of our homeland .
the air felt soft and warm on his face as he picked a leaf off of the scrubby little tree next to the stoop and looked at its thread like green veins , spread out haphazardly , like the fingers on a deformed hand .
she 'd put tiny golden leaf clips on either side of her jet black bangs and a hammered gold cuff bracelet on each wrist .
they walked away , down the sidewalk , and lo glanced back over her shoulder as the house was swallowed up by ancient magnolias and foliage .
the spot of red leather disappeared like a magic trick into the green foliage .
he fidgeted with his shirt , tore a leaf from a hanging branch , scratched at his hair again , and picked up a stone , only to toss it into the trees .
dead , twisted twigs , that held a morbid beauty of their own , mingled with younger braches that carried contrastingly fresh , green leaves ; other soft branches cascaded toward the ground , their foliage glowing gold in the sun as if they produced their own light .
they emerged from behind the trees and other foliage -- three of them -- shaped like men with eyes burning bright orange in the dim light .
shimmer kept an eye on them from a distance as she grazed on foliage .
her body was suddenly as light as a feather -- no , a leaf !
its clover leaf salve , keebo explained .
she thought of keebos clover leaf salve .
when i thought we put enough steps between us and our pursuers , i dove into the foliage , taking celeste with me .
they were so plentiful ; they almost looked like part of the foliage , large white feather bundles among deep shades of green .
owen posted two men near the boardwalk entrance , in the foliage - a guy with binoculars glued to his face and the other guy with a rifle scope glued to his .
we overlooked a park with trees and foliage and small ponds and benches .
like a leaf on a babbling brook , he let himself drift along , letting the stream dictate pace and direction and then he felt himself slow and then stop .
the top of the low hill was formed flat and circled on that level border by large white trees with vibrant foliage , a variety never seen in the verden .
the bright green foliage and summer flowers of that lone branch stood in sharp contrast to the rest of the shrub .
she remembered sitting deep in foliage of the trees that lined the lynch property until the lights went out in the cottage late into last evening .
within the thick foliage was what some described as an opulent tree house .
finally relaxed and in much better spirits , saraid laid back and absently stared out through the dense foliage to her lands beyond .
a small patch of slender , pale trees stood nearby , their lower thin branches limp and bereft of foliage .
her feet sank into the moist carpet of undergrowth as she walked beneath trees of brightly changing foliage .
transformed near death , the foliage had ripened into a pretty assortment of red and golden hues .
pushing their way through trees , the sun filters down through thick foliage piercing serena even through the cape and her scales beneath .
it catches a leaf mid - air , spearing it through the center and pinning it to a dead tree .
he steps toward serena , pulling a leaf from her hair .
susliks rummaged in leaf litter seeking nuts and seeds .
he disappeared into the foliage that had overgrown the trail .
every shifting leaf in the breeze shimmered with fairy dust glow .
valentino eyed the foliage down the road suspiciously .
he slipped into the foliage with pistol at his feet .
looking up at the ornate cross , its gold leaf shining in the colorful light , he thought of rainer .
after the rider disappeared into the foliage thal snuck along very carefully with a pistol drawn .
a ray of the setting sun came through the foliage and hit milekos face .
the urban stone and stink of her native prague no matter how artfully dressed up could not compare to the majesty of this place where even a falling leaf presented a transitory glimpse of infinite peace .
her eyes watched the foliage expectantly , examining the green shield for gaps .
the forest was now a mix of conifers and deciduous with great broad leaf trees filling the gaps between slender pines and firs .
she seemed to know every plant , every animal , every tree , mushroom , root , leaf , and branch in the forest .
it was so easy , a few gestures , the moving of air , the snapping of a twig , the crumpling of a leaf would start the chain reaction that would bring an end to this war .
hisses , grunts , and growls intermingled with the crunch of foliage , the patter of the rain , and the thump of feet .
he was powerless to help , was nothing more than a leaf being blown by a tornado , was no more powerful than that leaf to stop what was happening .
he was powerless to help , was nothing more than a leaf being blown by a tornado , was no more powerful than that leaf to stop what was happening .
he slipped away into the wet foliage so quickly and silently that he might be one of the pad - footed forest creatures he protected .
there was a dead leaf on his pillow , probably carried in on wrens pajamas .
her wings were spread to their fullest span , pushing the foliage aside , and her beak was hanging open in a pant .
there was a cool wind blowing that made nolan think of autumn leaves , but the foliage was as lush and green as any .
wren raised both hands and blocked the blast , sending the lightning fragments scattering harmlessly among the foliage .
green eyes , but not emerald green or leaf green .
it was also wearing a very simple leaf garment but it had a ring of silver around its head .
he picked up another sage leaf and tore it into tiny pieces , fingers aching with arthritis .
let the touch of each leaf heighten your senses , the sweet smell fill your soul , and say a prayer .
whisper , who had also heard the menacing sound , joined him , lowering one dark green leaf just enough to find the source .
up above , an owl soared silently through the trees , rustling not so much as a single leaf .
then she slips the leaf under the cooked fish and places two large portions on a broad leaf , the others she wraps carefully in the remaining leaves .
then she slips the leaf under the cooked fish and places two large portions on a broad leaf , the others she wraps carefully in the remaining leaves .
amongst the leaf - naked trees , a flash of red , trella coasts lower .
~ 12 ~ astra leafawna is already on her feet , chasing a leaf blown by a casual wind across the ground .
layfeena , she corrects , still chasing her leaf .
she struggles , trying in vain to chase her leaf .
though the bushes were losing their shapes and the paved walks were dirty and leaf - strewn , i could sense the peace that had once bloomed here like the small white flowers .
but the treetops were still , not a leaf rustled .
he bent down and retrieved something about as long as his foot from the leaf mold .
i waited , poised like a piece of gold leaf on the tip of a needle , fluctuating with her breath , her mood .
they littered the ground , congregating around fallen tree trunks and surrounding foliage , camouflaging the land in orange and yellow .
when we passed the tree line , the little light the moon cast got completely swallowed in the thick coverage of branches and foliage .
she heard the opening of his tea leaf container almost at the same time she smelled its lovely aroma .
had he actually been capable of concentrating on his trek through the jungle , however , it would nt have taken nearly as long ; but his mind was so jumbled and his hatred so engulfing that he was incapable of overcoming even the simplest task of moving the foliage out of his way in order to walk .
brents blade had sliced through the air and lopped off a large leaf from one of the larger shrubs nearby .
brent , let me show come on dad , i wan na get jake to show me how to use it , brent interrupted and hastened back to the beach , slicing the foliage on his way .
melissa started to remove the vines and other foliage while dianna searched for something to dig with .
dianna threw the leaf away and started digging .
he started to move the foliage from the ground and after a couple of minutes he found a stick that would do nicely .
for the moment she was content to watch his muscular arms as he parted and sliced through the foliage to create their path .
she would have to start pushing her way through the foliage to reach it and that would slow her down considerably .
jakes chest was on fire now as he kept cutting the foliage to get to celeste .
i ' m not the caretaker of the people but the mountains themselves , its wildlife and foliage .
a pomegranate , the most sacred of all trees , and judging from the shape of leaf , a variety that no longer exists on earth .
i keep leaning toward the brown but then get worried about foliage .
it was partially hidden by brush and foliage , garius observed , as the gnome knocked loudly on its hard , wooden surface .
he employed this while he familiarized himself with the weight of daegnar giruth , practicing his strokes over and over into the open air and upon several of the bushes and foliage nearby .
it hit the ground some fifty feet away and shattered into a hundred shards upon the rocky ground below them , the parts scattering and vanishing in the weeds and foliage .
and the crawlers , one of which peered up at him over the row of foliage not twenty feet away , were like giant insects .
greenish - black ooze emerged from the things chestthe shell was softer there , orngoth realizedand the ichor covered the leaf and moss littered ground .
the faceless knights of order are a very real possibility , he mused as they were finally greeted by a handful of amrellians , emerging from deep within the foliage to present themselves to their friendly guests .
there was not a breath of air sufficient to stir a leaf on a tree , and the very flame of the candle which charles had left burning in the balcony burnt clearly and steadily , being perfectly unruffled by any wind .
for about two paces , the far bank looked just like the one cheyne was standing on ; rich dirt sloped up to contain the lazily flowing water and finally leveled to the same high grass and various foliage that could have banked any river anywhere .
the wind moaned morosely through the bows and small creatures scurried and called in the dense foliage .
alyssas eyes followed a large leaf as it danced across the parking lot .
well , i found a petal of cherry blossom and a leaf of peppermint beside them in the garden .
three magpies took to the air with a cry as the foliage at the far side of the clearing burst apart .
the panic that had so driven her was gone now and in its wake she found herself shaking like a leaf in the breeze .
he was lifted from his feet and flew across the chamber , like a leaf in the autumn winds .
the gigantic mausoleum was home now only to the foliage and to the deceased .
marthir paused and examined it with interest ; the foliage was crushed and shredded .
his skin , half covered in fur , dried like a leaf in autumn .
emelia shook like a leaf , the sharp edge of the sword still pressed on her neck .
his breath burned molten hot in his chest as he crashed through the foliage .
i was shaking like a leaf , terrified of the monster under my bed .
surrounded on all sides by encroaching foliage , the environment had an aura of significance .
from above , a dead leaf fluttered down on the breeze and came to rest on the grass .
from the foliage canopy came a blood curdling squawk .
i was shaking like a leaf , my entire body rippling with vibrations .
benny , managing to keep close to the ground , was dragged tumbling and rolling like a leaf in a stiff breeze , ten or fifteen meters before being deposited savagely into the side of a car .
these are special four leaf clover shamrocks that have been preserved in gold leaf , oshanna informed them .
these are special four leaf clover shamrocks that have been preserved in gold leaf , oshanna informed them .
the four leaf clover is very special to the leprechaun people .
each leaf represents something .
the first leaf is for hope , the second for faith , the third for love and the fourth leaf is for luck .
the first leaf is for hope , the second for faith , the third for love and the fourth leaf is for luck .
quite by accident , one of the goblins happened to look up after a leaf fell on his nose and made him jump , and he spotted the aelf among the branches .
the refugees have heard of trees , but none anticipates their majestic forms and foliage variations .
the vodyanoi moved with an odd grace through the foliage .
with his longsword , wollander pushed aside the foliage to reveal a body , bloodied , his soft pale hair spoiled by the dirt .
out of the foliage appeared seven men bearing the highmark 's colors , armed with crossbows .
the undead persistently followed them into the yard , over the leaning fence , and through the dead foliage .
he turned just in time to see a massive dark shape leap up from the shadowy foliage , his mind at once associating the shape with a reaver , and his heart skipped a beat .
eerily something slithered through the foliage , snaking under his feet , and he had to wonder , what else had the devil released ?
ruby who was now sitting on a woodbine leaf just shrugged her shoulders in reaction .
hadge cautiously advanced to the opening , seeing a mass of dead foliage on the other side .
he fixated on the soft sound of frozen grass shifting from the dark chasm , followed by something slithering through the deadened foliage to his right , but nothing was there , just an excerpt into the minds of madness .
she found a crystal accented leaf tiara with rhinestones and pearls , which was attached to a cathedral length veil , which had two layers of tulle that gave it a romantic look .
dense foliage surrounded the angel as he drifted forward .
a group of indians were huddled together among the ground foliage , peering up into the canopy .
quick progress was made , and he soon found himself on the leaf - strewn jungle floor amid thick foliage .
quick progress was made , and he soon found himself on the leaf - strewn jungle floor amid thick foliage .
had she looked to her right , she would ve found me staring like a mouse hiding from a snake behind a leaf .
they were flying fast , and by the time the ape glanced up , they 'd passed beyond the foliage of surrounding trees .
the two raced past him and were quickly out of view behind a screen of foliage , whence there came the sounds peculiar to a mating game : hoarse laughter , giggles , shrieks , and then the sound of playful tussling on the leaf - strewn ground .
the two raced past him and were quickly out of view behind a screen of foliage , whence there came the sounds peculiar to a mating game : hoarse laughter , giggles , shrieks , and then the sound of playful tussling on the leaf - strewn ground .
no ape alive remembers eden 's land , but are n't there tales , remembered by your band , of country where the very brambles sway aside , to keep from getting in your way -- where every leaf is pleasing to the sight , and nature all conspires for your delight ?
for nura , time passed as swiftly as a twirling leaf , and she enjoyed her new house guests more with each passing year .
if a leaf is unbroken , it tallies as a double fault .
there was a short staff whose wood appeared alive , even down to tiny leaf buds along its length .
another burst of light , another drifting leaf , and the two men were standing in a shaft of sunlight .
the foliage here was mostly short tussock grass , with a few stands of poplars and blackleaf scattered about .
around us , wolves were escaping in leaps and bounds , their bodies nothing but streaks of color through the foliage , their steps silent but for the occasional rustle of leaves on the forest floor .
i was shivering like a leaf in the wind , as terrified as marcus and liam , when i should be remembering one very important fact : i was nt dinner .
asrai was crouched beside me now , body arched like a cat and fingers digging into the foliage at her feet .
the sun had just risen over the tops of the trees on what was to be a promisingly beautiful day ; the birds lighting upon the abundance of new foliage were filling the air with their soft and enchanting melodies .
at that moment another stone leaf moved again , turning backward , contrary to the movement of time .
that the dream of messiah was , at last , falling into pieces as the ash of a leaf finally crumbles away into the lapping flames of fire .
the woods appeared to be glowing iridescently and every color of flower , leaf , and rock seemed to be magnified .
with one hand reaching into her backpack digging for her box of camel lights , she stole across the leaf - littered grass to the tree line .
the ruined walls of the croft were well - screened by dense foliage and a small forest of overgrown weeds , and the dwarf was confident that no - one else knew of its existence .
she strained to reach further - yes , the branch thickened , and she could feel a single , solitary leaf which had somehow managed to withstand the onslaught of the brutal storm .
i quickly hid in some of the denser foliage and waited for the hikers to pass .
nona tucked a piece of leaf - strewn hair behind an ear , ` ` i only relented to marry pavo because my father had threated to throw me out to the forest goblins .
severus fumbled for his sword in the leaf litter beside him and , grasping it about the middle of the blade in the half - sword grip that his father had taught him for such an occasion , he slammed the hilt of it into the axe - wielders abdomen .
the brothers then began to wrestle atop the leaf litter and over the next while as they rolled , grabbed and punched at one another , two decades of pent up bitterness between the two spilled out on the forest floor .
cried a detractor from the silver leaf village .
it was quiet at first , until one of them - a man who appeared slightly older than severus , stood and spoke , ` ` the silver leaf village respectfully withdraws its aid to the village of two - crows .
he nodded , admiring the leaf shaped arrowhead and bright red tassel that hung from its top .
several trees and bushes lined clear , cloudy paths rising high with lush green or blue foliage .
the paths were lined by trees with bright purple foliage , which seemed to carpet the ground enough to turn it purple as well .
she had to stop from laughing as they paused under a tree and terra glared up at the purple foliage .
he picked up mila , as if she was nothing more than a leaf in his arms , and carried her to the mountains that he had made .
a leaf on a stick brushed up against his pant leg , but he ignored it .
he picked up a golden leaf , and it seemed to speak to him .
hawk smiled at her and reached for a cookie shaped like an oak leaf , with a coffee - flavored glaze on it .
she was shaking like a leaf in my arms .
they did nt crunch on the leaf and twig covered ground , like i did , and their big army surplus boots did nt thump noticeably , like mine did .
the moonlight filtered through , limning shapes in pale grey , sliding across the wind - touched foliage like quicksilver .
the crowd was small , impatient , and called out for more song ; they paused in their reunion to sing a second one : this song was born in ruins overgrown by knotted pine that tangled up the memories and twisted up the rhymes ; those woods were borne of angry men whose eyes have long - since closed ; their ears will never hear again ; they ve been too - long exposed ; their skin has crawled from flesh and bone and fed the plants around ; their limbs will never stand alone , will never dance around ; the muscles that were once so trim are trimmer , now , indeed ; they fed the roots their nutrients and sated growing seed ; the trees are dank and strangely warped , as if in anguished pain ; the vines that drape like fetters worn , resemble tarnished chains ; the undergrowth is rich with rot , and fungus thrives therein ; their presence tells of things forgot and years that lie between but if you listen for the wind on days too still to break , you may perchance to hear the men if they should deem to speak ; you ll hear the cries of horrid death in these , their graven woods ; with every leaf , their passing breath is fully understood ; the trees reflect their mad repose ; the rot reflects their mind ; but who are they ?
and the dead shall inherit the earth a potion sipped by moistened tongue ; a mind whose thoughts are freely spun ; a hand that s firm but gently held ; and whispered words of tortured spell ; the magic flows like well - made web ; the content sings of pain and dread ; the corpses flung from death betrayed have stirred , are rising from their graves ; the silence gasps as movement creeps , and once again are they who sleep whose hands decayed and eyes of dust upward through dirt are thrust ; the earth is bleeding tangled dead with drops of blood that quickly spread across the cemetery lawn like frozen thoughts unbidden drawn ; a voice of driest crinkled leaf has summoned them , said , come to me .
just as we reached the frenzied band , i heard more furious movement among the foliage .
although i saw nothing but dense foliage , the voice was still theremocking me , mocking my fear .
cerena plucked off a leaf and handed it to me .
now , chew it just a bit , but then let if just sit in your mouth and swallow the juices as they come out , she explained , but make sure you do nt eat the leaf , she warned .
i asked , wondering what could happen with such a small leaf .
within a couple minutes , the leaf got really nasty , quickly , so i spit it out .
on either side of the carpet large columns , trimmed in gold leaf rose from floor to the painted arched ceiling .
the craftsmanship was of the most delicate and intricate variety and each detail inlaid with gold leaf .
he peered into the foliage when his eye was drawn by a moving branch and then he saw it .
each column was carved with the most exquisite and intricate detail , each inlaid with gold leaf .
he repeated this process of applying his lips to the wound and sucking upon it and spitting out what he sucked several times before applying the paste he had made and bandaging the wound with a large leaf he also retrieved from the box .
there was no response from the wood elf , just silence and the odd rustle of a leaf upon a branch .
butterflies with colors of even greater intensity than the foliage flitted throughout the sublime scenery .
she could n't see the expanse of the property beyond the mature trees with yellow and tawny foliage swaying in a careless breeze that obstructed her view .
one general led the unicorn riding cavalry , two thousand wore light silver amour these were the elite guard of eldor castle and led the city cavalry numbering three thousand , another led five thousand foot bowmen and the third led a ten wide column of another five thousand swordsmen and pike men all dressed in light brown leather body armor and helmets with leaf green cloaks .
elzik marched across the white marble floor which had gold leaf running outwards across the vast echoless hall like branches of a golden tree , reaching out from the raised golden throne which represented the tree trunk .
avaris had come upon the monster that stomped through the romanian campsite , but there were also countless pairs of red eyes dotting the foliage where camouflaged lizards waited , the smaller offspring of the four legged serpent .
shinji took a road not cluttered with pedestrians and walked up a hill into seclusion where the foliage pulled back around a statue of the buddha .
movement shook the trees and he saw the green eyes of the black panther buried within the foliage before a deafening sound blasted through the leaves .
life is a flowing river and every person is a leaf on its current .
each leaf falls from a tree into the water at a random place while moving with the flow , and no matter how that leaf floats it will inevitably pass over rough water , rocks , and whirlpools .
each leaf falls from a tree into the water at a random place while moving with the flow , and no matter how that leaf floats it will inevitably pass over rough water , rocks , and whirlpools .
it can only decide , as a human does , how to deal with that turmoil , and when a person chooses to attach themselves to negativity the leaf is pulled to shore , where it is fixed in that position until it dries up .
he almost slipped in the puddle of satoshis blood when he rushed into the daimyos quarters and left through the back , heading east into the deep foliage and towards the front gate .
the children were a flurry of movement , darting in all directions ; hiding behind branches , atop limbs , and burying themselves in thick piles of foliage .
she said , we may yet meet again , then she entered the foliage and disappeared completely from his sight .
it was drizzling , draping the foliage in glimmering liquid diamonds .
the rest of the wolves were rarely seen , silently blending into the foliage around them , and keeping watch for bears , or worse .
breathed shawna , finally finding her voice , eyes darting to every moving shadow and rustling leaf .
each tree carried leaves colored differently than the others and , though the travelers were too busy to notice , if they had stopped and stared a while , they would have seen that each leaf on each tree was slowly changing color , from bright red to blue , purple to gold , anything to anything .
finally , after the fire was lit , they were able to see around the clearing , which was in no way natural but like a hallway cut into the surrounding foliage .
once in the thick of the forest , esmeralda began to notice something that may have been going on for some time : all of the foliage surrounding them was moving .
under the foliage stood a turtle .
the air was sweet with beautiful , natural smellsperfumes of bark and leaf and fruit .
it covered the ground , trees , branches , and foliage in a casing of frozen water .
the streams and roads reminded him of the veins on a leaf , twisting and reaching as though they had no purpose , but touching all the land and nurturing it .
afterwards , with both their desires sated , mina lay on his chest , twirling his house ring around her own finger while he smoked a glass pipe filled with calona leaf .
as merran took a moment to fully appreciate eolynthe white moth was currently perched upon a wide green leaf just above his heada large dragonfly with a glistening green body alighted upon ashwins shoulder .
suddenly , the golden light was no longer there , and she was fluttering down to the ground , like a leaf in fall .
then is dissipated and mallory came fluttering down like a leaf .
as she neared the ground , i began to flutter this way and that , like a leaf .
there was some ancient writing writ large in gold leaf across the marble top of the seating area .
i made sure to keep the archduke in sight , fearing i would lose him as the foliage obscured most of my view .
a large fox ran into the foliage on my right .
she peels away the swans and lions and tigers , the foliage and shrubs not quite real , the leaves and fruits that taste of honey and ice .
i could feel him shaking like a leaf and made a silent promise to myself that i d always be there for eric , even if i did nt want to .
when the door shut behind me i was shaking like a leaf .
it felt like i swallowed down any emotion as i stared at the guy tied in front of me , trembling like a leaf as he said no- please !
he shook his head , and that just made me angrier , feeling him tremble like a leaf .
i was shaking like a leaf , seriously .
do esaf stopped as his voice unexpectedly boomed rather than being muffled by the dense foliage .
he fingered a thick , broad leaf , ... except this .
there was little foliage on these trees , and what was there was either half - eaten by mite or covered in mould .
they have thalgarths which do not make use of the emblem of ala , but a corrupted design of leaf embedded with the acorn of acrath the turncoat .
every leaf and stone was overturned , but they returned fruitless .
beneath his green headband , intricately adorned with strange heraldry and elaborate leaf motifs , were frozen grey eyes , as solemn and downcast as the clouded sky .
thalla retired to bed , curling up beside the dwindling fire , and ifferon began to doze against the great trunk of a willow tree , which , while sparse in foliage , gave a canopy of cover from the bleak , black sky .
pine needles and decaying foliage softened the trail .
slowly , she examined the clearing , studying the ground , rocks , and foliage .
he was shaking like a leaf in a storm and appeared to be going into shock right before her eyes .
he then felt himself move helplessly with the strong wind currents , his body tossed about as if he was a helpless leaf and was swept far away from the town .
like a grenade , the doom stone shard exploded upon impact ; its red flames seared through gha'haram 's bark and vines and burned them to cinder , freeing mathias from his tomb of foliage .
the force threw them backwards , passing through alora 's charging leaf men and onto their backs .
she sat up , wiped her eyes with her dainty hands , blew her nose on a leaf , and said , i m going to do it !
then she burst into laughter , as she pulled a leaf out of his hair .
it appeared to be a tiny woman wearing nothing but a leaf wrapped around her body .
lov burst through the trees , bodily tearing a way through the thick foliage .
lov watched the foliage move from his high perch , as the creature stepped into view .
while the leaf blanket helped , lov was still cold and shivering as he fell asleep .
lov tossed the book onto his leaf bed .
once inside , they saw dozens of large female anuunaki the size of nord , waving broad long leaf fans at an amazing rate .
the little man strode forward , his gut jiggling under the leaf vest and shirt he wore .
his pants were sewn of leaf and threaded with stems , tailor fit .
the view was beautiful through the long trunks and the path up ahead was overgrown and wound its way around and through the foliage , sometimes disappearing from view completely .
jared saw nothing but then after a pause his eyes adjusted and he could see a grey rabbit ahead , nibbling on a leaf of some plant , held between its paws .
they ran forward and bue scanned the foliage .
she stepped forward and the creature chittered in fear and with a noisy rustling of foliage managed to back off into the woods behind it .
chapter 15 the foliage swept past him as he leapt clear , the leaves clinging briefly to his chest and face as he grunted with the exertion , grabbing the tree branch for leverage and then hauling himself on .
jared held out his hand and grasped the large green leaf which tightened slightly as it wrapped around his fingers .
she held a pile of berries in a huge leaf , curled into a cone .
ffremettr grass a type of leaf used to calm or soothe .
yares a type of leaf most commonly used for tea .
each leaf and bloom glowed of resplendence .
shaking like a leaf that waver in the middle of a winter storm , malaika wrapped his winter cloak about her .
after i had been there for most of the morning i found six jeweled beetle shells under a rotting leaf .
she let go of the leaf where she hung and flew over ix - k'an - nohol - na 's head .
here was tijun when she came closer : she was sweaty and dust - streaked , there were little bits of leaf and moss and tiny twigs on her from her journey through the jungle .
they were not stunted or twisted and retained their foliage .
the walls are covered in beautiful wooden slats carved with flower and leaf patterns .
i am shaking like a leaf and i have no idea what s just happened .
wild rivers lurked in the steep valleys between the jumbled hills that slanted at strange angles like so many crooked teeth ; between the cascading rivers and lush foliage , there were always mists and rainbows mysteriously draping the hills .
there was a shaking , one with such force that it ran through stenns gauntlet and into his body , making him tremble like the leaf at the mercy of a hurricane that he knew he was .
the foliage and the shadow it cast were still thick and heavy , but stenn reasoned that whoever was speaking would stick out like a painting in a prison cell .
closer inspection revealed they were probably paper like everything else , but the foliage , such as it was , was quite dense so she was having a hard time figuring out where to go and if anything else was in the area .
the foliage rustled like real bushes and they were not practiced at stealth .
at that moment , all the love and warmth i had felt for him , after our renewed feelings for one another , simply withered away and died an autumn leaf blown away by the harsh winter wind .
he sat there with me in the bathroom floor while i shook like a leaf .
the snap and crunch of every twig , every leaf she stepped on , was amplified by the stillness of everything else .
lately , she felt restless , ungrounded , like a leaf fluttering in a small swirl of wind .
lifting the foliage up , she revealed an opening in the stone wide enough to allow them to pass through .
he turned a page and turned the book around so celestino could see the brilliantly painted artwork depicting gold leaf flames amid bright greens , blues , and reds .
a white dove carrying an olive leaf in its beak represented his location on that map , while a miniature effigy of a man rising up on a bubble symbolized the location of roshni .
by and by he came to stand under the dense foliage of the neem tree and began to whistle in tune with the chirpings of the birds over head , the birds in return began to chirp louder and with more exuberance than before , as if trying to encourage the human to carry on with the jugal bandi .
a few seconds later , the leaves and the branches of the peepal tree began to shake vigorously , before it suddenly spewed out from its thick foliage , our ghostess of dreams .
he took it from her and smelled the aromatic leaf mixed with bergamot root .
the polished black exterior of the carriage reflected the mid afternoon rays , highlighting the gold leaf and trim of the royal coat of arms on its delicately engraved doors .
the light was starting to fade and it was hard to see further than a few yards in any direction through the thick foliage .
here the ground was solid and the foliage different .
his masterpiece is a crossbow with leaf springs that twangs a steel bolt through a two - inch thick target plank at twenty paces when its aimed correctly , always the case for louis , seldom for max , never for seymour .
but they want permanence to that scene they d witnessed , dazzled , in the dark corridors god alone ( perhaps ) knows how long ago : the bright summer - clad couples sipping colored drinks at sidewalk caf tables , and slow lovers advancing along cobble - stoned quays , shaded by the fresh foliage of lime trees .
the foliage of the lime - trees rusts and falls .
trees break into leaf again , the same wearisome cycle all over again .
trees are in full green leaf .
the creature whirls like a dead leaf and collapses on the broken arms of a marble statue .
the kick connected , whirling the son of parganas off his feet as though he had been swept up like a leaf in a gale .
true , he said , spreading a leaf with some intricately shaped dough in oil .
over the next few days , she feeds them bacon strips and lettuce leaf and a saucer of milk , which the cat finds disconcerting .
you shake like a leaf in the wind .
around his tree trunk of a neck , he wore a pearl necklace and upon his wrist a golden armband set with the emblem of a leaf on it .
why a leaf , mavik wondered .
perhaps moments , perhaps hours- the road was endless sameness , and yet paradoxically endless diversity : every leaf slightly different than the last .
gambling bones , hard tack , flint , an empty wine skin , and finally a golden bracelet emblazoned with a leaf .
the leaf in gar 's gold armband seemed familiar to wayden .
gars armband sat steaming in the ice , its golden leaf gleaming from snow melting upon its heated metal .
it rose vertically for nearly fifty metres before branching out into a thick mat of green and brown foliage .
shaking like a leaf , he was .
but from the look on his face , you 'd think i ' m in nothing but an artfully arranged fig leaf .
her shoulders are no longer as hunched in , and as she twists and jumps and leaps , there s more balance in her moves , and she lands far more solidly , no longer wobbling like a leaf in the wind .
she watched helplessly as the canopy overhead whipped by in a blur of various shades from dark grey to black - punctuated infrequently by the odd star , whenever the foliage parted .
a strange man stepped into the clearing , his mottled , green hued , skin blending seamlessly with the background foliage ; runic tattoos covering his hairless head from fore to nape .
once inside the sea of green , petr started to relax knowing the dense foliage would hamper pursuit .
the foliage pressed in around them .
the air hung heavy , a pervading sense of gloom oozed from every leaf , every branch , leaching strength from their very bones .
then she went to get the last pile of meat without bones , bringing it back to put on the other leaf .
when he saw her expression of doubt , he wrapped the blanket tighter then embraced her like a daughter , you re troubled about your spirit , but i can show you that it is but a leaf that has fallen from the great tree that is your immortal soul .
she could easily see every tree , every leaf , and every moss covered mound .
they became excited with every leaf and every cloud .
nestled by the sea , the wooden houses with palm leaf rooftops looked unusually small , but all the more comforting for it .
within the hour , as the sun was sinking low on the horizon , the three companions rode up to a massive dark steel gate hundreds of feet tall with gold leaf plating forming an intricate twisting flame pattern across the bars ; the kings royal insignia .
but i liked the idea of a new name to go with the new leaf i was hoping i d turn over .
hot pink , leaf green , silver .
sam looked out at the horizon behind her grandparents house ; since the last time they were here , the fall foliage had started to become noticeable , making some of the trees look like a mix of spun gold and cotton candy .
by now , many of them were looking a very pretty shade of pale green as they burst into leaf .
he jumped to their closest rival , penetrating his chest and grabbing the cruachans reins , while the former fell and disappeared among the foliage of the trees .
so , they went out to meet their fate , while the secure twilight brought as a gift from the foliage , thinned out more and more .
as clear as the maps drawn together from all the remembered and forgotten bodies of those he explored : witches , goddesses , mothers , innocents ... he beholds with his minds eye , his heart , his soulhe observes the first and endless landings on the other far - away side : tiny boats , like bugs adrift on a fallen leaf , bobbing , being led ... santa maria , she conjuring their dreams , they swarming onto lands hot and steamy , fabled to be with riches of gold , finding ready servants , slaves among the naked and oddly clothes peoples ... imaginary people , ones not of the dream , not marias children ... soon , she is pregnant , this holy land , populating with children of her dream ... the first fated to firmly beach in the northern cold clime : unkind , rejecting , nevertheless , they land with and because of her dreamerrand into the wilderness !
and time did fool them : three years and frank muses on how much the fool he s been : bumbling , stumbling , being blown about like a leaf .
the bear disappeared again through the thick foliage and marwan decided to not give it any more chase .
i am connected to her , but more like how a leaf is connected to a branch , growing from a tree deep in the earth with roots , rather than how i felt next to inanna in the heavens .
it is a massive glass dome filled with towering trees , winding creeks , incredible rock formations and the most elegant foliage known to any realm .
paramita laughed and wriggled around , a leaf under her feet moved due to the pressure , and caused her to slip .
once the rice throwing had finished both families exchange gifts of betel leaf , betel nuts , betel chalk , and tobacco .
shooting them usually knocks them down , as if they re a leaf being blown about by a breeze , but they immediately start getting up again so you have to be fast with your sword when they re down .
hints and peeks of a world beyond were showing through gaps in the foliage .
on the south - east bank of the lake stood a tree , the biggest and strangest gregory had ever seen : twelve stories tall , with a pure white trunk ; and without a single leaf on it .
the really unnerving bit was when they brought out this ugly , shrivelled , dead looking leaf , slapped it onto my other arm , and it started drinking my blood !
far above the ground , its massive wooden boughs spread out , devoid of even a single leaf , branching into the clear and blue sky .
the trees never lost ; every grave or headstone , however grand or sprawling , would eventually and slowly find itself shrouded by leaf , root and weed ; its location remembered only by the grace of those who had once loved the dead .
the ancient elm tree in the front yard was half bare because the leaves had begun to fall , but there was n't a single dead fallen leaf on the ground .
you shake like a leaf in the wind . ''
around his tree trunk of a neck , he wore a pearl necklace and on his wrist a golden armband set with the emblem of a leaf .
why a leaf ?
the bruise was like a purple leaf , and beneath it were glimmering brown eyes , which darted from side to side .
perhaps moments , perhaps hours - the road was endless sameness , and yet paradoxically endless diversity : every leaf slightly different than the last .
between bloody fingers a golden necklace emblazoned with a leaf rested in his palm .
` ` they control foliage with their power . ''
wayden watched the temple shrink into the foliage as they rode away .
the scaled horse galloped , clawed hooves and spiked tail leaving tracks in the ground and broken foliage in its wake .
gar 's armband sat steaming in the ice , its golden leaf gleaming from snow melting on its heated metal .
indeed , she was shaking like a leaf in the wind .
then he began to unroll , like a new leaf , echoing her sentiment .
blades of grass were astonishing to them , and they spent a long time contemplating the pattern of veins in a leaf .
after awhile , she brought the leaf to her own nose and inhaled it , eyes closed .
for whatever his purpose for you may be , said tselig , plucking a yellowed leaf from a rosebush .
he gently and carefully pried a beetle loose from a leaf , walked over to a window , and blew the beetle from his hand into the yard outside .
yes , of course , said tselig , brushing some dirt off a leaf .
as if moving through molasses , she stepped right up to him , trembling like a birch leaf in the wind .
he began to quiver , like an aspen leaf before a storm .
y - y - yes , said 987 , trembling like an aspen leaf in a gale .
the boy crumpled like a burning leaf in midair .
and when he had said these words , the river stilled so that a leaf could float upon the surface of it and not move .
wind screamed over the desert foliage , kicking up dust and sand as the storm continued to travel east .
the paploo fairy fluttered four leaf like wings .
nana flew up to the head of the golem fluttering its leaf like wings .
the leaf wings morphed into bat wings and the fairy glowed a volcanic red .
i wondered if all that gold leaf on her hair was heavy .
glamour might make a dry leaf appear to be a sweet bit of cake , and you are more likely to eat the cake illusion than the dry leaf of fact ; but you must still choose to eat it .
glamour might make a dry leaf appear to be a sweet bit of cake , and you are more likely to eat the cake illusion than the dry leaf of fact ; but you must still choose to eat it .
` ` i wo n't tell you what i ' m carrying , but cold steel , iron , four - leaf clover , st.-john's - wort , rowan , and ash - either the wood or the berries - have been known to work .
the garden was a fabulous one , including topiary cut into the shape of horses and gargants , a section of the thick , green - purple foliage of the exotic trees of the fever - thorn jungle , and dozens of fountains .
you 're shaking like a leaf ... . ` `
2 bombadil goes boating the old year was turning brown ; the west wind was calling ; tom caught a beechen leaf in the forest falling .
she watched the gleam at window grow , till the long light was shimmering on land and leaf ; on grass below grey dew was glimmering .
that thought , in turn , opened his eyes in a scowl at the pale figure shifting effortlessly through the foliage in front of him .
he felt he should scream at himself to follow her as he heard her slip through the foliage with barely a rustle .
like a dog eager to play , the omen ruffled its feathers , turned about and hopped into the dense foliage of the canopy .
he thought he ought to be worried about that , as he suspected he should be worried about following a demonic parasite into the depths of the foliage .
whirling about , she could n't help a twinge of pity at the sight of the sun shining through an opening in the foliage .
the noise stretched for an eternity , forcing the companions to choose between gripping weapons and shielding their ears as the shriek echoed off every charred leaf and ashen grain .
legs refusing to obey , she all but collapsed backwards out of the foliage and onto the beach , arms swiftly dragging her away from the creature .
his unseen spy answered , bursting from the foliage in a flash of red .
water first , he thought as he stalked toward the foliage , sword clenched against his body .
the knowledge that any food to be had would be found in the dense foliage gnawed at her as surely as the hunger that struggled to wrest control over her from a frail and withering hope inside her .
she followed his finger to the dense patch of foliage over her head , saw the scrawny figure leaning against a tall tree , in such still repose as to appear dead .
the moonlight peered through the dense foliage above , undeterred by the trees ' attempts to keep it out .
whatever emerged from the foliage did so with casual ease inappropriate for such dense greenery .
she heard him crash into the foliage , but did not turn to see .
she dove , felt the impact on the pillar behind her as the head burst into fragments and powder that settled over her like a cloak ; she took advantage of its cover , crawling on her belly into the foliage and disappearing amongst the greenery .
she glanced up , peered out of the foliage and saw the roach 's corpse loosing its incense onto the sunbeams filtering through the canopy .
perhaps if she had , she might have noticed the pair of wide yellow eyes peering out of the foliage .
dumbstruck , the young man found the voice to speak only as the creature began to slip into the foliage , green flesh blending with green leaves .
mournful trees gathered together to drop a funeral shroud over the forest floor , each branch and leaf trying its hardest to block any trace of light from desecrating the perfect darkness .
he wants you to answer , denaos thought as he slithered beneath a bush and peered out from the foliage .
their bodies twisted and contorted , slipping easily into the brightly - colored , fossilized foliage .
the shen came leaping out of the foliage , machetes in their hands , warcries in their throats , arrows chasing them like faithful puppies .
he was looking at mr . nancy , an old black man with a pencil mustache , in his check sports jacket and his lemon - yellow gloves , riding a carousel lion as it rose and lowered , high in the air ; and , at the same time , in the same place , he saw a jeweled spider as high as a horse , its eyes an emerald nebula , strutting , staring down at him ; and simultaneously he was looking at an extraordinarily tall man with teak - colored skin and three sets of arms , wearing a flowing ostrich - feather headdress , his face painted with red stripes , riding an irritated golden lion , two of his six hands holding on tightly to the beast 's mane ; and he was also - seeing a young black boy , dressed in rags , his left foot all swollen and crawling with blackflies ; and last of all , and behind all these things , shadow was looking at a tiny brown spider , hiding under a withered ocher leaf .
they were , shadow decided , the exact same color as a leaf in spring with the sun shining through it .
sometimes he would stop and pick something up : a flower , or a leaf , or a pebble , or a twig , or a blade of grass .
he would examine it minutely , as if concentrating entirely on the twigness of the twig , the leafness of the leaf .
` ` eggs boiled leaf , '' bran says , nodding to show that he agrees .
i pick up a fallen leaf and study the tracery of dark veins through the rampant colors .
the guard banners , red and blue fields behind the senates silver laurel leaf , were lifted upon the walls .
the motion might stir a leaf , or break a twig , and warn the enemy of their presence .
i cursed and shuffled my way through burning sand until i found a likely looking joshua tree that had just enough foliage to function as a privacy screen to the highway .
the foliage partially hid her view of the street , where a police car , its blue - and - white light bar flashing , was pulled up to the curb , siren wailing .
the dreams held her , one after the other , a river of images that bore her along like a leaf tossed in a current .
` ` you look like you 're waiting for something , '' jace observed , breaking a leaf off a nearby bough and twirling it between his fingers .
he steered her through the crowd as if she were a leaf caught in a river current .
the first contact came as a whisper inside her head , delicate as the brush of a falling leaf .
then he swore , pathetically , under his breath , and held the mortal cup out for valentine to take , though his hand shook like a leaf in a high wind .
it was a kiss as light as a blown leaf , but she felt a shiver far down in her bones .
their stems shone like coppery metal with a patina of green ; each leaf was a sculpted marvel , and the flowers exuded a siren smell , so that i wanted to step onto the stones and bury my face in the petals .
at the thought , the foliage shivered around me as if it craved that - needed to slice my skin and drink my blood .
nobody came out of the foliage .
hammond stared , and then leapt to his feet : his legs wavered and shook , and he fled in a shambling stumbling run , shuddering away from every branch and leaf which trembled in the wind .
there , the heavy , low foliage and large trees of the river valley gave way to lower scrub brush , scrawny evergreens , and patches of brambles that , in some places , had grown into thickets several feet tall .
amara saw the gargoyle nearest her as it leapt from its perch , drifting down toward her like a falling leaf .
the driveway circled the flower bed and led past two greenhouses - one for tropical foliage , the other for desert species - and the a - frame house .
through the whispers of the willows , one leaf strives to survive but endangered from the wind and branches , it slowly starts to die though maybe that 's what 's better for it ; to give up , surrender , and make peace then perhaps it will taste the powerful freedom of the wind .
sometimes i 'll pluck a leaf and set it on my tongue , to taste nature .
a giant glow - in - the - dark poster of a marijuana leaf decorated the wall over the sagging couch , and another of a long - dead singer looking the worse far wear .
his eyes glinted like a silver leaf in the night .
another breeze wafted over us , smelling like foliage and heat , and tousled his hair ever so lightly .
just far enough for a tongue , large as a palm leaf , red as mahogany , to lick up a few errant feathers .
and a breeze that failed to set a single leaf atremble .
moving on heels , fingertips and shoulder muscles , rincewind wriggled sideways until foliage masked the oak and its occupants .
it tried to fasten on innocuous bits of bark and leaf , but the scourge of curiosity forced it to leave them behind .
bezam stood alone and looked around at the cobwebbed interior of the odium , his overheated imagination peopling its dark corners with potted palms , gold leaf and fat cherubs .
at the front : pillars , arches , gold leaf , lights .
it did n't seem right , gliding along under a big orange moon over dark foliage that clicked and buzzed and whirred with insects .
the great god om , although currently the small god om , ate a lettuce leaf .
the tortoise put its foot on a leaf .
let there be another leaf : '' brutha pulled one off the nearest plant .
and lo , he thought , there was another leaf .
he knew how he 'd got in - he glared in dull terror at the tiny dot in the sky that the eye of memory knew was an eagle - and he 'd better find a more terrestrial way out unless he wanted to spend the next month hiding under a melon leaf .
there is a holy icon of the prophet ossory , carved from aphacia wood and set with silver leaf .
if i get it wrong , it 's back to a life where happiness is a leaf you can reach .
there were bushes here , low ? growing , spiky , every tiny leaf barricaded behind its crown of thorns .
st . ungulant , on his bony knees , smashed open the hard swollen leaf of a stone plant .
another leaf drifted past .
it smelled of lions ' cages and leaf mold .
some had marvellous birds painted on them , or mountain scenes , or sprays of foliage , every leaf and bud done in exquisite detail with just a couple of brush strokes .
some had marvellous birds painted on them , or mountain scenes , or sprays of foliage , every leaf and bud done in exquisite detail with just a couple of brush strokes .
' let us see what destiny in the form of these dried - up bits of leaf has in store for us , eh ? '
within a few minutes of being laid in the sunlight he 'd sneezed himself back into his old shape , and he now sat on the beach with a blanket around him and a fern leaf on his head .
mrs whitlow was sitting on a log in the shade , fanning herself with a large leaf .
it was , without a shadow of a doubt , a leaf .
and once you realized that it was a leaf , then a certain marrow or pumpkin quality about the rest of the vessel began to creep over you .
and what a curiously white leaf . '
the leaf sail creaked slowly into a different position .
' but she did say it was still a bit warm , so possibly you can fan her with a palm leaf while i peel these grapes for her . '
' merely waving a leaf is a very menial activity compared to removing grape skins , and i happen to outrank you .
the big leaf moved slightly .
the green mast stem still stood , although the leaf sail looked ragged .
the librarian was sitting at the top of the tin tower , with a leaf over his head .
unfortunately , the only explorer who would have noticed that the moon dragons ate only the occasional leaf was leonard , and he had been too busy painting .
but the gentle way was to ride in its mind , steering it as gently as a breeze stirs a leaf .
the air in the forest began to smell of leaf mould and turpentine .
perhaps a few grains of sand lay on their beaches in a slightly different position , or the occasional leaf hung on its tree in a marginally different way .
a toad crept out from under a dock leaf .
as it fell , it seemed to grow two wings and started to spin like a sycamore leaf , which slowed down the fall somewhat .
she ducked under a round leaf much bigger than she was and took out the toad again .
the daisy stems parted and the boy roland darted out and joined her under the leaf .
he 's got wings on- ' ' the fig leaf , ' said groat quickly .
' it 's a fig leaf .
it was of a slim young man , obviously a god , wearing nothing more than a hat with wings on , sandals with wings on and - moist squinted - a fig leaf with wings on ?
your face became a bit of leaf and shadow , your body a piece of tree and bush .
` ` she puts leaf mold on wounds if you do n't watch her .
she 'd been worrying about what he would do and what he would think , as if she were just a leaf being blown about by the wind .
a half - frozen worm crawled slowly away and burrowed under a leaf skeleton , fine as lace .
two guards stepped forward smartly and cut the bonds , and then the whole battalion melted away , although rincewind was acutely conscious of dozens of dark eyes watching them from the surrounding foliage .
behind her , very gently , the door was breaking into leaf .
' solid wood , it was , ' he said , half to himself , ' with gold leaf all over it .
he lifted a boiled vine leaf with extreme care , and was sure he saw something scuttle behind an olive .
she was feeding it a lettuce leaf .
it did , indeed , lack the gold leaf and marble that nobby felt was compulsory for people of a high station in life .
and no - one , absolutely no - one , noticed the thin , leaf - like thing that floated gently down from the shadows of the roof , tumbling over and over in the air like a sycamore seed , before landing in the tangled gewgaws of the hoard .
doyle said , ` ` and the fear dearg need a leaf to create money , a cracker to be a cake , a log to be a purse of gold .
his hair fanned out around him , and i realized it was moving on its own with no wind but his own magic to make it spread out around him like a body - long halo of white , gray , and silver , and the vines that traced that hair glowed more brightly , as if electric wire had been run to every line of vine and leaf so that they were painted in shades of green .
the flutter of a leaf , the warning of a bird ... the slither of a tail .
she strolled aimlessly among the thick foliage of dark glen , enjoying the quiet and the freedom .
` ` such care about foliage . ''
when the next tremor of terror tore though me , it made a very physical appearance when i trembled like a lone leaf in the dead of winter .
nicaragua was like something from another time , so unspoiled and wild with organic green foliage , i half - expected to run into a dinosaur lumbering about the jungle .
on every leaf and blade , on every inch of bark , all the way to the sky .
she waited , holding off until the last possible moment , shaking like a leaf and grateful she could n't vomit .
it was a beautiful fall day with a sun that warmed your arms and nary a brown leaf in sight .
in front of me was a cattle guard , which my docs navigated with ease , and beyond that , the spotty dunes and its hardy foliage .
a face hidden in the leafy foliage .
it only took about ten minutes before the claustrophobic tangles and damp undergrowth were forgotten and the foliage was replaced with waist - high , green salal bushes that allowed for uninterrupted views of the water and the beach .
i was shaking like a leaf and now he was too .
the sunset 's flames had turned each new , green leaf into a burst of crimson .
i walked toward the noises like some child martyr , creeping silently as i could through the rough and dying foliage .
i do n't know why i thought it was anyone 's business to know that , but with the whole turning over a new leaf and becoming a new man thing , i figured being honest would be a good start .
ada remained by the wall , shaking like a leaf , crying her eyes out .
at that , i choked on a mint leaf .
i eyed my drink , careful not to suck up a leaf again .
suddenly , the darkness on the sides of the streets that i had assumed was foliage or structural remains began to move amidst dots of flickering light .
but we kept going , even though we could see the foliage coming further and further apart , the waterways taking over the landscape .
when i stopped her , we were scraping bottom , but she was essentially invisible , screened on all sides by foliage .
the rush of wind shoved back against her with tremendous force as it tried to slow the onrushing firestorm , and amara found herself tossed back like a leaf .
a solid wall of wind preceded them , slamming into the vord queen , forcing her back and away from tavi like a leaf driven by a gale .
all around the pool grew rich foliage , bushes , grass , flowers , even small trees , still arranged as neatly as though kept by a gardener - though tavi had n't seen the place since he was fifteen .
amara looked left and right , but the trees were joining branches everywhere - and the forest was growing darker as the roof of leaf and bough closed overhead .
the curtains of sleet and rain blinded him and veiled the light , so that it flickered like a guttering candle , but tavi kept his eyes doggedly locked on his destination lightning snarled among the clouds m treacherous , blinding flashes , while the wind - manes howled out their wrath overhead tavi could hear the slave 's labored , gasping breath even through the wind - she was evidently at the end of her endurance her footsteps staggered , as they grew closer to the glowing firelight in the darkness , the wind - manes screeched , and tavi looked back to see one of them swooping down through the sleet , its face twisted into a grimace of hatred and hunger the girl 's eyes widened as she saw tavi 's expression , and she began to spin about - but she was too late , her reaction too slow she could n't possibly turn to defend herself in time tavi reached back and seized her wrist in both hands with the weight of his whole body , he hauled her forward , past him , and sent her stumbling toward the light ahead ` ` go ' '' he shouted ` ` get inside ' '' the windmane hit tavi , and there was suddenly no air in his lungs , no warmth in his limbs he felt his feet leave the ground , and he went tumbling , jouncing , and bounding down the slope and away from the shelter at its summit , blown like a leaf before the power of the storm he rolled , arms and legs loose , struggling to keep from stopping too abruptly , to guide his fall down the hill and to its base a grey stone appeared before his eyes in a flash of emerald lightning , and he felt himself scream as he flinched away from it he caught a flash of light reflected on water , on the ground , and aimed himself toward it through the half dark , desperate and terrified he came to a halt in the mud pooling at the bottom of the hill beneath a finger - width of freezing water , his arms sinking into it halfway to his elbows he struggled and heaved them free of the muck , turning in time to see the windmane descend on him once more tavi rolled to one side , the sludge slowing his movements , and felt the wrndmane 's deadly chill settle around his mouth and nose , cutting off his air he thrashed and flinched , but accomplished nothing he could no more keep the fury from blocking his air than he could spread his arms and fly above the storm tavi knew that he had only one chance , and that a slim one he struggled to his feet , then leapt into the air and hurled himself sprawling in the muck cold , oozing mud and chilled water slithered over him , churned to the consistency of thick pudding by the storm he wriggled down deeper , forcing his face into the mud , then rolled to his back , covering himself in it and suddenly , he could breathe again .
all around the pool grew rich foliage : bushes , grass , flowers , even small trees , arranged as neatly as though kept by a gardener .
the flagstones themselves rippled up into a wave beneath his feet , which he kept planted and still , his brow furrowed in concentration , so that the earth moved him forward in one slow undulation , like a leaf borne upon an ocean wave .
he let out a cry and fell , his focus fluttering with his pain , dropping toward the earth like a leaf cut from a tree .
his mother came in , a leaf clinging to the collar of her coat .
the grounds around the old building were beautifully kept , even now that all the foliage was dying back .
the foliage was beautiful this time of year , and that beauty drew a fair amount of tourists .
following the path of one leaf , my eyes lit on mary nell teague .
he pulled the little envelope from the plastic prongs in the foliage and handed it to me , no expression on his face .
gale spreads the bread slices with the soft goat cheese , carefully placing a basil leaf on each while i strip the bushes of their berries .
so as i slide out of the foliage and into the dawn light , i pause a second , giving the cameras time to lock on me .
i stare into the foliage trying to will myself to rest , but the burns forbid it .
14 my eyes follow the line of her finger up into the foliage above me .
my mother knew a treatment for them , some type of leaf that could draw out the poison , but she seldom had cause to use it , and i do n't even remember its name let alone its appearance .
it 's easy to see the direction i came from by the path of destruction my crazed body made through the foliage .
it 's right at the edge of the wood , but the bushy foliage is so thick down low i can easily observe the career camp without being spotted .
test my left ear repeatedly for signs of life by rustling a leaf near it , but without good results .
he jumps back , flinging a handful of berries into the foliage .
my whole body 's shaking like a leaf .
the foliage has hidden the wheel from sight , so i scale a tree with rubbery limbs to get a better view .
there 's the sound of insects , birds , the breeze in the foliage .
` ` well , the foliage is thick .
he methodically peels off the shells , piling the meats on a leaf .
i do n't know how long we might have sat here if it were n't for the arrival of the silver parachute , which glides down through the foliage to land before us .
while i ' ve been messing with the weapons , peeta 's been squatting on the ground , drawing something with the tip of his knife on a large , smooth leaf he brought from the jungle .
she yanks a large leaf off a tree and hands it to him .
and even now johanna has him drawing a map on a leaf rather than risking the jungle ...
the woman 's shrieks emanate from somewhere in the foliage , but the jabberjay 's concealed .
i examine a leaf on my palm and see i ' m shaking .
the three hundred lucky guests culled from 13 and the many refugees wear their everyday clothes , the decorations are made from autumn foliage , the music is provided by a choir of children accompanied by the lone fiddler who made it out of 12 with his instrument .
she 's a sick greenish color , shaking like a leaf .
twigs and scraps of leaf had found their way into the lean - to and knotted themselves in his hair .
ramon unwrapped the hierba leaf , sucked the meat from his strip of smoked fish , then dropped the empty bone on the slats at his feet .
the farther they moved toward the river , the more exotic the foliage became .
as i watched , it sprouted a single , delicate leaf .
he eyed her horse , munching on some foliage on the other side of their camp .
isa pulled up , and tel poked a green , catlike head out from behind her , leaf - ears perking up .
he left the sidewalk and strode to the edge of harris avenue , standing on the leaf - drifted strip of grass between the sidewalk and the street .
ralph read the note twice , put it back on the table with the rock on top to weight it down for the next old crock to happen along , then simply stood there with his hands in his pockets and his head down , gazing out at runway 3 from beneath the bushy tangle of his brows , a crisp leaf , orange as one of the halloween pumpkins which would soon decorate the street , came flipping down from the deep blue sky and landed in his sparse hair .
it lengthened rapidly , angling backward as the lady herself moved forward , until it had crossed the leaf - littered lawn and darted into the tube formed by ralph 's curled fingers .
the wind seemed to blow the crimson king up toward it , like a leaf in a chimney - flue .
kiyo stood up and stretched , then wandered off into the foliage .
every leaf and flower .
tree and flower and leaf and grass , let them pass !
in his hands he carried on a large leaf as on a tray a small pile of white water - lilies .
i 'll sing a wind up and blow leaf and branch away .
let us sing together of sun , stars , moon and mist , rain and cloudy weather , light on the budding leaf , dew on the feather , wind on the open hill , bells on the heather , reeds by the shady pool , lilies on the water : old tom bombadil and the river - daughter !
when they caught a glimpse of the country westward the distant forest seemed to be smoking , as if the fallen rain was steaming up again from leaf and root and mould .
he crushed a leaf in his fingers , and it gave out a sweet and pungent fragrance .
but i say : let a ploughman plough , but choose an otter for swimming , and for running light over grass and leaf or over snow c an elf . '
there was a roar and a crackle , and the tree above him burst into a leaf and bloom of blinding flame .
her hair was long , her limbs were white , and fair she was and free ; and in the wind she went as light as leaf of linden - tree .
the cakes will keep sweet for many many days , if they are unbroken and left in their leaf - wrappings , as we have brought them .
each cloak was fastened about the neck with a brooch like a green leaf veined with silver .
leaf and branch , water and stone : they have the hue and beauty of all these things under the twilight of lorien that we love ; for we put the thought of all that we love into all that we make .
here the air was softer and warmer , and faintly scented , as if spring was already stirring and the sap was flowing again in herb and leaf .
it looked like the new - opened leaf of a beech - tree , fair and strange in that treeless plain .
they were quite hollow , indeed they were falling all to pieces , but as quiet and sweet - spoken as a young leaf .
looking back , the hobbits saw that the trees in the court had also begun to glow , faintly at first , but steadily quickening , until every leaf was edged with light : some green , some gold , some red as copper ; while the tree - trunks looked like pillars moulded out of luminous stone .
the entwives ordered them to grow according to their wishes , and bear leaf and fruit to their liking ; for the entwives desired order , and plenty , and peace ( by which they meant that things should remain where they had set them ) .
when spring unfolds the beechen leaf , and sap is in the bough ; when light is on the wild - wood stream , and wind is on the brow ; when stride is long , and breath is deep , and keen the mountain - air , come back to me !
he lifted up a broken leaf for them to see , a large pale leaf of golden hue , now fading and turning brown .
he lifted up a broken leaf for them to see , a large pale leaf of golden hue , now fading and turning brown .
' here is a mallorn - leaf of lorien , and there are small crumbs on it , and a few more crumbs in the grass .
clear is the water of your well ; white is the star in your white hand ; unmarred , unstained is leaf and land in dwimordene , in lorien more fair than thoughts of mortal men .
' my dear gimli , it is longbottom leaf !
' all except one thing , ' said aragorn , ' leaf from the southfarthing in isengard .
gollum sniffed at the leaf and his face changed : a spasm of disgust came over it , and a hint of his old malice .
dropping the leaf , he took a corner of the lembas and nibbled it .
the daylight grew and the air became warm ; the dew faded off turf and leaf .
he touched the green and silver leaf that fastened his cloak beneath his throat .
then he realized , first that the pipe might be in his pack but he had no leaf , and next that he was hundreds of miles from bag end .
without the crack of a twig or the rustle of a leaf they passed and vanished .
' and now , dame , if you love the lord faramir , run as quick as your tongue and get me kingsfoil , if there is a leaf in the city . '
longbottom leaf it is .
where is that leaf ?
and they said no more ; and it seemed to them as they stood upon the wall that the wind died , and the light failed , and the sun was bleared , and all sounds in the city or in the lands about were hushed : neither wind , nor voice , nor bird - call , nor rustle of leaf , nor their own breath could be heard ; the very beating of their hearts was stilled .
long may your land be short of leaf ! '
when he came back he brought them enough to last them for a day or two , a wad of uncut leaf .
it soon came out that he already did own a sight more than was good for him ; and he was always grabbing more , though where he got the money was a mystery : mills and malt - houses and inns , and farms , and leaf - plantations .
' of course he started with a lot of property in the southfarthing which he had from his dad ; and it seems he 'd been selling a lot o ' the best leaf , and sending it away quietly for a year or two .
in the southfarthing the vines were laden , and the yield of ' leaf ' was astonishing ; and everywhere there was so much corn that at harvest every barn was stuffed .
it was ornately carved from ebony and embellished with a deep red gold leaf - and it contained domdaniel , the necromancer , himself .
people travelled miles to see this wonder ; they 'd go inside its concrete interior and peer out through the windows , buy cabbage - leaf bookmarks , cabbage ink , cabbage shirts , captain cabbage dolls , musical boxes carefully crafted from kohlrabi and cauliflower that played ' the cabbage eater 's song ' , cabbage jam , kale ale , and green cigars made from a newly developed species of cabbage and rolled on the thighs of local maidens , presumably because they liked it .
covered in gold leaf too , by the way .
' the royal bank of ankh - morpork , ' said vetinari , without taking his eyes off cosmo , ' prides itself on its red - leather ledgers , which without fail are embossed with the seal of the city in gold leaf .
no tree , foliage , or structure stood to distract one 's eye from the disturbing , asymmetric collection of wings , towers , and spires that was kredik shaw .
his descent was not terribly slow - not like that of a leaf or a feather .
an army who had eaten the foliage to the ground in a wide swath around them .
55 straff woke in the cold morning and immediately reached for a leaf of black frayn .
most of the ground foliage was likely dead - bringing even two horses with them on the trip to lekal city had been difficult , for there was nothing for them to graze on .
the scrub that formed the dominant foliage in the central dominance was a resilient , hardy group of plants , and they were adapted to ash , and did n't need as much water as farm crops .
animals would go quickly - the ones who survived were those who could find a way to chew on dead foliage now covered by ash .
the explosion hurled waxillium forward like a leaf before the wind .
the dead trees in the circle were dead no more , but began to bud and leaf as i watched .
` ` four - leaf clover is the most powerful plant protection from faerie , '' i said .
` ` we stand in the middle of four - leaf clovers , rowan , ash , and thorn .
he was staring about him with some idea of attempting this feat , when he noticed that the devastation wrought by the leaf - eating animals had opened a vista overhead beyond the plant tops to a collection of the same greenish - white objects which he had seen across the lake at their first landing .
their dwellings were beehive - shaped huts of stiff leaf and the villages - there were several in the neighbourhood - were always built beside rivers for warmth and well upstream towards the walls of the handramit where the water was hottest .
their smooth columns had the gentle swell of the noblest beech trees : but these were taller than a cathedral spire on earth , and at their tops they broke rather into flower than foliage ; into golden flower bright as tulip , still as rock , and huge as summer cloud .
amid the darker foliage of a greenish - grey thicket something seemed to be sparkling .
even when he found it again , he sometimes doubted whether it were not an optical illusion - some chance figuration of foliage which his intense desire had assimilated to the shape of a man .
he had waked a few minutes before and found himself lying alone in a close thicket of stems that were rather reed - like in character but stout as those of birch trees and which carried an almost flat roof of thick foliage .
is maleldil a beast that we can stop his path , or a leaf that we can twist his shape ?
a second glance showed him that it was a dead leaf , moved by the breeze ; and instantly the very curves and re - entrants which had made its ugliness turned into its beauties .
sabelle 's white sweater flared in the moonlight like a damn beacon , and as the anarki crept ever closer , a tree stripped by winter of its foliage provided little camouflage .
the tiny apple shook as the arrow passed , and a leaf came fluttering down .
bernard made his way quietly through the brush , as always seeming to pass through it with hardly a branch or leaf disturbed by his presence , despite his size .
speech was a luxury that could not be afforded , not when the enemy could literally lurk beneath virtually any fallen leaf .
light flashed , sparks exploding in a cloud so thick that for a moment it obscured every single form in the southern sky , so bright that every broken stone , every dead branch and fallen leaf of the ruin around them cast a crisp - edged black shadow .
the early morning sun did n't penetrate all the way through the thick leaf canopy overhead and the male had hidden himself well , like he 'd been trained to do .
like they should have been carved in marble with a frigging fig leaf covering the essentials .
modo picked up the handles of the barrow again and pushed it thoughtfully towards the secluded area where he kept his bonfire , his compost heaps , his leaf - mould pile , and the little shed he sat in when it rained .
along with the crickets came a few more pink clover - puffs , a few grass - cuttings ... and part of a brown dead leaf .
the leaf was dead , but you know what you 're thinking about that - she was thinking that it had blown through dead .
he could hear the rustle of grass and foliage now , and then heavy , grunting inhales with a whistle buried deep in each one .
i could taste dew , and feel the soft edge of a basil leaf .
the other asked , holding out a length of light metal that curved at the edges like a drying leaf .
it was too dark to see that ash 's eyes were a solid green like the leaf of the tree he was named after , and holly 's eyes were the scarlet of winter berries .
the hoes unrecked in the fields were flung , and fallen ladders in the long grass lay of the lush orchards ; every tree there turned its tangled head and eyed them secretly , and the ears listened of the nodding grasses ; though noontide glowed on land and leaf , their limbs were chilled .
silas walked across the path without disturbing a fallen leaf , and sat down on the bench beside bod .
turn over a new leaf .
in the northwest , nature had been reclaiming the graveyard for almost a hundred years , and the stones were tipped over , graves were forgotten or simply lost beneath the green ivy and the leaf - fall of fifty years .
even to scarlett he seemed shadowy in the deepening dusk , like something that was almost not there , a shimmer of heat haze , a skittery leaf that for a moment had seemed to be a boy .
with that leaf she staunched beren 's wound , and by her arts and her love she healed him ... . '' the motif of the healing herb is a common one , the centre for instance o ( the breton lai of eliduc ( turned into conte by marie de france ) .
legolas ' or green - leaf was a man of the tree , who led the exiles over tumladin in the dark , being night - sighted , and he liveth still in tol eressea named by the eldar there laiqalasse ; but the book of rumil saith further hereon . '
and it seems to the fairies and it seems to me who know that town and have often trodden its disfigured ways that autumn and the falling of the leaf is the season of the year when maybe here or there a heart among men may be open , and an eye perceive how is the world 's estate fallen from the laughter and the loveliness of old .
the wolf walked behind a bush and when he was done changing to human , renfield stood up using the foliage to cover his private area .
some of the verses were like this , but there were many more , and their singing went on for a long while : ` ` the wind was on the withered heath , but in the forest stirred no leaf : there shadows lay by night and day , and dark things silent crept beneath .
then it floated across the room like a leaf caught in the wind , right into cassie 's outstretched hands .
a warm breeze rustled the graveyard 's foliage as the circle and suzan 's father gathered for her burial .
in that guarded land the valar gathered great store of light and an the fairest things that were saved from the ruin ; and many others yet fairer they made anew , and valinor became more beautiful even than middle - earth in the spring of arda ; and it was blessed , for the deathless dwelt there , and there naught faded nor withered , neither was there any stain upon flower or leaf in that land , nor any corruption or sickness in anything that lived ; for the very stones and waters were hallowed .
but ungoliant sucked it up , and going then from tree to tree she set her black beak to their wounds , till they were drained ; and the poison of death that was in her went into their tissues and withered them , root , branch , and leaf ; and they died .
the pillars of menegroth were hewn in the likeness of the beeches of orome , stock , bough , and leaf , and they were lit with lanterns of gold .
west , north , and south the children of men spread and wandered , and their joy was the joy of the morning before the dew is dry , when every leaf is green .
with that leaf he staunched beren 's wound , and by her arts and by her love she healed him ; and thus at last they returned to doriath .
but when its first leaf opened then isildur , who had lain long and come near to death , arose and was troubled no more by his wounds .
when ducking down beneath an overhanging limb , dunk plucked a leaf and crumpled it between his fingers .
as for the others , ser simon would need to sell off half my land to pay his debts and ser cleyton trembles like a leaf whenever the longinch deigns to look his way .
the warm breeze rustled the foliage over their heads , and cassie began speaking before faye had the chance to react more harshly .
it was a thick , heavy , handsome book , bound in dark leather , its pages edged with gold leaf , with many splendid interior illustrations in full color with holographic enhancement .
she jumped up , went a little way off , and came back , carrying something ; the little cool , dark berries of the mountain , in a green leaf .
will you not leave one leaf on this old tree ? ''
the sensation grew only gradually : the settled fields yielding to unbroken wilderness , stands of ancient timber , eucalypts with their oddly sharp fragrance rising if they landed , and the last hunting tracks fading away beneath the leaf cover .
sitting not against him but near - by , laurence also slept ; or something like sleep , not half so restful : a sensation not of peace but of drifting , unmoored , the world turning away from beneath them and the sun piercing the leaf cover now and again to stab .
at first he thought it was a vine with a thick arrowhead - shaped leaf on the end .
she was panting for air , shaking like a leaf , and he could see the sheen of sweat on her palms .
the current swept up the boat like it was a dried leaf .
mushrooms , grain , and just a bit of leaf .
her eyes were unfocused , and she trembled like a leaf .
the poor roach was shaking like a leaf .
crush no berry , bruise no leaf , tread as gently as possible on the roots , '' said hamnet .
` ` up higher , there are places where the foliage is not so heavy , '' said nike .
gregor thought about raising his head to tell them he was okay , but he became preoccupied with the pattern on a small , green leaf and could n't take his eyes off it .
the foliage is getting too thick for easy access to the ground .
he stayed right on top of temp and boots , making sure they did n't get lost in the foliage .
the dense foliage ended abruptly and they came out along the stone rim of a valley .
he plucked a leaf from the plant and took a deep sniff .
he held the starshade leaf in his palm and let the light dance over it .
he pressed the leaf against his nose , and comforted by its lemony essence , closed his eyes .
boots resisted eating the leaves , since she was not big on greens , until hamnet made it into a game of who could eat a leaf the fastest .
he reached the crackling leaf headed hunting the megapode , wrote down the date and the amount of time it had taken to find the aforesaid megapode , and signed his name with a flourish : ponder stibbons .
' besides , ' said andy , ' i ' m turning over a new leaf , ai n't i ? '
al'thor claimed that the aiel had once followed the way of the leaf , sworn not to do harm , before betraying their oaths .
everything vanished , and he was tossed - like a leaf before a storm - out of the wolf dream .
tarchrot leaf .
it was a relatively easy healing , as tarchrot leaf was n't particularly strong .
trollocs cared nothing for the way of the leaf .
it was as much a part of them as the way of the leaf .
in the visions of rhuidean , he had followed the way of the leaf .
to the east , he saw a small speck in the river , like a floating leaf caught in the tiny current .
the diminutive , pale - skinned aes sedai stooped at the edge of the road , turning the leaf of a small weed over in her fingers .
` ` yes , '' nevarin said , bracelets clattering as she knelt and took the leaf from seonid .
light , perrin thought , taking the leaf as nevarin handed it to him .
a leaf fell from above and struck the pool .
aviendha 's people had once followed , then abandoned , the way of the leaf .
` ` well , it looks like the last leaf finally fell . ''
she 'd anticipated a noble decision , where honor overcame the inferior lifestyle dictated by the way of the leaf .
she had been prepared for the knowledge that the aiel had once followed the way of the leaf .
he smelled foliage , dirt and rotting wood .
he could hear the land breathing , could sense a beetle on a leaf half a league away , but sometimes he could not fathom aiel .
` ` ' he shall slay his people with the sword of peace , ' ` ` moiraine said , ` ` ' and destroy them with the leaf . '
the dove takes flight , the falling leaf , leopard 's caress .
the way of the leaf was an easy master at times , providing a life of joy and peace .
but a leaf fell in calm winds and in the tempest ; dedication demanded that one accept the latter as well as the former .
trollocs will not follow the way of the leaf '' .
in the backwash of the headlights , i could see the flapping green shadows of thick foliage and nodding , wind - whipped trees .
cherise drove too fast , skidding around debris and wrecks , trembling like a leaf .
how good it would be to lie in that soft bed of dead leaf and sleep the day away .
at last exhaustion came over me , almost a sweet exhaustion because it pushed all anxiety ahead of it , and i collapsed on the soft bed of moldering leaf .
she was covered in broken bits of leaf .
i was clothed in linen robes , robes trimmed in embroidered leaf and flower .
suddenly descending to all fours he ran as a wolf would run , swiftly through the dense foliage .
then down from the upper branches it became rain again to the lower branches , and from then on down to the world below , rain and rain and rain , until it fell soft on the tiny quaking ferns and on the deep mulch of dead leaf , so rich , so fragrant .
as he neared the lair now the cubs , great sixty- to seventy - pound cats themselves , bolted from the wet foliage ; the mother cat crouched , ready to spring .
the blue sky shone through the mass of enclosing foliage that was the treetops .
for a long moment he looked at her , lying there waiting for him , her hair loose and snagged with bits of aromatic leaf or petal , her eyes large and drowsy yet fixed on him .
his clothes were streaked with rain and dirt , his hair full of dust and bits of broken leaf .
without the slightest crackling sound of leaf or branch , there was movement virtually surrounding him .
they dropped down effortlessly from the cliff and into the rattling web of sharp - edged leaf and prickling vine , the night sky pink and luminescent above them , allowing themselves to slide fearlessly down the mountainside .
rotted crumbling branches and old tree trunks shattered beneath them , the tough fibrous vines whipped and torn by their simplest movements , snakes thrashing wildly through the foliage as the insects swarmed , seeking to blind them or stop them to no avail .
on and on they went , running their paws over these stone images as they yanked back the veil of foliage .
one figure was most definitely the tall raw - boned elthram in his familiar beige chamois shirt and pants , his black hair long and bushy and even tangled with bits of dried leaf ; and the other figure , the slender and graceful woman who stood right beside him , groomed and seemingly poised , was marchent .
under countless christmas bulbs and golden floods the huge masses of tropical foliage here looked almost grotesque ; guests were everywhere among the trellises and pots , but where was she ?
maybe phil was studying the foliage in the photograph and thinking of mundane things , like where it might have been taken , or observing details about the men 's clothing and guns .
phil 's spidery drawings surrounded each page , weaving images together rather like the illuminations in medieval manuscripts , and often amounted to frames of foliage with simple domestic objects embedded in them .
rapidly they moved through the wet foliage towards the sleeping town of nideck .
` ` it 's as if the forest is praying , as if the earth is praying , as if prayers are rising to heaven off every shimmering leaf and branch . ''
` ` i gift you with a new job , kalla , '' she said , and the first of the hunters circling them eased out of the mist ; the young - faced elf crouched at the base of a tree and sucked on a sweet leaf as he smirked at gally .
the watching elf spat out his sweet leaf and stood , not upset but wary .
in that moment , i had a flashing vision of arthur riding off on a white stallion , down a leaf - strewn forest path bathed in golden light , a path that led straight into the golden sun .
i can hear a leaf falling from a tree , see clearly in the darkness , run for miles and miles ... '' ` ` it rather sounds as if you like it . ''
chapter 9 lifting his head , reyes sniffed the air , sorting shanara 's scent from the hundreds of others that assailed him - the scent of damp earth and trees and rotting foliage .
he felt it coalesce and he drew it close , feeling it surround him , and then he stepped out into the darkness of space , his body falling like a leaf from a tree , changing from wizard to wolf as he drifted downward to land , as light as dandelion down , on the ground .
the sounds of their horses ' hooves were muted in the thick leaf mold and vegetation that covered the ground .
` ` the maple leaf ? ''
we made a stop at the maple leaf , where hailey embarrassed allie by having the band dedicate a song to her .
it felt dry , like an autumn leaf .
the reds , yellows and oranges of freshly opening blossoms were brilliant against the green foliage .
the soft rustling of foliage , the sweet scent of the bluebells and the warm spring breeze on her face cast a spell of silent reverie that was suddenly broken by the businesslike sound of a woodpecker .
on this plateau was arranged a miniature garden complete with foliage , tiny hedges , walks , mirror ponds , and streams ; along the path , several porcelain figurines were strolling .
he paused , noticing a loose leaf glide gently from a branch and flutter to his lap .
not surprisingly , the ostracised frances and george sat at a distance from the group , and while louisa burbled on about the necessity of having a formal christmas , george proceeded to dismember the leaf of a pot plant that was tickling the back of his neck .
no sooner had she entered the room , she secreted herself behind one of the densest looking palms , hoping the plants foliage would be sufficient enough to hide her from view .
it was edwina ballard , cradling a large basket of freshly picked flowers in her arms , a composition that included roses , daisies , sweet peas and foliage in various shades of green .
frances toyed with a leaf that had just fluttered down upon her .
i wish i knew , she said , breaking pieces off the dried leaf .
frances placed the remains of the leaf on the seat and cast edwina ballard a sideways glance .
oh jamie robert gasped , trying to catch his breath , still lying among the leaf mold .
his mouth and throat were as dry as a cured tobacco leaf .
( past ) i can see as edward saw , almost lying on the ground , half covered by leaf mould , shivering and clinging to a tree ; on that night of running from the wood store .
there s a long avenue of trees leading up from the road to the castle keep and leaf mould and the demolition rubble of centuries bound the hard earth track between .
many times they would simply lie for hours entwined in each others arms listening to the gurgling waters passing nearby , or to the soft voices of other young lovers seeking their own eden among the heavy shrubs and foliage growing at the edge of the river .
the dense foliage opened to reveal a small clearing where the damp earth had been raked clean .
would n't want to upset your mother any more than i already have , what with her thinking me such a bad influence on you and all ... . '' perry was clearly at a loss , and juliet , watching this tense exchange and desperately trying to calm her shrieking daughter , felt her spirits sink like a leaf downed by a storm .
ten minutes later , he was munching on a piece of buttered bread and striding up the leaf - shaded path between the mill stream and the abbey meadow , heading toward town .
it was considered important that no strand of hair was loosened as he weaved around trees without leaving a leaf shaking .
then ` ` ahhh , i told you so '' and emerged from the undergrowth pulling what appeared to be a large bundle , swaddled in saplings , rushes , foliage and various pieces of vegetation .
the ground was too rocky , so he settled instead on jamming them one by one on living tree branches , he first stripped of foliage .
she rubbed a crushed mint leaf over her teeth , then , using the new tortoise shell comb that nick had given her , sarah unbraided her hair and made short work of the tangles .
she plucked another leaf from her hair .
sarah bent forward , and their eyes met as nicks long fingers removed the foliage from her hair .
curious , he took his sword and cut through the thick foliage of the forest , drawn to the music of voices .
hades was so overwhelmed by the life in the forest that he did nt notice that each footstep of his left behind a trail of decay , with the grass and foliage withering and dying behind him .
` ` look for a leaf with long , broad divisions , '' said kleito .
then she replanted the remaining foliage , said a few words in defense of her actions , and that she 'd wished the plant no harm .
kleito said nothing but dipped another cup of hot water from the cauldron , sprinkled a bit of dried leaf upon its simmering surface .
it was high summer in bedfordshire , the trees were in full leaf , and the tops of some could be seen above the roofs opposite as they swayed in the stiff breeze .
she began to run her hands experimentally over the columns and carvings of the fireplace , pushing here , tugging at a carved leaf there .
the windows were lined with gold leaf and equipped with shining little hinges to allow air in to the passengers .
it was made of delicate ivory - colored paper and gilded with gold leaf and borders of filigree .
the paint was scratched , and some of the squares of gold leaf had been ripped off by the unforgiving trees and bushes along the road .
both churches had high domes or steeples and an ample use of gold leaf .
as the deep green of pine trees replaced the brighter foliage of oak and elm , it struck her that the midnight lands were a darker and more somber world .
he absently extracted a large , dark green leaf from the pocket of his doublet and dabbed it in a paste he kept in a crumpled paper .
suddenly remembering himself , he stopped and produced another leaf from his pocket .
` ` a delicious leaf .
hawksworth shook his head in wary dissent , whereupon mukarjee continued , settling himself on his haunches and sucking contentedly on the rolled leaf as he spoke .
mukarjee examined him quizzically for a moment as he concentrated on the rolled leaf , savoring the taste , and hawksworth noticed a red trickle emerge from the corner of his mouth and slide slowly off his chin .
he spat the exhausted betel leaf toward the corner of the room and paused dramatically while he prepared another .
the porters explained that the surat broker was accusing the other of mixing sand with the indigo to increase its weight , then disguising his deception by also adding enough oil that the indigo would still float on water , the test used to establish purity of the dried extract of the indigo leaf .
a terrified servant moved the pieces while mirza nuruddin took a betel leaf from a tray and munched it sullenly .
she remembered herself and reached to place a rolled betel leaf in his mouth .
she giggled and took a betel leaf for herself .
instead he took out his own betel leaf and cleared his throat awkwardly .
then the driver rolled a betel leaf for hawksworth and another for himself and set to work erecting the tent , which was nothing more than four poles with a canopy .
janahara chewed silently on the betel leaf and eyed him , knowing he had met that morning with the rajput who brought the english feringhi to agra and wondering why .
nadir sharif bowed , and with an unseen flick sent the rolled betel leaf spinning past the railing , toward the dark waters of the jamuna below .
the beam itself , and its supports , were carved from rosewood , inlaid with jewels , and plated with gold leaf .
my army will be waiting along both sides of the open plain on the east , behind a foliage camouflage we ' ve been erecting over the past two weeks .
it was filled with vibrant miniature paintings , executed on heavy sheets of paper that had been treated with a white pigment of rice water and lavishly embellished with gold leaf .
glossary affionopium agaconcentrated rose oil akas - diyacentral camp light alapopening section of a raga ankushook used for guiding an elephant arakindian liquor arecabetel nut used in making pan art hapractical , worldly ` ` duty '' in hinduism asvinalunar month of september - october azanmuslim call to prayer bhangdrink made from hemp ( marijuana ) biryanirice cooked with meat and spices bolsspecific hand strokes on the indian drum cartazportuguese trading license chartscattle sheds chapattisunleavened fried wheat cakes chappseal or stamp charkhifireworks used to discipline elephants in combat chaturangachess chaudoltraveling conveyance similar to palanquin chauganindian ` ` polo '' chaukiweekly guard duty at the red fort chauparindian dice game chelasmercenary troops beholden to single commander chillumclay tobacco bowl on a hookah chitahindian leopard daimidwife nurse dallentils darshanceremonial dawn appearance of moghul devadasitemple dancer , a special caste deyturkish ruler dharmapurpose or duty in life of hindus dhotiloincloth diwaliindian new year diwan - i - amhall of public audience diwan - i - khashall of private audience durbarpublic audience feringhiforeigner fil - kashelephant - drawn cannon firmanroyal decree frigallaportuguese frigate gau - kashox - drawn cannon gheeclarified butter gholablend of opium and spice gopimilkmaid gulal barroyal compound in camp gurunrefined cane sugar guruteacher gurzthree - headed club halgoalposts for chaugan harkaraconfidential court reporters hookahwater pipe for smoking tobacco howdahseat carried on back of elephant jagirtaxable lands granted to a nobleman kamalove , sensual pleasure karwaindian seaman katarknife designed for thrusting khabardar '' take heed '' khaftanquilted vest worn under armor kosapproximately two miles kamar - bandceremonial waist sash lakha hundred thousand lapsipreparation of gur , ghee , and wheat lilaplay or sport lor langarchain attached to elephant 's leg lungilong waist wrap worn by men mahalpalace mahoutelephant driver maidanpublic square mansabrank given a nobleman mansabdarnobleman granted estates to tax mardum - kashsmall cannon masalablend of spices , ` ` curry powder '' mihaffawooden turret suspended between two animals mina bazaarmock bazaar held on persian new year mirdangasouth indian drum mohurgold coin mudrahand signs in the indian classical dance musallimnavigator on indian ship mutasaddichief port official nakudaowner - captain of indian trading vessel naqqara - khanaentry to royal compound nashudani '' good - for - nothing '' nautchsuggestive dance nezahlance nilgaiindian deer nimplant whose root is used for cleaning teeth nimastehindi greeting , ` ` hello '' paharthree hours pakharsteel plate elephant armor palaswood used for chaugan stick panbetel leaf rolled around betel nut and spices and chewed panchwine punch pandithindu scholar piceindian ` ` penny '' postibanghmixture of opium and hemp extract prahnaspirit , life force puranashindu scriptures qamarghahunt using beaters to assemble game qarawalsbeaters for hunt qazijudge qurhunting enclosure containing game rasaaesthetic mood rasida '' arrived '' ; a piece that reaches center in chaupar board game sachaqmarriage present sandalitype of eunuch sarachahroyal platform sarangiindian musical instrument , resembling violin sariwoman 's wrap satiimmolation of hindu wife with body of her husband sehrabridegroom 's crown sharbatlemon and sugar drink shikarthe hunt sitkritaintake of breath signifying female orgasm strappadoportuguese torture device sumclimax of rhythmic cycle in indian music sutrahindu scripture suwar '' horse rank '' granted noblemen swanih - nigarspecial spy tarispecies of palm tavaif muslim courtesan teslimprostrate bow to moghul tithiday in the lunar calendar todahmound of earth for bow and arrow target practice topiwallah '' man who wears a hat , '' i.e. , a foreigner tundhidrink made from seeds and juices vamaaryan scriptures wakianavispublic court reporters wallahman wazircounselor yogi hindu contemplative zatpersonal rank given a nobleman zenanaharem zihgirthumb ring for shooting bow books by thomas hoover nonfiction zen culture the zen experience fiction the moghul caribbee the samurai strategy project daedalus project cyclops life blood syndrome the touchdown gene also see www.thomashoover.info barbados , 1648 .
finally , they patched together banana leaf ajoupa huts in the cleared area .
in the dull light of the lantern his thin goatee and moustache looked like a growth of pale foliage against his sallow skin .
the route up the island 's center spine was dense with scrub foliage , but the horses pushed their way through .
not to freeze he slept in a leaf drift with its insects .
he decided he had shopping to do with the money graves had given him so he made his way to south central avenue and walked into a haberdashery with a gold leaf sign above the window appropriately proclaiming the store to be gold 's tailoring .
she tried her best to hide herself in the foliage wishing she had nt worn such a brightly colored outfit .
` ` a fortnight ago , i saw you running away from a secluded spot on the property , in the foliage beyond the olive grove . ''
he looked all around the foliage , confused .
nick reached the canopy first , well ahead of peter and ducked down under the branches , pointing his flashlight up to try to see the balloons lights through the foliage .
he looked back around the tree trunk and through the foliage .
angelina was amazed at the oversized boughs , branches and foliage , spread out before her in a maze of steps and walkways .
tourists following star maps are greeted by an iron gate or a security booth and are lucky to see a distant rooftop or garden shed through the thickets of carefully landscaped foliage .
the camera zoomed in on a police officer running up to and looking through the oak trees foliage .
outside the willow trees were in full foliage , and the world looked happy and at peace with itself .
the air was cold , with a promise of frost , and in the gathering dusk he could see the beauty of the turning foliage , a blaze of gold and crimson .
she tried to go back to sleep , but when the door flew open , casting light into the room , she sat up and saw viv standing in the doorway , shaking like a leaf .
from out of the foliage , stephen , adam and abe emerged - all laughing as they fought off bits of greenery .
dark foliage rising into the sky , not to let the adversaries out of their sightleaving a green replica of itself behind .
i tried to imagineand this was not easythe tremendous pain in his hands , him crawling back in under the branches , the foliage of his shelter , at the end of the day , and enduring .
rising , yes , majestically in the early light , catching the sun on its upper branches and foliage .
he looked out into the shadowed forest and saw each leaf on every tree turning brittle and brown and falling to the ground ; saw the sap cooling and turning sluggish as winter came on , then quickening with the spring .
it was not merely one future i had seen , but many , branching like veins in a dried autumn leaf .
on the opposite side of the inner bay , high above the port , magnificent buildings and pavilions could be seen among the foliage of gardens that extended down to almost sea level .
the dress was made of pale green satin and amys pale shoulders , her slender neck and her lovely face grew out of it like a flower from its foliage .
everything else is commercial artcalendar graphics or posters or paintings of lighthouses , fall foliage , the streets of paristhat kind of stuff , done in familiar styles .
then he dragged a piece of wood from the foliage .
a young officer and his girlfriend were grinning at us through some foliage from the other side of the patio .
' oh aunt , he 's as limp as a lettuce leaf and equally as boring . '
for once in our lives we want to inflict one of the poor babe 's , of the male gender , with how it feels to find himself in a demeaning position similar to what women have occupied since eve gave up her fig leaf .
it 's time i turned over a new leaf in my life and if i scared ted out of his boots that 's his problem , at least it was a start . ''
not a leaf or a blade of grass , only cold stone .
the man was white as a sheet and shaking like a leaf .
he smoked a cigar with the warden , the leaf wrapper as soft as maggies lips against his , before retrieving his few personal belongings from the cell .
under the sparse shade of the shoreline sycamores , seasonally spare of leaf , he began wondering how wabt could be so hopeful to believe a stranger would offer her the position of first wife .
deciding she must intervene with the baby , she roamed into the wild to collect fever leaf , black pepper and wild honey .
that which animates the chick to break from its shell , the sycamore leaf to grow green and the sick to be cured breathes into you .
but the trees and summer foliage taunted me with memories of a paradise that i might have found undeniably beautiful at this age , but loathed beyond all things when i was forced to survive there .
his thick brown robe glided over the floor like a maple leaf pushed by a storm .
they turned to face the sounds and were pleased to see their sons emerging from the surrounding foliage with sam in the lead and seth bringing up the rear with a buck draped in front of him across his mares withers .
in this manner , she stumbled her way into the relative safety of the foliage , but being unable to maintain her balance , she continued over frontwards and fell into a bush that served well in helping to break her fall and had possibly even assisted in preventing serious injury .
they also threw saddles and blankets on all five of the riding horses and stuffed protective clumps of leaves and other foliage under the harnesses on the remaining horses that pulled the wagons .
he covered the distance warily while keeping his eyes peeled toward the surrounding trees and foliage .
the lake was indeed a good choice as seth and becky walked slowly along the shoreline with the birds chirping happily and the gentle breeze swaying the foliage in near - perfect time to their steps .
the trail had become so narrow and the foliage so dense that he had lost track of what was behind him until the stranger on horseback had unexpectedly overtaken him .
it was covered over almost completely with foliage .
he led his two brothers to the cave entrance , where he had hacked some of the foliage aside .
the warriors soon arrived at the river and began to run along the bank , paralleling the canoes , while firing arrows at them whenever they found a break in the dense foliage that grew along the river bank .
when the young warrior found a good spot where there was a large gap in the foliage , he turned abruptly toward the river and raced down the bank into the shallows .
they also added some loose foliage and wiped away all the traces of their work .
with the help of my sharp blade , the fabric parts easily as a fallen leaf in a childs hand .
he had barely turned the leaf to forty , but like the juniper bushes in winter that remained green throughout its season and still produced wine colored berries , despite the frost layered heavy along its edges , so had the stresses of everyone elses problems crusted about his crown , and seemed to wear him like the thick black cravat beneath the somber woolen jacket .
other streams converged into the whole , almost as much as the veins on a leaf , and because of it the air smelled fresh , like after a heavy rain .
satisfied that he was aloneamidst the subtle chaos of the many lives uninterested in his plans and doingshe now approached the path , bent the covering foliage aside and placed his left foot on the path .
here and there the sunlight reached all the way through the thinning overhead foliage to dazzle the ground .
mid - afternoon saw a squall of rain , some of which she gathered in a cupped leaf , enough for a single swallow and to wet her lips and tongue .
on her way to the lake she folded a large leaf into a small pail .
he watched her delicately tiptoe barefooted across the leaf covered ground as though she had stepped on the dance floor and was wading through the crowd to join him .
he had never seen her face flush with embarrassment , and he fidgeted with a leaf he plucked from a tree overhead .
he was glad to be home , surrounded by foliage and beauty , and though he missed the wide open spaces of the plains , he had no desire to return to the desolation which he remembered so well .
the monks quickly carried the light craft up the beach and hid it in some foliage next to a rock outcrop .
she dressed in the finest clothes , died in patterns of flowers and foliage .
with that , the rider directed his horse down the fork in the track , and was quickly lost in the foliage of the forest , leaving caleb to continue alone on his solemn and thoughtful ride home .
i positioned my men on the ridge - back of the hill hidden in the brush and foliage .
she moved steadily from stem to stem , cutting off those that did not have the correct leaf pattern to indicate the soon growth of a rose .
she got up from her stooped position , the sun once again pushing through the foliage overhead to cascade on her head and shoulders in small irregular patterns , and then she turned .
there was salina , not fifteen feet away from him , sitting on a bench beneath the vibrant , heavenly scented lilac bush , shaded in its foliage .
she thought she heard a rustle , thought she could detect a shadow amongst the foliage , but she could see no - one .
they can survive weeks without water as they know which leaf juice can hydrate the body in case water is not available .
he sat near her as she sat in front of the banana leaves and started serving food on both the leaf plates .
he created the fire and kept a small burning log ready to face any emergency while saira gathered some dry leaf so that they could make a fire wall .
he also sat on the opposite side with a banana leaf served with food .
the sound of my shoes clicked off the marble and echoed off the gold leaf on the walls .
percy scuffled back down the ladder , by now trembling like a leaf .
the late sun was warm on her back and the trees were again in leaf .
with his finger , he cleared away some foliage to get a better view .
the anne he brought back here with him was frail , like the last leaf on an oak .
you were thin , frail , and shaking like a leaf .
blow away like a leaf ?
moving his arm , he twirled a leaf between his index finger and thumb .
as the mysterious rounds the base of a protruding island mountain , several women are running out onto the beach opening up a man - made gate , covered with vines and island foliage .
only the soft sound of birds singing in the palm trees and the chatter of small animals hidden under the tropical foliage can be heard ; even the waves seen to be calming down .
looking in the direction of the ringing bell , diana sees a sail wrapped around a mast which has been carefully concealed by the heavy island foliage .
behind the thick green foliage , they hide until the pirate closest to them turns around .
adding to this confusion several coconuts fall on the heads of the pirates who are sticking their heads too far into the foliage .
pulling their heads back out of the foliage and rubbing the spot hit by the falling coconut , they feel the sudden prick of a sword tip again .
as black beards crew quickly turns around to look at their captain , gray wolf is pushed through the foliage landing on what should be dirt .
hearing water where it should be land , black beard looks through the foliage and finds gray wolf in the manmade channel which ian and his crew had used for years .
jumping through the foliage and into the water he grabs gray wolf .
hearing the sound of water behind the foliage his crew , follow their captain , and discover the gate that covers the channel .
looking down onto the village , through the island foliage they try to figure what is different .
leaving the kitchen area diana sneaks off into the island foliage .
lucas helps ian to stand , and slowly they all begin walking off of the beach behind the tree line and further in toward the island foliage .
` ` finest leaf , '' agreed the german , ` ` connecticut grown from havana seeds .
upon closer examination , he finds a few barefoot footprints imbedded in the soft sand ; footprints that lead from the raft into the thick foliage alongside the river .
arriving at the rivers edge , they discover there is an eight to ten foot bank leading from the sands edge to the dense foliage and woods above .
she thought the sight of this fall foliage belonged on a postcard .
from the brambles and foliage along the pee dee , a youngster cautiously emerges holding a double barrel shotgun .
it was blistering hot here , and off to my left were tall thick desert leaf trees , and below that were pools of water that filled from a stream and waterfall up the canyon .
he settled into the crotch , well hidden by the foliage , and waited .
both ate off the broad leaf of a plant that seemed to thrive everywhere on the island .
using a stick , hideki led it along the wood to collect on a broad leaf where it soon congealed .
above him the wind rattled the foliage and rain pelted down in the continuous downpour .
he sat in the water , listening to the twitter of the birds , and the rustle of the breeze through the foliage .
they were mountain people living in a lonely log cabin beneath the deep green foliage in the great smoky mountains .
the neatly trimmed vineyards and foliage planted for decoration also went unattended .
poking his head in and out of the foliage like a chicken pecking at its food , he ordered the phantom minister to show himself .
he told tales of strange beasts encountered during their jungle treks , which require native porters , rifles for protection and machetes to hack through the treacherous snake infested foliage .
without thinking more she went over and put her arms around him , feeling his thin broad shoulders shaking underneath her like a leaf .
he continued to shake like a leaf for a few minutes and then it was as if he started drawing comfort for her and slowly his sobbing and groaning subsided and then it was just the shaking of his body against hers .
though lucius knew the heaviness of the beam , though he 'd seen the two oxen struggling to pull it yesterday , straining their shoulders against its inertia , as it swung now from the ropes it seemed almost weightless , easily moved with the touch of a finger , floating like a leaf on the breeze .
surely if she could hear , as it seemed , each individual leaf shivering in the trees , she should have heard the priest 's approach ?
here , though , everything was still ; from time to time a dry leaf rustled as a momentary breeze picked it up and tumbled it a few times before letting it drop , or a lizard would scrabble across the dust , holding its legs high like a parody of a dainty girl holding up her dress to cross a stream .
slowly , he felt his way through the foliage , wedging himself deeper into the thick shade , between two branches ; branches bent and sprang , but he made as little noise as he could , still listening for melkart 's presence .
a wall of hanging foliage closed the end of the gorge ; she 'd simply stepped through it .
swaying out , into empty air , light as a leaf falling or a swallow scything its way over the river meadows , and raising a trembling brush to the deity 's clay face .
the winter had passed , and the new year had already started , but though march had started the trees budding , hard and sticky leaf spikes at the end of every twig , it had n't yet touched the city with green , and a late hard frost had coated the ground with rime so that the grass crunched underfoot .
of the nightshade , the berry , the leaf and the root .
of the foxglove , the root , the seed and the leaf . ''
he remembered her stories of the dark temples , of vigils kept , of days wandering the cliff paths looking for a rare herb , that could be picked only at the waning of the moon ; she used to sing him asleep with the qualities of the plants , and he could still remember the names - ratbane , the monarch , butterfly , cloudflower , fox - ivy , chalk - holly , silver - feather , thousand - leaf , augur 's staff - though he could n't recognise a single plant , and had forgotten , if he had ever known , what they were good for .
he was holding a spear , made of ash and topped with an iron head shaped like a leaf .
emma began trembling like a leaf .
since driving the nazi occupation north , the canadian forces had established a semi - permanent presence in campobasso , to the extent that the city was gaining the reputation as canada town or maple leaf city .
he treaded silently except for the occasional crunch of a branch or leaf pile .
a flash of red against the green of the foliage drew his instant attention , even if it was hidden beneath a white bonnet .
immediately feeling a little cooler she moved amongst the foliage until she felt she was a sufficient distance from galeren to make her change privately , but not too far from him lest anything bad happen .
hugh wanted to put to rest the problem of gruffudd ap madog before spring arrived in full force and caused the yet dormant foliage to erupt into leafy hiding places .
i myself was so frightened i was shaking like a leaf .
the ground began to slope gently downward as he entered the valley and the heavy foliage that had lined the road thinned for the moment .
her hands smoothed the front leaf and she began at the trunk and read upward to each branch .
lily , go get miz rose some water , and put a mint leaf in it .
` ` my eyes do not focus as well as they used to , but from here it looks to be in the shape of a leaf . ''
` ` it is in the shape of an oak leaf .
my mother told me the leaf was sacred to the ancient druids , and the birthmark was proof of our claim to royalty .
almost before the colonists were aware of it , brilliant foliage heralded a change in seasons .
they were too caught up with adrenalin and bloodlust to spot him in the foliage as they rushed by , each man mindlessly intent on being the first to reach the victims .
her spirit kicked and screamed , grasping at every branch and leaf whipping past in a desperate attempt to disengage her spirit form from her body .
as the driver slowed the wagon to navigate a switchback , a crossbow bolt caught him high in the chest , lifting him off the bench seat and depositing him deep into the foliage where he disappeared from view .
ann was shaking like a leaf .
he seemed more competent than bill , who was quaking like a leaf and waving his little handgun around in front of him , but far less insane than miller .
he watched it settle , like a leaf in the wind , and glanced up .
the badgers crept in close , using the beautifully trimmed bushes and foliage around the hospital as cover .
when lily turned her head backwards , at the sound of a crunching leaf , starr levitated and continued after her .
catch hell - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 catch hell 704 the 404 and 391 a 335 of 228 to 223 her 204 in 165 she 154 his 138 he 110 was 94 it 84 said 80 mr 76 on 75 that 72 you 72 with 72 sonny 68 from 61 as 59 for 58 i 57 at 51 an 51 katherine 49 had 46 him 46 one 43 into 42 their 41 what 41 they 41 were 38 this 35 by 34 or 31 be 31 them 30 so 28 all 28 she 'd 27 over 27 not 25 no 25 when 25 but 25 like 24 its 23 prettyman 23 lang 21 there 20 he 'd 19 old 19 who 19 face 19 then 19 is 18 some 18 hand 17 are 17 after 17 if 17 through 16 me 16 could 16 would 16 ting 16 bed 16 cockrum 16 man 16 been 16 room 15 about 15 away 14 eyes 14 your 14 while 14 made 13 i ' m 13 black 13 right 13 dark 13 my 13 several 13 here 13 until 13 around 12 oh 12 they 'd 12 it 's 12 where 12 left 12 against 12 other 12 do 12 yes 12 up 12 such 12 out 11 off 11 that 's 11 way 11 long 11 just 11 you 're 11 did 11 more 11 much 11 upon 11 another 11 did n't 11 stood 11 across 10 get 10 during 10 have 10 down 10 was n't 10 we 10 hands 10 came 10 do n't 10 baby 10 goat 10 these 10 before 9 darkness 9 say 9 own 9 gave 9 than 9 back 9 olde 9 herself 9 most 9 guests 9 why 9 seemed 9 lodge 9 lay 8 bit 8 knew 8 few 8 think 8 something 8 husband 8 hair 8 near 8 morning 8 he 's 8 mouth 8 those 8 dead 8 smile 8 find 8 trees 8 i 'll 8 only 8 very 8 almost 8 glass 8 thought 8 watched 8 woodruff 8 well 8 called 8 now 8 how 8 which 8 far 8 see 8 head 8 years 7 men 7 expression 7 reynolds 7 want 7 fire 7 fabini 7 many 7 arm 7 family 7 later 7 end 7 envelope 7 might 7 sure 7 went 7 voice 7 towne 7 light 7 still 7 probably 7 blood 7 sonny 's 7 empty 7 shook 7 laughed 7 small 7 take 7 field 7 once 7 lang 's 6 really 6 things 6 even 6 should 6 stone 6 grounds 6 yellow 6 set 6 real 6 white 6 everything 6 red 6 behind 6 open 6 never 6 kept 6 had n't 6 without 6 smiled 6 two 6 ram 6 sweet 6 let 6 will 6 became 6 good 6 stopped 6 toward 6 yet 6 put 6 i ' ve 6 mind 6 know 6 course 6 stag 6 view 6 ms 6 painting 6 yeah 6 is n't 6 ah 6 nurse 6 too 6 got 6 night 6 time 6 tried 6 walked 6 turned 6 tell 6 days 6 door 6 anything 6 began 6 first 5 wild 5 matter 5 told 5 hell 5 call 5 drive 5 moment 5 little 5 we 're 5 maybe 5 stared 5 our 5 home 5 couple 5 took 5 chair 5 started 5 shadows 5 kind 5 father 5 pieces 5 half 5 however 5 there 's 5 moon 5 tight 5 sat 5 felt 5 else 5 woods 5 wanted 5 soft 5 asked 5 done 5 give 5 being 5 possessed 5 looks 5 ask 5 dozen 5 papers 5 fell 5 read 5 window 5 ancient 5 hotel 5 town 5 enough 5 us 5 shop 5 stay 5 place 5 obscured 4 fuck 4 going 4 lights 4 flesh 4 check 4 wo n't 4 people 4 directly 4 ear 4 famous 4 nothing 4 green 4 line 4 slipped 4 wood 4 rather 4 late 4 foot 4 who 'd 4 hope 4 rolled 4 entire 4 caught 4 grass 4 feet 4 main 4 god 4 every 4 beyond 4 cold 4 pit 4 months 4 happened 4 group 4 neck 4 laughter 4 hunt 4 become 4 living 4 leaves 4 welloc 4 three 4 any 4 among 4 look 4 thousand 4 again 4 nice 4 sometimes 4 less 4 notes 4 next 4 kat 4 big 4 hour 4 others 4 sent 4 leaving 4 property 4 den 4 clothes 4 between 4 dinner 4 though 4 settled 4 television 4 what 's 4 wooden 4 himself 4 always 4 forest 4 within 4 sex 4 because 4 followed 4 corner 4 road 4 pentagram 4 various 4 beneath 4 could n't 4 best 4 game 4 shot 4 suite 4 books 4 finally 4 mrs 4 would n't 4 teeth 4 glance 4 desk 4 street 4 name 4 bill 4 you 'd 4 along 4 party 4 remained 4 pair 4 high 3 taken 3 land 3 type 3 eye 3 gone 3 rendezvous 3 front 3 local 3 disquieting 3 mace 3 hear 3 occasionally 3 wheel 3 breath 3 immediately 3 drunk 3 mention 3 rose 3 already 3 arms 3 word 3 building 3 table 3 horns 3 house 3 country 3 need 3 wonder 3 research 3 young 3 arrived 3 mom 3 tears 3 wondered 3 indian 3 valley 3 car 3 candles 3 boy 3 fingers 3 muscular 3 dr 3 hot 3 stirred 3 pressed 3 post 3 brochure 3 region 3 wine 3 nanny 3 staff 3 hill 3 chalk 3 blue 3 bare 3 lord 3 lips 3 nowhere 3 watching 3 oak 3 spoke 3 heat 3 map 3 case 3 series 3 bitch 3 ago 3 alone 3 bungalow 3 altar 3 together 3 battered 3 brick 3 art 3 grin 3 past 3 iron 3 thick 3 farm 3 opened 3 dwelt 3 decrepit 3 grand 3 pictures 3 snapped 3 burned 3 history 3 fit 3 woman 3 curator 3 image 3 following 3 legs 3 america 3 terror 3 child 3 onto 3 latin 3 screamed 3 wish 3 trembled 3 bungalows 3 money 3 recognized 3 acquired 3 shadow 3 roof 3 mountains 3 witch 3 neither 3 seen 3 quite 3 nonetheless 3 folklore 3 museum 3 dabbled 3 heard 3 decided 3 tall 3 vision 3 devil 3 circle 3 asleep 3 make 3 leather 3 themselves 3 worry 3 shoulders 3 loose 3 middle 3 you ' ve 3 shade 3 certainly 3 carefully 3 flickered 3 drinks 3 beer 3 hundred 3 shone 3 oversized 3 must 3 faces 3 glanced 3 path 3 since 3 faded 3 pulled 3 boys 3 except 3 appeared 3 okay 3 ready 3 bedroom 3 pills 3 walking 3 sharply 3 mother 3 form 3 figure 3 steps 3 true 3 nor 3 reached 3 swallowed 3 lamps 3 kent 3 seattle 3 jesus 3 walk 3 grove 3 titles 3 event 3 question 3 animals 3 golden 3 reading 3 staring 3 bears 3 pink 3 nearly 3 bother 3 camera 3 played 3 edge 3 scattered 3 photographs 3 floor 3 negatives 3 shops 3 hills 3 tossed 3 phone 3 has 3 gently 3 accident 3 supper 3 shirt 3 lamp 3 fellow 3 lot 3 noted 3 brought 3 belly 3 spent 3 scars 3 bought 3 returned 3 perhaps 3 live 3 times 3 forget 3 saw 3 above 3 jennifer 2 cock 2 elevator 2 custom 2 studied 2 can 2 fair 2 interesting 2 cool 2 signaled 2 sheets 2 demeanor 2 sheriff 2 tables 2 western 2 coals 2 invited 2 curl 2 trouble 2 afternoon 2 flanked 2 dagger 2 doubtless 2 environs 2 squatted 2 police 2 whom 2 attendant 2 serious 2 minister 2 keep 2 heads 2 frequently 2 poor 2 waiting 2 watch 2 thighs 2 knowledge 2 heavily 2 thigh 2 pile 2 evening 2 canasta 2 atop 2 shadowed 2 city 2 allegedly 2 happy 2 hated 2 slide 2 kissed 2 curled 2 rage 2 whenever 2 rituals 2 stunned 2 pulse 2 luggage 2 obvious 2 houses 2 earth 2 satyr 2 narrowed 2 chimney 2 bring 2 crib 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 sleep 2 drifted 2 both 2 power 2 although 2 period 2 shut 2 male 2 motes 2 bore 2 traditions 2 arrowheads 2 bizarre 2 sobbing 2 nasty 2 wet 2 european 2 might ' ve 2 countryside 2 wrapped 2 forgive 2 doing 2 tourists 2 go 2 third 2 flowers 2 estate 2 volunteer 2 anyway 2 bad 2 ashes 2 hedges 2 deeper 2 beams 2 speak 2 drink 2 stuff 2 whispered 2 comment 2 suits 2 packet 2 usual 2 area 2 mask 2 shoved 2 doorway 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 comes 2 ears 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 whatever 2 purchased 2 pity 2 reared 2 melted 2 carrying 2 sharing 2 smoking 2 temple 2 cards 2 concerned 2 marble 2 life 2 talking 2 subject 2 orange 2 wit 2 surprised 2 celtic 2 mirror 2 throw 2 college 2 cheek 2 copse 2 lifted 2 withered 2 blackberry 2 care 2 imported 2 sky 2 quick 2 fast 2 billy 2 ram 's 2 inner 2 study 2 artifacts 2 places 2 running 2 sites 2 swept 2 refused 2 begun 2 photo 2 destroyed 2 handful 2 katherine 's 2 acne 2 games 2 crawled 2 station 2 licked 2 truly 2 poured 2 understand 2 seat 2 passed 2 snoring 2 evident 2 engaged 2 shit 2 run 2 mexico 2 conversation 2 features 2 under 2 getting 2 please 2 distance 2 deck 2 magnolias 2 earlier 2 enormous 2 signs 2 added 2 personally 2 buildings 2 sparks 2 radio 2 large 2 japanese 2 removed 2 attempt 2 soon 2 pagan 2 gathered 2 dusting 2 great 2 discern 2 breeze 2 pregnancy 2 proprietor 2 seems 2 awake 2 continued 2 piece 2 pleased 2 feel 2 derek 2 prettyman 's 2 fan 2 thinking 2 gleamed 2 romantic 2 stumbled 2 chest 2 growing 2 slumped 2 second 2 bound 2 esteemed 2 love 2 thrashed 2 someone 2 amateur 2 bric - a - brac 2 work 2 grown 2 kristoff 2 entirely 2 phones 2 emerged 2 hearing 2 silence 2 illuminated 2 wide 2 each 2 lying 2 bone 2 rubbed 2 unfortunate 2 structures 2 weight 2 s 2 crept 2 finished 2 antique 2 doubt 2 drawn 2 block 2 darker 2 floors 2 hiker 2 bird 2 one 's 2 needy 2 swirled 2 ten 2 insides 2 allowed 2 year 2 regarding 2 submerged 2 slaughtered 2 stop 2 waist 2 fireplace 2 hello 2 quietly 2 wall 2 wind 2 skin 2 explained 2 plates 2 stayed 2 problem 2 storms 2 were n't 2 shrine 2 locals 2 i 'd 2 ruins 2 treatises 2 stars 2 groaned 2 frankly 2 fruitless 2 meet 2 dreadful 2 humor 2 indeed 2 blanket 2 cleared 2 roll 2 state 2 suit 2 weeks 2 fly 2 vodka 2 deep 2 due 2 horizon 2 collapsed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 last 2 wales 2 daily 2 satan 2 summer 2 hold 2 died 2 welloc - devlin 2 bus 2 same 2 named 2 everywhere 2 bags 2 scary 2 hanging 2 dim 2 grew 2 occupied 2 legends 2 born 2 impression 2 raised 2 ones 2 friends 2 squeezed 2 cultural 2 arched 2 shower 2 towne 's 2 admittedly 2 likely 2 wrought 2 struck 2 expert 2 incident 2 garage 2 gesture 2 distillery 2 sketches 2 secret 2 urge 2 visited 2 disappeared 2 women 2 looked 2 am 2 children 2 sunglasses 2 day 2 body 2 lit 2 drew 2 pocket 2 digging 2 shoes 2 ever 2 surroundings 2 university 2 upper 2 lost 2 written 2 tomes 2 hung 2 leaked 2 besides 2 loved 2 tongue 2 write 2 apparently 2 stream 2 smug 2 crazy 2 dreams 2 office 2 possibilities 2 pale 2 sharp 2 legal 2 statue 2 tour 2 says 2 fascination 2 goat 's 2 divided 2 got ta 2 leaned 2 management 2 complicated 2 early 2 slightly 2 cluster 2 dust 2 muddy 2 used 2 nightmare 2 lie 2 windows 2 decorated 2 hall 2 believe 2 burrow 2 otherwise 2 installed 2 desire 2 host 2 gloom 2 crying 2 shall 2 hesitated 2 casual 2 chef 2 hard 2 fetish 2 surveyed 2 hobby 2 managed 2 mastiffs 2 population 2 waited 2 rubbish 2 looming 2 hushed 2 girlfriend 2 slowly 2 objects 2 ruin 2 included 2 humidity 2 exhaled 2 does n't 2 also 2 wagon 2 fences 2 briefly 2 locked 2 bubbled 2 crashed 2 pasadena 2 crowned 2 drank 2 pay 2 historical 2 damp 2 sunk 2 exhaustion 2 pictured 2 sloughed 2 low 2 pure 2 rush 2 realized 2 europe 2 rustic 2 caused 2 statue 's 2 developed 2 cigarette 2 husband 's 2 claimed 2 school 2 slacks 2 wore 2 chuckled 2 purpose 2 owners 2 prospect 2 flipped 2 preserve 2 isolation 2 shrieked 2 instantly 2 enjoy 2 ca n't 2 lovely 2 selfish 2 closed 2 list 2 olive 2 leave 2 massive 2 bottle 2 clung 2 stretched 2 corners 2 cloud 2 blank 2 raise 2 gotten 2 throat 2 clarity 2 modern 2 words 2 week 2 instant 2 curtain 2 pine 2 mentioned 2 glasses 2 grabbed 2 foliage 2 burn 2 calves 2 mean 2 thing 2 whisper 2 darkest 2 brain 2 foundation 2 nodded 2 flush 2 softly 2 hips 2 jacket 2 football 2 services 2 bushes 2 search 2 soul 2 help 1 half - star 1 infamous 1 thinks 1 humanoid 1 descended 1 coaxed 1 learned 1 mortal 1 assistants 1 dropped 1 modest 1 segmented 1 dwelling 1 awakened 1 coal 1 loons 1 cinema 1 farms 1 married 1 rigid 1 venice 1 lounging 1 counted 1 materials 1 gray 1 medicine 1 cozy 1 twenty 1 tied 1 matters 1 trust 1 numb 1 slack 1 trendy 1 briar 1 compulsive 1 pursuits 1 prince 1 shrugged 1 imagine 1 access 1 super 1 ol ' 1 smuggle 1 moans 1 cracked 1 totems 1 choked 1 well - oiled 1 breast 1 curses 1 guts 1 oozing 1 screws 1 pastime 1 satisfying 1 shapeless 1 masonry 1 presence 1 urban 1 lord 's 1 virgin 1 white - gloved 1 mild 1 alchemical 1 thank 1 girth 1 sulfurous 1 parchment 1 depression - era 1 crass 1 fiercely 1 worked 1 ended 1 share 1 cow 1 swarm 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 farther 1 bitches 1 naked 1 booth 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 8 1 bellowed 1 undressed 1 keeping 1 regardless 1 explored 1 everyone 1 jungle 1 stretch 1 peaked 1 semicircle 1 resembled 1 clothbound 1 polo 1 vomit 1 wobbled 1 steering 1 ebon 1 partially 1 eminently 1 abundance 1 dip - ping 1 intrepid 1 guest 1 beard 1 acquisition 1 ubiquitous 1 eurasian 1 obliterated 1 depths 1 certain 1 merciless 1 meeting 1 12 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 comfortably 1 marked 1 knots 1 tribe 's 1 1 1 tattoo 1 slaughtering 1 nests 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 assistant 1 blessingham 1 price 1 concierge 1 clipped 1 antiquities 1 resembles- 1 peeped 1 gary 1 collapse 1 cooked 1 dutch 1 promised 1 mundane 1 jailed 1 fanu 1 yourselves 1 choreographed 1 resided 1 ance 1 return 1 dj 1 intervals 1 juncture 1 legality 1 cement 1 bar 1 fine 1 better 1 agrippa 1 kat 's 1 archeology 1 coffees 1 prohibition 1 archaic 1 thorn 1 embossed 1 thug 1 taught 1 boot 1 hide 1 waking 1 accomplice 1 feeding 1 lodge 's 1 anymore 1 dumbfounded 1 foster 1 artifact 1 700 1 surprise 1 spend 1 utterly 1 insular 1 excess 1 photographer 1 doors 1 hap - less 1 lucky 1 screened 1 ghost 1 spittle 1 saying 1 sliced 1 aisle 1 dripped 1 echoing 1 cares 1 hijinks 1 exchange 1 yourself 1 veteran 1 um 1 triumph 1 appetites 1 latter 1 flash 1 era 1 fold 1 lusty 1 gloomy 1 accompaniment 1 stroked 1 mug 1 town 's 1 stare 1 position 1 twinkled 1 hunts 1 hissed 1 deal 1 person 1 maintenance 1 ordinary - the 1 disaffected 1 regrettable 1 reporting 1 absently 1 organize 1 sedan - a 1 smudge 1 gangster 1 soda 1 waitress 1 banker 1 positively 1 janie 1 recognize 1 dipped 1 truthfully 1 crooked 1 slug 1 sweaty 1 slum 1 knee 1 snohomish 1 dollar 1 grief 1 antiquity 1 furnace 1 fled 1 neighboring 1 ochre 1 sidled 1 massachusetts 1 trading 1 lapse 1 sonofabitch 1 vast 1 result 1 understandably 1 itemized 1 impressed 1 ceremonial 1 reflection 1 solution 1 eagerness 1 burden 1 quarters 1 alpha 1 dissolved 1 berated 1 radiated 1 sports 1 frighteningly 1 burger 1 wire 1 tapestry 1 job 1 detail 1 boar 1 burly 1 wireless 1 smacked 1 steward 1 sputtered 1 heaved 1 skirted 1 flared 1 blocky 1 outline 1 couples ' 1 sill 1 tooth 1 swear 1 does 1 thankfully 1 fire - house 1 ting 's 1 reaping - time 1 per 1 outside 1 process 1 fewer 1 tributaries 1 belson 1 lineage 1 westerly 1 referred 1 passive 1 rummaged 1 doorstep 1 dared 1 hallowed 1 abridged 1 age - blackened 1 center 1 witchcraft 1 geophysical 1 survey 1 laugh 1 parties 1 religion 1 trunk 1 brisk 1 puhleeze 1 peeler 1 knowing 1 perfect 1 countless 1 driven 1 sadistic 1 birth 1 midsummer 1 dwell 1 halloween 1 illusion 1 threw 1 flew 1 dug 1 blocked 1 business 1 panicked 1 lighted 1 teenagers 1 imperceptibly 1 locations 1 divulge 1 sneered 1 substance 1 nightstand 1 important 1 spied 1 prior 1 slinging 1 alcove 1 indefinable 1 c - note 1 bordered 1 girl 1 mainly 1 skittering 1 ecclesiastical 1 stroking 1 shelves 1 located 1 abruptly 1 thrived 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 peak 1 squinted 1 gothic 1 gregorian 1 habits 1 rams 1 relief 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 peasants 1 slunk 1 carpenters 1 persisted 1 practically 1 hutch 1 nimbus 1 infrequent 1 gilt 1 seethed 1 grip 1 creeps 1 superstition 1 mine 1 condescension 1 eyebrow 1 toed 1 add 1 offstage 1 fissures 1 carpets 1 slavic 1 tv 1 control 1 including 1 figurine 1 clotted 1 spurts 1 5 1 complete 1 portion 1 itself 1 tree 1 mortified 1 steadfast 1 monday 1 profound 1 canted 1 pants 1 summoning 1 pussy 1 mattress 1 hours 1 designer 1 security - he 1 barber 1 negative 1 stole 1 thunder 1 historic 1 fee 1 hate 1 shock 1 1900s 1 chameleon 1 ebbed 1 gulp 1 colorful 1 him- 1 goddamn 1 crassness 1 settlers 1 occasion 1 whoever 1 below 1 streets 1 woman ' 1 edges 1 academic 1 tightening 1 mortar 1 multiple 1 approach 1 pocketing 1 efficacy 1 adventure 1 normalcy 1 honeymoon 1 elsewhere 1 chosen 1 scotch 1 cultist 1 inhaled 1 belong 1 professed 1 recently 1 weathervanes 1 bills 1 miscarried 1 lover 1 cute 1 pastoral 1 mock 1 hawthorn 1 writing 1 faint 1 bleeding 1 wright 1 expanded 1 classes 1 texts 1 luncheon 1 cows 1 nailed 1 traipsing 1 inn 1 hug 1 rising 1 filed 1 humble 1 jar 1 mental 1 recesses 1 landscape 1 items 1 waters 1 bottles 1 steel 1 key 1 we 'll 1 entities 1 printed 1 it 'd 1 stored 1 magnified 1 self - styled 1 likelihood 1 property - tomorrow 1 screens 1 gasping 1 shudder 1 tad 1 details 1 valise 1 replaced 1 significant 1 magnitude 1 dreamily 1 gas 1 jeopardy 1 croatia 1 forms 1 sprained 1 knife 1 lodges 1 dairies 1 childhood 1 contained 1 jell - o 1 replica 1 distasteful 1 blinked 1 yanking 1 height 1 forty 1 gets 1 criminal 1 hmm 1 whatnot 1 sport 1 howled 1 salmon 1 designed 1 bundle 1 overstuffed 1 smack 1 oblivion 1 tile 1 2 1 shared 1 handled 1 subtle 1 feasts 1 defunct 1 marriage 1 overpass 1 fix 1 tenanted 1 induced 1 bond 1 card 1 opposite 1 sick 1 four 1 moss 1 lounged 1 manhattan 1 boiler 1 espresso 1 cruelty 1 listening 1 tapes 1 protracted 1 introduce 1 adopt 1 emptied 1 cotton 1 upkeep 1 journals 1 contempt 1 day - glo 1 stray 1 fairly 1 incubi 1 hermetic 1 whitewash 1 whispering 1 kaleidoscope 1 barred 1 lip 1 graceful 1 usurper 1 rational 1 breathed 1 experience 1 inquired 1 tract 1 individual 1 horses 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 coldly 1 smugly 1 apology 1 beast 1 lane 1 according 1 experiencing 1 blast 1 previously 1 annotations 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 simple 1 rockets 1 perched 1 frequented 1 options 1 furniture 1 woken 1 hatefully 1 erased 1 repository 1 hapless 1 overmuch 1 bag 1 graduate 1 routine 1 colonial 1 panting 1 aura 1 worn 1 tribes 1 icebox 1 phobia 1 dream 1 assured 1 clutch 1 bare - breasted 1 armoire 1 pitted 1 matched 1 scythe 1 frantically 1 expected 1 succubae 1 husk 1 leading 1 shoot 1 upward 1 indication 1 cockrum 's 1 yesterday 1 ambience 1 fizzed 1 womenfolk- 1 rape 1 regrets 1 headstones 1 shading 1 defiant 1 interior 1 sorbet 1 13 1 silent 1 cliff 1 harsh 1 smattering 1 sorrow 1 roots 1 porters 1 action 1 tangled 1 somewhere 1 corruption 1 shine 1 loath 1 arch 1 woke 1 well - beaten 1 brightly 1 fat 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 dresser 1 exultant 1 tested 1 revived 1 basin 1 murmured 1 leaded 1 basement 1 marketing 1 wanting 1 curdled 1 lady 's 1 sunshine 1 theft 1 gravity 1 shades 1 church 1 babies ' 1 closing 1 act 1 loomed 1 planned 1 stolen 1 strands 1 silhouette 1 15 1 enrolled 1 dale 1 supreme 1 self - loathing 1 nip 1 hoodoo 1 tainted 1 appears 1 gasps 1 taller 1 aversion 1 wrong 1 tightened 1 terrible 1 pulsed 1 stand 1 stack 1 pushed 1 spotted 1 addition 1 sisters 1 mutter 1 fist 1 legion 1 laborers 1 misdeeds 1 addressed 1 accommodate 1 kabala 1 bookending 1 eroticism 1 clutched 1 sperm 1 german 1 seized 1 beginning 1 gardeners 1 1940s 1 investment 1 saw - the 1 sightsee 1 rank 1 highly 1 unvarnished 1 instinct 1 dare 1 yawning 1 gate 1 seeded 1 ripped 1 shuttered 1 doozies 1 genial 1 ropes 1 beside 1 thorns 1 cigarettes 1 match 1 faintly 1 twilight 1 injury 1 proposition 1 damned 1 southern 1 purse 1 buzzed 1 arrogance 1 wow 1 california 1 undid 1 callous 1 riding 1 genitals 1 rabbits 1 ages 1 bloody 1 warmed 1 squalling 1 proper 1 obscenity 1 sends 1 perfunctory 1 variety 1 wedding 1 yearly 1 blunders 1 fires 1 mistake 1 man 's 1 surface 1 pamphlet 1 lean 1 blow 1 faster 1 penguin 1 brutishly 1 brightening 1 escaped 1 models 1 gulf 1 articles 1 gore 1 1860s 1 overdeveloped 1 turtleneck 1 obsessive 1 regimen 1 threaten 1 archeologist 1 cart 1 brandished 1 seldom 1 towering 1 scatter 1 endeavored 1 ridiculous 1 picked 1 daylong 1 anthropology 1 bob 1 animal 1 formed 1 normal 1 dirty 1 circles 1 trace 1 frail 1 wise 1 suggested 1 extra 1 touched 1 associates 1 chill 1 meow 1 rattle 1 writhing 1 deco 1 venerable 1 maids 1 east 1 alcohol 1 styled 1 paper - thin 1 yards 1 wandered 1 contemptible 1 roar 1 shaken 1 expansive 1 wisconsin 1 barn 1 monetary 1 spooky 1 dear 1 rotting 1 trespasser 1 wound 1 placation 1 horrific 1 fairy 1 proud 1 members 1 sensation 1 qualifies 1 transcended 1 law 1 containing 1 lived 1 karate 1 protective 1 songbird 1 turn 1 fetch 1 agony 1 split 1 perish 1 chicken 1 canopy 1 pell - mell 1 backside 1 seducer 1 introduced 1 brat 1 buddhism 1 framed 1 lutheran 1 kerosene 1 feasted 1 boredom 1 dampened 1 shame 1 nail 1 thoughts 1 examine 1 remnants 1 resentment 1 periodically 1 severity 1 transcendentalist 1 mugged 1 liturgy 1 answer 1 contrast 1 contrived 1 oil 1 washcloth 1 everybody 1 withdrawn 1 bolster 1 under - standing 1 inches 1 onyx 1 contents 1 facto 1 taffeta 1 fucking 1 dusty 1 blurted 1 vine 1 deepened 1 depressed 1 preserved 1 determined 1 bartender 1 surge 1 candies 1 dreck 1 moments 1 caged 1 conceived 1 union 1 lattes 1 aside 1 goes 1 collection 1 conspirators 1 yep 1 decent 1 tales 1 hotels 1 ease 1 bling 1 rained 1 confines 1 wickedness 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 sense 1 forgotten 1 softness 1 gazed 1 rescuing 1 physically 1 dropping 1 manners 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 predominately 1 magnolia 1 bulk 1 reverend 1 torsos 1 plebeians 1 slurring 1 respective 1 pride 1 manse 1 unnerving 1 fits 1 hopping 1 types 1 falwell 1 bones 1 abroad 1 rested 1 woodruff 's 1 scarcely 1 parlors 1 independence 1 deserving 1 appealed 1 freighted 1 9 1 specialists 1 lunacy 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 walled 1 publishers 1 measure 1 chestnut 1 botched 1 manuscripts 1 expect 1 brightened 1 central 1 wracked 1 symbol 1 squirrel 1 picturesque 1 anointed 1 traditional 1 careful 1 follow 1 morbidly 1 sooty 1 11 1 reads 1 rest 1 cherry 1 strength 1 spears - this 1 suspected 1 generations 1 sticky 1 impress 1 streamed 1 cannibalism - all 1 tracing 1 indulge 1 crunched 1 tense 1 shrines 1 pretended 1 aware 1 ha - ha 1 transcends 1 methodology 1 driver 1 sliding 1 wishes 1 bumpy 1 order 1 fertile 1 forbidding 1 sixty 1 founders - a 1 hollow 1 denying 1 they 're 1 ignored 1 poachers 1 rationality 1 hum 1 livestock 1 old - fashioned 1 whose 1 decomposing 1 chuckles 1 sophomoric 1 heart 1 hereditary 1 depicting 1 restaurants 1 water 1 wee 1 mom 's 1 hind 1 permitted 1 india 1 landmarks 1 opportunity 1 struggled 1 roamed 1 offhand 1 overpasses 1 lime 1 eggs 1 benny 1 shiner 1 departure 1 scheme 1 ghastly 1 acquaintance 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 wave 1 primatologist 1 leg 1 strangest 1 creek 1 plans 1 takes 1 roosters 1 agency 1 spooned 1 lobby 1 woodblock 1 comfort 1 recruited 1 tarot 1 squealed 1 stories 1 kitchen 's 1 naturally 1 unfolded 1 axle 1 shack 1 hooves 1 maid 1 whole 1 trinket 1 places - some 1 new 1 miles 1 abject 1 need n't 1 awe 1 hooks 1 wan na 1 gunning 1 unflappable 1 whether 1 forever 1 states 1 reference 1 horror 1 sidelong 1 hyena 1 skiing 1 6 1 rattled 1 homework 1 undisturbed 1 surmise 1 money - let 's 1 nubile 1 sprang 1 nose 1 inscription 1 dalliances 1 fathers 1 thanks 1 nobles 1 stuttered 1 pillow 1 count 1 finger 1 predated 1 punished 1 dumb 1 flock 1 refreshing 1 promise 1 alarmed 1 flood 1 sacred 1 screw 1 attention 1 daytrips 1 mightily 1 obscure 1 occultists 1 fields 1 preservation 1 jutted 1 dawn - style 1 motives 1 would ' ve 1 notch 1 special 1 packing 1 brambles 1 discover 1 sweated 1 melancholy 1 reality 1 changed 1 wheezing 1 carton 1 bars 1 excited 1 encroaching 1 tom 1 close 1 bucks 1 exceptionally 1 implacable 1 flask 1 but - the 1 boat 1 plaster 1 awful 1 panic 1 acolytes 1 hidden 1 eight 1 accompanied 1 assay 1 why 'd 1 sloping 1 double 1 italy 1 session 1 hoped 1 hedonistic 1 sum 1 taverns 1 soot 1 shots 1 thaumaturgy 1 x 's 1 greek 1 mythology 1 madness 1 hardly 1 welcome 1 minimum 1 relationship 1 brief 1 extensive 1 velvet 1 meets 1 eager 1 nausea 1 pricking 1 estimated 1 kid 1 community - no 1 lamplight 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 antiques 1 seclusion 1 vigils 1 institution 1 island 1 caressed 1 curious 1 we ' ve 1 kyoto 1 spokes 1 ceiling 1 haymaker 1 nursery 1 wooded 1 muscles 1 polishing 1 photos 1 weekend 1 kookiness 1 passenger 1 worst 1 twinkling 1 parked 1 hometown 1 panpipes 1 sipping 1 bustled 1 loins 1 imagined 1 3 1 boring 1 venture 1 fierceness 1 eroded 1 glimpse 1 abbreviated 1 fetishists 1 groans 1 diminished 1 panes 1 badger 1 accompanies 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 diverged 1 luckily 1 bargain 1 foul 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 tonight 1 transmitted 1 wheeled 1 huddled 1 vindictive 1 tuffenup 1 dusted 1 hem 1 kicks 1 smoothly 1 cover 1 knocked 1 winter 1 ugly 1 expensively 1 silently 1 platform 1 part 1 laboriously 1 alcoholic 1 doctor 1 renewed 1 clambering 1 rain 1 insane 1 preoccupation 1 wrist 1 fact 1 nick 1 insisted 1 hunters 1 shifted 1 bellicose 1 courthouse 1 deserve 1 foyer 1 cats 1 handlebar 1 fucked 1 14 1 mythos 1 rim 1 fists 1 soggy 1 overripe 1 involuntary 1 hooked 1 sloppy 1 lanterns 1 expertise 1 means 1 genus ' 1 garbage 1 refurbished 1 screaming 1 avoid 1 produced 1 unexpected 1 tampering 1 disheveled 1 signed 1 recall 1 dry 1 fleeting 1 stairs 1 timber 1 confused 1 sweat 1 pee 1 announcing 1 popular 1 tomb 1 exactly 1 warm 1 cinderella 's 1 hey 1 arced 1 park 1 james 1 reasonable 1 monotone 1 fucked - and 1 semi - articulate 1 miniature 1 strong 1 eighty 1 balanced 1 forests 1 equipment 1 eh 1 dress 1 stuffed 1 disquieted 1 bible 1 seven 1 paths 1 pop 's 1 pasture 1 blurry 1 sidewalks 1 fulfilled 1 truffles 1 till 1 figurines 1 hunting 1 strangers 1 hypnotist 1 poring 1 recovered 1 screen 1 retired 1 dominated 1 boardwalks 1 bowed 1 slick 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 ouija 1 convinced 1 animosity 1 eccentricities 1 virginal 1 impenetrable 1 sand 1 restored 1 registered 1 indifference 1 defense 1 ring 1 freshly 1 bell 1 de 1 thickets 1 squired 1 incarnate 1 shrewd 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 gossamer 1 flat 1 numerous 1 associated 1 plenty 1 pitiless 1 elbow 1 rapped 1 clogged 1 progeria 1 darling 1 sleep - drugged 1 waxed 1 caressing 1 connected 1 companions 1 superstitious 1 farmers 1 pet 1 akin 1 knuckles 1 1800s 1 outbuildings 1 witches 1 pardon 1 come 1 file 1 catholicism 1 backwards 1 sulfur 1 least 1 formula 1 zack 1 argued 1 equalization 1 amusing 1 collected 1 sun 1 bog 1 indigenous 1 toes 1 moistened 1 bough 1 ski 1 six 1 tucked 1 weapons 1 disgusted 1 quality 1 adoption 1 presided 1 splayfoot 1 conclave 1 valium 1 elongated 1 prestigious 1 heartless 1 identity 1 vacation 1 often 1 fascinating 1 fanciful 1 roaring 1 elephant 's 1 hiking 1 sermons 1 occupancy 1 overwrought 1 streetlights 1 thus 1 plum 1 similar 1 lately 1 conjecture 1 cloth 1 bits 1 treading 1 consecutive 1 deserted 1 bright 1 1995 1 nails 1 oral 1 cuffs 1 holdings 1 pentagrams 1 quainter 1 push 1 custodial 1 washed 1 melvin 1 seduced 1 seen - larger 1 frightened 1 whiskey 1 intended 1 handing 1 hit 1 20s 1 revolving 1 populated 1 wackos - usually 1 believed 1 manicured 1 merely 1 company 1 life - aspirations 1 factory 1 jaundiced 1 cheeks 1 coy 1 embryonic 1 license 1 industry 1 scrim 1 requisite 1 hubby 's 1 explanation 1 sorcerer 1 allow 1 passing 1 tracks 1 damnation 1 7 1 odor 1 clattered 1 millstone 1 slept 1 tasteless 1 movies 1 president 1 bureaus 1 tipsy 1 psycho 1 younger 1 shingles 1 doubled 1 summon 1 trespass 1 indulged 1 antlers 1 liked 1 charred 1 robes 1 torrentially 1 somehow 1 cat 1 flowered 1 guilty 1 eaten 1 gon na 1 good - sonny 's 1 fragile 1 spot 1 clutches 1 dreamlike 1 spread 1 ahead 1 financial 1 will- 1 ass 1 blacktop 1 dribbled 1 relegated 1 given 1 regarded 1 smelled 1 blaze 1 ding 1 browsing 1 mistress 1 towered 1 habit 1 broke 1 occupation 1 chain 1 ruddy 1 cancel 1 designating 1 lump 1 precognition 1 cautious 1 lists 1 solve 1 dump 1 wives 1 brush 1 focus 1 snifter 1 witching 1 inside 1 begin 1 ability 1 feed 1 improve 1 lingered 1 space 1 testament 1 to - day 1 strings 1 sessions 1 recriminations 1 book 1 parts 1 nap 1 him - his 1 peeping 1 truth 1 judgment 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 devout 1 kafka 1 pun 1 outbursts 1 pore 1 peculiar 1 1950s 1 slid 1 savage 1 undress 1 cryptic 1 positive 1 fake 1 lucifer 's 1 cluttered 1 attendants 1 unholy 1 walks 1 flinched 1 nipped 1 levels 1 embittered 1 career 1 infant 1 intermediaries 1 leng- 1 ordered 1 airport 1 rapidly 1 plausible 1 chestnuts 1 disregard 1 dose 1 ballooning 1 stowed 1 display 1 moan 1 ditch 1 collar 1 lawns 1 hopes 1 burrowed 1 detroit 1 rowboat 1 eyelids 1 hinted 1 bronze 1 shift 1 brave 1 buttons 1 hibernate 1 adequate 1 healthy 1 corrupt 1 suitcases 1 pregnant 1 colors 1 fantasized 1 older 1 public 1 mood 1 kidding 1 import 1 tilled 1 eastern 1 brooding 1 death's - head 1 twine 1 essentially 1 asshole 1 taking 1 oddly 1 talks 1 come - hither 1 dessert 1 stroll 1 hay 1 leaky 1 problems 1 minis - ter 1 religiously 1 kidnapping 1 william 1 dating 1 lowered 1 dangling 1 suppose 1 sounded 1 funny 1 apologized 1 specific 1 pursued 1 frothing 1 checking 1 design 1 sections 1 illness 1 internal 1 dreamer 's 1 demons 1 interests 1 morsel 1 worried 1 illustrations 1 single 1 observe 1 billiard 1 maneuver 1 hand - katherine 1 pegged 1 withdrew 1 picket 1 machen 1 darkly 1 off - campus - friends 1 numbly 1 compact 1 paintings 1 shattered 1 kids 1 ranches 1 swung 1 vcr 1 dunno 1 worthy 1 gun 1 dire 1 petals- 1 admitted 1 hurt 1 friendly 1 quit 1 backward 1 creak 1 crackling 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 monument 1 paled 1 reclined 1 gamble 1 eclipsed 1 pretending 1 warehouses 1 clearly 1 scheduled 1 deformed 1 lanes 1 vein 1 originated 1 corroded 1 tone 1 bagging 1 mussed 1 county 1 spikes 1 commanded 1 stir 1 founding 1 elicited 1 limited 1 rented 1 rawhide 1 absentminded 1 warn 1 powerful 1 alive 1 hinn 1 hoop 1 detectives 1 roommate 1 gentry 1 cared 1 toe 1 metropolitan 1 led 1 malachite 1 potted 1 jokingly 1 covers 1 oversaw 1 dated 1 tavern 1 depiction 1 curve 1 somewhat 1 flushed 1 dressed 1 bleak 1 muttering 1 starlight 1 inscrutable 1 landlords 1 broken 1 underlining 1 hassles 1 stocked 1 blot 1 quarter - mile 1 ye 1 descent 1 laid 1 store 1 seeping 1 silhouetted 1 weird 1 acted 1 fluttering 1 innocently 1 doctors 1 patina 1 burroughs 1 exchanged 1 so - called 1 clad 1 potential 1 native 1 shaggy 1 dollars 1 travel 1 lattice 1 prefer 1 altogether 1 awnings 1 forested 1 attended 1 bored 1 decade 1 powerless 1 level 1 convince 1 10 1 faith 1 solomon 1 shoulder 1 garden 1 smaller 1 pioneer 1 robbed 1 scalp 1 apathy 1 youngest 1 recalled 1 strange 1 repel 1 blew 1 insolent 1 academia 1 borrowed 1 applause 1 aloneness 1 tendon 1 unpleasantly 1 approaching 1 spring 1 struggle 1 intersection 1 veer 1 bluffs 1 wife 1 slits 1 meant 1 squirmed 1 spin 1 oblique 1 cocktail 1 tragedy 1 r 1 moldering 1 world 1 plunged 1 hospital 1 hillsides 1 coarseness 1 moldy 1 thunderous 1 skirt 1 oils 1 coffeehouse 1 murder 1 philco 1 scholarly 1 hearth 1 trade 1 absorbed 1 richly 1 surrogacy 1 guy 1 greetings 1 longer 1 sported 1 traveled 1 wince 1 incredulous 1 wheeze 1 sycamore 1 exaggerated 1 leered 1 gaze 1 rifle 1 classics 1 hint 1 gold - black 1 smooth 1 practiced 1 entwined 1 equilibrium 1 baggage 1 scare 1 mated 1 hits 1 woman 's 1 blonde 1 boards - the 1 press 1 priest 1 sacrificial 1 accuse 1 etched 1 inconsolable 1 gagged 1 chief 1 responsible 1 infer 1 functioning 1 ground 1 mill 1 automatic 1 clammed 1 tracked 1 dismissed 1 remote 1 possibly 1 congregation 1 walls 1 delicately 1 must ' ve 1 billiards 1 flavor 1 close - ups 1 nightcaps 1 may 1 stark 1 50s 1 drying 1 explore 1 enforcement 1 different 1 hags 1 fashion 1 dusters 1 genuflection 1 depression 1 gouts 1 gravel 1 nurses 1 attached 1 trained 1 bridges 1 instinctively 1 pleasure 1 afterward 1 stunt 1 sympathetic 1 clerkish 1 fiendish 1 accept 1 geomancy 1 candle 1 moonlight 1 served 1 roughened 1 anywhere 1 irish 1 darkened 1 child 's 1 is- 1 wryly 1 useless 1 bravery 1 sheesh 1 queasiness 1 lighting 1 curling 1 fattening 1 rearing 1 mounted 1 happily 1 sign 1 base 1 impulse 1 change 1 babe 1 broiled 1 width 1 knock 1 number 1 scribbled 1 pacing 1 goldmine 1 wooden - paneled 1 nonprofit 1 surely 1 cheese 1 rocked 1 nub 1 clandestine 1 flickering 1 thirty 1 realize 1 clicked 1 organization 1 overfull 1 enlarged 1 crimson 1 glowed 1 brandy 1 associate 1 consisted 1 concurrence 1 peyote 1 sold 1 lurked 1 insinuating 1 deepening 1 quentin 1 travels 1 step 1 vault 1 haunches 1 milked 1 caustic 1 lazily 1 brushed 1 charged 1 forthcoming 1 communications 1 olden 1 presume 1 wing 1 having 1 tradition 1 aloud 1 sockets 1 king 1 familiar 1 vantage 1 damning 1 roughly 1 discoloration 1 tapestries 1 veritable 1 capacity 1 cried 1 compellingly 1 retreated 1 cribbage 1 limn 1 neglected 1 oversexed 1 pressure 1 forehead 1 researched 1 actresses 1 carried 1 manifold 1 preoccupied 1 booster 1 mccoys 1 pinned 1 discreet 1 flow 1 makes 1 proclaim 1 sound 1 prodigious 1 bled 1 chimes 1 courageous 1 salem 1 shaking 1 pull 1 flatworm 1 stranger 1 folded 1 dread 1 sinister 1 fly - there 1 found 1 johansen 1 coat 1 color 1 gaunt 1 lungs 1 complimentary 1 watered 1 albeit 1 documented 1 shui 1 chafed 1 vibrated 1 sort 1 grainy 1 florid 1 gears 1 statuary 1 assume 1 lull 1 playboy 1 diagrams 1 belongings 1 former 1 attracting 1 vice 1 receive 1 tension 1 glow 1 behavioral 1 throbbed 1 circus 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 fear 1 palpable 1 black- 1 ha 1 sack 1 lending 1 potboilers 1 cut 1 stoic 1 gemstones 1 lent 1 festering 1 broach 1 dozed 1 fronted 1 tarnished 1 clasped 1 easy 1 cougar 1 incomprehensible 1 bleated 1 allergies 1 broom 1 held 1 rise 1 clear 1 projects 1 headlights 1 sacrifice 1 mathers 1 tits 1 foot - the 1 fierce 1 chimneys 1 ruined 1 join 1 hanged 1 trophies 1 dial 1 authentic 1 unspeakable 1 state 's 1 shutting 1 tiers 1 terrain 1 rural 1 rolling 1 collector 1 unnamed 1 coolness 1 contagious 1 try 1 vessel 1 reliever 1 lose 1 circumstances 1 pain 1 royalty 1 weirder 1 cave 1 tombs 1 pause 1 thorny 1 evelyn 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 introducing 1 surrounding 1 patio 1 killed 1 crone 1 cheer 1 shape 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 bracketed 1 seagoing 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 cock - roaches 1 poetry 1 incantation 1 guess 1 script 1 instances 1 snuffing 1 yard 1 overgrown 1 preening 1 atm 1 mutilation 1 present 1 catch 1 dryly 1 guzzler 1 forth 1 fog 1 ape 1 decades 1 apparition 1 heavy 1 glared 1 decaying 1 retrospect 1 16 1 peace 1 randy 1 deer 1 edification 1 knowingness 1 drove 1 joined 1 unspoken 1 mantle 1 dealt 1 ate 1 cupped 1 sketchy 1 round 1 kitchenette 1 programming 1 weather 1 christ 1 illumination 1 jerry 1 swapped 1 exorcism 1 afraid 1 dining 1 either 1 sleepers 1 shortly 1 wept 1 pained 1 throughout 1 hisownself 1 sexy 1 photographed 1 discarded 1 you 'll 1 heavier 1 snowy 1 dripping 1 legwork 1 chinese 1 appellations - wild 1 scruffy 1 internet 1 eyed 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 80s 1 violently 1 accustomed 1 scientific 1 candlelight 1 avarice 1 keychain 1 angry 1 midnight 1 wily 1 primate 1 nobility 1 mandrake 1 ejaculate 1 cell 1 quiet 1 feng 1 five 1 cry 1 utter 1 intrusion 1 bridge 1 matter - spiritual 1 windmills 1 auto 1 journey 1 closer 1 largest 1 relaxation 1 junkyards 1 sickness 1 dying 1 club 1 mustache 1 reaction 1 secretary 1 anthropologist 1 visceral 1 jelly 1 fertility 1 post - college 1 convincing 1 grunted 1 reason 1 snarled 1 rides 1 buddy 1 recordings 1 daytrip 1 apart 1 act - the 1 breadcrumbs 1 plainclothes 1 stage 1 guttering 1 chortled 1 baths 1 section 1 cuts 1 smallest 1 fullest 1 appointed 1 renaissance 1 heyday 1 dinner - she 1 lightning 1 sunset 1 cripes - is 1 topped 1 lust 1 half - timber 1 souvenirs 1 boom 1 supplication 1 pottery 1 lactate 1 eats 1 unequivocal 1 strapping 1 publish 1 lapsed 1 side 1 meter 1 spines 1 medieval 1 slash 1 keeps 1 winked 1 saliva 1 reckless 1 epidural 1 drapes 1 oooh 1 frown 1 boars 1 critter 1 strategies 1 unhappiness 1 reciting 1 muffled 1 revelation 1 chainsaw 1 liar 1 desperate 1 bloom 1 affair 1 blacked 1 permanence 1 intrusions 1 completely 1 penitent 1 lines 1 homes 1 short 1 deluded 1 gold 1 pseudo 1 sniffed 1 sealed 1 expediency 1 loneliness 1 despite 1 genuine 1 placebo - was 1 shallow 1 paid 1 chance 1 indeedy 1 half - assed 1 le 1 erm 1 dinners 1 reddened 1 temperature 1 minutes 1 spirit 1 wreckage 1 puppies 1 disarmed 1 sleeping 1 snore 1 porch 1 confidence 1 box 1 guilt 1 vertigo 1 shiny 1 pan 1 extending 1 greatcoats 1 forces 1 mythological 1 alien 1 voodoo 1 pheasants 1 distant 1 beckoning 1 bruno 1 effigy 1 eighteen 1 flautist 1 late - night 1 require 1 sides 1 false 1 lessons 1 lank 1 shutters 1 facility 1 inferior 1 rusting 1 periodic 1 essential 1 march 1 rattling 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 borrowing 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 star 1 christmas 1 personnel 1 clouds 1 pointed 1 huh 1 stages 1 fool 1 double - paned 1 jerked 1 volumes 1 ponytail 1 languages 1 coeds 1 softened 1 cock - ring 1 euphoric 1 chin 1 crisscrossed 1 established 1 armor 1 rattles 1 overlooking 1 granted 1 margaret 1 via 1 rear 1 textile 1 flagellant 1 stick 1 syndrome 1 hedgerows 1 needles 1 mark 1 leaped 1 syllables 1 dour 1 yoked 1 wicker 1 brown 1 loss 1 blank - eyed 1 magic 1 baccarat 1 blackness 1 halo 1 folk 1 excursions 1 issued 1 lode 1 nearby 1 taste 1 survivor 1 drop 1 floorboards 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 upset 1 bestial 1 quasi - lesbian 1 bruise 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 moved 1 revolved 1 dismisses 1 grimoires 1 become - a 1 fountain 1 spasm 1 thirteenth 1 reynoldses ' 1 amidst 1 slipper 1 sudden 1 dormancy 1 doldrums 1 courses 1 apartment 1 athletes 1 it 'll 1 deed 1 feared 1 gives 1 entrance 1 suggestive 1 tableaux 1 cycled 1 checked 1 privilege 1 team 1 lyle 1 issues 1 priests 1 kindling 1 drawers 1 comprised 1 appearance 1 blight 1 slabbed 1 bastard 1 huntsman 1 picture 1 moods 1 consumed 1 play 1 chopping 1 4 1 freak 1 endowment 1 rye 1 structure 1 potato 1 niceties 1 annoy 916 .
proboscis - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 proboscis 544 the 320 a 281 and 217 i 192 of 160 to 156 was 129 in 108 my 77 on 74 with 71 it 68 me 60 he 56 for 53 that 46 you 44 his 41 were 41 from 39 as 39 had 39 at 34 said 33 an 30 what 29 cruz 29 her 28 by 28 they 26 or 26 if 26 hart 23 she 23 this 23 like 22 one 22 did n't 21 but 21 been 20 was n't 20 into 19 up 19 too 19 over 18 some 18 about 16 no 16 we 16 back 16 be 16 there 16 when 16 through 15 got 15 all 15 out 14 even 14 mounds 14 its 14 him 14 know 14 down 13 right 13 where 13 car 12 did 12 more 12 so 12 are 12 i 'd 12 do 12 not 11 something 11 way 11 our 11 george 11 how 11 their 11 time 11 piers 11 face 11 while 10 i ' m 10 after 10 man 10 them 10 hand 10 door 9 rob 9 would 9 who 9 just 9 much 9 only 9 yeah 9 road 9 off 9 couple 9 then 9 here 9 could n't 9 see 8 going 8 behind 8 he 'd 8 cruz 's 8 mima 8 girl 8 maybe 8 light 8 because 8 across 8 side 8 around 7 say 7 ai n't 7 do n't 7 went 7 penny 7 heard 7 almost 7 kids 7 okay 7 wanted 7 now 7 chevy 7 few 7 call 7 eyes 7 had n't 7 took 7 still 7 thought 7 looked 7 asked 7 guy 7 which 7 shirt 7 enough 7 us 7 along 6 carly 6 real 6 get 6 they 'd 6 than 6 your 6 other 6 hung 6 well 6 world 6 made 6 turned 6 lot 6 began 6 bit 6 hell 6 nothing 6 home 6 rock 6 long 6 let 6 sylvia 6 shoulder 6 tried 5 ran 5 hear 5 truck 5 show 5 could 5 hair 5 near 5 many 5 kept 5 radio 5 x 5 great 5 smiled 5 woman 5 came 5 hart 's 5 again 5 against 5 mind 5 another 5 row 5 windows 5 waited 5 is 5 cell 5 phone 5 we 'd 5 told 5 hours 5 valise 5 open 5 have 5 caught 5 started 5 miles 5 among 5 trees 5 six 5 yet 5 put 5 myself 5 counter 5 before 4 gone 4 frickin ' 4 ear 4 wheel 4 milk 4 tv 4 bad 4 who 'd 4 hill 4 never 4 coffee 4 cheek 4 those 4 away 4 hush 4 past 4 under 4 button 4 neck 4 piece 4 sure 4 voice 4 any 4 look 4 parking 4 there 's 4 left 4 insects 4 last 4 hit 4 make 4 trailer 4 could ' ve 4 worried 4 hard 4 sound 4 field 4 would n't 4 days 4 place 4 studied 4 front 4 police 4 everything 4 poger 4 old 4 during 4 according 4 station 4 getting 4 ray - bo 4 might 4 legs 4 thanks 4 two 4 close 4 blood 4 cars 4 sun 4 between 4 book 4 beetle 4 friend 4 called 4 window 4 night 4 victoria 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 anything 4 thing 4 high 4 picture 3 dropped 3 belonged 3 cool 3 resembled 3 people 3 really 3 rocks 3 better 3 piers ' 3 grounds 3 recognize 3 set 3 agent 3 white 3 nasty 3 russell 3 scotch 3 want 3 gas 3 talking 3 little 3 passed 3 gave 3 bug 3 brother 3 buildings 3 follow 3 chest 3 slumped 3 creek 3 someone 3 whole 3 would ' ve 3 regarding 3 parked 3 seen 3 blind 3 park 3 probably 3 less 3 decided 3 paper 3 next 3 toward 3 uh 3 big 3 middle 3 film 3 handed 3 glass 3 engine 3 inside 3 somebody 3 seemed 3 except 3 nobody 3 washington 3 broken 3 reports 3 office 3 news 3 stood 3 remember 3 comanche 3 also 3 cut 3 coming 3 broom 3 camera 3 catch 3 floated 3 dirt 3 dying 3 guys 3 clouds 3 mean 3 brain 3 perhaps 3 trying 3 shrugged 3 knew 3 nature 3 south 3 things 3 somethin ' 3 bar 3 smiling 3 line 3 olympia 3 earth 3 lunch 3 although 3 black 3 ticket 3 details 3 talk 3 dog 3 directions 3 blue 3 drive 3 happening 3 moment 3 static 3 blackberry 3 sky 3 mouth 3 we 're 3 cold 3 stared 3 seat 3 answer 3 signs 3 hands 3 bark 3 driver 3 thinking 3 wan na 3 three 3 court 3 jumped 3 skin 3 moon 3 tight 3 were n't 3 exactly 3 hey 3 loose 3 friends 3 beer 3 pocket 3 faded 3 pulled 3 tone 3 actor 3 taxi 3 canadians 3 pale 3 idea 3 slightly 3 laughed 3 tourist 3 point 3 take 3 impossible 3 finally 3 drove 3 ray 3 either 3 walked 3 tell 3 fired 3 name 3 buried 3 head 3 latest 3 she 'd 3 click - click 3 years 3 scene 2 swarm 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 america 's 2 matter 2 goddamned 2 local 2 fish 2 exec 2 breath 2 fresh 2 figured 2 serious 2 keep 2 em 2 adores 2 feeding 2 la 2 already 2 cracks 2 um 2 deal 2 waitress 2 happy 2 buford 2 smacked 2 capture 2 missed 2 polite 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 shut 2 witnessed 2 concrete 2 doing 2 go 2 universe 2 tree 2 third 2 geological 2 casting 2 edges 2 batteries 2 c'm on 2 stuff 2 haplotype 2 late 2 we 'll 2 marriage 2 portland 2 rolled 2 entire 2 hillocks 2 sea 2 delicacy 2 he 's 2 fat 2 god 2 surprised 2 wearing 2 lips 2 college 2 wrong 2 dark 2 remaining 2 german 2 fast 2 peeling 2 gate 2 kiosk 2 running 2 man 's 2 beyond 2 rickety 2 picked 2 suggested 2 kinda 2 canada 2 later 2 ucla 2 dear 2 metal 2 proboscis 2 shit 2 features 2 goes 2 notice 2 motion 2 angle 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 soon 2 theory 2 george 's 2 without 2 pictures 2 wounded 2 definitely 2 interested 2 shadows 2 wave 2 kind 2 new 2 finger 2 inspector 2 rubbed 2 bounty 2 certified 2 money 2 anyone 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 most 2 stop 2 stolid 2 rang 2 platform 2 explained 2 plates 2 ached 2 good 2 state 2 fly 2 least 2 depending 2 collapsed 2 tasted 2 skull 2 stuck 2 bus 2 everywhere 2 themselves 2 harry 2 movies 2 impression 2 wake 2 adored 2 music 2 else 2 likely 2 racing 2 course 2 paved 2 glanced 2 boys 2 university 2 loud 2 monument 2 view 2 sucked 2 forest 2 tavern 2 cab 2 none 2 followed 2 strange 2 abandoned 2 air 2 cops 2 moony 's 2 various 2 keening 2 lion 2 crying 2 norway 2 donnie 2 managed 2 proved 2 girlfriend 2 best 2 having 2 pressure 2 far 2 donkey 2 mess 2 damp 2 shot 2 pink 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 realized 2 caused 2 ruined 2 slacks 2 such 2 played 2 guess 2 falling 2 forth 2 teeth 2 closed 2 o 2 lem me 2 buddy 2 throat 2 use 2 despite 2 shiny 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 distant 2 ice 2 pointed 2 nearby 2 returned 2 root 2 grinned 2 greasy 2 bullshit 2 basque 2 imagine 2 lights 2 activity 2 lots 2 ladies 2 flesh 2 ended 2 check 2 certain 2 aldon 2 occasionally 2 clipped 2 heads 2 utterly 2 think 2 johnny 2 harvest 2 era 2 pointing 2 does 2 coop 2 wondered 2 british 2 patted 2 flutter 2 might ' ve 2 let 's 2 unless 2 mostly 2 fingers 2 frowning 2 anyway 2 adventure 2 darkness 2 stirred 2 bro ' 2 lady 2 jar 2 dented 2 pressed 2 slope 2 connection 2 whatever 2 playback 2 oh 2 feet 2 bag 2 somewhere 2 life 2 subject 2 odd 2 pushed 2 junk 2 fist 2 brand 2 yanked 2 map 2 dull 2 california 2 ago 2 observation 2 niro 2 trick 2 girls 2 unusual 2 primitive 2 hood 2 own 2 associates 2 run 2 frame 2 built 2 bones 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 several 2 black - and - white 2 unhappy 2 answering 2 border 2 america 2 slowed 2 bastards 2 latin 2 professor 2 silence 2 goin ' 2 block 2 shots 2 considered 2 photos 2 direction 2 will 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 usually 2 blinking 2 nice 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 percent 2 stars 2 partition 2 stuffed 2 fifteen 2 de 2 tired 2 assassin 2 columbia 2 weeks 2 civil 2 deep 2 ya 2 felt 2 same 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 ass 2 official 2 asian 2 rostrum 2 though 2 secret 2 am 2 pattern 2 eastern 2 cameras 2 path 2 since 2 ever 2 dunno 2 that 'd 2 wooden 2 himself 2 lost 2 always 2 watched 2 dude 2 species 2 crash 2 ready 2 tiny 2 legal 2 vehicle 2 garden 2 says 2 wasted 2 corner 2 broad 2 muddy 2 evergreen 2 used 2 story 2 press 2 sneak 2 ground 2 beneath 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 haplogroup 2 fashion 2 festival 2 scratched 2 posted 2 sign 2 instead 2 ask 2 low 2 cigarette 2 fell 2 read 2 patio 2 paint 2 wore 2 photographs 2 these 2 heavy 2 greyhound 2 five 2 glance 2 street 2 modern 2 completely 2 bees 2 looking 2 simply 2 ride 2 stump 2 huh 2 works 2 stomach 2 bought 2 times 2 scientists 2 pair 2 team 2 saw 1 nape 1 descended 1 issue 1 bonkers 1 diagonal 1 strained 1 farms 1 dubbed 1 hash 1 gray 1 experts 1 medicine 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 satanic 1 threshold 1 corn 1 airplane 1 inarguable 1 expressions 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 geiger 1 curves 1 axles 1 tromp 1 favor 1 miracle 1 bench 1 arc 1 primo 1 superstar 1 injected 1 sheets 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 booth 1 uh - huh 1 terminals 1 giving 1 noting 1 tasers 1 polo 1 tables 1 whoa 1 owned 1 wo n't 1 trouble 1 source 1 bowled 1 risking 1 penalty 1 environs 1 hacked 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hairs 1 jounced 1 drill 1 thumping 1 abiding 1 eligible 1 parade 1 daydreams 1 cooked 1 danced 1 honorary 1 p 1 los 1 begging 1 drunk 1 stone 1 swath 1 unwashed 1 panel 1 breeding 1 mutilations 1 differently 1 mediterranean 1 saying 1 fumes 1 dripped 1 castrati 1 fold 1 laxative 1 esophagus 1 position 1 subprocessor 1 holding 1 bragging 1 americans 1 table 1 green 1 listings 1 yellow 1 crammed 1 sylvie 1 midlife 1 bounded 1 vast 1 spat 1 two - lane 1 anti - democrat 1 motherland 1 country 1 torch 1 job 1 streak 1 expression 1 pro - gun 1 organic 1 saint 1 speculate 1 narrowed 1 lineage 1 one - star 1 research 1 burial 1 tee - shirts 1 bring 1 that 's 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 lid 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 locations 1 spied 1 relived 1 erratically 1 beetle 's 1 alcove 1 debacle 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 regular 1 pass 1 squinted 1 eating 1 creation 1 dinero 1 gregorian 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 anxious 1 underage 1 funk 1 passengers 1 object 1 sticks 1 existence 1 argyle 1 slavic 1 mumble 1 rhythmic 1 tumbled 1 tell'ya 1 dish 1 dense 1 boy 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 planning 1 dogshit 1 haunted 1 academic 1 radio - controlled 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 hot 1 reagan 's 1 self 1 frightful 1 belong 1 dad 1 character 1 smear 1 grateful 1 foreign 1 rather 1 hand - cam 1 whitewashed 1 plain 1 scrawny 1 bleeding 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 volume 1 distorted 1 van 1 warbles 1 pinwheeled 1 marijuana 1 bottles 1 key 1 fried 1 foot 1 rob 's 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 gargoyle 1 monks 1 die 1 knife 1 becoming 1 cook 1 iceberg 1 construction 1 brake 1 sorcery 1 natural 1 2 1 humming 1 card 1 nope 1 creepers 1 grey 1 mom - and - pop 1 cotton 1 staggered 1 stray 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 prisoner 1 coed 1 psychos 1 hungry 1 spoiling 1 mucho 1 lane 1 brochure 1 astronauts 1 intervening 1 inherit 1 season 1 grille 1 mercifully 1 blame 1 featured 1 listened 1 erased 1 reared 1 glint 1 tie 1 bullet - raddled 1 melted 1 coils 1 depot 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 jobs 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 calculate 1 shoot 1 silent 1 genes 1 frustrated 1 trapped 1 action 1 starred 1 brightly 1 long - overdue 1 scripts 1 bumper 1 bare 1 disconnected 1 flashes 1 incipient 1 braked 1 turning 1 planned 1 scrum 1 coax 1 waffle 1 amok 1 alpha - alpha 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 chanting 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 molded 1 thrown 1 entomologist 1 dusk 1 crap 1 astonished 1 succumbed 1 hock 1 spilled 1 cadillac 1 dare 1 match 1 dewdrop 1 knowledgeable 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 damned 1 wow 1 riding 1 angular 1 series 1 dilapidated 1 vintage 1 nervous 1 canucks 1 alone 1 marathons 1 retribution 1 j 1 gulf 1 mailboxes 1 questions 1 splashed 1 unsteady 1 farce 1 munching 1 wonders 1 slew 1 cough 1 parole 1 illusions 1 brick 1 dirty 1 broached 1 fortune 1 clearing 1 writhing 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 possible 1 thingy 1 diner 1 feedback 1 fluids 1 hunky - dory 1 poured 1 bud 1 penis 1 turn 1 iron 1 monologue 1 roiled 1 agricultural 1 letters 1 convicted 1 dumbly 1 irons 1 lacked 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 appealing 1 bickering 1 rocker 1 moments 1 grandfather 's 1 crouched 1 nerve 1 shag 1 decrepit 1 accepted 1 mudslides 1 waistband 1 jump 1 end 1 pagan 1 urged 1 reach 1 purely 1 rust - red 1 europeans 1 discern 1 violence 1 butt 1 envelope 1 admonishment 1 counters 1 technology 1 reassure 1 endless 1 suspected 1 unwholesome 1 ankle 1 image 1 shrines 1 chambray 1 chair 1 squeals 1 footage 1 order 1 bravado 1 arrow 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 data 1 highway 1 gust 1 camouflage 1 etiquette 1 glovebox 1 whistled 1 gleamed 1 draining 1 stylish 1 doctored 1 lancelot 1 d 1 hitchhikers 1 challenged 1 teenage 1 beady 1 eggs 1 rhino 1 screwing 1 repeat 1 eternal 1 yo 1 indigestion 1 birthday 1 disappointed 1 smoke 1 npr 1 collectively 1 child 1 crummy 1 comfort 1 jolted 1 onto 1 returning 1 steep 1 time 's 1 burst 1 phones 1 jersey 1 cooled 1 flung 1 reviewed 1 mum 1 pal 1 sugar 1 boots 1 spaces 1 snort 1 nose 1 corpse - slack 1 sloe - eyed 1 tripped 1 vertebrae 1 mulled 1 expensive 1 boondocks 1 illuminated 1 scuttle 1 leisurely 1 rasp 1 grit 1 snuff 1 spattered 1 lying 1 cutting 1 absurd 1 diorama 1 calls 1 firewood 1 fields 1 geology 1 profile 1 shiver 1 special 1 convoluted 1 brambles 1 kidnaper 1 voices 1 prettier 1 loudly 1 busted 1 admirers 1 leaning 1 changed 1 father 1 crept 1 shed 1 accidentally 1 audience 1 thresholds 1 flailing 1 handles 1 humpbacked 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 corrugated 1 forward 1 hoped 1 beat 1 tempted 1 compared 1 nuts 1 swirled 1 welcome 1 detour 1 marks 1 ten 1 insides 1 sake 1 stools 1 method 1 choir 1 regulars 1 prey 1 flip - flops 1 island 1 blob 1 fence 1 report 1 authorities 1 fuzzy 1 utopian 1 b - movie 1 passenger 1 sipping 1 desert 1 orchids 1 migration 1 3 1 information 1 plane 's 1 lemmesee 1 hat 1 hare 1 delivered 1 mountains 1 scads 1 dappled 1 roster 1 quietly 1 ugly 1 fatter 1 part 1 gal 1 fact 1 hola 1 piss - stained 1 ungainly 1 knows 1 brutes 1 fists 1 basket 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 dribble 1 garbage 1 robot 1 flags 1 expos 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 recall 1 patches 1 crush 1 commercials 1 disturb 1 coffin 1 festooned 1 clunk 1 mother 's 1 welted 1 pasture 1 uninhabited 1 west 1 traced 1 marking 1 sparkled 1 screen 1 cleared 1 convinced 1 blackballed 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 ranks 1 thickets 1 tobacco 1 enthusiastically 1 maze 1 joke 1 exclamation 1 filmmaker 1 purring 1 attitude 1 shortcuts 1 pen 1 criminals 1 extravaganza 1 feast 1 receiver 1 tall 1 fixed 1 accent 1 sloughing 1 textbook 1 received 1 fanciful 1 hi 1 sunrise 1 agrarian 1 proctors 1 cuffs 1 portraits 1 time ' 1 pickups 1 fluorescent 1 tricky 1 seein ' 1 science 1 crowd 1 cheeks 1 m 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 palm 1 robust 1 worry 1 scraped 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 shimmering 1 younger 1 mob 1 applied 1 fabric 1 eat 1 liked 1 looped 1 plunge 1 cat 1 throngs 1 liquor 1 ahead 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 instructions 1 squeezed 1 whatch 1 joining 1 certainly 1 middle - aged 1 vacuous 1 clothes 1 gourds 1 playing 1 narrowing 1 flickered 1 busy 1 dedication 1 brush 1 missing 1 suspect 1 strings 1 airspace 1 syringes 1 barely 1 smoldering 1 keen 1 peculiar 1 dissipated 1 pursed 1 political 1 phantoms 1 laughing 1 razor 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 floodlights 1 i ' ve 1 fifteen - martini 1 blooming 1 jittering 1 spell 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 disappeared 1 stamped 1 elephant 1 migrations 1 shift 1 hon 1 hardcase 1 dash 1 des 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 ant 1 chittery 1 older 1 passable 1 buzzing 1 flyers 1 hundred 1 why 1 fond 1 consider 1 freeze 1 twitching 1 zombie 1 foam 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 mitochondrial 1 funny 1 specific 1 chlorine 1 drawled 1 critters 1 american 1 toiletries 1 withdrew 1 whirred 1 neighborhood 1 stoplight 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 muttered 1 significance 1 gun 1 drone 1 hurt 1 ash 1 what 's 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 casino 1 pastels 1 masses 1 restroom 1 ex - brother - in - law 1 honking 1 vein 1 g 1 northwest 1 entered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 sweltering 1 scowl 1 powerful 1 rum 1 besides 1 sprinkled 1 actor 's 1 fractured 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 over - glossed 1 acres 1 detachment 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 culture 1 movements 1 genetic 1 have n't 1 worse 1 lone 1 wildly 1 mad 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sex 1 bulletproof 1 doused 1 headline 1 giggling 1 bob 's 1 worth 1 migraine 1 ball 1 chicano 1 gnarled 1 stacked 1 spelling 1 bikers 1 tails 1 whip 1 towards 1 fascination 1 is n't 1 mall 1 upside 1 imp 1 trolling 1 leaned 1 thirsty 1 hitcher 1 three - dee 1 sank 1 screwed 1 evils 1 r 1 fixation 1 preened 1 marker 1 straight 1 early 1 scholarly 1 baby 1 hose 1 shoulda 1 give 1 gardena 1 vendors 1 gaze 1 materializing 1 hint 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 being 1 scanned 1 troglodytes 1 possessed 1 examined 1 rebuttal 1 idled 1 sneaking 1 booths 1 cashier 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 may 1 why'nchya 1 hummocks 1 gravel 1 bridges 1 miscellaneous 1 keloid 1 nothingness 1 glances 1 relieved 1 seattle 1 ah 1 blocks 1 hesitated 1 regard 1 babe 1 jesus 1 glare 1 walk 1 battle 1 rocked 1 cowboy 1 flickering 1 clicked 1 professionals 1 exploded 1 hyenas 1 stern 1 pollen 1 clumps 1 wraparound 1 writer 1 contemplated 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 tattoos 1 loan 1 carried 1 capitol 1 petulant 1 fast - living 1 admit 1 wired 1 asphalt 1 lied 1 sweater 1 maple 1 scents 1 aboard 1 predators 1 shacking 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 seventh 1 hunkered 1 1890s 1 golden 1 ragtag 1 grainy 1 pad 1 paw 1 picnic 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 pleating 1 especially 1 standing 1 enthralled 1 rush 1 precisely 1 incomprehensible 1 razor - sharp 1 reduviidae 1 1970s 1 cash 1 glacial 1 lizard 1 windshield 1 bubble - screen 1 rigs 1 awesome 1 fierce 1 dialed 1 dispassion 1 mushroom 1 mistress ' 1 dial 1 godforsaken 1 sap 1 lagged 1 rolling 1 rubberneckin ' 1 illuminate 1 piled 1 page 1 thorny 1 obscurity 1 glowing 1 musty 1 bluegrass 1 greater 1 entomologists 1 shape 1 wasteland 1 rows 1 dangerous 1 badly 1 pall 1 edge 1 breakdown 1 ancient 1 cruised 1 overgrown 1 laundromat 1 vigorous 1 glared 1 telescopes 1 grange 1 16 1 ultraviolet 1 negatives 1 cancelled 1 elevated 1 exhibition 1 erect 1 rufus 1 christ 1 afraid 1 rancid 1 shortly 1 crewcut 1 ads 1 human 1 personality 1 twice 1 wistful 1 jewelry 1 floorboard 1 autograph 1 hills 1 bro 1 angry 1 planks 1 blighted 1 coiled 1 primate 1 tossed 1 nine 1 comeback 1 dashes 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 globe 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 filled 1 daddy 1 has 1 string 1 rustled 1 heaves 1 imitation 1 x - whatsis 1 attraction 1 animated 1 grunted 1 erupted 1 olive 1 reason 1 diner 's 1 suddenly 1 novocain - numb 1 stretched 1 politely 1 tin 1 separation 1 math 1 boom 1 unfathomable 1 strapping 1 half - rotted 1 metronome 1 flower 1 everything 's 1 cra - zee 1 shooting 1 band 1 words 1 boxy 1 alongside 1 week 1 shallow 1 until 1 charm 1 switched 1 ditchward 1 citizen 1 files 1 dogwoods 1 lamp 1 queen 1 dishwasher 1 dried 1 gouging 1 suitably 1 con 1 did'ya 1 testimonials 1 compadre 1 banks 1 drops 1 toys 1 leon 1 rare 1 grabbed 1 threatened 1 rusting 1 slapped 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 notion 1 message 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 fleshy 1 hoarse 1 socks 1 enclave 1 halo 1 nodded 1 wags 1 softly 1 out - of - state 1 lode 1 dictated 1 marketable 1 moved 1 effect 1 transmission 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 search 1 sudden 1 perspective 1 jags 1 demonstrably 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 major 1 wholly 1 primary 1 yore 1 obscured 1 above 1 help 1 play 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 not - so - mild 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 circuits 1 learned 1 million 1 digestive 1 temperate 1 obviously 1 scum 1 carly 's 1 debated 1 practical 1 seal 1 dancing 1 board 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 cumulus 1 giggle 1 chopped 1 guts 1 birds 1 presence 1 god 's 1 stupor 1 wriggled 1 setting 1 somesuch 1 shouted 1 thank 1 type 1 beak 1 situation 1 simultaneously 1 eye 1 magnesia 1 stretch 1 swam 1 whatchyacallem 1 video 1 top 1 crimp 1 mosquito 1 meeting 1 bunch 1 directly 1 prayer 1 alaska 1 ass - end 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 rundown 1 unhinged 1 nests 1 government 1 camouflage - green 1 kliegs 1 reverse 1 bobbing 1 celebrity 1 killing 1 ajar 1 promised 1 smirk 1 ex 1 sorta 1 lipizzaner 1 river 1 fine 1 gypsies 1 chick 1 vietnamese 1 boot 1 hide 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 tea 1 men 1 waiting 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 capricorn 1 666 1 descending 1 horse 1 known 1 gig 1 nuzzling 1 huntin ' 1 word 1 exuberance 1 atop 1 mug 1 ham 1 black - rimmed 1 trench 1 person 1 kingdom 1 wrinkled 1 fire - yellow 1 hated 1 kissed 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 mammals 1 clancy 1 blackjacks 1 corresponds 1 shout 1 fled 1 someone 's 1 jeans 1 biology 1 alpha 1 redwoods 1 detail 1 fries 1 giant 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 cup 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 tributaries 1 center 1 anywho 1 spiked 1 yahoos 1 mom 1 josey 1 bellying 1 threw 1 program 1 lighted 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 wharf 1 indian 1 flick 1 groovy 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 exotic 1 bib 1 bizarre 1 motley 1 taillights 1 beeped 1 bend 1 swiftly 1 misfiled 1 speaking 1 slunk 1 red 1 predatory 1 fuckall 1 development 1 mine 1 lurking 1 zen 1 bye 1 wrapped 1 nicely 1 payday 1 ants 1 horatio 1 swell 1 tourists 1 5 1 jillion 1 fuckin ' 1 outboard 1 flowers 1 pants 1 chilled 1 buses 1 below 1 vans 1 frozen 1 shaped 1 deeper 1 mystery 1 amplified 1 regaling 1 drink 1 sky - high 1 gorillas 1 pumps 1 runaway 1 whispered 1 punched 1 i-5 1 cows 1 squawking 1 comment 1 symbols 1 judging 1 60s 1 posture 1 kudzu 1 whined 1 steel 1 suits 1 vibe 1 beat - to - hell 1 dots 1 mannequin 1 doughy 1 mobile 1 neutral 1 freakin ' 1 height 1 who 's 1 splash 1 shoved 1 beechnut 1 post 1 tile 1 shared 1 paused 1 opposite 1 miami 1 pack 1 repetitious 1 hittin ' 1 accelerated 1 war 1 rig 1 climbed 1 lip 1 ravage 1 floppy 1 sales 1 flatbeds 1 rational 1 hi - fi 1 beast 1 weak 1 ronald 1 wild - eyed 1 blazing 1 wide - brimmed 1 grass 1 experiencing 1 contributing 1 sour 1 cycle 1 options 1 predicted 1 replied 1 helping 1 hapless 1 filter 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 hydrochloric 1 speck 1 recording 1 loitering 1 siphon 1 emotional 1 southbound 1 spaniard 1 radiation 1 distaste 1 bubbling 1 pick 1 plastered 1 reminded 1 exits 1 drained 1 receiving 1 paroxysms 1 polyester 1 date 1 buy 1 implication 1 raid 1 satanists 1 vague 1 edited 1 soldier 1 shades 1 gawd 1 crusty 1 battery 1 loomed 1 every 1 high - pitched 1 litany 1 distances 1 national 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 shampoo 1 infractions 1 undulating 1 calling 1 cattle 1 drama 1 clicking 1 heat 1 shuddered 1 squirming 1 soil 1 measured 1 beside 1 study 1 invaded 1 brewskis 1 proposition 1 buzzed 1 visit 1 inhuman 1 case 1 milling 1 sos 1 bygone 1 seam 1 doncha 1 lolling 1 lean 1 blow 1 roles 1 articles 1 skimming 1 tickle 1 altar 1 smoked 1 cooperate 1 x - group 1 dead 1 together 1 pumping 1 stalks 1 doomsday 1 fracas 1 guessed 1 formed 1 photo 1 trace 1 earned 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 yards 1 ferret - pink 1 roar 1 cheap 1 head - on 1 an ' 1 dentist 's 1 nicked 1 poplar 1 footpath 1 wound 1 sensation 1 truly 1 poked 1 traumatic 1 allen 1 varied 1 shuffled 1 monoliths 1 papered 1 happened 1 thick 1 impact 1 antiquated 1 nail 1 random 1 calgary 1 mexico 1 molasses 1 oil 1 please 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 prohibiting 1 civilization 1 exhalations 1 taser 1 farm 1 opened 1 paperwork 1 defeat 1 collection 1 channel 1 hog 1 glazed 1 murky 1 movement 1 plug 1 large 1 removed 1 mayhem 1 relatively 1 mini - crusade 1 tricked - out 1 junctures 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 grand 1 bulk 1 separated 1 rapist 1 clenched 1 schtick 1 memories 1 credit 1 unpaved 1 applies 1 orphan 1 trembling 1 bunker 1 initial 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 fuss 1 central 1 coronas 1 meds 1 history 1 one - quarter 1 fit 1 entering 1 clank 1 swaying 1 buddies 1 operator 1 generations 1 murmuring 1 swing 1 generation 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 foggy 1 receded 1 mud - encrusted 1 kite 1 hollow 1 alders 1 farmhouses 1 paranoia 1 niagara 1 bulletins 1 nervously 1 mile 1 heart 1 water 1 hind 1 second 1 microsecond 1 mechanical 1 footsteps 1 versus 1 dazzled 1 leg 1 subdivision 1 nascar 1 canyon 1 terror 1 work 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 it 's 1 landing 1 unto 1 itched 1 images 1 shrill 1 service 1 ways 1 emerged 1 forever 1 pro 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 engulfed 1 6 1 feeling 1 inaccurate 1 stickers 1 outta 1 opportune 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 count 1 shakes 1 cardboard 1 engineers 1 screw 1 structures 1 greedy 1 mixed 1 collisions 1 sylvia 's 1 weight 1 prowler 1 stock 1 full 1 tough 1 dead - heads 1 dreamt 1 penetrating 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 aliens 1 bucks 1 recognized 1 limit 1 loves 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 y' all 1 hidden 1 however 1 extinct 1 grow 1 bird 1 calved 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 crushed 1 drowned 1 chums 1 jug 1 bounced 1 site 1 robert 1 year 1 net 1 algid 1 shadow 1 75 1 announcer 's 1 shambling 1 muscles 1 comedy 1 bush 1 shawl 1 wharf - side 1 screeching 1 motion - sickness 1 shucks 1 communiqu 1 glimpse 1 filthy 1 colombian 1 too - small 1 gramophone 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 craggy 1 breakfast 1 possession 1 private 1 listed 1 montana 1 mohicans 1 cover 1 maternal 1 developments 1 hiccupping 1 marine 1 forged 1 watchdog 1 combed 1 rain 1 hunters 1 very 1 intoned 1 winches 1 welter 1 odds 1 beefy 1 churning 1 slouched 1 eon 1 coughed 1 dry 1 became 1 carson 's 1 numbers 1 ruins 1 overhead 1 strip 1 monotone 1 smashed 1 handle 1 eh 1 equipment 1 dress 1 blurry 1 ambient 1 dedicated 1 bringing 1 lining 1 reputable 1 stopped 1 etymologist 1 zippers 1 retired 1 cold - cocked 1 typed 1 amen 1 pitch 1 waitresses 1 rusted - out 1 improbable 1 ukulele 1 pricked 1 tryin ' 1 companions 1 elementary 1 sat 1 tower 1 losing 1 sundress 1 inspiring 1 argued 1 stampede 1 cop 1 bottomless 1 approached 1 hungrily 1 remembered 1 often 1 intensity 1 wales 1 thus 1 bits 1 chirr 1 supercalifragilisticexpialidocious 1 aquarium 1 changes 1 hold 1 described 1 whiskey 1 hemp 1 indicate 1 named 1 operate 1 labor 1 prison 1 periphery 1 starry 1 great - grandma 1 hour 1 tracks 1 toddler 1 relay 1 scholarship 1 expiration 1 sent 1 occupied 1 mounds ' 1 impressive 1 profanity 1 pavilions 1 crawl 1 motor 1 coke 1 alarm 1 graduated 1 raised 1 royal 1 rejoinder 1 smelled 1 broadcast 1 nostrils 1 broke 1 protest 1 inexplicably 1 chattering 1 slot 1 feed 1 lingered 1 man 'd 1 space 1 lives 1 truth 1 hollywood 1 weeds 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 1950s 1 savage 1 poses 1 female 1 fake 1 inciting 1 heroic 1 clove 1 firearms 1 reeked 1 prehistoric 1 branch 1 fuel 1 kill 1 wisely 1 suchlike 1 haggard 1 presumably 1 squat 1 women 1 thirty - six 1 angeles 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 stale 1 furiously 1 children 1 day 1 hay 1 lulled 1 contortions 1 engineer 1 suppose 1 needle 1 hole - in - the - wall 1 garbed 1 faces 1 companies 1 costume 1 single 1 signal 1 wasps 1 drew 1 yuppie 1 copping 1 mildly 1 comprehension 1 plexiglass 1 television 1 contrary 1 signature 1 shoes 1 dna 1 knocking 1 admitted 1 redneck 1 darted 1 intact 1 appeared 1 backward 1 ding - dong 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 lookin ' 1 propped 1 displeasure 1 bleach 1 lethargic 1 glad 1 vengeance 1 reno 1 warn 1 low - gliding 1 macaroni 1 cared 1 toe 1 erectile 1 quote 1 seismic 1 mike 1 depiction 1 stream 1 conjured 1 spare 1 headlock 1 non- 1 parted 1 miscreants 1 dope 1 reparation 1 dreams 1 trip 1 response 1 pecker 1 weird 1 dialing 1 dredged 1 clad 1 rights 1 specialty 1 bust 1 pastures 1 native 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 tribal 1 spain 1 machinery 1 walking 1 bank 1 covered 1 dirty - faced 1 slap 1 samoan 1 wispy 1 knees 1 unhitch 1 they ' ve 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 struggle 1 rodeo 1 holiday 1 handmade 1 pacific 1 boarded 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 near - fainting 1 unreasonable 1 weighed 1 deals 1 marmalade 1 intersected 1 cluster 1 mother 1 rude 1 shook 1 dust 1 driver - side 1 grandfather 1 retiree 1 prosthesis 1 unpleasant 1 true 1 pontiac 1 grabs 1 incongruously 1 looks 1 background 1 chastely 1 sven 1 remote 1 leaf 1 goodbye 1 meninges 1 believe 1 burrow 1 high - centered 1 flee 1 reveal 1 trailing 1 moving 1 muckety - mucks 1 anywhere 1 solid 1 debate 1 creepy 1 garble 1 mounted 1 change 1 springs 1 longingly 1 thirty 1 yellowish 1 stashed 1 smoker 's 1 expecting 1 beneficial 1 faring 1 unnatural 1 confiscated 1 ghetto 1 rag 1 schoolmates 1 familiar 1 machine 1 crowded 1 absentee 1 assumed 1 forehead 1 dysfunction 1 washington 's 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 child - god 1 pull 1 monkey 1 thirty - second 1 swearing 1 small 1 dread 1 wind - burned 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 found 1 hurled 1 elicit 1 click 1 staring 1 diagrams 1 bigger 1 adventures 1 canadian 1 maples 1 gaggle 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 vice 1 sunk 1 unsettling 1 dozen 1 swallow 1 moines 1 zilch 1 skinny 1 chugging 1 shabby 1 nearly 1 complicity 1 sensational 1 jeeps 1 held 1 clear 1 pierced 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 rerun 1 fiddle 1 minute 1 tampered 1 purposes 1 bullet 1 school 1 secretaries 1 suffer 1 talkin ' 1 stealthy 1 pause 1 turns 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 once 1 cursed 1 killed 1 anesthesia 1 dangerously 1 adrenaline 1 expired 1 seamy 1 jailing 1 navigated 1 sunburn 1 starlet 1 headed 1 withdrawal 's 1 preserve 1 trailers 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 joined 1 amid 1 comrades 1 flare 1 manila 1 past - due 1 version 1 payout 1 desperado 1 sprint 1 tag 1 exploits 1 correct 1 u - turn 1 momentary 1 80s 1 watcha 1 general 1 hypotheses 1 spelled 1 two - tone 1 lovely 1 deep - space 1 quiet 1 bitter 1 closer 1 fooled 1 club 1 prepared 1 list 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 extremely 1 complain 1 tunnel 1 speeding 1 flirting 1 cloud 1 thrum 1 raise 1 gotten 1 hunter 1 pathetic 1 homes 1 acid 1 safety 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 dirge 1 rote 1 poster 1 unlike 1 controversy 1 chance 1 beers 1 scoop 1 convertible 1 instant 1 favored 1 imagery 1 glue 1 cinder - streaked 1 scout 1 wreckage 1 tube 1 thumbed 1 indices 1 armpit 1 schmuck 1 bagged 1 marooned 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 glasses 1 limbaugh 1 stalled 1 epiphany 1 swivel 1 stacks 1 mart 1 drowsed 1 abc 1 mosey 1 hang 1 crossed 1 shop 1 rear 1 phenomena 1 squirted 1 listen 1 spectrum 1 derelict 1 q 1 touching 1 shake 1 football 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 lowlife 1 reduced 1 repair 1 discotheque 1 live 1 tepid 1 doldrums 1 soul 1 confessing 1 deed 1 melodrama 1 reddening 1 appearance 1 pluto 1 h 1 consumed 1 chitin 1 structure 1 oh - two 1 woulda 923 .
the broadsword - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the broadsword 859 the 495 and 422 a 331 of 289 his 274 he 274 to 252 in 185 was 128 you 110 it 103 from 103 pershing 94 that 91 him 91 on 89 with 82 for 80 i 79 as 78 at 73 her 67 had 67 said 60 she 55 this 54 they 50 or 50 he 'd 50 an 47 were 47 if 47 into 44 be 43 by 41 what 40 like 39 their 39 one 37 so 37 not 36 them 35 about 34 mel 33 but 33 terry 33 through 32 when 31 more 31 wanda 30 me 30 no 29 than 29 is 28 who 27 we 27 there 27 out 26 over 26 all 26 around 25 do n't 25 been 24 got 24 two 24 then 23 your 22 would 22 its 22 back 22 come 22 how 22 made 22 did n't 22 night 21 i ' m 21 elgin 21 after 21 up 21 apartment 21 have 21 are 20 man 20 my 20 himself 20 while 18 could 18 do 18 which 17 pershing 's 17 away 17 just 17 went 17 off 17 old 16 some 16 other 16 too 16 few 16 these 15 now 15 until 15 face 15 thought 15 hand 14 even 14 behind 14 broadsword 14 hell 14 black 14 own 14 long 14 it 's 14 years 14 room 13 better 13 dark 13 gave 13 did 13 left 13 know 13 well 13 stood 13 time 13 oh 13 down 13 here 13 day 13 head 12 going 12 get 12 right 12 was n't 12 came 12 seen 12 only 12 make 12 every 12 maybe 12 light 12 detective 12 called 12 see 12 before 11 something 11 much 11 days 11 told 11 girl 11 had n't 11 lived 11 heart 11 water 11 three 11 put 11 tell 11 door 11 anything 11 along 10 that 's 10 near 10 little 10 you 're 10 any 10 where 10 heard 10 wanted 10 should 10 hours 10 eyes 10 wanda 's 10 vent 10 could n't 10 across 9 gone 9 people 9 eric 9 many 9 say 9 woman 9 shadows 9 woods 9 mind 9 place 9 men 9 person 9 house 9 morning 9 home 9 couple 9 took 9 several 9 yet 9 ever 9 saw 9 first 8 really 8 dennard 8 go 8 we 'll 8 talking 8 way 8 our 8 smiled 8 upon 8 last 8 against 8 inside 8 why 8 another 8 such 8 hotel 8 klecko 8 lay 8 hopkins 8 gina 8 drink 8 hands 8 cabin 8 will 8 i 'll 8 felt 8 because 8 wife 8 ask 8 take 8 window 8 she 'd 7 can 7 never 7 neck 7 end 7 someone 7 sure 7 wall 7 good 7 least 7 almost 7 toward 7 mr 7 glass 7 terry 's 7 sound 7 phone 7 bottle 7 bit 7 knew 7 red 7 during 7 darkness 7 life 7 moment 7 heat 7 dead 7 stared 7 second 7 love 7 find 7 trees 7 skin 7 friend 7 asked 7 done 7 small 7 weather 7 walked 7 five 7 enough 7 thing 6 danger 6 building 6 table 6 set 6 bad 6 stuff 6 late 6 fire 6 wine 6 hair 6 orange 6 wrong 6 those 6 months 6 turn 6 soon 6 living 6 superintendent 6 most 6 there 's 6 somebody 6 i ' ve 6 office 6 yeah 6 none 6 being 6 hard 6 fear 6 coming 6 minutes 6 brain 6 grinned 6 moved 6 pop 6 afternoon 6 certain 6 things 6 police 6 think 6 nothing 6 everything 6 mom 6 although 6 below 6 feet 6 arm 6 family 6 mouth 6 sense 6 rest 6 might 6 jimmy 6 ordbecker 6 quite 6 walker 6 blood 6 weeks 6 children 6 always 6 lost 6 watched 6 within 6 dressed 6 dreams 6 she 's 6 school 6 either 6 closer 6 us 5 drunk 5 real 5 elgin 's 5 tree 5 hot 5 who 'd 5 watching 5 damn 5 they 'd 5 later 5 kept 5 under 5 bed 5 great 5 child 5 new 5 sugar 5 voice 5 actually 5 anyone 5 relationship 5 hat 5 big 5 else 5 course 5 kids 5 gloria 5 percy 5 except 5 nobody 5 is n't 5 air 5 cops 5 chuckled 5 hills 5 turned 5 week 5 clouds 5 lights 5 outside 5 young 5 car 5 whispered 5 open 5 pack 5 odd 5 system 5 care 5 visit 5 together 5 cold 5 distance 5 frame 5 laughter 5 feel 5 started 5 sly 5 became 5 sweat 5 broke 5 between 5 dinner 5 body 5 appeared 5 shook 5 darkened 5 laughed 5 found 5 dozen 5 finally 5 killed 5 floor 5 noticed 5 side 5 name 5 glasses 5 mark 5 pair 5 high 4 dropped 4 everyone 4 owned 4 depths 4 hear 4 figured 4 saying 4 met 4 white 4 sleep 4 eventually 4 shut 4 prior 4 couch 4 want 4 tenants 4 ethel 4 four 4 tools 4 coffee 4 god 4 alone 4 questions 4 beyond 4 past 4 passed 4 conversation 4 order 4 kind 4 pretty 4 needed 4 screamed 4 acquired 4 ceiling 4 fact 4 sometimes 4 meet 4 state 4 decided 4 next 4 died 4 hit 4 worry 4 passing 4 recorder 4 clothes 4 seemed 4 soft 4 bedroom 4 meant 4 lisa 4 baby 4 give 4 managed 4 girlfriend 4 best 4 damp 4 camp 4 caused 4 played 4 edge 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 despite 4 porch 4 box 4 spent 4 trying 4 figures 4 flesh 4 eye 4 fine 4 watch 4 meanwhile 4 line 4 furnace 4 olympia 4 vents 4 working 4 lighted 4 let 's 4 surveying 4 forms 4 whatever 4 bowl 4 yards 4 purple 4 happened 4 leaves 4 work 4 stories 4 hearing 4 half 4 kid 4 let 4 shadow 4 still 4 wind 4 rain 4 usually 4 stars 4 sat 4 sun 4 thus 4 others 4 spread 4 friends 4 gesture 4 faces 4 hole 4 since 4 television 4 knees 4 corner 4 slightly 4 true 4 unpleasant 4 scared 4 beneath 4 reached 4 quickly 4 moving 4 nearly 4 held 4 heavy 4 peace 4 tried 4 stage 4 remained 4 times 3 married 3 immediately 3 p 3 stone 3 rose 3 rocks 3 soda 3 happy 3 milk 3 green 3 job 3 organic 3 freeman 3 dragged 3 eating 3 relief 3 valley 3 doing 3 third 3 monday 3 boy 3 area 3 booze 3 affected 3 rolled 3 listened 3 he 's 3 lips 3 college 3 cheek 3 man 's 3 suggested 3 kinda 3 dear 3 understand 3 preferred 3 move 3 brother 3 without 3 manticore 3 fan 3 birthday 3 composed 3 rattled 3 start 3 bone 3 father 3 money 3 ten 3 september 3 look 3 mountains 3 again 3 means 3 119 3 west 3 lemonade 3 probably 3 custodian 3 sarah 3 hiking 3 pete 3 cast 3 company 3 m 3 middle 3 grew 3 younger 3 playing 3 missing 3 drinks 3 older 3 break 3 glanced 3 what 's 3 forest 3 have n't 3 crazy 3 dishes 3 strange 3 leaned 3 figure 3 windows 3 sneaking 3 jesus 3 waited 3 event 3 question 3 also 3 realized 3 field 3 forth 3 human 3 dirt 3 closed 3 showed 3 has 3 marina 3 meter 3 guys 3 use 3 star 3 fellow 3 mean 3 bushes 3 search 3 learned 3 stumbling 3 worked 3 situation 3 stretch 3 top 3 directly 3 waiting 3 yourself 3 word 3 sports 3 need 3 does 3 thankfully 3 cup 3 threw 3 regina 3 tears 3 itself 3 fingers 3 hate 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 lady 3 call 3 singing 3 talk 3 post 3 wished 3 climbed 3 weak 3 chatting 3 static 3 spooked 3 case 3 silver 3 shoe 3 we 're 3 battered 3 formed 3 closet 3 touched 3 operation 3 station 3 wound 3 mel 's 3 getting 3 connie 3 waved 3 tales 3 large 3 memory 3 become 3 betsy 3 downtown 3 enjoyed 3 each 3 smile 3 close 3 however 3 allowed 3 muscles 3 imagined 3 tonight 3 knocked 3 joints 3 very 3 nonetheless 3 problem 3 wilderness 3 blanket 3 stopped 3 deep 3 six 3 remembered 3 often 3 bright 3 described 3 same 3 named 3 dim 3 you ' ve 3 smelled 3 ordbeckers 3 attack 3 beer 3 pulled 3 gods 3 pretending 3 chop 3 touch 3 cared 3 shoulder 3 got ta 3 used 3 story 3 looks 3 served 3 gloom 3 sign 3 spy 3 dread 3 drank 3 clear 3 books 3 bobby 3 fell 3 surrounded 3 once 3 wore 3 fog 3 headed 3 leave 3 meager 3 massive 3 desk 3 short 3 sleeping 3 brought 3 remain 3 checked 3 anne 2 boxers 2 zipped 2 interview 2 super 2 wild 2 wait 2 share 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 matter 2 tables 2 wo n't 2 trouble 2 local 2 suspicion 2 whom 2 show 2 1973 2 return 2 serious 2 keep 2 supply 2 spend 2 already 2 thanked 2 ghost 2 dripped 2 heavily 2 stains 2 psychic 2 evening 2 whistling 2 allegedly 2 owner 2 yellow 2 seconds 2 radiated 2 country 2 flared 2 degenerated 2 expression 2 wonder 2 considering 2 bring 2 parties 2 both 2 regular 2 mumble 2 tumbled 2 haunted 2 stygian 2 dad 2 restaurant 2 rather 2 age 2 there 'd 2 volume 2 bottles 2 key 2 save 2 experiences 2 bath 2 husband 2 2 2 doubt - less 2 card 2 thursday 2 moss 2 whispering 2 primordial 2 meat 2 experience 2 entire 2 plastic 2 erased 2 depot 2 hill 2 dream 2 woke 2 murmured 2 church 2 pulsed 2 crap 2 emanated 2 running 2 switch 2 swept 2 grasped 2 weirdoes 2 picked 2 stiff 2 mysterious 2 clearing 2 possible 2 metal 2 poured 2 split 2 jack 2 anxiety 2 sweetie 2 dusty 2 goes 2 buildings 2 radio 2 accepted 2 department 2 brightened 2 suspected 2 sticky 2 attracted 2 drinker 2 chair 2 narrow 2 following 2 sorry 2 definitely 2 they 're 2 gleamed 2 interested 2 grown 2 onto 2 fissure 2 whole 2 expensive 2 finger 2 would ' ve 2 occasional 2 voices 2 grimy 2 giggled 2 antique 2 forward 2 floors 2 hoped 2 flicked 2 gina 's 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 report 2 weekend 2 passenger 2 stop 2 rang 2 information 2 wallet 2 rust 2 misery 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 sounds 2 part 2 rescue 2 lifetime 2 insisted 2 knows 2 stayed 2 nebulous 2 recall 2 ached 2 convinced 2 elbow 2 recession 2 less 2 casually 2 tall 2 fixed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 lately 2 finding 2 bus 2 crowd 2 coy 2 beckoned 2 slashed 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 leaving 2 impression 2 liquor 2 clayton 2 constant 2 crew 2 ones 2 regarded 2 kitchen 2 certainly 2 engine 2 tomorrow 2 flickered 2 forced 2 suspect 2 peculiar 2 struck 2 steady 2 disappeared 2 escape 2 falsetto 2 hundred 2 consider 2 upstairs 2 shone 2 freight 2 lower 2 sounded 2 funny 2 uneasily 2 ridges 2 neighborhood 2 occurred 2 friendly 2 tendrils 2 visiting 2 cripes 2 view 2 okay 2 besides 2 ruled 2 exchanged 2 news 2 ball 2 devils 2 followed 2 beam 2 halls 2 plunged 2 emergency 2 moldy 2 early 2 lugging 2 nancy 2 morris 2 molding 2 executive 2 farfetched 2 acoustics 2 possibly 2 funeral 2 hid 2 hall 2 different 2 pleasure 2 seattle 2 lighting 2 glare 2 number 2 proved 2 having 2 blackened 2 carried 2 far 2 makes 2 maple 2 pad 2 slammed 2 especially 2 baseball 2 ha 2 cash 2 rise 2 dialed 2 lake 2 suite 2 guess 2 comfortable 2 catch 2 decades 2 dealt 2 round 2 illumination 2 routinely 2 son 2 cooling 2 syrupy 2 personality 2 teeth 2 complex 2 nine 2 marred 2 reason 2 labored 2 stretched 2 muffled 2 throbbing 2 continue 2 words 2 temperature 2 events 2 sandwiches 2 lot 2 notion 2 chin 2 fleshy 2 scope 2 nodded 2 softly 2 nearby 2 bet 2 retirement 2 returned 2 stay 2 embarrassingly 2 sudden 2 above 2 help 2 bastard 2 slurred 2 play 2 intensified 2 obviously 2 spade 2 prank 2 elevator 2 previous 2 staying 2 presence 2 thank 2 constance 2 check 2 naked 2 nature 2 note 2 keeping 2 colossal 2 race 2 kidneys 2 visions 2 bar 2 caverns 2 hide 2 answered 2 twinkled 2 city 2 wrinkled 2 dementia 2 kissed 2 grief 2 neighboring 2 ceased 2 earth 2 crooning 2 slipped 2 offline 2 wiped 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 higgins 2 patted 2 apocalypse 2 raving 2 portion 2 happens 2 mostly 2 mattress 2 wrote 2 normalcy 2 mystery 2 comment 2 judging 2 suits 2 he 'll 2 who 's 2 bathroom 2 ears 2 muted 2 breathed 2 friend 's 2 anybody 2 pains 2 nerves 2 tittered 2 blue 2 constantly 2 cards 2 nowhere 2 15 2 isolated 2 sofa 2 lifted 2 calling 2 subterranean 2 rank 2 inner 2 dreamed 2 california 2 surface 2 mass 2 gore 2 trick 2 girls 2 guessed 2 extra 2 bonfire 2 security 2 clash 2 shh 2 grin 2 run 2 answer 2 please 2 nah 2 opened 2 grab 2 revealed 2 wickedness 2 gathered 2 memories 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 burned 2 fit 2 careful 2 driver 2 record 2 talked 2 uncle 2 october 2 miles 2 emerged 2 whether 2 feeling 2 silence 2 grave 2 circuit 2 full 2 finished 2 panic 2 hidden 2 accompanied 2 brief 2 rooms 2 we ' ve 2 ordbecker 's 2 worst 2 fluttered 2 hello 2 happen 2 huddled 2 direction 2 stalking 2 inverted 2 teacher 2 sweetbreads 2 dry 2 campsite 2 numbers 2 warm 2 exactly 2 hey 2 overhead 2 dress 2 strangers 2 ring 2 pitcher 2 cars 2 gasped 2 quality 2 food 2 consecutive 2 asleep 2 thrilled 2 free 2 branches 2 sent 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 graduated 2 given 2 feed 2 lives 2 truth 2 stripped 2 slid 2 though 2 cabellos 2 secret 2 visited 2 rounds 2 looked 2 thirty - six 2 draped 2 entry 2 must 2 needle 2 imagination 2 lobster 2 pocket 2 dunno 2 normally 2 dogs 2 machines 2 ravine 2 easier 2 suffered 2 apparently 2 myself 2 ready 2 eric 's 2 track 2 wear 2 pale 2 bored 2 says 2 stench 2 spring 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 nightmares 2 empty 2 joy 2 hearth 2 guy 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 nightmare 2 background 2 remote 2 melting 2 yes 2 daylight 2 base 2 change 2 are n't 2 glowed 2 stashed 2 lurked 2 roughly 2 does n't 2 cox 2 fancy 2 mindless 2 sort 2 game 2 reading 2 bigger 2 former 2 jerky 2 glow 2 fifty 2 sixth 2 refrigerator 2 mold 2 impossible 2 occasions 2 claimed 2 maintained 2 coolness 2 officer 2 cave 2 turns 2 robber 2 bugged 2 obstreperous 2 randy 2 drove 2 ghostly 2 clammy 2 compass 2 quiet 2 task 2 clock 2 concerns 2 senses 2 glance 2 whispers 2 supper 2 delirium 2 shirt 2 town 2 pump 2 gotten 2 helped 2 acid 2 looking 2 paid 2 seventy 2 simply 2 guilt 2 oozed 2 appreciation 2 vest 2 latest 2 noted 2 hang 2 crossed 2 shop 2 homeland 2 brown 2 bought 2 quarter 2 hugged 2 ghosts 2 slithered 1 levity 1 unexpectedly 1 descended 1 supplied 1 calm 1 taken 1 sole 1 voluptuous 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 belonged 1 lounging 1 gray 1 inimitable 1 medicine 1 single - bedroom 1 twenty 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 doorways 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 trust 1 bedrooms - elgin 1 settling 1 steadily 1 silly 1 batting 1 haste 1 gruesome 1 seeing 1 tenancy 1 fluid 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 mimicking 1 siege 1 white - gloved 1 broad - sword 1 fair 1 ballgames 1 tragic 1 fiercely 1 industrial 1 signaled 1 booth 1 who - ever 1 8 1 slung 1 headache 1 muck 1 quaking 1 peaked 1 noting 1 gourmands 1 appropriate 1 rate 1 coals 1 dramatically 1 density 1 remarking 1 extricated 1 unceremoniously 1 source 1 dwells 1 thunderclap 1 failed 1 sink 1 sanctuary 1 puckered 1 allowing 1 ear 1 boyhood 1 roosting 1 1 1 tattoo 1 sufficient 1 sumed 1 abiding 1 wash 1 finish 1 wring 1 cooked 1 acceptance 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 demented 1 roared 1 appearance - his 1 hardwood 1 1983 1 chided 1 surprise 1 matted 1 daze 1 cracks 1 fetched 1 semblance 1 commented 1 antennas 1 echoing 1 exchange 1 backpack 1 um 1 veteran 1 wad 1 tightly 1 for - est 1 arms 1 latter 1 thigh 1 surpassed 1 gloomy 1 environments 1 fritz 1 blemishes 1 classier 1 relieve 1 taffy 1 rent 1 hissed 1 deal 1 personal 1 thoroughfares 1 nattering 1 soundless 1 banker 1 sweaty 1 suspension 1 historian 1 encampment 1 exposure 1 though - you 're 1 sidled 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 pulse 1 radical 1 logic 1 vast 1 tunes 1 student 1 partly 1 nightclub - cum - gambling 1 made - in - china 1 gape 1 architect 1 torch 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 counting 1 leader 1 after - dinner 1 grudging 1 missed 1 violet 1 blasted 1 impatient 1 referred 1 coordination 1 detached 1 captor 1 bakery 1 geophysical 1 burglar 1 bats 1 brow 1 devour 1 crib 1 sight 1 vino 1 protected 1 arrived 1 cabinet 1 misses 1 relented 1 far - mainly 1 drifted 1 dug 1 overcome 1 offered 1 jumble 1 male 1 spied 1 concrete 1 explanations 1 precinct 1 flashing 1 mainly 1 lyrics 1 unimaginable 1 speed 1 toiled 1 drinking 1 located 1 rafters 1 zipper 1 nasty 1 wet 1 brad 1 twisted 1 signals 1 thumbs 1 chrysalis 1 spurred 1 adopted 1 candles 1 universe 1 wacko 1 daunting 1 jealousy 1 estate 1 cocked 1 route 1 observers ' 1 pattering 1 pulling 1 cur - rent 1 cosmos 1 patently 1 stoking 1 kerouac 1 elsewhere 1 styrofoam 1 stairwells 1 scotch 1 c'm on 1 tailored 1 perry 1 foreign 1 amused 1 district 1 irritable 1 infinite 1 sock 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 mental 1 lemon 1 vogue 1 fried 1 jeezus 1 foot 1 tiles 1 wrap 1 inexplicable 1 replaced 1 shale 1 worker 1 unidentifiable 1 hair - line 1 gas 1 snug 1 hope 1 knife 1 dimly 1 columned 1 exist 1 transformed 1 gets 1 criminal 1 construction 1 today 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 sport 1 fret 1 yolks 1 cloths 1 conditioning 1 doorway 1 titanic 1 tail 1 extent 1 heirs 1 spree 1 fix 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 pincers 1 measures 1 gunned 1 sinking 1 taxes 1 verse 1 dawn 1 fringes 1 mastery 1 tract 1 terrified 1 lane 1 tiptoed 1 purchased 1 perched 1 season 1 clumsily 1 furniture 1 splattered 1 nonchalance 1 blame 1 hippie 1 sea 1 graduate 1 routine 1 melted 1 coils 1 worn 1 sickening 1 sharing 1 smoking 1 jobs 1 dismissive 1 wary 1 inevitably 1 humid 1 tuned 1 abused 1 yesterday 1 perils 1 miked 1 viscid 1 girl 's 1 cyst 1 habitat 1 silent 1 broadsword - they 1 player 1 popping 1 trapped 1 contemptuous 1 polar 1 insinuated 1 loath 1 regina 's 1 unconvinced 1 them - selves 1 crushing 1 dresser 1 lord 1 disconnected 1 mariners ' 1 amiable 1 incipient 1 vats 1 surveyor 1 flirtatious 1 excursions - no 1 out - she 1 unconscious 1 boded 1 exact 1 child - and 1 strands 1 juices 1 divorced 1 punch 1 blue - streaked 1 electricity 1 gorge 1 hefted 1 noxious 1 san 1 ohh 1 mars 1 spilled 1 seized 1 memorabilia 1 prowling 1 focused 1 quick 1 peeling 1 hellion 1 transferring 1 poet 1 ripped 1 possibility 1 artificiality 1 flashlight 1 match 1 suspicious 1 spiritual 1 twilight 1 pilgrimage - on 1 catered 1 series 1 perspiring 1 prickle 1 shatter 1 mounds 1 variety 1 unsteadily 1 nervous 1 bubble 1 chills 1 hostile 1 abandoning 1 uphill 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 travails 1 refused 1 carl 1 alcoholism 1 jumpy 1 lifestyle 1 bodies 1 tab 1 bone - white 1 original 1 seldom 1 she 'll 1 jamb 1 aloofness 1 brick 1 seventieth 1 pit 1 destroyed 1 embedded 1 quiescent 1 temp 1 wan 1 shaken 1 tricks 1 breathy 1 tinny 1 relive 1 straddle - legged 1 second - guessing 1 trail 1 provincial 1 confide 1 getting 's 1 middle - income 1 chicken 1 roiled 1 decked 1 introduced 1 addled 1 snoring 1 withdraw 1 hosted 1 shit 1 periodically 1 sour - mel 1 1982 1 kicked 1 slaughterhouse 1 letters 1 squeal 1 features 1 pleasantries 1 fortunate 1 physiognomies 1 inches 1 blankenship 1 preceded 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 determined 1 yonder 1 relish 1 deepest 1 conditioner 1 tattooed 1 intestines 1 goodnight 1 zone 1 grandfather 's 1 visualized 1 personally 1 five - year - old 1 mice 1 sparks 1 stab 1 superior 1 rained 1 dropping 1 appraised 1 roads 1 miss 1 pride 1 reach 1 bowls 1 purely 1 funded 1 reliable 1 neatly 1 scarcely 1 chocolates 1 gravitas 1 particular 1 discern 1 9 1 vanguard 1 glaring 1 el 1 manitou 1 chapter 1 ances 1 implacably 1 blend 1 was - poor 1 surgeon 1 traditional 1 fishy 1 fears 1 follow 1 11 1 continued 1 endless 1 approving 1 ecological 1 chasing 1 queued 1 smudges 1 bravado 1 prints 1 snicker 1 glittery 1 friday 1 abduction 1 sly 's 1 wonder- 1 soundings 1 fed 1 camouflage 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wha - a - t 1 chuckles 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 unease 1 leech 1 corona 1 day 's 1 stumbled 1 circling 1 chest 1 wondering 1 ganja 1 months- 1 mush 1 sensible 1 slumped 1 ascended 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 repeat 1 screwing 1 jerks 1 wave 1 victims 1 eternal 1 putting 1 hissing 1 protect 1 penitence 1 herself 1 underneath 1 amateur 1 agency 1 indebted 1 gibbering 1 comfort 1 mixer 1 subtly 1 unseen 1 come - on 1 muggers 1 thud 1 steep 1 burst 1 ethel 's 1 ammonia 1 dorm 1 pal 1 innocent 1 as- 1 che 1 incidents 1 grottos 1 nose 1 prospects 1 unscrewed 1 outgrabe 1 illuminated 1 gentlemen 1 impatience 1 own - and 1 delusional 1 miller 1 forty - five 1 boisterous 1 invasion 1 couples 1 slugger 1 trembled 1 cutting 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 calls 1 visitor - call 1 fields 1 jeez 1 lashed 1 know - two 1 civilization 's 1 spacious 1 fright 1 special 1 stores 1 bruises 1 sundew 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 s 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 changed 1 ruefully 1 shed 1 cloudy 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ziggurats 1 actors 1 weekends 1 disconsolate 1 plaster 1 traveling 1 sober 1 eight 1 cynicism 1 hiss 1 half - crouched 1 hullo 1 hiker 1 discoveries 1 doorknobs 1 overnight 1 beat 1 cooler 1 tender 1 diabolical 1 indignities 1 wednesday 1 colleagues 1 intent 1 marks 1 handy 1 mome 1 bookshops 1 insides 1 eager 1 sake 1 dwelled 1 exquisitely 1 standby 1 announced 1 choir 1 insufferable 1 postmark 1 material 1 repulsed 1 heed 1 griping 1 amazing 1 men ' 1 grillwork 1 blob 1 bole 1 fence 1 depressingly 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 roof 1 parked 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tops 1 migration 1 3 1 venture 1 timeless 1 groans 1 inspection 1 storm 1 delivered 1 dismissal 1 parking 1 shapes 1 soup 1 punctured 1 horn 1 betters 1 treaty 1 yawned 1 winter 1 amniotic 1 silently 1 explained 1 confident 1 beds 1 iii 1 insane 1 slither 1 shocked 1 freaked 1 ungainly 1 you - no 1 cackle 1 bellicose 1 subscription 1 oasis 1 shrank 1 14 1 begged 1 mischievous 1 overripe 1 basket 1 hooked 1 bouquet 1 imposter 1 recorded 1 screaming 1 robot 1 blind 1 desks 1 peephole - she 1 scuttling 1 lesser - known 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 accomplishment 1 disappointing 1 perilously 1 inlet 1 caked 1 tomb 1 remainder 1 james 1 awarded 1 reasonable 1 frankly 1 calendar 1 luxuriating 1 penchant 1 slimy 1 forests 1 sparked 1 brine 1 humor 1 seven 1 pop 's 1 making 1 fulfilled 1 matches 1 figurines 1 camps 1 thickness 1 cleared 1 axis 1 father 's 1 appalachian 1 swim 1 muggy 1 kiddo 1 overlong 1 thickets 1 grandma 1 flat 1 slime 1 plenty 1 annoyed 1 misty 1 guzzle 1 senior 1 spooled 1 behavior 1 dislocation 1 chatted 1 afterthought 1 da 1 toughs 1 file 1 dignity 1 degrees 1 starch 1 pissed - i 1 vodka 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 chivvied 1 semi - hypnosis 1 creaked 1 received 1 valium 1 hi 1 devise 1 earthman 1 slice 1 fbi 1 deserted 1 circle 1 cooperation 1 cuffs 1 melvin 1 fate 1 over - head 1 customs 1 glimmered 1 getaway 1 everywhere 1 snatch 1 mitt 1 seventy - two 1 uh 1 palm 1 rammed 1 august 1 guant 1 flying 1 children - unfortunately 1 scraped 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 bane 1 odor 1 lobbyists 1 choose 1 tip 1 hypothermia 1 movies 1 fondness 1 chewed 1 mob 1 indulged 1 eat 1 legends 1 liked 1 robes 1 adams 1 helplessness 1 defeated 1 ansel 1 handed 1 mist 1 queenly 1 lush 1 fancifully 1 barton 1 halfway 1 dribbled 1 squeezed 1 harriet 1 cultural 1 terrestrial 1 vermiculate 1 reassuring 1 habit 1 transfixed 1 suffering 1 bury 1 busy 1 disliked 1 wives 1 brush 1 aspect 1 teens 1 kinds 1 sardonically 1 rooting 1 killingly 1 househusband 1 barnacles - a 1 beastly 1 sighed 1 seasonally 1 phantoms 1 brimstone 1 gnaw 1 settled 1 riveted 1 career 1 ordered 1 rapidly 1 preparing 1 wenbr 1 swipe 1 uninterested 1 ventriloquism 1 elevators 1 fans 1 shift 1 dash 1 healthy 1 immortals 1 bat 1 mid - tune 1 studying 1 destruction 1 ties 1 dessert 1 banana 1 pits 1 carpet 1 phone- 1 reef 1 hackles 1 lipstick 1 tumwater 1 frame 's 1 lit 1 contortionist 's 1 ter 1 staking 1 becomes 1 american 1 ironically 1 posh 1 bothers 1 chuckling 1 abyssal 1 dashing 1 some - thing 1 hideously 1 cliffs 1 involved 1 torments 1 speechless 1 blurred 1 whispering - he 1 magma 1 investigator 1 boys 1 confined 1 person - sing 1 runs 1 sporting 1 eggshell 1 warehouses 1 spilling 1 forty - something - she 1 honeydew 1 originated 1 chords 1 ruffians 1 sucked 1 ship 1 discovered 1 tapered 1 bookshelf 1 sweltering 1 questioning 1 powerful 1 rum 1 obligatory 1 curb 1 salary 1 impending 1 probing 1 loved 1 clangs 1 potted 1 sucking 1 jimmy 's 1 unpacked 1 consultant 1 write 1 guide 1 scouring 1 washington 1 legislature 1 abutted 1 alkaline 1 inscrutable 1 schoolboy 1 worse 1 denver 1 drooling 1 mutton 1 pilates 1 reports 1 gulley 1 laid 1 ye 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 silhouetted 1 fluttering 1 bulletproof 1 recent 1 so - called 1 bric - a - brac - and 1 concentrated 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 scraping 1 bolt 1 tenant 1 sharp 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 semi - deserted 1 menagerie 1 halfheartedly 1 faith 1 photo - graphs 1 accomplished 1 wrestling 1 butcher 1 unhappily 1 napkins 1 surfaced 1 grizzlies 1 warranted 1 cyclones 1 cassock 1 denizens 1 depressing 1 screwed 1 weakness 1 world 1 tinfoil 1 greatest 1 slow - two 1 customary 1 murder 1 demesne 1 breach 1 hurry 1 niche 1 pragmatist 1 fern 1 form 1 rough - hewn 1 phil 1 traveled 1 incredulous 1 gaze 1 throng 1 smooth 1 subconscious 1 i - this 1 annual 1 vanished 1 1989 1 ribs 1 savagery 1 possessed 1 priest 1 flights 1 costs 1 various 1 wilted 1 survivor 's 1 intruding 1 obsession 1 imagining 1 devoid 1 walls 1 may 1 suckled 1 lamps 1 coyotes 1 paternally 1 gravel 1 installed 1 attached 1 wrists 1 peril 1 23 1 glances 1 holly - style 1 apartment - the 1 relieved 1 hyper - reality 1 convention 1 ah 1 creep 1 blocks 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 curling 1 suit - nothing 1 income 1 hesitated 1 glisten 1 casual 1 walk 1 manage 1 casualness 1 knock 1 eel 1 desisted 1 precariously 1 surely 1 flickering 1 effected 1 clicked 1 relevance 1 leaking 1 summoned 1 quivering 1 reds 1 frankie 's 1 fluctuations 1 incalculable 1 miserably 1 resist 1 kindly 1 terry - creature 1 interrogation 1 oxygen 1 included 1 tape 1 despaired 1 loveseat 1 rot 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 creatures 1 terrorize 1 winds 1 admit 1 munched 1 wired 1 bled 1 lied 1 nightclubs 1 pyramids 1 scents 1 largely 1 fallen 1 weeknights 1 albeit 1 meet - your - cute - neighbor 1 anger 1 crashed 1 stinging 1 tubes 1 pay 1 historical 1 wary 's 1 abscess 1 lord - are 1 shot 1 tension 1 studiousness 1 courtship 1 exhaustion 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 papers 1 rush 1 stronger 1 rustic 1 advancing 1 trespassers 1 broom 1 lizard 1 socialite 1 bother 1 sir 1 button - up 1 based 1 ruined 1 dial 1 sixty - seven 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 packed 1 ballroom 1 meaning 1 nut 1 pain 1 piled 1 chivvy 1 shape 1 degree 1 foresight 1 wasteland 1 politicians 1 illuminating 1 lamented 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 inkling 1 l 1 atm 1 successfully 1 ducts 1 16 1 existed 1 member 1 waves 1 computer 1 punching 1 delectable 1 orderly 1 malcontents 1 shortly 1 scram 1 nestle 1 handsome 1 1958 1 twice 1 u 1 cracking 1 hyperventilating 1 that- 1 raths 1 hurtin ' 1 flies 1 marshmallows 1 midnight 1 cry 1 mouthful 1 breaks 1 filled 1 weasel 1 dying 1 mustache 1 groping 1 beatings 1 imitation 1 ken 1 move- 1 burnt 1 buddy 1 suddenly 1 consented 1 politely 1 well - dressed 1 swirl 1 writhed 1 lightning 1 pop - let 1 separation 1 lust 1 corners 1 math 1 boom 1 underworld 1 turtlenecks 1 useful 1 mud 1 winked 1 drapes 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 pushing 1 throat 1 sufficiently 1 band 1 posturing 1 sealed 1 infinitely 1 shallow 1 charm 1 arrayed 1 switched 1 nameless 1 lamp 1 malign 1 takeoff 1 confronted 1 overseas 1 trappings 1 drawer 1 bonfires 1 jaded 1 dropcloth 1 tidy 1 shiny 1 dried 1 alien 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 distant 1 rambunctious 1 sundown 1 suspended 1 late - night 1 transmitting 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 threatened 1 periodic 1 droopy 1 typical 1 safe 1 luminescent 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 ice 1 hibernation 1 fitful 1 schlepping 1 ignorance 1 pointed 1 softened 1 searching 1 message 1 suburbanite 1 belly 1 began 1 whisper 1 downpour 1 frailties 1 idiot 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 pelted 1 dashed 1 freezer 1 creep - infested 1 perform 1 shoveled 1 treetops 1 excursions 1 gift 1 dresses 1 stranger 's 1 curiosity 1 planets 1 aging 1 taste 1 dictated 1 miasma 1 medium 1 root 1 kissing 1 puffy 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 perhaps 1 burns 1 blindly 1 captors 1 credible 1 jumping 1 jointed 1 voice- 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 placing 1 townhouse 1 forget 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 absent 1 clapped 1 showered 1 tightwad 1 cookies 1 eyeing 1 4 1 belongs 1 drifting 1 recorder - pershing 1 noise 1 thinker 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 humanoid 1 robed 1 temperate 1 cable 1 thin - he 1 cozy 1 air - conditioned 1 flapping 1 matters 1 open - heart 1 slack 1 seams 1 studied 1 incredible 1 access 1 panama 1 land 1 churned 1 guts 1 lots 1 toothbrush 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 shouted 1 type 1 upright 1 hauled 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 ended 1 nilson 1 fortean 1 northerly 1 security - conscious 1 nervousness 1 simultaneously 1 memos 1 regardless 1 stepfather 1 jungle 1 faced 1 curl 1 houston 1 rendezvous 1 doubtless 1 front 1 measuring 1 pitchers 1 asking 1 week - hid 1 crinkled 1 bunch 1 12 1 moment - he 1 china 1 noise - which 1 exoskeletons 1 stoicism 1 knelt 1 cowls 1 flown 1 occasionally 1 twitchier 1 foulness 1 contact 1 holy 1 beaches 1 rolexes 1 mention 1 something - someone - watching 1 him - self 1 river 1 products 1 hunted 1 pace 1 jet 1 chick 1 frequently 1 poor 1 smiling 1 sickos 1 waking 1 tea 1 ouster 1 four - star 1 johnny 1 sweeping 1 fostered 1 build 1 magician 1 cottage - style 1 navigate 1 hip 1 proposed 1 done - in 1 drenched 1 known 1 peek 1 atop 1 mug 1 visits 1 ham 1 trudged 1 sneering 1 hammered 1 testicles 1 cloves 1 dizzy 1 turkey 1 fungi 1 mossy 1 bickered 1 walton 's 1 perception 1 crooked 1 slug 1 clusters 1 silver - sly 1 reminding 1 salad 1 stunned 1 someone 's 1 ankles 1 four - piece 1 croaked 1 impressed 1 towed 1 quarters 1 clich 1 at - an 1 giant 1 yelm 1 limber 1 deceit 1 immortality 1 offspring 1 fewer 1 dais 1 reflexive 1 lunch 1 metamorphosed 1 sconces 1 laugh 1 spiked 1 sentience 1 tale 1 sickly 1 bloomed 1 remarked 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 reception 1 substance 1 claim 1 shines 1 infuriated 1 mansion 1 bore 1 ecclesiastical 1 plants 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 downed 1 shrubbery 1 speaking 1 inherited 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 needling 1 grip 1 lurking 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 cloister 1 physician 1 sue 1 unless 1 spun 1 5 1 complete 1 porcelain 1 mortified 1 understaffed 1 flowers 1 mates 1 pants 1 chilled 1 wife- 1 hollows 1 agree 1 wood 1 misfit 1 diffuse 1 frozen 1 inebriated 1 encountered 1 cases 1 temporary 1 chosen 1 equally 1 stammer 1 inhaled 1 rental 1 comprehend 1 warned 1 mock 1 waving 1 trait 1 deadbolt 1 blades 1 nailed 1 raining 1 boulders 1 cramped 1 60s 1 wobble 1 steel 1 laborious 1 magnified 1 warnings 1 contract 1 cheerily 1 gasping 1 duct 1 significant 1 extended 1 interlaced 1 amazed 1 metaphor 1 mask 1 blinked 1 height 1 malfunctioning - condensation 1 shoved 1 howled 1 snooper 1 disappear 1 lever 1 gestured 1 comes 1 deity 1 half - empty 1 paused 1 opposite 1 slope 1 midday 1 boiler 1 listening 1 interminable 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 tormentors 1 fanned 1 fairly 1 arrival 1 honey 1 snickered 1 disagreed 1 beast 1 caught 1 organizing 1 region 1 according 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 sour 1 predicted 1 weary 1 replied 1 re - creation 1 hapless 1 language 1 aura 1 damaging 1 camino 1 snake 1 fiber - optic 1 earshot 1 emotional 1 assured 1 radiation 1 heaps 1 winding 1 clean 1 main 1 mantel 1 conferences 1 drive 1 broadly 1 13 1 mail 1 soiled 1 relics 1 drained 1 smattering 1 berkeley 1 somewhere 1 deep - sea 1 date 1 concerned 1 toil 1 autumn 1 vending 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 absolut 1 roaches 1 sometime 1 inward 1 basement 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 mirror 1 month 1 float 1 griffey 1 doomed 1 wilds 1 appears 1 policy 1 shampoo 1 neighbors 1 seek- 1 fist 1 uniformed 1 brand 1 snugged 1 readings 1 explain 1 sky 1 spoke 1 shuddered 1 brass 1 squirming 1 plucking 1 underbrush 1 measured 1 cheery 1 imminent 1 shuttered 1 shot - a 1 droop 1 invaded 1 mornings 1 survive 1 shirts 1 bearable 1 buzzed 1 unchanged 1 af- 1 proper 1 warmed 1 seam 1 places 1 slight 1 midwest 1 ago 1 agonies 1 haze 1 mistake 1 doncha 1 safely 1 coveralls 1 crack 1 crude 1 coiffed 1 tunnels 1 machete 1 caliber 1 heighten 1 lounge 1 dark - haired 1 animal 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 photo 1 lesser 1 circles 1 opaque 1 ringing 1 canned 1 associates 1 chill 1 claiming 1 deco 1 goods 1 east 1 hotter 1 roar 1 games 1 cornered 1 realm 1 crawled 1 art 1 screeches 1 half - hearted 1 truly 1 months ' 1 feelings 1 flag 1 911 1 apartments 1 foolish 1 understood 1 campers 1 sixty - nine 1 papered 1 seat 1 thick 1 lutheran 1 gear 1 protestations 1 dispatcher 1 shame 1 clay - ton 1 wedge 1 wandering 1 mugged 1 assimilation 1 pistol 1 deck 1 civilization 1 toadstools 1 currently 1 deepened 1 malevolent 1 creepos 1 mini - cameras 1 vertebra 1 signs 1 frankie 1 aside 1 added 1 guppies 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 provided 1 contracting 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gulped 1 sidewalk 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 bulk 1 bones 1 monitor 1 spine 1 coomb 1 parlors 1 shears 1 force 1 trembling 1 measure 1 deform 1 damnable 1 threats 1 shove 1 history 1 perfume 1 seems 1 observing 1 awake 1 louisville 1 renovations 1 exquisite 1 sooty 1 swaying 1 recognition 1 buddies 1 impress 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 swing 1 generation 1 1979 1 radiance 1 ginsberg 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 receded 1 plate 1 sip 1 yell 1 wishes 1 bushy 1 sixty 1 croaks 1 consolation 1 hollow 1 full - blown 1 olympia 's 1 informing 1 rosary 1 whose 1 paranoia 1 propagate 1 thinking 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 juice 1 legs 1 answering 1 moderate 1 beings 1 days ' 1 navy 1 engineering 1 skyline 1 keepsakes - snapshots 1 leg 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 garden - party - throwing 1 counts 1 tagged 1 bowels 1 terror 1 shells 1 weirdo 1 tarot 1 docks 1 technologies 1 maneuvers 1 bastards 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 conducted 1 grind 1 accentuated 1 swirling 1 images 1 service 1 escaping 1 forever 1 tones 1 buoyed 1 horror 1 uprooted 1 6 1 penetrate 1 thrillers 1 settings 1 sprang 1 outta 1 gargantuan 1 leaden 1 percy 's 1 hour 's 1 pillow 1 subscribe 1 course - also 1 wish 1 promise 1 shredded 1 void 1 wormed 1 clientele 1 sighing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 visitation 1 prowler 1 icecaps 1 melancholy 1 tough 1 reality 1 dreamt 1 pieces 1 prowled 1 carton 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 mush - rooms 1 recognized 1 of- 1 sublime 1 folding 1 doubt 1 block 1 grow 1 squeeze 1 edgy 1 heck 1 muscle 1 outer 1 mission 1 employee 1 chums 1 estimated 1 bounced 1 rabid 1 year 1 caressed 1 embarrassment 1 sprawled 1 delighted 1 among 1 wooded 1 epoxy 1 photos 1 moist 1 stride 1 shawl 1 idiotically 1 refined 1 golf 1 jose 1 knuckle 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 filthy 1 ratty 1 proportion 1 jumped 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 half - dozen 1 electromagnetic 1 mimicked 1 cover 1 par - ties 1 migrated 1 covering 1 bucko - we ' ve 1 some - times 1 footprints 1 average 1 ernest 1 warning 1 cuddled 1 hunters 1 gracious 1 cause 1 tore 1 moon 1 odds 1 sewage 1 beefy 1 status 1 internally 1 ufo 1 unfold 1 clever 1 tight 1 signed 1 sniveling 1 were n't 1 mica 1 stairs 1 popular 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 crackpot 1 hobs 1 handle 1 irate 1 olympic 1 eh 1 equipment 1 paced 1 sergeant 's 1 indeed 1 cannery 1 coincidence 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 curtains 1 brood 1 recovered 1 retired 1 bowed 1 christmases 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 knows - perhaps 1 bear 1 waitresses 1 play - by - play 1 converted 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 tramped 1 suit 1 primeval 1 reserved 1 resident 1 wiser 1 tacoma 1 elementary 1 sans 1 superstitious 1 listener 1 worlds 1 prayers 1 lunatic 1 due 1 argued 1 cautionary 1 agnostic 1 amusing 1 toes 1 sub - basement 1 coldness 1 frames 1 catcher 's 1 flows 1 kilter 1 elongated 1 suited 1 vacation 1 prominently 1 intensity 1 raw 1 diabolic 1 hoot 1 ya 1 grate 1 similar 1 peninsula 1 cloth 1 bits 1 doorframe 1 flowed 1 francisco 1 summer 1 barked 1 waste 1 push 1 hold 1 homesteads 1 beamed 1 whiskey 1 prayed 1 populated 1 resonated 1 friends - did n't 1 disappointment 1 tremblay 1 labor 1 bags 1 license 1 sons 1 explanation 1 disguise 1 seven - floor 1 tracks 1 paranoid 1 goosed 1 7 1 larger 1 loose 1 suppressed 1 parkas 1 predicament 1 gloaming 1 uptight 1 impressive 1 sneaky 1 night 's 1 theorized 1 mourning 1 pissed 1 raised 1 jangled 1 blue - tinged 1 ticked 1 den 1 ass 1 professor - and 1 outdoorsmen 1 hike 1 undefined 1 amazement 1 unbecoming 1 haircuts 1 rack 1 separate 1 metastasize 1 dwindled 1 waddell 1 grandmother 1 diatribes 1 space 1 testament 1 librarian 1 parts 1 hollywood 1 wonderland 1 corporation 1 kooks 1 wedged 1 clinked 1 savage 1 fake 1 incident 1 influenced 1 girly 1 reeked 1 heineken 1 orbits 1 gentlemanly 1 continuing 1 re - move 1 relished 1 half - dead 1 ill - concealed 1 eyelids 1 supine 1 squat 1 circulation 1 manic 1 women 1 guevara - loving 1 am 1 public 1 there 'll 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 yelling 1 stale 1 vile 1 fully 1 grotto 1 propped - up 1 ruffled 1 flap 1 oddly 1 patiently 1 cynic 1 skating 1 lulled 1 screwdriver 1 anthony 's 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 uncoiling 1 hysteria 1 checking 1 downhill 1 able 1 style 1 signal 1 tighten 1 eavesdropping 1 ing 1 ranches 1 seventh - inning 1 swung 1 celebrities 1 wan- 1 segued 1 crates 1 entrenchment 1 peeked 1 ushered 1 fred 1 upper 1 creak 1 wooden 1 bart 1 hallucinating 1 outhouse 1 twigs 1 lethargic 1 pill 1 tone 1 vengeance 1 freedom 1 noon 1 commanded 1 chanted 1 unable 1 dude 1 faculties 1 spitting 1 alive 1 prohibited 1 jihadist 1 shushing 1 species 1 gentry 1 intestine 1 crash 1 remedy 1 tongue 1 wants 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 mike 1 outcroppings 1 waddel 1 stream 1 justice 1 echoed 1 woefully 1 horridly 1 shushed 1 pools 1 store 1 response 1 lair 1 seeping 1 weird 1 trips 1 ranting 1 skills 1 stabbings 1 tiny 1 fillings 1 prefer 1 70s 1 walking 1 altogether 1 bank 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 trio 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 perfectly 1 bumping 1 straightened 1 occurring 1 inconceivable 1 borrow 1 adaptations 1 outlets 1 backlit 1 frequency 1 grill 1 squirmed 1 management 1 namo 1 oven 1 rude 1 beaming 1 broad 1 shore 1 muddy 1 longer 1 jogged 1 surprising 1 scores 1 grandfather 1 tilting 1 steps 1 expanding 1 limp 1 woman 's 1 wander 1 ground 1 swallowed 1 tracked 1 laboring 1 coast 1 argue 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 wordless 1 malice 1 no - freaking - body 1 cubicles 1 idealist 1 roasting 1 stark 1 drying 1 clouded 1 fashion 1 believe 1 otherwise 1 evilly 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 flee 1 should ' ve 1 too - frequent 1 generations- 1 grotesque 1 hangdog 1 rushed 1 twenty - first 1 scratched 1 firelight 1 well - dresses 1 child 's 1 mode 1 creepy 1 rooted 1 secure 1 winced 1 garble 1 inflict 1 useless 1 shall 1 further 1 happily 1 messages 1 albums 1 gusts 1 scribbled 1 stubbornness 1 door - way 1 roses 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 sold 1 puppets 1 step 1 smithsonian 1 calmness 1 nudge 1 winded 1 neglect 1 charged 1 hikers 1 suites 1 entrails 1 objects 1 unknown 1 machine 1 seniors 1 crowded 1 cried 1 point 1 absentee 1 secretiveness 1 gained 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 pinned 1 marched 1 youth - clean - shaven 1 trap 1 ingles 1 pastureland 1 bibliophile 1 pull 1 gait 1 clumsy 1 perforce 1 briefly 1 toolbox 1 ganglia 1 color 1 jerk 1 pipes 1 locked 1 instead 1 vibrated 1 staring 1 scalded 1 distanced 1 ether 1 mariners 1 belongings 1 exclamations 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 c 1 shelf 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 palpable 1 skulked 1 crystalline 1 herd 1 inevitable 1 revert 1 turbines 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 baggy 1 pierced 1 purple - black 1 screams 1 minute 1 cigarette 1 quo 1 unspeakable 1 merlot 1 kettle 1 mooning 1 neanderthal 1 lose 1 spoken 1 vain 1 pause 1 skyward 1 courage 1 gramps 1 warmup 1 sunday 1 nagging 1 holocaust 1 starless 1 owners 1 granite 1 inherent 1 photographs 1 stroke 1 accumulation 1 toothless 1 logging 1 videos 1 present 1 ape 1 large - hearted 1 imitated 1 apparition 1 unceremonious 1 proverbial 1 wherever 1 shrieked 1 guys - i ' m 1 relaxed 1 joined 1 bathed 1 waiter 1 ate 1 lured 1 cupped 1 rankled 1 driving 1 restore 1 supposed 1 mad- 1 shops 1 barbequing 1 gradually 1 ca n't 1 24 1 century 1 robinson 1 agreed 1 diaspora 1 utter 1 colliding 1 crank 1 fooled 1 quoted 1 club 1 gently 1 jelly 1 prepared 1 promptly 1 awaiting 1 seem 1 blackest 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 section 1 estimates 1 sunset 1 invisible 1 cleveland 1 spending 1 tunnel 1 shingle 1 street 1 landlord 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 vocal 1 acting 1 social 1 raise 1 bloom 1 histories 1 blacked 1 lines 1 doses 1 safety 1 retreat 1 waterproof 1 recliner 1 susurration 1 hotel 's 1 chance 1 scoop 1 obscenities 1 millions 1 favored 1 detective 's 1 buried 1 true - that 1 armpit 1 camped 1 facelifts 1 from- 1 dimmed 1 protocol 1 substitute 1 foliage 1 swivel 1 crab - walked 1 intelligent 1 anderson 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 searing 1 avoided 1 nauseated 1 bedrooms - naked 1 hopped 1 blackness 1 folk 1 foundation 1 swanky 1 shake 1 jacket 1 drop 1 ridge 1 football 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 bloomers 1 services 1 party 1 notepad 1 live 1 tepid 1 counter 1 sergeant 1 automaton 1 adaptable 1 twenty - sixth 1 lecher 1 culprits 1 squelching 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 sentient 1 leap 1 laughed - that 1 jr 1 team 1 1918 1 hallucinated 1 microphones 1 demonstrated 1 destroy 1 six - pack 928 .
the imago sequence - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the imago sequence 1109 the 798 a 531 i 463 and 460 of 390 to 325 in 307 was 271 my 193 it 172 he 166 his 159 with 143 me 134 that 132 you 126 on 116 had 116 for 111 as 111 from 100 at 91 an 76 were 74 not 69 is 60 no 60 into 58 him 55 what 55 this 54 but 52 its 50 by 49 her 49 like 48 thornton 46 more 46 they 46 about 45 jacob 45 there 44 or 44 she 44 be 43 all 41 said 40 if 39 up 39 did n't 38 one 37 them 35 back 35 are 34 we 34 imago 34 fulcher 34 do 33 too 33 been 33 around 31 did 30 who 30 when 29 so 29 got 29 teddy 28 would 27 man 27 out 26 do n't 25 i ' m 25 down 25 head 24 way 24 off 24 have 23 your 23 know 23 made 23 face 23 it 's 23 then 23 through 22 over 22 mouth 21 could 21 where 21 mrs 21 eyes 20 was n't 20 their 20 parallax 20 will 20 which 19 people 19 get 19 want 19 mr 19 chin 18 ammon 18 went 18 any 18 much 18 upon 18 well 18 anselm 18 because 18 hand 18 before 17 photograph 17 renfro 17 gave 17 after 17 few 17 alpha 17 light 17 see 16 right 16 god 16 again 16 some 16 house 16 these 16 room 15 teddy 's 15 our 15 come 15 two 14 go 14 many 14 new 14 left 14 how 14 time 14 cortez 14 here 14 day 13 moss 13 never 13 without 13 only 13 another 13 being 13 until 13 does 13 dead 13 took 13 might 13 gallery 13 yet 12 that 's 12 kept 12 under 12 sequence 12 end 12 than 12 came 12 mind 12 seemed 12 yeah 12 has 12 turned 12 things 12 hands 12 each 12 i 'd 12 looked 12 across 12 while 11 set 11 behind 11 something 11 near 11 there 's 11 wall 11 good 11 last 11 against 11 far 11 think 11 old 11 carol 11 thought 11 always 11 thornton 's 11 party 11 picture 10 truck 10 show 10 series 10 little 10 away 10 say 10 look 10 big 10 else 10 why 10 road 10 now 10 beta 10 marvin 10 eye 10 during 10 photo 10 art 10 several 10 water 10 quite 10 i 'll 10 hole 10 dressed 10 drank 10 tell 9 even 9 he 's 9 neck 9 chair 9 actually 9 most 9 days 9 box 9 hell 9 hours 9 sky 9 maybe 9 rock 9 long 9 legs 9 smile 9 find 9 still 9 blood 9 deep 9 though 9 since 9 asked 9 drove 9 tried 9 enough 9 us 9 along 8 he 'd 8 area 8 those 8 image 8 kind 8 sure 8 money 8 died 8 make 8 inside 8 except 8 walls 8 lot 8 began 8 knew 8 director 8 nothing 8 everything 8 mine 8 black 8 darkness 8 caught 8 oh 8 every 8 home 8 couple 8 uncle 8 three 8 full 8 nice 8 you ' ve 8 between 8 put 8 pocket 8 myself 8 friend 8 called 8 found 8 take 8 cave 8 heavy 8 night 8 door 8 saw 7 can 7 roy 7 rose 7 table 7 met 7 dark 7 questions 7 you 're 7 next 7 clothes 7 other 7 what 's 7 is n't 7 rough 7 figure 7 field 7 fellow 7 place 7 caveman 7 certain 7 power 7 car 7 feet 7 life 7 stared 7 had n't 7 thick 7 opened 7 wilson 7 work 7 same 7 named 7 beer 7 within 7 shoulder 7 beneath 7 hominid 7 photographs 7 floor 7 renfro 's 7 anything 7 thing 7 first 6 going 6 gone 6 better 6 already 6 owner 6 boy 6 bad 6 late 6 we 'll 6 card 6 later 6 passed 6 just 6 piece 6 woman 6 gleamed 6 smoke 6 voice 6 part 6 fact 6 seen 6 probably 6 least 6 glass 6 sounded 6 hung 6 office 6 pleasure 6 seattle 6 hard 6 best 6 coming 6 such 6 flies 6 dirt 6 christmas 6 lay 6 above 6 flesh 6 told 6 interest 6 men 6 need 6 business 6 although 6 fingers 6 anyway 6 deeper 6 call 6 opening 6 buy 6 arm 6 family 6 own 6 getting 6 please 6 frame 6 sense 6 thinking 6 started 6 love 6 sell 6 thanks 6 half 6 let 6 skin 6 very 6 stars 6 stopped 6 felt 6 others 6 body 6 ever 6 appeared 6 lost 6 watched 6 shook 6 guy 6 served 6 could n't 6 laughed 6 small 6 game 6 ask 6 held 6 cigarette 6 jacob 's 6 either 6 purdon 6 side 6 times 5 dropped 5 matter 5 local 5 really 5 keep 5 happy 5 yellow 5 real 5 white 5 wonder 5 sleep 5 third 5 estate 5 bottom 5 fire 5 simple 5 hair 5 action 5 san 5 fast 5 picked 5 suggested 5 scream 5 someone 5 whole 5 needed 5 ceiling 5 parked 5 mountain 5 decided 5 fixed 5 skull 5 almost 5 everywhere 5 hanging 5 kitchen 5 hundred 5 carpet 5 nobody 5 okay 5 wanted 5 followed 5 leaned 5 hall 5 king 5 question 5 also 5 grable 5 amber 5 hills 5 teeth 5 filled 5 reason 5 despite 5 brain 5 trying 5 top 5 beard 5 front 5 earth 5 ants 5 drink 5 lady 5 whatever 5 basic 5 drive 5 cold 5 truly 5 happened 5 answer 5 grand 5 bones 5 feeling 5 double 5 among 5 photos 5 produced 5 became 5 handle 5 suit 5 sun 5 vacation 5 waste 5 whiskey 5 free 5 rich 5 friends 5 dinner 5 am 5 walking 5 garden 5 dust 5 fruit 5 yes 5 colony 5 dozen 5 nearly 5 impossible 5 read 5 once 5 scattered 5 walked 5 noticed 5 looking 5 name 5 weston 5 years 5 bought 5 clint 5 checked 5 high 4 issue 4 wait 4 wealthy 4 trouble 4 goddamned 4 ear 4 drunk 4 pear 4 arms 4 green 4 whenever 4 country 4 stained 4 research 4 eventually 4 nasty 4 wet 4 hutch 4 valley 4 doing 4 huge 4 tree 4 stuff 4 season 4 act 4 college 4 flashlight 4 provender 4 faster 4 beyond 4 pit 4 months 4 turn 4 iron 4 shit 4 ammon 's 4 notice 4 panpipe 4 great 4 pictures 4 brightened 4 suspected 4 following 4 definitely 4 shadows 4 obscure 4 motel 4 would ' ve 4 blown 4 sweet 4 information 4 winter 4 victim 4 cavern 4 pipe 4 fly 4 less 4 tall 4 stuck 4 toward 4 cast 4 m 4 ahead 4 likely 4 drinks 4 i ' ve 4 course 4 american 4 occurred 4 hurt 4 shep 4 forest 4 sex 4 news 4 meant 4 world 4 air 4 baby 4 ribs 4 windows 4 gravel 4 spike 4 camp 4 shot 4 especially 4 papers 4 cash 4 pain 4 shape 4 played 4 ancient 4 forth 4 north 4 human 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 phone 4 showed 4 bottle 4 throat 4 eaton 4 enlightenment 4 clouds 4 mean 4 stick 4 harm 4 returned 4 moved 4 perhaps 4 snow 4 shrugged 4 cracked 4 bit 4 tea 4 city 4 line 4 working 4 difficult 4 girl 4 might ' ve 4 bye 4 complete 4 below 4 speak 4 dented 4 contract 4 open 4 forty 4 talk 4 spanish 4 grass 4 reminded 4 happening 4 mirror 4 care 4 primitive 4 sensation 4 mexico 4 oil 4 aside 4 removed 4 gathered 4 helm 4 second 4 chrysler 4 egypt 4 recognized 4 however 4 trees 4 cover 4 seeped 4 problem 4 dry 4 francisco 4 sent 4 raised 4 spread 4 fulcher 's 4 taking 4 suppose 4 faces 4 single 4 faded 4 pulled 4 clarke 4 trip 4 pills 4 level 4 bored 4 nightmares 4 used 4 nor 4 press 4 believe 4 bubbles 4 familiar 4 does n't 4 low 4 collector 4 finally 4 try 4 fell 4 wore 4 russian 4 enjoy 4 club 4 extremely 4 organisms 4 town 4 simply 4 buried 4 require 4 crossed 4 brought 4 rear 4 revolver 4 remained 4 answers 3 gray 3 experts 3 wild 3 favor 3 address 3 favorite 3 farther 3 everyone 3 lies 3 sink 3 depths 3 fish 3 hear 3 breath 3 fresh 3 figured 3 return 3 viewed 3 serious 3 final 3 anymore 3 building 3 deal 3 vast 3 obvious 3 job 3 expression 3 year 's 3 considering 3 brow 3 cabinet 3 shut 3 mainly 3 habits 3 twisted 3 bookie 3 theodore 3 scotch 3 bills 3 earrings 3 monstrous 3 knife 3 crappy 3 exist 3 natural 3 tail 3 four 3 staggered 3 primordial 3 rolled 3 hippie 3 sea 3 dream 3 fat 3 wearing 3 lips 3 cheek 3 wrong 3 crap 3 damn 3 ripped 3 match 3 wow 3 bloody 3 metal 3 poured 3 conversation 3 radio 3 bed 3 medical 3 movie 3 soon 3 roads 3 theory 3 satisfy 3 smiled 3 living 3 prints 3 they 're 3 tray 3 d 3 slumped 3 difference 3 onto 3 intelligence 3 nose 3 wide 3 lying 3 bone 3 rubbed 3 calls 3 special 3 changed 3 anyone 3 forward 3 beat 3 material 3 ripe 3 roof 3 hat 3 sounds 3 ugly 3 sloppy 3 hooked 3 blind 3 park 3 state 3 bonk 3 plenty 3 tremendous 3 accent 3 unfortunately 3 devil 3 lately 3 circle 3 crowd 3 slept 3 grew 3 film 3 liquor 3 music 3 playing 3 flickered 3 lump 3 brush 3 missing 3 peculiar 3 somebody 3 laughing 3 aspirin 3 remove 3 disappeared 3 escape 3 buzzing 3 papa 3 paintings 3 gun 3 view 3 dwindling 3 discovered 3 straps 3 powerful 3 opinion 3 yacht 3 worse 3 broken 3 holes 3 so - called 3 beheld 3 accomplished 3 pool 3 stood 3 strange 3 beam 3 sank 3 hospital 3 early 3 form 3 give 3 bite 3 chief 3 mill 3 may 3 different 3 quonset 3 chin 's 3 hesitated 3 glare 3 walk 3 toppled 3 commune 3 hut 3 vicodin 3 tape 3 contemplated 3 retreated 3 pressure 3 loan 3 capitol 3 sound 3 sweater 3 fallen 3 mess 3 fear 3 realized 3 rise 3 packed 3 camera 3 chuckled 3 edge 3 guess 3 baron 3 mud 3 guys 3 band 3 use 3 pine 3 aladdin 3 safe 3 notion 3 texas 3 belly 3 whisper 3 spent 3 taste 3 effect 3 pop 3 abstract 3 obscured 3 thin 3 serve 3 lots 3 god 's 3 blossom 3 warped 3 worked 3 lonely 3 nature 3 guard 3 south 3 pleasures 3 maurice 3 barrel 3 asking 3 bunch 3 china 3 contact 3 should 3 poor 3 doors 3 lucky 3 person 3 sports 3 giant 3 center 3 bizarre 3 swiftly 3 red 3 support 3 trucks 3 happens 3 wood 3 recently 3 shep 's 3 pressed 3 post 3 war 3 journals 3 weak 3 brakes 3 staff 3 satisfied 3 anybody 3 nerves 3 blue 3 somewhere 3 32 3 roaches 3 moment 3 hermit 3 mescaline 3 pushed 3 spoke 3 visit 3 california 3 ping - pong 3 ages 3 bitch 3 blow 3 mass 3 animal 3 formed 3 wound 3 bait 3 lived 3 thoughts 3 everybody 3 distance 3 waved 3 collection 3 large 3 laughter 3 bulk 3 become 3 burned 3 history 3 seems 3 rest 3 pretended 3 shrilled 3 lead 3 heart 3 miles 3 images 3 ways 3 tones 3 army 3 silence 3 wish 3 weight 3 tough 3 anthropologists 3 pieces 3 finished 3 keys 3 bucks 3 institution 3 marbles 3 thousand 3 breakfast 3 rain 3 future 3 cause 3 exactly 3 eh 3 hook 3 sat 3 weeks 3 quality 3 vision 3 thus 3 similar 3 tracks 3 larger 3 chain 3 insect 3 parts 3 truth 3 parlor 3 secret 3 kill 3 women 3 pattern 3 path 3 swung 3 wooden 3 himself 3 ready 3 dreams 3 track 3 native 3 youth 3 knees 3 done 3 frequency 3 spring 3 empty 3 broad 3 unpleasant 3 exists 3 must ' ve 3 gloom 3 sign 3 change 3 tourist 3 point 3 avoiding 3 sort 3 former 3 sleet 3 school 3 window 3 purpose 3 headed 3 landed 3 joined 3 dome 3 correct 3 general 3 closer 3 cathedral 3 glance 3 desk 3 shirt 3 acting 3 helped 3 berens 3 short 3 unlike 3 paid 3 majority 3 glasses 3 stacks 3 fountain 3 live 3 appearance 2 descended 2 clambered 2 cowboys 2 declared 2 militia 2 fuck 2 trust 2 auger 2 bay 2 synthetic 2 exercise 2 screws 2 miracle 2 mild 2 fair 2 surfaces 2 share 2 death 2 enigmatic 2 resembled 2 wo n't 2 ran 2 stomped 2 lift 2 failed 2 marvelous 2 gutted 2 wash 2 roared 2 spend 2 photographer 2 fetched 2 dripped 2 grounds 2 drugs 2 climbing 2 flash 2 marines 2 evening 2 position 2 personal 2 rug 2 recognize 2 grad 2 student 2 horns 2 secrets 2 saint 2 referred 2 dragged 2 gentleman 2 driven 2 birth 2 both 2 illusion 2 icy 2 dug 2 motes 2 located 2 pass 2 rafters 2 mining 2 eating 2 squinted 2 gothic 2 object 2 profound 2 dumped 2 folks 2 casting 2 muscular 2 hot 2 horrible 2 self 2 tiger 2 enter 2 foreign 2 closely 2 expanded 2 sock 2 key 2 matching 2 foot 2 shaved 2 who 'd 2 ticking 2 replaced 2 hope 2 husband 2 capable 2 sport 2 2 2 pot 2 jake 2 humming 2 nope 2 sinking 2 taxes 2 cult 2 attend 2 morbid 2 artists 2 mixing 2 brochure 2 purchased 2 grille 2 routine 2 melted 2 worn 2 hill 2 shark 2 humid 2 shoot 2 umbrellas 2 snaked 2 trapped 2 expenses 2 popped 2 bare 2 orange 2 murmured 2 turning 2 silhouette 2 punch 2 vegas 2 implications 2 caf 2 laborers 2 clutched 2 damaged 2 quick 2 cigarettes 2 twilight 2 southern 2 blasting 2 seldom 2 craved 2 dirty 2 buying 2 delightful 2 wandered 2 dear 2 trail 2 understand 2 split 2 bug 2 letters 2 features 2 preferred 2 move 2 distinct 2 bartender 2 enormous 2 group 2 nerve 2 motion 2 clippings 2 angle 2 records 2 slurring 2 miss 2 scarcely 2 discern 2 continued 2 endless 2 strength 2 cells 2 ammo 2 sneer 2 narrow 2 sorry 2 data 2 million - million 2 suckling 2 corona 2 angles 2 interested 2 growing 2 ends 2 cups 2 span 2 repeat 2 amateur 2 pretty 2 sturdy 2 burst 2 entirely 2 flung 2 curved 2 thrusting 2 banged 2 boots 2 expensive 2 trembled 2 pawed 2 voices 2 loudly 2 s 2 leaning 2 father 2 antique 2 awful 2 traveling 2 hoped 2 warehouse 2 acquired 2 stung 2 compared 2 cap 2 mountainside 2 marks 2 pylons 2 eager 2 secretive 2 exquisitely 2 island 2 weeping 2 hoping 2 class 2 fuzzy 2 september 2 weekend 2 mountains 2 horn 2 relevant 2 smoothly 2 neither 2 shifted 2 knows 2 shrank 2 resumed 2 overripe 2 basket 2 patches 2 locals 2 drag 2 strong 2 frankly 2 marquee 2 calendar 2 quagmire 2 meet 2 presumed 2 making 2 billowing 2 west 2 roll 2 heard 2 listing 2 elbow 2 joke 2 file 2 scenery 2 pen 2 collapsed 2 paper 2 received 2 finding 2 washed 2 frightened 2 hit 2 uh 2 themselves 2 departed 2 middle 2 younger 2 calcified 2 impression 2 mines 2 regarded 2 squeezed 2 glacier 2 forced 2 disfigured 2 suspect 2 detected 2 undoubtedly 2 sighed 2 dig 2 positive 2 career 2 rapidly 2 terrific 2 display 2 viewer 2 docile 2 elephant 2 healthy 2 tribe 2 alley 2 demolished 2 consider 2 jaw 2 weapon 2 funny 2 design 2 lit 2 glanced 2 worried 2 concept 2 digging 2 shattered 2 blurred 2 term 2 drone 2 boys 2 reward 2 university 2 committed 2 entered 2 sucked 2 spoon 2 stabbed 2 movements 2 curve 2 disciple 2 bedroom 2 jolly 2 ball 2 sharp 2 carved 2 cab 2 wrestling 2 formations 2 dragging 2 divided 2 wider 2 r 2 flashed 2 traveled 2 military 2 gaze 2 smooth 2 vanished 2 possessed 2 lie 2 various 2 funeral 2 attached 2 glances 2 extraordinary 2 blocks 2 regard 2 corridor 2 casual 2 jesus 2 opium 2 reintegrate 2 number 2 surely 2 clicked 2 vault 2 helmet 2 proved 2 maw 2 slowly 2 drunken 2 discoloration 2 breaking 2 stranger 2 maroon 2 coat 2 crashed 2 aeons 2 connections 2 playboy 2 brows 2 galleries 2 collect 2 pink 2 standing 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 lizard 2 caused 2 peers 2 tequila 2 likes 2 rolling 2 anselm 's 2 misfortune 2 yard 2 comfortable 2 saddle 2 falling 2 fun 2 talent 2 afraid 2 abyss 2 dripping 2 locate 2 coiled 2 cell 2 closed 2 dying 2 reaction 2 notebook 2 element 2 buddy 2 apart 2 stretched 2 hotel 2 loosened 2 reptiles 2 alongside 2 infinitely 2 charm 2 switched 2 lamp 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 therapy 2 false 2 you 'd 2 grabbed 2 altering 2 crumbled 2 star 2 pointed 2 message 2 wicker 2 nodded 2 softly 2 greasy 2 sudden 2 cronies 2 bullshit 2 bastard 2 learned 2 awakened 2 obviously 2 previous 2 imagine 2 studied 2 figures 2 lights 2 curses 2 slackened 2 ended 2 tumblers 2 keeping 2 jungle 2 stretch 2 swam 2 acquisition 2 crucifixes 2 police 2 jagged 2 stanley 2 coats 2 killing 2 plane 2 seek 2 hung - over 2 reaches 2 smiling 2 watch 2 sliced 2 harvest 2 yourself 2 atop 2 stare 2 perception 2 glistened 2 automatically 2 sputtered 2 houses 2 outside 2 performed 2 cultists 2 maggots 2 enduring 2 lunch 2 slipped 2 spiral 2 threw 2 glimpsed 2 important 2 players 2 wondered 2 british 2 slab 2 plowed 2 patted 2 inherited 2 fortunately 2 grip 2 let 's 2 tourists 2 created 2 portion 2 hoax 2 pants 2 wrote 2 hardpan 2 bread 2 cape 2 comprehend 2 painted 2 encompassed 2 symbols 2 escort 2 cramped 2 steel 2 portfolio 2 details 2 victorian 2 clip 2 mask 2 jumpsuit 2 blinked 2 dog 2 whatnot 2 bundle 2 shared 2 bathroom 2 gestured 2 ears 2 paused 2 slope 2 connection 2 listening 2 closest 2 pig 2 wished 2 climbed 2 honey 2 beast 2 sour 2 cycle 2 recording 2 bowl 2 pains 2 rotten 2 clean 2 main 2 morning 2 discussing 2 mail 2 saved 2 effects 2 roots 2 date 2 rubber 2 martin 2 system 2 loomed 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 debris 2 brand 2 cattle 2 retrieved 2 clicking 2 shuddered 2 rank 2 redhead 2 cr 2 study 2 shirts 2 therein 2 places 2 bucket 2 ago 2 silver 2 haze 2 we 're 2 surface 2 slip 2 walla 2 together 2 pumping 2 girls 2 battered 2 associates 2 goods 2 cheap 2 english 2 beads 2 poncho 2 station 2 crawled 2 grin 2 crows 2 impact 2 contents 2 signs 2 added 2 hog 2 glazed 2 decent 2 grab 2 pamphlets 2 thorough 2 catalyst 2 spine 2 hunt 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 shove 2 cherry 2 recognition 2 aware 2 plate 2 shined 2 forgot 2 juice 2 recruits 2 cockroaches 2 talked 2 bound 2 shackles 2 leg 2 fall 2 masons 2 latin 2 service 2 whether 2 6 2 wisdom 2 peeled 2 milled 2 attention 2 minor 2 cartoons 2 towel 2 prowled 2 searched 2 efficient 2 metallic 2 doubt 2 block 2 bird 2 shots 2 handiwork 2 kid 2 year 2 shadow 2 sprawled 2 muscles 2 moist 2 foul 2 hello 2 knocked 2 forged 2 swelled 2 tore 2 nonetheless 2 usually 2 clever 2 sweat 2 numbers 2 warm 2 traffic 2 olympic 2 stuffed 2 bringing 2 hunting 2 brood 2 slick 2 owed 2 robespierre 2 ring 2 steam 2 disturbing 2 tired 2 knuckles 2 authenticity 2 due 2 horizon 2 amusing 2 cop 2 unsafe 2 hugo 2 photos ' 2 uncle 's 2 cloth 2 satan 2 worship 2 flowed 2 nails 2 worms 2 push 2 fascinated 2 changes 2 revolving 2 believed 2 branches 2 requisite 2 evolution 2 loose 2 dangled 2 doubled 2 born 2 coke 2 aspects 2 fragile 2 royal 2 spot 2 ass 2 smelled 2 duties 2 broke 2 shower 2 longevity 2 hollywood 2 stripped 2 expert 2 ruts 2 reeked 2 collar 2 haggard 2 hinted 2 kidding 2 problems 2 lowered 2 screwdriver 2 must 2 cavity 2 companies 2 drew 2 sale 2 upper 2 backward 2 dogs 2 touch 2 written 2 limited 2 grinning 2 ravine 2 alive 2 suffered 2 fossilized 2 wants 2 cosmic 2 jellyfish 2 dope 2 weird 2 pale 2 norwegian 2 tiny 2 vehicle 2 trio 2 scalp 2 wasted 2 blew 2 newspapers 2 wife 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 complicated 2 slightly 2 mother 2 pinky 2 absorbed 2 antechamber 2 muddy 2 survival 2 nightmare 2 true 2 shepherds 2 background 2 looks 2 tickets 2 tarps 2 swallowed 2 jolt 2 remote 2 goodbye 2 fashion 2 quickly 2 otherwise 2 desire 2 should ' ve 2 moving 2 solid 2 creepy 2 further 2 mounted 2 happily 2 are n't 2 scribbled 2 newspaper 2 glowed 2 brushed 2 objects 2 names 2 adjusted 2 crowded 2 forehead 2 pull 2 penned 2 briefly 2 watered 2 instead 2 exposed 2 pith 2 belongings 2 poppies 2 glow 2 fifty 2 refrigerator 2 eccentric 2 headlights 2 dingy 2 screams 2 flabby 2 frigid 2 lose 2 buckles 2 turns 2 goat 2 cursed 2 mil 2 champagne 2 stepping 2 prospect 2 successful 2 present 2 headpiece 2 homely 2 shrieked 2 amid 2 ate 2 ghostly 2 flare 2 photography 2 driving 2 discarded 2 exploits 2 century 2 viewing 2 resort 2 ultimate 2 list 2 leave 2 massive 2 core 2 specialist 2 invisible 2 street 2 raise 2 gotten 2 modern 2 lines 2 gold 2 glinted 2 favored 2 humans 2 cigars 2 statues 2 oozed 2 eighteen 2 loyal 2 sides 2 philosophy 2 visitors 2 ride 2 claims 2 huh 2 branched 2 instincts 2 brown 2 folk 2 shake 2 quarter 2 informed 2 stupid 2 slithered 2 seriously 2 structure 1 sodium 1 proven 1 anesthetized 1 ooh 1 calm 1 redux 1 taken 1 sole 1 coal 1 london 1 sod 1 gratification 1 load 1 campfire 1 boxers 1 rigid 1 belonged 1 inevitability 1 counted 1 medicine 1 shown 1 threshold 1 descend 1 cylinder 1 sedan 1 wildcatter 1 supernatural 1 interview 1 civility 1 steadily 1 super 1 longest 1 seeing 1 poking 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 arc 1 helps 1 flattened 1 theatre 1 naturalist 1 interesting 1 project 1 passin ' 1 cool 1 stranding 1 hats 1 sheets 1 dent 1 gymnasiums 1 endings 1 museums 1 8 1 slung 1 giving 1 meteoric 1 america 's 1 quaking 1 frenetic 1 tables 1 iota 1 toothache 1 invited 1 owned 1 tinted 1 wobbled 1 brutish 1 importance 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 cocooned 1 identify 1 divine 1 guest 1 treated 1 source 1 splitting 1 dwells 1 befalling 1 squatted 1 troglodyte 1 sweating 1 musk 1 puckered 1 separating 1 sensed 1 telescoping 1 cassette 1 lacrosse 1 item 1 teeny 1 spheres 1 intimates 1 1 1 whom 1 hairs 1 sufficient 1 casts 1 debts 1 wheel 1 stubbed 1 finish 1 strobes 1 affecting 1 danced 1 juans 1 r - t 1 attendant 1 p 1 gather 1 blue - collar 1 antenna 1 curiously 1 stone 1 elation 1 rocks 1 precious 1 heaped 1 unwashed 1 overexposed 1 poof 1 burr 1 astrological 1 feeding 1 surprise 1 matted 1 breeding 1 la 1 shitty 1 semblance 1 1981 1 ghost 1 knowledge 1 seedy 1 saying 1 microwave 1 album 1 mound 1 um 1 attractive 1 tightly 1 stains 1 alpha 's 1 appetites 1 latter 1 specters 1 bartender 's 1 fold 1 degenerate 1 pile 1 champion 1 neglecting 1 dragons 1 plantations 1 sees 1 pelts 1 black - mouthed 1 redoubled 1 waitress 1 counseling 1 slicked 1 zealots 1 milk 1 dipped 1 sweaty 1 lsd 1 partner 1 pulse 1 multicolored 1 radical 1 spectators 1 delay 1 domed 1 smacking 1 luggage 1 reflection 1 seconds 1 eagerness 1 ravish 1 radiated 1 navel 1 amphitheater 1 jig 1 chronicle 1 tapestry 1 wire 1 streak 1 smacked 1 gangly 1 agent 1 crocker 1 coliseums 1 skirted 1 marys 1 boils 1 spiffy 1 olive - bearded 1 globetrotting 1 taj 1 speculate 1 invented 1 rummaged 1 rancher 1 investigator 's 1 scrutinized 1 sheraton 1 bring 1 religion 1 moth - eaten 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 laws 1 misses 1 perfect 1 headshots 1 highest - caliber 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 appreciate 1 flew 1 sardonic 1 sailor 1 blocked 1 overcome 1 oyster 1 55 1 unload 1 male 1 shady 1 witnessed 1 lest 1 earn 1 afro 1 hedonism 1 prior 1 seaplane 1 religions 1 blessings 1 unimaginable 1 sloshed 1 rust - stained 1 plotted 1 regular 1 uranium 1 stealing 1 trays 1 erotic 1 ache 1 creation 1 relief 1 chorus 1 credence 1 thumbs 1 persisted 1 millennia 1 ambit 1 shepherd 1 significantly 1 cor 1 fondling 1 pomade 1 surviving 1 variances 1 ambled 1 physician - prescribed 1 sticks 1 existence 1 titillation 1 heretical 1 rhythmic 1 puffs 1 bingo 1 figurine 1 adapt 1 register 1 reflections 1 ourselves 1 humanity 's 1 dish 1 sorted 1 geological 1 poles 1 canted 1 caption 1 crutches 1 deep - fried 1 coughing 1 spasms 1 plucked 1 debutante 1 bisect 1 chased 1 accused 1 palmed 1 underwent 1 clamped 1 blur 1 occasion 1 ashes 1 splintered 1 streets 1 haunted 1 edges 1 afford 1 mud - splattered 1 twitch 1 expand 1 jones 1 knockoffs 1 pandora 1 patently 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 paranormal 1 revealing 1 elsewhere 1 bows 1 typhoons 1 threat 1 restaurant 1 grateful 1 soldered 1 rather 1 amused 1 white - tuxedoed 1 consorted 1 plantation 1 cute 1 shortening 1 age 1 scrawny 1 infinite 1 volume 1 bowie 1 tapioca 1 smell 1 draft 1 distorted 1 symbolic 1 landscape 1 warbles 1 feigned 1 bottles 1 save 1 experiences 1 christian 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 prime 1 comets 1 stubble 1 deported 1 usual 1 ecstatic 1 funnel 1 gas 1 artfully 1 boilermakers 1 salted 1 postcards 1 piling 1 reverberated 1 hangers 1 fret 1 pappy 1 doorway 1 half - realized 1 funding 1 barbed 1 symphony 1 arcs 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 poised 1 booze 1 thursday 1 dogfight 1 emptied 1 choppy 1 disappearing 1 crystal 1 dog - eared 1 literati 1 sating 1 meat 1 graceful 1 hungry 1 bing 1 absorb 1 bruised 1 experience 1 terrified 1 preferring 1 taliban 1 lane 1 represented 1 doubted 1 contacting 1 loans 1 previously 1 plastic 1 broadened 1 wine 1 inherit 1 perched 1 ponies 1 heavyweight 1 spurted 1 luck 1 handkerchief 1 furniture 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 mastering 1 featured 1 reared 1 hurtling 1 theatrically 1 bullet - raddled 1 graduate 1 enjoys 1 shimmered 1 mucking 1 coils 1 amble 1 runaround 1 smoking 1 funky 1 fling 1 tuned 1 spade - shaped 1 ruthless 1 indication 1 viscid 1 cyst 1 apocalyptic 1 habitat 1 steak 1 pi 1 flourish 1 million - dollar 1 genes 1 riviera 1 dick 1 frisco 1 switchbacks 1 causing 1 jiggled 1 player 1 clarke 's 1 popping 1 jealous 1 assembled 1 conceal 1 lacks 1 coffee 1 atmosphere 1 swimming 1 surprised 1 doors ' 1 goodwill 1 gravity 1 amiable 1 elderly 1 church 1 banker 's 1 shacks 1 advocate 1 corridors 1 midmorning 1 monson 1 proprietary 1 planned 1 bashed 1 throw 1 coax 1 freed 1 fidel 1 munificence 1 supreme 1 collegiate 1 lacking 1 how 's 1 pulsed 1 shards 1 gorge 1 betting 1 close - up 1 withered 1 waned 1 ticktock 1 surpassing 1 imported 1 warming 1 seized 1 brutality 1 dreaming 1 software 1 gouges 1 league 1 dare 1 misstep 1 possibility 1 fireworks 1 outset 1 molten 1 flexibility 1 kiosk 1 catered 1 damned 1 shopping 1 climb 1 laundering 1 conservative 1 mansion 's 1 mounds 1 saw - teeth 1 account 1 purchase 1 endorphins 1 running 1 championship 1 alone 1 chills 1 man 's 1 hostile 1 reservation 1 purged 1 clashing 1 complaining 1 phantom 1 lotto 1 escaped 1 gulf 1 quicksilver 1 refused 1 metaphysical 1 gestating 1 alcoholism 1 osmosis 1 begun 1 turtleneck 1 aqueous 1 proxy 1 crone 's 1 corresponded 1 rickety 1 compose 1 tetons 1 original 1 brainwashing 1 score 1 slew 1 sec 1 brick 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 chunk 1 rod 1 writhing 1 embedded 1 venerable 1 possible 1 three - hit 1 shaken 1 crick 1 tune 1 longhorns 1 blimps 1 competent 1 mildew 1 members 1 woodwork 1 mid - bloom 1 containing 1 skylines 1 prodded 1 provincial 1 lewis 1 specimen 1 export 1 blundering 1 where 's 1 chicken 1 southwestern 1 quash 1 biological 1 monologue 1 backside 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 brat 1 kerosene 1 framed 1 private - collector 1 golgotha 1 engaged 1 porsches 1 proportions 1 periodically 1 flute 1 grafting 1 dice 1 fortunate 1 cresting 1 harder 1 farmhouse 1 inches 1 biting 1 mouths 1 malls 1 ai n't 1 brokers 1 tastes 1 appealing 1 determined 1 rounding 1 overly 1 union 1 intestines 1 goes 1 velocity 1 personally 1 intellect 1 accessed 1 buildings 1 cavern 's 1 redding 1 decrepit 1 teutonic 1 superior 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 nineteenth 1 waistband 1 queasy 1 scrutiny 1 dropping 1 dislike 1 too - bright 1 centerpiece 1 sycophants 1 vomiting 1 origin 1 tiffany 1 bosch 1 sated 1 guardrail 1 urged 1 unresponsive 1 solar 1 reliable 1 undecided 1 handprint 1 brethren 1 fulfill 1 sullen 1 borneo 1 el 1 department 1 bachelor 1 90 1 guiding 1 overseer 1 fragmented 1 violence 1 envelope 1 surgeon 1 chemist 1 proprietor 1 intelligible 1 supplies 1 bleating 1 newton 's 1 digested 1 traditional 1 scolded 1 follow 1 effort 1 gleeful 1 two - ton 1 mediocrity 1 zero 1 unwholesome 1 concentration 1 neat 1 crunched 1 chasing 1 attracted 1 transcends 1 onion 1 impotent 1 tank 1 proceeded 1 copy 1 smudges 1 order 1 permed 1 waterfront 1 prize 1 dusky 1 ignored 1 northeast 1 whip - thin 1 orient 1 concealed 1 muzzy 1 hiked 1 procession 1 fan 1 platoon 1 double - breasted 1 versions 1 tabloids 1 singles 1 vanity 1 draining 1 unease 1 margarita 1 vertebrate 1 riddled 1 savings 1 gigantic 1 permitted 1 surly 1 hopefully 1 frieze 1 stumbled 1 chest 1 half - buried 1 teenage 1 paleolithic 1 stoned 1 pauper 1 mush 1 ghastly 1 sheep 1 rudolph 1 congregated 1 centauri 1 screwing 1 customers 1 wave 1 tracers 1 eternal 1 herself 1 takes 1 indigestion 1 oilskin 1 moons 1 bric - a - brac 1 gibbering 1 satiation 1 child 1 grown 1 puget 1 flaking 1 vietnam 1 tracts 1 subtly 1 telling 1 lunatics 1 topographical 1 composite 1 unfolded 1 fissure 1 steep 1 phones 1 malt 1 cooled 1 woven 1 mum 1 send 1 well - trammeled 1 dorm 1 pal 1 civilian 1 rattled 1 discordant 1 prospects 1 afghanistan 's 1 saver 1 messy 1 conclusion 1 characters 1 nobles 1 plainly 1 illuminated 1 mule 1 examples 1 deemed 1 leisurely 1 finger 1 pastel 1 forty - five 1 drawing 1 halt 1 forked 1 seated 1 start 1 partied 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 patriotic 1 diorama 1 demanded 1 wetting 1 juicy 1 fields 1 geology 1 club - hopping 1 jutted 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 leftist 1 auctioned 1 begins 1 hors 1 mastodon 1 brambles 1 generally 1 busted 1 sweated 1 ruefully 1 elder 1 distract 1 crept 1 shed 1 picky 1 epic 1 grimy 1 folder 1 punishment 1 splashing 1 palms 1 gin 1 smithereens 1 wreaking 1 sober 1 eight 1 voracious 1 cynicism 1 technological 1 man - sized 1 pillars 1 natives 1 helens 1 irony 1 nuts 1 freely 1 welcome 1 detour 1 panned 1 bugs 1 velvet 1 ten 1 meets 1 hutchinson 1 monuments 1 sake 1 method 1 electrolytes 1 adolescent 1 caltrops 1 lamplight 1 define 1 overjoyed 1 businessman 1 repulsed 1 subjects 1 tanked 1 amazing 1 argot 1 groups 1 eagle 1 chattered 1 panhandle 1 regarding 1 song 1 accelerator 1 authorities 1 cleft 1 utopian 1 detailed 1 overflowing 1 conculcated 1 sipping 1 gallery 's 1 desert 1 stop 1 3 1 decades ' 1 waist 1 bmw 1 marv 1 equipped 1 wallet 1 calf 1 flourishing 1 winking 1 grease 1 insistent 1 bargain 1 printing 1 shapes 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 labeled 1 yawned 1 hispanic 1 footing 1 procedure 1 survived 1 eyelid 1 fa 1 alcoholic 1 clinched 1 confident 1 76 1 hosts 1 braced 1 shotgun 1 lifetime 1 insisted 1 unmarked 1 inconclusive 1 forestall 1 tupperware 1 drug 1 penal 1 archway 1 brace 1 starring 1 begged 1 teetered 1 rim 1 documentaries 1 means 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 quicksand 1 screaming 1 thoroughly 1 snared 1 recall 1 weighing 1 sway 1 caked 1 reasonable 1 damocles ' 1 slimy 1 almighty 1 bible 1 palaces 1 saigon 1 paths 1 flowering 1 pasture 1 sidewalks 1 shaker 1 master 1 matches 1 scalpel 1 camps 1 traced 1 vanishing 1 campus 1 canvas - top 1 museum 1 libertine 1 convinced 1 torpid 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 registered 1 bell 1 coral 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 mottled 1 welders 1 teat 1 taint 1 ladder 1 maze 1 fixated 1 toad 1 carotid 1 senior 1 hacks 1 limping 1 behavior 1 spooled 1 dislocation 1 arts 1 pet 1 increasing 1 disgorged 1 harbored 1 chairs 1 duke 1 flank 1 awoke 1 sculpture 1 mallet 1 grittier 1 depending 1 vodka 1 casually 1 feeble 1 insects 1 ticks 1 behold 1 feast 1 ink 1 receiver 1 rainier 1 tasted 1 reefs 1 creaked 1 bluebottle 1 wig 1 disintegrated 1 smash 1 bellow 1 prestigious 1 backsliding 1 gotcha 1 tighter 1 scottish 1 notes 1 calculating 1 mechanically 1 five - piece 1 bid 1 ditched 1 slice 1 instruments 1 deserted 1 phlegmy 1 hurricane 1 value 1 duty 1 contain 1 wheedled 1 twelve 1 wreathed 1 fate 1 pickups 1 crucifix 1 bus 1 rainy 1 rogue 1 v - neck 1 descriptions 1 spreading 1 company 1 invitation 1 gray - haired 1 cheeks 1 blab 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 leathery 1 familiarity 1 burning 1 corkscrew 1 passing 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 choose 1 carcass 1 leaving 1 chewed 1 batten 1 mob 1 transformation 1 schedule 1 fabric 1 applied 1 antlers 1 arrangement 1 scuffed 1 ragged 1 eat 1 function 1 liked 1 looped 1 propaganda 1 mist 1 handed 1 receptionist 1 crew 1 hitting 1 ones 1 financial 1 wake 1 resurfaced 1 whale 1 sleight 1 cultural 1 certainly 1 plays 1 ceilings 1 fluidity 1 habit 1 antiseptic 1 failing 1 location 1 excavated 1 carefully 1 woods 1 engine 1 tomorrow 1 hiding 1 society 1 label 1 cancel 1 busy 1 cautious 1 wives 1 needs 1 recessions 1 focus 1 begin 1 mechanic 1 tiptoes 1 profit 1 teens 1 mortician 1 superstructures 1 howling 1 kinds 1 ade 1 resources 1 shorter 1 barely 1 journeyman 1 dough 1 smoldering 1 easel 1 sharks 1 discuss 1 struck 1 jittery 1 addict 1 chirping 1 congregations 1 cluttered 1 steady 1 necessarily 1 settled 1 meanness 1 compensation 1 razor 1 merry 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 khakis 1 accurate 1 guests 1 swipe 1 farmer 's 1 thumb 1 butcher 's 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 liberal 1 joggers 1 rails 1 trudging 1 salt 1 cobble 1 unnerve 1 multimillionaire 1 bra 1 pregnant 1 ant 1 careened 1 paneling 1 devoted 1 stop - motion 1 befell 1 sleek 1 could ' ve 1 enthusiasts 1 destruction 1 cecil 1 shrewd - eyed 1 fond 1 pits 1 break 1 steamed 1 glove 1 hackles 1 twitching 1 shone 1 lower 1 oversized 1 stockings 1 lipstick 1 specific 1 castro 1 pups 1 uglier 1 demons 1 interests 1 enemies 1 betty 1 occupant 1 toiletries 1 hurting 1 ridges 1 deputy 1 phonebook 1 planted 1 kids 1 eruption 1 doll - smooth 1 fractures 1 muttered 1 parents 1 fieldstone 1 speckled 1 worthy 1 prophets 1 drover 's 1 investigator 1 messiah 1 quit 1 toilet 1 temerity 1 swarmed 1 visiting 1 sporting 1 petrified 1 faux 1 aggressive 1 seventy - five 1 kibosh 1 diesel 1 g 1 hero 1 northwest 1 uninitiated 1 formation 1 deposited 1 sit 1 excruciating 1 opal 1 occupy 1 oiled 1 stir 1 boating 1 teams 1 concrete - hard 1 leaked 1 orchestrated 1 manner 1 finer 1 transform 1 launch 1 sticker 1 curb 1 sprinkled 1 fractured 1 bunched 1 merged 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 gurgling 1 soft 1 economy 1 acres 1 havoc 1 drifts 1 dated 1 culture 1 genetic 1 exploding 1 have n't 1 alkaline 1 underbelly 1 aches 1 dean 1 halted 1 crazy 1 mad 1 enamel 1 suckers 1 buckled 1 encased 1 reports 1 choice 1 mercedes 1 insufficient 1 laid 1 pioneers 1 pimp 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 guttural 1 silhouetted 1 patina 1 desolate 1 recent 1 harbor 1 clan 's 1 migraine 1 worth 1 crosby 1 concentrated 1 decompose 1 possibilities 1 bolt 1 devils 1 gaped 1 frosty 1 caress 1 cellular 1 bikers 1 powerless 1 abstracted 1 faith 1 phoned 1 doughnuts 1 linked 1 collided 1 borrowed 1 arm - breaker 1 applause 1 rolltop 1 approaching 1 directed 1 diversion 1 passions 1 obsessed 1 capability 1 eighty - proof 1 garbled 1 screwed 1 silken 1 oblique 1 fixation 1 plunged 1 emergency 1 marker 1 risks 1 prominent 1 customary 1 earl 1 encourages 1 santa 1 penlight 1 cymbals 1 trade 1 snapshots 1 ideal 1 cops 1 visitor 's 1 candlestick 1 addiction 1 arrhythmic 1 prick 1 regrouped 1 biker 1 cunning 1 practiced 1 tailor 1 subconscious 1 sawed 1 subsistence 1 executive 1 seed 1 savagery 1 socialites 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lain 1 examined 1 pried 1 gagged 1 lanky 1 wilted 1 vanish 1 obsession 1 battalion 1 sneaking 1 contemporaries 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 decorated 1 pithed 1 disbanded 1 hippodromes 1 olive - black 1 copper 1 lamps 1 drawl 1 pretenses 1 holidays 1 depression 1 trained 1 designate 1 bridges 1 hers 1 surreal 1 radiate 1 rites 1 caltech 1 superhighway 1 sympathetic 1 squelched 1 relieved 1 athletic 1 enact 1 ah 1 limbo 1 veins 1 curling 1 rearing 1 motoring 1 wintry 1 impulse 1 terrier 1 emphysema 1 soar 1 wires 1 sickles 1 romp 1 strictest 1 attempted 1 surveyed 1 hobby 1 byzantine 1 crimson 1 dulling 1 crane 1 whitebread 1 managed 1 caligula 1 inhabited 1 mastiffs 1 davidson 1 examines 1 exploded 1 lumpish 1 farmland 1 kindly 1 fleet 1 lecturer 1 nfc 1 300 1 numbed 1 event 1 kool - aid 1 imposing 1 bravo 1 scale 1 guerillas 1 balsa - thin 1 stevens 1 pollen 1 unequal 1 unobstructed 1 lumber 1 nasal 1 interrogation 1 glutting 1 sockets 1 ruin 1 included 1 ponderous 1 tapestries 1 bucked 1 blackened 1 receding 1 hefty 1 muscling 1 uncomfortable 1 shrouded 1 ballcap 1 reengaged 1 dabble 1 straighten 1 sociological 1 marlin 1 bled 1 lied 1 completes 1 pyramids 1 related 1 sauntered 1 quest 1 federal 1 sheriff 's 1 mt 1 environmentalism 1 wrenching 1 spiders 1 pungent 1 polynesian 1 induce 1 rangy 1 untrained 1 albeit 1 raptor 1 grainy 1 gears 1 well - fed 1 statuary 1 pay 1 damp 1 fielding 1 high - society 1 blue - white 1 picnic 1 receive 1 tension 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 piranhas 1 fund 1 subjected 1 gimmick 1 ignoring 1 cut 1 stoic 1 heiress 1 clattering 1 sloughed 1 stateside 1 evidence 1 chatty 1 precisely 1 rush 1 stank 1 incomprehensible 1 basically 1 stronger 1 conceive 1 windshield 1 worldwide 1 beating 1 bother 1 critic 1 deciphered 1 educated 1 d'art 1 authentic 1 claus 1 uw 1 suite 1 iron - haired 1 french 1 surprises 1 terrain 1 rural 1 beetles 1 scratchy 1 illuminate 1 nut 1 favors 1 safer 1 arches 1 royalty 1 page 1 shutdown 1 pockets 1 wrapper 1 genetically 1 envisioned 1 timers 1 woof 1 somebody 's 1 musty 1 logically 1 anonymous 1 socket 1 uses 1 pantaloons 1 degree 1 slowness 1 wasteland 1 ws 1 regularly 1 dangerous 1 apply 1 peach 1 evil 1 uncapped 1 suffocation 1 poetry 1 toothy 1 swift 1 example 1 infomercial 1 exception 1 catch 1 decades 1 shrinks 1 edification 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 clerk 1 tenfold 1 separates 1 adjusting 1 gaps 1 majored 1 rotate 1 topless 1 computer 1 dealt 1 convulsive 1 exhibition 1 punching 1 sawed - off 1 dubious 1 christ 1 mustard 1 instantly 1 vulpine 1 riddles 1 photographed 1 routinely 1 son 1 titties 1 personality 1 spark 1 twice 1 u 1 chinese 1 framework 1 geometry 1 internet 1 eyed 1 bulged 1 sanity 1 stitched 1 cabinets 1 grinding 1 predictable 1 midnight 1 imperative 1 indeterminate 1 primate 1 magnificently 1 aha 1 victimized 1 tossed 1 reflex 1 quavered 1 avuncular 1 nine 1 lowbrow 1 rearranging 1 counterculture 1 marred 1 shuffling 1 wasp 1 o 1 daddy 1 scudded 1 string 1 gelatinous 1 animated 1 happier 1 prot 1 auction 1 rides 1 dozens 1 inquisition 1 limitless 1 pages 1 achieve 1 lover 's 1 entitled 1 cuts 1 uttered 1 politely 1 renaissance 1 swirl 1 lightning 1 tin 1 pottery 1 australian - style 1 useful 1 oysters 1 metronome 1 winked 1 immigrants 1 updated 1 flower 1 dixie - loving 1 failed - athlete 1 self - help 1 frown 1 ordained 1 muffled 1 boxes 1 drooled 1 pushing 1 shovel 1 scholars 1 continue 1 apish 1 sufficiently 1 shooting 1 reigning 1 library 1 words 1 ample 1 corsair 1 sealed 1 shallow 1 spokane 1 mahogany 1 confounded 1 citizen 1 files 1 delinquency 1 curtain 1 confronted 1 solidified 1 temperature 1 drawer 1 crystallized 1 panels 1 porch 1 shiny 1 dried 1 hades 1 forces 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 capped 1 distant 1 achromatic 1 charge 1 suspended 1 events 1 rusty 1 windowless 1 streaked 1 once - over 1 leon 1 lank 1 threatened 1 expertly 1 periodic 1 march 1 o'keefe 1 earthquakes 1 drip 1 youthful 1 replace 1 johns 1 feral 1 ice 1 fitful 1 king - sized 1 scavenger 1 fool 1 poleax 1 40s 1 consuming 1 thick - jowled 1 yellow - brown 1 softened 1 taps 1 flower 's 1 carol 's 1 circumvention 1 sneezing 1 searching 1 scorpions 1 owns 1 scars 1 viking 1 mumbo - jumbo 1 idiot 1 life - size 1 surveillance 1 hoarse 1 halo 1 stinger 1 indemnity 1 accompany 1 abhorred 1 steaming 1 planets 1 nearby 1 bet 1 range 1 retirement 1 mmon 1 portuguese 1 planet 1 grinned 1 root 1 particularly 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 organs 1 stay 1 tolerated 1 tongue - flicks 1 revelers 1 apartment 1 perspective 1 kiss 1 gain 1 knack 1 priests 1 kindling 1 forget 1 henchman 1 comprised 1 millionaires 1 expedition 1 clapped 1 help 1 competition 1 slurred 1 combined 1 attire 1 cosmology 1 chuck 1 consciousness 1 play 1 winning 1 4 1 bulge 1 swill 1 cruel 1 thinks 1 orbited 1 humanoid 1 migrate 1 beats 1 modest 1 tombstone 1 terminus 1 massed 1 wanton 1 cable 1 self - prescribed 1 disgruntled 1 chunky 1 fatherly 1 rags 1 cozy 1 restorative 1 horde 1 custom 1 charges 1 widened 1 pursuits 1 sore 1 prince 1 dancing 1 seal 1 hunching 1 smoky 1 ol ' 1 choked 1 101 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 churned 1 elbows 1 nonexistent 1 guts 1 outward 1 birds 1 crow - hopped 1 placed 1 presence 1 fabrication 1 wriggled 1 jupiter 's 1 resonance 1 girth 1 thank 1 trigger 1 zombies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 walnuts 1 cow 1 picking 1 classy 1 perpetrate 1 naked 1 note 1 rumors 1 regardless 1 odors 1 race 1 bishops 1 tub 1 partially 1 checkerboard 1 crags 1 afternoon 1 mekong 1 abeyance 1 doubtless 1 artwork 1 thurston 1 sludge 1 epochs 1 readily 1 occur 1 bone - through - the - nose 1 professional 1 amount 1 gristle 1 entrepreneur 1 excuse 1 helix 1 knelt 1 confirmed 1 anaconda 1 flown 1 toying 1 banners 1 whacko 1 mentor 1 assistant 1 occasionally 1 celebrity 1 recluse 1 cloaked 1 corpulent 1 who - the - hell - ever 1 ajar 1 mewled 1 promised 1 holy 1 martinis 1 compounds 1 clanking 1 artist 1 tack 1 intervals 1 selected 1 rhyme 1 bottleneck 1 trickled 1 spider 1 conspiring 1 bar 1 four - door 1 fine 1 archeology 1 pace 1 thug 1 snuffed 1 taught 1 cue 1 vietnamese 1 frequently 1 boot 1 cobwebs 1 hide 1 waking 1 pharmaceuticals 1 schlep 1 flannel 1 men 's 1 artifact 1 bookcase 1 trailed 1 waiting 1 drums 1 sweeping 1 properly 1 screened 1 caldera 1 meanwhile 1 ornaments 1 index 1 chunks 1 hijinks 1 butterfly 1 safari 1 pouring 1 rome 1 horse 1 inestimable 1 rainforests 1 known 1 gig 1 majesty 1 delights 1 peek 1 word 1 shark 's 1 big - shot 1 amassed 1 spiritualists 1 ham 1 northernmost 1 ceramic 1 tapped 1 debunked 1 trench 1 loaned 1 aimed 1 merging 1 splice 1 wrinkled 1 impoverished 1 ambiguous 1 freezing 1 samaritan 1 bluebloods 1 immersion 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 stonewalled 1 crooked 1 curled 1 certifiable 1 clusters 1 knee 1 rage 1 plutonium 1 antiquity 1 shout 1 digital 1 sobs 1 basalt 1 sonofabitch 1 watery 1 ankles 1 crater 1 wonderful 1 counterpoint 1 monumental 1 emotion 1 ceremonial 1 alarm 's 1 basketball 1 olympia 1 doorman 's 1 jigsaw 1 adulation 1 nose - dived 1 slumbering 1 yelm 1 piecemeal 1 clamps 1 quaked 1 jarring 1 thankfully 1 cup 1 allure 1 per 1 immortality 1 process 1 collecting 1 boyfriend 1 palm - sized 1 smitten 1 families 1 angled 1 chimney 1 doorstep 1 young 1 thankful 1 trials 1 dignitaries 1 spiked 1 physical 1 indictment 1 sponge 1 tale 1 margin 1 wiped 1 program 1 shouldered 1 pound 1 teenagers 1 filing 1 feather 1 57 1 pertinent 1 mummy 1 primed 1 bore 1 sluice 1 cameraman 1 plants 1 migraines 1 ladylike 1 exotic 1 veneer 1 humbly 1 gargled 1 downed 1 helmets 1 seemingly 1 hominid 's 1 argentina 1 systems 1 whereabouts 1 practically 1 snarling 1 gerta 1 juked 1 predatory 1 hallucinogens 1 lurking 1 raving 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 salesman 1 fissures 1 downstairs 1 essentials 1 including 1 unless 1 rugged 1 colossus 1 ablaze 1 fluttery 1 itself 1 5 1 multiplied 1 content 1 peacock 1 mostly 1 chilled 1 sifting 1 mattress 1 74 1 slavish 1 canvas 1 turrets 1 designer 1 graffiti 1 rolodex 1 egurgitated 1 negative 1 religious 1 crevices 1 hate 1 photographer 's 1 mahal 1 vulture - talons 1 heartbeats 1 motherly 1 lightly 1 whoever 1 altered 1 whorled 1 encountered 1 multiple 1 pointless 1 compresses 1 shaped 1 wise - mouth 1 asylums 1 mystery 1 cultist 1 xs 1 shroud 1 contracts 1 t 1 charbray 1 sad 1 depth 1 warned 1 runaway 1 complaints 1 writing 1 faint 1 wooly 1 wallet - sized 1 sagging 1 blades 1 nairobi 1 dipping 1 cows 1 naw 1 divers 1 squawking 1 comment 1 jar 1 humble 1 60s 1 dregs 1 corrections 1 unnecessary 1 suits 1 groundwater 1 omega 1 vibe 1 magnified 1 he 'll 1 relative 1 gasping 1 wellspring 1 extended 1 here 's 1 volunteered 1 sprained 1 unbuckling 1 contained 1 flinty 1 escher 1 trusty 1 chum 1 height 1 ominously 1 who 's 1 checker 1 nam 1 salmon 1 designed 1 spaghetti - western 1 biggest 1 subtle 1 warp 1 comes 1 defunct 1 turin 1 ferocious 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 off - road 1 fleshly 1 efficacious 1 accelerated 1 fanned 1 anecdotes 1 fairly 1 embrace 1 revolutionaries 1 faucet 1 kaleidoscope 1 swelling 1 fork 1 dartmouth 1 furrier 1 brick - red 1 condensation 1 geriatric 1 sales 1 auditioning 1 troops 1 breathed 1 rational 1 meaningful 1 tumor 1 earthy 1 garner 1 sculptures 1 savored 1 coarser 1 fingertip 1 dorado 1 region 1 according 1 rippled 1 bender 1 contributing 1 wartime 1 bulldozer 1 kneecap 1 shortens 1 wishful 1 pity 1 landslide 1 replied 1 helping 1 webbed 1 repository 1 suggest 1 horse 's 1 colonial 1 release 1 cooking 1 mackinaw 1 panting 1 misshapen 1 speck 1 analyzed 1 chock 1 chump 1 whore 1 scaly 1 vacant 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 piss - drunk 1 scored 1 wilson 's 1 cranking 1 stash 1 processed 1 circulated 1 pick 1 ouroboros 1 upward 1 hunched 1 plastered 1 hustling 1 mayhap 1 spry 1 influx 1 herr 1 trillion 1 godhead 1 drools 1 advice 1 graves 1 smattering 1 mistaken 1 crumbling 1 cage 1 asteroid 1 corruption 1 arch 1 mexican 1 marble 1 tested 1 flailed 1 palace 1 satchel 1 basement 1 odd 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 burglaries 1 battery 1 orbit 1 reintegration 1 shifting 1 widening 1 oak 1 jangling 1 sofa 1 static 1 distances 1 national 1 taller 1 anti - assault 1 policy 1 tightened 1 spooked 1 dreaded 1 stand 1 smirks 1 stings 1 addition 1 long - shot 1 lifted 1 fist 1 dewar 's 1 legion 1 risk 1 undulating 1 sotheby 1 enchilada 1 calling 1 brains 1 switchblade 1 sperm 1 explain 1 subterranean 1 beginning 1 pressing 1 drama 1 heat 1 plum - dark 1 rorschach 1 slow 1 italian 1 soil 1 grapeshot 1 yanked 1 map 1 disappearance 1 imminent 1 measured 1 beside 1 faintly 1 phantasm 1 longshoreman 1 survive 1 dull 1 buzzed 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 horned 1 case 1 warmed 1 devotion 1 weed 1 spongy 1 vehicular 1 hop 1 triggered 1 smog 1 artillery 1 halcyon 1 whiff 1 organized 1 craftsman 1 pamphlet 1 coveralls 1 belts 1 lolling 1 thanksgiving 1 immobilize 1 bell - shaped 1 sensors 1 articles 1 sites 1 fistful 1 crude 1 strode 1 spirals 1 entertain 1 1987 1 trick 1 mag 1 clint 's 1 lighter 1 uninterrupted 1 steadfastly 1 anarchy 1 lounge 1 originate 1 bellevue 1 rationale 1 unusual 1 hood 1 lesser 1 circles 1 snorting 1 closet 1 ringing 1 trace 1 throwaway 1 mayan 1 extra 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 rope 1 contemporary 1 fiery 1 yards 1 improved 1 security 1 games 1 spooky 1 paddock 1 toy 1 oodles 1 sucks 1 operation 1 recognizing 1 pole 1 clash 1 wrecking 1 half - hearted 1 buckets 1 prism 1 balls 1 lad 1 sphincter 1 protective 1 minors 1 citizens 1 scalloped 1 introductions 1 rhinoceros 1 torches 1 buddhism 1 androgynous 1 gear 1 ferns 1 shame 1 nail 1 evident 1 disappearances 1 run 1 manufacturing 1 wandering 1 reservoir 1 lumpy 1 shuttering 1 kicker 1 wastrel 1 iowa 1 slim 1 hack 1 keeled 1 civilization 1 fucking 1 vine 1 farm 1 nah 1 painfully 1 incomprehensibly 1 shtick 1 dwelt 1 pals 1 speaker 1 disappears 1 distress 1 caramelized 1 remains 1 sweetmeats 1 quitting 1 smothered 1 delusion 1 tales 1 revealed 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 fictions 1 petered 1 cia 1 lazy 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gazed 1 lawyers 1 gulped 1 congealed 1 boundary 1 built 1 reverend 1 acquire 1 treatment 1 flowery 1 shreds 1 damage 1 types 1 apex 1 rested 1 clenched 1 commons 1 disowned 1 memories 1 stones 1 force 1 trembling 1 rabbit 1 motions 1 lairs 1 crusted 1 trumpeting 1 expect 1 shadowbox 1 louder 1 glib 1 letter 1 perfume 1 trains 1 blubber 1 smeared 1 shrink 1 jackson 1 sooty 1 maddeningly 1 flawed 1 tournament 1 swaying 1 tortured 1 hairspray 1 pitched 1 pollack 1 pleased 1 purposeful 1 swing 1 patron 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 sip 1 enlightened 1 feature 1 fitted 1 approximate 1 corporate 1 sing 1 hideous 1 hymns 1 feel 1 mechanism 1 d'oeuvres 1 treat 1 geraniums 1 cousin 1 leftwing 1 sandwich 1 scraggly 1 mile 1 ruffles 1 olympus 1 felt - tip 1 answering 1 glimpses 1 replacements 1 america 1 beings 1 claustrophobia 1 poker 1 adjourned 1 enraged 1 clawfoot 1 slowed 1 mechanical 1 skyline 1 sweats 1 eradicate 1 lodged 1 intuition 1 acquaintance 1 heaven 1 paleontologists 1 october 1 examining 1 counts 1 suitcase 1 intricate 1 bowels 1 lobby 1 shells 1 fiberglass 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 facial 1 tipped 1 portions 1 landing 1 hardware 1 sprung 1 forever 1 napkin 1 ambassador 1 pro 1 lens 1 hopeless 1 reference 1 engulfed 1 nose - first 1 uprooted 1 gargantuan 1 dogged 1 trampled 1 grave 1 cinched 1 deny 1 parks 1 africa 1 circuit 1 beater 1 engineers 1 hatchet 1 court 1 shredded 1 technique 1 razed 1 clientele 1 combat 1 skeptical 1 quicken 1 unfortunate 1 shaft 1 progress 1 high - stakes 1 dung 1 racks 1 sagged 1 motives 1 tropical 1 colonists 1 thermostat 1 discover 1 heebie - jeebies 1 stock 1 thirteen - million - dollar 1 reality 1 strengthened 1 video - taped 1 progression 1 encroaching 1 close 1 misanthropic 1 electroshock 1 available 1 loves 1 boat 1 folding 1 assault 1 flowstone 1 darker 1 qualify 1 naturalized 1 grow 1 protyle 1 sly 1 distinctly 1 unusually 1 wink 1 cali 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 slops 1 outer 1 mission 1 brief 1 nausea 1 prepare 1 corps 1 bounced 1 we ' ve 1 intellectually 1 sniping 1 shambling 1 typewriter 1 heartwood 1 attrition 1 showcasing 1 considered 1 disciples 1 shin - high 1 undertake 1 waltzed 1 twinkling 1 worst 1 stride 1 panpipes 1 refined 1 gardener 1 gangway 1 doze 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 monkeys 1 filthy 1 gramophone 1 ratty 1 tropics 1 fluttered 1 january 1 emote 1 mushroomed 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 piper 1 private 1 roach 1 hovered 1 happen 1 perilous 1 huddled 1 heel 1 mountainous 1 spooks 1 direction 1 wind 1 casablanca 1 migrated 1 wallace 1 command 1 rhesus 1 footprints 1 compound 1 remarkably 1 marvo 1 combed 1 comrade 1 wrist 1 surplus 1 thickened 1 barbs 1 inverted 1 captured 1 ostracized 1 glided 1 steer 1 foyer 1 openedopendopened 1 zip 1 child - warriors 1 vertical 1 odds 1 godliness 1 tar 1 glassy 1 status 1 churning 1 lanterns 1 hawaiian 1 mechanics 1 expertise 1 arctic 1 unfold 1 cultivated 1 avoid 1 illustrious 1 dismantle 1 coughed 1 were n't 1 stairs 1 timber 1 sniffing 1 percent 1 pecked 1 hey 1 bullfighters 1 birth - naked 1 armpits 1 theater 1 overhead 1 smashed 1 vapor 1 linger 1 piping 1 lease 1 miniature 1 groaned 1 necklace 1 dress 1 no - go 1 doubtful 1 paced 1 indeed 1 wilderness 1 hermits 1 benches 1 ambient 1 demand 1 uzis 1 pictographs 1 appetite 1 blanket 1 hints 1 sizeable 1 earthen 1 reputable 1 zippers 1 harley 1 recovered 1 movie - of - the - week 1 dominated 1 folds 1 bowed 1 rd 1 cameos 1 fifteen 1 ignition 1 cries 1 routed 1 nonchalantly 1 artificial 1 bear 1 wards 1 converted 1 conclude 1 freshly 1 de 1 milligrams 1 crackpots 1 reserved 1 resident 1 hulks 1 direct 1 trampling 1 predicated 1 half - moons 1 clogged 1 beatniks 1 sharpened 1 wiser 1 instructed 1 thumbs - up 1 connected 1 billion 1 pudding 1 superjock 1 superstitious 1 bases 1 pardon 1 dimensions 1 lunatic 1 gasped 1 ingested 1 bask 1 losing 1 selves 1 argued 1 pending 1 umbrella 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 tin - can - under - a - boot 1 toes 1 spectral 1 six 1 coldness 1 frames 1 pretend 1 terrorism 1 thrifty 1 domes 1 kilter 1 passport 1 grappling 1 presided 1 lash 1 elongated 1 censors 1 impulses 1 tips 1 remembered 1 hangs 1 often 1 raw 1 distracted 1 juxtaposed 1 steroids 1 superfluous 1 gearing 1 thin - lipped 1 ellipse 1 bits 1 barked 1 roman 1 sob 1 splendor 1 revival 1 hold 1 asleep 1 precise 1 areas 1 manuals 1 tweaked 1 disappointment 1 snick 1 yellowjackets 1 t - shirt 1 sarcasm 1 assuming 1 prison 1 bags 1 90s 1 periphery 1 knot 1 explanation 1 cognition 1 paranoid 1 protean - reality 1 7 1 static - laden 1 suppressed 1 scholarship 1 dim 1 nova 1 tunneled 1 occupied 1 mount 1 impressive 1 volcanic 1 fault 1 charred 1 6 ' 1 pinhole 1 recognizes 1 shuddering 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 scrutinize 1 alarm 1 rumor 1 vaguely 1 fester 1 chugged 1 graduated 1 clanged 1 den 1 numbered 1 rictus 1 lark 1 incarnations 1 superiority 1 dabbed 1 niners 1 webs 1 decomposed 1 nostrils 1 something 's 1 bangkok 1 daisy 1 separate 1 ruddy 1 official 1 supplicate 1 poaching 1 exhortations 1 willies 1 slot 1 link 1 caravans 1 feed 1 lingered 1 convenient 1 loft 1 chat 1 sailing 1 lives 1 book 1 peer 1 nap 1 abysses 1 territory 1 weeds 1 passage 1 conical 1 roofs 1 gurgled 1 lawn 1 slid 1 arrested 1 scuttled 1 tri - corner 1 acceptable 1 eardrums 1 savage 1 willing 1 cryptic 1 bigwigs 1 fake 1 mitochondria 1 meticulous 1 clove 1 pocks 1 catching 1 paperweight 1 influenced 1 biblical 1 sized 1 gesture 1 operating 1 assuredly 1 sawdust 1 airport 1 betwixt 1 dose 1 visited 1 fuel 1 drum 1 offer 1 slashes 1 dramatic 1 relished 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 squat 1 pie 1 wheedling 1 beetle 1 saddened 1 ukrainian 1 pyramid 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 bunkered 1 m16s 1 draped 1 fully 1 legendary 1 ak-47s 1 asshole 1 flap 1 oddly 1 children 1 lobotomy 1 kennels 1 cameras 1 determination 1 240 1 kidnapping 1 globes 1 cleaned 1 uncoiling 1 kook 1 england 1 whorls 1 eleven 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 imagination 1 sinkhole 1 reed 1 able 1 morsel 1 style 1 1967 1 homey 1 signal 1 conquest 1 slumber 1 motioned 1 pissant 1 farthest 1 smudged 1 jived 1 compartment 1 hallucinations 1 trapdoor 1 television 1 pry 1 upscale 1 bent 1 stag 1 pansy 1 children 's 1 inhalation 1 pidgin 1 shutterbug 1 celebrities 1 crates 1 sweetest 1 snapshot 1 peeked 1 intact 1 paled 1 gauge 1 offal 1 scrawled 1 assumptions 1 mounting 1 fantail 1 serrated 1 crunch 1 propped 1 clearly 1 card - carrying 1 viscous 1 unearthly 1 glad 1 tone 1 boards 1 supposedly 1 instar 1 county 1 midget 1 commanded 1 rented 1 rap 1 dude 1 faculties 1 dentistry 1 integral 1 sponges 1 aperture 1 gentry 1 arabesques 1 gases 1 toe 1 crash 1 points 1 tongue 1 galas 1 expeditions 1 solemn 1 grape 1 outcroppings 1 apparently 1 flushed 1 somewhat 1 conjured 1 stream 1 trough 1 rubbing 1 echoed 1 spare 1 sparse 1 mileage 1 how 'd 1 insatiable 1 store 1 mortgage 1 lair 1 wear 1 stony 1 trips 1 357 1 dredged 1 drooped 1 depends 1 specialty 1 heap 1 oily 1 methodically 1 booby - hatch 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 jaguars 1 travel 1 legal 1 statue 1 configuration 1 prefer 1 insensate 1 terse 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 tour 1 coupled 1 tarpaper 1 installation 1 jake 's 1 threshing 1 mantra 1 smaller 1 stanford 1 celestial 1 orangutan 1 recalled 1 uncured 1 admired 1 remake 1 stench 1 singular 1 holiday 1 remark 1 duck 1 thrilling 1 corner 1 sallow 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 restrained 1 gourd 1 cake 1 weighed 1 drivin ' 1 christianity 1 publicize 1 rackets 1 five - hundred - dollars - a - night 1 shore 1 longer 1 glittered 1 self - serving 1 leered 1 originally 1 pondered 1 dunce 1 tilting 1 welts 1 hoary 1 steps 1 spears 1 quiver 1 limp 1 story 1 swinging 1 winner 1 loosely 1 wadded 1 scared 1 sneak 1 ground 1 reached 1 shipwrecked 1 seagull 1 coast 1 stratagems 1 beef 1 worldly 1 challenge 1 proposal 1 chromatic 1 privacy 1 tech 1 50s 1 socials 1 melting 1 broader 1 sword 1 hype 1 headband 1 trailing 1 flee 1 objets 1 accept 1 transcending 1 wallowed 1 host 1 clause 1 awakens 1 knife - bright 1 chuffing 1 debate 1 rooted 1 hitch 1 shall 1 sybarites 1 base 1 adios 1 relatives 1 shoals 1 albums 1 joists 1 fetish 1 abrupt 1 randomly 1 averted 1 fragments 1 esthetic 1 influence 1 tarantulas 1 stashed 1 initially 1 roses 1 consisted 1 anarchists 1 knotted 1 sold 1 lurked 1 wallpaper 1 hardened 1 travels 1 looming 1 titles 1 protested 1 unnatural 1 second - rate 1 confiscated 1 skipped 1 spill 1 mingle 1 sunken 1 charged 1 trephination 1 immense 1 florence 1 alzheimer 's 1 wing 1 tradition 1 promising 1 unknown 1 cavemen 1 seniors 1 machine 1 slopping 1 foamed 1 centuries 1 shave 1 blazer 1 assumed 1 gamblers 1 brainmatter 1 gazing 1 semi - collapsed 1 liver 1 flow 1 bulb 1 incarnation 1 proclaim 1 egg 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 monkey 1 membrane 1 weakly 1 dread 1 cartilage 1 clumsy 1 ganglia 1 lungs 1 hurled 1 locked 1 sandal 1 vibrated 1 vase 1 reading 1 staring 1 half - frozen 1 crossroads 1 awaken 1 canadian 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 lightless 1 closed - doors 1 galore 1 expectations 1 throb 1 shelf 1 hillbillies 1 ick 1 sharper 1 indulgent 1 shanties 1 betcha 1 devolved 1 pure 1 tarantula 1 jeeps 1 railroad 1 shit - all 1 pierced 1 truncated 1 orchards 1 sunflower 1 inclination 1 ivory 1 stove 1 developed 1 seeking 1 purposes 1 minute 1 claimed 1 constellations 1 books 1 tiers 1 spandex 1 strapped 1 maintained 1 persian 1 reneged 1 ennui 1 payphone 1 officer 1 shrinking 1 pigs 1 milky 1 pause 1 sleeves 1 wayne 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 stake 1 mama 1 surrounding 1 premeditated 1 baby - blue 1 abashed 1 brazen 1 snap 1 tracking 1 sunday 1 bracketed 1 goaded 1 owners 1 psychedelic 1 psychopathic 1 batty 1 dimming 1 copulation 1 knob 1 skyscrapers 1 contacted 1 toothless 1 flipped 1 huxley 1 diffidence 1 logging 1 sandals 1 republic 1 minimal 1 formicating 1 upper - crust 1 indolent 1 decaying 1 peace 1 too - loose 1 wherever 1 potbellied 1 relaxed 1 1920s 1 bathed 1 interrupted 1 hatred 1 mantle 1 segments 1 inspections 1 weather 1 intellectual 1 barrels 1 exhibit 1 transformations 1 draw 1 health 1 irishmen 1 cockroach 1 macho 1 throughout 1 flop 1 crony 1 supposed 1 tag 1 alas 1 gradually 1 80s 1 trundled 1 artery 1 tomato 1 spelled 1 lovely 1 skull - yellow 1 subsided 1 five 1 expound 1 confusion 1 regimens 1 bitter 1 clock 1 concerns 1 cavernous 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 amex 1 jelly 1 savages 1 twiddled 1 shadowy 1 red - rimmed 1 accident 1 al 1 shielding 1 cockney 1 seem 1 whispers 1 mutton - chopped 1 falls 1 stage 1 hedged 1 chortled 1 section 1 babies 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 orgy 1 cleveland 1 tunnel 1 honked 1 medieval 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 solving 1 blank 1 eluded 1 bloom 1 suet 1 opens 1 designs 1 balance 1 translucent 1 conqueror 1 eve 1 fresher 1 instant 1 indies 1 extremities 1 moderately 1 prison - orange 1 imagery 1 wreckage 1 instance 1 contorted 1 colonials 1 sleeping 1 loses 1 learn 1 fumbled 1 courtesy 1 vertigo 1 nursing 1 guilt 1 sabbatical 1 balked 1 greatcoats 1 freshest 1 dealing 1 beckoning 1 taped 1 hemorrhoids 1 appreciation 1 gawk 1 drizzle 1 foliage 1 where 'd 1 spots 1 manitoba 1 sister 1 receivers 1 stockpile 1 tiptoeing 1 stirs 1 latest 1 works 1 nummy 1 momentarily 1 she 'd 1 poster - sized 1 cream 1 tongues 1 genius 1 hang 1 crisscrossed 1 residence 1 stinking 1 avoided 1 squirted 1 can not 1 butter 1 listen 1 moonlighted 1 spectrum 1 middling 1 foundation 1 pebbly 1 quits 1 touching 1 hips 1 clots 1 remain 1 circular 1 kiddies 1 drop 1 digs 1 ridge 1 underground 1 hugged 1 reminiscing 1 lap 1 meaty 1 contractor 1 reduced 1 moneylenders 1 counter 1 neophyte 1 relinquished 1 automaton 1 soul 1 mormons 1 it 'll 1 consumption 1 universally 1 leap 1 sentient 1 immortalized 1 vases 1 jr 1 team 1 delphi 1 hallucinated 1 noises 1 drawers 1 composure 1 inkblot 1 sledding 1 scene 1 yawed 1 philology 930 .
vastation - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 vastation 441 the 252 and 202 of 193 i 186 a 127 to 109 in 81 my 70 that 49 was 45 me 45 it 38 s 38 from 38 he 35 with 35 his 34 were 31 or 31 they 31 for 31 on 30 t 29 one 28 as 28 into 27 is 25 at 24 an 24 them 23 who 22 by 22 we 22 when 21 him 20 d 19 m 19 like 18 be 18 their 17 old 16 our 15 had 15 but 14 what 14 went 14 up 14 all 14 are 14 through 13 so 12 only 12 wife 12 ve 12 while 12 out 12 before 11 no 11 than 11 most 11 ones 11 well 11 got 11 time 11 do 11 not 10 universe 10 back 10 this 10 over 10 there 9 even 9 you 9 dark 9 those 9 more 9 how 9 few 9 black 9 every 9 down 9 us 8 set 8 its 8 potter 8 just 8 after 8 any 8 other 8 man 8 human 8 don 8 then 8 hole 8 ever 8 because 8 which 8 been 8 around 7 could 7 right 7 upon 7 good 7 pontiff 7 cat 7 made 7 such 7 city 7 myself 7 didn 6 ll 6 never 6 god 6 came 6 if 6 her 6 much 6 left 6 last 6 some 6 forth 6 until 6 brain 6 think 6 everything 6 red 6 light 6 blood 6 day 5 going 5 matter 5 sleep 5 eventually 5 go 5 dream 5 little 5 past 5 molecular 5 themselves 5 another 5 has 5 hell 5 house 5 earth 5 humanity 5 long 5 might 5 two 5 will 5 future 5 six 5 am 5 fleas 5 beneath 5 once 5 pod 5 night 5 along 5 times 5 sacrus 5 high 4 can 4 gone 4 people 4 really 4 better 4 arms 4 real 4 would 4 existence 4 self 4 fire 4 many 4 she 4 way 4 questions 4 later 4 kept 4 end 4 smoke 4 pretty 4 whole 4 actually 4 did 4 again 4 sometimes 4 next 4 big 4 hundred 4 except 4 soft 4 far 4 also 4 cell 4 planet 4 eye 4 certain 4 occasionally 4 nothing 4 although 4 darkness 4 have 4 oh 4 undying 4 eyes 4 ages 4 about 4 maybe 4 own 4 thick 4 ways 4 each 4 half 4 still 4 very 4 nonetheless 4 stars 4 space 4 within 4 cosmic 4 travel 4 wasn 4 re 4 killed 4 these 4 see 4 either 4 enough 4 thing 4 years 4 first 3 show 3 personal 3 milk 3 white 3 exist 3 near 3 fat 3 fireworks 3 damned 3 say 3 pit 3 turn 3 gave 3 shit 3 bed 3 great 3 sure 3 new 3 rats 3 ted 3 material 3 roof 3 park 3 come 3 decided 3 mind 3 seemed 3 masses 3 none 3 form 3 baby 3 give 3 plague 3 being 3 walls 3 now 3 too 3 hadn 3 turned 3 days 3 via 3 spent 3 planets 3 million 3 things 3 men 3 off 3 known 3 does 3 girl 3 itself 3 during 3 open 3 life 3 mirror 3 extra - dimensional 3 dead 3 together 3 continent 3 fucking 3 extant 3 force 3 said 3 hollow 3 water 3 started 3 bastards 3 three 3 full 3 find 3 imagined 3 moon 3 became 3 selves 3 same 3 spread 3 between 3 since 3 alive 3 tiny 3 youth 3 mother 3 used 3 nor 3 softy - cuddles 3 hand 3 pogroms 3 across 3 finally 3 version 3 leave 3 side 3 milkman 3 works 3 remained 2 super 2 survivors 2 bench 2 everyone 2 return 2 drunk 2 rose 2 final 2 mccoy 2 etc 2 happy 2 table 2 green 2 yellow 2 fungus 2 wonder 2 blasted 2 perfect 2 colonies 2 prior 2 holland 2 teatime 2 get 2 behind 2 bottom 2 hot 2 enter 2 distorted 2 necromancer 2 bottles 2 prime 2 2 2 booze 2 millennium 2 fills 2 meat 2 squad 2 desired 2 sea 2 lord 2 eater 2 ur - nyctos 2 match 2 bloody 2 purged 2 away 2 beyond 2 dirty 2 whores 2 pyrenees 2 understand 2 passed 2 under 2 intellect 2 regenerated 2 forgotten 2 x 2 jeff 2 pictures 2 living 2 technology 2 ignored 2 bubble - domed 2 hunch 2 shadows 2 kind 2 hooks 2 send 2 nuked 2 regions 2 your 2 daughter 2 acolytes 2 diabolical 2 space - time 2 method 2 monster 2 look 2 where 2 fact 2 seen 2 recall 2 convinced 2 probably 2 slime 2 file 2 bunkers 2 skull 2 paper 2 devil 2 circle 2 make 2 burning 2 slept 2 grew 2 inside 2 suspect 2 strings 2 likely 2 tribe 2 know 2 physics 2 fungal 2 flea 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 scrolls 2 puny 2 sucking 2 sucker 2 genetic 2 so - called 2 meant 2 world 2 gaze 2 equilibrium 2 seed 2 priest 2 chief 2 candle 2 walk 2 galaxies 2 event 2 best 2 maw 2 flagellants 2 king 2 carried 2 makes 2 fear 2 sack 2 standing 2 yard 2 waves 2 vacuum 2 cal 2 teeth 2 flies 2 angry 2 despite 2 doesn 2 forces 2 alien 2 star 2 clouds 2 lot 2 stasis 2 began 2 terra 2 irradiated 2 efficiency 2 returned 2 organs 2 perhaps 2 trying 2 imagine 2 land 2 knew 2 worked 2 flesh 2 race 2 epochs 2 killing 2 fine 2 tea 2 watch 2 meanwhile 2 quantum 2 rome 2 assimilated 2 line 2 need 2 center 2 tears 2 villa 2 drink 2 crete 2 details 2 vaults 2 pupil 2 war 2 cycle 2 morning 2 carbon - based 2 happening 2 float 2 terrible 2 pushed 2 care 2 heat 2 dreamed 2 family 2 45 2 primal 2 mass 2 crack 2 crude 2 invaders 2 security 2 games 2 couldn 2 understood 2 everybody 2 civilization 2 pals 2 face 2 home 2 rock 2 legend 2 gathered 2 measure 2 sapiens 2 several 2 peephole 2 feel 2 liquefy 2 cockroaches 2 exponentially 2 hillside 2 reckoning 2 horror 2 settings 2 iteration 2 reality 2 finished 2 however 2 accompanied 2 crushed 2 kid 2 allowed 2 among 2 thousand 2 private 2 whining 2 tar 2 homo 2 lanterns 2 indeed 2 artificial 2 billion 2 sat 2 deep 2 horizon 2 similar 2 summer 2 named 2 free 2 sent 2 raised 2 yet 2 friends 2 smelled 2 feed 2 truth 2 won 2 billions 2 thought 2 restless 2 children 2 lowered 2 body 2 pocket 2 dna 2 gods 2 appeared 2 backward 2 dogs 2 himself 2 lost 2 always 2 watched 2 machines 2 limited 2 rap 2 bullets 2 stream 2 painful 2 echoed 2 bored 2 level 2 done 2 hammer 2 absorbed 2 relativity 2 true 2 worm 2 0 2 afterward 2 host 2 called 2 elvis 2 small 2 dread 2 found 2 game 2 android 2 former 2 ask 2 dozen 2 nearly 2 mold 2 take 2 impossible 2 tracking 2 present 2 joined 2 comrades 2 perfected 2 general 2 lovely 2 whispers 2 size 2 orgy 2 buried 2 humans 2 metropolises 2 brought 2 blackness 2 drop 2 party 2 scientists 2 sentient 2 checked 2 vases 2 team 2 modifications 2 destroy 2 tokyo 1 bonkers 1 zipped 1 noah 1 hominids 1 pissy 1 throes 1 wait 1 absorbs 1 screws 1 lumbered 1 portal 1 flattened 1 favorite 1 project 1 rulers 1 sheets 1 death 1 ashore 1 lies 1 muck 1 creates 1 quaking 1 infertility 1 resembled 1 rustle 1 ran 1 grapes 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 identify 1 processes 1 failed 1 punctuated 1 depths 1 squatted 1 toss 1 warm- 1 growl 1 hear 1 suspicion 1 sufficient 1 chicago 1 lack 1 wheel 1 cooked 1 updraft 1 juncture 1 stone 1 jupiter 1 snail 1 cerebral 1 possesses 1 breeding 1 matted 1 cracks 1 second - in - command 1 exhale 1 accumulating 1 drugs 1 latter 1 heft 1 evening 1 wildfire 1 holding 1 lowest 1 deal 1 bc 1 thoroughfares 1 exaggeration 1 sentimental 1 cephalopodan 1 slicked 1 ooze 1 denomination 1 b 1 logic 1 pulse 1 vast 1 delay 1 codes 1 seconds 1 riot 1 shat 1 showering 1 dissolved 1 poison 1 burger 1 job 1 stripling 1 leader 1 secrets 1 met 1 tooth 1 missed 1 port 1 detached 1 research 1 eliminated 1 crib 1 application 1 arrived 1 laws 1 drifted 1 both 1 appreciate 1 rushing 1 e 1 locations 1 lest 1 inspect 1 erstwhile 1 spied 1 obliterate 1 spouse 1 speed 1 squads 1 attach 1 drinking 1 plotted 1 regular 1 ventures 1 manager 1 wet 1 respected 1 pots 1 semi- 1 maniac 1 emperor 1 third 1 governments 1 poles 1 spasms 1 disease 1 stole 1 planning 1 constituent 1 spray 1 something 1 wasting 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 remote - operated 1 twirled 1 smear 1 effete 1 stuff 1 teeters 1 age 1 hells 1 infinite 1 higher 1 dilates 1 rewind 1 mental 1 rouse 1 van 1 howdy 1 foot 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 plan 1 ticking 1 monstrous 1 commoner 1 reversing 1 devours 1 replicating 1 gargoyle 1 hope 1 die 1 cook 1 toga 1 gets 1 ops 1 pot 1 cloning 1 ours 1 lounged 1 drawback 1 hurts 1 primordial 1 entire 1 nanobots 1 cantonese 1 wine 1 simple 1 splattered 1 blame 1 sown 1 exterminating 1 listened 1 hair 1 amuses 1 devised 1 hurtling 1 coup 1 mathematicians 1 achieves 1 bean 1 expected 1 fraternize 1 spectacle 1 mousetrap 1 calculation 1 yesterday 1 trapped 1 god - emperor 1 insinuated 1 shine 1 woke 1 nigh- 1 talking 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 gravity 1 massacre 1 mare 1 planned 1 liberace 1 iterations 1 exiled - potentate 1 far- 1 watching 1 lacking 1 amok 1 sitting 1 punch 1 stack 1 sisters 1 thrown 1 brainboxes 1 thirteen 1 campaigns 1 remaining 1 understanding 1 spilled 1 damn 1 presented 1 beachheads 1 populations 1 flame 1 penetrates 1 series 1 questing 1 switch 1 implosion 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 bards 1 clone 1 tended 1 osmosis 1 proxy 1 sine 1 swims 1 grasped 1 original 1 seldom 1 slew 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 torment 1 writhing 1 dear 1 squandered 1 rotting 1 proud 1 online 1 qualifies 1 bud 1 iron 1 biological 1 griddle 1 feasted 1 gurgles 1 preferred 1 inches 1 move 1 biting 1 dusty 1 moments 1 hacking 1 goes 1 velocity 1 notice 1 nerve 1 motion 1 prosperous 1 wifey 1 medical 1 movie 1 soon 1 kong 1 sycophants 1 theory 1 miss 1 laird 1 sending 1 reach 1 lurching 1 reliable 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 beautiful 1 transmogrifies 1 protoplasmic 1 cork 1 follow 1 endless 1 zero 1 cowardly 1 cells 1 resistance 1 bio 1 jean 1 hum 1 gigantic 1 costumes 1 landmarks 1 scream 1 struggled 1 chest 1 mush 1 departure 1 wave 1 synchronized 1 someone 1 herself 1 programmed 1 peels 1 grown 1 arguably 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 entirely 1 stations 1 lifetimes 1 flung 1 states 1 suffice 1 pal 1 boogeyman 1 tripped 1 infancy 1 wide 1 researchers 1 skippy 1 invasion 1 start 1 rubbed 1 swiss 1 actual 1 voice 1 fiasco 1 resurface 1 begins 1 generated 1 far - flung 1 father 1 changed 1 crept 1 alignment 1 anyone 1 suck 1 awful 1 honeycombed 1 eight 1 forward 1 acquired 1 beat 1 madness 1 colleagues 1 sol 1 bugs 1 insides 1 sake 1 animates 1 punk 1 soldiers 1 croak 1 choir 1 cross 1 chattered 1 io 1 facets 1 regarding 1 ceiling 1 utopian 1 writers 1 conculcated 1 demonstrate 1 hundreds 1 information 1 carthage 1 chinks 1 misery 1 shrieking 1 shapes 1 anticipated 1 village 1 commode 1 survived 1 part 1 rescue 1 settle 1 doctor 1 lifeless 1 insane 1 obscene 1 shocked 1 ungainly 1 aesthetic 1 knows 1 cats 1 fucked 1 disaster 1 rim 1 basket 1 means 1 recorded 1 blind 1 flags 1 dystopian 1 bureaucrat 1 moaned 1 remainder 1 awarded 1 drag 1 fuse 1 slimy 1 grist 1 brine 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 making 1 effluvium 1 master 1 matches 1 axis 1 state 1 heard 1 flat 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 fossilizes 1 modify 1 tedious 1 behavior 1 pet 1 vendor 1 george 1 afterthought 1 fly 1 outdated 1 least 1 less 1 depending 1 percentage 1 hank 1 lead - filled 1 bobbed 1 ink 1 custodian 1 swallows 1 lunchbox 1 glop 1 toward 1 servitors 1 cuffs 1 fate 1 intended 1 gene - splicers 1 science 1 crowd 1 puff 1 shoulders 1 odor 1 hanging 1 termed 1 rat 1 monstrosity 1 fabric 1 bounce 1 eat 1 pasta 1 solicited 1 wake 1 glass 1 quadrillions 1 against 1 kitchen 1 certainly 1 music 1 bumps 1 carefully 1 occupation 1 playing 1 else 1 society 1 hiding 1 flickered 1 busy 1 scratch 1 ability 1 aspect 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 stiffening 1 howling 1 slithering 1 fourteen 1 lesbian 1 rope - a - dope 1 bells 1 peculiar 1 purported 1 plank 1 somebody 1 cathode 1 twenty- 1 hu 1 rapidly 1 squatting 1 display 1 liberal 1 disappeared 1 escape 1 colors 1 six- 1 bat 1 why 1 sigh 1 eradicated 1 talks 1 orbital 1 dissolve 1 scraps 1 stonehenge 1 notwithstanding 1 mills 1 shone 1 slavering 1 oversized 1 scooped 1 wars 1 funny 1 contracted 1 reorganizing 1 follows 1 design 1 enemies 1 american 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 soliloquy 1 unmodified 1 vastation 1 paintings 1 involved 1 united 1 boys 1 murdered 1 toilet 1 lincoln 1 inquiry 1 tendrils 1 visiting 1 eggshell 1 varieties 1 vein 1 g 1 fueled 1 smother 1 okay 1 ship 1 sit 1 powerful 1 finer 1 self - willed 1 thrill 1 wanted 1 fungoid 1 loved 1 idiots 1 culture 1 yacht 1 inscrutable 1 sitdown 1 worse 1 catatonia 1 mad 1 ye 1 bedroom 1 doctors 1 billie 1 recent 1 concentrated 1 tenant 1 devils 1 senators 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 yeah 1 gang 1 expands 1 embolism 1 optical 1 strange 1 goo 1 sank 1 heralds 1 r 1 walnut 1 roam 1 grafts 1 straight 1 skirt 1 cymbals 1 mystical 1 unique 1 military 1 hint 1 smooth 1 figure 1 sawed 1 evolved 1 continental 1 baddies 1 mill 1 battalion 1 groundwork 1 july 1 illimitable 1 may 1 hoovered 1 penises 1 different 1 functional 1 goats 1 optic 1 amply 1 inheritors 1 wires 1 number 1 revel 1 cheese 1 jaunts 1 byzantine 1 dialects 1 relevance 1 remember 1 caligula 1 managed 1 summoned 1 ender 1 population 1 universal 1 exploded 1 vault 1 resist 1 proved 1 stern 1 mutant 1 suicide 1 cease 1 breaking 1 creatures 1 elimination 1 eagerly 1 mastered 1 animals 1 cortex 1 pierce 1 sound 1 crashes 1 spit 1 related 1 sauntered 1 predators 1 cavorted 1 mess 1 gears 1 strung 1 lutes 1 shot 1 mover 1 broadcasts 1 receive 1 nano - enhanced 1 banquet 1 birdbath 1 ha 1 stateside 1 activated 1 pathogen 1 annihilation 1 rise 1 displaces 1 skulk 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 dial 1 skulls 1 barron 1 sixty - seven 1 sacruses 1 kablooey 1 50 1 beetles 1 armageddon 1 safer 1 glowing 1 field 1 culmination 1 played 1 wang 1 rows 1 manually 1 current 1 ancient 1 inset 1 decades 1 fun 1 mortals 1 mid - sentence 1 convulsive 1 trillions 1 mustard 1 abyss 1 continuum 1 shortly 1 son 1 chinese 1 framework 1 explorations 1 scientific 1 complex 1 astro - physical 1 dirt 1 nine 1 egghead 1 filled 1 string 1 bunk 1 reason 1 burnt 1 poets 1 filmed 1 scrabble 1 tablets 1 octopi 1 useful 1 keeps 1 mud 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 centuries - long 1 ancestry 1 throat 1 honestly 1 squeak 1 lizards 1 shooting 1 words 1 infinitely 1 shallow 1 arrayed 1 enlightenment 1 macedonian 1 minutes 1 corpse 1 inbreeding 1 porch 1 box 1 distant 1 drops 1 suspended 1 rusty 1 macy 1 amontillado 1 whilst 1 essential 1 march 1 fellow 1 drip 1 personnel 1 establish 1 ice 1 imbrium 1 stages 1 fool 1 notion 1 hunger 1 mean 1 polyglot 1 whisper 1 stick 1 idiot 1 intuitive 1 fleshy 1 wicker 1 masturbating 1 socks 1 enclave 1 continual 1 primacy 1 weren 1 effect 1 pop 1 bahamas 1 saps 1 perspective 1 shaving 1 bessy 1 lay 1 react 1 major 1 replicants 1 place 1 intergalactic 1 above 1 help 1 vagaries 1 play 1 particles 1 learned 1 circuits 1 mortal 1 eldest 1 modest 1 materials 1 overlords 1 previous 1 ichor 1 overflowed 1 prince 1 cracked 1 choked 1 empathic 1 lights 1 guts 1 claw 1 birds 1 ganglion 1 catapults 1 perpetual 1 sulfurous 1 type 1 parchment 1 eulogies 1 lonely 1 perpetrate 1 uninterruptable 1 brink 1 eons 1 signified 1 south 1 neutron 1 homogenize 1 partially 1 astronomy 1 doubtless 1 yeasty 1 trinity 1 amount 1 laser 1 rival 1 jagged 1 venerated 1 government 1 told 1 york 1 sci - fi 1 contact 1 bombs 1 purge 1 fighting 1 snuffed 1 interest 1 poor 1 smiling 1 semaphore 1 sensibilities 1 astronomical 1 nano - cloud 1 come - back 1 build 1 sliced 1 descending 1 empire 1 horse 1 jars 1 reproductive 1 era 1 majesty 1 whimpers 1 stare 1 debunked 1 person 1 aimed 1 shell 1 regrettable 1 overpopulation 1 monsters 1 homicidal 1 slain 1 buffoon 1 crooked 1 rage 1 grief 1 antiquity 1 cowered 1 impressed 1 biology 1 hooted 1 fries 1 persist 1 outside 1 immortality 1 process 1 tong 1 young 1 witchcraft 1 herald 1 slipped 1 spiral 1 laugh 1 decipher 1 relentless 1 cylinders 1 reborn 1 bump 1 functionally 1 knowing 1 wiped 1 halloween 1 threw 1 power 1 rendered 1 anomalous 1 bizarre 1 adopts 1 notable 1 grip 1 mine 1 snowflake 1 nanoseconds 1 support 1 zen 1 ants 1 honorable 1 including 1 control 1 rugged 1 alight 1 valuables 1 hours 1 androids 1 redundancies 1 wood 1 hate 1 supercollider 1 unknowable 1 moody 1 ministry 1 critically 1 speak 1 contracts 1 layers 1 laying 1 rebuild 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 packs 1 undeath 1 writing 1 call 1 claws 1 undone 1 excite 1 blankness 1 humble 1 dregs 1 entities 1 forms 1 argument 1 tentacle 1 amazed 1 metaphor 1 replica 1 encounter 1 dog 1 looted 1 whatnot 1 severed 1 predict 1 moiling 1 easily 1 bathroom 1 comes 1 deity 1 pack 1 snored 1 closest 1 bang 1 conferred 1 barred 1 peep 1 breathed 1 slobbering 1 weak 1 caught 1 organizing 1 according 1 sloth 1 highlights 1 repository 1 hapless 1 petted 1 staff 1 release 1 si - phoned 1 cooking 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 scored 1 ouroboros 1 nerves 1 basic 1 chatting 1 trillion 1 drive 1 constantly 1 saved 1 artemis 1 roots 1 crumbling 1 concerned 1 conventional 1 flailed 1 simic 1 energy 1 system 1 month 1 beloved 1 orbit 1 nowhere 1 labyrinths 1 overseen 1 innards 1 model 1 appears 1 lasted 1 recklessly 1 avenue 1 calling 1 algorithms 1 brains 1 matrices 1 bricked 1 explain 1 sky 1 facedown 1 spoke 1 shuddered 1 enveloping 1 slow 1 highly 1 inner 1 blithering 1 beside 1 arm 1 affect 1 fundamental 1 sooner 1 materialize 1 survive 1 metropolis 1 visit 1 flip 1 case 1 licking 1 animating 1 mouth 1 rice 1 ago 1 stoop 1 silver 1 surface 1 slip 1 belts 1 thanksgiving 1 hostiles 1 veil 1 machete 1 altar 1 limericks 1 scatter 1 primitive 1 changing 1 cold 1 closet 1 dilettante 1 extra 1 touched 1 associates 1 flatten 1 beads 1 crawled 1 station 1 wound 1 linen 1 truly 1 crows 1 balls 1 lived 1 revere 1 polluted 1 castle 1 competing 1 hoover 1 remnants 1 run 1 shifters 1 twisting 1 quill 1 layer 1 distress 1 remains 1 glazed 1 revealed 1 cycles 1 couple 1 large 1 plug 1 brothers 1 literally 1 hands 1 snores 1 reversed 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 noggin 1 built 1 sonorous 1 grand 1 strain 1 shred 1 bones 1 quasi - immortal 1 smashing 1 apex 1 spine 1 rabbit 1 breeze 1 haywire 1 took 1 expect 1 burned 1 starvation 1 collaborators 1 awake 1 rest 1 pitched 1 operator 1 generations 1 rinse 1 commission 1 flutes 1 laughs 1 believing 1 generation 1 pretended 1 aware 1 infiltrated 1 astronomers 1 plate 1 approximate 1 black - and - white 1 hideous 1 prof 1 props 1 eyeball 1 mushrooms 1 mechanism 1 whose 1 openers 1 guards 1 obliviousness 1 legs 1 beings 1 anthrax 1 love 1 fall 1 vitro 1 bowels 1 terror 1 work 1 ramparts 1 self - murder 1 stories 1 naturally 1 singularity 1 unto 1 re - growing 1 angel 1 ishness 1 emerged 1 mainstream 1 possess 1 reorganized 1 cigar 1 squamous 1 sprang 1 gargantuan 1 count 1 shakes 1 cardboard 1 imprinted 1 wish 1 booboo 1 minor 1 semi - infinite 1 motives 1 solipsism 1 wouldn 1 weight 1 joe 1 anthropologists 1 spewed 1 realistic 1 khan 1 delineating 1 freakish 1 hidden 1 extinct 1 grow 1 double 1 squeeze 1 changelings 1 paradise 1 mission 1 tenements 1 committing 1 drowned 1 intricacy 1 year 1 let 1 paris 1 shambling 1 photos 1 bush 1 slugs 1 crawling 1 approval 1 monkeys 1 stew 1 shrieks 1 transmogrified 1 trees 1 jumped 1 fours 1 reasons 1 happen 1 heel 1 rule 1 lethal 1 straying 1 compound 1 average 1 theories 1 marionettes 1 kills 1 usually 1 status 1 nice 1 problem 1 produced 1 charging 1 muckety - muck 1 dry 1 popular 1 exactly 1 warm 1 anew 1 reproduce 1 alike 1 wrongo 1 folds 1 eccentricities 1 converted 1 steam 1 conspire 1 disturbing 1 anachronistic 1 dimensions 1 due 1 sun 1 frequent 1 approached 1 organics 1 food 1 remembered 1 unbeknownst 1 replacement 1 thus 1 plum 1 daily 1 bits 1 bright 1 nails 1 roman 1 waste 1 changes 1 hold 1 asleep 1 thrilled 1 populated 1 rating 1 prison 1 regeneration 1 sons 1 disguise 1 tracks 1 others 1 larger 1 tomfoolery 1 campaign 1 compromising 1 sector 1 sneaky 1 nano - bots 1 fault 1 here 1 shade 1 pinhole 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 clay 1 eternity 1 jangled 1 ass 1 anon 1 gravitational 1 honeys 1 zapped 1 chain 1 rack 1 repopulate 1 admittedly 1 reset 1 lives 1 reply 1 clones 1 book 1 hollywood 1 saltes 1 put 1 passage 1 scuttled 1 chocolate 1 fools 1 dissect 1 fake 1 though 1 dinner 1 attack 1 operating 1 secret 1 betwixt 1 extract 1 sprouting 1 dreamers 1 atmospheric 1 collar 1 riffle 1 squat 1 slapping 1 wheedling 1 mood 1 flea- 1 thwarted 1 x - ray 1 quenching 1 scriven 1 cameras 1 resists 1 dignify 1 whiteness 1 unnerved 1 scientist 1 imagination 1 tripping 1 path 1 sporination 1 stout 1 single 1 observe 1 masticates 1 craze 1 reactions 1 dimension 1 television 1 faded 1 scan 1 swung 1 foothills 1 fourth 1 crocodile 1 scrawled 1 bum 1 scheduled 1 configured 1 properties 1 archetypes 1 fro 1 amphibian 1 latent 1 led 1 points 1 covers 1 thread 1 justice 1 sower 1 slanted 1 dam 1 dreams 1 track 1 weird 1 acted 1 milkshake 1 copped 1 bust 1 oily 1 echoes 1 backstop 1 erase 1 someday 1 insensate 1 attended 1 train 1 comatose 1 celestial 1 inconceivable 1 blew 1 onions 1 spring 1 gusher 1 studded 1 singular 1 newborn 1 cheat 1 corner 1 sallow 1 cocktail 1 complicated 1 empty 1 nukes 1 equal 1 ftl 1 slaughter 1 concentrate 1 depopulating 1 longer 1 surprising 1 scores 1 mankind 1 calculations 1 welts 1 steps 1 limp 1 press 1 scared 1 ground 1 fantastical 1 languished 1 historians 1 reintroduce 1 malice 1 leaf 1 tech 1 explore 1 resembles 1 timeline 1 executions 1 half - million 1 rushed 1 masters 1 further 1 base 1 congruent 1 randomly 1 spy 1 slingshot 1 puppets 1 territorial 1 step 1 mesh 1 activates 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 metaphorical 1 roughly 1 names 1 centuries 1 crowded 1 forehead 1 loop 1 stretches 1 magnitudes 1 throne 1 twin 1 weakly 1 briefly 1 color 1 fancy 1 instead 1 exposed 1 ozone 1 diagrams 1 lightless 1 throb 1 c 1 shabby 1 low 1 pure 1 poetic 1 elixirs 1 modification 1 paul 1 held 1 gene 1 smarter 1 temptation 1 flabby 1 screams 1 minute 1 purposes 1 occasions 1 hanged 1 linear 1 school 1 self - replicating 1 ennui 1 officer 1 circumstances 1 wings 1 cave 1 fell 1 enemy 1 courage 1 snap 1 nagging 1 expired 1 vermin 1 stroke 1 sandals 1 lobotomized 1 republic 1 heavy 1 petting 1 shrieked 1 drove 1 dome 1 dormant 1 ate 1 stem 1 bursting 1 programming 1 swapped 1 draw 1 stalked 1 throughout 1 alas 1 correct 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 reign 1 rehabilitation 1 spinning 1 skies 1 five 1 slinky 1 ultimate 1 senses 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 heightened 1 jelly 1 multiplying 1 promptly 1 spiny 1 bunnies 1 tell 1 supremely 1 inhospitable 1 blackest 1 falls 1 sectors 1 elephants 1 specialist 1 irritated 1 babies 1 sunset 1 fired 1 shirt 1 cloud 1 tasks 1 bloom 1 gotten 1 balance 1 modern 1 lurch 1 short 1 limbs 1 dirge 1 subatomic 1 paid 1 resultant 1 chance 1 millions 1 majority 1 moderately 1 basics 1 carry 1 name 1 door 1 sleeping 1 genghis 1 guilt 1 edgewise 1 schmuck 1 non - euclidian 1 yokohama 1 nullify 1 exiled 1 require 1 sides 1 philosophy 1 ride 1 mouse 1 dick - stiffening 1 burn 1 drowsed 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 tongues 1 defiance 1 rear 1 avoided 1 vacationed 1 listen 1 bought 1 fur 1 principles 1 incomparable 1 remain 1 quarter 1 underground 1 rend 1 lap 1 tormented 1 cask 1 mused 1 reduced 1 trousers 1 nearer 1 deed 1 answers 1 feared 1 leap 1 fought 1 tachyon 1 persons 1 jr 1 superpowers 1 contrail 1 room 1 appearance 1 pluto 1 saw 1 demonstrated 1 revive 1 consumed 1 scene 1 athens 1 chopping 933 .
and see here , a leaf , the possibility of a new life .
in proof of this the monk asked the reader if he had not heard of huge boughs falling from trees without visible cause , suddenly and without warning , and even of trees themselves in full foliage , in calm weather , toppling with a crash , to the imminent danger or the death of those who happened to be passing .
this beetle landed on a leaf and i totally heard it loud as a firecracker .
i shall never forget the last glimpse which i had of the inn yard and its crowd of picturesque figures , all crossing themselves , as they stood round the wide archway , with its background of rich foliage of oleander and orange trees in green tubs clustered in the centre of the yard .
he did nt see the creature that had once been ken trudeau , of oxford and the mnh , creep out of the foliage before him .
he stepped back and glanced in the direction of another path he had previously missed , this one cut like a jagged vein through the foliage .
he pointed through the jungle of foliage .
she busted through the foliage at the edge of the woods without care for her wellbeing .
like one leaf in a torrent , his statement was difficult to grasp as it moved past me .
he did well here with cold season crops : asparagus , carrots , beets , turnips , potatoes , radishes , leaf lettuce , and green onions .
as i sat in the morning sun , thinking about nothing in particulara single newly formed leaf fell from an ash tree overhead .
i watched the leaf as it spiraled down to the ground and finally rested against a fresh growth of spring grass .
the leaf that falls in springthat is what alexis was .
unlike my grandfather who was a shriveled brown leaf that was loosened by a cold autumn wind , alexis was a newly formed fresh emerald leaf that had a long existence ahead of her but fell to the earth anyway .
unlike my grandfather who was a shriveled brown leaf that was loosened by a cold autumn wind , alexis was a newly formed fresh emerald leaf that had a long existence ahead of her but fell to the earth anyway .
i used to see them all the time from my window in the attic emma says as she ducks down and watches the majestic animal graze upon some low foliage .
the remaining fourthe was equal parts charcoal , black powder , ground wyrdroot , powdered cinnamon , and the ground leaf of the sycamore .
as the young man did so , reinhouer prepared the second mixture , that of charcoal , black powder , wyrdroot , cinnamon , and sycamore leaf .
the remaining fourth should be equal parts charcoal , black powder , ground wyrdroot , powdered cinnamon , and ground sycamore leaf .
every night i was oppressed by a slow fever , and i became nervous to a most painful degree ; the fall of a leaf startled me , and i shunned my fellow creatures as if i had been guilty of a crime .
i gradually saw plainly the clear stream that supplied me with drink and the trees that shaded me with their foliage .
lush , if not overgrown , the wild foliage grew unabated and filled the huge lot in front of maybelles lovely colonial home .
i spat out a dead leaf and rolled onto my back .
the trees were tall , dark and thick with foliage .
after blindfolding her he forced her to sit down on the leaf littered ground .
only to see mr . lasally come home a half - hour later , get out the leaf blower , and then blow the leaves from his front lawn onto brubakers .
bru had discovered a mud hole , and simply pushed back the overlying leaf litter .
nibbles saw that a dead leaf was stuck under the tread , squashed down by the weight of the person .
earlier that day ; bru came home and found his old man in the kitchen , shaking like a leaf .
he searched the bushes visually , and found what had to be it ; a dark sheen visible through the barren branches and still - clinging autumn foliage .
not that the moose minded the ordering of stones , per se , but he did feel that it would not serve his image well to wander hither and yon upon well placed rocks when he could meander quite freely on dirt and foliage .
much of the foliage that grew in the mooses way needed a good trampling every now and again lest it get out of hand and disturb the general aesthetic of the forest .
thus far , gil had destroyed twenty ten - ounce maple leaf shaped jars of syrup and , much to his surprise , a single one - gallon can that one of kurtzs special loads had penetrated with ease .
because if its normally extremely cold or even cold enough that the ponds freeze over , i do nt think i want to come back around for your fancy leaf show .
at least not interested enough for there to be record of any kind of foliage worship .
now and again , he saw a few snapped - off tree limbs floating along with an odd assortment of junk : car tires , plastic garbage bags , a pink flamingo or two , a childs plastic swimming pooldozens of other unknown , leaf - caked items .
amaya pulled open the leaf - covered branches , and apollo got down on his knees to maneuver under the bush .
kenner looked at john as if the big man had just crawled drooling from under a cabbage leaf .
sticking out of the scabbards were a pair of silver , leaf shaped cross guards fixed to leather wrapped cherry wood handles .
occasionally light trickled down through the foliage , illuminating the trio as they trudged through shadows , climbing their way up the cobblestone pathway which led to the city of shattered rock .
seconds before stirring from the foliage , tetloan said that he saw the demons crawling forth from within the hill of rock -- like mist from a lake , as he put it .
the elven woman slipped from the forest leaving the foliage around her undisturbed , somehow managing to maneuver her lithe form through the tangled mesh of branches without causing the slightest trembling of leaves .
the light of the sun glimmered off a pair of silver pummels and leaf shaped cross - guards .
the courtyard was filled with vibrant colors , a rainbow of foliage spreading out before them .
abundant drops of sweat went down him along the whole back , making him / it tremble as a leaf .
saint smiled bitterly to the preponderant emotion that made him / it tremble as a leaf .
they would greet one another with respect , like two rivals come to a showdown , and , without turning their back , they would arrange to meet the following month , and the next , until one of them would be left hanging from the ceiling of darkness for millennia and the other would be reduced to a pile of ashes , not heavier than a dead leaf .
and with a leaf you did foolish of your beauty .
in every hand , the teacher exhibited a small leaf : from that distance , for an a little accustomed eye as that of angel , they seemed identical .
in my right hand , you see a leaf of psycothria viridis .
and it exhibited the second leaf , that well narrow estate in the left hand .
of it , it wo n't be the leaf but the body of the liana , that , essay , will opportunely free in our body substances able to disarm the inhibiting enzyme , leaving so free to act the active principle of the dmt .
a chimpanzee was giochicchiando with the branches of the bushes , throwing some of it , detaching some leaf , sniffing her / it , throwing her / it street ; in short , everything one repertoire of movements scimmiesche that so much they let the spectators amuses .
a dead leaf twirled by on the gentle , autumn breeze .
the bauran may seem to be gone , but who s to say some spore of theirs is nt hiding under a leaf somewhere , ready to start it all over again ?
vito kept the gun pointed at the clown as twisto began sauntering toward the exit while loudly singing to the tune of i ' m looking over a four leaf clover .
i could shudderingly picture that demon methodically picking through the foliage and undergrowth , those eyes as wide and round as dinner plates as he sniffed me out .
* * * * * the vast impatience of the night in the season of dead weather between the last dry leaf and the first hard frost , on a clear day of cold skies , janet richardson found herself enacting the same old rituals in a farmhouse parlour full of widows .
we were driving through a lightly wooded area , the summer foliage was so thick you could only see in about 3 or 4 trees deep into the forest .
pure gold is hammered into leaf , perforated , bathed in a paste of lemon juice and ash of mercury , then roasted a dozen times .
i munched on another bite , plucked a soggy lettuce leaf from my mouth and tossed the whole disastrous thing toward the ' trash ' chute .
it pushed through low hanging trees and other thick foliage , taking a strange and secret route into the unknown ; a snake of light slithering through the deep , dark forest .
there were no fish in the fountain ; maybe there was a leaf or some other piece of flotsam .
the gold leaf on his chest signified he was a major or colonellance could nt remember which .
my voice remained calm , but inside i was shaking like a leaf in the wind , hoping that what i was telling her was true .
the undead are unconcerned with such things , and the thick foliage and uneven ground would help to slow them down .
the sound of the first shot ricocheted off the surrounding foliage in the relative silence of the early morning .
as with the coalmine , the unchecked growth of the foliage had crept up around the church , and the graveyard adjacent to it , concealing the inscriptions on some of the headstones ; in some cases , swallowing the headstones completely erasing the past .
brine thought about what he had seen of the things posing as trees , about the missing foliage and missing fronds , and then he wondered how it was that the rays of the sun did not shed themselves upon the ground .
he lie there a moment more , heard the next exchange come blistering through the wall of black foliage , and understanding dawned .
she felt the water leave her feet , felt the disorientation of being shaken like a leaf , and then the tentacle was recoiling for the bog .
he trekked through the forest , an experienced and dangerous hunter , never rustling a leaf or cracking a single branch that might alert his prey .
the bush stopped burning and ryan looked at it and not a single leaf or branch was burned , he knew he had just seen god .
he took it all , dispassionately watching her youth and beauty fade like a summer green leaf , now brittle and worn by the passage of time , crackling to dust .
the quarters and eights hung from the branches in brilliant colors of gold and red , and as each leaf dropped , it played its note , and then died .
first the bag of leaf lettuce .
ill have the grilled chicken and a spring leaf salad with honey mustard dressing on the side .
the edge of her dress passed through the leaf of a lily .
as he neared it , the trees grew sparser until he stepped into a 120 foot circle without foliage .
following up on a number of leads , the team finally located the wreckage buried under mounds of hardened soil and a tangle of thick green foliage .
the only movement was the occasional leaf blowing across the cobblestones .
the blue sky turned dark , the windows suddenly submerged in the foliage .
but compared to a few seconds before , when the straining engines had failed and the beech king had torn into the tree canopy , ripping through the foliage on the way to the forest floor , it seemed like silence .
thomas looked out through the shattered cockpit window , staring out into the foliage .
the foliage started to shake .
the foliage outside shook with more violence .
another hit , as aimed , in the other leg , and the vampire again stumbled , tumbling forward onto the leaf - covered turf .
for jenny chapter one in midsummer darkness , the man walked up the hill into the woods , allowing the perspiring and fragrant foliage to enclose him .
the man sucked on his bottom lip for a second , then reached down and pulled a blade of grass from the ground , twisted off the root and leaf from the bottom of the stem , placed the twisted end in his mouth and began to chew .
off in the distance behind him , the man heard a crash as a large branch hit the leaf - littered floor of the woods .
small bushes , covered in thorns , sat squat on the ground , their foliage unfurling under the pounding summer sunlight .
the trees and leaf litter surrounded them quickly , and as they continued down the hill the smell and sound of the forest became overwhelming .
at the base of the valley , where several downhill slopes converged was a large pool , fed by a rushing waterfall that seemed to just appear from a rocky overhang at the base of one of the hills that surrounded them , its clear water reflecting the green of the trees and the pale orange of the early evening sky that could be seen from the gap in the foliage above them .
the others followed single file , trying to avoid poison ivy and areas where the leaf litter might have been concealing dips and holes in the ground .
the planks on the side of the shack were covered with a thick layer of grime and dust , from year after year of unobstructed and uninterrupted winds , blowing leaf litter and seeds and dirt against it .
they had grown into a rough horseshoe shape , their branches intertwining to form a thick , dense , wall of foliage .
some of the foliage and structures in proximity to the wilderings doom had caught fire as well , and parts of downtown were now blackened rubble .
i stood there , chilled to the bone without the heat generated by charon , and stared at the thick foliage .
the wind buffeted the large craft as if it were a leaf in a gale .
for a split second , i saw amber - colored eyes in the foliage .
max started to bark and snap at the air , but when i peered into the foliage and thick brush , i could nt see a thing .
the rain continued to come down in pouring sheets , its intensity cut only by the monstrously thick foliage that hung densely around the crash site .
he beat his way through the foliage toward the front , where the cabin was hoisted above the ground .
the plane was a wet shadow huddled against two gigantic , scarred trees in the bleak light , and as they approached , something hunched and black - coated lit out with amazing agility , disappearing in a rush of torn foliage .
thick foliage shrouded any ray of sunlight lucky enough to break through the tight canopy , shattering it into minute prisms of shafted light that hung suspended in the air .
he reached over and plucked a nearby leaf .
very carefully quimlicu peeled back the leaf fragment and stabbed the pointed stick into the moist skin of the kokoa frog trapped in the funnel .
his eyes sharpened as his gun - hand brushed through the thick vines and other foliage with a steadiness that surprised and invigorated him .
his arms were tired from pulling and pushing at the ponderous vines and other foliage that lined every step of the goddamn way .
not a single leaf stirred , not a whisper of air entered the cramped kitchen to offer respite from the summer heat .
disintegrating miles of concrete structures to replace it with trees and foliage .
here we were , honoring our home by not disturbing a single leaf or grain of sand upon it .
after another couple of minutes they got to a break in the foliage where the road widened out and carter steered left again .
on the far side of the creek ran a long length of hurricane fence completely engulfed by foliage and young trees .
tomas let his car go into a coast ( he did nt want his own taillights flashing , oftentimes it was the little things that eventually got you clipped ) and marked the other car by the foliage on the right side of the road .
the band of squirrels that d set upon the colonel had settled into the top of a large elm and stripped every leaf from it in some mindless fury .
just to the left was the slope of a roof , its line unmistakable in the foliage .
the figure ranged ahead , disappeared into thicker foliage .
hunched his shoulders and bulled into the thick foliage himself .
he let his foot off the brake and coasted into the cover of the foliage .
the foliage had thinned this close in and he instinctively bent low , moving forward , his senses alive to any unfamiliar movement .
regardless of his stealth , he could not pass through the thick foliage silently .
he wanted the gun in his hand but right now both were busy threading through the foliage that seemed almost sentiently against him getting through .
he thought he heard a noise behind him , somewhere out there past the fence , in the wild miasma of foliage .
wooden floors concealed by a cheap brown rug with a green leaf pattern , a lightly torn brown couch , an unmade bed , and large speakers against the wall by the windowproof enough that someone lived there .
the vibrant green colors , as i see them briefly pass over my eyes as the next large leaf slaps me around my cheek , are a good change from the bland sand and billowing dunes of the desert we just crossed .
i can make out some bobbing , reptile like heads weaving and forcing their way though the dense foliage below .
it was a red bottle shaped like a strawberry with a green leaf cap .
aaron watched her for a minute , rolling up her leaf piles and then diving into them squealing .
aaron shot a glance at avaleenshe was making a leaf angeland started rubbing the rope against the jagged tree bark .
the wooden walls of the shack blended in with all the foliage like flat tree trunks creating the atmosphere of a forest clearing on a still summer afternoon .
back in the white room , lorz looked past the inspectors triumphant red face at a hazy tree in leaf framed by the window like a captionless poster .
the thick foliage of the trees , the years of dust and dirt on the floor and the walls all pointed towards the same conclusion .
the next day as he came back from the office , he found some berries and fruits placed outside his front door on a plantain leaf .
the plantain leaf with the fruits was there .
hari could just hear snatches of her talk , there is too little time , i can not let that happen she seemed to saying over and over and then she walked away and disappeared in the thick foliage .
said i in the gentlest voice , ` ` the key is down by the front steps , under a plantain leaf ! ''
` ` the key is down by the front door , under a plantain leaf ! ''
the ground shook as though thousands of horses thundered across it ; and this time the storm bore on its icy wings , not snow , but great hailstones which drove with such violence that they might have come from the thongs of balearic slingers -- hailstones that beat down leaf and branch and made the shelter of the cypresses of no more avail than though their stems were standing corn .
he pointed down to the grey walls of the gothic building partly visible through the foliage , a little way down the steep .
in this solitude , having just listened to so strange a story , connected , as it was , with the great and titled dead , whose monuments were moldering among the dust and ivy round us , and every incident of which bore so awfully upon my own mysterious casein this haunted spot , darkened by the towering foliage that rose on every side , dense and high above its noiseless wallsa horror began to steal over me , and my heart sank as i thought that my friends were , after all , not about to enter and disturb this triste and ominous scene .
his face was brown and dried in with deep furrows ; he wore an oddly - shaped hat with a broad leaf .
he stood in a large greenhouse - styled room ; it was completely encased in glass and was filled with a great many types of lush green foliage .
the car was parked away from the cabin , but he could see them through the foliage very clearly as it was thinned out .
she was shaking like the last leaf on a tree , threatening to blow away forever .
his old somewhat tattered flag featured a large green marijuana leaf on a white background .
he thought , nearly panicking as he eased back into the foliage .
flying high above elasvai in his astral body , chariah observed as much as possible about the garden planet during his drug trip , etching maps of blood in his brain with psychic blades for his memory to absorb , noting various features of the landscape , climate , foliage , and indigenous life forms .
the siamese twin demons had highly developed powers of camouflage , both physical and spiritual , an aspect inherent to and derived from their garden planet and its flora and fauna , which hunted and were hunted amongst the foliage - laden paradise in an eternal predator / prey continuum .
drelrei plucked another coca leaf from a nearby tree and began to chew .
` ` either an infinite amount , i would speculate , or none at all '' , spoke junisia , as she , too , partook of another coca leaf .
old leaf covered pits were disturbed , the necrodelic and oneirophage impaled briefly on the wooden stakes below , then ricocheting from the walls of the pit and being dragged into further torment .
every plant , every flower , every leaf were all lit by his pyromantic breath , but instead of bursting into flame , they kindled like hemp in a pipe .
a forest of books grew out of this landscape and invited people of all ages to enter and become blissfully lost in the foliage and growth of narrative and poetry , fact and fiction .
* * * the east side of the island had more foliage and rocks .
it seemed with each passing half - mile the scenery changed , opening even more dense foliage .
above me , the ever - growing buildings seemed to curl in the winds of the stratosphere like the smoke plumes from leaf pile fires dragged by saturday afternoon breezes .
the sun was starting to sink behind the trees and the air held a leaf scented chill when i stepped up to the stone and ran my fingers over alastors name .
they used the shadows like trees and foliage to glide in and out of , so one moment there was a striped glimpse , then they were gone .
we 'll make a fort , we 'll make a leaf , we 'll make a bird , we 'll make a bird , we 'll make a hand , we 'll make a blue one , we 'll ... '' she trailed off , looking up at stars that turned on the night like a clock .
and it is pete moore who actually finds her , looking wildly around at the others from a filthy concrete drainpipe that pokes out of the slope and tangled foliage : ' she 's in here ! '
5 owen underhill is standing on the slope very near to the pipe which juts out of the foliage , and he sees them help the muddy , wild - eyed girl - josie - out of the pipe .
a line from thomas wolfe occurred to him - o lost , a stone , a leaf , a unfound door .
not a stone or a leaf , not an unfound door , but a cribbage board and a deck of cards .
beyond it , the road swung inland and the foliage crowded up in a way i found first interesting , then awesome , then claustrophobic .
little by little the light brightened as the foliage cleared out overhead .
i did n't feel particularly hungry , but i made myself slop a few tablespoons of tuna salad onto a lettuce leaf and washed it down with a glass of milk .
petals of bone protruded through the lank foliage of his dark hair .
outside , a wind shook the massed foliage in the courtyard ; the rhododendrons nodded their heads and we could hear the steady , sleepy sound of the waves pounding the shore .
` ` drawbridge is still up i can see the western leaf against the sky from here .
she said the army air corps did testing off the south end of duma during world war ii and managed to poison that end of the island , which is probably why the foliage grows so rank in most places .
the foliage had interlaced above us , blotting out most of the sky .
yet i did not hear a single bird calling in that mass of junk foliage .
i kept expecting the road to break down entirely , but the thick interlacing foliage overhead had protected it from the elements to some degree , and it never quite did .
the foliage closed in one final time banyans and scrub pines choked with gray beards of spanish moss but jack bulled the mercedes through , and all at once the undergrowth drew back .
clicked out the tip of my ballpoint and drew this : [ graphic of a curled crescent - shaped leaf ] ' it looks sort of like a smile , ' the kid said .
he checked something , nodded , and pushed a button on the side of the viewmaster thing three times , presumably taking pictures of the leaf fragments on the microscope 's stage .
no one wants to end up counting on a game of pepper or a four - leaf clover today .
moving like wind that never stirred a leaf , or brushed a twig , like a silent movable storm that was coming just for us .
normally i like the sound , but tonight it was distracting , and the leaf movement made me jumpy .
from here the kenduskeag was only a series of twinkles seen through breaks in the thick foliage .
not until you went to bed and could n't sleep ; not until the last four pieces ot candy , wrapped in tissues and kept under your pillow against the evils of the night , were gobbled up ; not until the bed itself turned into a lake of rancid dreams and the wind screamed outside and you were afraid to look at the window because there might be a face there , an ancient grinning face that had not rotted but simply dried like an old leaf , its eyes sunken diamonds pushed deep into dark sockets ; not until you saw one ripped and claw like hand holding out a bunch of balloons : see the sights , have a balloon , feed the elephants , ride the chute - the - chutes !
the foliage was lusher , deeper , savagely fragrant .
he and mike began to move toward the sound of the running water without speaking , pushing their way through the strange foliage .
on her left , through occasional breaks in the foliage , she could see old lyme street .
she followed them into heavy foliage again .
the sound of running water grew steadily louder , but they still almost fell into the kenduskeag before any of them saw it : the foliage had grown up in a tangled wall on the edge of the embankment .
bill stood mesmerized , watching his brother come toward him , george again after all these years , it was george at the end as it had been george at the beginning , oh yes , and he could hear the creak of george 's yellow slicker as george closed the distance , he could hear the jingle of the buckles on his overshoes and he could smell something like wet leaves , as if underneath the slicker george 's body was made of them , as if the feet inside george 's galoshes were leaf - feet , yes , a leaf - man , that was it , that was george , he was a rotted balloon face and a body made of dead leaves , the kind that sometimes choke the sewers after a flood .
bill stood mesmerized , watching his brother come toward him , george again after all these years , it was george at the end as it had been george at the beginning , oh yes , and he could hear the creak of george 's yellow slicker as george closed the distance , he could hear the jingle of the buckles on his overshoes and he could smell something like wet leaves , as if underneath the slicker george 's body was made of them , as if the feet inside george 's galoshes were leaf - feet , yes , a leaf - man , that was it , that was george , he was a rotted balloon face and a body made of dead leaves , the kind that sometimes choke the sewers after a flood .
but the proprietor of needful things was silent , simply standing there , watching hugh priest with his black indian eyes over the foliage of his feather - duster .
the spilled blood was mostly pooled between the victims and in the leaf - choked gutter beside them , but a fine spray of dropletswhat the forensics boys called the area around them in a rough circle .
keeping to the overgrown foliage around the river , tobin and i trudged through the mud to the looming blackwell street bridge .
written on the side , in faded letters , was this word : pomona beside the word was a picture of an orange with one leaf clinging to the stem .
a small drop - leaf table was set with a couple of mismatched plates and glasses which had animated cartoon figures dancing around the rims - jelly glasses , ben thought with amusement .
he sighed , and the whistle of air seemed to shake his frame like a dead leaf on a november maple .
' a leaf clinging to his coat , maybe ?
gleaming dark formica tables , an ashtray on each one , a book of matches in each ashtray , the words colorado lounge stamped on each in gold leaf above the batwing - door logo .
it seemed to be trying to hold him , to suck him back down , back into the concrete ring where that unseen , leaf - crackling thing was , and keep him there .
there was one word stamped in gold leaf on the book 's cover , and the word was ledger .
he wondered if he had been wrong about harold turning over a new leaf .
a stone , a leaf , an unfound door .
he battered into her , invader , destroyer , and the cold blood gushed down her thighs and then he was in her , all the way up to her womb , and the moon was in her eyes , cold and silver fire , and when he came it was like molten iron , molten pig iron , molten brass , and she came herself , came in screaming , incredible pleasure , came in terror , in horror , passing through the pig - iron and brass gates into the desert land of insanity , chased through , blown through like a leaf by the bellowing of his laughter , watching his face melt away , and now it was the shaggy face of a demon lolling just above her face , a demon with glaring yellow lamps for eyes , windows into a hell never even considered , and still there was that awful good humor in them , eyes that had watched down the crooked alleys of a thousand tenebrous night towns ; those eyes were glaring and glinting and finally stupid .
directly ahead was a narrow but perfectly clear sightline back to the road , a tunnel with sides of leaf and fern and pine needles .
singer stood up , his face the color of a blazing autumn leaf , and delicately set the tips of his fingers atop his desk .
far away , two men in plaid jackets and baseball caps labored with leaf - blower and rake down on the stretch of lawn surrounding the most distant group of buildings .
jack wiggled forward across the sand until he had made it behind the first tall outcropping of rock ; then he simply stopped moving and lay with his head on his hands , richard light as a leaf on his back , breathing hard .
not a single leaf whispered .
later , when she got home , she would find a crisp yellow oak leaf caught in it .
a police cruiser with castle county sheriff in gold leaf on the door was parked in front of jon 's .
it fluttered down like a leaf and landed print side up among the other letters , all the other letters .
' hello , johnny , ' she murmured , and the wind walked softly through the trees that burned and blazed ; a red leaf flipped its way across the bright blue sky and landed , unnoticed , in her hair .
i kept my grip on my wolf , but the rest of me i gave to richard , and gradually i could taste pine , and leaf mold , rich and thick and foresty .
where his feet had touched -- or seemed to touch - there was not a single broken twig , crushed leaf , or trampled shoeshape .
one woods road led into another , and finally they crashed out of a scree of foliage and onto a dirt road butch recognized as albion town road no .
ginelli pulled over to the curb , and billy saw by the sign that they were on the corner of union street and west broadway -summer trees , full of foliage , murmured in a mild breeze .
it was one of those mysterious things that just happen over a course of years , like the shape of a leaf sinking into a rock .
as i reloaded my injection rifle , i rushed through the foliage , following her tracks .
but the shape does n't respond , turning instead and ascending the path , disappearing into the dense foliage .
abraham todd is like a delicate autumn leaf , brother .
there is a leaf of scalp adhered to one breast , and she plucks it away by the hair and lets it drop on the ground .
together , mr . and mrs . falls and stephanie , watched as mrs . webster 's eerie gloves groped blindly for the big palm leaf .
she picked a leaf from a tree lining the road and asked , so , what are you going to do ?
the foliage cover around here should be good , but i might still get spied , if they look real hard .
michelle felt like a slightly delirious leaf in a whirlwind .
she opened the babys clutched fist and slid the stem of the leaf into it .
then a leaf on the next branch overan acquaintance , no more than thatlet go , and slid sideways , then twirling , to the patio below , landing on another leaf , practically covering it .
then a leaf on the next branch overan acquaintance , no more than thatlet go , and slid sideways , then twirling , to the patio below , landing on another leaf , practically covering it .
at that point , no one cared that leaf rosie screamed at her kids or leaf nancy drank herself stupid or leaf michelle sought solace in the arms of strange male leaves on this night or that night .
at that point , no one cared that leaf rosie screamed at her kids or leaf nancy drank herself stupid or leaf michelle sought solace in the arms of strange male leaves on this night or that night .
at that point , no one cared that leaf rosie screamed at her kids or leaf nancy drank herself stupid or leaf michelle sought solace in the arms of strange male leaves on this night or that night .
the motion made the yellow leaf wave , and he finally seemed to see it , though it had been at the end of his arm for a while .
before long , they came to a clearing surrounded by bushes and heavy foliage .
she asked what she was supposed to be looking at , but he hushed her , and bid her wait a moment and in that moment a fat white cloud idly passing across the sun changed the light imperceptibly , and now the waves appeared to run clear , and uncover beneath them a tracery of darker green , shimmering on the sea bed , a very garden of patterned foliage under the water , forming a broad square maze .
there is a gum tree right outside her apartment so it is easy for pearl to make a cup of her favourite gum leaf tea at any time .
because there was not much time he quickly made some over easy spider eggs , accompanied by some gum leaf toast washed down with some of louies favourite tea , a special blend of tussock grass tips that he bought at the super market , known as tg tips .
the three shared a cup of gum leaf tea and talked some more before heading off out and away to the tunnel .
there was a dead leaf lying on the rock beside them .
i wonder if we can revive this leaf ?
the pair tried by squeezing their left fists near the leaf .
back at pearls apartment , pearl made some hot strong gum leaf tea and louie took a hot bath and massaged his bruised body .
lulu made some delicious dandelion leaf sandwiches toasted in buttercup oil .
today louie was doing over easy spider eggs with gum leaf toast and of course accompanied by tg tips tea .
just by the waters edge was a sycamore leaf that had been dried and curled in the sun .
louie would push the leaf out onto the calm waters of the inlet .
the leaf floated beautifully .
louie would hold the leaf while lulu placed the two little bees on it .
louie walked the leaf up and down the length of the inlet with the wee bees onboard .
tiger and lily rushed from side to side of the leaf in excitement while louie paddled along in the shallows of the inlet .
as with the trip two years earlier pearl had packed her thermoth and they all sat around enjoying a hot cup of gum leaf tea .
ill make you a cup of gum leaf tea before we go if you like ?
import kindly made them all a cup of gum leaf tea and the trio filed into louies office .
louie , lulu and pearl sat around the table in louies office sipping their gum leaf tea and pearl explained the plan she had , it went like this : there were two main issues .
this is where my relationship with the green leaf began and it was my younger brother that introduced me to it .
that s what i learned at the nigerian hostage negotiation school : you ve got to float like a leaf on a river , man .
i felt like one of those saints , man , like an icon made of gold leaf .
he circled the tractor , gingerly removing a twig here or a leaf there and visually assessing the damage done by time and neglect to the brass or iron or wooden surfaces .
chapter 7 i a damselfly darted from one leaf to another .
there was a brief shot of foster in the garden , some distance from the camera and partially obscured by foliage as the camera panned to follow him .
he parked under a douglas fir he d once slept in , needles in is shirt , and with the parcel on his lap contemplated the arboreal , the leaf and bark , green and brown of a kingdom moist and dry , as full of life as death , a silent laboratory occupied with the manufacture of noise .
immediately birds shuffled amid foliage spiked and broad .
he walked around back , crunching through foliage and snow , both now floating to ground in a mixed salad of white and green leaves , fruits andskis , his skis , poking from a drift in an array of tines , a sculpture sprouting from a large steel bucket , consisting of sports equipment and artificial limbs , a spare parts bin for the athletic amputee .
there were puddles in the alley , shrinking in the may heat , glossy pools that reflected the scene around them , captured the light like a camera lens , images of brick and leaf and cloud .
he called out and john appeared from behind some foliage .
the next sign pictured a brown leaf with a number sixteen in the center .
over the edge of a small ravine he could see the back end of the car sticking out of the foliage .
steak garnished with a delectable green leaf of parsley .
` ` hmmm ... '' murmured mitch as he stooped over to brush an ant from the leaf of one of his tomato plants .
it was so quiet you could almost hear a ladybug walking across the leaf of one of mitchs wilting tomato plants in the window .
it was a beautiful fall day , crisp and full of colourful foliage .
there was a new charm , a little four leaf clover studded with green emeralds .
his linens gleamed with thousands of encrusted of jewels and sequins and sitting perched on his head was a tall white crown with the initials s and n emblazoned in gold leaf .
and that was where owen took them , dancing with trees in the moonlight and leaving a trail of broken foliage .
i got smacked in the face so many times , i was pretty sure i had permanent leaf prints on my face .
a maple leaf floated down onto the table .
i have some nice earl grey , not bags , but loose leaf .
time is like a caterpillar on a leaf it chews away and chews away until there s nothing left for it to stand on .
the foliage of the tree they d struck came towards them , attempting to force them through the floor .
there was only foliage .
a rustling in the foliage drew bobby 's attention .
a vague squeaking was followed by a car of modern sport quality leaping from the foliage and off into the distance at pace .
chris stopped the group to announce their arrival at his home , although only foliage surrounded them .
` ` t'is a dried out leaf stewed in hot water . ''
` ` what type of leaf ? ''
the mound they 'd landed on , a mound that would one day grow to be known as noel hill , sat amidst a mangle of foliage .
` ` do you really think the evil bad guy at the centre of all this is behind this foliage ? ''
upon reaching a required speed the foliage at the top of the oak descended and rose again in an instant .
any attempts at generating the speed required to move the foliage had been thwarted .
the sudden noise and deluge of foliage suggested something had happened .
weed : he stripped every leaf , the bastard .
it made the foliage of malabar hill smolder before him green and then greener still .
he lived in a crumbling , columned mansion that had been in the kumar family for generations , and the hot afternoon sunlight , dappled by the jubilant curtains of malabar green ( its heat effectively ratcheted down a notch by the cool foliage ) was kindly caressing the outwardly genteel scene when arden arrived .
their voluminous foliage was then carefully arranged so as to achieve the most picturesque and mellow shading of the north side of the house , hmm ?
then the reading room of the public library beneath a quarto - sized book ( serving as his fig leaf ) , when a prissy but curvaceous librarian , between checking out books and answering membership queries , kept returning to stacking the shelves right in front of him .
no thrill of a real life kill , no ( muted ) scream of terror and bubbling blood escaping the doomed wildebeests shocked lips , then there was no blood - lusty fun in even half watching lonesome - sounding fish kites had returned to the late afternoon skies outside but their shrill calls were no longer noteworthy as the two men relented to the munchies , slowly disposing of their own fish meal , the banana leaf wrapped fillets of hilsa with chutney , known to the locals as patra ni machhi .
and did you know you have a leaf stuck in your hair ?
after his dismissal from sherlocks smoked leaf emporium , he had quickly landed another job and had been making ends meet by rolling pastries at a local bakery .
it looked like each present was literally wrapped in layers of pure gold leaf !
he heard the shuffling foliage and held his breath once more .
he heard the sound of a zip being quickly retied and running feet through the foliage away from him into the clearing .
the miracle leaf of antoine chapter four ... .. ola hodaka , old friend chapter five ... .. llama of rectitude chapter six ... .. dashing skeet burnisher chapter seven ... .. what april aprs brought chapter eight ... ..
yes , it was good to be a small leaf in the tossed salad bowl of life once again .
chapter three the miracle leaf of antoine through this gate enters and departs the world 's most astute financial investor .
so the inscription stated on the gold leaf hand - carved signage positioned directly above the wrought iron entrance of the fenced - in ocho rios compound .
chew this leaf like a stick of gum for three hours .
several rounds from a firearm framed my space in rapid succession , evidenced by the rustling of foliage around my head and the small explosions of earth just beyond my front tire .
he came to himself shaking like a leaf and very clearly not all right , but he assured the man that it was just a passing moment and he would be fit enough in a couple of minutes .
she looked at the half plant standing in the pot , then she looked up at the top of the window before which the plant had been standing , she could see a leaf caught there .
sun on the rocks episode four the bahamas lotion chapter one little cayman airport , cayman islands twenty five year old malibu teleoperator clarity nice , wearing an open shouldered blue color blouse , washed pale blue jeans , short white socks and brown loafers borrowed from somerset , an attractive assistant of cayman islands de facto bank owner buddha talk , boarded the brand new seven four seven painted bay leaf , green blue , a plane owned by the lofty buddha air leasing company , in a hurry .
drade smiled to himself when he remembered how harris had hidden another residents bicycle in full view in garden , disguising it as a snow - covered bush , complete with little pieces of foliage poking out a few weeks ago , during some rare winter weather .
anyway , i remember there was once i saw these little ants who are always working , going here and there , caring a little sand or perhaps a small leaf for to build their houses .
bert flew down into the mess of foliage and alighted on purplebeards nose .
a leaf of iceberg lettuce , a scoop of potato salad , a roll of salmon , a gherkin and a couple of capers .
he opted for the beef rendang , and there , in the top left hand corner , the now familiar cupped iceberg lettuce leaf , like a hand , offering its dollop of potato salad , a roll of smoked salmon , a splayed gherkin and a peppering of capers .
first , we had a huge leaf fight .
i blew it out with the leaf blower .
soon the fading sun pierces through a red stained autumn leaf .
la jeune singapourienne lavait beaucoup amuse au restaurant dsert du leaf , la veille .
just as the bass strummed a low rhythm , a call wrenched forth from what i guessed was the giant leaf frog indigenous to the western and northern regions of brazil .
but , since i recently read an article about the giant leaf frog and the medicinal potential of its waxy secretion leading to bio piracy of the species , it was the first frog that came to mind .
she takes a leaf between her thumb and index finger and gently wipes dust from a thriving plant before thanking her lucky stars for its simple beauty .
her mottled hand rested as light as a leaf in his , her eyes , shrunk within her parchment yellow face , pleading with him .
what was it with these suburban weekend warriors and their chainsaws , whipper snippers and leaf blowers ?
it looks like rubie has well and truly turned over a new leaf , thommo was saying as he returned with the drinks .
turning over a new leaf ?
the trees clustered tightly together , blocking out most of the light with overlapping lower branches and foliage to discourage entry .
a leaf twirled past his face and he realised : none of these extra noises were being made at ground level .
a new leaf , mr . mcdougal .
he made the last turn , and found a pull off into the long leaf pine woods .
the wall has green foliage spilling from its top .
she held the brittle leaf over her mortar and quickly broke it up into numerous pieces , allowing the small fragments to drop into the bowl .
helstof said , fig leaf .
a fig leaf is too much ?
now , how do you design a fig leaf costume that is both aesthetically pleasing and fully functional ?
roger and the whosey were particularly distracted , sitting next to each other and wondering when , where , and how gale and helstof were going to do their costume fitting of the fig leaf on big bart , the guy who could throw women up in the air with one arm , them achieving a suborbital state of weightlessness at the zenith of the trajectory .
big bart , thong and fig leaf .
well , we have some fig leaf designs done .
there was one designed like a miniature golden fleece , a small american flag , an actual ruby red fig leaf , a twirling comet , and lastly , a reproduction of the mona lisas smile .
an hour and a half after the order , three agents entered the theater on john street and stood in the back , looking at a lot of people on the stage , several of whom appeared to be naked , but upon closer inspection , were found to be wearing tiny little pieces of cloth covering their privates ; one a miniature golden fleece , one a ruby red fig leaf , two a twirling comet , and one a reproduction of the mona lisas smile .
gale let out an orgasmic squeal when , in the third act , the four principle male dancers appeared in her fig leaf costumes , and the woman had to clap a hand over her mouth .
then a slice of tomato , a leaf of lettuce and a ... a patty of ground beef so exquisite , swirling in your mouth , breaking apart , and combining again in a fugue of sweets and savor so delightful .
for instance , a leaf or two atop a pound patty , a slice of cheddar cheese and three healthy pieces of smoked applewood bacon is perfectly acceptable .
well , greg , i ' ve got a plan to get them lot back for keeping on making my bogs smell of that wanja leaf , barry told me , leaning in closely and lowering his already gravel - like voice .
in the middle of calls they suddenly go nuts at the front doori used to go see what the issue was that was creating such a stir but one can only do this so often to find the problem was a robin sitting menacingly on the front steps of the house or perhaps a blowing leaf that was in view between naps .
in the end we suffered extreme leaf damage the next week i was home / on vacation .
i hauled them over to the capitol building so they could look at the massive dome of authentic gold leaf .
it was nothing but merely dried and lifeless trunk of a tall tree , which did nt have on it even a single green leaf or branch .
i plucked off a big fresh leaf and came back with it .
i put the banana leaf over platform carefully .
i took out all the berries , lilies and jasmine ; and had put them over the leaf now .
she folded the banana leaf twice while keeping all the flowers inside it .
i know you 're shaking like a leaf .
so he made his way carefully down the leaf - mated slopes , the ground now and then sliding from under his feet , or the roots rising up to trip him .
contract awarded to the chap with the rosy cheeks , red nose and green shirt with a leaf on it .
he sighs , looks up at the clouds considering the possibility of rain , and back down at a leaf randomly laying five hundred feet from the nearest tree .
i could n't believe it , but i was shaking like a leaf .
a dry and wrinkled bonsai leaf was stuck between its teeth .
we stand out front and i ' m shaking like a leaf .
time to make like a leaf and , well , get the fuck out of here .
it was dressed in a toronto maple leaf 's goalie costume .
` ` maybe it was admiring the maple leaf on your sweater . ''
was it possible to go insane simply as a consequence of donning a toronto maple leaf 's outfit ?
doubling a toronto maple leaf goalie would accomplish nothing .
deeper and deeper he ran where the foliage grew thicker and thicker and the air became darker and darker .
red gripped vena 's leaf fingers and reeled -- which probably meant he was not a fan of roller coasters .
he 'd learned the hard way about water lilies and what could be lurking in them , so he hid himself behind a large , strategically placed leaf .
` ` odd looking leaf , '' said neville .
merlin was getting ready to turn edwardian into a plaster poet , with a stocking cap and shoes with curled - up toes , when a great roaring and rumbling made the entire house shake like a leaf .
the sun played peek - a - boo with the woods thick foliage , casting long shadows that stretched over the road and front gardens , kissing the chimney tops .
* * * * * in a caf along the rocky highlands of yemen , a bunch of young men carrying ceremonial daggers and chewing the hallucinogenic qat leaf stopped plotting the overthrow of their government and yelled at the tv screen .
two gift fish were carefully wrapped in a giant leaf from a nearby tree and bil - ee faked some sort of ceremonial sign on it that he figured would make a good impression on the gaspachos chief .
the piece of paper , fluttering like a leaf in the wind , finally landed on the floor , face up to show to the world in general the words : ` ` not today , pal . ''
and do these tumtum trees often toss their leaves down to the ground as a favor to leaf - eating cows ? ''
then he bethought himself of the hockey wars he had witnessed on earth tv , and he made a quick trip to maple leaf gardens , home of the majestic toronto maple leafs .
he lifted a glass filled with a mojito , and brought it to his lips , chewing on the mint leaf .
monteviena cigars , shaped as parejo , pyramid or presidente , came in three varieties , with a different leaf wrapper each , giving either a mild to medium flavor , a distinct taste , or rich and full flavored .
clarity saw swarez and naomi swim amidst the cigar leaf pulp while cubandor ensured paige was safe .
stenophylla was said to be more flavorful than arabica , and even more resistant to the leaf rust problem that devastated most of the plantations .
the night before , he 'd tried to eat some soft food , the human equivalent of a lettuce leaf , and cried with pain .
poplar leaf , their leader , leaped to the ice , slapped his sword against his shield , and made a speech .
said poplar leaf .
wailed poplar leaf .
` ` the same thing happened to charlemagne and alaric , '' said poplar leaf .
poplar leaf eyed the females warily .
yelled poplar leaf .
asked poplar leaf .
poplar leaf felt his beak and thought about needles .
poplar leaf and quaking aspen had to step in and break it up before the viking horde was reduced to a token force .
a sole fireman was standing on a propped ladder , reaching out in an act of friendly persuasion to bring down a discouraged cat or bird , or someone else , from behind the cover of thick foliage .
only the pavement and the green road signs remained from their point of departure ; the foliage around the signs was trimmed with care .
the only snake i could clearly see near - a - by was our tea leaf reader .
nick fumbled for the relieving citrus before shoving a piece in his mouth ; he relaxed and enjoyed the soothing effects like applying a dock leaf to a nettle sting .
she could n't imagine that even a leaf blower would be able to blow her aside after chencha told her the big news .
for a length of time , i carried weird fears of something macabre and unwholesome sprouting from my name , as if tweety plants were growing from it , the type that sweepingly and swiftly takes over your indoor garden and covers the other green foliage over , choking it .
occasionally iestyn broke off a twig or ripped at a leaf , the only sounds to compete with birdsong , the babble and chatter of water dancing over pebbles and sand and their own softly murmuring voices .
` ` a little research , '' veda replied , pulling a strand of washed out brown hair from under a beef leaf .
these experiments , in spite of the warnings of several prominent plant and eco - biologists that no good could possibly result from any process of cross - breeding that bore such a strong resemblance to the creation of frankenstein 's monster , culminated in the short - lived but spectacularly successful jersey piper , recognisable by the streaks of maroon in the bushy lushness of its foliage , and the exceptionally large head , earning the tuber the sobriquet spud head ( latin : potatalis frankensteinis ) .
marla moved restlessly behind the foliage of romance .
the thick , glossy foliage of the green drooped before her in slumbering menace .
beetles hunted through the leaf litter , picking out the noisiest complainers and making a meal out of their gripes .
with the help of the foliage and assorted flora , and illogical womans lilting voice , inaction man made it to the wall .
no more lost years of trying to discern his mission in the fall of a leaf .
it was the perfect atmosphere - the air was fresh and the surrounding trees cut out all noise from the city , leaving behind only the sound of fresh water flowing towards the sea , wind cutting through the foliage , and the occasional rustling of bushes as a family of deer ambled aimlessly through the sheltered oasis .
more ginolium leaf dear ?
zarg loved the leaf of the ginolium .
ted swigged his water in the hope it would dislodge a chunk of leaf from his throat .
as each member of the heroic foursome wondered if the others had heard the foliage yelp in pain , a larger question appeared with a thump .
simply inviting yourself round to sit would be frowned upon , but to hide behind the cloak of sharing a stewed leaf opens our hearts to each other .
contents chapter thirty three danger peered out from the foliage shed been hiding in for the last few hours .
paddington glanced at the endless foliage surrounding them .
the two men entered the foliage and soon all that could be seen of them were beams of white torchlight in the dark .
something moved in the foliage , but it was gone before he could point his light at it .
the vampires launched out of the foliage and landed with easy grace .
each pot had a small tag indicating species and genus , and each plant was missing a leaf , or a limb , or its roots .
do you see on my collar railroad tracks or a maple leaf or a bird or stars ? ''
a silver oak leaf shined down at me like an interrogation lamp .
the silver oak leaf said it all .
the ranger tab on pfeffer 's shoulder scared me almost as much as the silver oak leaf on the lieutenant colonel .
she stopped , finding a spot where the foliage was open enough for her to see the sky .
especially , when i see that someone has missed the idea altogether and posted a turd wrapped in a leaf through the slot , only for it to be smeared over the push door opening of the bin .
but the coniferous just would nt allow it , as the foliage continued to thicken every time troy and lacy changed their perspective .
` ` leaf 27 , iota 38 , variant 5 of nerdgirl 2 , and 1/5s charismatic .
daytime gave way to evening ; evening to full - on night , and a few actually assembled that saturday for the weeks close , a group of nerd - girls ( low status ) , tusk independent , leaf 4 and 5 , but no others , only seven therefore , whilst there was a group around some taiwanese and another group around boy-3 .
leaf -4 and -5 for the last time attempted to flirt with tusk , and tusk , though normally completely game , had surrendered to aesthetics as well and saw the underlying beauty , one in which desire had been floated away , and the outcome , now decided , was nevertheless a beautiful and wild thing .
below , lesser foliage spreads across the land in profusion , separated by plain and tundra and steppe , each open expanse teeming with various living things all intermingled in harmony .
compared to the daylight it was almost dark under the foliage .
on the outside the designer home was a masterpiece , just the perfectly situated building to suit the hillside and the natural quality of light and foliage .
it was ` ` i '' , the everyday ` ` i '' , who was drifting above the rooftops , and the only unusual thing about it was the fact of drifting thus and the perspective , everything and everybody foreshortened down below , the trees seen from top of their spreading foliage , new vistas swimming into my field of vision in the same way as if i were just strolling along , instead of lazily floating , effortlessly .
the foliage is just hanging there , wild grass and weeds abound , the lawns are badly mowed .
or he returns it back like a dry leaf so not to give the opponent power .
he budded with the leaves come leaf - time .
it cared little for those who would make of its image a tool for gain , either the trees whose fruits and foliage stored its energy or the men who later released that force , spawning flame .
there was curiosity in leaf fronds .
breathing deeply , he wiped his sword before regarding her , thin and dirty , feet bare and toes curled in the powdery leaf litter .
an army , a diverse alliance of far - flung powers , lay in part broken before the sturdy defences of the tall men 's fastness , the living remainder camped a short distance away midst the uniform trees , the needled foliage .
the ground was flat , the trees , although older , grown to maturity , were likened one unto another , a rough backdrop of serrated foliage against whose staunch presence the sun itself might be intimidated into straying from course .
not a leaf could fall without him .
within its circular wall the rock gave way to a plot of rich earth and the well to a great tree , a towering fir whose cone of branches blocked most of the light , whose silvery foliage captured a moist gauze of dew .
she slipped on a pair of black shoes with a gold fastener ; they were much fancier than her usual work - boots and were a gift from grandmother , along with the golden leaf dress .
she reached in to find a small golden ring with a smaller emerald gemstone set in its leaf design .
these patterns of light and dark made it difficult to distinguish a leaf from a rock .
then nearby he heard an animal crunching through the leaf litter and felt a chill of primordial fear .
he felt lost , confused , angry , a leaf in the wind , a witness to his own inertia , and he could see no way to free himself from this dilemma .
lining the sides of the road winding through the graveyard stood rows of sycamores , very old if their height , spread , and the sparseness of foliage were reliable indicators .
how much i dread the end of summer its coming , love , bloods in the leaf , bright shoots of crimson before octobers hemorrhage .
even though i myself enjoy a brazilian cigar , deep brown leaf , tightly wrapped , after dinner , there s no smoking in my work place .
minette riordan , ph.d . , president of scissortail publishing the return by margaret guthrie smashwords edition * * * * * * published by : the wessex collective on smashwords the return copyright 2006 by margaret guthrie cover graphic of the leaf courtesy of punchstock smashwords edition this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
mike was dressed in white open - collared shirt and good trousers , and had in his hand a leaf , long , narrow , dark green .
third crop they were at that time of year , now , when the moist air from the depth of the night made dew for the grass and for all the foliage .
in this wind , she is thinning , a sere winter leaf .
like a dry leaf driven by the wind this way and that , old mary has returned .
he had just broke off the last leaf of some good green sweet - smelling hay that she had bought at the baler from her neighbor down the road .
no matter how much they pruned , mulched , watered and fertilized it , each bud turned out to be yet another green leaf and no flower .
out on the street where a lot of people were walking about , many of them obviously leaf - peeping tourists come to see the fall foliage on this mid - october day , donna said , the best time to buy is in the spring when they re unloading their winter stock .
out on the street where a lot of people were walking about , many of them obviously leaf - peeping tourists come to see the fall foliage on this mid - october day , donna said , the best time to buy is in the spring when they re unloading their winter stock .
for a long time she talked about seeing the foliage .
around her wrist , which was slight , she wore silver bangles adorned with tiny horseshoes , four leaf clovers and small silver keys .
there he waited in the cool shade for all the tiny worker ants to leave the nest and pick up the tiny pieces of leaf with their pincers .
lying in the leaves making leaf angels , later you told me that was the moment you fell in love with me .
i told them that it was n't so and they laughed the way trees do , which is to shake out a leaf or two .
i could recreate the position of every leaf from memory then .
i remember looking at the maple leaf .
often though , in years past , his sister annie would share her nightly wanderings , wide - eyed over orange juice and cornflakes , tales of monstrous proportions that seemed as vivid to scherzo as if he 'd dreamed them himself , curled like a new leaf in his bed .
the smell of herbs and leaf - mould quietened his head .
the trees around threw leaf shapes across the slow brown water .
snaking through the admixture of foliage were a number of wood - chip paths , arrowed walks for directional ramblers ; that is , ones without a map .
the sudden doubt surprised her , an ephemeral ray through the heavy foliage of her waking mind .
a gust of wind rattled the window , loose in its square mooring , a bleak outward reality shaking itself in readiness for the full cloak of spring , the fragrance of daffodils , the splendour of damp foliage and the rising of ghosts .
he kept a scalpel along with sundry needles and other surgical implements in a pouch sewn from a gumtree leaf in the lining of his moss - woven jacket that was paired , seamlessly camouflaged , with a kilt the tartan of banyan and eucalyptus .
they chatted in the street , conspiring , summer - dressed daughters in tow , hidden behind plastic bags stuffed with tinned fruit and live foliage , me sucking sweets , her sucking thumbs , thrown together through geography , playmates from an early age , associated through parents and habit .
emerging after dark from two doors down 's garden shed with its bath - tub and corrugated iron , scherzo crept on all fours through the rose bushes marking the disputed boundary between that garden and mrs fry 's , melding with the aforementioned as a curtain twitched , wary of discovery , imitating foliage and washing as he neared the crumbling brick wall separating mrs fry 's well maintained flowerbeds and lawn from his disordered own .
it lost interest and attacked a leaf that had fallen to the ground .
the room was beautiful , open and bright , two stories high with an immense round window in one wall , six feet in diameter , looking out on green rolling hills and the pastel foliage of a few clumps of trees .
from the foliage of the greenhouse she emerged like a flower .
he quickly selected a single rose and , without waiting for the vendor 's offered baby 's breath and green - leaf decoration , left a bill , and headed toward the office .
brush and foliage masked the path beans had seemed to sense rather than see .
it was bright red , shiny , made of delicate paper and balsa wood , a feathered leaf of crimson energy anxiously awaiting its maiden flight into the heavens .
she wanted it to blow fiercely cold air , unrelentingly , until every blossom head hung down , every plant leaf was curled , and every maple and oak branch was stripped to its brown skeleton .
in the lowlands the willows cold weather dun was lightened with the palest tinge of new leaf yellow .
he knew the gray of the comfrey leaf looked wonderful with its purple flower , but later , when it had gone by and there was nothing but big gray , fuzzy leaves , he knew that that was going to clash with the delicate wisps of the bee balm blossoms .
staring at the shadowy canopy above him , frank puzzles over how each leaf decides when to let go .
but , in reality , the small scrap of not - leaf i managed to find in a sea of foliage just disappeared .
but , in reality , the small scrap of not - leaf i managed to find in a sea of foliage just disappeared .
strangely , i remember a fishbowl , bought from woolworths with leaf raking money , upending from my nightstand as i rush to my window to see who has pulled into our drive .
i decide to wait until grandmother courages little creatures are rescued from the fire , wrapped in a lettuce leaf with a sprig of holy basil laid alongside and eaten by my enemies .
ever since eve dropped her leaf .
frank raises his eyes and picks out a single leaf emerging from the charcoal sky and follows its suicidal plummet to the earth .
a smaller push mower was squeezed in behind it and bungeed to a wire side rack , on which hung two gas - powered leaf blowers and a trimmer .
her hay - like , dry hair had been puffed up into a ball on her head and was dyed red , like a leaf in fall , only not so natural .
the sun was unable to penetrate the thick foliage above their heads .
autumn leaf that sears burnt - orange into the iris .
when i can smell wet leaf and touch tree bark and needled ground .
the rose bushes were in full bloom , laden with buds full of red and white petals and dark green foliage .
a few feet from the top of the falls , he points to a large dead ant on a fallen wet leaf lying on a low - hanging branch .
then he takes the leaf as well .
` ` there should be spores on the leaf . ''
how do you decide between iceberg , gene looked around , and romaine , red or green leaf lettuce or boston or bibb ?
he grabbed plump thighs , slid his hands down to her ankles , and they were off in a fast trot across the green and yellow paisley of the leaf - strewn lawn .
as he bent over the pick up the hat , sequined with bits of leaf and grass , a pain as densely hot as a chunk of charcoal , seared genes groin .
the rocks surface was flat on its topside , partially mantled in a pea - green moss , and conveniently jutting from the soil in a place absent from dense foliage or brushwood .
i especially liked the way in which its branches swayed in the tepid breezes of the day , intermittingly allowing bands of sunlight to illuminate its foliage .
this waft of gunpowder poured through the foliage , serving as a caveat to the musketry and artillery at large .
during my progression , this foliage became so dense that i had to squeeze between the brambly arms of wooded plants and witch hazel .
rather than proceed with my search along the beach , i moved deeper into the islands dense foliage .
he stopped once to observe the foliage alongside a glen that looked as though it was mottled in pumpkin and magenta pastels .
monarch caterpillars still crawled beneath every milkweed leaf .
i glanced to the tower poking above the foliage and estimated the amount of extension cords we d need to reach from the house to the woods .
i picked a leaf from her hair .
mara flashed one last look of horror , then darted left off the path into the foliage , not a second before thirteen masked beasts barreled from the right in an epic clash with the humans .
a flicker of light caught my eye meandering through the driveway foliage like the eyeshine of a one - eyed dog .
were going to have to add a leaf to the table .
when the woman finished peeling the potatoes , she sliced them , and put them in the pot of water that had begun to boil , and then went to work cutting up what looked like a cactus leaf .
the throne , topped with an eagle , gold - painted in imitation of leaf and gesso , stood on the stage .
the children sold them in the street in a conical palm leaf for pennies .
for many an autumn dog walker and suburban leaf raker has since turned a puzzled head , in the eastern canadian evening , at the sound of an invisible choir roaring and barking the harmonies of ` ` up , up and away '' when the only apparent activity in his quiet street was a lone brewer 's retail truck trundling along in the direction of the dawn .
a leaf falls from the tree and skitters the side of my cheek , drifts to the ground .
the shape below , clad in sludge , splayed in the river and surrounded by a heavy layer of sloughing foliage .
he pulled his eyes away and looked into the dense tangles of foliage wrapping about the pine trees .
one frail brown leaf fell ; it caught in the breeze and rushed away , dancing softly across the road fifteen feet off the ground .
one leaf flown away , and dozens more stirring restlessly on the sidewalk , like they were waiting to be borne up after .
on the balcony , may squinted at the bright sun ray reflected off a leaf .
as if for the last time , you seem to register every leaf of every plant almost like you were storing the images away for another day .
complete self - annihilation would surely be better than existing as a mere shadow , the residue of some decayed leaf in a compost heap gradually rotting into soil .
we can take a leaf out of the way the chinese and other oriental languages have been created because of the symbols they use rather than linear language .
pick a point , say a leaf on the branch of that tree just outside the window and just stare at it .
he stared at one point on a faraway leaf and focussed on other things .
the wind had settled on the roof , with a long , thin , listening leg slipping down the chimney and onto the floor , rustling a leaf or two thatby request from nearby treeswere there to listen as well , and to report back as soon as they knew anything .
at the end of the prescribed route , howeverwhere they were meant to turn aroundsiddhattha spotted a multi - colored fountain through the foliage to his right and asked his charioteer channa to go there .
there was no buzzing of lawnmower or scream of leaf blower .
elsie followed , working her way around the grasping arms and fingers of the foliage .
she twisted her head back to see if blackburn small was following but by now they had veered south and around foliage and were heading for neindorff drive .
the juniper shook her head in slow consternation , rustling her blue - green foliage to good effect .
and all the juniper did in response to that was rustle her foliage again , and again to good effect .
he curled up behind the foliage , then shifted about until he could get a better view through the greenerya little thinner here , he could see the street well enough to make out cars , that s for sure .
here he caught his breath again , then peeked through the dark foliage onto the side of alwyns house .
still gazing through foliage , and here they came , un - shot at , apparently allowed by the guards inside to return to their cars alive .
he looked up through the thick foliage of the oak , and was surprised to spot a star through that near black canopy .
this hunter had darted to his right upon the shooting and taken cover behind the thick foliage .
harman - karman thought briefly of shooting , but he was too well concealed by thick foliage and firing at this point would no doubt force the other two out from behind the wall , to return fire , and he did not like those odds , not one bit .
when he did nt answerhe was looking out the window , out across his back yard , hearing cats , birds , dogs , insects performing life out there , hoping that perhaps the answer lay hidden somewhere among the foliage , for him to discovershe spoke again : perhaps a shot would help ?
looking up : the sunlight casts slanting shafts of silver ; silvery rays formed by branch and leaf and here and there strike the earth .
you do nt expect anything in particular , you just go on , like a dropped leaf on a stream , and if you get held up , stacked against a lump of scum , you ll just stay there until you re washed on .
and if i m a leaf , although i do nt feel very much like a leaf , what the hell are you ?
and if i m a leaf , although i do nt feel very much like a leaf , what the hell are you ?
a leaf she called me , dropped on a stream , backed up against scum .
but i carried a passenger now , a little insect , clinging to the leaf , my little pale grub of a baby , who moved inside me as stephen spoke , bumping the walls of my body , stretching out her limbs and beating gently against me , hands or feet i did nt know , rocker - like , is that what it said , and my tiny girl , the one of my dreams with curly dark hair and perfect little teeth , opened her mouth and roared with laughter at such absurdity .
the envelope has gone now , that pale brown casing crumpled in my hand and let go , blown away like any dead leaf .
however , now , as she was moments from it , she felt that once dizzying energy slowly draining from her as the life had from the landscape when shed traversed from areas of plentiful and prosperous foliage to those of limited and dormant vegetation .
whether tongue or leaf , life knows life .
as a result of this belief , islamic art came to excel in a variety of decorative patterns including leaf shapes later stylized as arabesques , and arabic script .
then back to that other winter , so long ago : tomten vandrar till ladans loft dr har han bo och fste hgt p skullen i hets doft nra vid svalans nste nu r vl svalans boning tom men till vren med blad och blom kommer hon nog tillbaka fljd av sin npna maka tomten then returns to the barn loft where since long he has settled under the roof in the fragrant hay close by the swallows nest empty now of course but come spring , with leaf and flower shell return with her sweet husband yes , that s what he says .
i wanted to approach the green - dark wall , put my arms forward , and open a way into the foliage .
she jumped out from behind a screen of foliage , shouting happily , kerem !
suddenly we emerged from the curtain of foliage and were standing on a ledge of rock that jutted out over the canopy of forest below .
customs , manners , bright and flowing attire , clear and strong light , the stronger colours of flowers and foliage the images are always with me .
the eldest girl was shaking like a leaf .
sometimes he stood still before a brightly painted summer villa standing among green foliage , he gazed through the fence , he saw in the distance smartly dressed women on the verandahs and balconies , and children running in the gardens .
he was shaking like a leaf as he said this .
the playful streamlets of blood singing mute songs from the silence of his throat disposed themselves organically , like the darkest skeletal lines of a perfectly dried autumn leaf , desiccated beyond color , nature , fiction .
the trees and their foliage are bombast , the cars accelerating and slowing down the street , and blinking always , are bombast , humans in a train willing it forward to catch a plane are bombast , your employers and your parents and your wives and your progeny and your policeman having demands on you , moral and physical , are absolute , pure bombast bombast is too fine , too sturdy , too tinywoodenshipinaglassjar a word for what you re describing .
and the great concert of winds called him out by name , the winds spelt out his name , glyph by glyph , leaf by horrible thump of fallen leaf .
and the great concert of winds called him out by name , the winds spelt out his name , glyph by glyph , leaf by horrible thump of fallen leaf .
far below the curve of the hill , he saw the faint chalky scrawl of squatch creek tucked deep into the crease of the ravine , foliage ambushing the wash of moonlight with broad swaths of shadow .
chapter 27trebuchet resurrection chris attacked the vine maple and brush grown through the trebuchets timber frame with a rusty , blunt axe , which shattered more than cut the foliage .
he thought he saw an opening in the foliage , shadows differentiating into gradations of blacks , dark purples and even a few charcoal grays .
at the table , as christine poured their tea from a teapot with purple flowers and gold ornamental leaf , julia said , oh , you do have a very nice teapot .
a leather bound book , written in gold leaf : gaudium et spes .
humphrey turns it to the camera , an exquisite gold leaf and lapis lazuli madonna and child , from who knows where or by whom .
i ran my finger along the dripping edge of an ivy leaf and went back inside .
immediately , she noticed a scent that had come to define , in her mind , dianes homea blend of two odors , actually : the sharp trace scent of burnt leaf and a faintly putrid underlying odor of old garbage .
trees the color of old iron , foliated fingers bristling with dull leaf .
zilva had its trees , but nothing compared to these towers of wood and foliage .
she could now smell the burning of foliage and wood as the salamanders grew closer .
ghosts with round heads swayed from a tree in a yard , hanging over large orange leaf bags shaped like jack - o - lanterns .
her shaky hand traced the pin over a small clear area near the rim , ` ` and look at this spot , high up above them , there 's not one leaf on it . ''
a rustling in the undergrowth frightened him and sent him hurrying into a thin path which was completely surrounded with foliage .
the warriors jogged at an easy trot but the old man was unable to maintain the pace , cocho reached into a pouch , took out a leaf and thrust it into the old man 's mouth forcing him to swallow , before long the old man was able to keep up .
after rolling in the leaf litter they became so perfectly camouflaged as to be practically invisible .
when they reached the temple its base was followed until they came to a double doorway which was covered in gold leaf and overlaid with stones of jade and obsidian , it reflected the burning lights magnificently .
realising that they were heading back to the railway carriage he clambered up into the foliage overhead .
as he neared the jungle his progress became more difficult , masses of foliage slowed his pace , the vegetation thickened in places almost barring his path .
occasionally it came across narrow pathways made by the passage of small animals which were carved like tunnels through the solid foliage .
it was to be a long time before either john or the old man spoke , in fact it was not until the city had been left behind them and had been replaced by a wide expanse of murky water flanked by green fields and autumn trees devoid of leaf that the first of the giant 's deep warnings came , aready about , @ he warned , the yacht jibed and he added , alee ho , @ as the boom swung across the boat forcing the old man to duck .
the foliage at the edge of the tree line shuddered , and a man stepped out .
expecting an ear shattering wailusually a precursor to long bouts of dishwashing , leaf raking , driveway sealing ( depending on the season ) as punishment for some dereliction of responsibility or somethingdavid leapt down and ran over to her .
this should have pleased kane , who was desperate for a bath , and even more desperate for heart of the people to bathe , but kane had accidentally wiped his ass with an ivy leaf the night before .
the one - armed percussionist adored the salt - sour leaf as a dental medicine .
as he drew closer , his eyes seized the tree and his mind began to devour it , branch by branch and leaf by leaf .
as he drew closer , his eyes seized the tree and his mind began to devour it , branch by branch and leaf by leaf .
when harry regained his balance , he withdrew the pouch and handed the last remaining leaf to the wizard .
he was about to voice his objections to the old man for wasting his last remaining leaf when suddenly the wizard smiled , as if satisfied , and began to cheerfully pack his pipe .
` ` by the lizard , there 's only one creature that 's got leaf like this ! ''
there s some very interesting foliage in that part of the cemetery .
still , in another month there would be leaf mold to contend with .
above her she could see tree - top , the sun a dappling brightness through the arabesque of foliage .
harry had never had religion ; it was as foreign to him as the foliage of youth .
a quiet walk in a park , under cool foliage , holding hands .
after completing a days work , he often would tarry and walk among the trees , wondering at the intricate designs of each leaf or at the depth of the roots hidden in the ground .
our outward stickiness was matched by the hard fullness of our stomachs as we each gnawed the remains of a core , reclining under grand foliage .
begietan , unsure what the man meant , tried to brace his confidence , spinning a fallen leaf deftly between finger and thumb .
at once terror shook begietan to his core , and he dropped his leaf .
through the dense foliage overhead winked brilliant points of light glowing from an orange sun soon the brightness of the afternoon would fade .
he turned then , and went off to find a leaf blower or weed whacker .
above her , birds wings twirled like fan blades as they flew from branch to branch , then darted out of the foliage and soared across the blue sky .
he tried it , pinching one between his finger and thumb and holding it to a dead leaf .
the windows were warmly lit , gold leaf lettering across the glass and , beyond , flickering votives and the smells of braised lamb , lasagna , chocolate espresso cake .
it was nt unusual to find beer cans lying underneath the foliage or someones sock twisted among its branches or , once , an ugly cotton bra lying neatly across the top of a boxwood as if the boxwood were a dressing table .
the valley had closed in and the afternoon sun was filtered by a steep canopy of foliage layered up the western mountainside .
driving east over the spine of the headland , he peered fruitlessly through gaps in the foliage for the yacht .
hidden by the overhanging foliage , margo felt a flush of horror as she anticipated the truth of grahams prophecy .
through a horizontal gash in the leaf canopy , i stared absently at a flight of mist .
puffs of mist hovered above the bordering forest , a blanket of foliage above an inscrutable darkness .
he laid back and stared up through the fluttering foliage of the bamboo .
the flowering magnolias lined the old brick walkway as we wound through the dense southern foliage .
sometimes he baked them by wrapping them in a leaf , then packing the whole thing in wet clay and laying it in the fire until it was cooked .
after the fish was cooked , he peeled away the layers of leaf and dried clay , and he had a delicious baked fish .
he d been meaning to buy a leaf mulcher for a while , and figured the looming high winds justified the purchase .
i warned his lordship at the time lamplighter was voted from the kits to the one hundred ; once a wrong un always a wrong un , despite all that rubbish about turning over a new leaf .
all were identical , with white alabaster scrolls edged in gold leaf adorning their tops and their sides trimmed with panels of carved gilt leaves .
the white ball whistled through the intricate cobweb of twigs and spurs without clipping so much as a leaf .
getting down on to his knees he held the putter like a snooker cue and poked it in between the foliage shaped metal .
there was no distinct path as such , but she had always been able to make her way through the foliage without too much trouble .
in maggies mind , the green foliage with the red roses surrounding her , and the rabbit at her feet , were a reflection of the cottage and all its earthly wonders .
elliot watched a squirrel foraging for nuts pick his way helter - skelter across the leaf - strewn lawn before disappearing up the scarred trunk of a maple tree .
a blue jay nestled away in the dense foliage of a maple let out a barrage of energetic squawks before flying away .
her limpid eyes were transfixed on the opaque maze of summer foliage just beyond the rose garden .
pivoting a half turn , he pointed at a flaming mass of foliage closer to the entrance .
a young woman , pretty , lively , with a harp as elegant as herself , placed near a window that opened on a little lawn , surrounded by the rich foliage of summer , was enough to catch any man 's heart .
in some countries we know the tree that sheds its leaf is the variety , but that does not make it less amazing that the same soil and sun should nurture plants so widely differing .
the dirt driveway tilted steeply towards a clearing below , and the trees and foliage marching up to the sides of the car a floury blur of bare branches in the headlights created a bright tunnel effect .
the wind teased the foliage and strummed the grass in the front yard .
one maple shed a leaf that drifted by lauras face so she had to only reach out to take it from the air .
the voice on the other end of the line was absolutely unfamiliar but when the woman introduced herself as sharon van fleet , her heart fluttered away from her like a free autumn leaf , like a page from vogue that slid through her fingers .
she could see the veins in each leaf on the tree just the way it was in the enormous one in their home .
small things , a leaf , a feather , a single little stone were blown up huge while horizons and clouds and entire forests would be superimposed on them as part of them , in delicate hand stitching .
through it , then into it , laura followed rosie into the tapestry of countless blossoms and emerald foliage .
it took an hour , and their eyes had to adjust to looking among the leaves , but eventually it was megan who found two little brown silk packets encrusted with bits of dried leaf .
her breath was as ragged as a leaf in the wind as she told her hearts deepest feelings .
a leaf , a stone , a broken door .
the light dimmed and brightened through the shutter slats , as the leafy foliage was pushed in and out of shape .
his helmet left dangling by its strap like a metal leaf on a rusting steel branch ; wobbling in the wind .
most critically , compost requires carbon - based components such as leaf litter or shredded cardboard as well as nitrogen - based food waste .
it proliferates in areas of dense foliage , such as marsh and jungle , but allows itself to be carried away by all natures of migrating insect , bird and mammal .
the blades of surrounding grass whipped over me , and i could see , through the foliage ahead , a faint glow coming from the ground .
he gently trimmed each leaf with the care of an experienced botanist , sometimes measuring branches with a ruler .
the leaf yellow curtains mingled with the egg yolk walls and the blue indoor / outdoor carpet under the picnic bench tables with a plastic periscope jutting up in the middle gave the illusion that of being on the water , sort of .
a drop leaf table underneath stuck out with a pile of paper cranes , blue , white , yellow and red .
that will be the last of my four leaf clovers .
a single oak leaf floated down through the air like a feather onto the windshield .
thursday morning molly and me clean it up with a leaf blower and shop vac .
he hooked up a leaf blower and the capsule came to life in seconds , this time sporting a couple of blue arms and legs .
two days later , rudy and the johnson boys stood , puffing , at the edge of an aspen grove , where every turning leaf looked like a golden coin and they rattled gently in the breeze .
a yellow leaf dangled from her hair .
he saw magazine pages torn , strewn out over the foliage , pictures of cars and motorbikes , a red lamborghini .
he takes the pebble from her hand , dips it in the river water , wraps it in a fresh leaf and gives it back to her .
the green was like something i had seen only days before , yet i could nt remember what it was that i had seen and remembered , a tree , a leaf , perhaps i wondered , had something like that scared me ?
scotty kneeled down on the muddy bed of the truck and tore an emerald - colored leaf from one of the boxes .
later that night as she lay under the covers , miriam felt like a dry leaf in late october .
mrs . mcsweeney located a outcropping of rocks overlooking a meadow and was scanning the brush and foliage with her eagle optics birding binoculars .
strolling over to the bookcase , he removed a thick volume bound in hand - tooled leather with gold leaf lettering on the elegant , ribbed spine .
hinzelmeier did not know exactly whether the narrow keyhole confused his view , but it was almost as if the shapes of snakes and lizards in the brown leaf garland , which ran down the edging , rustled to and fro , sometime even stretching their supple heads over the gold background of the doors .
during the singing the animation of the reptiles in the foliage stiffened .
although their foliage had partly fallen or hung withered and limp on the branches , the bold structure of the branches still strove to the sky and the mighty roots still spread themselves far out over the earth .
the branches of these mighty trees were so dense , that despite the lack of foliage no sunbeam could penetrate through .
you have slept so cruelly long , that you are making all the foliage and all the creatures perish !
outside under the fresh heavenly dew and everywhere already the green of the grass and of the foliage of the trees and bushes had sprouted up .
my vision from the beginning was crisp , like a well - pruned garden leaf .
eve wrung the apple until it was dry pulp and put the juice in a huge banana leaf .
` ` bring me a large leaf , at least as long as your wings are wide . ''
again , the hawk thought this request strange but flew off to find such a leaf .
he struggled to pull one free from the plant and was barely able to take flight with the awkward shape of the heavy leaf trailing behind him .
he struggled mightily to lift the leaf up to the top of the mountain and was exhausted when he finally deposited it for the serpent , who was still sprawled out straight as a branch .
the leaf he had brought the serpent lay curled on the ground , threaded through on one side with the blades of grass .
the leaf must have broken the serpents fall just enough to allow it to descend unharmed .
the intense green presence of huge trees and their outsized foliage was a soothing counterpoint to the heavy sultry air and to the jubilant flora .
it was some time before the two men returned looking gleeful with a pandanus kit which contained some banana leaf packages of still warm food .
she saw a mouse sidling around among the foliage .
the village was just a short way further on and they were greeted by garlands of colourful flowers and foliage .
the church had been swept the day before and huge bowls of flowers and garlands of colourful foliage had been placed in every available space .
she helped for a small while too , sorting through the betel leaf and the betel nut .
however , having watched some of the women leisurely chew the betel leaf with the chopped betel nut embedded within it , she became ever so curious to try it , despite iqbals constant objections .
the betel leaf and nut had stained her teeth orange , but it was not a taste to dislike .
it was a simple rice dish , slowly boiled in water , with a flavouring of salt , ginger , methi seeds and bay leaf .
despite the heat and dryness of the terrain in which the oak tree has had the misfortune to take root , its foliage is quite thick , even near the top where he sits , with his aching rear end on one gnarled and scaly branch and his long , khaki - clad legs draped over another .
the screensaver on his computer was a big pot leaf .
she complied and very much the gentleman , he used the small broom to sweep dust and an errant leaf part from her shoulder .
he d awoken , once , not from a dream but into a dream : his recurrent vision of a man with a glass face and a suit of silver leaf , of an argument in a barren , starlit place , of the betrayer iscariot speaking gleefully .
staring at the leaf she smiled .
i am mrs . scott winslow hale , she said to the leaf the same leaf that had been there yesterday , on this very same door .
i am mrs . scott winslow hale , she said to the leaf the same leaf that had been there yesterday , on this very same door .
there was something in the cabinet in my boudoir small and sharp like a long willow leaf in a silver sheath .
a waiter offered me a reverse salad , which turned out to be a small plate of vegetables with precisely one spinach leaf on top .
they hang over the park , not a leaf rustling in the still night , waiting for the sunrise to revive them .
the bill floated like a leaf , gently back and forth , till it disappeared into the black round hole of the coffee can .
it was she who now stared out the big window at trees sprouting pale - green foliage against a deep - blue patient sky .
she opened her eyes on the grid of white woven rope ; and beyond that grid was the sun - dappled shade of springtime woods cast in an incandescent green , so bright the glow of emergent foliage .
screaming out for the potential held in a tiny white bud , potential that will , if left alone , unfold according to a natural orderbud to flower , flower to leaf , leaf to fruit ( though the fruit of the bradford pear is tiny and inedible to humans , but much loved by robins !
the soft dawn light bathed the entire room in a delicate , almost ethereal glow , tinged in the green of new foliage just unfurled , paused here between the memory of death and the promise of new life .
she closed her eyes , inhaled the scents of spring , reveled in the soft breeze brushing her cheek , basked in the leaf - filtered sun .
she could see the individual life of each leaf , each wiry nutritive system .
when james started going back down the ladder , he was looking down and saw a maple leaf that was sticking out among all of the pine needles .
` ` look at the intricate pattern on that leaf , '' his partner saith and pointeth .
arjuna 's meditation was then on one blue leaf .
the old man wanted to study better a water bubble that had miraculously formed on one fragile leaf .
this had him shaking like a proverbial leaf .
he crushed color and stem , leaf and bud , with each press down of his heavy hiking boots .
arjuna reached down to touch one leaf .
northern soldiers who had fought in the piedmont during the war had been introduced to the local sweet leaf and afterwards as decommissioned warriors they helped spread the word ; habit and addiction followed ; durham prospered .
three hundred yards to the south lies the squattishly regal american tobacco company manufacturing plant , another registered structure ; the downtown durham historic district is directly to the south and the bright leaf historic district is to the southeast .
though the garden was overgrown there was a semblance of organisation underlying the chaos , nature had imposed its own particular order and bouquets of colour burst from the foliage like fanfares , azaleas and libertia and rhododendrons breaking the monotony of the dark green undergrowth .
deciduous and desiccated leaf blowing circuitously on the linear sidewalks of time , without skill , uneducated , the burdens of providing for parents when unable to maintain himself weighing upon him , of course he clings ; and of course the seven billion children on the planet , lacking any higher truth whatsoever , grope and stalk each other , chapter 8 the why s and wherefores of becoming a god or some other potentate but the war that is waged in the mind no doubt has the same depredation , the same devastation , as that on the outside ; and , of course the sublimated war within , as without , is just a less disheveled , less savage , and a more inconspicuous form of predation , evolved and extolled as it is .
and if he caught me idle , staring dreamily into the ether or looking at the life forms that abounded beneath me -- every ant walking around a leaf as though it were a boulder , making one question what he himself calls a boulder and all his other nomenclature for every natural thing , and each creature fixated on itself and unaware that it in response to its environment is merely a speck in the perspective of something much greater -- he would slap the suck - calf numerous times with only the threat of stop crying or i will give you something to cry about a restraint on the vile and the lugubrious .
cellular division , imperfect with aging but functional , can not go on indefinitely ; and whether ultimately it be death by cancer , a continuum unto old age , with the desiccated , shriveled leaf at last torn from the branch at the slightest wind , or termination at my own hand , it could hardly matter much to impartial others , alterity , and within the vantage of time that makes all things miniscule and insignificant ( a major war among australopithecus that is so completely effaced from memory as to never have happened , caesar augustus having become a vacuous name and abstraction even in the days of aurelius,117or the petty aspects of my personal domain in early and later family all too fleeting ) .
i was shaking like a leaf as we went into the ninth .
http : //www.thepiertoforever.webs.com other works by shawn michel de montaigne young adult and epic fantasy sole survivor : the story of kaza of theseus melody and the pier to forever : book two memoirs reflections of connie : memories of a sundered love womens contemporary fantasy the candle free - verse poetry for it all the shadow or the leaf horror slum ~~*~~ dedicated to mom , who always loved my stories .
she spoke into the roar of the oncoming surf : all things have been and all things shall go on before me and when i am gone ; this self that cries out for eternity is what shall pass in me : the tree remains , the leaf falls from the tree ten minutes later she was gliding soundlessly through the wide plaza at the foot of the pier .
in all of creation , both here and on aquanusand everywhere , for that mattereverything : every person , every leaf on every tree , every rock and stone and pebble and grain of sand on the beach , every bird and beast , every breeze , every cloud , every raindrop and every star in the sky contains a symbol of being , an aecxis .
i was shakin like a leaf .
there was a very slight breeze , cool and scented like autumn , reminding maggie of leaf piles and childhood walks across snow - dusted lawns browned by cold , and the hint of a fireplace burning nearby as dusk settled in .
she watched a glowing leaf flutter down to his open palms , its colors shifting visibly as it fell .
she heard only conors wordswords spoken as she and melody and yaeko walked to the imperial beach pier : in all of creation , both here and on aquanusand everywhere , for that mattereverything : every person , every leaf on every tree , every rock and stone and pebble and grain of sand on the beach , every bird and beast , every breeze , every cloud , every star in the sky contains a symbol of being , an aecxis ... . margarita , are you okay ?
you kept repeating , over and over again , every leaf on every tree , every leaf on every tree ...
you kept repeating , over and over again , every leaf on every tree , every leaf on every tree ...
a tall , powerfully built black man was approaching him from the east portal of falling leaves , walking steadily , his midnight - blue robes beautiful against the backdrop of sunset foliage falling all around him .
he held a vine leaf in his right hand , held it by its stema leaf that was nt shifting colors or melting away .
he held a vine leaf in his right hand , held it by its stema leaf that was nt shifting colors or melting away .
he stared back , moving to stay facing the mysterious stranger , who stopped and held up the vine leaf , studying it , clearly unconcerned about his defensive posture .
said the stranger ; and at that exact moment the leaf , as if on cue , started melting , dripping into the strangers other hand , which he had brought up under it .
eleysius face had disappeared behind the tight stream of sunset foliage diving into the growing sphere ; the bright light made the roaring tornado about them even more terrifying , adding a surreal lunarlike tint to the shifting colors .
the leaf tornado whipped around them a long time before the leaves abruptly disappeared , the last of them feeding into the aecxal sphere over the sorcerers palms .
some people who have gone camping in the area on a fine autumn day have compared the experience to walking through a church and feeling the presence of god built everywhere in yellow leaf .
juices , the consistency of single cream , oozed out and coagulated on the fruit and were then scraped off with a long wooden spatula and allowed to drop into a canvas trap , the circumference of the average trees leaf cover , attached onto the trunk , halfway between crown and ground .
she kicked a dry maple leaf and watched it scuttle down the sidewalk .
the crooked branches of creosote bushes filled in the middle band of foliage wherever the slender trunks of trees had left a gap .
it was filled with primary colors and an air of opulence that derived from the jungle - thick foliage hanging from the ceiling and rising from nearly every flat spot .
the air carried the familiar scents of compost and goats , of damp earth and fallen leaves and hedge roses and the dense foliage of growing plants .
chapter 4 dark shadows from lush foliage fringed the road leading from the farmland of gotesdene to a district where only the occasional tethered ox enlivened the orderly , monotonous rows of vegetable and root crops .
it was much cooler in the woods as the sunlight allowed through the gaps in the foliage amassed in only small patches on the forest floor .
squirrels dashed between our feet , and there was the loud crashing of tapirs running by in the foliage .
she wrapped her arms around her as a gust of wind blew by raising betas hair up into the air and rustling through the dark foliage of the hedge behind us .
he held the flame to a wet leaf .
he stared at the leaf .
the small flame was still flickering about the leaf and it was now dry and burst into flame and the flame died immediately .
the black shrivelled leaf hung limp .
the rain may not get through the dense foliage .
there was not a single leaf on the old tree .
channie stroked the velvety leaf of a lemon balm plant with her index finger .
a spidery maze of foliage pressed against the windshield .
the morning breeze wheezed through the thick foliage and dhanesh could hear the deep sigh of the giant tree that swirled around and faded into the distant forest .
it finished eating and then hurried up the tree and lost in the deep foliage .
dollops of cirrus were visible through the crevices left by the foliage of the tree .
morning breeze started blowing in the high up foliage of the tree and dhanesh felt as though the tree was whispering , yes my friend , your medication is marvelous .
the breeze blowing harder now made a hissing noise in the foliage of the tree .
moon rays were now showering through the foliages of the trees .
dhanesh picked up all the mangoes , packed them in a large aram leaf and started for home .
she thought she looked like someone with parkinsons or katherine hepburn , in her old age when she shook like a leaf in a hurricane .
will did nt want the prisoner to dig deeply or vigorously , the lazy faker who lived here and died here would have had trouble getting much deeper than a body and then likely covered it with leaf mold and dirt .
when his boot crushed the leaf litter , it was as if a spell were broken .
she sat next to me in the leaf litter , which was dampening in the afternoons gloom , and for a while we were silent .
his cupped palm accepted the prasad , the food blessed by lakshmi , the goddess of wealth and the temples patron deity , a blessing he later transferred to a small banana leaf to take to his mother .
she wanted to be with her father , standing next to him , amidst the whisper of foliage , sheltered from the noises of the city .
on the sand next to her was her basket which appeared much like what the girls were carrying except for a small bundle about the size of a softball wrapped in a banana leaf with a narrow red silk ribbon tied to hold it together .
what is that in your basket , wrapped in the banana leaf ?
she picked up the object of their conversation and pulled back on corner of the bright green leaf revealing a lump of what dan thought might be brown rice .
she looked down seeming to look in her basket which only held the red silk ribbon tied banana leaf full of gao nep and two bottles of very warm vietnamese made tiger beer dan saw the color change on her neck and when he put a finger on her chin and raised her face so he could see her eyes .
pip hunted around the clump and quickly found two of the more common caterpillars in the area and carefully stuck them on a large leaf to gorge themselves .
a few minutes later , i found a neat little place called the maple leaf motel and checked in as fred flintstoneno baggage , no carpaying cashno questions askedno explanations given .
i had my room at the maple leaf motel for the rest of the night .
i drove the car back to the maple leaf motel and parked .
i packed all my stuff in the trunk of the powerful jaguar and then slowly drove away from the maple leaf hotel .
about ten feet off the main trail under a tall pine tree , i found enough secondary foliage to obstruct the clear view of anyone casually passing by .
he found some worn blankets in there and some old foliage , a bedroom it would appear .
the leaf blower that blared every saturday morning and many sundays .
` ` had you not been a patron of young artists , '' she noted smiling at tom , ` ` we would have had no permanent record of the culprit who had been lurking deep in the foliage . ''
we can both turn over a new leaf .
kresh continued her advance until she was only twenty feet from the trees and could be clearly seen through the foliage .
it was of simple design but all the more elegant for that , and finished for decorated was hardly the word with jade marble panels linking each window with those above and beneath it and which over time had weathered to match the foliage of the trees across the road .
she continued , forgive me for saying it , but now stella is nt here to block the sale then mrs cuthberts flat next door to hers can be cleared of its foliage and offered to the next on the waiting list ; while stellas own will is to be read after the funeral , but i can tell you now that it instructs quite clearly and unambiguously for her flat and other assets to be transferred directly to the trust .
outside the first flat she came to and then outside stellas each bulb glowed like a golden chrysalis , throbbing in her light - adjusted eye and leaving coloured splodges ; but outside the third flat , the one guarded by foliage , the bulb was a lifeless iris , dust - peppered and silver - grey .
as she stood there the stem of a leaf brushed the back of her left hand , and without thinking she took it , her fingers running up and down its tactile fibres ; unthinking , that was , until she felt a deep gouge interrupting the natural pattern .
maple leaf hunter , a susan hunter mystery # 6 - susan and mick have a romantic weekend planned in niagara falls and toronto before her big meeting with a childrens book publisher .
tanya was shaking like a leaf , the bat once again raised overhead .
through the foliage i could make out a yellow line , stark contrast to the green and brown that filled my vision .
the purpose of searching the area surrounding the body was to attempt to locate anything that may have been discarded by the killer or belonged to the victim and had been buried under years of leaf litter .
rolling pasture lands curved upward on either side of us , and old gabled houses peeped out from amid the thick green foliage , but behind the peaceful and sunlit country - side there rose ever , dark against the evening sky , the long , gloomy curve of the moor , broken by the jagged and sinister hills .
i pulled a leaf from the vines we passed and absently tore it to shreds , letting the pieces flutter lightly to the ground .
the rows of vines along each side of our path grew thick and lush with grape leaves , which charlie told me was a good thing , for the vines ' sucrose would be translocated in low concentration from leaf to fruit during ripening .
prewashed gourmet three leaf lettuce made up the salad , to which shed add a couple of chopped vine ripened , yellow tomatoes .
the sea sparkled and the homes glistened when ella and lt . rothschild drove into sea cliff , with nary a leaf out of place to mar the immaculate neighborhood .
she stacked the leaf bags beside the house , to be hauled away next time she came by with her truck .
this was a vacationers paradise : acres of lush foliage , tropical birds and a seemingly endless supply of seashells .
in spite of his gruff appearance though , he possessed the capacity to produce beautiful foliage , something one would nt expect from a person like oswald benson .
i picked a leaf out of my hair and unlocked the door to my office .
then she added a mint leaf as garnish , even though she knew jim would nt notice the extra touch .
our springs sprouted flowers even though there was an overabundance of rain , summers were hot and dry as a desert , autumns turned the foliage an earthy orange and yellow , and winters saw snowfall like the towns up north .
as we pushed our way through waist high foliage , my skin screamed that had been a behemoth mistake .
alfonso juarez , deadly alfonso juarez , was turning over a new leaf .
a new leaf that was now floating further and further away from me .
he plucked a leaf from her hair and brought it up near his eyes , twirling it .
bennett tucked the leaf into his palm but stayed a mere breath away .
he aimed the leaf in the direction of the cliffs jutting out beyond the ones they stood on .
he pulled a leaf from my hair and then asked if i 'd been in the woods . ''
bennett pulled a leaf out of his pocket , twirling it the same way he had the day before .
that dratted leaf .
he spun a french fry between his fingers while he waited , involuntarily thinking about the leaf he plucked from belinda 's hair when he met her on the ocean walk .
the town had emerged gleaming from the previous weeks washing by heavy rain , the flowers in their baskets and tubs had revived and lifted their heads to the sun , their cheerful colours and green foliage fresh and bright with the evaporating morning dew .
teri admired the abundant foliage of the various potted plants that stood about the room .
` ` i hate those girls who always pick at a leaf or two of lettuce in their salad and say , ' oh , i ' m full . '
hugh porter had unpacked his edible borders and an assortment of herbs , leaf lettuce , and marigolds lined the floor around the podium .
its always a pleasure sharing my knowledge , especially with those who spend their lives appreciating foliage the way you do .
there was a painting on black velvet that might draw an eye hoping for visual relief : a mother and child , possibly the madonna , sitting in repose beside a lively mountain stream , green moss - covered rocks and lush foliage enfolding them in in a seemingly protective embrace .
adams dark suit jacket was flecked with lint and bits of leaf matter .
half - crouching , he scurried into the nearest garden , which fortunately had a rather impressive beech hedge in full leaf for him to hide behind .
christopher , shaking like a leaf now , pointed towards the hole in the ground .
as i caught my breath and the burning left my calves and thighs , i peered through the damp foliage .
my dark cotton shirt soaked up the dampness as i brushed against the foliage .
its side is emblazoned with the emblem for royal tea , a brew that i have yet to ever see sold in any market , and yet there are several crates available within , all of them strangely long in construction , at six feet in length in a guessed estimation , with the symbol of a leaf and a half lemon painted haphazardly on all sides .
the sky was cloudless , a brilliant blue framing the bright green foliage stretching up to it .
nadia and daman walked into the garage and gathered up the pipe covers and the blankets she kept out there to cover her foliage .
he emptied the dustpan into the garbage can and tapped it smartly to dislodge a piece of lettuce leaf .
like a crew with leaf blowers working flower beds .
we quickly went back to the car and loaded liz up with the leaf blower , pulled her cincinnati reds hat down low on her head , and added a windbreaker , the only thing i had that looked uniform - ish .
as we hurried back from the car , i instructed her to keep the leaf blower offjust use it as a propso she could hear .
a long manicured pea gravel driveway , flanked by a man - made stream flowing over rounded rocks and planted with lush foliage , curved around to the imposing hacienda .
* * * we were very busy the next week with yard clean - up , leaf removal , and multiple daily trips to the recycling yard .
she turned her attention to the large elephant - ear leaf tumbling , end over end down the sidewalk to her left .
maybe it was just paranoia , but as she watched the leaf make its great run , she could see herself chasing right behind .
it reached out , snatching the large leaf in mid bounce .
after settling her nerves , she leaned to the window , watching as the dark hand gripped the leaf by the stem , rotating it slowly between its blackened fingers .
she watched as the black fingers manipulated the leaf and wondered why a vagrant was living on this street .
his blackened fingers slowly worked their way up the stem , delicately sliding onto the crisp dry membrane of the leaf , carefully feeling each vein as they thinned toward the tips .
after removing a twenty from her wallet , she reached for the door handle , but froze when his dark hand clamped down , crushing the brittle leaf within .
it was kneading , crushing , disintegrating the leaf within .
the dirty fingernails rolled beneath his thumb as he continued to grind the leaf into obliteration .
the image of the vagrant destroying the leaf flashed like a warning shot .
from seed to harvest , he learned every step of the process , could identify plants based on their leaf shape , their smelleven count the days to corn harvest from the first sign of yellow - green silk .
in the dense foliage , the flicker of her flashlight as she bounded down the narrow path to ernies , her light moving in fits and starts , allowed him to follow her down with relative ease .
arriving in the vicinity where clem had stood only moments before , nick detected no signs of digging , only ferns , twigs and other foliage flattened from repeated foot traffic .
trudging through ground foliage , she kicked a branch with her boot and climbed up the narrow pass leading up to the main trail .
he finessed another oak leaf into the skimmers net .
* * * to say i was shaking like a leaf when i pulled up opposite the gala tandoori restaurant was an understatement .
some trees and foliage mostly concealed his car , though he had a clear view of its main gates through a small gap .
foliage further down the riverbank was thin , the view virtually clear ; most of the foliage and trees were clustered along the bank 's ridge bordering the farm track .
foliage further down the riverbank was thin , the view virtually clear ; most of the foliage and trees were clustered along the bank 's ridge bordering the farm track .
* * * mesa knew the dense foliage of the deer lodge national forest below them , ponderosa pines and granite boulders in every direction .
organic chocolate truffles with edible gold leaf and spices that were guaranteed to delight the senses .
` ` perhaps you 're talking about it to me because we ' ve both turned over a new leaf , '' gill replied .
they slowed down and strolled up the street , marveling at the beautiful homes and tropical foliage .
she pushed the rubber tree leaf down an inch to get a better view .
he ate a stuffed grape leaf , then turned to master martin .
she opened her eyes again , acutely aware of every leaf , every branch which lay between her and her destination .
each beat of her heart sounded like a bass drum ; her breath coming in was the sweet whisper of wind through fall foliage .
i hear the start up of a leaf blower outside , jolting my key laden hand to strike thin air .
the sound of a lawn mower replaces the leaf blower that had me running out of jakes house like a little girl .
to the branch of a large oak tree a single leaf clung , trembling in the breeze .
march had arrived , and she hoped the leaf would hold on until the first buds appeared .
berle nodded as she looked at the single leaf still hanging on .
berle looked out the window and saw the lone leaf still clinging to the branch .
against the gale the lone leaf clung defiantly .
she glanced out the window to see the lone leaf shuddering in the wind , but somehow it hung on .
it tumbled past the lone leaf just before another blast ripped the leaf away , lifting it skyward .
it tumbled past the lone leaf just before another blast ripped the leaf away , lifting it skyward .
he flicked it toward her face , but it looped and drifted to the ground like a large leaf .
since the forests ground was dry , wint listened to every crackling leaf .
wint was n't known for his fleet - footedness , but dashing between the trees foliage in green garb gave him an unforeseen advantage of camouflage .
the foliage had dried some so the going was a little easier .
the trees looked freshly washed and the crisp air sharpened every leaf and twig .
i wondered how many times bo would like to tell him to , well fudge off like nelly would say since turning over a new leaf .
it went for another hundred yards through a tangle of tropical foliage before it pulled into the circular drive of a pink stucco mansion .
its small eyes stared into the twisted foliage above , dull and unseeing .
his wake glittered through the circles of his deputies flashlights ; the rays danced in the cavernous foliage of the canal as the deputies scattered before his onslaught .
pickett rolled away from the chrysler and into the foliage that bordered the canal .
both stories jutted out slightly into the canal that tunneled through the dense foliage behind .
they have a large pond on the property , surrounded by several varieties of palms and other tropical foliage , so ted and kellie built a small dock near the waterfall and added a footbridge .
its thick leaf canopy blocked the moonlight .
the only thing they have done in those six months is ecologically destroying lake blue leaf .
restoration plan for lake blue leaf , kiara read as carlson handed it over to her .
but before they do that , they want us to check them for human rights violations at the blue leaf lake area , carlson explained further , but it raised more questions in kiaras mind .
and that s what you need to bring from blue leaf .
go to blue leaf and check for any irregularities .
owing to the vast land spaces available and the natural water resources , including lake blue leaf , the major sector that was promoted by the government was the chemical industry .
it certainly looked like a large leaf .
she shuffled through the pages that had some numbers till she reached the part about cooper industries plan for restoring lake blue leaf .
before the government could catch them flouting the norms , they constituted the team for the restoration of lake blue leaf .
cooper industries wanted to thwart the talks about the pollution in lake blue leaf and the violation of human rights .
every publication carried articles about how they had ruined lake blue leaf and how a human rights violation was taking place in kingston .
this money in no way is to be considered as an agreement from cooper industries that lake blue leaf needs attention .
he had constituted a panel to find out ways to rehabilitate the people around lake blue leaf .
in an unprecedented move , mr . chris cooper , the managing director of cooper industries has announced a sum of five million dollars for the rehabilitation of lake blue leaf and the surrounding town of kingston .
the surrounding foliage and wild trees seemed to make it even darker .
inside the airshaft , a leaf flutters past the open window .
the woods were usually dense with foliage , making it hard to peer even a short distance into their depths .
every twisted branch , every fluttering oak leaf clinging tenaciously to its tree sent a small surge of adrenaline through me .
enough of the trees clung stubbornly to their foliage to give a dappled vermilion - gold effect to the edge of the water .
in the summertime a full flowering of day lilies surrounded it , but now the dark green foliage was low and flat .
a fine layer of white coated each leaf .
the foliage was long gone , but the rolling hills of fir and pine were delightful , especially with the delicate lacing of snow just fading at the edges .
down we headed beneath 146 , past a cloud of bright - pink fall foliage .
a leaf tumbled across the road and i gave a small jump .
more photos of the sunsets , rainbows , and foliage described can be found at suttonmass.org .
though the air was heavy , the sun shone and the young foliage was green and tender in the poplar trees .
i was scrambling under the scratchy foliage when the adjacent door opened and another guard ran out .
the landscape was very similar to the rolling hills of southwestern ohio , but there was something about the color of the sky and the foliage that spoke of a wildness that still lay on the land despite the cities and towns and other signs of civilization .
language differences british slang : meaning a autumn : fall b bike : woman of loose morals bollocking : stern reprimand born the wrong side of the blanket : illegitimate child brief : a suspects lawyer bright spark : clever person builders bum : bottom cleavage buttie : sandwich by - blow : illegitimate child c chippie : carpenter / fish and chip shop / a person inclined to be snappish ( chippy ) come clean : tell the truth cracking up : having a nervous breakdown cup of builders : strong tea cup of rosie lee ( cockney rhyming slang ) : tea d divvy up : share out do a ( moonlight ) flit : disappear ( suspiciously suddenly ) dodgy : illegal dodgy person : a person of suspect morals ( in a legal sense ) do / doing a bunk : disappear ( usually before the law or creditors catch up with you ) done a bunk : ditto ef easy : morally lax ( in a sexual sense ) i m easy : happy to go along with everyone else flabbergasted : astonished full wack : full price g get your marching orders : to be sacked , dismissed give someone a bell : telephone someone give something the once - over : check something out gnashers : teeth gobsmacked : astonished , shocked ( got ) form : got a criminal record grass up : inform on someone to the police grotty : horrible hi half - inch = pinch ( cockney rhyming slang ) : steal have it out : brisk exchange of views high - falluting : fancy , posh iffy whistle ( whistle and flute = suit ( cockney rhyming slang ) : stolen suit of male clothing in a jiff / jiffy : quickly / soon jkl jiffy bag : padded envelope lets get cracking : lets get on with it m measly : very little moolah : money more front than brighton / you ve got some front : plenty of chutzpah no old lags : prison inmates ( usually recidivist ( repeat offender ) on someones watch : while responsible for pqr pikey : traveller , gypsy pillock : idiot porkie pie ( cockney rhyming slang ) : lie rat - arsed / pissed : drunk right pillock : total idiot right plonker : total idiot s scrote : insult , short for scrotum scumbag = slag ( cockney rhyming slang ) : insult ( low - life male character ) short and curlies : pubic hair shtum : do nt tell anyone , keep quiet slag : toe - rag = slag ( cockney rhyming slang ) : insult ( low - life male character ) slag : insult ( female character of low morals ) skedaddle : make oneself scarce / escape snout : police informer sparks : electrician sparksll fly : a situation will become inflamed sticky situation : difficult t tea - leaf ( cockney rhyming slang ) : thief tetchy : irritable , touchy , snappish toe - rag = slag ( cockney rhyming slang ) : insult ( low - life male character ) tosser : insult ( male given to personal sexual abuse ) trouble and strife ( cockney rhyming slang ) : wife turn a girls head : make her smitten / keen on someone uv up to ones eyeballs : very busy wxyz wasted : very drunk whistle and flute ( cockney rhyming slang ) : suit of male clothing wuss : weakling you make me crack up : you make me laugh ( sometimes used in a sarcastic manner ) you ve got some front : plenty of chutzpah british spelling v us spelling alternative - v - alternate colour - v - color grey - v - gray labour - v - labor neighbour - v - neighbor organise - v - organize practice ( doctors practice ) -v - practice practise ( as in to practise doing something ) -v - practice queue - v - qu ( ? )
he parked in the lot of four leaf clover cafe and they entered the dimly lit bar room that smelled of stale cigarette smoke , stale beer and stale bodies .
the loosely wrapped package of pressed leaves on the drop - leaf table caught his eye .
the weed was still on the drop leaf table , the cigarette pack alongside .
his gaze fell on the partially wrapped package of weed sitting on the drop - leaf table .
the dealer snatched the ten , reached under the front of his shirt and brought out a small plastic sandwich bag half filled with dried leaf fragments he handed to hyde .
i m kidding , i said , as i picked a leaf out of her hair .
the night air was heavy and damp , the remains of an earlier storm clinging to the foliage .
a crimson leaf fell onto his head .
by the time i d hauled my fourth wheelbarrow load to the leaf pile in the back , i was planning on chainsawing both trees .
` ` you can go , if you really want to , '' she said , poking at a leaf that had the bravery to look pale .
breaking through the bushes and dead foliage , the beast that was ben let out an ear splitting howl that sent shivers down my spine .
he pointed north to where the unfinished town homes stood not more than three hundred yards away and we all turned to peer through the foliage at the skeletal structures being built .
on the cover , a dead girl watched beetles dance in the foliage .
its three panels depicted scenes of the holy family , done in gold leaf and ebony .
the coach was as sumptuous as grenville 's with velvet walls , gold leaf on the windows , and cushioned stools for our feet .
ducking down , i was invisible from the pedestrian path as long as no one was looking for a young woman crouching in the foliage .
sue ann had set the table with china , candles , and a fall foliage centerpiece .
there was enough foliage on the back end of the lot that he could stay there without detection .
he lit another match and burned out the last of the green leaf in the pipe , pulling the smoke into his lungs .
the reddish rust - colored hairs and jade - green leaf hissed , rich in oil , and burst into smoke .
the light strikes the scenery with a warm glow and high contrast ; the foliage , the buildings , and the people are all warmed by the sun at its best .
lettice with an i replied miss leverson ruefully , the girls at school used to call me lettuce leaf .
through the day , the magnificent stone work of the house covered in areas with rich climbing foliage gave casual coolness , comfort and welcome .
instead of curtains , foliage plants in hanging containers softened the windows .
the house was beautiful - the climbing foliage on the stone walls was a study of leaves in several shades of green , touched with contrasting shade and sunlight .
isaac came up with him as he leaned against a tall tree , looking up into the branches , not yet in full leaf .
he swung himself up into his tree , thinking it would nt be long now before the trees would be in full leaf , probably only two or three weeks .
quite suddenly , a few days later , it seemed that strength came flowing back , and he took advantage of the guards leniency to leave his tree , out of sight in the heavy foliage , and make his way to a vantage point where he could watch the soldiers at target practice .
the knobs caught my eye ; they were white , each one adorned with a single maple leaf in its center .
across from the bed was a cherry - finished maple dresser , each drawer possessing the same maple leaf knobs .
not a stray leaf in sight , the bushes trimmed , urns of yellow mums flanking the front door .
each covered with foliage as dense as what they had just driven through , below them was a small reddish / purple sand beach .
her body was trembling like a small leaf in a rainstorm .
georgina and i had the tuna salad platters ; an ice cream scoop of tuna on a lettuce leaf surrounded by slices of hard boiled egg , olives , and pickled beets .
chapter seven the beauty of the early fall foliage failed to impress howard as he drove along the winding back roads of southwest missouri .
on either side of art , lime trees , denuded of their own summer foliage but instead bedecked in vibrant green ivy , stood to attention like soldiers flanking the entrance of their leader .
there were other little sounds : the crack of wood and leaf , and the furtive scurry of small feet in amongst the low undergrowth which spread across the moist ground like a shroud , concealing more than it revealed .
there was a smell of rotting wood and wet , decaying leaf matter and also something else , something musky and alive , a rich , pungent smell that made his nostrils flare with repugnance .
ahead , the highest branches of the trees on each side of the path almost met , creating the illusion that he was walking through an arboreal tunnel ; in the summer time , when the foliage was more in bloom , art was sure that the effect would be complete .
arphallo held open the door , glass lettered in gold leaf .
he held it over micks grave then dropped it , letting it flutter toward the ground like an autumn leaf .
henry snatched glimpses of the reddening sun through the foliage .
its dark hardwood floor gleamed under the layers of wax that coated it ; the numerous plants tall ferns and mini - palms were green and lush ; the walls were brightly painted in reds and blues , accented by gold leaf along the molding .
it was a thing of beauty , long and tightly rolled in a single black tobacco leaf .
nathan followed her outside , but she 'd vanished into the thick foliage faster than a rabbit catching sight of a hungry wolf .
` ` take care of my booty , '' he whispered and made a bare flick of his fingers to toss the card into a deep fissure between a leaf and a stem .
the other girl - the daughter of the lady who had stumbled in on all this - quaked like a leaf .
ian drove on , smiling at the foliage and dreaming of a better life .
the day was clear , the foliage bursting with green .
i can almost imagine a happiness without her , the ability to let her go , to feel our roots are connected even if i never see that leaf of grass again .
a guy whose strings were broken , who did n't feel the root of his leaf of grass connected to the field , a guy who was cracked .
the backyard looked melancholy in the late autumn , the foliage thinned out and the high fence depressingly obvious .
men and women were separated at the club , the women animatedly playing mah - jongg , the men silently chewing on cigars over a hand of cards ; women still had special tee times so as not to interfere with the breadwinners'-i.e . , their husbands'-precious leisure moments ; there was tennis too , but that was more for fashion than exercise , giving everyone an excuse to wear sweatsuits that rarely encountered sweat , couples sometimes sporting matching ones ; a men 's grill , a women 's lounge , the oak boards memorializing golf champions in gold leaf , the same man winning seven years in a row , now dead , the large locker rooms with masseur 's tables , the bathrooms with combs sitting in blue alcohol , the pickle - and - cole - slaw bar , cleat marks on the rug , the founders board with his grandparents ' names still on it , immigrant dining room help , all referred to by their first names , always smiling too hard and at the ready .
his clothes quickly dampened from wet foliage , and he was careful not to jostle the box , not sure of how fragile the contents might be .
he and akilina crouched low in the foliage just beyond the muddy roadbed .
he tested the foliage all around and found no blood , either .
he points to a daisy , and then to a four leaf clover , ` ` and this one is for luck , because god knows you needed some . ''
i shake like a trembling leaf , but i ' m on my feet and in one piece .
jude 's a dominant force , ready to enact his will as if the inebriated man were nothing more than a dry leaf to be crushed in the palm of his hand .
julian was treading water just behind the boat , a giant leaf of kelp on his head like an ill - fitting hat .
we might nibble on a leaf of lettuce and drink copious amounts of water to purge any sort of bloating , but that 's it .
hunter gritted his teeth , viciously snapping a browned leaf off a wilting gemini tea rose .
the air outside grew colder and the foliage on the trees began to disappear .
i had sat in the passenger seat shaking like a leaf ; dee came around and helped me out , using her tiny body as a shield .
she stabs another piece of salad and turns the leaf over , examining it , before popping it in her mouth .
i pretend that i did n't just bleed my heart out onto a sheet of loose leaf .
these moments were like four leaf clovers .
they 'd put the turkey flag outside and i knew the house was going to be dripping in leaf cutouts and various other thanksgiving memorabilia .
the table was set with the maple leaf placemats and a yankee candle store 's worth of spice - scented candles were burning .
` ` he was n't feeling that great , so i sent him to lie down , '' mom said , folding the blanket covered in a leaf pattern over her arm and then putting it in the thanksgiving decoration tub .
i supposed i could drag a palm leaf over my head if it rained , but if anything tried to attack ?
i wandered over to it , peeling a damp palm leaf off the back of my leg .
we glared at each other for a few moments and then he got up and headed down the beach to get a palm leaf .
by the time he returned , i had a notch cut into the wood and had started setting everything back up again - wood , coconut fluff for tinder , and the leaf itself .
and when it was a real flame , dean wrapped the entire thing in the palm leaf and carried it back to our fire pit , placing the smoking bit at the bottom of the wood pile with delicate hands .
the look liam shot my way could have withered foliage .
i snorted and chewed a green leaf , then spat it out .
this new leaf threw me off balance , and suddenly all i could think about was the scent of beer on my breath and how disheveled i probably looked .
so much for that new leaf .
` ` for you to be considering someone else like that is more like turning over a whole freaking tree , not just a leaf , but good for you .
interesting did n't even begin to cover it but my new leaf was all about self - gratification and rule was ultimately what i wanted to be gratified .
fear gripped , turning me into an autumn leaf .
sounds of a gurgling river and waterfall lilted behind luscious foliage .
i could n't see through thick foliage , and spun in a slow circle , searching .
my eyes flew to the aviary , hidden behind foliage .
scrolls and gold leaf , pretentious and ostentatious .
i felt like a dried - up leaf whose only purpose was to fall to the ground and rot .
my nak*dness had lasted for so long that i 'd become accustomed to it , and now i had both hands free again , no mylar to use as a sort of fig leaf .
i do n't even know twenty - four people i 'd want anywhere near me , and ethan throws intimate dinner parties where he does n't even have to put a leaf in the table to entertain that many .
` ` if i ' m looking way up at you and shaking like a leaf , it 's probably got something to do with a ladder . ''
luke plucks a waxy leaf off the artificial plant near the door .
luke flicks the leaf to the floor .
i pluck a leaf off a bush and peel at the waxy edges .
i drop the leaf onto the ground and tip my head back to look at the top .
i watch a leaf float in front of us , drifting up and down , before blowing out across the spacious land .
my emotions feel brittle like an old leaf .
i was shaking like a leaf .
i floated like a dead leaf from state to state , and until i met javier , my ties to people were superficial at best .
she sighed , her breath shaking like a leaf , and carefully walked across the field and over to the sidelines .
he touched me gently over every vine , leaf and petal , until i had to supress a shaky moan that tried to escape from my lips .
we paused right before the foliage swallowed us , hesitating before the belly of the beast .
the jungle started spinning around me and i saw nothing but madness in the never - ending trees , faces made out of foliage , darkness in the limbs .
i started running around where we had slept until i found my backpack , the contents strewn across the leaf - covered forest floor .
the fear of who might be lying out there in the dense foliage , watching me , springing a trap .
once on the ground , we walked along as silently as we could , mindful of every single leaf we were treading on .
i realized i was shaking like a leaf , my teeth chattering with the cold .
i was still shaking like a leaf in an autumn breeze .
the ground seemed to crumbled beneath me like an autumn leaf .
emily i ' m shaking like a leaf , and i desperately want to cross my arms over my chest .
he starts to tug on a leaf hanging near his head .
there 's also a marijuana leaf on his hip , though that was n't me .
tires crunching over the gravel , i drive on until the foliage disappears and the hotel opens up in front of me .
the pine trees were incredibly tall there , the foliage thick and little purple wild flowers dotted the ground whimsically .
her strong soft thighs rest on my shoulders , trembling like a leaf in the wind , and i ca n't believe she would let me do this , but she is .
her body seized as he groaned and tightened , the sun shining between new spring foliage , her face tipped up to the sun as she received the full offering of luscious , forbidden sex from dr .
a slow , deep kiss at the edge of the leaf umbrella made her toes curl in , turning her wet again , and making her crave a bed , a good thai take - out menu , and a limitless supply of barrington roasters coffee .
fishing in her hair , mike untangled a leaf and held it up to look .
` ` remember the leaf in my hair ? ''
chapter nine rena smiled and buried a tomato beneath a leaf of lettuce with a swipe of her fork , absently playing with her food .
i was shaking like a leaf when they sat me inside a patrol car .
and that 's part of why i ' m doing this , why i ' m still here , why i ' m fighting my fears and the turmoil in my soul , why i ' m shaking like a leaf , my heart hammering and my breath coming in fast , deep gasps .
i imagine all the other men and women , in evening dresses and tuxes , who ' ve walked through this lobby as we do , across the polished tiles on the floor , the red leaf pattern on the carpet , and through the french doors of the palm court to the terrace room just beyond .
he had on a white button - down shirt , loose - fitting for the tropics , and a pair of swim shorts with the most ridiculously loud jungle leaf pattern .
inside each leaf of the clover , he wrote the symbols he 'd seen .
he looked handsome in the deep foliage , like a greek god of abundance .
it could have been in the tennessee mountains for all its foliage and acreage .
i thought we were unsafe , aziz or deaver would have neutralized him and my woman would not be shakin ' like a f**kin ' leaf right about now . ''
frostbite was my only friend and i lay on the icy ground with only leaf matter and mud for insulation .
her glossy brown hair held foliage and pieces of freshly mowed grass .
they looked darker , more autumn leaf than precious metal , but still as cold .
my aloofness and spirit were gone , replaced by a brittle shaking leaf .
a leaf that was turned on and damp .
jethro spun in his saddle , planting a hand on the rump of his horse , glowering into the dense foliage .
jethro shifted , his movements quiet even with the leaf matter littering the earth .
a large gold filigree ' w ' embossed the cover with what looked like an oak tree sprouting countless limbs of foliage .
i forced my tear - stained vision to focus on jethro as he prowled to the ferns and reached into the foliage .
i peered into the foliage .
i shivered in his arms like a rapidly decaying leaf .
he knew where the path was , hidden by foliage leading toward the large six bedroom dwelling the previous investor had built for his family .
taking my fork and stabbing a basil leaf , i mumble with a grin , ` ` snarky bitches , '' before taking a bite .
` ` it 's good to see you smiling , '' he says as i scoot around the large , green leaf , reveling in my new form .
i ask and watch as he makes his way to the edge of the leaf , and when we pass a log floating in the water , he slides onto it when the bark meets the lily pad .
i walked up the dimly lit pathway , not a leaf or blade of grass out of place .
i ' m left out there , standing awkwardly in my cerise blouse with its leaf detail , paired with my new simple white pencil skirt .
so why was he shaking like a leaf in the wind at the very idea of lifting the hem of that exquisite dress and feasting his eyes on what he 'd already seen ?
all that mattered was dillon 's touch and how he managed to make her tremble like a leaf in the wind .
her voice shook like a leaf , tinged with the same unadulterated lust glittering in her eyes .
he stalks out and i lock the door after him before sliding to the ground , shaking like a leaf .
lush foliage and gorgeous plants also surrounded the property .
grinning , anger pulsing through me , i spread my wings high above my head while feathers swept the dry foliage at my feet .
we rode to the top of the mountain , and stone pulled into quail mountain park , a public park built at the summit , taking full advantage of the views of the valley below and the foliage of the trees that lined the side of the mountain .
another report sounded in her general direction and i coughed blood and leaf bits into the dirt as i struggled to lift my head .
you re shaking like a leaf .
oh my lord , you re shaking like a leaf .
unlike castolla , whose buildings were made of sturdy wood and sometimes stone pillars coated thinly with gold - leaf , azarmon was a proud assembly of establishments and houses , all with white brick walls and white columns .
the waterfalls were breathtaking against the colorful fall foliage , the climb to the bridge steep but exhilarating .
anything can be a treasurea rock , a bug , a leaf , a floweranything that you think is interesting .
it dripped down the glowing virginia creeper that screened spring cottage , where harry had once lived , making its way leaf by ruddy leaf until it disappeared into the dark earth , newly turned and weeded .
it dripped down the glowing virginia creeper that screened spring cottage , where harry had once lived , making its way leaf by ruddy leaf until it disappeared into the dark earth , newly turned and weeded .
the rain drenched the splendid yew that guarded the entrance , spiralling its way round the contoured branches then down the flagstone path until it passed through the wicket gate and reached the gutter , it ran to the bottom of the hill where it bubbled and gurgled , escaping through the leaf clogged drains or accumulating in ever widening puddles across the intersection of the two roads .
rain had fallen recently , though long enough past that the foliage had already dried .
she watched the face pull back , the legs swing over again as he dropped like a leaf to the ground in front of her .
bundles of foliage hung like mummified bats from rafters only a few feet above her head .
every blade and leaf caked with it , and the fluffy down could barely lift from the ground for the weight of magic clinging to it .
cristinas eyes , the color of bright foliage on a sunny day , contemplated me hopelessly .
the rings design was peculiar , it was circular and it had a phoenix on it and the phoenix was carrying two four leaf clovers .
he listened as the first armed enemy brushed aside the low - hanging palm leaf .
he sucked in a deep breath and took a step off the bluff that supported the unique building structure of the small brick house , sliding down the muddied path to the foliage beneath .
looking back down at the deep ravine , covered with protruding foliage that hid the bottom of it from view , lincoln wondered silently what the delay might be before he did go splat .
emily i m shaking like a leaf , and i desperately want to cross my arms over my chest .
he had always wondered why grey days seemed to bring out the best of the autumn foliage , not that there was much left to speak of .
her awards include both reviewer 's choice and career achievement awards from romantic times ; a rita nomination from rwa ; gold and silver certificates from affaire de coeur ; the rwa region 1 golden leaf ; and several sales awards from bookrak .
adam , on the other hand , had only a strategically placed fig leaf to protect his modesty .
perhaps without the leaf i could find illumination , naomi muttered with a mischievous smile .
and by the time we get to the main hall , i m so nervous i m shaking like a leaf .
rich foliage weaves a magical spell of green , gold , orange , and red so deep it looks like rubies have been sprinkled along the lush tree line .
she said a reply , but her voice was muffled from her head sticking in the small foliage .
as they climbed the hill , the vegetation reduced solely to evergreen firs that never shed their foliage , blocking out the sunlight and any warmth it might have supplied .
as the tall trees allow the darkness to claim us once more , i catch sight of a golden light streaking through the foliage toward jackson .
each leaf at its base had a different jewel .
thick foliage enclosed us on both sides of the path , making the place seem much more private than public .
noticing something uncomfortable beneath me , i reached for it and pulled out a stethoscope , the head of the chestpiece decorated with a sticker of a three - lobed leaf .
curiosity was killing jonathan , but river was shaking like a leaf .
in beautiful gold leaf lettering the title , the daughters of the moon , scrolled across the top .
gol 's words would shake him like a leaf in a storm .
dots of white imbedded in green foliage became a cemetery .
monica had long straight blond hair and startling eyes ; one was brown and one was leaf green .
the foliage was vividly green and shiny with rain .
thunder rumbled above and little flecks of rain began to strike the surrounding foliage .
her visage appeared like a serene pond , while her feminine shyness is the reverberations on it , when a leaf of a demure smile is dropped by her protruding lips .
hydrangea bushes bent over split - rail fences with enormous blue flower heads against shiny foliage , yet another shade of green .
she felt that if she stood among them for more than a moment she might be lost , swallowed into the whispering foliage and the green darkness and the fertile black earth .
although the early morning dew cooled the air , the july sun would soon rise to push back the clouds and scorch the green foliage surrounding her .
no , actually , it was not a leaf at all .
before we knew it there had been a gulf between us and my ears could no longer grab the sound of her beating heart she was always made for the wind , a leaf in the wind .
the universe in its vast complexity and incomprehensibility , sustains itself because everything , every piece of wood , every leaf on tree or every hair on head is at its place .
she was shaking like a leaf that was intimidated by the wind .
the odd leaf drifted slowly down to the sidewalk from the nearby linden trees .
the iron frame of the screen crumpled under her feet and thorny branches scratched her arms as she pushed through the foliage behind the flower beds .
to my right the trees stretched out endlessly , their thick foliage quiet as the dead .
mattie had forgone an updo in favor of pinning small sections of my hair with matching silver clips , encrusted with clear gemstones , each shaped like a leaf just behind my temples .
as my mind drifted like a leaf on a stream , i had a thought .
bending down , joni lifted a yellow oak leaf .
holding her breath , joni searched through the foliage for a card .
she giggled at his description of the foliage , but winced from the pain her sudden facial movements caused .
she picked up an acorn and then a yellow oak leaf dripping with morning dew .
the early morning sun shone through the canopy of leaves overhead and dappled her golden hair as she twirled a red leaf between her fingers .
the oak leaf in her hair reminded him of the day he first brought her to the farm .
the army never provided enough and , while i trained in the old city , rations consisted of dried protein jerky , a fat bar , vitamins , and leaf water .
she thought he was going to say something , but instead he brushed a vine leaf from her hair , smiled and then walked down the row .
we come to a courtyard at the end of the river , ensconced by beautiful foliage and flowers .
nathan slid his sneaker across the pavement , watching as he crushed a leaf .
maddy crunched a leaf beneath her shoe .
it stood no more than twenty - five feet from them , its paws shielded by a low lay of prickly foliage .
the foliage was sparse here , so clint dismounted , tied the horse in a grouping of rocky mountain maples and pulled his rifle from his scabbard .
there were palm trees and green foliage laced between every building and graffiti covered wall ; this definitely was a strange and beautiful tropical melting pot .
a leaf rose slowly , barely moving the air around it .
on the leaf sat a bee , not disturbed by the eyes that , inches away , looked past it to where the woman pushed through the waist - high water .
she stood up and walked over to a bush , plucking a waxy leaf from its stem .
she stopped suddenly and turned away , waiting for her temper to dissipate and looked down at the leaf in her hand .
she dropped the leaf on the ground next to a giant millipede and bent down to take a closer look as it barreled over the ground .
he covered the pot with a giant leaf , using it as a lid .
scrounging through it , she returned with something wrapped in a leaf .
she knew , as long as she lived , she would never get used to daylight , real air and foliage .
though beccas familys house was on a cul - de - sac in a highly developed part of greensboro , the view from these glass doors revealed only naturea mix of deciduous trees , some with their foliage gone , some clinging to brown and gold leaves , and lofty dark pines .
a leaf ? with the toe of her clog .
every fish in the lake , every creeping thing upon the ground , every bird in the sky , every leaf on every tree , every star hidden in the heavens pointed them toward one more merging , one more link in their golden chain of love .
she smiled , ` ` in some ways it 's quite similar with its abundant trees and foliage . ''
the two were chatting as they approached and they did nt greet her , but clen assumed they d seen her sitting behind a large lilac that had partially shed its foliage .
she closed her eyes , listening to the sounds of birds singing and squirrels scampering through the crisp leaf litter .
a pale sky arched above and a leaf crackled under her cheek .
next to it , the patch of earth where thomasina and gladiolus planted the yellow tulips that long - ago day was choked with weeds and leaf litter .
she brushed away the seed and leaf debris on her jeans , then took the roses to the car , and settled them in a cool spot for the drive to lawrence .
he brushed a dry leaf off the stone face .
blue eyes meeting hers of leaf green , he held the gaze and saw a depth and curiosity he had never before encountered .
she stood deep in lush growth and foliage she had never before seen .
she looked around at the foliage to find something that would help her make her point , but he shook his head .
one of the older women cleaning the windows that morning had come across an autumn leaf and tucked it in her sleeve .
an eccentric thing to do , susan had thought , until it occurred to her that even a leaf might be a treasure to someone who had nothing else in the world .
john reluctantly halted the horse , in the hidden foliage near the river .
the small green shoot of the plant called hope that had sprung up inside her , only to be trampled upon , raised itself up again , leaf by tiny leaf .
the small green shoot of the plant called hope that had sprung up inside her , only to be trampled upon , raised itself up again , leaf by tiny leaf .
completely oblivious to his presence , she took her time with each work of art , every flower and leaf and tree pulling her in with its unashamed display of color and its depth of detail .
beside her stood a man with orange hair and hip glasses holding the hands of a black - haired son who looked just like henry and a yellowhaired daughter who was kicking a leaf on the concrete .
i lied and said i was because i m in love with you , and i want to be with you we were at chaucer now , and as the foliage passed , and we entered the car - filled grass of the estate , nancy parked .
even when alex 's costume for the school play had turned out looking more like a green leaf than a tree , she had nt complained .
he trekked across frozen , packed snow cluttered by dense foliage .
he drew nearer , shedding his cloak of foliage and fog , and delighted in the response of the guards .
his feet crossed the leaf - strewn forest floor soundlessly and with agility , responding stealthily to every obstacle that presented itself .
but she remained , transfixed , sitting with her knees cradled to her chest on the leaf covered earth .
unfiltered sunshine lit the fall foliage on the rolling hills of the valley .
eric sala tackled melissa to the ground , her body slammed against the leaf covered forest floor .
lightning flashed ; the wind howled thrashing boughs as they surrendered new foliage to its might .
i think ill just make like a tree and leaf , katryn said pretending to be offended .
darcy looked over his shoulder at sakura , who was now hiding her face by hugging herself into a small ball , her body shivering like a leaf in an angry storm .
nothing is bothering me , she said , gently stroking the paintbrush against the white sheet , making another tiny green leaf .
suddenly he pulled back , frowning down at her , noticing she was rigid and shaking like a leaf within his embrace .
she held on to him tightly , her whole body shaking like a leaf .
start with some roast beef , thin slices for better flavor , layer of swiss with the big holes on one side of the beef , slice of provolone on the other , quartet of pepperoni slices for a little zest , light mayo on one whole wheat face , light mustard on the sourdough face , leaf lettuce , pickle on the side and some chips if i can find them , cut on a diagonal , no fancy toothpicks .
rising with a clear mind to continue his run , ryan noticed for the first time that the pond did nt seem to have its usual musky smell or the dry leaf scent of early winter ; there was a faint hint of roses in the air , although he knew full well there were nt any growing in the dense brushy undergrowth , and certainly not at this time of year .
there in the cemetery , at the head of marys grave , stood the american beauty rose , in full leaf , with six perfect flowers , the first time it had ever bloomed .
i was nt sure if it was human , bobcat , or some other variety of predator , but i twisted through the overgrown ferns and foliage , running faster and encouraging julie to hurry .
her leaf green eyes were enthusiastic as she grinned , her pretty face aglow in the light coming from the restaurant .
she was shaking , trembling like a leaf as the affects of his gaze took its toll .
ruth , demetri , rory , and casey burst through the foliage and ran at the group .
he poured it on his greens and speared a spinach leaf and white mushroom .
a green fungus , disguised over the expanse of the river as healthy foliage , covered every tree trunk and limb .
fortunate to be the eldest , heir to the prestigious firm of blacksworth & company investments , fortunate to sit on the board as its ceo , blessed to have a beautiful wife , a gifted daughter , fortunate to own a 7,000 square foot tudor in essex estates , a membership to silver leaf country club , two mercedes .
i do n't think there was a single leaf out of place .
she thought the foliage of the coffee plants was cleverhighlighting where the popular beverage originated .
` ` in this case you have not done a complete history , so the contest ` ` she picked up the fallen leaf .
now , on her hands and knees in the rose garden behind her house , she sighed as she found aphids picnicking on the green foliage .
vines and foliage had grown over part of it , so she crept closer and knelt .
the united power of every blast did more than just pick her up like a leaf .
i stare at another leaf as it gently falls from a branch .
rodeo drive had nice features like areas that had cobbled streets , ornate lampposts that had hanging plants with draping foliage , a dog statue , and a classy hotel .
rosalie was trembling like a leaf .
there was foam on top that even had the pattern of a leaf on it .
the foliage surrounding the mansion was a combination of tropical plants , and palm trees .
the leaf structure of each plant will be trained to provide a kind of canopy over the grape clusters .
and it was time to turn over a new leaf .
i knew you would nt be able to resist making new friends with all of this foliage tucked everywhere .
each leaf had been like a mini painting .
the waitress was trembling like a leaf and in that moment the strong woman dante had come to know suddenly looked so delicate and vulnerable that it ate something up inside of him .
alan boldly declared even though he was shaking like a leaf .
when he d first done this he d trembled like a leaf .
how often do you see a guy who should be carved in marble , fig leaf optional ?
there s graffiti everywhere , spray - painted a for anarchy symbols next to elaborate works of art featuring street scenes from around town vatos in zoot suits next to low - rider cars , the golden gate bridge with a marijuana leaf superimposed in the clouds above it , fishermans wharf with stylized caricatures of fat , clueless tourists toting oversized cameras .
dark and oriental in color , and the small butterfly hovering at the top covered in gold leaf .
she smiled at the small bouquet of flowers at the top of her comb , again covered in gold leaf .
i nod and he leads me around back to a beautiful garden surrounded by red leaf trees .
despite locking my muscles in place as i think telling our children , my legs turn to jello and i sink to the ground , crumpling like a withering leaf .
the wind picked up shaking loose some of the first fall foliage .
he picked up a leaf .
through the parted foliage , hunter watched clarice walked out of the restaurant first .
the yard was dry , the foliage had not yet risen to give it the misty cool of a flourishing garden .
fall colored leaves of red , orange and yellow spilled across the unstained pine wood that was covered with coats of varnish until no leaf tip or stem marred the surface .
he pointed to a brilliant red maple leaf .
beams of light filtered through the thick foliage concealing the tree house windows .
she frowned at his handful of mangled , dark leaves until a holly berry identified the foliage as the mistletoe from the zoo .
table of contents chapter one chapter two chapter three chapter four chapter five chapter six chapter seven chapter eight chapter nine chapter ten chapter eleven chapter twelve chapter thirteen chapter fourteen chapter fifteen chapter sixteen chapter seventeen chapter eighteen chapter nineteen chapter twenty chapter twenty - one chapter twenty - two chapter twenty - three chapter twenty - four chapter twenty - five chapter twenty - six chapter twenty - seven chapter twenty - eight chapter twenty - nine chapter thirty chapter thirty - one chapter thirty - two chapter thirty - three chapter thirty - four chapter thirty - five epilogue french - english translations about the author other titles by irene davidson connect with irene davidson acknowledgements a sample of irenes next title : leaf on a breeze , book two in the white briars series poem : in flanders fields recipe links dedicated to scott and bryony , without a doubt the two most perfect creations of my life .
it had been left so that the trees now crowded closely either side of the leaf - strewn lane , their branches intertwining overhead to form a green shady tunnel that might be pleasant on a sunny day , but was somewhat eerie on a misty morning such as this .
other titles by irene davidson flowers in the morning , ( book 1 in the white briars series ) free download from smashwords leaf on a breeze , ( book 2 in the white briars series ) available early , 2015 connect with irene davidson friend me on facebook website : http : //leafonabreeze.com smashwords interview : https : //www.smashwords.com / interview / aoaks smashwords profile page : https : //www.smashwords.com / profile / view / aoaks a sample of irenes next title : leaf on a breeze ( book 2 in the white briars series ) leaflets five , let them thrive !
other titles by irene davidson flowers in the morning , ( book 1 in the white briars series ) free download from smashwords leaf on a breeze , ( book 2 in the white briars series ) available early , 2015 connect with irene davidson friend me on facebook website : http : //leafonabreeze.com smashwords interview : https : //www.smashwords.com / interview / aoaks smashwords profile page : https : //www.smashwords.com / profile / view / aoaks a sample of irenes next title : leaf on a breeze ( book 2 in the white briars series ) leaflets five , let them thrive !
laying a leaf - covered hand on a branch of one of the most venerable of the orchards roses , he concentrated all his energy on encouraging the growth of the vine , willing the poison ivy that made up much of his torso and limbs to creep along and around the roses stalk .
although the lane was edged with trees in full leaf , they were doing little to alleviate the heat reflecting off the black asphalt surface .
turning over a new leaf i guess .
he pulled out the romaine leaf , made a face at it , and set it aside .
maureen picked up his discarded leaf and tucked it into her own sandwich .
slowing , the warrior rabbit shifter dipped them beneath the umbrella of foliage , then sailed a path that would take them straight to the cave lair of the so - called werewolves .
she plucked a leaf out of her hair .
it just said that it came with , salsify dauphinois , bluefoot mushrooms , arrow leaf spinach and sauce bordelaise , and that it was a hundred and twenty five dollars a plate .
he clutched his face in one hand and his body shook like a leaf in a tornado .
my face slammed into the rotting foliage and sand of the island ground , and the wolf buried its fangs into my shoulder . ''
i felt chills and i was trembling like a leaf , shattered by the news that had struck me like a bolt out of the blue .
it had the words lucky shirt printed across the front with a four leaf clover in the center .
her pursuer fell back , and she knew her only hope of escape was hiding in the foliage , unless ... . maybe she could make it to the ghost town and lose him in the maze of buildings .
now she was a part of every brick , every leaf , every breath .
focusing on it closer , it looked like it was tied around a leaf , which led me to believe it had nt been there long .
as fragile as the leaf looked , i doubted the trinket would ve still been there if a strong wind had blown through the area .
i d purposefully aimed for a wooded area , because i knew malphas would be somewhere with limited foliage .
the troops were unbelievably quiet as we traipsed through the various foliage .
clutching both , she returned to her spot on the patio , alongside the foliage crime scene , and lit a cigarette .
but the leaf - littered forest floor gave her no traction .
let him throw himself backward into the leaf litter with a forearm tossed across his eyes .
freda watched transfixed as a small black and white face emerged from the leaves and stared in at her quizzically for a moment , before disappearing into the foliage again .
the plane spiraled like a leaf , coming so close to the jagged mountainside on the left that she could see the pits in the dark red rock .
now , you 'll also find two other stories in this book : a leaf on the wind of all hallows , and the space between .
leaf is the story of roger mackenzie 's parents , jerry and dolly , and takes place during wwii .
diana gabaldon a leaf on the wind of all hallows introduction to a leaf on the wind of all hallows one of the interesting things you can do with a ' bulge ' is to follow mysteries , hints , and loose ends from the main books of the series .
diana gabaldon a leaf on the wind of all hallows introduction to a leaf on the wind of all hallows one of the interesting things you can do with a ' bulge ' is to follow mysteries , hints , and loose ends from the main books of the series .
a leaf on the wind of all hallows it was two weeks yet to hallowe'en , but the gremlins were already at work .
there was another ... another ... ten , a dozen , and the air was suddenly full of fireflies , soft green sparks that winked on and off , glowing like tiny , distant candles among the dark foliage .
he knew he did n't have his head on straight and he was shaking like a leaf as he went through the motions .
he was still holding the gun and he was shaking like a leaf .
bennett leaned down to pick up a red maple leaf that had fluttered to the ground in front of us .
` ` actually , on saturday i ' m driving up to lakeland for an art exhibit , '' he said , picking up another leaf .
adam and i had loved jumping in leaf piles out front while mom yelled at us to help rake .
up ahead , the soft rustling of foliage stopped - a clearing .
they drove a couple of miles past the store and then turned off onto a gravel road that wound up a small hill through thick foliage .
without memories , she was a leaf , caught up in the swirling current of a dream , but soon she would land on earth .
by the time chet returned to his office , he discovered he was shaking like a leaf .
his vines - and literally decades of work - had been wiped out by fan leaf disease , devastating the future of his vineyard and crippling him financially .
so greg 's vineyard had been hit by fan leaf disease .
fan leaf , a virus , had indiscriminately infected a number of vineyards in both the sonoma and napa valleys .
in recent years he 'd been working with local vineyard owners who were trying to grow vines resistant to the fan leaf virus before it had the same devastating results in washington as in california .
fan leaf virus was causing the ruin of many vineyards , and of course , phil had wondered about greg .
their troubles had started long before the fan leaf virus had destroyed his vines .
` ` i read about the fan leaf problems in your area . ''
i tried to meditate , to imagine a tranquil meadow with lush green foliage , just like jonathan had taught me .
or a leaf .
her wispy veil was anchored in place by a circlet of gold and silver , the craftsmanship of the leaf - and - diamond - encrusted piece drawing attention to her vivid eyes .
she stuck her fork into an innocent lettuce leaf .
the camp lay bathed in a rose - gold light in which every leaf edge seemed sharper , every green distinct .
she could hear distant chatter and laughter of other people also out to enjoy the beauty central park provided , but there were n't as many as they were during the day now that the sun had darkened the foliage .
moving as quickly as she could she scuttled back up the embankment and into the forest , then hunkered down and hid behind a tree surrounded by heavy foliage .
sunlight streamed through the empty branches onto the leaf - carpeted ground .
he was shaking - my little boy - shaking like a leaf .
layla walked into the little dining room to arrange a trio of flowers on the old , drop - leaf table they 'd picked up at the flea market .
tammie lee poured the tea and handed a glass to jacqueline , who frowned at the green leaf floating on top .
` ` that 's a mint leaf , '' tammie lee said .
jacqueline stood up to get her glass of iced tea and alix watched as she removed the mint leaf , using her thumb and index finger as if she were picking out a dead bug .
i 'd watched the kids glow with delight and point to various animals among the vibrant jungle foliage .
because the silver sheen bounced off a glistening splotch on the ground here , a leaf there .
a single , glistening drop of blood on a leaf made me cock my pistol .
the whisper of stirring foliage wended my way .
` ` you 're gloria ashton and you 're generous , loving , courageous- '' ` ` if i ' m so courageous , then why am i shaking like a leaf ? ''
peggy uncoiled the garden hose and moved carefully between the rows of leaf lettuce , sweet peas and pole beans .
the street was lined with elm trees already in leaf and there were tulips and daffodils in front of almost every house .
his eyes widened , but the others were already pushing by , and he was carried down the steps like a leaf in a current .
through it what was clearly ` ` the italian garden '' was visible , ringed round by foliage .
she thought for a moment that he must have been lying stunned upon the ground , the rest of his body hidden by foliage , but as she leaned forward , she realized that the boot - and the several inches of gnawed - upon , bloody flesh that protruded from the boot 's opening - were all there was to see .
` ` thieves ' vinegar , bat 's head root , belladonna , angelica , damiana leaf , powdered mermaid scales , and six nails from a virgin 's coffin . ''
every leaf is huge , every tree towering , every stone coated with moss .
there has n't been a leaf on the road for months .
for every step she took , they each took at least five , hopping and skipping and darting away to examine a bug , a rock , a leaf , then returning to their grandmother like satellites to a planet .
billy stepped out of the foliage on the other side of the road and silently joined him .
paige was holding a fistful of foliage , root balls still attached , while jordan was attempting to shove a grapefruit - sized rock into his tiny pocket .
as i burst out of the foliage and into the yard , the house seemed to stare back at me with a smirk .
i lifted my head as the tip of a tail disappeared into the foliage .
there was another ... another ... ten , a dozen , and the air was suddenly full of fireflies , soft green sparks that winked on and off , glowing like tiny distant candles among the dark foliage .
the foliage shivered .
he inched closer and pulled a leaf from my hair .
i burst through the foliage on one side just as nic did on the other .
i took advantage of the gift and the foliage , changing with the swiftness that now seemed to be mine for good , then i wrapped myself in the sarong and returned to the clearing .
i saw this in his eyes as he cradled me against him , there in the dirt with the smell of soil and sun on foliage .
asked grant from the far side of the thick foliage .
a couple of leaf bits on the floor .
even though it was january , a lot of the foliage was still thick and would help block her scent .
evelinde glanced upward at the foliage overhead .
if she were to climb one of the taller trees until the foliage thinned out , she might be able to see the castle .
she knew she should move his hand , but the rasp of his rough fingertips on her thigh was so pleasurable that all she could do was sit there , quivering slightly like a leaf in a soft spring breeze .
you 're shaking like a leaf . ''
he broke her fall and then took her hand , tugging her farther into the dense foliage .
his dad put the leaf into the dining room table , and eleanor sat right next to park .
` ` a leaf , '' he answers , smiling .
her bedding was a deep gray with a black leaf pattern all over it , and the walls were sparsely covered with candle holders , pictures and posters .
i turned left and bounded through a mess of fallen branches and wet foliage .
now she was going into the bosky woods , the dark under the thick foliage pierced every so often by a small shaft of sunlight from above .
as if she were some kind of hunter who could pinpoint the rotation of a leaf and let it lead her back to daniel .
it was just a simple flick of his fingers , as if cam were brushing away a dead leaf .
the room trembled like a leaf .
somebody had raked the leaves - people who stayed up all night making mountains out of mashed potatoes rarely had the presence of mind for leaf raking .
dean pumped harder and she trembled against him like a leaf .
apparently , he was n't the only one attempting to turn over a new leaf .
a giant marijuana leaf decorated his t - shirt .
i am like a leaf in the deep midwinter , curling up , turning black , becoming transparent and dry , afraid of a strong wind .
above her , an autumn leaf released its last tenuous hold on life and fluttered to the ground .
they burst through a patch of dense foliage and into a clearing where the helicopter waited .
` ` you 're shaking like a leaf .
it was merely a clearing before the landscape plunged into dense foliage and thick trees .
* * * six hours later , they gathered on the periphery of mendoza 's compound in a dense section of trees and snarled bushes and foliage .
then he reached for a blanket because she was shaking like a leaf .
adria hovered within pleasure , letting it cast her body about like a leaf on the wind .
shaking like a leaf , flushed , sweatin ' like a fountain , out of control panic attack .
her face was drawn , her eyes sunken pools of misery , her body shaking like a leaf .
she is my sticky little leaf .
` ` you are my sticky little leaf .
my beautiful , sad , sticky little leaf , and i want to see you happy and whole .
and julianne , my sticky little leaf .
you 're my beatrice and my sticky little leaf and my beautiful wife .
marcus stepped out from his hiding place behind a tree and brushed a stray leaf from his coat .
michael brushed a stray leaf off the cuff of his wide sleeve and looked around them , studying rachel 's dream version of the elite academy .
she trembled , like a leaf rustling in the wind , as sparks ignited from her head down to her toes .
she shook like a leaf .
she drew her pistol and stalked stealthily through the heavy cover , her nose quivering as her gaze took in every inch of thick foliage .
she could n't see who was astride the horse because the foliage obscured her view .
the original green part from when he began made a leaf , and the purples created the main part of it , with tiny florets swirling across my br**sts .
my heart pounds fiercely as i run along the tree - lined highway , and i am grateful there is still some foliage to provide me cover .
her body is trembling , and while her hand is clutched around the gun i ' ve given her , she looks like a leaf could fell her .
in the winter , it is harsh and unforgiving , but every spring , the foliage comes out .
southwycke 's garden was not fashioned after the popular french style , each blade of grass and leaf neatly manicured .
a leaf drifted by in the stream , bobbing around the stones .
her feet seemed not to make any noise at all , not even the slight crunch of a half - dried leaf .
the first one burst from the foliage to my right .
his hands shake more than a leaf in a windstorm . ''
the wind blew a leaf end over end across the threshold .
after another moment of silence , she absently picked a rosemary leaf out of her bread , twirled it around in her fingers , and then finally began to speak again .
every snap of a twig or crinkle of a dead leaf hit her like a slap .
rass stepped away from the shielding foliage of the tree .
` ` pax , what do you mean , a new leaf ?
but ' t was god 's truth , she was shaking like the last leaf in autumn .
ewan turned to mairin , who shook like a leaf against caelen 's side .
her gaze traced the depressed circles and raised leaf motifs as morning gradually filled the two narrow windows with a watery gray light .
when alaska young is sitting with her legs crossed in a brittle , periodically green clover patch leaning forward in search of four - leaf clovers , the pale skin of her sizable cl**vage clearly visible , it is a plain fact of human physiology that it becomes impossible to join in her clover search .
he blinked at the sound of the shot , then stood , eyes wide , watching as the frenchman fell slowly forward , still grasping his crotch , curling in on himself like a dried leaf .
a small , grubby face popped out of the foliage just ahead of them , blinked in surprise , then popped back in .
it would be gray within moments , but for the space of a heartbeat , the branches of the forest were etched black against it , each twig , each leaf distinct and beautiful .
with a last reconnaissance , he left the shelter of his bush , crawling through the thin screen of foliage .
` ` a leaf on the wind of all hallows '' appears in the anthology songs of love and death ( edited by george r.r .
jamie said , nibbling gingerly at a thick , waxy leaf .
but the boy had skipped up to him now and , having grabbed his hand , was pointing at the foliage .
watching a line of small snails slither over a leaf the size of a pizza , cole hunkered down .
after several minutes of listening to water wash on the shore and foliage clattering behind them , he asked , ` ` what do you think would be their favorite time to break out ?
` ` ah wel , now we can celebrate you turning over a new leaf and making my sister happy for a change . ''
the open concept living room and kitchen gave the impression of massive space , and the rustic beauty of old wood , thick walls , and lush foliage wrapped the home in elegance .
the olympic - sized pool was surrounded by lush foliage , imported palm trees , and vivid red and purple irises to surround swimmers in a tropical lagoon .
a movement on the patio caught his attention , and he cautiously moved a broad leaf a fraction of an inch to clear his line of vision .
she waited as the faint gray light slowly became stronger , until she could pick out more of the details of the lush foliage that surrounded her .
the stream created a break in the foliage that allowed more sunlight to pour down , letting the plants grow much more thickly .
grabbing vines for hand holds , using roots and rocks and bushes and small trees , she squirmed and wiggled her way through the foliage .
finally she scrambled over the top , and after pushing forward several yards found that the foliage had once again thinned , and walking was much easier .
she moaned , trying to wipe the dead insect off with a leaf .
the leaf did n't clean too well ; a smear still stained her hand , and she looked at grant with disgust showing plainly on her face .
abruptly he grabbed her arm and jerked her back into the sheltering foliage , dragging her to the ground behind a huge bush just as a helicopter suddenly roared over their heads .
she sat very still , her green and black clothing mingling well with the surrounding foliage , her senses alert .
slowly she moved , taking care not to rustle even a leaf , and crawled behind the shelter of the fallen tree 's roots .
she sank to her hands and knees and began crawling , as grant had taught her , keeping the thickest foliage between herself and the man , awkwardly clutching the pistol in her hand as she moved .
suddenly they broke free of the jungle 's edge , where man had cut back the foliage in an attempt to bring civilization to a small part of the tropical rain forest .
despite being surrounded by four walls - walls you could n't see because of the dense foliage - a gentle breeze rustled the leaves and stirred the air .
` ` i do n't know what you ' ve been thinking , or how you feel about ... what happened , '' steve said , ` ` but for the past ten days , i ' ve felt like a leaf caught in a windstorm .
now that it had come time , brand discovered he was shaking like a leaf caught in a whirlwind .
a long - necked giraffe nibbled foliage from a bright green apple tree heavy with luscious fruit .
he was shaking like a leaf and he might end up getting bit , but he 'd be damned if she would .
i ' m trembling like a leaf . ''
he grabbed a pillow from the sofa and held it like a fig leaf .
nay , it was anticipation that had overtaken her and had left her shaking like a leaf in front of her husband .
as the storm raged outside - uprooted foliage and wind - whipped trees battering against the house - paul held her close , his lips pressed against her cheek , each of them recalling the past and together discussing their dreams for the future , both of them marveling over the thoughts and feelings that had led to this moment .
but there was a pause , and then the shoelace disappeared , and the foliage surrounding it shifted slightly as if blown by a breeze .
here , deep in the rain forest , no sunlight penetrated the trees ; the foliage had a dark , sinister cast even in the middle of the day .
his body felt as brittle as a winter leaf .
the distant whine of leaf blowers filled the air .
wild rhododendrons blossomed along the side of the road , their bright pink flowers a colorful contrast to the lush green foliage .
he fell facedown , thrust hands and feet deep into the leaf mold , and wriggled madly , burrowing in .
` ` i do think ye 'd best put on your fig leaf first , though .
i pulled open the door of the cupboard , and gazed at the neat ranks of glass bottles therein - many of them empty , or with no more than a few scattered crumbs of leaf or root inside .
they had nothing to dig with ; the best that could be managed was a wide scrape in the leaf mold of the forest , and a thin cairn of rocks , as much to spite the ravens as for the sake of decency .
i stretched out my hand and dragged it through a yaupon bush ; the long , curly hairs drifted on the breeze of the horse 's passing , but stayed safely tangled in the jagged foliage .
he glanced toward the tree beneath which he had left me the night before and the deep furrow of disturbed leaf mold i had created in worm - crawling toward my present spot .
the glow from the fire was irregular and flickering , barely enough to make out the trunks of trees and the pale layer of needles and leaf mold on the ground .
enough to see the protrusions of granite boulders through the leaf layer , and the occasional hump of a fallen twig .
i rolled and scrabbled in the leaf mold , trying as hard as i could to wrap my legs around him , meaning to get a grip on his ribs and crush the life out of the filthy little worm , but he squirmed free and rolled atop me , punching at my head , trying to subdue me .
there 's no way of achieving real rest on horseback , though , and i found myself now close to nodding off , noticing only in a dreamy , detached sort of way that the water in the basin had turned a grubby , cloudy red , full of grit and leaf fragments .
i leaned down and plucked an elm leaf from his hair , trying to think what on earth to do with him .
it had been raining for several days , and the morning broke cloudy and damp , every leaf dripping and the air thick with the scents of resin and soggy leaf mulch .
it had been raining for several days , and the morning broke cloudy and damp , every leaf dripping and the air thick with the scents of resin and soggy leaf mulch .
not waiting for an answer , fraser stood and whipped the line up and back , sending the fly out to drift down over the center of the pool , lighting like a leaf on the water .
the impression of sacking and looting was furthered by the scene inside ; most of the shelves were empty , scattered with remnants of dried leaf and broken pottery .
in fact , bar any complications , i thought both would recover ; i had stayed with them all night , rousing them hourly to drink a concoction of honeyed water , mixed with a little salt , alternating with a strong infusion of peppermint leaf and dogwood bark to calm the bowels .
lizzie knelt on the floor , still clinging to the boys , the three heads drawn together like the lobes of a clover leaf as they murmured to one another .
it was thicker than the usual , with a soft , glossy texture , and she had mixed berries and tiny leaves into the pulp , so that here and there a small red stain spread like blood beneath the shadow of a leaf 's silhouette .
i should hear snufflings and gulping noises , at least - rustlings of broken foliage , the lap of a long tongue .
she jerked back her hand , scratching her arm on the jagged edges of lath , and a small cascade of dirty water , centipedes , mouse droppings , and fragments of palmetto leaf poured in through the hole she 'd made .
the forest whispered to itself , the faint patter of rain on the leaves blending with the subdued rustle and rub of leaf and branches .
the note was crumpled and stained from its journey , light as a leaf in my hand .
i broke a stalk of aloe from its clump , split the fleshy leaf , and spread the cool green gel inside across the welts on jamie 's palm .
the man hit the trunk hard , loosing a shower of leaves and acorns , and slid slowly down to lie dazed in the leaf - meal .
here and there a leaf had crisped and curled to brown , and took off scudding in the wind like a small boat over rough seas .
there was a sudden puff of wind , and the cup - curled leaf lifted off my hand , to tumble to the ground and go rolling along , down the empty street .
still , the banks were thickly forested , with only the occasional glimpse of fields where a break in the trees showed plantings , or every so often , a wooden dock , half - hidden in the foliage .
phaedre 's reputation as a sempstress was well founded ; the dress fit like a glove , and the bold bands of emerald satin glowed against the paler shades of ivory and leaf .
it was still damp and humid , but not so hot ; the air no longer seemed a smothering blanket , but something we might breathe - and breathe with pleasure , filled as it was with the perfumes of leaf mold , sun - warmed leaves , and damp moss .
i laughed , and he reached to pick a last - year 's leaf from my hair .
i jerked up , gasping for breath , shaking leaf mold out of my eyes .
the tobacco leaf sparked and fumed , spreading its rich aroma over the clearing .
the air was damp , cool but fecund , and my moccasins sank soundlessly into centuries - thick black leaf mold .
i gathered handfuls in my cloak , not caring for stains - what was a little strawberry juice among the stains of pine pitch , soot , leaf smudges and simple dirt ?
the season had not yet turned ; it was still late summer , and the air was rich with the sun - roused scents of leaf and berry , but so high in the mountains , the nights turned cold .
jamie sat back on his heels and frowned at my foot , then picked a dead leaf off my instep .
the rain had lessened to no more than a light spattering , and the forest was fragrant with the scents of wet , fresh leaves and fecund dark leaf mold .
the great rose brier that overhung the door was newly in leaf , hundreds of tiny green buds just forming .
her arms came round his neck as he bore her down beneath him to the leaf - matted ground beneath the tree .
she looked like a harlequin , he thought ; white cheek planes slashed by leaf shadows , framed by the dark of her hair , her eyes black triangles set above a dash of vivid mouth .
they were filthy ; covered with streaks of leaf stain and dirt , riddled with bits of straw ; she could see it even in the dim light from the window .
the cockroach , nothing daunted by rough treatment , rose out of the leaf mold and walked off , staggering only slightly .
brianna took a deep breath , and her fist closed tight on the leaf in her hand , crushing it .
49 choices november 1769 i opened daniel rawlings 's box , and stared at the rows of bottles filled with the soft greens and browns of powdered root and leaf , the clear gold of distillations .
it was cold and cloudy , with a light rain sputtering intermittently among the leaf - bare branches .
i leaned over his shoulder now and deposited a bowl of oatmeal in front of him , pausing to pluck an oak leaf from his hair .
the tea was green , hot and fragrant , with bits of leaf swirling through the liquid .
there 's the curved leaf for a journey , but it 's crossed by the broken one that means staying put .
though i failed to see how a tea leaf could know it .
i took advantage of the movement to get my knee up , and jabbed it into his exposed side , sending him sprawling into the leaf mold .
after a few words of inquiry as to my health and well - being , he led me over to the cages against the wall , where we admired the tiny inhabitants as they chirped and hopped through the foliage , excited by the wind .
the same pungent scent that pervades all watercourses was there ; a sharp mix of tangy greenness and rotted leaf , fresh water , dead fish , and warm mud .
geilie 's loose , flowing gowns smelled always of the essences she distilled : marigold , chamomile , bay leaf , spikenard , mint , marjoram .
usually clubbed into a queue or laced back , it was free now , thick and unruly , with small bits of leaf and stick caught in the disordered coppery locks .
he scratched the pricked ears , quoting ` ` thus fingal chose his hounds : eye like sloe , ear like leaf , chest like horse , hough like sickle and the tail joint far from the head . ''
his skin had darkened to a golden bronze during our journey from leoch and craigh na dun , and he looked like an autumn leaf , swirling joyfully wind - borne .
` ` and bits of oak leaf .
i sat , face burning , avoiding jamie 's eyes , as she carefully removed small twigs and bits of oak leaf from my curls , depositing them on the dresser next to those seined from her brother 's hair .
the snow was much lighter on the ground and the flurries diminished under the interlaced branches of the grove , thin lines of snow stark and sudden on the rocky leaf - strewn ground .
` ` now , it 's like ... like my own fortress has been blown up with gunpowder - there 's nothing left of it but ashes and a smoking rooftree , and the little nak*d thing that lived there once is out in the open , squeaking and whimpering in fear , tryin ' to hide itself under a blade of grass or a bit o ' leaf , but ... but not ... makin ' m - much of a job of it . ''
the bold colors of his dress tartan and white linen sark stood out bright against the faded autumn foliage ; face and hair , though , made him look like some denizen of the wood , all bronze and auburn , with the wind stirring his hair so the free ends danced like the scarlet maple leaves above .
jamie smiled at me , and brushed a fallen yellow leaf from my hair .
finished , she passed her hand lightly over his face and head , picked a dried leaf from his hair , then wiped his face with the damp cloth , surprising him .
the rain had moved off again , and the foliage dripped peacefully around us .
he leaned forward , arms folded across the tops of his knees , idly watching twigs and bits of leaf bobbing through the riffles of the stream .
he looked down at the large maple leaf he was shredding between thumb and forefinger , but i caught the faint twitch of his mouth .
` ` ye dinna want me now , '' he pointed out logically , eyes on the crumbled remains of his leaf .
to jamie 's jaundiced eye , they looked like the yellowed tops of carrots gone to seed and left too long in the ground , but claire fingered the mangy foliage , and nodded approval .
he breathed deep in relief , noticing now the other smells of home ; the faint rich scent of manure from the stable , of meat smoked and hanging in the shed , and the breath of the forest nearby - damp wood and leaf - rot , rock and rushing water , the touch of it cold and loving on his cheek .
she looked at the bits of leaf and stick again , and then at him , and the corners of her mouth trembled , as though she might laugh or cry , but was n't sure which .
a glossy scarlet leaf fell free and floated to the ground .
a stone crock of lard , a smaller one of the fine leaf lard , another of headcheese ...
one sleeve of his coat and the knee of his breeches were plastered with mud , and he rubbed at his chest , trying to dislodge bits of dry leaf that had got down the neck of his shirt .
i had dug the largest rocks and twigs out of the leaf mold , cut spruce branches , and spread our blankets over them by the time jamie finished his last round of the camp .
it was loamy soil and leaf mold here ; the digging was easy .
i dreamed of trees ; endless , monotonous forests of them , with each trunk and leaf and needle etched like scrimshaw on the inside of my eyelids , each one crystal - sharp , all just alike .
crawled off to die like a wounded beast - or making , perhaps , for some imagined haven , floundering blindly through frozen leaf mold and deepening snow , heading back , maybe , toward the chesapeake bay and some memory of open sky , of broad waters and happiness ?
my own gift from jamie had been the wooden ladle i was presently using , its handle carved with the image of a mint leaf ; i had given him a new shirt with a ruffle at the throat for ceremonial occasions , his old one having worn quite away at the seams .
now it was cold enough that his body yearned for the warmth of hers , and the scent that enclosed them was the spring smell of green leaves and running river , not the musty smell of leaf - litter and mudflats .
each word flickered briefly in his mind like a burning leaf , rising from a bonfire 's wind , and then disappeared away into ash before he could grasp it .
` ` there may come a day when you and i shall part again , '' he said softly , at last , and his fingers brushed my lips , light as the touch of a falling leaf .
and yet she stood out among the other women as though she had been outlined , drawn with black ink to stand out against the backdrop of stream and budding foliage .
bending to look closer , brianna could see that the thing that looked like a crumpled dried leaf was in fact a fragment of a tiny bat 's wing , the fragile leather dried to translucence , a bone slender as a needle curving through it like the central rib of a leaf .
bending to look closer , brianna could see that the thing that looked like a crumpled dried leaf was in fact a fragment of a tiny bat 's wing , the fragile leather dried to translucence , a bone slender as a needle curving through it like the central rib of a leaf .
i heard a shrill whinny of protest from one of the horses , and the rattle of foliage as he tugged at his halter .
the ground was lumpy , layers of leaf - mold punctuated by upthrusting rocks , studded with stumps and fallen branches .
` ` meat 's one thing , but milk and cheese would be- '' the muttering died away , as he turned from the stream , following a trail of broken foliage back into the wood .
there was a loud bang as his gun went off , and then a rush and a thud , and he was lying wrapped round a tree trunk , the breath knocked out of him , left with no more than a fleeting notion of a hairy dark bulk and a power that had sent him flying like a leaf .
i would have to debride the wound - clean away the dead tissue , the shreds of skin and bits of leaf and cloth and dirt ; the men had plastered his leg with mud and wrapped it with a filthy neckerchief .
he was industriously engaged in pulling down the remains of a dried gourd - vine that had grown up over the fence , crowing with delight as bits of crumbled leaf and the dried remains of frostbitten gourds showered over his flaming hair .
brianna gently deposited them on the mangled foliage and carried the plate to the counter where my microscope stood , as though the plate bore specks of gold dust , rather than maggots .
as roger leaned out to shout a polite refusal , the breeze off the harbor whipped away his hat , which whirled giddily out over the brownish waters and lighted on the foam , spinning like a leaf .
the foliage was wet ; his grip was slipping .
it was common to see or hear pigs in the wood nearby , rooting through the leaf - mold under oaks and poplars , or grunting blissfully over a trove of chestnut mast .
she hates shots , and shakes like a leaf when we come to the vet . ''
ahm not gon leaf befo i get wat i came for . ''
he flicked a small bug off a plant leaf .
jared watched me until i turned to wave at him from the inside of my screen door and then he disappeared behind the foliage .
his eyes were locked forward , missing the incredible summer foliage on each side of the highway .
she remembered how they 'd strolled through the lush green foliage of the washington rain forest .
she shrugged and fell silent , staring out the window as the buildings gave way to skeletal trees missing their summer foliage .
it was intermittently flat and moonlit , then choked with foliage .
the wind shifted outside and he felt the last leaf on his lifemark - the image of an ancient tree stamped into his flesh - sway over the skin on his chest .
he had one leaf left , only days until it fell and his soul shriveled , and for the first time in more than two centuries a female theronai had walked into their lives .
beneath his own shirt , thomas could feel the minuscule weight of the last leaf clinging to his lifemark .
it was a simple silver band etched with a single leaf .
his time was up as of five minutes ago when he felt the last leaf fall from his lifemark and his soul began to die .
the pale green color of new growth was beautiful , and the perfect shine of each tiny leaf was testimony to the miracle helen had given him .
every leaf on his tattoo quivered at the contact of skin on skin and drake sucked in a harsh breath .
instead , he watched as a leaf fell from his lifemark and landed in the ever - growing pile at the base of his tree .
one solitary leaf hung from the tree and it was shriveled and dry , barely clinging to the branch .
moments ago , another leaf had fallen from his lifemark , leaving one , and he still was n't sure whether she was the woman who could save him .
the limbs of his tattoo were highly detailed , mostly bare except for one single leaf , and she was pretty sure it was some kind of metaphor for life or some crap like that .
the last leaf on his lifemark swayed in time with the summer breeze outside .
the band was an invitation - only kind of group , but one of the brothers had recruited him in time to slow the falling of his last leaf .
the branches swayed in reaction to her touch , and the single leaf he had left shivered .
he fastened the luceria around his neck and felt the first leaf fall from his lifemark .
the leopard was peering out of that foliage , staring right at him from underneath the strap of her tank top .
the single leaf on his lifemark had withered more since yesterday .
he 'd checked his leaf earlier and it was shriveled and brown , barely clinging to his tree .
only the frigid black ring he wore kept the last leaf on his lifemark from completing its fall .
that leaf hung in stasis over his ribs , frozen midfall .
he was n't sure if that was going to slow down the rate at which his leaf was dying or not , but he knew that once it was gone , he could easily turn into the monster she thought he was .
the single leaf frozen midway down his torso felt dead under her hand .
he could feel his last leaf barely clinging to the branch .
it flickered to visibility , the silver leaf pattern that adorned the hilt and scabbard glowing in the yellow light of the candles still burning in the kitchen .
he could feel the last leaf of his lifemark clinging to his skin , hanging in the middle of its descent .
the black ring he wore on his right hand had slowed the leaf 's fall , allowing him to cling to the last sliver of his soul and pretend to be normal .
the cold , dead spot where the last leaf of his lifemark hung on his skin seemed to buzz in irritation .
once the last leaf fell , his soul would begin to die and he would go to his death - one way or another .
it kept madoc 's last leaf suspended on his skin , unable to completely fall .
the two had n't spent much time together , from what he could tell , and even if they had , the manifestation of signs of compatibility could very well be obscured , not only by the fact that his lifemark was bare , but also by whatever energy it was that kept that last leaf frozen in stasis .
he swiped the edge of the shirt over the cut , just to make sure that the blood was n't obscuring a leaf or two .
he felt the last leaf of his lifemark complete its fall , felt the last part of his soul 's light wink out , and then a calm sort of numbness descended upon him .
nothing could hold back the flow of time forever , and iain 's last leaf had long since fallen , but he 'd bought himself enough time to learn what he needed to do to hide his barren state .
cain was next , and iain hoped that the leaf tattoos he 'd given the other man - the ones that would help disguise his lifemark 's lack of leaves - were no longer red and swollen , thanks to their natural ability to heal fast .
tynan ran the tip of his finger over one leaf , concentrating on it .
on one hand was a wedding band , and on the other was the silver ring of the gerai - a smooth band with a single leaf etched into the metal .
she 'd trade every one of them in for one single leaf clinging to iain 's lifemark .
he felt another leaf inch down his chest .
levitating a leaf or something . ''
tossing up her hands , jess left the walkway and followed the path of trampled foliage .
shea leaned back in her chair and pried a leaf from charlotte 's hand before it made it to her mouth .
a shiver took over , and she realized that she was still astride brumley , nak*d and cold , shaking like a leaf .
the sprawling acreage to the front was always perfectly immaculate without so much as a leaf or blade of grass put of place , but behind the house , the woods were left wild .
a faerie could be convinced ( or bargained with ) to give a human a token of safe passage - usually something like a leaf or a flower .
awe quickly turned to chagrin when some of the neighbors recognized the ` ` angel '' as johannes 's son hans , covered in gold leaf and bellowing pronouncements in a vulgar mix of latin , german , and what appears to have been a nonsense language of hans 's own invention .
angelic enchantment appears in each leaf , each river stone , each dwelling .
whether it was vampires loitering outside nightclubs or fey peering from the foliage in the park , the city grabbed my imagination and ran with it .
` ` my half - brother , '' pennington whispers , and holy shit his breath stinks like the exact illegal foliage i had mentally accused him of smoking .
` ` done , '' she says , ducking behind some foliage .
in the darkness , gabby could hear the crickets calling from the foliage .
the foliage had thickened since she 'd last been out here , or at least it seemed that way .
the autumn foliage , still hanging on provided partial cover from the rain , and as he walked deeper into the woods , he felt the distance between them grow with each step he took .
they were lost in the foliage , and it took a few agonizing moments , but she found them again .
but as the night sky was illuminated , he saw it in the distance ... rectangular and wooden , overgrown with foliage .
they were angled around a focal point , and the trellis gleamed with light and colored foliage .
they were the first to discover the ruins of what was once a flourishing civilization , whose large cities included temples rising as high as 230 feet and silhouetted against the dense jungle foliage .
in the background , we could hear howler monkeys , but the foliage above us was so thick it was impossible to see them .
they wereitems that carly had collected : photos from their honeymoon , a four - leaf clover they 'd found while vacationing invancouver , the bouquet of peonies and calla lilies she 'd carried on her wedding day , ultrasound images of joshand kristen while each was still in her womb , along with the outfits that each had worn on the way home from thehospital .
the orange of a low sun gave every leaf and tree a golden , warm feel .
she 'd felt then - as she did now - as brittle as a winter leaf .
clover ... an ash leaf ? ''
if you put the ivy leaf in your pocket , the first man you meet shall be the man you marry and similarly with the clover ... though , that you put in your right shoe .
determining that her husband needed all the luck he could get , she stopped to pluck a twig from the birch and then an ash - key from the ash tree before spending several moments hunting until she found an even ash leaf .
` ` i did not intend to be so long , but i could not find a clover leaf .
and then , i had difficulty finding an even ash leaf , and once i did , i could not recall what you were to say as you picked it .
chapter seventeen ash - keys and ash leaves were both considered lucky , but the best ash leaf was an even one - which is how murie found herself up an ash tree when she first heard the sound of hoofbeats .
she took a moment to wonder if he 'd accomplished whatever chore he was on , then turned back to the branch where she 'd spotted the even leaf moments ago .
muttering under her breath , she began to examine each leaf of each branch again in search of the even leaf and had just found it when the sound of a charging horse drew her attention once more .
muttering under her breath , she began to examine each leaf of each branch again in search of the even leaf and had just found it when the sound of a charging horse drew her attention once more .
this time , unwilling to lose the leaf , murie tugged it free before glancing down .
reaching out she grabbed it , then squeezed her hand tight closed around it , crushing the leaf as her husband set to work in earnest .
through the foliage , he spotted the top of the chimney and he bent over , stepping carefully .
on the sloping , wooded bank that led to the river , the foliage took on a deep green vibrancy .
oak and holly , leaf and briar/ touch him with the secret fire ... what was she doing ?
like a dry leaf blowing across pavement .
sure , she was shaking like a leaf , but did she look that bad ?
another leaf in the table would have given them more room .
she tilted the candle to apply the flame to a leaf on his arm .
the leaf seemed to melt slightly in a crescent where the flame touched it .
cassie took the heart - shaped leaf , wrinkled like a mint leaf but a little bigger , and sniffed .
cassie took the heart - shaped leaf , wrinkled like a mint leaf but a little bigger , and sniffed .
cassie gingerly took the small , rounded leaf and nibbled at the end .
she said , picking up a dark green triangular leaf with a mealy white underside .
she 'd never known foliage could turn that color .
bud and blossom , leaf and tree , find him , bind him , now to me .
pleasure , pure and explosive shook kelly , leaving her trembling like a withered leaf in an icy blizzard when his tongue slipped between her lips .
it passes like a leaf blown by the window .
squirrels darted along the branches of hickory trees , chattering a warning , while shafts of fractured sunlight cut through the foliage , lending her surroundings a dreamlike quality .
jack paused and plucked a leaf off a tree , for no reason other than whimsy .
he tossed the leaf to the ground and with a snort of impatience , took off at a greater speed .
the area was heavy with trees , and the turrets and towers seemed to twinkle in and out of sight as he moved through the foliage .
i do n't look forward to it , but part of this new leaf that i ' ve turned over means that i will not throw a fit .
new mia has turned over a new leaf .
` ` power of leaf have i over thee .
the foliage was dense .
there was a low shout as landon marched through the foliage and back into camp .
she followed him into the jungle , the sun disappearing under the heavy foliage .
alea noticed he 'd cut back the foliage so she could move easily .
he leaned over and kissed her swiftly before they started back through the foliage .
she turned to look at angie , who suddenly felt as fragile as a winter leaf .
every time the phone rang , her heart shot to her throat and she started to tremble like an october leaf .
if she allowed herself a small consolation , his face appeared sun - browned to crispness beneath the brim of his hat ; his wide hands sported numerous fresh scratches from holly leaf spines .
monkey flowers thick with sticky foliage and trumpet - shaped flowers in a colorful profusion bookended the house 's sides leading to the front path .
sticking up at least ten feet from the tonneau poked the tallest christmas tree isabel had ever seen , a fir with dense and fluffy foliage .
at the moment the house was throbbing with noise , but ordinarily it was so quiet in the country you could hear a leaf rustle a hundred yards away .
what 's next , fanning her with a palm tree leaf , wearing a speedo ? ''
one leaf had a sharp edge as it drifted across her body .
she tried to dodge the leaf , but it was gone , replaced by a glide of heat , then a sudden well of desire between her legs .
another sharp leaf pinched at the other nipple .
another leaf drifted over her left breast , smooth , silky , gently rousing .
it was quickly followed by a sharp leaf that curled around her nipple and bit .
she arched , seeking more , as another leaf drifted down her abdomen and brushed over the top of her mound .
another leaf clamped down on one nipple , this time harder than before .
like a leaf in the wind , she swayed , arched , but the pleasure kept bowling her over as the men suckled her n**ples .
slowly , decker opened the closet door , ducking out from under the coats and setting the table leaf back in place .
she did and was dazzled by the night sky , complete with stars , peeking through the foliage .
personally roarke did n't mind the constant light rain , which created such beautiful and werewolf - concealing foliage and washed away incriminating wolf tracks .
but his legs were concealed behind some foliage , so she still did n't have the complete man preserved for later viewing .
then he moved away from the foliage and she snapped another shot of his muscled thighs and strong calves .
then he turned , but he 'd shifted his position so that a fern became a very effective fig leaf .
as he plucked a leaf from his pubic hair , he was forced to acknowledge that his interest in hav**g s*x with abby was already evident .
she had seen deer over the years , but they were used to sensing predators nearby and the foliage was lush and plentiful enough to keep them hanging around , werewolves or no werewolves .
so now she 'd said yes to him , and she was shaking like a leaf , both from nerves and lust .
you 're shaking like a leaf and you 're bleeding again . ''
shaking like a leaf , i turn my wide eyes to my protector and see something familiar in his hands .
she picked up her camera again and began taking pictures : a pair of ants on a green leaf , a flawless , pearlescent magnolia blossom , the copper column that had always been center stage in this garden , with its blue - green patina- nina lowered the camera .
she is shaking like a leaf and trying not to cry as she stares across the kitchen at her mother .
vasily said something , his voice crackled like a dried leaf .
the car in question is one of those tiny little toyota cars , and it 's covered in what appears to be an artistic rendering of a latte with that signature leaf pattern that baristas use to mark their specialty drinks .
the next twenty minutes go by in a blur as i sit on the couch and process email , chuckles eats a ficus leaf and then hairballs it up , and amy and amanda ignore us while strategizing .
palm trees clustered along the empty shoreline , creating a thick wall of foliage just beyond the white sandy beaches .
early on , enrique had cleared away foliage for security purposes .
pouring the water over a tea leaf infuser , he glanced back at her .
cameras moved ever so slightly , almost hidden in the foliage .
the house was nestled amid huge , majestic trees - probably oaks and maples that were doubtless even more majestic when they were n't stripped of foliage by the winter chill .
soon the trees would be stripped bare of their bright fall foliage , and winter 's chill would be nipping at her nose .
she 'd gone to bed with him like a fall leaf hitting the ground at the first breeze .
the suite was fronted by a sitting room , and the bedroom itself boasted a large four - poster bed , red - and - white wallpaper , and gold leaf detail on the molded ceiling .
the hills were lush with foliage , and the fields were abundant with crops .
her nerves were n't showing at all though she was shaking like a fall leaf on the inside .
even knowing she was a bit of a fool to wander off into the foliage alone , lia did n't care .
inside , she was shaking like a leaf in a fall breeze .