but he was going to turn over a new leaf .
well , she was going to take a leaf out of his book and see if she could find a weakness in his firewall .
i am going to take a leaf out of your book , and i ' m not jumping into bed with another man until there is a ring on my finger - preferably a wedding ring .
` ` you promised me you 'd turn over a new leaf this year , and here it is , the end of march , and you ' ve gotten more out of control ! ''
` ` perhaps i ' ve decided to turn over a new leaf . ''
in the first leaf was an eleven - by - fourteen picture of a five - story castle of worn yellow stone .
but taking a leaf from his repertoire , she specified a reward in return .
` ` maybe he 's turning over a new leaf . ''
she was turning over a new leaf , and after riding a motorcycle , surely eating a hot dog outside would be tame in comparison .
one of those mini leaf brooms ?
besides , '' she continues as i stifle a grin , ` ` maybe i ' m turning over a new leaf .
he 'd seemed to have turned over a new leaf since shay , but was it possible that was all an act ?
he took a leaf from her book , though , and parked his maserati behind her car .
turning over a new leaf and blah , blah . ''
` ` no , no , no ... '' i pried the locket open the rest of the way to find four tiny pictures inside , with an inner leaf for two of them .
i ' m turning over a new leaf . ''
i borrowed a leaf from bill 's book .
i felt a little guilty that he 'd given it up to be with me , but he was excited about starting a martial arts school and turning over a new leaf .
and it seemed in some ways , gracie was taking a leaf out of the riley walker book of confrontation .
so , he 'd taken a leaf out of my book .
` ` that 's right , emily , and you could take a leaf out of your own book , could n't you ? ''
` ` you ' ve clearly had to rearrange the story every time we turned over a new leaf , right - reformat them to make them fit ? ''
i do n't tell him that i wrote ` ` i love you '' a thousand times or that he was my everything or that he saved every leaf i 'd ever given him in a box beside his bed - that i did the same with the ones he gave me .
i take the leaf and turn it over .
i do n't even hesitate reaching into my jacket and pulling out the leaf .
so maybe i was turning over a new leaf .
` ` i ' m still going to hell for lying to everyone , and i doubt jake will be there , considering he 's fully turned over a new nauseating leaf . ''
everything about jaymeson screamed sex , and considering i was turning over a new leaf and trying really hard not to think about him - i had to escape .
` ` you 're lucky i turned over a new leaf . ''
then i crumpled up the leaf , breathing out in frustration .
next , i ran to the lake , and , placing the folded leaf between my teeth , swam toward mona 's house .
i climbed onto the veranda and placed the folded leaf between the gap beneath her front door .
chapter 28 : mona i frowned at the folded leaf wedged beneath my door .
i was about to drop the leaf straight into the water , but curiosity overcame me when i unfolded it and saw that it contained a handwritten note .
i threw the leaf aside and leaned my back against the wall .
i take a leaf from clark 's book and tell myself , ' it is what it is ' .
` ` new leaf , '' he muttered .
so much for that bitch turning over a new leaf .
talk about turning over a new leaf .
and there had been some kind of embossing and maybe some gold leaf , but most of that was worn smooth and worn off .
and fuck the gold leaf - there was a glimmer to the thing , but it was not from any precious metal .
the logic was so sound , it was fundamental , and nothing different than , say , going to a casino that had a six - million - square - foot facility , enough catered food for a small country , and goddamned gold leaf everywhere - and being surprised that you lost all your money .
but did n't you hear that i ' ve turned over a new leaf ?
` ` turning over a new leaf ? ''
some new leaf he 's turning over ... ` ` the spartans have n't lost yet , '' she grumbled .
a leaf is missing .
so i took the leaf and pressed it into the candle , still careful not to touch the wax with my bare fingers .
i held out the leaf again , and he finally , reluctantly , took it .
` ` i told him to save the leaf for himself .
it seemed like my mother was turning a new leaf with her luck .
` ` yeah , i ' ve turned over a new leaf .
verity knew that she owed it to herself to take a leaf out of caitlin 's book .
it was time she took a leaf out of his book !
she pointed to a picture , a colored illustration , protected by a leaf of thin paper .
could anything be more sensual than watching a lovely young woman leaf through page after page of his erotic pictures ?
` ` you 'll find work gloves , duct tape , and leaf and lawn bags . ''
` ` i say , charles , you ' ve truly turned over a new leaf since you started shagging this one , have n't you ? ''
jason , who had not exactly welcomed bill into our little family circle , had turned over a whole new leaf .
it might be time to take a leaf from amelia 's book and look forward .
but now she had this letter to deal with , and turning it over to the cops would in effect turn over a new leaf for her fresh start .
` ` i really am trying to turn over a new leaf .
she knew she had excellent instincts - she could n't have been opus 's best agent without them - and her instincts told her that adrian had indeed turned over a new leaf , and that it was due in large part to iris daugherty 's entry into his life .
` ` plus i ' m turning over a new leaf , '' she says .
i decided to take a leaf out of sebastian 's book and get out of there .
learning from his mistake however he took a leaf out of david 's book and waited for his chance , and got his opening .
perhaps i should take a leaf out of yours and victor 's book and take her as my consort as well as having her in my army . ''
she held up a small blue jar and a leaf .
i took the leaf from her and looked down at my friend .
taking a leaf from his impressive repertoire , i lean forward and kiss him , pouring clear cool water into his mouth .
he grinned as he touched up a leaf on today 's still - life project : replicating the potted fern that lived on addison 's desk .
seen against the darkness of the water and the impossible deep blue of the vast october sky , the whole of it gave him the dreamlike feeling of riding through a medieval painting , glowing with gold leaf and burning with a sense of otherworldly fervor .
` ` i ' ve turned over a new leaf . ''
` ` a new leaf , huh ? ''
you should take a leaf out of caroline 's book , darling .
she began doodling on her loose leaf paper and smiled .
i ' m turning over a new leaf .
chapter eight new leaf ` ` evening , beautiful , '' cam said sweetly as olivia opened the door .
i ca n't run from things that scare me for the rest of my life so i may as well turn over a new leaf . ''
it seemed as though simon had turned over a new leaf and the least she could do was hear him out .
are you turning over a new leaf ?
he was found lying dead in the garden of the house one day , and by his side was his pocket - book , on one leaf of which , it was the impression of the family , he had endeavoured to write something previous to his decease , for he held a pencil firmly in his grasp .
there were some words written on the leaf of his pocket book , but they were of by far too indistinct and ambiguous a nature to lead to anything .
is this where we turn over a new leaf and start doing good things ?
well take a leaf out of franks book , said chase and they all shook hands .
or perhaps i should stop moaning , take a leaf out of his book and look into changing my surname to vrg or something ?
she ripped the leaf of paper from the pad , wadded it up into a little ball and tossed it into the trash can .
he pulled the top leaf off and handed her the thin , flimsy , pale yellow piece of paper .
he drank the last dribble of whisky and stared once more at the ominous line at the bottom of the page before he dog - eared the leaf , closed the book and stood up from his seat .
i know you are here every so often , he would stop on a page , when flashes of familiar words caught his eye , then he d turn the leaf over again .
the sunlight made the metal leaf by - lines on the bindings of every book in the room shimmer ; the effect was almost mesmerizing .
it was one leaf to each meat - bit and the whole was taken into the mouth .
she walked over to him and pinned the oak leaf to his grey cloak , just over his heart .
i scowled at the beautiful little silver leaf and said , not without a certain amount of grudging admiration , ` ` titania .
` ` no , '' i said with more certainty , closing my hand around the treacherous silver leaf .
he was a tiny withered leaf of a creature with prominent wrinkled ears pulled forward by his heavy hornrimmed glasses .
that leaf was what i needed .
it stunned him , right and proper , and while he was open in such fashion , i took a leaf from his own book and hypnotized him .
all she has to do is make sure someone knows to look for the spell on the oak leaf . ''
` ` so binder could have been following the oak leaf ? ''
no , not a leaf but a scrap of paper .
` ` i ought never have left them with the baggage ; those porters took it away , and i have not had a leaf all day .
clay knelt and scratched at a bit of the gold leaf .
` ` i ca n't get out right now , '' the dealer said , holding up a broad wet leaf .
he handed the leaf to seth .
she turned back to her new sketchbook - one of jasnah 's notebooks that did n't have many pages filled - then began a quick sketch of the small leaf .
she finished the leaf , then turned the page and began a sketch of bluth .
` ` re ... leaf ... ed ... '' balat burst into laughter - loud enough that their father glared at them .
after carefully turning one more crisp , browned page , i found an entire leaf devoted to them : the instruments of sekhmet : her scepter .
i had n't taken my morning pee yet and i was desperate for a bit of cover and a leaf .
` ` everyone gets ... uh ... a leaf .
he looked half a leaf , as if the first strong wind would carry him off to his grave .
that requires stealing a leaf from my brother 's book .
from far away leaf looked almost a girl , no older than bran or one of his sisters , but close at hand she seemed far older .
` ` here , '' he says , pointing to what looks like a paper leaf sticking out of the ball of paper .
i pull out the largest book and leaf through it , trying to make sense of what i see .
one single leaf , two covers conceal , the keys that bring life , to you reveal .
the sovereign recited , one single leaf , two covers conceal , the keys that bring life , to you reveal .
the single leaf , ill bet that s the blank page .
as i fell , i quickly pulled the rolled leaf from my waist and tossed it into the still - boiling soup .
whilst speaking , she pulled out the leaf and placed it on the counter .
she neatly places two sheets of loose leaf paper on the desk .
i replied confused , pushing my things around inside of my book bag and reaching deeper beyond the books and loose leaf paper .
its over on the counter , ryder gestured with his chin and i dutifully walked over to get the small stack of loose leaf music .
read the inscription , i instructed , pointing to the note i had written on the fly leaf of the book .
she pressed the leaf between my lips .
i got you something else , he said and handed me a leaf .
lost in my heartache i do not realise someone is outside , i do not hear the scrape against wood as a leaf of paper passes under the door , i do not hear the gentle footsteps on the drive of the retreating visitor .
he quickly whipped the topmost leaf from a post - it pad on bolts desk and , taking up a pencil , drew a crude map of the waterways which twisted and turned between the apetina mine and whatever was marked by the red spot .
one file marched to the left , the other , each member carrying a sheet of leaf more than twice its size , to the right .
and in that moment one book gleamed in the early sun , as its leather cover was richly illuminated in gold leaf .
bobs apparent lack of involvement was down to the fact that he d been concentrating on the word logical ; ironically , taking a leaf out of jasons book in order to tackle what he considered were the key words .
signed only by rita , there was a letter from her written on the inside leaf .
we shall - claytons suggestion this - take a leaf out of the iras book , play them at their own game , and operate with very small , self - contained units , who will be unknown to one another .
the decade old hardback was at least three inches thick and had embossed in gold leaf down its spine the history of old london .
are you turning over a new leaf ? ''
she checked the next leaf .
the rest of the herd here should take a leaf out of your book . ` `
at least he had the fig leaf of a civilian regime before this .
as well as an eight foot high metal fence topped with spear points , mcteague had also taken a leaf out of the police 's crime prevention booklets which sometimes come through the door and planted a barrier of prickly shrubs behind the fence .
inside them , handwritten on the first leaf , was : to jay ( norrah on her copy ) , may the word of god live within you for eternity .
what would i have to change in my life to accommodate my wishes of turning over a new leaf ?
he gave me the black leather bible with some ceremony , having dusted it off and inscribed the first leaf of the book : for my dear son aaron .
the crowd erupts into whispers ; the minister turns another leaf in his program .
he looked at the next leaf of fax paper .
harley shakes her head as she stares at the cover of the book and runs her fingers over the leaf .
my desk , with its paraphernalia of loose - leaf files , and various linked and unlinked laptops was the tidiest thing about me .
he sometimes bought the loose leaf and rolled his own , but he did not feel that patient .
addressing rhyllann he said : take a leaf out your cousins book .
i ve turned over a new leaf .
but until that time , he intended turn over a new leaf and try and live a life filled with love instead of hate .
i guess i have turned over a new leaf .
it is set between the back leaf and cover of my diary , inserted into this space which is glued closed .
it was a fig leaf of normalcy in a world of craziness .
chapter 12 a new leaf everything in the room stirred up and blended .
crash out for a few hours , get myself sorted , have a shower , turn over a new leaf .
while she adjusted the leaf in her hand to make sure she had n't accidentally left her fingerprints on the note , she glanced up in the direction of the reflecting pool , and that 's when she saw him .
quickly , she slipped the note in her pocket , without thinking , and the leaf fled the scene .
gustav has taken a leaf out of your book .
it was dark wood , inscribed with tongues of fire that were picked out in gold leaf .
no sooner had the changed man turn a new leaf did he revert back to his well - worn system defaults .
maybe it was the right time to turn over a new leaf , better late than never , or so they say .
it did look as though he had turned over some kind of new leaf , but she hoped she was n't the purpose of it all .
henry then lifted up the single , brownish top leaf with cursive latin script on it .
a buyer who was to offer 8,500 for a single leaf would secure a viewing , say within a week ?
on the lower of its two shelves were a neat row of bound volumes , like ledgers , and instantly , on one , green , i recognised a wolfs head , embossed in gold - leaf .
the pope started scribbling an address on a piece of loose leaf paper .
patty may have turned over a new leaf , but sasha could guarantee they would be flying first - class and staying at the islands top hotel .
just wanted to take a leaf out of this fellow nero wolfe 's book .
at a word from the madame , trembling leaf bowed low and scurried out of the room .
he lifted his tumbler and , obediently , trembling leaf filled it from a fresh flagon .
` ` turned over a whole new leaf . ''
it seemed blank ; the top leaf had been ripped off .
for a time , he did nothing more than leaf through the photos again .
a major gets a little gold - colored oak leaf on the epaulette , one inch across , one on each side .
then he took out the leaf of lettuce from his jacket pocket and opened it .
she now lived in a trailer park outside hattiesburg , but at the time of her son 's disappearance she lived , with him , in a trailer park outside lucedale , a small town thirty miles from leaf .
he grasped the gold leaf by the edge , lightly gripping it between his index finger and thumb .
the candle with the gold leaf still wrapped around it lay within a stainless - steel container on the rear seat .
each letter was maybe two inches high and was inlaid with gold leaf .
in fact , he had not quite been able to open any drawer , cabinet , or closet in his house , which had denied him the capacity to make a cup of tea , change his clothes , prepare lunch , or do anything but leaf half heartedly through books and watch television .
ai n't it just the flat - out balls to be turning a new leaf , shedding yourself of soiled secrets , ready to renew your vows to your loved ones and become the man you always knew you could be ?
` ` no , '' eshe growled , and taking a leaf from his book , snapped the phone closed without saying good - bye .
then she dashed over to the final desk and pushed the lever toward the ` ` tea leaf encryption '' skill set .
my heart suddenly seemed lighter , and i decided that , demon central or not , thorne abbey was as good a place as any to turn over a new leaf , and clean the slate , and al those other cliches about starting over .
he set his leaf aside .
maybe that gown was the reason for all the fembot stuff that had shown up after the mating ceremony : fritz and the doggen may have assumed she 'd turned over a new leaf .
as he entered the training center through the back of the office , he decided that if blay could turn over a new leaf , so could he .
` ` so you ' ve turned over a new leaf . ''
he and the cop had done rounds on this psychiatric floor of v 's too many times , and although he was turning over a new leaf ... you never knew .
long ago she 'd given her life for damon as well as for stefan , and damon had not exactly turned over a new leaf as she 'd requested .
` ` she 's accepted her lot , '' he told the others as he handed mari a broad leaf covered in flaking fish .
the inks were red and purple and deep royal blue , with details in gold leaf .
it 's old , but the pages are intact , the gold leaf glowing .
he crossed to his desk and picked up a leaf from an old notebook , the edges ripped and curling .
still , in secret , he read each leaf before burning it , recording many of her words , even pictures she had drawn , in a thick leather journal that he used for the household accounts .
holding the leaf near the fire 's flames , he read the words that marched across its surface in uneven lines .
large rectangles had been cut within the walls , each with its own glyph etched in gold leaf and a name .
maybe taking her out on jobs will be a good indicator of whether she 's turned over a new leaf like she 's claimed . ''
` ` i ' m turning over a new leaf . ''
' here , ' it said , dropping a leaf of paper to the ground .
tucking the leaf into the back of the book , i turned to the first page .
i tucked the leaf into the pages as a bookmark and set it on the table .
i opened the book as evan emerged from the bathroom , setting the oak leaf on the pillow next to me .
he handed me the leaf , taking the book from me .
i flipped the leaf over on his chest .
when i opened my eyes , the book was gone , and evan had carefully removed the leaf from my hand .
` ` he 's turned over a new leaf ? ''
i put the leaf back on the table .
long way from home , plane ticket and a guitar twenty dollars , four leaf clover and the courage of youth met you rum - drunk and said i was a rock star you kissed me , made me coffee and said your name was ruth .
yeah , she was going to take a leaf out of dear old dad 's book and play the game his way .
i was n't serious about this diet and exercise stuff before , but i ' m turning over a new leaf .
you were the one who was , like , turning over a new leaf or something . ''
` ` thieves were tearing the gold leaf from the sides , and one of the doormen moved it to the stables . ''
naomi and i have been getting along , and at first i thought it seemed suspicious , but then i figured she 'd turned over a new leaf .
a breeze kicked up , making the flag on the porch of an old victorian house flap and a jack - o'-lantern - shaped leaf bag on its front lawn flutter .
the rest of the closet has been converted into my own little workshop , stocked with all the things i need for my kit : bottles of dye , sheets of gold leaf and coils of copper , tins of crushed carmine , and jars of pickled berries .
` ` well , i ' m trying to turn over a new leaf .
i ' ve turned over a new leaf .
i run my fingers through my hair and come away with a leaf in my hand .
` ` it 's over on the counter , '' ryder gestured with his chin and i dutifully walked over to get the small stack of loose leaf music .
i could live the rest of my life alone because i was too afraid to take a chance , or i could borrow a leaf from sam 's book and just hang it all out there .
` ` so , are you turning over a new leaf or something ? ''
we 're like , turning over a new leaf or whatever .
yeah , i ' m totally turning over a new leaf or something .
it looks like you 're turning over a new leaf .
i did n't care about gold leaf .
despite the dimness , he could read the title embossed in gold leaf : the collected reflections of hanaver mills .
you are famously successful and came here to turn over a new leaf , but the rogue knight took all your money , so you need an enormous loan to tide you over .
i did n't turn over a new leaf and infiltrate the teflon crew just to let other people roll over me .
gansey stretched to get a mint leaf from his pocket .
she flipped through the gold leaf pages of the book , then frowned at the page and blinked .
a single word adorned the center on the front , applied with gold leaf in the broad strokes of a childs handwriting .
then , they told everyone it was gold leaf and the whole town has been ignoring it for over a hundred and fifty years .
he flipped the cellophane leaf and saw a picture of a much younger sidney .
` ` sammie , '' he decided then flipped the leaf over .
he flipped the leaf again and examined the roadside assistance club card that was embossed with the name ' steven southington ' .
she had found a large supply of loose leaf paper and several ball point pens in the kitchen drawer .
` ` nope , i ' m turning over a new leaf .
the leaf made about twenty copies of itself , which filled the bottom of his bed .
i assured him that in my last hours i would do all these things as i had a spiritual awakening in my last hours and my soul wanted to repent for all my piracy so i had turned over a new leaf in order to reach heavens gates and would honor my promise .
take a leaf out of justins book .
the two waved their hands slowly over the magicians , uttering their magical words while demetrius folded another leaf .
he examined it with care as she watched him , delighted as he tried but failed on the fourth leaf .
matthew wrote fat george behind the fat boys name on the opposite page of the leaf and did this for rupert as well .
well have to write over our names on the first page , though , he sadly announced with regret , flipping the leaf back and forth .
hanging from the trees were the students and staff of long leaf elementary .
for a split second i thought they were going to ignore long leaf , but the lead truck came to a screeching stop .
there were no plantation workers anywhere to be seen here , but every tea leaf was a tiny jewel on each plant .
karl dug into his pocket and came out with half a sheet of loose leaf paper .
when he uttered these words a strong wind blew from the deep corridors of the hall and their force began to turn each leaf of the immense , stone volume , one slowly following another .
on each page the king could see events unfolding which appeared as real as anything he had ever laid eyes upon in this world , and they passed away with the turning of each stony leaf .
then , to his utter amazement , the page turned and david saw himself , as large as life , upon the next leaf of the book !
how i ve given up my wicked ways and turned over a new leaf ?
she straightened up the queens dresser , putting necklaces back into boxes and rearranging a whimsical collection of objectsa golden leaf , a black feather , a small wooden knife .
' you just need to show them that you have turned a new leaf .
taking a leaf out of niccolos book i placed my paw on his shoulder .
gods did nt turn over a new leaf .
he picked it up , studying the intricate artwork framing each page , running his finger across the raised gold leaf and heavy artwork .
tonight , sitting all alone in the room of that guest house , a stranger in this new city , his pining for her was stronger than it has been in recent times , and so to console himself , he took out a folded leaf of paper that was hidden away in one of his books , and began to read to himself , the poem he had composed for her , during the time when this universe had not yet broken the promise of love it had made to him .
he held a piece of loose leaf paper in sams direction .
i brought a leaf back with me .
the gold for the saddle , however , was actual gold leaf in sheets as thin as a human hair .
one leaf he found beneath the writing - desk in a large bedchamber , in a lady 's hand , an excerpt of a cheerful and ordinary letter home , full of news of her small children and curious stories of the foreign city , broken off mid - page and never finished ; he put it down again , sorry to have intruded .
` ` eric has turned over a new leaf .
` ` but it would be a great help if you 'd slide the leaf into the dining room table .
` ` you had better apply to churki , for an answer which might have some authority behind it ; it may be gold leaf only , '' laurence said , doubtful himself : certainly the frieze looked golden , but it seemed implausible .
there was also a kettle and bags of tea , which i assumed were for tea leaf reading .
' why 's he got a leaf there ? '
on the spine was blocked , in shiny gold leaf , the one word : mort .
there was also a helmet , defiantly without plumes , from which the molecule - thick gold leaf had long ago peeled .
` ` i thought you were turning over a new leaf . ''
so much for turning over a new leaf .
seb had been there with me while i tried to get over jenn , when i started to turn over a new leaf .
peeta draws a new map on a leaf , adding a jj for jabberjays in the four - to - five - o'clock section and simply writing beast in the one where we saw the tribute collected in pieces .
what 's more , if you turn over a new leaf , and keep it turned , i 'll cook you some taters one of these days , i will : fried fish and chips served by s. gamgee .
but at the end o ' last year he began sending away loads of stuff , not only leaf .
like the rebel had found god and turned over a new leaf .
i knew the style of the columns , the carved acanthus leaf capitals .
as if i gave a flying minoan fig leaf about pleasing him .
just as she was becoming accustomed to the strangeness of the beings about her , she was shocked by the sight of a woman standing next to her wearing little more than a fig leaf over her private parts .
so i ve decided to take a leaf out of carlottas book and disappear for a while .
kali took out her betel leaf and tossed it aside .
queen janahara slumped onto a velvet divan and distractedly took a rolled betel leaf from the silver tray offered by a hovering eunuch .
nadir sharif accepted a betel leaf from the tray , a gesture , and absently rolled it between his thumb and finger .
the queen did not smile as she took a rolled betel leaf from a tray .
regardless of how it happened , without question you have not only turned a new leaf , you ' ve opened a whole new book .
as if on cue , taking a leaf out of colemans book , brother bryan stood on one of the rowing benches , and facing the skye boats , holding a small crucifix high in one hand , bellowed hear ye , hear ye , thou men of criminal intent .
brother marcus relied quietly there is nothing of value in our modest monastery but when i was in bangor i saw some monks used valuable gold leaf to illustrate the more important codex .
you 'd better look at the razor , she said , fumbling in her pouch for the splayed leaf of metal .
i inscribed this leaf shortly before i deposited the plates in the hill above you .
nicholas has asked me to confirm that he has turned over a new leaf .
he tapped his pen in the well and at the top of the first leaf wrote , dear diary .
susan stole a leaf from nelson 's book and took to hiding in a corner with sweating , shaking palms covering her eyes .
take a leaf out of whatever book those zombies read , '' i said .
his eyes found the floor around the base of the chair and his advantage disappeared like a leaf of paper in high winds .
from tomorrow on , then , he must turn over a new leaf .
villiers whirled over the remaining pages ; he had seen enough , but the picture on the last leaf caught his eye , as he almost closed the book .
the fragments [ amongst the papers of the well - known physician , dr . robert matheson , of ashley street , piccadilly , who died suddenly , of apoplectic seizure , at the beginning of 1892 , a leaf of manuscript paper was found , covered with pencil jottings .
the man with the smoke - stained beard was working on both a new cigar and a new beer as he stared down at the loose leaf paper now strewn across the bar in front of him .
the point is , i think eddie saw getting it as a new leaf he was supposed to turn over .
larry was about to put it back in when he saw there was a book down in the hole , its front now lightly powdered with rockdust , not enough to obscure the single word stamped there in gold leaf : ledger .
had they ever really considered the idea that the guy might just be trying to turn over a new leaf , that he might be going at it a little strangely just because he had never tried to do such a thing before ?
the title , stamped in gold leaf on the cover , was an introduction to the colorado code of criminal justice .
written above them in gold leaf which had flaked a bit but which was still perfectly readable for a ' that an ' a ' that , were the words territories ballroom .
i though i was going to take a leaf out of reeses book and vomit .
she cautiously reached in and took it in both hands , clutching it gingerly as she read the inscription , the only one in english on the case , emblazoned with gold leaf lettering .
the paper looked so thick and shiny that it really appeared to be made of solid gold leaf .
the sheet he pulled out also looked like gold leaf .
on the fly leaf , written in beautiful copper plate , was a loving dedication .
apparently this walk - about was going to make her rich and she was n't giving up a single leaf of her trove to make my day any lighter .
shoving the blanket to the side he was totally disappointed to see that the gleaming was just the gold leaf trim on a small red book .
i do n't deny that we all want to turn over a new leaf from time to time .
i can only hope you will be influenced by my magnanimity and good manners and resolve to turn over a new leaf yourself .
but you ve turned over a new leaf now , have nt you , honey ?
tomorrow were turning over a new leaf .
there was nothing , not even that twin folded banana leaf .
at present , we had been blessed with three more one of which was called spiritual mist , complete with an advertised tea leaf reader named kashmir .
there were a variety of books on tasseography , which i assumed to be the art of tea leaf reading either that or how to properly wear tassels while dancing at the naked - a - go - go .
he did seem to have turned over the proverbial new leaf .
of course there would be a large amount of gold leaf on the painting as the queen had specified .
i also received proposals from green leaf books ( us ) , black leaf publishers , artemis publishers ( uk ) and terra nova editores ( puerto rico ) .
i also received proposals from green leaf books ( us ) , black leaf publishers , artemis publishers ( uk ) and terra nova editores ( puerto rico ) .
the directions are written out in pencil across a sheet of loose leaf note paper balled up in the left pocket of cindys amazingly tight jeans .
clamor latches onto becky and passes her a scrap of loose leaf paper with a phone number scrawled on it .
she placed the stack of paper into her paper tray and fed a leaf through under her machines roller , securing the paper tightly , testing a few strokes to make sure the paper fed through evenly .
each leaf was printed with feint horizontal lines .
the cover was inscribed in gold leaf with the title the book of what is to be found .
the cover was inscribed in gold leaf with the title the book of what has never been written .
a single leaf of paper fell out , startling her .
it was held together by a string hundreds of sheets of lined loose leaf , filled with words handwritten in pencil by my father .
i pick up the stack of papers and leaf through them , but i m not really sure what i m looking at .
lucky thought how much more pressure he would have been under as an administrator back home and he hoped that he could take a leaf out of the local staffs book .
folding the article , mayah slips it back into the album leaf , and turns to the next one .
she glanced at picture carefully , flicking through each leaf containing the black and white photos .
the brass leaf , small though it was , was detailed with veins .
well , his stars be praised , his book of fortune seems to have turned a new leaf .
) , he reached for a pencil and tore out a leaf from his sketch pad .
he crossed his effort out and reached for another leaf : the way you see things/ in your mind leaves others cold/ and critics blind blind critics ?
it was an original , an unframed canvas but so professionally prepared , the cotton - duck expertly stretched and sized , that it had no need of gold leaf scrolls or other embellishments about its border ; a painting of such size , five feet square , looked better without a frame , clean and simple and precise .
his mood always sombre even when lit by the sheen of gold leaf and the sparkle of gemstones .
` ` i think it 's both , '' bennett said , holding up the leaf again .
he had in fact taken a leaf out of alan harpers book and organised himself out of a bad situation while retaining the best bits .
when the paper came he glanced at its first page , and then tore a leaf out of his memorandum book and began to write on it with the little gold pencil .
when she glanced back to the leaf , she gasped as a hand shot from a garbage pile near the corner of the building .
i ve turned over a new leaf on numerous fronts .
the folder and loose leaf paper that had given him so much trouble previously had been replaced with a small hardcover book and a large index card ( neither of which seemed to be inclined to slide off the pulpit and scatter around the room ) .
he slid two fingers into the breast pocket of his shirt , pulled out a sheet of loose leaf , and unfolded it .
though this woman looked like she actually enjoyed food and took in more than a lettuce leaf every three weeks .
was she thinking he 'd turned over a new leaf when he 'd just decided to buy a cheaper model ?
it 's basically a piece of loose leaf with a typewriter font plastered across the blue lines .
i begin to see why my young friend has turned over a new leaf . ''
i suggest you start taking a leaf out of his book and own this f**king town once and for all . ''
` ` see , i was working on turning over a new leaf even before we slept together . ''
maybe the woman was trying to turn over a new leaf .
it was as if he had turned over a new leaf , or metamorphosed in a span of one day .
their hope is that my birthday wish will be a different one this year , that i ve turned over a new leaf .
his easy dismissal of their earlier argument brought a flush of heat to her cheeks , but she was determined to take a leaf from his book .
the single gold leaf had an extra sparkly , glittery , shimmering thing going on .
the lush oriental quatrains were illustrated with pictures in gold leaf of dark - bearded sensual men in turbans lying next to graceful women .
morgan shrugged , smiled and turned over a new leaf .
instead i m going to take a leaf out of lee porters book ...
she looked down , expecting him to hand her a lantern or a candle in case she desired more light , but instead he held out a small leaf .
because starting tonight , he was turning over a new leaf .
a few steps down the hall , ryan and laura came to a set of double doors , and opening one leaf , entered into what clearly was their bedroom , complete with king sized bed , an assortment of chests and dressers , night stands , dressing table , and several easy chairs as well as a desk and settee .
taking a leaf out of blanches book , suzie drove like an angel , a very fast one , but she was still a good half an hour late , which meant that instead of the kids running out of the school gates as she drew up outside the building , she had to park the car , trail into the building and retrieve them from the after - school study club herself and , as bad luck would have it , she ran slap bang into frightful mrs frinton .
said larrie , obediently pulling a large and very crumpled lettuce leaf out of her pocket and putting it back on her plate .
i m kind of turning over a new leaf .
she 'd turned a new leaf and things would be a lot different from now on .
but it seems like whatever he was involved in he wants to turn over a new leaf .
i ve turned over a new leaf and you should do the same .
and i ' m going to take a leaf out of your book and delegate more - hire a junior to assist me .
i ' m turning over a new leaf and i ' m making good choices .
` ` i ' ve turned over a new leaf , '' he told her .
` ` i ' m sure you wo n't , '' barbie said , taking a vogue magazine from the rack and leaf ing through it .
` ` i ' ve turned over a new leaf in the last year , '' beth ann said .
a judicious sash or fig leaf would solve the problem , but her artist 's heart damned her for a coward .
madeline dropped the leaf she 'd been folding like sloppy origami .
the middle shelf was given over to more light - minded reading : a small selection of romances , slightly ragged with much reading , featuring robinson crusoe ; tom jones , in a set of seven small , leather - covered volumes ; roderick random , in four volumes ; and sir henry richardson 's monstrous pamela , done in two gigantic octavo bindings - the first of these decorated with multiple bookmarks , ranging from a ragged dried maple leaf to a folded penwiper , these indicating the points which various readers had reached before giving up , either temporarily or permanently .
' if you do n't mind , i would like to take a leaf out of your book and make myself more respectable , ' said concha .
one leaf left .
and he certainly did n't have time to sit in jail while the last leaf on his lifemark withered and died .
the leaf was a fake - a tattoo meant to fool others .
mary asked as she watched ryan leaf through yet another volume of westminster hospital 's medical records .
the ash leaf works the same , though you have to recite a poem .
she 'd just found an even leaf when she heard hoofbeats again .
reaching the patch of clover , murie tucked her precious ash leaf and keys carefully under the belt of her surcoat , wishing she 'd thought to bring a basket , then dropped to her knees to begin her hunt for one of the four - leafed variety .
she kept the letters , along with tuck and clara 's photograph and the four - leaf clover , stashed in the bottom of her pajama drawer , a place where frank would never look .
the old tara would have let that comment pass , but the new tara was turning over a new leaf .
she waved a lettuce leaf in his direction .
he was trying to turn over a new leaf , one that became increasingly more important when leigh schyuler had picked the lock on his handcuffs .