the carved stone mantel is ridiculously ornate ; all it should take is the right amount of pressure on the right decorative leaf and a doorway will open up behind the gas logs .
i was pretty sure my face was burning , so i focused on the pot leaf someone had carved into the wall behind him .
` ` yes , you 're starting with a hair and scalp massage , followed by a warm seashell full - body massage , then a sugar glow , banana leaf wrap , exfoliating facial , waxing , and then manicure and pedicure .
dastous eight contributions so far were to the right , in the middle of the final shelf , with his name in bright silver leaf against the vermillion - colored leather bindings .
open tops with four tyres and leaf suspension .
hodor carried bran back to his chamber , muttering ` ` hodor '' in a low voice as leaf went before them with a torch .
that is true , leaf said .
purple heart with oak leaf clusters , and a silver star for the time he went down and carried his wounded copilot seven miles through enemy territory to the nearest us firebase , with an ak round in his left lung .
seventy - five feet overhead , stained - glass skylights glistened between paneled beams adorned with rare ` ` aluminum leaf '' -- a metal that was considered to be more precious than gold at one time .
behind him , i saw the words griffin , myles , kenneally and bergman in gold leaf .
with neon signs advertising beers i 'd never heard of , the maple leaf was located in an unassuming two story building .
a braver man i ve never met , tommy said slowly , thoughtfully , remembering charlie fine and the bravery he showed in several battles that earned him the bronze star with oak leaf cluster and a purple heart .
chapter six being in any branch or leaf of the military should make a person use to loud noises .
david tried to take in all of the interesting antiques but his gaze was drawn to the sampan man , perched upon a french carved leaf sofa .
now , we ' ve just got leaf people .
` ` when he found that the amyrlin had a store of two rivers leaf left , he insisted upon purchasing it '' .
the rajput clasped his hands together and bowed lightly before taking a pan leaf .
on this particular evening , she threw a salad togetheravocado , feta cheese , a few scallions , red leaf lettuce , lemon juice , and a yummy portuguese olive oil that ann - in - the - deli had recommended .
louie and pearl studied the menu briefly and immediately opted for the spider egg omelette with gum leaf toast and of course with a cup or two of nest caf coffee .
` ` we sure did that thing , '' said poplar leaf .
` ` check out the sides , '' said poplar leaf .
` ` we know that , '' said poplar leaf .
# after depositing my mug on the pull - out leaf of my desk and plopping myself in my swivel chair , i hear myself growl fels .
poullain had taken one of three seats by a low round coffee table , while dominic sat at a small drop leaf desk by the window .
do nt worry about aunt leaf .
in spite of the sagging couch , an easy chair whose springs leaked out of the bottom , a worn , hideous green , wall - to - wall carpet , and a small drop - leaf table with a surface etched in circular patterns left by glasses , he still felt pride at having a place of his own , finally out of cruzs range .
asked the regional supervisor in his dry leaf , grey lizard voice .
he guided his chair to the drop leaf table and motioned for her to sit across from him .
the floors were bare wood and there was a smaller table set up in here - the old - fashioned drop - leaf style just big enough for two .
he beat feet to a hiding place he 'd found during his search , wedging into the guest room closet behind her winter clothes and the leaf for her dining room table .