doc already had grant money lined up to investigate how the nursery habitat of mangrove trees influenced the growth of lemon sharks as part of his current investigations .
potted lemon trees stood sentinel against the balustrade .
surrounding the patio were dozens of lemon trees and brightly colored homes , which faced the rolling ocean .
it was a balmy night , with the smells of lemon trees and the mixed aromas of the restaurants surrounding us .
no one 's been able to get that lemon working . ''
i have a feeling the blue light special had a little more to do with this defunct lemon and all of the broken amenities , than it did the disappearance of one of its residents or any so called ghosts .
the middle where the stairs led was a huge hall , down the center of which were five , large , gleaming dark wood tables which , for the party , would hold massive displays of blooms from the palace 's greenhouses ( there were four gargantuan greenhouses where the palace gardeners grew everything from flowers and plants to adorn the house , to vegetables and fruits forced to grow out of season in order to feed its occupants and guests - they even had apple , pear , plum and peach trees in one , lime , lemon , grapefruit and orange in another and tangles of blackberry and raspberry vines in yet another ) .
outside the curtains , moonlight streamed in over them , and the cold winter breeze rustled the leaves on the lemon and orange trees in the courtyard beyond their private suite .
it was just a party in somebody 's backyard , with a pool and beer and christmas lights threaded through the lemon trees .
i smiled to myself as i crossed to my car , pausing a moment to take in the lemon trees , the thick carpet of pine needles on the lawn , the beige taurus driving not too slow but not too fast either- wait , what ?
in the shade of the lemon trees , we exchanged pleasantries with her until she cut right to it .
i closed my eyes , thinking of the warm california sun , and i could almost smell the lemon trees on my front porch and the honeysuckle in the backyard .
mmm , the lemon trees by my front door smelled intoxicating .
my lemon trees .
he looked again at the night sky and lemon trees .
i unlocked the front door , pausing to take in the smell of new construction mixing with the potted lemon trees that were placed just outside the front door .
three levels of terraces with potted olive and lemon trees , and then the pool .
two seconds after that he had her behind some potted lemon trees .
chapter 7 isabel found trevor on the front porch , staring at the thick cluster of lemon trees growing at the side of the house .
angelica turned to the pretty young woman , who 'd spoken to her through the leaves of a large potted lemon tree settled in the corner of the lundhames ' ballroom .
one of the green spikes from the lemon tree had caught in her hair , and she pushed it away as she offered a coin to angelica , gloved hand meeting gloved hand behind the sturdy tree trunk .
then she turned her back on the lemon tree and her client , and faced her sister .
maia had stopped just into the ballroom , and they were back near that same lemon tree from earlier in the evening .
potted lemon and orange trees , surrounded by luminaries , released their scent into the breeze .
following it down i pass though thickly scented groves of orange and lemon trees , the smell of the blossom in the still night air is so strong , it 's almost overpowering .
we follow the stream up through the lemon and orange groves and the forest until we reach the prairie then head off through the long grass .
not : that he 'd bought a lemon there ( he had n't owned a car in over a year , had sold the last one in punta gorda , florida ) .
then she spotted a courtyard outside one of the hotels and , after zooming into the photo , recognized a lemon tree standing against one wall .
i took deep breaths , to catch all the smells in this most beautiful and cruel of all cities : passionflower and incense , lemon trees and horse flop , rotting meat and coffee grounds .
' all right , father , ' i said , speaking to a decorative lemon tree , ' you can come down now . '
dany had her own room there , with a lemon tree outside her window .
and there outside the window , a lemon tree !
why do n't you hop out back to the lemon trees and pick us a bushel , and some nice olives and pomegranates too . ''
wine cups in hand , the yunkai'i wandered the garden in small groups , beneath lemon trees and night - blooming flowers , and dany found herself face - to - face with brown ben plumm .
the luscious lemon tree was in the middle of the yard .
the dried up lemon tree looked like a fire hazard .
from what i could remember , deans mom , rose , had some lavender here along the walkway leading up to the lemon tree .
i was able to plant everything else but the lemon tree .
there was a lemon tree with a stone pathway leading to the french doors of the house .
the phony , potted lemon tree was probably my all - time favorite .
they were definitely lemon trees .
christy and rey looked at the three lemon trees .
they 're three different varieties of lemon tree .
they followed inez away from the three lemon trees towards the forest .
chapter 14 inez walked away , lighting a new cigarette , and heading towards the field with the three lemon trees .
there s a big clearing with three lemon trees .
you will need to eat lemons from the three lemon trees while the medication goes global .
across from the home there are three lemon trees .
huxley is leading people to the house with the turret and the three lemon trees after school .
there s three lemon trees across from it and they re gon na take the lemons .
there s three lemon trees ?
where s the home and the lemon trees ?
rey said , the ninth grade is walking over to the three lemon trees in a field near pemota high .
so i think its springs idea to have the three lemon trees represent not the whole grade but like three people .
tristan had explained to them what happened yesterday with the three lemon trees .
christy saw three doors ahead , and noticed the walls were stenciled with pictures of lemon trees .
the lemon trees were left untouched , cut down and lying on the grass .
like a statue , bruesio lornodoris stood there , hovering among the myrtles , the fig trees and the lemon trees .
there was a private grass airstrip isolated in the middle of a lemon grove where they would meet .
we bought those eleven hectares ; eleven hectares of paradise , a garden of amazing organic coffee planted among alluring orange and lemon groves .
in the distance to their left , langdon spied an elliptical - shaped lagoon with a small island adorned with lemon trees and statuary .
sunbaked walls of red granite , their foundations resting on giant buttresses , sloped to a terraced foothold where cypress , orange , lemon , and olive trees stood guard .
there was a small grove of lemon trees and , in the center , a tiled fountain in the moorish style shaded by a palm tree .
the air was perfumed by the lemon trees , whose new leaves were emerging like butterflies from their winter cocoons .
only the ghostly - orange and lemon trees , and the shifting glitter of the greenhouses .
trees formed small groves of oranges and lemons with taller evergreen towers on the corners of the stone - fence - wrapped garden .
there were lemon trees , and many a marble statue of a lazy , sensuous god or goddess , round which flowers grew in rich purple or blue .
the glimmer of white behind a lemon tree .
the lemon tree .
he must not go behind the lemon tree .
and the lemon tree was closer now ...
the last few seconds played over and over again in his mind , and he saw again the lemon tree and heard again his brother 's laughter .
it was a little way out onto the grounds , a low wall beside a lemon tree .
he turned around and reached up into the lemon tree and broke off a single fragrant leaf .
first of all , it was far more fiercely illuminated than the ghastly court , where i had just stood trial , if it could be called such , and it was an entire world unto itself - a rectangular court planted with dozens of olive trees and other flowering trees , orange trees , lemon trees , and all of these strung with lanterns .
he breathed in the scent of the lemon trees .
the doors from the ballroom were opened to the night air , and small lanterns festooned potted fig , lemon , and olive trees throughout the patio .
they reminded him of photographs he 'd seen of lemon groves .
they were burning the lemon trees .
so when her father had visited a plantation in georgia when she was a girl , he had brought her mother two lemon trees .
some of the other ladies in town asked their husbands for lemon trees , and a few of them even got a tree or two .
she turned her back on me and began to weave her way through the lemon trees , to the outer edge of the garden .
when she reached the last lemon tree , she stopped .
she broke her eyes away from me , leaning her head back against the lemon tree .
burning a house with women in it , a house lined with lemon trees .
ivy relented , picking up her tattered skirts and leading genevieve out past what used to be her mother 's lemon grove .
the brush , the scrub oaks , the palmettos , the rosemary , the lemon trees - everything was on fire .
or maybe plant a lemon tree , fry some tomatoes , build a monument with your bare hands .
it was a relief to be back outside , and i followed the path behind the house until i came to the lemon trees and the crumbling stone wall that told me i was at greenbrier .
there it was , among the bare branches of the lemon trees , a mound of fresh soil lined with stones and covered with a sprinkling of snow .
i looked from genevieve to the lemon trees .
link was stomping around behind lena , trying to catch up with her as she made her way through the lemon trees .
not in the lemon grove or the crypt , where i 'd died the first time .
we lay on our stomachs in the grass , curled up against each other in our old spot by the tree near the lemon groves , near the hearthstone .
i sneak behind a lemon tree with the hugest lemons i ' ve ever seen .
i sneak behind a lemon tree with the hugest lemons i ' ve ever seen .
i had to bang my fist on the dash four times before the engine caught , but i told myself it was n't necessarily a sign of a lemon .
the air smelled citrusy from the orange and lemon trees in the front yard .
sweet - smel ing lemon trees lined a stone walkway .
the scent of lemon trees and a musky mix of women 's and men 's colognes hung in the air .
a faint citrus smell wafted from the neighbor 's lemon tree and the sounds of an ice cream truck jingled from the next street over .
i prowled the deck , running my fingers under the deck railing and the edges of the furniture and around the potted lemon trees .
the leaves of the lemon trees murmured to me .
i fell back into my human body beside the lemon tree 's decorative pot .
oranges studded one tree , lemons another .
they had wrought the world , every stick and stone of it , each lightning bolt and firefly , aurora and sunrise , firedrake and fox , onyx and oryx , lemon tree and poison frog , and every frizz of spanish moss .
# # # about the author burt candy lives with his wife on board a houseboat at lemon tree passage on the east coast of australia .
a wide variety of fruit trees were in evidence close to the house - oranges , paw - paw , guava , lemon , mango , litchi and others .
and the garden of their house , which was once beautiful , filled with rose bushes and lemon trees and singing birds , had gone to weeds , because master gaddel was too sad to care , too sad to do anything , like eat or drink water or go to bed at night , and so after a while he died too , of his huge sadness .
on the first couple of days on his new route , eddie had passed lemontree on several tries before finally spotting the opening and easing the mail truck down the steep - angled road , letting gravity and a low gear carry the vehicle down the snaking path that was densely lined with thin birch and lemon trees overgrown at the base of their trunks with weeds and tall grass .
the lemon trees were arranged in neat rows , five trees per row , and the first year eddie had driven down the road , the air was filled with overpowering scent of citrus , bright yellow lemons filling the trees and falling to the ground .
he d never known anyone had tried planting a lemon orchard in northeastern pennsylvania , and he wondered why someone would try in the first place .
the orchard looked like it had been abandoned for some time , the lemon trees unpruned and the grounds unkempt .
but every day he d look at the lemon trees , their leafy boughs dotted with yellow orbs , and he d take in the silence all around .
we noticed how things seemed to move in between the lemon trees and how voices seemed to come out of nowhere , like echoes from far away .
i d look out this very window here and see her walking among the lemon trees .
how to sit , how to listen , how to walk through the orchard and not run from the shadows as they peered from behind the lemon trees .
as the door locked , edward stood in the swirling wind , his clouds of breath whisked into the dark spaces between the lemon trees .
the wet spring became a stifling summer , and over the following years the messages flew to all the cardinal points of the country , messages written by the hand of an old woman in a lone cottage in a lemon orchard left fallow , messages carried by the hand of a young man whose wife was named rebecca and whose new apartment overlooked ribbons of long road that carried them on journeys to points indicated on a map in their small living room , a map dotted with red pushpins , a map placed beside a framed photograph of the young man when he was a child sitting close to his smiling mother and smiling father .
and even though it was supposed to be daytime , the sky was filled with stars , and we were soon rolling down an incline , past an old lemon tree orchard , past a bright red cottage , and then into a dark forest that closed up around us before opening up into a bright , endless field of golden wheat , and mike looked down at his map and said , kansas again .
it was an abandoned lemon tree grove , now .
the eucalyptus that lined the street just outside the garden wall was a heavy spicy scent that rode the air to mingle with the smell of the warm lemon trees .
there was water here or the lemon trees would have withered and died , but the ground seemed bone dry as if it never felt the touch of rain .
the next table was occupied by satchelmouth lemon , one of the musicians ' guild 's recruiting officers , with a couple of associates whose apparent knowledge of music extended only to the amount of percussion available on the human skull .
's brother plasterer 's job , spinning the wheels of torment- '' ` ` no it bloody well is n't , it 's my job to oil the axles of the universal lemon , ` ` said brother plasterer hotly .
laura took the conservatory in hand and made of it a splendid paradise , with giant weeping ficus encircling the smaller orange and lemon trees , while she brought flowering vines of all sorts - honeysuckle , jasmine , morning glory - to climb the iron - ribbed walls with the aid of delicate trellises .
on their way to the airport , they ordered the cab to stop at the open gate in stephanie 's schoolyard beside a blighted lemon tree and a leafless pomegranate bush .
when their intense little gathering was disbanded , dexter sat alone for a while under the lemon tree by the pretty water feature thinking about his life and wondering how he had managed to end up in a foreign embassy dressed as a fried egg , talking intrigue to probable assassins in the most volatile country in africa .
once searched and cleared , he was led through the double doors and narrow hallway of the main building and then across the lawn of the courtyard with the pretty water feature and the lemon tree , to a single - storey study with a small vegetable patch at its front .
they shook hands at the door and walked into the courtyard , where brad was waiting across the lawn under the lemon tree .
he took a deep breath and passed by the water feature and lemon tree , a corner he had always admired .
there , from the lemon tree by the pretty water feature , their superior officer hanged from a halter , arms limply by his side , head at an angle leaning on his chest .
even if this archie lemons was a great , all - around guy , or even if he told everyone he knew what he saw , the bottom line would be that he broke into the house and got himself killed .
he then pulled up google on the safari server on his iphone and did a quick search of archie lemons .
walking here in my nerved temper on the village footway , just came in front of me was a small dense lemon plant .
she was bending on her knees for looking inside the lemon plant from its bottom .
do not pluck - off any lemon , else the owner of plant get angry on you , i called out to warn her .
we have a garden full of lemon and orange trees , tomatoes , artichokes , zucchini and eggplants .
he said that it was set among olive and lemon trees and was very peaceful .
i remember i had this terry callier 45 , look at me now , and i thought it was every bit as good as rock around the clock or the sun stuff or lemon tree ( laughs ) i did nt know , man , i mean it all seemed good to me .
the grounds boast blooming jacaranda trees , lemon , tangerine and orange trees , and the purple bursts of agapanthus .
palm trees , oleander , bougainvillea , orange and lemon trees .
down the steps she runssmilingdashing between a pair of lemon trees and a rusty blue gate , then into the car of a faceless man who will never understand that mara lynn ca nt be bought , that shell ruin his life , or that i saw her first .
they could hear cicadas chirping in the long grass and see oranges and lemons hanging in a small orchard .
he has a habit of taking charge and so has been the former president of every organization he joined : fish and game association , optimist club , san diego writers and editors guild , and the chamber of commerce of the city of lemon grove .
we had a lemon tree in our back yard , so my mom would often make lemonade for me .
we have orange and lemon trees on our property .
during litha these herbs are frankincense , lemon , rose , wisteria , lavender .
why a lemon orchard of course , that s the sour clue .
his nose points to where the lemon orchard is .
fly straight in that direction till you find the lemon orchard .
they found nothing resembling a lemon tree orchard .
noodles and botzi walked into town and questioned some of the locals about a lemon tree orchard .
they drew plenty of blanks , but one old geezer seemed to remember about a lemon tree orchard .
he said , they built a tourist lodge on the land , called it the lemon tree resort bout 50 miles north of here .
50 miles due north , gasped noodles fly low , looking for the lemon tree resort again , the muscle helicopter savaged the air and demanded lift from the unsuspecting atmosphere , a lift that was granted without question .
and the helipad identified itself as the lemon tree resort .
corona , founded at the height of the southern california citrus boom in 1886 , once laid claim to the title lemon capitol of the world .
eventually , the rocks gave way to green fields of lemon and olive trees , and grape vines and wildflowers .
he started telling me about a special lemon liqueur called limoncello that was homemade from the lemons his family grew .
do n't forget to water the lemon tree .
i stared at the lemon tree until my wood relaxed .
i turned at the neighbor 's yard and hid behind one of the lemon trees , peering around the trunk at the stash house .
the back of the house was dotted with olive and lemon trees .
the sight of the beautiful apple , orange , lemon and walnut orchards that had bordered the old two lane road had disappeared .
a black dog , stretched out in the shade of a lemon tree , lifted its head and looked at her , seeing she posed no threat , he let out a deep sigh and dropped his head onto his paws once again .
she 'd added flower beds beneath the lemon and orange trees , as well as a bubbling fountain , and she 'd hung multiple trailing - flower baskets and a swing on the porch .
this home boasted wrought - iron balco - nies , cooly shaded patios , and endless gardens of lemon and olive trees .
so she did n't need to hide out here in the dappled shade of the lemon trees .
she 'd actually forked over twenty - five bucks for the five acres of land she lived on -- which was n't worth a plug nickel to anyone who had a lick of common sense -- to grow lemon trees .
he could see her set the buckets down , wipe the sweat from her brow with a back - swipe of her wrist , then proceed to water two lemon trees .
even though she wore gloves to carry the buckets , the wire handles were merciless ; the constant care her plants and the lemon trees required in this heat was wearing her down .
gazing at the valley below her , she saw most of limonero 's rooftops and a few of the streets -- and the sun - blessed growers association 's endless lemon tree groves .
to think , he 'd watered her stupid lemon trees to help her out .
we 're leaving for foster 's hideout just as soon as we water those lemon trees of yours . ''
in turn , she 'd invite him to come over and see her porch painted up , show off her new lemon trees .
since he had nothing else to do , john had examined the ground in front of and behind the small lemon grove .
he set out once more and made several passes up and down the length of the grove and back to the house ; to the front ; by the back door , only on the other side ; then beyond the lemon trees up the foothills .
several minutes later , isabel dashed down the steps to the lane , but stopped shy to gaze at her lemon grove .
dressed in the clothes they 'd worn in ventura , their private ceremony had taken place in front of her lemon trees all decked out with ribbons .
choosing a less formal dining area outside , he sat at the oval table on the veranda shaded by a lemon tree , vernon beside him with a plate full of churros .
a bittersweet smile flickered across her face much like how the sunlight filtered through the lemon tree to play in her hair .