` ` i usually have warmed lemon and honey with a glass of water .
do you like lemon ? ''
linette 's face had looked like she was sucking lemons for a week afterward .
was that lemon ?
what in the world would smell like lemon ?
this room had n't had a good cleaning for almost six months but now it was smelling like lemon furniture polish and vanilla .
` ` something about brazil and lemons .
lily had the perfect answer for teething , an old italian remedy - a bit of lemon skin to rub on the gums .
` ` there 's some sage and a little lemon juice .
then , at the very end , only the slightest hint of the lemon whispered by .
` ` i actually mostly study lemon sharks .
one of the small lemon sharks came over to investigate , but noah was too involved in the nurse shark to notice .
i played with the tooth in my fingers , unsure if i wanted to tell him that lemon sharks were n't man - eaters .
` ` lemon sharks ... '' i took a deep breath .
` ` a lemon shark , to be precise , '' izzy answered .
she smelled of lemon soap and clean , fresh woman , and he groaned .
in the kitchen , she made a jug of sangria , adding oranges and lemons and a sprig of mint and then stuck a paper umbrella in the top .
` ` lemon ? ''
` ` lemon wedding cake and make it look original and colorful but not tacky . ''
` ` and simon was bar tending last night so he put extra lemon in my drinks so i had added vitamins , thanks to your suggestion , i ' m guessing ? ''
the lemon peel is just as sophisticated but does n't have the ick factor for you . ''
he brought a glass and the pitcher over to where she was sitting , then poured the mixture over a twist of lemon , handing her the glass .
what 's your favorite ` ` anything with lemon in it , '' he replied easily .
there was a delicious salad with crisp greens and what she suspected was goat cheese and a salmon fillet with what looked like a lemon sauce .
she asked , stirring lemon and honey into her tea , pretending ignorance because she did n't want to answer his question .
` ` i do , '' he said and ordered a slice of lemon meringue and apple pie with ice cream on top .
gus put the two pieces in the center of the table and they ate off both plates , enjoying the sweetness of the lemon meringue against the richness of the apple pie .
the lemon chicken smelled delicious and alana 's mouth was watering .
she stuck out like a sore thumb here without even trying , a sour lemon in a land filled with ripe exotic fruits .
` ` i bet mrs . gregory comes over this afternoon with a lemon pie . ''
her lips puckered liked she 'd just swallowed a lemon .
familiar scents of rosemary , lemon verbena , and honeysuckle inundated her , settling her nerves .
the lemon verbena felt a little dry , and two containers of sage would have to be replaced soon .
` ` berry lemon is a customer favorite , '' she said .
what in the world did you add , besides honey and lemon ?
liam poured himself a cup of tea , adding sugar and a lemon .
` ` hurry up , i want to hear the song about the lemons at the church . ''
` ` you 'd always bring me lemon pound cake . ''
` ` and you tasted like lemons , '' she giggled , and then smashed her lips together .
` ` cheese and lemons , who would have thought it ? ''
all three women were looking at nick as if he were the first steak they 'd stumbled on after leaving a spa dinner of spinach leaves and lemon slices .
` ` no , you do n't , '' the old man said , lips pinched as if he 'd bitten into a lemon .
' um , i 'd like a lemon drop and a ... ?
i took the pillow he slept on last night and inhaled his scent , lemons and the smell of his intoxicating skin .
i poured myself a double shot and lovingly cringed when i sucked the lemon slice .
` ` do n't worry , my granny taught me to mellow out the bourbon with ginger ale and a lemon slice . ''
he scrunched up his mouth until it looked like he 'd just sucked a lemon .
en route , he watched her take a sip of her martini and immediately shove it away , making a face like she 'd bit into a lemon .
cinque terre was known for its lemon liquor and i still had n't tried it .
i ascended the stairs to the terrace with a plate of lemon cakes and coffee , and sighed at the magnificent sunrise .
` ` but i like their blackened tilapia , and their lemon drop martinis . ''
he was busy making their drinks ... ice - blocks and tonic water from a big , double - sided refrigerator , a lemon from a well - stocked bowl of fresh fruit , a bottle of tanqueray gin from a liquor cupboard .
he added a twist of lemon to the drinks and carried them to the two women , seizing the opportunity to clear up the situation since lucy might well decide any further intimacy with him was unwise and she was better off out of it .
they were both persuaded to order the divine - sounding apple and brandy souffle served with a lemon and kiwi fruit compote to finish off the meal .
sally and jane decided on simple glasses of water but their mother went for the whole ceremonial fuss of requesting earl grey tea with a slice of lemon .
i ' m not passing my client a lemon .
rupert himself smells like grated lemon peel .
i have to be careful , ' fleur says , sipping lemon tea and breaking off small crumbs of her croissant .
i lay there like a lemon . '
i plan to serve this rich , pungent dish with a whole artichoke , slathered in warm olive oil and lemon juice and sprinkled with chopped mint .
at the level of her crotch i sniff it , but it smells of metal and lemon polish .
it is made of wood and it smells of lemon oil .
` ` cland- '' ` ` jean claude doucette and julie o'hara doucette king- '' appalled , julie screwed up her mouth as if she 'd bitten into a lemon .
he smiled and snitched one of the tiny lemon tarts she 'd taken from the oven only a few minutes ago .
he blew onto the lemon surface , then took a bite , savoring the tartness .
then deftly , she moved the rest of the lemon tarts from the baking tray to a wire rack where they could cool .
he took another bite of the lemon tart and savored the delicious mix of sweet and sour that dissolved on his tongue in a burst of flavor .
he inhaled sharply and took in the scent of lemons and vanilla .
she smelled of lemons and he caught himself before he could take a much deeper breath just to taste more of it .
i just picked a lemon in the garden of love . ''
and the only reason rose was standing here , driving him insane with her soft scent of lemons , was that lucas was going to use her to get back at the man who had betrayed him .
had n't expected her taste to enflame him or for the scent of lemons that clung to her to drive into his mind and cloud up his thoughts .
a table between the chairs held a carafe of lemon water , left there by one of rico 's efficient yet nearly invisible staff .
the table was already laden with trays of fruit and cheese , a huge fresh salad , a plate of finger sandwiches , a tureen of soup , and two hot covered bowls , and he was in the process of arranging sliced lemons and parsley around a platter of prawns .
's wrong with your eyes that you did n't notice the lemons and limes i ' m puttin ' out are old ?
're just not using as many lemons and limes as we used to in the lounge , so they stand around a little longer . ''
i might as well have sucked on a lemon .
callie looked like she 'd just swallowed a lemon whole .
uncertain , i placed her mug in front of her along with lemon , cream , sugar , and a spoon , allowing her make her own .
` ` the dry flowers are brussels sprouts , roasted with lemon zest and a jasmine - infused sherry vinegar glaze , '' he said .
okay , thinking about beth again ... saturday 12:30 pm ` ` so you went home alone again , '' adam said , squeezing some lemon into his iced tea .
we walked inside and straight to the kitchen , where tina and a few of our friends were gathered around the table doing lemon drops .
i picked up a lemon drop and held it up .
i ordered another scotch and dumbass ordered us two rounds of lemon shots .
` ` as you say around here , ' squeeze a lemon on it , ' '' she teased .
` ` fire - roasted piquillo peppers stuffed with fresh goat cheese and rosemary , seared sea scallops with crispy jamon , lemon aioli , and flash - fried arugula , charcuteria , patatas bravas , and my personal favorite , carne de cerdo , ribs with a pineapple brandy sauce served with crispy fried onions . ''
once they were seated , suzy took a sip of her water with lemon while emma tried to keep herself from drinking her entire sweet tea in one gulp .
he leaned back in his seat and gnawed on a lemon rind .
rachel looked like she 'd been sucking lemons .
ginger looked down at the thick slice of lemon meringue she 'd just set in front of mr . sherman .
so she was going to squeeze the shit out of these lemons and force them into lemonade .
` ` that 's lemon maurice , '' suzanne told him , pointing to the first piece .
` ` a chiffon cake with a lemon mousse filling .
when he whirled with a piece of lemon cake in his hand , suzanne was totally unprepared .
` ` i think '' -she said , reaching for a napkin , the corner of her mouth trying to swing up into a smile she was desperately fighting- '' that the lemon makes the cut .
we should do the chocolate hazelnut and the lemon .
` ` can i have a lemon drop , please ? ''
tuesday frowned at her lemon drop .
he served the cowboy with the new york accent his drink along with a glass of ice water , no lemon , for the man 's wife , before turning his attention to ariana .
eldin hates lemons , so i buy iced tea for the man .
tonight it was baked chicken with grilled artichokes and brussels sprouts , with a lemon sponge cake for dessert .
hot tea with lemon and honey ?
it was onward into lemon territory .
sarah winked as she took her coffee , and i returned to restocking the small fridge where we kept lemon slices and cream .
the second weekend of the month when i was allowed only water with lemon so that i would detox and ` ` keep that nasty cellulite at bay . ''
still , swanny spent the rest of the afternoon glowering in the corner , looking as though he 'd swallowed a lemon .
` ` that idiot mardock forgot to put lemon juice on the order , and i ' m having a rush on sidecars . ''
she thought bitterly as she turned to deposit the lemon juice on the bar .
she took her time unloading the grocery sack and lining the bottles of lemon juice on the counter , her neck prickling with awareness of his gaze on her .
niall looked like he was sucking on a lemon .
and a variation on the lemon drop martini that we called lemon drop your panties , '' kim said , and the edges of julia 's lips lifted in a smile .
and a variation on the lemon drop martini that we called lemon drop your panties , '' kim said , and the edges of julia 's lips lifted in a smile .
he shrugged and made a face that looked like he 'd just sucked on a lemon .
when she tasted the drop of scotch from her finger , she made a face like she 'd just sucked a lemon .
she loved the way her mind could turn lemons into lemonade , she thought as she poured a bit of vodka into her coffee from a flask in her purse .
it 's like squeezing orange juice out of a lemon , mr . gordon .
right now , she began messing with lemons or something , meddling with juan miguel 's plating while he scowled .
not stockbrokers or bankers ; they ordered brand - name alcohol with special instructions , like , ` ` i 'll have a sapphire tonic with two limes , a lemon , and a cherry on one of those little plastic swords - a red sword , please . ''
he loved the way she made beans , with garlic and that squeeze of lemon juice .
besides- '' megan took a bite of her lemon chicken .
disgust squeezed his face like he 'd sucked on a lemon .
the scent of flowers with a hint of lemon clings to the air in the glass enclosed property .
~~~ the smell of lemon pepper awakens me from my slumber .
for a moment i think i ' m still in the blindfold and he 's holding a lemon , but i realize i can see .
a large basket sits atop the island overflowing with baguettes , heads of garlic , lemons and what i assume are pomegranates .
colton soon returns with our plates and glasses of sparkling water , topped with sliced lemon .
sophie fishes the lemon slice from her water glass and brings it to her lips , sucking the sour juice in the most distracting way .
she sets the lemon slice down .
cheap furniture , cream coloured linen , and the slightly sickly scent of lemon detergent in the air .
but you oughta try the chicken breast in lemon vodka sauce .
you taste like lemons . ''
the aroma of sandalwood and lemon filled the room .
` ` lettie at the golden boot makes a mean lemon drop . ''
i also snipped some dill , chervil , chives and the last of the lemon basil . ''
she sidled up to the bar , telling beebee , ` ` a honey jack and seven with lemon , please . ''
sugar - rimmed glasses , a slice of lemon , pieces of lemongrass twined around a cocktail pick weighted at the bottom with a chunk of amber - colored candied ginger .
she tasted like lemons and smelled like heaven .
a cool blast of air and the scent of lemon pledge greeted her in the cavernous foyer .
` ` two lemon drop martinis , each with a lemon vodka chaser . ''
the woman was a ray of sunshine in a dress the color of lemons .
the balcony wall had been decorated with a row of lemons , whose skin shone seductively and begged to be touched .
kizzy gasped and dropped the lemon she had been holding as she leaned over the edge to see where he was .
she peered down into the shady courtyard , and saw her boss staring straight back up at her , tossing the lemon nonchalantly from hand to hand .
` ` clearly not , '' he replied , and threw the lemon back up to her .
i ' m the fucking queen of making lemonade out of lemons , luc .
` ` you taste like lemon , '' he whispered against her lips .
` ` you were right , '' he said as he squeezed a lemon over her stomach .
` ` the strawberry are the best , though my herbert liked the lemon - flavored . ''
and why did knowing that he only wanted to find evalle for that one reason feel like a paper cut doused with lemon juice ?
he was tall , several inches over six feet , and he had short , thick hair the color of a ripe lemon .
there was a strange sweet music playing , flawed with sweet - sour notes , a sort of aural equivalent of honey mixed with lemon juice , and there was a circle of faeries dancing to the music , their feet barely seeming to skim the floor .
her mother was seated on one of the gilt - backed chairs , her long artist 's fingers wrapped around a mug of hot water with lemon .
you ever heard that expression , when life gives you lemons ... ?
when life gives you lemons , make sure you know whose eyes you need to squeeze them in .
the faint smell of lemon lingered in the air , a scent that reminded alana gore of her grandmother 's house .
days - old lemons being used , fruit juice beyond the expiration dates , and a whole slew of other grossness went on .
six the bar opened at one in the afternoon , and since no one had moseyed on in , jax set me up behind the bar slicing fresh lemons and limes , with one warning .
this is a lemon drop .
i watched her eat a couple more , and then she reached for the lemon drop .
with no rent , we had more than we normally did for food , and it was nice to be able to splurge on the mint chocolate chip ice cream that micah loved and some lemon tea for me .
inhaling deeply , reconciled to the plan , i raised both hands- only to be distracted by a body lying on the ground , bound by merth - a vampire with jet - black hair and lemon eyes .
mage 's mouth twisted as if she had bitten into a lemon .
i sipped at a glass of anisette decorated with a lemon twist .
the lemon is also very good . ''
` ` here it is , precious , lots of lemon and sugar , the way you like it , is n't that right ?
then it was thirty minutes till opening time , and sam went behind the bar to start slicing lemons for the tea .
kennedy was pouring beers and tea and water with lemon , and all the food was ready on time .
can i get you a glass of water with lemon ? ''
the lemon juice and yew mix i had measured out earlier threatened to spill as i rocked the table , and i moved it to a nearby counter .
the dust , the wine , and the holly would give the ghost substance , but it would be the other half with the lemon juice that would actually summon him .
moving carefully to prevent a draft , i got the tiny copper spell pot with the lemon juice and carefully shook the dust into it .
the lemon half was done , and i reached for the mortar with the wine and holly mix .
the lemon half was next , and my fingers were actually on the copper pot before i remembered i had n't mixed in the identifying agent .
head lowered , she stopped , allowing his fear to coat her in a soothing sheen like fragrant lemon oil , and she felt her hunger jealously claim it .
the floors now had carpet squares , and air smelled like lemons instead of tuna fish .
jaxon , the consummate health nut , had requested water with a lemon twist .
the scent of bleach and lemon permeated the small , dim space .
he stomped up the steps and entered dallas 's building , the cool night air giving way to warmth and laden with the scent of lemon cleaner .
mint and lemons , coffee and total passion .
the scent of lemon and mint strengthened .
he tasted of sweet lemons and a hint of cherry .
gwen felt too soft and warm against him , smelled too delicious , like lemons , his favorite , and kept uttering wanton little sighs he yearned to swallow .
nine minutes later , she emerged , face damp , the scent of lemons wafting from her .
the taste of mint hit her first , then lemons , then the flavors became a part of her , his breath hers .
apples , pears , lemons .
he breathed deeply , catching the scent of bark , dewy leaves , sweat , the lemon soap sabin used , paris 's aftershave and his personal favorite ... wild sky .
a lemon tree would always bear lemons .
a lemon tree would always bear lemons .
she puckered her lips , knew she looked like she 'd just sucked on a lemon and did n't care .
the medicine tastes like old lemon .
` ` i marinated it in olive oil , lemon , garlic , and ginger . ''
rubi picked up the lemon squares , slid her finger along the edge of the platter , lifting a trace of powdered sugar , and sucked it off as she walked toward the patio doors .
` ` chocolate or lemon ? ''
jax held one of the lemon bars .
like how come you looked as if you 'd been sucking lemons when we got the partner switch .
chapter 18 when life hands you lemons , you take those lemons and then shove them right up life 's ... well , you get the picture .
chapter 18 when life hands you lemons , you take those lemons and then shove them right up life 's ... well , you get the picture .
go take that man his lemons , penelope !
stick those lemons where the sun do n't shine !
i did n't have any strength left in my arms to keep throwing back the lemons .
remember , you ca n't control the lemons , but you choose what to do with them .
i ate the lemons , swallowed them whole , and spit out the seeds .
the tears squeezed from her body like a lemon in a press as her muscles strained under his weight .
she asked our president , who looked like she had swallowed a lemon .
i doled out the advice about making lemonade out of lemons and put one foot in front of the other .
i straightened my spine and walked back to the bar , ordering myself a lemon drop and tossed it back .
` ` you just looked like you had sucked a lemon when that cole guy was giving his interview .
` ` i 'll have a lemon drop , '' i said .
` ` you 're making me lemon drops ?
i took a long drink of my lemon drop .
i had consumed several lemon drops and was feeling a pleasant , hazy glow .
i asked as daniel poured cranberry juice into the glass and garnished it with a lemon slice .
when life hands you lemons , make lemonade .
clay swirled the ice in his water , poking the lemon with his finger .
` ` we ' ve had kids hospitalised with lemons in places they do n't belong . ''
and then it all folded inward , tears streaming down my face as it crumpled like i 'd eaten a lemon .
sure , it was n't just any old pie - the box an early mourner had delivered was crisp and white , boasting the logo from the best patisserie in san francisco - but even as she wondered what kind of filling was hidden inside ( blueberry , maybe , or a fluffy lemon meringue ) , grace was hit with a crushing sense of shame .
` ` you 're too much like lizzie , '' flora decided , sucking on a lemon drop from the bagful they 'd bought at the corner shop .
it was like eating over - spiced gingerbread with grapefruit and lemon thrown in .
his stubborn partner sat back , looking like he was chewing on a lemon .
for the first hour and a half or so , zane played conservatively , stuck to evian over ice with a lemon twist , and kept an eye on the other players , confirming tells and , even more importantly , confirming mood .
if he sees you , hell get that pinched look on his face , like he bit into a lemon or someone twisted his shorts . ''
the words became clearer as the heat brought out the acid in the lemon juice .
` ` he probably sat in a bar somewhere and used the damn lemon from his water .
` ` jen is having water with lemon .
he holds the scent of lemons and spice .
the room warbles , the molecules around us shift and bend until a new scene emerges , a garden , a sunny day , the scent of fresh lemons and spring grass infiltrates our senses .
she steps over in all her brilliance , weaving the fragrance of lemon grass and hyacinth through the air , honey and spice and everything nice .
the clean scent of honey and lemons spice the air as a cacophony of explosive grunts , and berated spasms of ecstasy , rocket from a nearby thicket .
sedan , blue , it holds the scent of lemon polish , and the leather seat is slippery as oil .
i ' ve always admired her lemon waves .
` ` i 'll just have the salmon caesar salad , please , with extra lemon on the side .
the chicken i ' m roasting with lemon and basil goes in the oven when the bell rings , telling me it 's warm enough .
she smells like vanilla with a hint of lemons .
` ` you got lemon !
` ` but i did n't get lemon . ''
i sent both chocolate and lemon , since i ' m not there for her to steal a bite from .
` ` i went with chocolate in one tier and lemon in the other , '' i respond .
tess laughs with me as she frosts the lemon cupcakes with lemon frosting .
by the time i ' m finished , the kitchen sparkles and smells like lemons , and i ' m mortified to see that i ' ve been cleaning for more than a half hour .
` ` please tell me you have lemon and chocolate left . ''
` ` god , these lemon drops are insanely delicious . ''
` ` wow , '' meg mutters and she takes a bite of the raspberry lemon and sips her wine .
` ` i 'll take one of those lemon drops martinis , linus , '' i say to my young server , who is still blushing from jules ' attention .
we ' ve had countless lemon drops , and if we let go of each other , i ' m not so sure we 'll stay upright .
he looked right into my office and the expression on his face was one of a man who had just sucked a lemon .
wedges of lemon , lime , cocktail onions , olives and maraschino cherries .
` ` lots of ice , '' i dunked it again , ` ` add a lemon . ''
i pulled a lemon out of the tray and slid it onto the side of the glass .
at the very least not wear them without looking like she was sucking lemons but wear them with grace and float down the aisle toward him with the bearing of her mother , a woman renowned throughout lunwyn , hell , all of the northlands , for her refined manner .
` ` i do n't know what lemon drops are , circe , and they do n't have chimney tops but i did my best , '' diandra whispered to me and i turned my head to her and smiled .
i did n't have any lemons to make lemonade but i was going to damn well do what i could with no lemons and no nothing .
i did n't have any lemons to make lemonade but i was going to damn well do what i could with no lemons and no nothing .
this was lemons and i was making some freaking tasty lemonade , let me tell you .
there , i got a light lunch of salad with flakes of tuna , quarters of hard - boiled egg , crisp bacon bits and olives in a light oil - based dressing flavored in lemon with a heavenly roll on the side , this served with wine , of which i partook a lot .
monique ignored her and poured tea into a dainty , china cup , added a wedge of lemon and handed it to her .
` ` lemon , lime cordial and vodka , '' she answered .
she continued this through her first three vodka , lemon and limes which she consumed in less than an hour .
she let out a high - pitched shriek that brought the eyes of half the patrons of the pub their way , including , he noted distractedly , hattie fennick who wore an expression which was the epitome of someone who 'd sucked a lemon .
after the dart game and another vodka , lemon and lime for elle and some very animated but completely incomprehensible discussion between annie and elle about ` ` recycling outfits '' , the night also included elle suddenly and bizarrely shouting across the pub , ` ` you are my new favorite person ! ''
then she dug in her purse and pulled out her bag of lemon drops .
to this day , she always carries a bag of lemon drops . ''
` ` anyway , '' she said in a brighter voice , ` ` she went around the whole room offering the old folks lemon drops , telling jokes , laughing and talking and livening up the room .
gram and a bag of lemon drops . ''
it also could have to do with her story about her grandmother and the lemon drops .
` ` though , i ' ve noticed she has n't offered me any lemon drops . ''
` ` and she makes lemon meringue pie , from scratch , even the crust .
` ` i hope it 's lemon meringue pie . ''
i hung up , tossed the draining bulgar wheat in with the other junk , chopped the onions , cried a little bit , threw them in too , mixed it up with a dash of olive oil , lemon juice and salt and pepper .
monk 's expression twisted into one that made him look like he 'd just sucked on a lemon .
i blamed lemon drops .
i 'd gone out and had way too many lemon drops .
they did this with the addition of lemon drops which we drank sitting on stools around their kitchen island ( they had a fabulous kitchen , all chrome and gleaming black cabinets and granite countertops , it was buddy 's domain , he cooked like a dream ) .
but lemon drops always did me in , eventually .
sucking back lemon drop five , i told them about hector and added on what i knew about the rock chicks , the nightingale men and the cherry on top was my history with daisy .
during lemon drop six , i shared what happened when ricky balducci broke into my apartment .
that would take another few days and another night of lemon drops for buddy and ralphie to get me to give up what they called ` ` the bandage crutch '' .
ralphie and buddy had a big g*y posse and this g*y posse showed up loads , usually this degenerated into copious french martinis or lemon drops or cosmos and impromptu viewings of auntie mame ( the rosalind russell version , not the lucille ball version ) or steel magnolias .
the bartender asked me what i wanted and i told him , ` ` three lemon drops .
i picked up a lemon drop and took a sip .
i leaned into him while the bartender finished our lemon drops then i paid for the drinks .
i 'd watch the show , drink my lemon drops and when it was over get buddy and ralphie to get me the heck out of there .
i 'd think about it later when hector 's hand was n't at my neck , i had n't survived the latest balducci brother attack and i did n't have five lemon drops and three shots coursing through my system .
they had three more beers and made a major dent in the bottle of jack by the time they were done explaining what ralphie called the night of a thousand horrors accompanied by lemon drops .
as good ( if not better ) than lemon drops .
where we can drink lemon drops and watch veronica mars . ''
` ` life gives you lemons , you make lemonade .
this means learning how to make that complicated lemon souffle . ''
and it was just my luck that the teacher looked like he 'd swallowed a lemon when we walked in a few seconds late .
` ` make for him a mixture of dried garlic , lemon juice , honey , tamarind , and wild turmeric .
three slices of bacon - crunchy not flimsy - and a glass of lemon water ? ''
ten minutes later she comes back with my breakfast on a plate in one hand and a glass of lemon water in the other .
marika looked like she 'd just bitten into a lemon .
` ` we ... '' she looked like she 'd swallowed a lemon .
then , taking a reluctant sip , she grimaced as if he 'd shoved a lemon down her throat .
jagr looked like he 'd chewed on a lemon .
setting aside the cognac , he was prepared when the uniformed butler stepped into the room , his back poker - straight and his expression puckered , as if he 'd just swallowed a lemon .
she drew back just far enough to murmur , ` ` you taste so good , like lemons and sugar and you , '' and then she was kissing him again , slicking her tongue over his lower lip .
she pulled up a bar stool and speared some lemon chicken .
he was timeless , she thought , just like the smell of lemon and leather in the room .
` ` i 'll go get the salt if you want to handle the lemons ? ''
adrian was pouring witch hazel and hydrogen peroxide into the basin , empty bottles of white vinegar and crushed plastic lemon juice containers littering the sink next to him .
` ` and i 'll have a glass of water , no ice , add lemons . ''
planning to place the blame on rats or precocious children once he diagnosed the problem , she mumbled something about having bought a lemon and got him a paper towel so could set the part on the floor .
there was even a slice of lemon in her water glass .
i had darlene add lemon bars this year .
vacuum strokes scored the carpet , and the place smelled mildly of lemon furniture polish and other cleaning supplies .
where 'd you find this lemon ? ''
` ` when life hands you lemons , make lemonade . ''
when life hands you lemons , make lemonade ... . and if the ranch is n't profitable in five years ?
he had hair the color of lemon candy , a translucent yellow .
hailey reappeared with eight shot glasses , a lemon , knife , cutting board and my sugar bowl .
she put everything down on the living room table and chucked the lemon at mason .
she looked at me , then reached for the shot glass , dipped a lemon slice in sugar , and downed her shot .
at the same time , both girls picked up a lemon , dipped it in sugar , picked up a shot glass and raised it above their heads to mason and cooper .
mason and cooper did n't reach for the glasses though , only the lemons .
at the same time they poured the shots in the girl 's mouths and then bent down and gave them the lemons .
layla puts a lemon drop in front of me and before i can say thank you , she 's taking care of another customer .
much to my enjoyment , he looked like he 'd caught a mouthful of lemon peel .
` ` i do n't have orange ceylon spice , but i can offer chai or honey lemon . ''
anyone ever tell you your hair smells like lemons ? ''
four lemons , a sack of ferrets and a pint of rum .
yeah , she had showed up , but she kinda looked like she was going to be sick or like she was sucking on a lemon the entire ride over .
i sounded like i had been sucking on a lemon .
i sniff the brush and it smells vaguely of lemons .
from this distance i can smell the lemon and menthol .
i added some lemon , just like you always asked for . ''
she took a dainty sip of water with lemon .
tea with lemon , please .
` ` one ounce sweet vermouth , one ounce vodka , one ounce whiskey , two ounces pomegranate cherry , and two lemon wedges cut up and spread around the glass . ''
he did n't bother with milk , honey , or lemon , already sensing that she 'd drink tea like coffee - straight up .
he dumped the rinsed capers and some freshly squeezed lemon juice into the bowl .
he tossed a sizable quantity of cooked garbanzo beans into the food processor and added tahini , lemon juice , and a bit of garlic .
an impossibly thin slice of lemon floated in the crystal - clear depths .
not that the theory keeps her from buying her favorite lemon squares there , of course . ''
` ` when it comes to good lemon squares , you have to do what you have to do . ''
` ` unsweetened tea with lemon , '' i said .
` ` no lemon . ''
mad rogan took the lemon wedge off his glass and deposited it onto his appetizer plate , as if it had been some sort of offending bug .
isabel 's copper nails sparkled as she squeezed a wedge of lemon over the cold mussels , clams and oysters .
` ` no more lemon yogurt . ''
` ` sugar and lemon , please . ''
his house would be clean and smell like lemons or , maybe , roses but there would be silence when he walked in .
` ` lemon drop , '' graham said .
bars serve it with lemon wedges .
the wind brought a familiar scent of lemon .
` ` you put lemon juice in your hair again . ''
he tasted the tea she 'd drunk , with its bite of lemon and a little bit of raw brown sugar , a taste he remembered from his childhood .
richard looked like a man who 'd bitten into a lemon .
` ` lemon rind ? ''
to the best of his knowledge , only his mother put lemon rind into the cones .
` ` do n't forget the lemons , meli ! ''
by button eight , cameron was kissing her neck , tasting her - salty tang over the faint bite of lemons .
eleanor 's housekeeper , now retired , apparently had instructed her to obtain mrs . mayhew 's recipe for lemon cakes .
and lemon . ''
` ` and lemon juice .
his hair smelled faintly of lemons from the cleaning solution on the floor of the kitchen , and lucy listened to him breathe , watching the shallow rise and fall of his chest .
underneath the hairspray and body lotion , i caught her scent , like lemons and sea spray .
bitterness wafted from her , changing her scent from lemons and sea spray to something harsher .
the air was still faintly scented with lemon , kira 's essence lingering as if she were a spirit taunting him .
cat slid her lemon slush across the table when kira sat down .
they would come with a piece of bubble gum on a toothpick as a garnish instead of a lemon ! ''
he was a man who had been through hell at a very young age and still struggled to make lemonade out of lemons .
and iced tea , no lemon . ''
my one lemon was n't enough so i grabbed the one hanging on macon 's glass .
i had n't realized that limes and lemons have to be cut differently .
but do n't forget the lemon . ''
i pushed the lemon wedge from the rim of my glass into my water .
when i got to merlotte 's , everything was ready except for slicing the lemons and limes .
lafayette was tying on his apron as i got the lemons from the big refrigerator .
all the lemons had been quartered .
and if it 's lunchtime , you have to take the bowl of lemon slices off the table .
fairies are allergic to lemons and limes , like vamps are allergic to silver and garlic .
` ` what if the inside were rubbed with lemon juice ? ''
i ' m allergic to lemons . ' ''
he had n't known the triplets were allergic to lemons .
` ` we wo n't use lemons . ''
but claudine abandoned all interest in andy when she saw he was drinking ice tea with lemon .
fairies are even more violently allergic to lemon than vampires are to garlic .
when i assembled the hot water and a tea bag , i put a saucer with a couple of lemon slices on the tray , too .
it held soft drinks , bottled blood , and sliced lemons and limes .
i 'd come to get a slice of lemon and a cherry to put on a tom collins , and i 'd just stayed .
` ` oh , you , '' i said with a more natural smile , and got out the bowl of sliced lemons .
` ` smooth move , '' i said , and my voice was sour as a squeezed lemon .
i served the last mug of tea , careful to put it down evenly so it would n't spill , and i asked dove beck , a cousin of alcee 's , if he wanted any extra lemon .
claude and claudine 's sister had been murdered with lemon juice .
lemons were even better , but it was kind of hard to slip a fairy a lemon without the fairy realizing it .
lemons were even better , but it was kind of hard to slip a fairy a lemon without the fairy realizing it .
i put a slice of lemon in the tea and carried it to jane , watched her hands shake as she picked up the glass and drank from it .
sure , after asking sam for permission , i 'd filled both the plastic water guns with juice from the lemons in the refrigerator ( intended for iced tea ) .
i thought maybe real lemons would somehow be more potent than the bottled lemon juice at home .
i thought maybe real lemons would somehow be more potent than the bottled lemon juice at home .
the juice had fallen on her in a spray , across her chest and upper arms , and where the lemon had touched her smoke began to rise from her skin .
he was the third head of the kirk investigation in three months ; nora 's reports had made it clear that his predecessors either were incompetent or actively wished the kirk family -- and by implication all tourists -- ill . peert had a lean , angular face that looked like he was always biting hard into a lemon .
he squeezed his lemon slice into his tea .
after we ' ve finished our dinner and each had a piece of homemade lemon meringue pie , it is almost nine and time for us to go home .
she breathed deeply and smelled autumn air and lemon polish .
` ` holly , the bartender needs some more lemons .
my heart left my body , flew around the backyard , and starting picking lemons off the tree .
in pure southern california fashion , that afternoon for a snack i had an avocado , dressed simply with salt , pepper , and fresh lemon juice from my own trees .
like wool and sage and lemons .
i stared up at him , the scent of warm wool and lemons thick in the air between us .
as i passed him , i took another hit of wool and lemons , and my eyes crossed a little .
his rich , cozy scent of wool and lemons was now too thick , too much , too there .
i inhaled and smelled ... lemons .
i smelled the honeysuckle and lemons and relaxed into the solitude .
this time the wool and sage and lemons - from him and the nearby trees - was perfect and sweet .
` ` lemon 's good , thanks , '' he replied , and i nodded as i used a tiny paring knife to peel back a sliver of lemon .
` ` lemon 's good , thanks , '' he replied , and i nodded as i used a tiny paring knife to peel back a sliver of lemon .
raspberries , blueberries , and a chunked - up peach went into a bowl with a squeeze of lemon and a sprinkling of sugar .
` ` now we spice things up and add a little citrus , '' i answered , lining up cinnamon and nutmeg , my sugar bowl , and a lemon .
when i asked him to squeeze the lemon , he lemoned so well i had trouble keeping my tongue in my mouth and off his throat .
even his salad - simple greens dressed lightly with lemon and olive oil , salt , pepper , and good parmesan - was easy and perfect .
dark coffee , tiny little lemon cakes , freshly cut berries and cream , and a side of sunny coastline .
twisted and craggy , they glistened , with slices of lemon nestled here and there .
simon raised an eyebrow , and i nodded as he squeezed the lemon , his strong and elegant fingers making short , erotic work of the oysters .
he tasted like sweet and salt and lemons , and it was all i could do not to grab him by his pretty linen shirt and have my way with him on top of the bar - but in a very ladylike way , mind you .
i remember groaning at the taste of her - tequila and lemon , i wanted to devour her .
we waded through the crowd to the bar , ordering four shots of 1800 silver tequila with a lemon drop each .
i remember he looked behind me and nodded in acknowledgement before pouring out the shots and passing us the salt and lemon wedges .
but what 's the saying , when life gives you lemons , mix with tequila and salt and have a f**king good time ?
it sang of flowers and lemon and rich spice and sunlight , all bottled together .
walking into the foyer , i was immediately comforted by the sounds and smells of home - lemon furniture polish , cinnamon and sugar , the slightly musty smell of an older home , the low murmur of the television .
that smell - of bright lemons and sugar - reminded me of tate .
he took both my hands and leaned toward me , pressing a soft kiss to my cheek , the scent of sugared lemon floating around him .
whenever i ' m around him , i smel lemon and sugar .
i fil ed her in on my lemon and sugar theory .
whenever i ' m in your presence , i smel lemon and sugar - like cookies baking . ''
and why did the city smel like lemon and sugar after it rained ? ''
he also thinks tate 's bluffing , and he put some stock into your lemon and sugar theory .
the sudden punch of peppery magic that filed the car - and the cloying scent of sugar and lemons that accompanied it - proved this was a magical problem ... and a problem i knew al too wel .
nothing but the lingering , cloying scent of lemon and sugar .
he was possibly an old creature and smeled like lemon and sugar .
the smels of lemon and sugar filed the air .
` ` seth smels like lemon and sugar .
he put a hand on my shoulder , then walked past me toward the door , lemons and sugar in his wake .
nick and i had stolen several summer days there , poring over antique books , inspecting mementos of papa breck 's travels , and nabbing lemon drops from a crystal dish he kept on his desk .
throw in a decent lemon tart now and again , and i ' m perfectly fine . ''
scotch floated over cubes of ice and a curlicue of lemon zest .
` ` amazing , '' i said , leaning against the counter as i savored the small cake - buttery and sweet with the tang of fresh lemon - bite by tiny bite .
he gave me a look that would make lemons rot , and i smiled .
it was filled with light - yellow lemonade and several round lemon slices .
the lemon was perfectly refreshing and the ice was crispy cold .
i looked at holt , who looked like he swallowed an entire bag of lemons , and said , ` ` you 're married ? ''
she smelled good , like lemons and honey .
her face turned sour , like she sucked on an entire lemon .
everything smelled like floor polish with maybe a hint of lemon .
it smelled like the cleaning crew just added the lemon to take away the harsh smell of the cleaners .
i saw the discreet security guard sitting at the end of the bar , a water with lemon and a menu in front of him .
* * * casimir held a chilled martini glass by the stem ; dubonnet , london dry gin , a slice of lemon .
` ` you still smell like lemon furniture polish , '' endelle muttered .
the recipe was simple : sugar , vodka , lemon zest and a lot of waiting .
while the tart lemon put sparks in his mouth , the drink began that long oh - so - necessary slide into sleep that only one - hundred - proof could bring .
you ca n't hide that many lemons , that many bottles of vodka .
he also believed that when life delivers lemons , you must make lemonade .
talk about lemons .
he smelled , also as always , of lemons and maybe turpentine , a really odd juxtaposition to his suave , immaculate appearance .
parisa dished up a plate for havily and dressed it with fresh basil and a squeeze of lemon .
was it only a few months ago that he had sat in this exact chair , in this spot , leaking sweat like lemon juice squeezed through a strainer ?
he smelled so strangely of lemons tinged with ... what ?
she breathed in , meaning to draw more of his heady seductiveness inside her , but the smell of him , lemons and turpentine , shocked her senses .
a scent of lemons arose along with a faint resinous smell , something like paint thinner .
there were biscuit tins and a variety of cheeses , crackers , marmalade , and lemon curd .
his coworker sara shattered a martini glass all over the lemon wedges .
` ` i hope you like roasted chicken with lemon sauce , baby potatoes , and fresh - baked bread .
here i had myself convinced chicken just appears on the table with a nice lemon sauce on it , and you had to go and shatter my intentional delusions . ''
he finishes with a dash of lemon juice and a couple squirts of lemonade .
easy peasy lemon squeezy .
a large lemon meringue pie is sitting on the side on one of mum 's glass dessert plates .
mum makes the best lemon pie - and she learnt that from gram .
i feel like a right bloody lemon standing here waving at taxis . ''
` ` are you coming or are you just gon na stand there like a lemon all day ? ''
mmm , lemon .
i win , but now i have to sit out here like a friggin ' lemon and wait for him to show .
although i 'll settle for water , no lemon necessary . ''
nine five minutes to go until her performance , livia sipped her lukewarm lemon water , her standard drink to soothe her vocal cords prior to singing .
the italian diva stirred her lemon water with the little straw , her red sequined dress glittering under the multiple chandeliers .
he dropped his fork in favor of the crystal goblet and downed half the sparkling water with a lemon twist .
pinning her with his eyes , he slipped his hand down , lower still , until he stopped between her legs in a none - too - subtle reminder of where he 'd laved away lemon meringue from their last meal together .
` ` that 's an interesting way of making lemonade out of lemons . ''
his old seats shone and the scent of lemon - lime surrounded him , but his mind was firmly on grace .
the scent of lemons hovered in the air .
her silken hair smelled of lemons , her skin fragrant and fresh .
` ` i 'll need a glass , a bottle of black label , a bucket of ice and a lemon .
dixon just made a mental note to pack an ice chest and plenty of lemons for the road .
` ` and i cut the lemon peels into those little curls , yeah , '' dixon replied , a clear edge to his voice .
they were shaped into oranges and lemons .
cook might be mad , but she does make the most divine lemon tarts , and battlefield is battlefield so we must all put up with him , and i am scatterbrained , but i will make every attempt to appear solemn and serious and ... well , i do wish you would visit .
the scent of lemons and frankincense drifted in the air .
or perhaps lemon ?
the scent of frankincense and lemons floated in the air , sensuous and somehow alarming .
he leaned over her , so close she caught the scent of lemons and sandalwood .
that they had to leave pretty dresses and picture books and lovely sponge cake with lemon curd behind .
his nose caught the scent of lemons from her hair .
the scent of lemons was heady in his nostrils .
he held up a small lemon , no bigger than the tip of his thumb .
she craned her head up and saw him holding the halved lemon .
she jumped a little and smelled the lemon , sharper in the air .
she felt him press the curved , slick lemon rind to her flesh .
but here '' -he circled the top of her cleft with the lemon and then , abruptly and shockingly , pressed down- '' is a problem . ''
helen tried to contemplate his words while he continued to press the lemon so exquisitely against her .
he emphasized unlikely by tapping sharply with the lemon .
she was hot , the constant pressure of the cool lemon making her anxious .
he finally took the lemon away from her sensitive flesh , but now she felt contrarily bereft .
and he slid the halved lemon slowly into her .
he twisted inside her , did something , and then withdrew his fingers , leaving the lemon inside .
he licked carefully , delicately , through the flanges of her sex , as if he wanted to taste every drop of the spilled lemon juice .
` ` i do n't believe i shall ever taste a lemon and not think of you , '' he said conversationally .
to smell her intimate , womanly scent mingled with the scent of lemons , and to feel the warmth of her skin .
he held out his fist and opened it to reveal a lemon .
she swallowed , remembering when last they 'd used a lemon to prevent conception .
but if you wish to forgo this '' -he rolled the lemon between his fingers- '' that would make me very happy as well . ''
` ` i think , then , that i prefer we use this lemon for lemonade . ''
whether she imagined it or not , the scent of her husband was in the room : sandalwood and lemons , brandy and smoke .
he smelled of sandalwood and lemon soap .
the scent of lemons and sandalwood filled the room .
` ` and them only newly married , '' she lamented as she set dishes of lemon curd tart on a tray .
his mother had grown lemon balm in her garden in the backwoods of pennsylvania , and the scent pitched him back in time .
but lady emeline wore lemon balm , the scent of his mother 's garden .
and once in a while we discuss which is better , lemon custard or chocolate pudding ?
easy peasy lemon squeezy . ''
he simply needed to make a few adjustments , make lemonade from the proverbial lemons .
` ` so , what 's your lemon memory ? ''
every summer , they smelled like lemons .
she jabs a wedge of lemon at me and gives me a thumbs - up .
i shove the lemon in my mouth , and she smiles broadly .
after putting the lemon and shot glass on the coffee table , i slump back onto the couch and sigh .
he looked about as happy with this fact as he would to drink lemon juice , but he did n't push her away .
the faint lemon in the polish on the wood floor , the beating of her heart , the pain in her lungs , the deadly feel of metal against her skin .
or having paper cuts sliced onto my legs and then lemon juice poured onto them .
` ` we 're out of lemons for lemonade , '' i tell my dad as we munch on cereal .
each lavish piece of furniture is polished with lemon oil , each extravagant painting on the wall carefully dusted .
as she passed the sparkling glass wall of windows that framed their courtyard , she spotted her mother lounging on the stone - tiled veranda , holding an iced lemon tea in her hand and laughing wildly at something her new tennis instructor had apparently said .
` ` i hardly know the man , '' miss yarmouth said , her voice rising and her hand buffeting the aromatic lemon leaves .
i understand there is some effervescent drink with lemon in it .
all at once , the maids were gone , and they were alone- now in a far more intimate environment of warm , damp skin that had recently been bare , the scents of lavender , lemon and orange in the air , and fewer layers of clothing .
the chamber smelled a bit like tobacco , along with lemon or bergamot and something clean and spicy - possibly from his soap or hair pomade , although she could n't be certain if corvindale even used pomade .
she purses her lips before responding , looking like she 's just bitten into a slice of lemon .
let him suck on that lemon drop for a while .
` ` lemon meringue ? ''
why did i have to say lemon ? !
i wish we had some lemons right now .
i 'd get down on my knees and beg you to make me a lemon meringue pie . ''
could it be possible that the key to ian 's heart is a simple lemon pie ?
just got the last ingredient for my famous lemon bars .
her smile reminded me of a reaction to biting into a fresh lemon .
the recipe said to use lemon zest so i just squeezed it right in there .
maybe the lemon was too big . ''
` ` lemon zest ca n't be squeezed . ''
` ` well , why the f**k would anyone want to put lemon peels in a damn banana bread ? ''
` ` maybe because it gives a lemon flavor without the sourness ? ''
` ` more lemons ? ''
my lips pinch together like i just bit into a lemon .
i was just curious about whether you were born looking like you were sucking on a lemon or if the whole gloomy attitude is a lifestyle choice . ''
` ` standing at his side as in actively getting involved in the battle , or as in literally just standing there like lemons ? ''
` ` lemons , too .
` ` so , this is how it 's done , '' franklin , his hands encased in gloves , placed the lemons he 'd picked into the dividers inside a crate .
i held a lemon to my nose and sniffed it .
i prefer to get my lemons at the market , i think . ''
he grins at me , squirts some lemon juice onto his oyster , and then tips it into his mouth .
i squirt some lemon juice on it and tip it up .
my mom has decided on gazpacho soup and a barbecue with steaks marinated in olive oil , garlic , and lemon .
i flinch in anticipation , but he reaches for a slice of lemon .
his long , skilled fingers gently squeeze the lemon over the shellfish .
i have found salmon steaks in the fridge , and i ' m poaching them with lemon , making a salad , and boiling some baby potatoes .
i throw the rest of my lemon martini in her face , drenching her .
as i am adding a touch of salt and lemon to the mashed avocado , christian emerges from his study with the plans for the new house in his hands .
by the way , she made lemon cheesecake . ''
that will be followed by your main course of roasted lemon chicken with sage , thyme , and rosemary along with roasted root vegetables in a walnut dressing .
` ` caine , be nice to alexa , '' effie said , ` ` or you wo n't get a piece of the lemon meringue pie i made earlier . ''
` ` there 's lemon meringue pie ? ''
by the time we 'd finished the most delicious lemon meringue pie i 'd ever tasted in my life and caine stood up to clear the table and load the dishwasher , i 'd lost count of the many times he 'd surprised me that night .
we have a ton of lemons . ''
` ` when life gives you lemons ... '' richard begins .
` ` would you like the grilled chicken with sweet chili sauce or our grilled salmon with lemon caper butter ? ''
he looked less bad boy than he normally did , but still ... ` ` i ' m thinking lemon and lime , watermelon , and strawberry . ''
` ` and then take a bath in lemon juice . ''
the bartender returned with a shot of tequila , a slice of lemon laid across the top of the glass , and a cup of water .
in fact , i think she smiled as she bit into the slice of lemon .
` ` gin bitter lemon , '' she told the bartender .
she rolled her eyes and said , ` ` make that two gin bitter lemons . ''
half an hour later , the chicken lay in its pan , stuffed and basted , surrounded by crushed garlic , sprigs of rosemary , and curls of lemon peel .
` ` once you reach the indies , '' i said , handing miss cowden the paper , ` ` you must see that she eats a great deal of fruit - oranges , grapefruit , and lemons , particularly .
` ` a mixture of red wine and the juices of orange and lemon , '' lawrence stern was explaining .
i suspect that the old woman has added too many sliced lemons . ''
sure enough , the packet of chocolate biscuits was missing , as was a bottle of lemon squash , though everything else in the cupboard was in perfect order - and the cupboard was six feet off the ground .
he was red in the face , small shoulders hunched , and had a large string bag in one hand , through which roger could see a bottle of lemon squash , a loaf of bread , and a few other foodlike bulges .
in addition to bread and lemon squash , he saw , it held several apples , a large chunk of cheese , and a packet of chocolate biscuits .
brianna laid a soft hand on her daughter 's black curly hair - black as roger's - and her heart squeezed like a lemon .
` ` aye , '' said his uncle , wry as a lemon .
the punch was good , though made with preserved lemon peel , sweet , strong , and hot and made with good brandy as well as rum .
her mouth contracted into the type of pucker someone has after sucking on a lemon .
the bartender slides two shots across to us , each sporting a lemon wedge tucked on the rim , along with a salt shaker .
` ` lick the salt , drink the shot and then i 'll give you the lemon , okay ? ''
i bring the lemon wedge to her lips , swiping the fleshy part across them .
i shake salt onto the damp place and turn my lemon wedge backward , holding it to her lips .
the cave of her mouth is cool and still tastes of lemon and salt .
` ` i ' ve got tequila and lemons and salt and music at my house . ''
` ` you want salt and lemon ? ''
an hour later , as i wash the sliced lemons container on my end of the bar , i ' m still pondering my options while debating the likelihood that i have undiagnosed bipolar disorder .
i waste no time getting to work , uncapping liquor bottles , making sure the coolers are stocked and then setting about to start slicing lemons , limes and oranges .
kyle poured five shots full of something that smelled like lemons .
he took another swig of the honey and lemon that his steward had prepared for him .
he smelt of lemons and men .
there was a pack of shrivelled lemons and a half - empty jar of branston pickle .
' do n't stand there like a lemon , then .
aunt kathleen walked to the end of the veranda to put a large bowl of prawns and some lemon slices on the bleached wooden table with a large basket of bread .
there was a shed dunny out at the back , and a fresh jug of lemon squash made up daily for the thirsty .
she had built up the fire in my room - in the fireplace i had assumed was merely decorative - and as i shivered under several duvets , she brought up a concoction of her own , which included hot lemon , honey , something spicy and an equal measure of brandy .
two fingers of gin , a slice of lemon and a lot of tonic .
most of my clothes were safe , but so far i had recovered a hairdryer , my fake prada sunglasses and my favourite washbag with the lemons on it .
well , she could go without my bloody lemons washbag .
treena had moved out the previous weekend ( minus my lemons washbag - i retrieved that the night before she went ) .
i notice that it 's still warm and steamy from chelsea 's shower and the faint scent of lemon lingers in the air .
it was margaret with her ` ` i ' ve been sucking on lemons '' expression .
dakota ordered a mineral water with a slice of lemon .
she gave a quick glance around the kitchen and pointed at a pile of lemons and limes on the counter .
we sipped our drinks - sparkling water with lemon for her and a draft beer for me - and made small talk .
she gingerly squeezed a lemon over the oysters .
` ` you were going to tell me how much you like lemon gelato . ''
` ` i ' m not sure if i want lemon .
but lemon ?
when she ordered the lemon with a devilish grin , i nearly came in my jeans for the second time that night .
` ` i know you have a weakness for lemon cake . ''
` ` just get me some lemons .
yeah , those lemons did help .
some mornings i had n't been able to even get out of bed until i sucked on a lemon ...
some kind of lemon creme was what harper had finally decided on for the entire thing .
` ` is it the lemon creme ? ''
dallas winced and picked up her water glass with slices of lemon and lime floating around in it .
then he put his head in his hands , muttering something about smelling lemon tea , and collapsed on the desk .
he tossed one in his mouth and his face puckered like he had just tasted a lemon .
i found a website that said if i placed st . johns wort , sage , and sweet flag in a sachet , lit candles , and said a poem about lemons , salt , and water i d be free of any curse .
i place a single tea bag in the solitary cup and a slice of lemon on the saucer .
the limo pulled into nexus apartments parking garage and dropped off the women and after some time , the two of them sipped on hot lemon zinger in silence as they sat in the living room .
its even more beautiful fired up and served with chips for lunch , a sprig of parsley on top and a slice of lemon on the side .
azziz arrives with mugs of toddy , steaming hot and full of cloves and lemon juice .
i cook the fish , baking it in foil with sliced peppers , lemons and herbs , and serve it up with yummy new potatoes from freud 's garden .
he looked just as winston had remembered a scrawny , early model humanite design with a chronic sour expression on his face , like a human being who d just sucked on a lemon .
we might be able to make some questionably drinkable lemonade out of these lemons , still .
he drew his head close to mine and i could smell the sweet aroma of lemons faintly on his face .
the sheriff wore a sour expression the whole way , like he d just sucked on a blue - ribbon lemon .
the woman had eyed cristal carefully , her lips pursed together as if she had just eaten a bucket of lemons .
you look as if you just sucked a lemon .
sye thought he smelled lemons .
jugs and bottles were slammed onto the table , and they were filled with grapes floating on amber mead , frothy cold drinks , coffee thick with gritty cocoa sludge , and chilled water served with chunks of red melon and crushed lemons .
i took a long drink , the water was flavored with a bit of lemon , i put the glass down and felt an enormous wave of exhaustion flow over me .
the taste of lemon and lime .
some have it with a slice of lemon .
your numbers up , or three lemons .
if they give you lemons , learn how to sell them as grapes .
i only buy lemons if i get to pelt , the person that sold them to me , in the eye , jen said as she threw soft punches at jims stomach .
see , those lemons leave marks , ca nt have , wo nt , fred said sarcastically as he moaned like jen was hurting him .
but hey , when life gives you lemons ...
that vendor by the palms sells a good lemon liqueur . ''
he had arrived with three lemon liqueurs in hand .
tiesha was silent , drinking some yellow liquid which looked like lemon juice .
it just shows how sour lifes lemons are .
the recruits mouth wrinkled into something resembling a craggy lemon .
trudy the waitress tromped back towards their table carrying two huge plates of meat , two pieces of lemon meringue pie , and big mugs of coffee , somehow managing not to spill anything as she bounced her way around the increasingly rowdy throb of patrons .
james exclaimed , but thanks , i bought it for five lemons ... we all stopped , needing a second to laugh at that .
she snorted in disgust , taking a long swig of water laced with lemon .
he looked more like he 'd just swallowed a lemon while sitting on a drawing pin .
it involved the juice of many lemons combining with much meat .
did they gossip as they sipped chamomile with lemon and sugar ?
there s no cream or sugar , so the tea tastes bland but its better than anticipated , warm lemon simmering on my tongue .
she s just doing damage control , nathan said , matter - of - factly , while sprinkling lemon on the fish .
ill get you a glass of iced tea , with lots of lemon , kaitlyn said , getting up .
they had two dozen oysters harmoniously bedded in seaweed on crushed ice with quarters of lemon .
evans went and bought a pint each for him and zev , and he got me a lemon squash .
hot tea with honey and lemon .
eight round beads shone brightly within ; four the size of flattened tennis balls , the other four no larger than lemons .
sometimes life gives you lemons and there s bugger all that you can do about it .
` ` all i said was it looks like she 's permanently sucking lemons . ''
who tastes lemon sherbet in snow these days , frank ?
` ` oh , goodness , '' she said , ` ` what if you do look like an awful lemon ?
tonight 's meal was sligpork in a sauce of soy and molasses , minimal melange , a touch of basil and lemon .
his face was narrow , almost pinched , and in the absence of any other expression , he looked like he had just taken a big bite of alum - sprinkled lemon rind .
` ` what do you expect to find a dung beetle pushing along the road -- sour lemon balls ? ''
they 're unnatural , the way they live , in those barracks , and always out trying to plant orchards , oranges or lemons , you know .
if that was n't a squirt of lemon juice in god 's eye , i did n't know what was .
- gowachin aphorism the odalarm awoke jorj x. mckie with a whiff of lemon .
there were lemons on his floating island , banks of hibiscus and carpets of spicy alyssum .
his bowered cottage lay in the path of perfumed breezes and the lemon ...
and garraty could smell panic coming off curley in waves , and it was like the smell of a ripe , freshly cut lemon .
now he saw , with intense physical aversion , half - empty bottles of bourbon and sparkling water , lemons , bitters , and ice cube trays on the sideboard in the kitchen .
the only tea she liked was iced tea , with so much lemon and sugar added that it was basically lemonade with caffeine .
in frozen foods , two women are fighting over the last pepperidge farm lemon cake .
you know what they say - when life hands you lemons , make lemonade . '
he looked at her , letting the lemons drop but snatching the guava out of the air .
` ` how juggling lemons fits into it all . ''
i put up my hand and felt the bump ; it seemed to be as big as a lemon .
barrows inclined his head toward a coffee table on which stood a bottle of vodka , lemons , mixer , lime juice and ice cubes and glasses .
` ` you do n't understand ... '' she shook her head , holding her mouth as if she 'd unexpectedly bitten into a lemon .
the sound , though very faint , was the auditory version of biting a lemon .
just sitting there like a cellist in a symphony orchestra he 'd been , only with a rust - speckled handsaw spread across his open legs ; jake remembered the expression of comic horror on mrs . shaw 's face , and the quiver of her pressed - together lips , as if - yes , as if she 'd just bitten into a lemon .
oranges grown this far north of the warm latitudes were probably almost as sour as lemons .
like sweet , tart lemon pie and ice - cold water .
` ` they may come here and share our breakfast , '' temeraire said , indicating the great pit where gong su had made them a great thickened wheat porridge flavored with venison and greens and preserved lemons .
to his parents ' astonishment he went to bed early , and then lay under the blankets until after midnight with a torch , the magazines , and a bag of lemon drops .
right at the bottom , all alone in the center of the bright cold floor , was a lemon drop .
the marquis looked as if he had been forced to swallow a pulped lemon .
it was bounded by barbed - wire fences and clumps of cactus thick with blossoms the color of lemon cream .
for a moment the room smelled of lemons , and then it simply smelled as if something was burning .
maybe sold them a lemon .
` ` like the top of a lemon meringue , '' his xo had commented .
but the path made by the sno - cats and ski - doos had ground the lemon meringue sastrugi flat , leaving a worn track through the crisp waves .
` ` soda water and lemon .
he tasted lemon at the back of his throat and swallowed twice to stop himself from throwing up .
discomfort pursed amos ' lips like he 'd sucked on an old lemon .
the mech was the yellow of fresh lemons and police tape .
the smell of sugar and lemon filled the air .
` ` failed to save a lemon cake , apparently , '' baasen said lightly .
then the little plant analogs in the plain behind her hut would fold their photosynthetic surfaces into tight puckers like tiny green mouths that had tasted lemon , and twenty minutes later the town and the ruins and the sky would all disappear in a wave of dry sand .
each table sported a jar filled with lemons .
cress beamed when she recognized them and ached to tell thorne about the lemons , but managed to smother her excitement .
the drink smelled faintly of lemons .
as the mist washed over him , bringing with it the usual , if incongruous , smell of limes and lemons , he did not panic .
we 'll be able to squeeze the land of the cyrgai like a lemon at that point . '
` ` your concoction leaves just the faintest aftertaste of lemon , '' sadi replied .
he looked like he 'd just bitten into a very sour lemon .
all that daenerys wanted back was the big house with the red door , the lemon tree outside her window , the childhood she had never known .
inside the manse , the air was heavy with the scent of spices , pinchfire and sweet lemon and cinnamon .
` ` there 's going to be lemon cakes and tea , '' sansa went on , all adult and reasonable .
sam loved to listen to music and make his own songs , to wear soft velvets , to play in the castle kitchen beside the cooks , drinking in the rich smells as he snitched lemon cakes and blueberry tarts .
later came sweetbreads and pigeon pie and baked apples fragrant with cinnamon and lemon cakes frosted in sugar , but by then sansa was so stuffed that she could not manage more than two little lemon cakes , as much as she loved them .
later came sweetbreads and pigeon pie and baked apples fragrant with cinnamon and lemon cakes frosted in sugar , but by then sansa was so stuffed that she could not manage more than two little lemon cakes , as much as she loved them .
` ` are there any lemon cakes ? ''
the kitchen yielded no lemon cakes , but they did find half of a cold strawberry pie , and that was almost as good .
a man was pushing a load of tarts by on a two - wheeled cart ; the smells sang of blueberries and lemons and apricots .
` ` a lemon , or ... or any kind . ''
arya would have given anything for a cup of milk and a lemon cake , but the brown was n't so bad .
hobb had given him a lemon , still cold from the wall .
mormont drank lemon in his beer every day , and claimed that was why he still had his own teeth .
tyrion lannister could not have been more astonished if aegon the conqueror himself had burst into the room , riding on a dragon and juggling lemon pies .
raisins and nuts and dried berries , but no lemon , that was the rankest sort of southron heresy - which was queer , since he always took lemon in his morning beer .
raisins and nuts and dried berries , but no lemon , that was the rankest sort of southron heresy - which was queer , since he always took lemon in his morning beer .
shall we have a bite of boar together , and some lemon cakes ? ''
chapter twelve tyrion the eunuch was humming tunelessly to himself as he came through the door , dressed in flowing robes of peach - colored silk and smelling of lemons .
` ` do you think sharna might have lemons down in that cellar of hers ? ''
` ` a dornish girl once cooked me duck with lemons . ''
with lemons .
` ` lemons .
and where would we get lemons ?
` ` they can call it lemon pie for all i care .
` ` lemons ? ''
` ` a purple fleld strewn with lemons ?
` ` the ember and the lemon come to honor me again , and his grace the lord of corpses . ''
his mouth will taste of lemons , and mine of bones .
he had bathed in lemonwater , she judged , but no lemon could mask so much sour sweat .
a serving man placed a slice of hot pigeon pie in front of tyrion and covered it with a spoon of lemon cream .
there children frolicked naked in the sun , music played in tiled courtyards , and the air was sharp with the smell of lemons and blood oranges .
others farther back let fly with lemons , limes , and oranges , crying ` ` war !
one of the guards was hit in the eye with a lemon , and the captain himself had an orange splatter off his foot .
cersei took a sip : water , mixed with lemon squeezings , so tart she spit it out .
she took another swallow of lemon water and sloshed it round her mouth to freshen her breath .
beyond a line of stony hills the grass grew greener and more lush , and there were lemon orchards watered by a spider 's web of old canals .
the kid had been roasted with lemon and honey .
` ` will they be lemon cakes ? ''
lord robert loved lemon cakes , perhaps because alayne did .
` ` i want a hundred lemon cakes and five tales ! ''
` ` lemons ?
did you find some lemons ? ''
she had promised sweetrobin lemon cake , and for lemon cake you needed lemons .
she had promised sweetrobin lemon cake , and for lemon cake you needed lemons .
she had promised sweetrobin lemon cake , and for lemon cake you needed lemons .
lady sybell looked as if she had swallowed a lemon .
boiled eggs and lemon water . ''
or water boiled with lemons . ''
stannis called to devan for more lemon water .
the sea would be swifter , but if she does not have the ships ... by the time griff appeared on deck , the pike was spitting and sizzling over the brazier whilst ysilla hovered over it with a lemon , squeezing .
the soup was made with eggs and lemons , the long green peppers stuffed with cheese and onions .
and then she ' ll bake us all a lemon pie and kiss our widdle wounds and make them better , the dwarf thought .
it was very tart , like biting into a lemon .
a thousand years ago , she had known a girl who loved lemon cakes .
he beckoned to kezmya and had her fetch the priestess a goblet of lemon juice , sweetened with honey .
sammy mouth 's formed a sour lemon pout .
not so crazy about the lemon .
` ` when life gives you lemons , you make lemonade is what i say . ''
the whole place smelled like lemons .
bring mefour lattesme , iced skinny latte , an ice peppermint white chocolate mocha , and two caramel macchiato , a tray of lemon drizzle loafs , marshmallow twizzles , chocolate cookies , red velvet whoopie pies , and granola bars.and bring over four gift cards pause .
without another word , blue decided the conversation with her brother was over , and ducked out from in front of him to fill up a glass with blood and lemon before exiting the kitchen in silence .
there were bottles of champagne , wine , brandy , and cognac , as well as sherbet punch in a big bowl with pieces of lemon and berries floating on the surface .
alright , willie , go to the kitchen and bring me a jar and a couple of lemons .
and lemons .
when willie came back with a jar and lemons and put them on the table , eric told him to approach the musicians when the mazurka ended and to tell them to play something fast .
now eric was juggling with bottles , glasses , lemons , and the jar , which he used as a cocktail shaker , throwing the liquid out of it and back into the jar .
the house had a fresh smell to it ; like bleach and lemon cleaner .
you look like you just ate a lemon .
your last girlfriend was whitney wheeler , and i m guessing she did something really bad to you because every time i say her name you get this screwed up look on your face , like you just bit into a sour lemon .
yeah , well , that does nt hold up if you buy a lemon !
jill 's voice , smooth and sweet , like warm lemon taffy , soon answers .
he lit a candle , and put out water goblets with a lemon slice just in time .
she made sweet tea and served it in tall glasses with ice , a lemon slice and little parasols with japanese cherry blossoms .
though , i did put a little lemon into it .
and if you have any suspicion , here is a new glass of water , less the lemon .
why do nt you and your father go to port blue and get me some lemons .
alright , alice said as i watched her cut up a lemon .
poached salmon and lemon zest crme frache , topped with king prawn .
his face screws up as if he s sucked a lemon .
we were having tacos that night and she needed lemons .
loki waved his hand , and puckered his lips like he d eaten a lemon .
a mixture of iron sulfate and water , or the juice from a lemon , would create what was known as invisible ink .
she moved her hand away as my mom now approached with her famous lemon cheesecake .
she acknowledged my presence with a nod and then went back to shaving the zest from a lemon .
mom continued to shave each lemon one by one until their outsides were no longer yellow .
gawking was rude ; lemon on a stinging wound .
i got the plastic lemon from the fridge and squeezed some of its concentrate into the mix .
the party had been well - meant and i appreciated my flatmates for going to the effort , but honesty my seventeenth was sucking pretty bad lemons right now .
she crouched behind a boulder and collected a pile of rocks , the size of lemons , and waited for the fox to get closer .
but you re still our little lemon .
she knew lemons mother could nt afford home school , much less make sure blond girl did the packets on her own without the aid of google .
lemon signed the word for lemon .
so the sign you showed me meant lemon ?
mr . gret tended to take the last 15 minutes of class to have the class learn sign language so that they could better communicate with lemon .
back at the school , lemons mother and sister were standing in the front office .
at the esmerald resident , lemons mother , sherbet , and her sister , lime , were sitting at the kitchen table with some police officers .
she grabbed the blue pajama top out of the laundry basket in lemons pale lavender room .
please lemon , wake up !
like people call me lemon .
our nicknames have been lime and lemon since i was a baby .
her name is lemon .
since both cheveyo and lemon seemed to get along well , sherbet offered to allow rock and cheveyo to stay at her residence .
while lemon could nt exactly speak with vocal cords , the green eye boy had opened her eyes to the fact that it did nt matter .
and my sweet lemon glaze .
we were trying to make my mothers sweet lemon glaze , lily laughed .
it smelled like lemon .
yet , his voice came to them from what seemed like a far - off place and basha thought that fato yelled , lemons , guys !
with lots of ice and a squeeze of lemon .
if i tried that line on the guy who s now sprinting off to find holly her extra - special water with a squeeze of lemon ( ca nt wait for those slow drinks waiters ) , he d probably point me to a tap and walk away .
the whole room smelt of lemon fresh scent .
she smelt of washing powder and the lemon cleaner that had been in the first bathroom .
she got us some drinks ( fizzy lizzy lemonade with real lemon ) and snacks ( salt and vinegar kettle chips ; snack - wise she was admittedly scoring a lot of points with me ) and then showed me to her bedroom .
i m enjoying it just fine , earl said , smiling as he turned to look at a man juggling a sword , shield , and lemon pie .
that would account for how sour - faced miss hedges no longer stalks the corridors looking like she s always snacking on lemons .
while camilla started scrubbing her cheeks with lemons and pressing her tight curls between flat irons , i vomited .
mother ordered two vegetarian specials at the bar , along with a bitter lemon with ice for jen , and a very large gin and tonic for herself .
` ` i ' m going to treat myself to another drink before we go , would you like another bitter lemon dear ? ''
i , personally , enjoy waltzing with a lemon twist of hip shaking rock and roll music .
it smells like pine and lemons and home .
a red onion , a large lemon , a can of organic garbanzo beans , and a jar of tahini paste also ended up in my cart .
i gave her a quick recap of the ingredientsgarbanzo beans , olive oil , tahini , lemon juice , salt , and red pepper .
one of those that advertised it was made with real lemons and fresh squeezed .
the last time we went , we joked that the only squeezed part was the lemon garnish that they added at the end to make it seem authentic .
i was transported by his porcini mushroom risotto accompanied by lemon scaloppini and followed by an arugula salad .
* * * * i just bought some lemon granita and sweet , soft grissini breadsticks .
it was warm but not scorchingeven if it seemed to be boiling on the surfaceand the flavor was nothing like the color ; it was refreshing like lemon but red like blood .
however , after close examination of the testimonies that have been presented to us over the past few days , all of us , elder eleni glared at elder etl who looked as though he had swallowed a lemon , feel that there is not enough evidence to find you guilty of these charges .
she loved its lemon fresh scent in the morning .
she set down a pair of water glasses , each with a slice of lemon on the rim .
there were no streetlights or lights from stores , and the night was almost completely black except for a moon like a slice of lemon .
i knew she was going to cry , she makes this face when she 's going to , like she 's swallowed a lemon .
she dipped her pale finger over the edge and placed a wedge of lemon there before darting to me .
i picked up subtle notes of basil and lemon .
i looked at rhea and saw her face twist as if she sucked on a bitter lemon .
i m covered in powdered sugar from the cookies , and i probably taste like lemons , i say with a laugh .
not a tumor , an area about the size of a lemon that is thickened like a bruise .
by the time the company tucked into the lemon and apple pies , malin was content .
the man looked like he had just got done eating a dozen sour lemons .
we look weird , my face scrunched up , and kai looks like he sucked a lemon .
they re varnished lemon pips .
we moved from the bar to sit down and i noticed a particular fragrance as he shook his long hair from his eyes , fruity again , limes or lemons .
then the smell of fruit and the faint sound of lemon pips was before me again .
tea , then , with a slice of lemon , that would refresh him .
he took a teabag from the box , dropped it into the cleanest cup he could find , then curled his fingers around the lemon which sat in the middle of the breadboard .
when he picked up the lemon , however , the breadboard came with it .
he shook the lemon but the board stayed fast , turned it this way and that and saw that the two had been super - glued together .
he threw the lemon to the floor , noting that the board still clung obstinately to it , then turned to that portion of the wall which was devoted to work in progress .
there , low down near the floor , next to ceris ink - blot improvisations , he saw still life with lemon , a not too accurate pencil sketch of what should have been his hangover cure .
the middle aged woman drank down her bitter lemon , blew her nose in a lace trimmed handkerchief and left , clucking at teachers profanities as she passed .
' do nt knock it until you ve tried it , ' said virginia , with a nod to the bitter lemon he was drinking .
we lingered afterward , sipping on lemon water and chatting about historical events aidan had witnessed .
and there was the mouth , lips puckered like he d been sucking lemons .
they become bitter and eat lemons .
who is gon na eat lemons ?
rey could see the lemons on each tree .
rey noticed the lemons , some more oblong than others .
you will need to eat lemons from the three lemon trees while the medication goes global .
each student is to pick one lemon from the trees .
there s three lemon trees across from it and they re gon na take the lemons .
i say we cut them down and take the lemons .
i think the lemons are just like a symbol of what alexa wants the ninth grade to do , christy said .
cut the trees down , take the lemons , rey said .
its lemon juice and purple dye .
and they ll probably find out that all the lemons have been taken and that the trees have been cut down .
they all ended up finding the trees cut down and the lemons missing .
is it lemon juice because its supposed to be the taste of decaying avocados ?
his skin just seems to ever so slightly smell of an intoxicating mix of lemons , oranges and milk chocolate .
her lips were puckered like she was sucking on a lemon .
` ` my favorite was lemon meringue , but her chocolate pie was nearly as good . ''
she tilted her head to the side , eyeing a guy lifting up a crate of lemons .
i entered the stand , the crate of fresh lemons in between us and dunked my hands into the mass of lemons .
i entered the stand , the crate of fresh lemons in between us and dunked my hands into the mass of lemons .
he leaned forward , grabbing a lemon from the crate , tossing it in the air with a quick flick of the wrist and catching it again with ease .
so are you gon na ride my ass every time i say something stupid , he sneered , and then grabbed a lemon from the crate and held it out in the space between us .
rolling my eyes and ignoring his extended arm , i grabbed a lemon and turned toward the juicer on the table .
come here and bring a lemon .
he dropped his lemon , selected another one and stood close enough that his shoulder lightly grazed mine .
i grabbed my lemon and shook it in front of him to get his attention .
rolling my eyes again , i demonstrated how to use the juicer with half a lemon .
then i mixed the clubs signature syrup in with the fresh lemon juice .
jills lips pucker like she s bitten into a lemon .
take your lemons and make lemonade my father had always told me .
lemonade out of lemons i thought with a quiet laugh to myself as i took a seat for my next class .
ms . kale glares , her lips puckering like she bit into a lemon .
stewie had taken his place at the table with sukhi on his right , wading into a gigantic lemon meringue pie , and another boy on his left who was cutting out and eating only the yolks from a plate of fried eggs .
you know that saying about what you should do when life deals you a lemon ?
nothing because you have nt been dealt a lemon .
fluky deftly punctured a hole in his carton with the nail of his thumb and squeezed the container like a lemon .
connie grimaced as if she had just sucked on a lemon .
he watched as the two officers and anderson left the room with faces as if they had just sucked sour lemons .
accompanying them , a handful of mushrooms , a red pepper and two lemons .
into the openings that had been created by the disembowelments , he placed a small knob of butter and a slice of lemon ; seasoning with salt and black pepper .
turn your lemons into lemonade ?
she catches him while she s in this mood , shell do i m like a lemon tart !
it is rose and lemon grass .
she paces back out into the living room , into the sun room that faces west , whose narrow walls between the windows scream lemon , to stand in front of the window next to the front door .
were dipping those clammers in butter and lemon juice .
he squeezed lemon juice over them and added a couple drops of tabasco to each .
the wine was rich , buttery , with nuances of honey , pear , and lemon .
he pulled his lobster bib off , wiped his hands in the lemon water .
about nine o'clock i was helping a doctor sew up a man who 'd cut his finger slicing lemons with a sharp knife .
maybe b'stilla , one of monsieur chris ' favorites , or a nice tajine using the preserved lemons she had prepared weeks earlier , with olives and raisins .
she looked back at the screen and said , like she was chewing lemons , anthony samuels .
oh , and a large iced tea with lemon and a side salad with ranch .
he threw the cloth at dennis head , where it landed with a happy flopping noise and filled his nostrils with the smells of lemon and dust .
the living room still had an aroma of lemon pledge .
she picked up my beer and took a sip , then made a face as if shed bitten into a lemon .
the knapps did nt have a proper smoker , so we baked them with a little worcestershire sauce and lemon juice with butter and salt and pepper .
whatever the cause , the man hit the grass like a sack of lemons .
i picked up my drink and saw that it had a slice of lemon instead of lime .
did you get really hammered on cheap wine or lemon gin ? ''
i stood over oakes with the bucket poised and asked jay , ` ` do you think he prefers a twist of lemon with his scotch and water ? ''
easy peasy , lemon squeezy .
iced tea , please , i requested , unsweetened , with lemon .
the opulence of that south american verandah where they were surrounded by jonquils and orchids , by alabaster amphorae , by candle - flames stirring atop tables full of mangos and oranges , lemons and limes , prime rib and fresh seafood , were far removed from their current canadian predicament .
he loved the flowers of crete , and the afternoon was fragrant with the scent of jasmine and lemon blossoms .
throw them all together with a little oregano , lemon juice , and olive oil , and the traditional side dish of greece was theirs .
and there he sat , with his china teacup , a pair of silver tongs poised to select a wafer thin slice of lemon .
forte turned and watched the man behind the bar as he sliced lemons and scooped the slices into a clear glass container with a snap - on lid .
each lemon slice looked exactly the same as the slice before it , from where forte sat .
but when life gives you lemons and they are deathly sour no need to play that role in front of you , good .
` ` a lemon , lime and bitters please , '' said ben .
she handed ben his and said ` ` lemon , lime and bitters for you , '' she then sauntered over to jay .
after a quick taste of his lemon , lime and bitters , he continued .
` ` you expect me to talk about anna with only a lemon , lime and bitters on the table ? ''
` ` marla , i d like a tea with some lemon please and the detective here '' ` ` i m okay thanks , '' jay informed her , lowering himself into the comfort of the easy chair .
it worked out great that we liked minimal sugar and a wedge of lemon not squeezed .
his skin flushed a bright green and his eyes darkened and grew to the size and shape of lemons .
the blonde , robed in thick red cotton , brought him a glass of sweetened tea with a wedge of lemon and placed it on the coffee table at his side .
i mean i can understand someone enjoying the smell of lemons , but sometimes moderation really is the best policy .
there was nt any smell of lemon in the car that eddie could detect .
there definitely was nt a lemon odor .
several different kinds of hors doeuvres , the little barbecued weenies i know you like , about ten kinds of cheese and crackers , sweetwater for those who do nt like or want champagne , scotch and vodka along with mixers , and about five kinds of pies , including lemon meringue and coconut cream .
shelley cut a lemon in half and squeezed some juice into her iced tea glass .
a woman with a pair of legs that could squeeze a lemon dry bought $ 500 worth of shoes one afternoon .
sally sipped her fresh lemon soda .
they were hot , covered in sizzling barbecue sauce with a dash of lemon .
just when she thinks he s headed off to work already , he returns inside with an odd look on his face , as if he had just eater a very bitter lemon .
i would like the tiger prawn sashimi with ponzu balsamic dressing , fragrant shoot mixed salad with a hint of lemon and lime .
a slice of lemon and an apple wedge were lying close by .
a half - empty pitcher of sangra , apple wedges , lemon peels , and orange slices littered the coffee table in the servants lounge .
ice no lemon .
no lemon .
silly tart , he tuts , fishing out half a bruised lemon from his drink .
he jabs at the left button and a lemon appears at the top of the reel - he presses again - a jack .
every step of the way , familiar faces stared jessica down with disapproving frowns , lemon juice lips .
our catch is a pan - seared , pepper - crusted ahi tuna , white wine and lemon - basil , served with sesame saffron rice and stir - fried local greens .
after that , maybe squeeze a lemon wedge right in his beady little eyes .
ill have a lemon drop .
his face screwed up like he d bitten into a lemon every time he put the tiny clay cup to his lips .
and then when it came it had a slice of lemon in it .
he grabbed his coat from the track , drained his coffee cup and left sarah to finish his lemon slice .
i think ill get some pie , she said , picking up the menu again , and ordered lemon meringue .
he looks like he swallowed a lemon whenever you come near .
then , lemon , i think .
oranges and lemons say the ` ` no !
she also picked a few oranges , limes , and lemons growing from the citrus trees in back yards .
behind his eyelids , jagged lime and lemon shapes slicing at the jelly of his eyeballs .
savage summer ruth bainbridge when life gives you lemons , be sure to spit the pits out of that lemonade you re making .
he would have loved a couple more but one was his limit when on the job , so he had a couple pint glasses of lemon squash to replace the lost fluids and then drove back to darwin , following a red ball of the setting sun , falling towards a smoky horizon .
the scent of lemon in the airin spite of the fact that the place looked too clean , perhaps a little too much like a museum that was n't lived in for kerrin 's taste , he had to admit to himself that he had fallen in love with the building as soon as he had seen it .
many locals drink tea with calamansi as europeans drink tea with lemon or lime .
she will have a vodka tonic , twist of lemon .
it should be followed immediately by a vodka tonic , twist of lemon .
loosely balanced above an undone collar , wagners head had been put together with the broadest strokes of the brush which gave the impression , you see , that not only was he was sucking on a lemon but enjoying the taste .
the door swung open , and a short , trim , uniformed man with a pencil - thin mustache entered , a look on his face like he d spent the morning sucking on lemons .
the narrow wooden deck looked down over the steep slope of the garden , a jungle of roses , ivy , passionfruit , jasmine , bougainvillea and other tropical plants not known to me , a tree laden with lemons and near the bottom another tree , huge and gnarled , which i thought was a plum .
i made lemonade from the lemons on the tree in the garden , and rosewater according to the recipe in storms book , in the blue and yellow jar which i knew had been precious to her for reasons i would probably never know .
francis went on the website said lead gets leached out of glazed vessels by acid fluids such as whisky , cider , lemon juice and coffee .
he wished she was well again and talked about the good old days over lemon tea .
she was drinking ice tea with lemon .
nightingale sat back in his chair and pushed the slice of lemon down the neck of the corona bottle .
* * * nightingale sat at the bar and pushed the slice of lemon down into the neck of his bottle of corona .
at points , water with lemon wedges were brought out to clean your fingers !
she stands at the counter with knife in hand , slicing lemons for mixed drinks .
she made a face as if shed just sucked the mother of all lemons .
i quickly added the unequivocal , d. this was the boxing equivalent of tying both hands behind my back and squirting lemon juice in my eyes .
the only people there were an old couple in a back corner booth who looked like they d just finished having a legion fight and caitlin at a table sipping a glass of lemon water .
all were sitting on a bed of dirty rice , garnished with a sprig of parsley and two lemons .
a pint of lager for me ( no chaser ) and small glasses filled with colourless liquid and ice for both of them , a slice of lemon thrown in .
raking the man with a crisp , impersonal smile , caulder thanked the waiter , then instructed him to bring her some lemon slices for the salad and a fresh glass of ice water , this time in a clean glass if possible .
the waiter delivered danny 's food , then returned with caulder 's lemons and ice water .
sixteen squeezing the lemon danny entered holly springs more cautiously this time .
she was now completely soaked from head to toe and the old adage , when life gives you lemons , make lemonade entered her head .
i invited myself along with them on a cruise in jacksons sailboat , named , lemon drop , with a lie that i loved to sail .
a nurse brought iced lemon tea and the conversation edged forward until tom asked : ` ` so what will you do when you get out of here , jim ? ''
rob sat on the opposite side of the booth sipping on the sweet tea with lemon and offered hawk a permanent position as us deputy marshal with the birmingham office .
archie crinkled his forehead : the rest of his face looking like he had chewed a lemon .
the pain from these losses mixed in with his iced tea like a bitter lemon peel .
the smell of lemons danced on my nostrils .
strange expression on his face , like he d experienced something painful , or took a bite of a lemon .
like he was sucking a lemon .
bex stuffs four crumpets into the toaster and gets a tub of margarine out of the fridge , which is , save for a small lump of cheddar with a hard rind , and a couple of half cut lemons , almost empty .
her long , glossy hair lay flat against her shoulders , still damp from a shower and redolent of ginger and lemon .
the sign read , lemons private strip .
gin , lemon juice , sugar , dash of soda water .
behind the cash counter sat an old woman with a teardrop tattoo and a face like a lemur chewing lemons , reading a book titled are you too nice to succeed ?
or how he cut off a debtors foot ; how marcus decapitated the car dealer who sold him a lemon ; how he killed this woman and her kid and then burned them in a warehouse for i do nt know what reason .
an absolute lemon drop .
over breakfast i 'd heard her tell my mother that she 'd decided the proper remedy would be a strong dose of castor oil , lemon , and some black herb she grew in a window box .
sunday lunch on eva 's table was a typical southern feast of fried meats , fresh garden vegetables - boiled , battered , baked , and raw , homemade rolls and biscuits , two gravies , watermelon , cantaloupe , peach cobbler , lemon pie , and strawberry shortcake .
` ` lemon ! ''
` ` earl grey with lemon '' ` ` indeed . ''
he followed the muffin with a piece of lemon pie , for a sugar hit .
well , we went to the pub and got two bottles of gin and an armful of bitter lemon , and he insisted on paying for the gin so i paid for the lemon .
well , we went to the pub and got two bottles of gin and an armful of bitter lemon , and he insisted on paying for the gin so i paid for the lemon .
he sat down and ordered a double medium - dry vodka martini , on the rocks , with lemon peel , and edged his feet up against ruby 's .
it was something black , something the size of a big lemon that was bouncing along gaily like a child 's rubber ball .
everyone else seemed to be drinking champagne except mr . hendriks , who stood away from the group and nursed a schweppes bitter lemon .
leiter ordered medium - dry martinis with a slice of lemon peel .
leiter extracted the lemon peel from his martini and chewed it reflectively .
large slice of lemon peel . ''
there was a medium dry martini with a piece of lemon peel waiting for him .
the waiter brought the martinis , shaken and not stirred , as bond had stipulated , and some slivers of lemon peel in a wine glass .
it was natural to bring out the small change and jerk the handles and watch the lemons and the oranges and the cherries and the bell - fruits whirl round to their final click - pause - ting , followed by a soft mechanical sigh .
he signalled to the waiter and ordered vodka dry martinis with lemon peel .
m 's mouth turned downwards at the corners as if he had just sucked at a lemon .
bond said , ` ` and i would like a medium vodka dry martini - with a slice of lemon peel .
with a slice of lemon peel . '
at six o'clock bond went down to the bar and had a large vodka and tonic with a slice of lemon peel .
no , in cafes you have to drink the least offensive of the musical comedy drinks that go with them , and bond always had the same thing - an americano - bitter campari , cinzano , a large slice of lemon peel and soda .
be a good chap and mix us two large dry martinis without olives and with some slices of lemon peel separate .
his face was set in a furious , jeering expression , as if someone had just forced a whole lemon into his mouth and then jammed his jaws together .
she smelled of lemon scent and was dressed in clean denim which had been carefully pressed .
fried fritters filled with fresh cheese and grated lemon rind , dusted with bitter honey and sugar .
when she was strong enough to move about , she spent her days tending the colorful gardens in the grounds of the convent , in the incandescent light that bathed greece in a celestial glow , with the soft winds carrying the pungent aroma of lemons and vines .
the drive to acrocorinth was a long one , on winding roads that meandered through the lush countryside , redolent with the odors of grapes and lemons and hay .
i also grabbed rambo , a proven commodity , in case the twilight man should prove to be a lemon , but rambo never got out of the box that night .
when life hands you a bag of lemons , we can help you make lemonade !
the scent of sweet lemons accompanied her entrance .
an aide woke teddy at midnight with lemon tea and a vegetable sandwich .
the tea was strong on lemon and short on sugar .
` ` rum , hot tea , and lemon will relieve you .. .. now , what are these leaks and how can i -assist you ? ''
molnar insisted on ordering for both of them , a nastily sweet cocktail called a causeway spray that involved whiskey , ginger ale , triple sec and lemon .
her hair smelled of lemon .
willard looked like he was sucking on a lemon .
` ` i 'll say this for you , mr . lavalle , you certainly know how to make lemonade from lemons . ''
the room smelled of her - of lemons and musk , a combination that set off a stirring below his belly .
frankly , i ' m partial to spare ribs and lemon chicken . ''
` ` oranges and lemons ... '' beria said in a singsong tone .
reggie poured her tea from a different pitcher , and doctored it with sweetener and lemon .
she poured the oil from the pan and added wine and lemon juice until it was boiling .
just water , with lemon .
french sucked on a lemon and said , ` ` i ' m not sure thirty million is enough for you . ''
esau fixed sweet tea with lemon , and when he returned from the inside of the house he quietly slid a double - barrel shotgun behind the rocker , within his reach but out of her sight .
as smith headed toward an information desk , he noted department - store - style escalators that led up to patients ' rooms on the floors above , bright arrows pointing to the operating theaters , and , infusing the air , a light scent reminiscent of johnson 's lemon wax .
the room was gloomy but immaculate , and it smelled of lemon oil .
` ` ice tea , please , lemon and sugar , '' she said , and crossed her legs .
she sniffed the dank fragrance and thought she detected the odor of cats mixed with a scent of lemon polish .
maybe lemon .
` ` it 's like you got lemon , and that 's nice , and you got meringue , and that 's nice , too , but when you put them together , you ' ve got ... a whole new taste treat .
` ` you look like you just ate a lemon . ''
dish for lemon wedges .
sparkling pitchers of water , floating with sliced lemons , awaited them .
the man smiles a mouthful of awful , rotting teeth and spits a white piece of candy onto the ground - smells like ... lemons .
he smelled strange , of windex and lemons .
she said he smelled like lemons .
his face , in fact , wore the permanent expression of a man biting deep into the flesh of a lemon .
that of a man sucking a lemon .
his sunken cheeks were so puckered , he could have been sucking on a lemon .
he plucked the lemon wedge out of his vodka tonic , stirred the drink , and then placed the stirrer beside the lemon wedge .
he plucked the lemon wedge out of his vodka tonic , stirred the drink , and then placed the stirrer beside the lemon wedge .
then you sprinkle them with lemon juice and cook another minute or two while you brown the almonds in another pan , no butter , then sprinkle the almonds and some parsley over the trout and send it out . ''
` ` and i 'll get the lemon to squeeze over the fish . ''
` ` flour and other ingredients everywhere , the clang of pots and pans , the clack of dinnerware , the smell of italian seasonings or spicy herbs from the entrees competing with the vanilla and lemon from the dessert area . ''
cale tasted of lemon meringue pie and coffee , the snack they 'd had during the last break he 'd insisted on while they 'd been antiquing .
i woke up in my cabin with one - eye , the ship 's cook , sitting beside me , his mouth scrunched up as if he 'd sucked a lemon . ''
` ` it 's chicken with a creamy mustard sauce , dilled potatoes , asparagus with butter and lemon , and a light cranberry salad , '' jake read off a piece of paper held to the refrigerator door by a magnet as he opened the wine in front of the door .
` ` tea is as bad as coffee , '' melly announced as if she should know that and added , ` ` just hot water with lemon for me . ''
we 'll be out in just a minute with coffee and cake ... and water and lemon , '' she added quickly when he frowned .
nodding , inez glanced over the menu on the boards on the wall behind the counter and said , ` ` a latte and lemon muffin . ''
` ` i wonder what their lemon muffins are like , '' rachel murmured as they waited for an older woman to give and collect her order .
' unfortunately i doubt if we can find a slice of lemon five hundred miles long , but the metaphor will suffice . '
' er ... in klotz they die if you stick a lemon in their mouth- ' ' sounds more like it . '
and we 'll take garlic and lemons and all the other stuff .
he fell to his knees , clutching at his mouth and trying to scream through the lemon he 'd just bitten into .
she opened a cupboard and a stack of wrinkled lemons fell out .
she turned around with a bottle of blessed water in one hand , a crossbow loaded with a wooden bolt , and a bag of musty lemons in her mouth .
nanny spat out the lemons .
she spluttered for a moment and then spat the lemon out of her mouth .
and this is n't a lemon .
it was thick , and had an oily quality ... she darted across the room and snatched up a jar that had contained lemons so sportingly provided by the mysterious old count that igor thought so highly of .
i sliced a bit of lemon , but it 's not the same , i always think . '
he took his with a dash of blood and a squeeze of lemon .
with no one to ask if they wanted sugar or if they would prefer lemon , she only checked to ascertain both were provided .
there were four slices of dry lemon .
and yet it burned against my skin , like the sting of lemon juice against a cut .
the air smelled faintly of lemon oil and ammonia .
` ` that couple on eleven , they want their tea unsweet with lots of lemon on the side .
with their iced teas and a dish of lemon , i returned to the table .
jacob 's face puckered up like he 'd just licked a lemon .
mira sat on the edge of a soft bed in a room that smelled of roses and lemon wax , surrounded by the love and support of the women of the order .
with nothing better to do and not wanting to stand around like a lemon with a thumb up his ass , mason turned towards the town and resettled andy 's backpack over his shoulder .
at some point she 'd learn why they also required a red lace doily and a lemon .
she pretended to be fully absorbed in distributing tiny lemon tarts so that soap could work his inexplicable charm on sidheag .
so sophronia was stuck passing out lemon tarts .
the sooties about them began to place bets , wagering the lemon tarts sophronia had taken such care to distribute fairly .
he had a glass of water with a slice of lemon and two drinks of differing shades of orange .
it smelled like lemon polish and - chili ?
she withdrew several lemons from the refrigerator , beat them against the counter to release the most juice , then sliced a hole in the top of each .
he requested a third , but she 'd run out of lemons .
` ` lemon , if you would be so kind . ''
a footman appeared with the lemon , and lyall poured the vampire a cup of tea .
` ` lord akeldama takes his tea with lemon ? ''
` ` he likes to use lemon on his hair - says it adds brightness and shine .
is that lemon sponge ?
do you come with accessories , like a glass half full and lemons to make into lemonade , too ? ''
there was no answer , just the sweet smell of lemon , which suggested no'one had been by recently with her cleaning cloth .
acid lemon .
there was no body underneath , and the fabric smelled like lemons , not her skin .
stepping inside with her , he found himself in a windowless vestibule that made him think of a jail ... a very classy , expensive jail with handcarved wood panels and the scent of lemon in the air .
her face was pinched , and her expression looked like she had just sucked on a lemon .
` ` i suppose , '' i said , glad that damon did n't ` ` i suppose , '' i said , glad that damon did n't know that i was dreaming of katherine at night , and by day pausing at the door to the carriage house to see if i could hear her laughing with her maid ; once i even stopped by the stable to smell the broad back of her horse , clover , just to see if her lemon and ginger scent had lingered .
if i closed my eyes , i could almost smell lemon .
` ` and you know what they say : when life gives you lemons , make lemonade .
we have coke , pepsi , diet , milk , chocolate milk , unsweetened ice tea , sweetened ice tea with lemon ... '' ` ` just water is fine , '' i said .
mrs . loontwill looked up once more from her barley and lemon water .
floote came in with the fish course , a simple fillet of sole with thyme and lemon .
the french maid vanished and moments later reappeared pushing a fully laden tea trolley , complete with cucumber sandwiches , pickled gherkins , candied lemon peel , and battenberg .
miss tarabotti took hers with milk , miss dair took hers with lemon , and the vampires took theirs with a dollop of blood , still warm and poured out of a crystal pitcher .
the supper began with an array of petite oysters over ice with cool lemon cream .
they passed a distinctly pleasant additional hour in each other 's company , sipping tea and nibbling a box of rosewater and lemon turkish delight that mr . macdougall had invested in for this occasion especially .
there were galantines of guinea fowl stuffed with minced tongue quivering in aspic jelly and decorated with feathers made of lemon - soaked apple peel .
so , i ate an entire lemon tart by myself , confident in the knowledge that i was still a long ways from the five - pound mark .
the air smelled like lemon polish and old wood .
garlands of expensive and exotic flowers hung along the pews , and the scent of orange and lemon was heavy in the air .
and then came the distinctive scent of lemon and ginger .
stuffing the chicken with thyme , lemon , and garlic , he thought , would give it a nice flavor .
then came a hot brew of strong liquor and honey and sour lemon , which i loved so much that she hurried to make more of it for me .
` ` ... looks like a twist of lemon .. : said a damp voice from the shadows .
the lemons were hard still and touched with green .
three separate batches of the yew and lemon mix were already waiting , and leaving them where they sat , i dumped the wine into the mortar already holding the snipped bits of holly leaf i 'd taken from ivy 's christmas centerpiece earlier .
miller 's lemon meringue is calling my name . ''
` ` i 'll have a piece of the lemon meringue pie . ''
the pie arrives , with the tower of white meringue several inches atop the yellow lemon gel .
i watch her finish the rest of the slice , even scraping the plate to get the last bit of lemon .
the sharp tang of the lemon with the sweet coolness of the meringue .
even though it still smells like lemon cleaner .
` ` lubbock , '' buffalo said , and immediately looked as though he 'd bitten into a lemon .
` ` desperation should suit our needs quite nicely , '' vera replied before she sipped her lemon drop , crossing her slender legs primly at her ankles .
there was a mint leaf in the iced tea , and a slice of lemon .
the air smelled of lemon polish and old wood .
celery , apples , golden raisins , lemon zest , and a sour cream - mayo dressing flavored the chicken salad , while the crusty bread provided crunch and contrast .
roslyn requested an ice water with lemon , a grilled cheese sandwich , and a fruit tray .
` ` jonah will have an ice water with lemon , '' elektra interrupted him in a smooth tone .
roughly two hundred people were gathered around the pool already , while dozens more giant waiters moved through the crowd bearing trays of food and neon - colored drinks topped with tiny umbrellas and skewers of fresh lemons , limes , oranges , and pineapples .
` ` and while the boys were congratulating themselves on their awesomeness , '' bria said , ` ` i grabbed another candlestick and took care of a third giant who 'd snuck up behind them and was about to squeeze finn 's head between his hands like it was an oversize lemon . ''
i added a couple of slices of lemon to the tea before passing it over to bria .
warren 's lips puckered , as though he 'd bitten into a lemon .
beside him walked a man with hair so blond , it resembled a lemon .
hot tea , with lemon .
jim looked as if he 'd bitten a lemon .
the air was cool and smelled faintly of lemon of all things .
the air smelled of flowers , bergamot , and lemon .
the scent of lemons and something floral - roses maybe - shooed away any lingering doubts .
turns out roses and lemon combined with salt and cayenne pepper tastes like burning .
when she 'd first mentioned tea , i 'd been expecting something like earl grey or lemon zinger .
she placed a bottle of milk , a few eggs , butter , a couple of lemons , and a container of ricotta on the butcher block .
desandra looked like she 'd rather suck on some rotten lemons .
she grimaced as if she 'd bitten into a rotten lemon .
` ` we grow a variety of fruit : peaches , persimmons , apricots , pomegranates , tangerines , lemons , and grapes .
a narrow slice of lemon floated on the water .
the tea was hot and tasted of lemon .
` ` hot tea with lemon , '' evdokia said .
eamon paced forward like he 'd sipped a lemon .
on the way home , she stopped at mama wong 's for some chinese takeout , then stopped at polly 's and picked up a lemon meringue pie because , well , just because .
she did n't want to make lemonade out of the lemon her life had become .
no more lemon meringue pie .
` ` just water , no lemon . ''
it smelled like the lemon pledge that nana used to use .
chris looked as if he 'd just swallowed a mouthful of lemon juice as he took a step away from her .
perhaps it was the vampire in her now , or maybe it was the fact that she had come to accept every lemon life had handed her and had decided to make lemonade with it .
despite her particular fondness for lemons and chestnuts , victoria was unmoved .
he stepped closer , bringing lavender and ... was that lemon ? ...
i do not believe i know him , '' winnie commented , looking with interest at the lemon icing on a plate of chocolate biscuits .
it 's cool forests with breezes that smell like lemons and honey , where strange woodland animals with soft fur play with us .
the attached bathroom is cold and decorated with plain white tile and chrome , but the towels smell of lemons and lavender .
i 'd say it was a little like being kicked , only with more knuckles and a hint of lemon .
maybe the lemon part was just my brain short - circuiting as i was tossed backward onto the chamber 's glass floor .
the drama queens carry big bottles of lemon tea and wear scarves even in summer and do n't talk in class because they 're ` ` conserving their voices . ''
and maybe with a squeeze of lemon , if you can find one .
i squeeze a slice of lemon over one particularly plump fellow , lift him up , and drop him down the faber neck .
noah breaks out a winnie the pooh cookbook and we decide to make lemon squares .
she left and approached the bar along the side wall , talked to the girls attending it for a few minutes , and returned with two brimming shot glasses rimmed with sugar and two lemon wedges .
the lemon did a little to cut the distinct vodka bite .
' did n't love that , ' i admitted , puckering my lips at the sourness of the lemon .
' can you buy some lemons too ? '
wet lemons .
it still had the moldy campfire smell , but now it also smelled faintly of lemons and rosemary .
lemon trees .
and in the tree above my head , there it was : a strangely perfect , smooth , yellow lemon .
and the smell of lemons changed , into the smell of smoke- it was midnight , but the sky was on fire .
the tart smell of lemons mixed with ash .
genevieve 's mother loved lemons .
by the time i made it through the door in the wall , she had vanished as if she was never there , leaving only the wafting breeze of lemons and rosemary behind her .
my dad had hired thelma to keep an eye on the sisters after aunt grace almost burned their house down ten years ago , when she put a lemon meringue pie in the oven and left it in there all afternoon when they were at church .
the rancid smell of lemons burning , of their lives burning .
and the smell of blood mixed with gunpowder and burning lemons .
strong and overpowering , like the lemons and rosemary .
turkey , mashed potatoes with gravy , butter beans and creamed corn , sweet potatoes with marshmallows , honey ham and biscuits , pumpkin and lemon meringue pie , which , after my evening in the swamp , i was pretty sure she was making more for uncle abner than the rest of us .
burnt lemons .
` ` she brought me a beautiful lemon pie just this week . ''
pie was gone , and when it was n't , there was no sign of amma 's famous lemon meringue .
it still smelled like lemons and rosemary .
the smell of lemons and rosemary , which had led me to her before i even met her .
when i was a kid , he used to carry around sour lemon hard candy in his pocket , and he 'd sneak me a couple during church .
sharpie and lemons and rosemary .
` ` i ' m guessin ' i wo n't be seein ' another lemon meringue unless it 's the boy 's favorite , too . ''
` ` ethan , '' uncle abner called , ` ` when you get home , tell amarie i ' m expectin ' a lemon meringue and a basket a fried chicken .
i remembered lemons and rosemary and hurricane - force winds and spontaneous combustion .
for being rundown looking on the outside , it was well kept on the inside , clean and shiny and lightly smelling of lemon .
settling into the , getting familiar , bucket seat , i inhaled the clean scent of lemons and sighed at not having to walk home after all .
a faint scent of the lemon that filled her car hit my nose and i smiled - content , once again .
the pleasing scent of lemons always present in sawyer 's car , choked me .
her black hair swept over my chest , the familiar , comforting scent of lemons washing over me as she gave me a swift hug .
i was learning the difference between witch hazel and lemon thyme .
tell her i 'll bring her over a lemon meringue pie . ''
as i squeezed a lemon into it , i heard a creaking sound coming from upstairs .
after filling the glass with tea , i trade the pitcher for a lemon from the fridge and cut a wedge just how uncle carl likes it .
after gently squeezing the lemon juice into the tea , she positions the wedge neatly on the rim of the glass .
` ` come on harry , '' daisy says , gesturing to him with the movement of her head , ` ` let 's take mr . dawson his lemon tea . ''
i imagined she would smell like soap and lemons , that her hands would be soft , smoothed with lotion .
for a moment , a flood of memories rides up , surging on the air and the smell of honeysuckle : hana and i squeezing lemon juice on our hair to lighten it , stealing sodas from the cooler in uncle william 's store and taking them down to back cove ; clam - pot dinners on the old wooden porch when it was too hot to eat inside ; following gracie 's tricycle down the street , wobbling on my bike , trying not to pass her .
i knew that one box would be all frosted , one all lemon meringue .
he smelled like lemons and damp soil and fresh musky sweat .
if lemon could join forces with lime to create something as delicious and refreshing as sprite , then surely i can work alongside macey mchenry for the cause of true love !
` ` and while we 're on the subject , '' mom said , her voice rising , ` ` perhaps the united states secret service should consider that it might be unwise to tell madame dabney 's eighth graders how to make their own chloroform out of kleenex and lemon wedges ? ''
no lemon . ''
he smells like lemons .
she made baked chicken with lemon , corn on the cob , and cornbread .
i step closer to him and hug him around the waist , breathing in the comforting smell of lemons and cotton .
we glided past the lemons , people rolled their eyes at us , and he murmured in my ear , ` ` it does n't matter where you dance .
so i stumble through the menu , settling on citron , which i ' m pretty sure means lemon , or orange , or citrus of some kind .
it turns out it 's not lemonade so much as lemon juice and water .
mine is golden brown , wafting with the sweet tartness of lemon and sugar .
i taste lemons in my mouth again , and i wonder where all the sweetness went .
he disappeared into the kitchen and returned with a grilled lemon , cut in half .
i limp over to the next bag , ` ` lemon drops , '' and there 's more in this one than the first .
i find her taking lemons out of the refrigerator .
i ' m standing here , holding a half a lemon in my hand .
she 'd look like a sour lemon in this . ''
april has blond hair that she lightens with lemon juice in the summer .
two older boys were pushing their way through the crowd - one was tall with a buzz cut , his nose the size of a fat lemon .
and peppermints and horehound drops and lemon drops .
hope came back with a tray of sweating glasses , complete with sliced lemons perched on the side .
she even freezes little pieces of lemon peel and mint in the ice cubes .
after all these years , she knows exactly where to locate the special ice cubes with mint and lemon peel .
` ` they had meyer lemons at the gibson 's gourmet the other day , so i made it with those for a change .
this is n't some , some nothing- '' i fling one hand out , accidentally hitting the waterford crystal fruit bowl full of lemons , sending it flying toward the wall , splintering on the tile floor with a jarring crash , lemons bouncing everywhere .
this is n't some , some nothing- '' i fling one hand out , accidentally hitting the waterford crystal fruit bowl full of lemons , sending it flying toward the wall , splintering on the tile floor with a jarring crash , lemons bouncing everywhere .
the corner of the kitchen is still covered with lemons and tiny crystal shards .
mom asks the man seated at our kitchen island after waving cheerfully at me with the lemon zester .
mom turns around and checks the sugar / water mixture melting on the stove , enlightening mr . agnoli about how it 's the added lemon zest that really does the trick .
she purses her lips like she just sucked on a sour lemon and shakes her head .
as the basin filled with suds and the smell of lemon dawn wafted around the room , emily cleared her throat .
then she noticed the flat - screen tv above the big jug of lemon water .
her mother was waiting for her at feast , drinking a glass of lemon water and reading a copy of mainline magazine .
they zipped past an office , a powder room , and an enormous , immaculately clean marble kitchen that smelled like fresh lemons .
hanna flagged jackson over and ordered three lemon drops - one for him , too .
if only vodka could numb spencer , too , but no matter how many lemon drops she covertly shot back , she remained clear - eyed and aware .
and great - aunt maddy was always very generous when it came to handing out sherbet lemons .
` ` gwyneth , my angel , would you like a sherbet lemon ? ''
i asked , taking a sherbet lemon .
by the way , those were the last sherbet lemons .
she reached into the box of sherbet lemons , and sighed when her fingers met empty air .
everything seemed the same as when i 'd left just a little while ago to go and buy great - aunt maddy 's sherbet lemons .
they have the same sherbet lemons at selfridges but sugar - free , and the packaging looks just the same .
but do n't buy the sugar - free sherbet lemons , whatever you do , because those give me ... well , diarrhea . ''
but for one thing , it 's sometimes better not to know all the answers , and for another , i really , really would like my sherbet lemons . ''
and i 'll go and get your sherbet lemons right now . ''
now , are you going to get me my sherbet lemons ?
` ` on my way , '' i said , waving the yellow paper bag containing great - aunt maddy 's sherbet lemons in the direction of the exit .
peppermint tea with masses of lemon and sugar was a cure for all ills in our family , and i must have drunk pints of it .
` ` now she 's going to squeeze you like a lemon until the pips squeak .
aunt maddy looked around , fished the jar of sherbet lemons off her bedside table , and put one in her mouth .
` ` lanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch , '' repeated aunt maddy , beaming happily and popping a sherbet lemon into her mouth .
she told me about a hundred times how sorry she was she had n't listened to me , and she squeezed me three lemons with her own hands .
i quickly drank four mouthfuls of my hot lemon straight off .
she fished her bag of sherbet lemons out of her pocket and put five in her mouth at once .
` ` i thought it would be something like that , of course , '' she said , sucking sherbet lemons vigorously .
` ` oops , '' said aunt maddy , almost choking on a sherbet lemon in alarm .
` ` at first we played for sherbet lemons , but now the stakes are higher .
` ` peppermint tea with plenty of sugar and hot lemon . ''
i wished to goodness that gideon had let lady tilney ring for that hot peppermint tea with sugar and lemon .
somehow , with my help , hazel manages to not burn the chicken and the pasta is perfect and has just the right amount of lemon and garlic , but not too much .
the refreshing aroma of lemons in the thick air of the house , mixing with my mother 's baking as she prepared our afternoon repast of bitter lemonade and thick warm bread , slathered with creamy butter made cold from the sheltering shade of the larder .
then , it dribbled into my mouth and i tasted lemon and a stale meringue .
the air was heavy with the scent of some night - blooming flower and , beneath that , the tang of lemons .
all through dinner , she waited for magda to open the oven , but when the meal was finished , the old woman set a piece of yesterday 's lemon cake before her .
` ` similar errands but i need a lemon . ''
` ` does n't your mom make lemon chicken , like , three times a week ? ''
the wrong memories snapped into aching , nostalgic focus - the glittering sunset over the catalinas , the smell of the lemon trees in my backyard in the morning , the feel of cashmere slippers on my toes .
it tasted like sucking on the nozzle at the gas pump and eating a slightly rotten lemon at the same time .
then madeline took a long sip from the glass of lemon water near her head and sighed .
lili stood next to them , looking like she 'd swal owed a bitter lemon .
on the table sits a carafe of coffee , just - baked lemon - poppy muffins , and a pitcher of freshly squeezed orange juice from our orange tree in the front yard .
once again , i feel a bolt of betrayal , as sharp and acidic as lemon juice in a wound .
he kisses me softly , his lips tasting faintly of lemon water .
she could have just bitten into a lemon wedge from the face she gave me .
there are slices of lemon there and i grab a wedge and squeeze the juice of it on top of a few of the oysters and they are so fresh , i swear i see them jerk as the juice hits them .
` ` they bring it with a slice of lemon and when you bite the lemon and then eat a piece , it tastes exactly like lemon meringue . ''
` ` they bring it with a slice of lemon and when you bite the lemon and then eat a piece , it tastes exactly like lemon meringue . ''
` ` they bring it with a slice of lemon and when you bite the lemon and then eat a piece , it tastes exactly like lemon meringue . ''
` ` why not just get the lemon meringue ? ''
his smell , a mixture of grass and sweat , a hint of fish and river water from our afternoons on the lake , maybe lemon that he 'd sliced to put on some trout for dinner , and that smell all his own , man - and - sun - and - cologne .
i curse my stupid heart for how it leaps when i see him standing there in a white tee and holey jeans , holding a basket with green apples , a lemon , a package of butter , and a bag of white sugar in it .
carolyn leaned in on the other side , and i felt like they were squeezing me like a lemon .
she tasted tart , as if she 'd had a vodka lemon shot .
` ` lemon , '' he says .
the two men glance around the table in search of a lemon .
` ` you 're saying that we bought ourselves a lemon . ''
43 argent his mother always said , ` ` when life gives you lemons , squirt 'em in someone 's eyes . ''
the captain had put into those ports on the pretext of taking on fresh supplies - anyway , that is how he entered them in his logbook , assistant purser higgins reports , but methinks the captain did not so much desire oranges , lemons , fresh water , and such , as much as he wanted his good , honest graft - his twenty percent skim off the top of the crews ' take .
as an elderly woman , who smelled of lemons and molasses , passed her , eden froze at the warmth of her soul .
` ` i ' m thinking lemon chicken .
she eyes my football jersey and purses her lips like she just ate a sour lemon .
' you can buy chocolates , or sherbet lemons . '
they were paper thin , and as each pancake was done , lettie would squeeze lemon on to it , and plop a blob of plum jam into the centre , and roll it tightly , like a cigar .
he was trying to make lemonade out of this big ol ' pile of nasty ass lemons .
sweet and sour , with all that lemon pulp and mint like a salad at the bottom ?
we picked mint and squeezed lemons for lemonade , we tossed and caught popcorn in our mouths and left connie to vacuum the stray kernels .
i change my own order , adding a slice of lemon cake to complement my green tea .
in the end he settled on a slice of chocolate mousse pie and a lemon meringue tart .
he probably should have left some of the lemon tart on the plate , but it had tasted too delicious to stop .
` ` like lemon meringue pie .
` ` lemon . ''
some were familiar , including oranges , lemons , bananas , plums , apricots , apples , pears , and kiwis .
everyone went to the other side of the coach to stare at a lemon meringue pie as big as a circus tent .
the conical mount was shaped just like a volcano that a child would draw , its coloring the same yellow and white as a lemon meringue pie .
` ` because i have absolutely nothing in my room but a bottle of vodka and a lemon . ''
she managed to coax the kid into chewing the moist inner bark of a thin twig of white pine : it tastes like a sugar lemon drop , ellie .
kincaid looked like he 'd sucked on a lemon .
jed 's face puckered like he was sucking a lemon drop .
she poured us each a glass of water from a pitcher with slices of lemons and limes floating among the ice .
koenig directed me into a light wooden chair at a folding table and cleared off a few napkins , a plate with a half - eaten lemon bar , and a can of soda .
she smelled like lemons .
the salty bite of pretzels , the bright smell of lemon , the brittle edge of anise .
blue 's face had gone to lemons .
the air was stained permanently with the pleasant odor of ronan 's childhood : hickory smoke and boxwood , grass seed and lemon cleaner .
everything smelled of hickory smoke and boxwood , grass seed and lemon cleaner .
his mouth made a shape as if he had tried a lemon and found it sort of appealing .
but when the covers were finally lifted , a feast of kingly proportions was revealed : a roasted goose , its flesh a perfect golden brown ; a whole salmon and a whole cod , each outfitted with lemons and fresh dill and pats of melting butter ; a bowl of steamed mussels ; platters of roasted vegetables ; loaves of bread still cooling from the oven ; and all manner of jellies and sauces i did n't recognize but that looked delicious .
in fact , other than their strange shape , they looked almost exactly like poppy seeds , which liza did not at all like and which were , she thought , a perfectly good way to ruin a lemon muffin .
mmm , this is good , he said after the first sip , i would nt have thought that one could grow lemons up here in the mountains .
the acid in the lemon juice is making it appear .
that s one baked chicken breast with a dry side salad without the onions and water to drink with a lemon slice .
then we have eggs benedict , light on the paprika and lemon , which ill be sure to tell the cook will overwhelm the true flavor of the hollandaise sauce .
only later did sam admit that his eggs benedict had excessive amounts of lemon and paprika added .
about all you need are some dandelion blossoms , fresh lemon juice , oranges , sugar , yeast , hot water , and a little patience .
afterwards , they were rewarded with desert consisting of a mango sorbet and lemon pudding with ice cream .
one - cup measure of each of the following : holy water , lemon juice , vinegar , garlic clove , one drop of blood from your soul mate .
it was actually sour , like drinking pure lemon juice , but he managed to drink it all .
richard made sure that the oranges and lemons had been freshly picked while still green ; the big man understood .
rachael had water with lemon and peter ordered a diet coke , which he realized was out of character in this setting , but it was normal fare for him .
i do nt have any lemon or butter so well just have to do without .
the last room had a dozen fruit trees , already bearing ; oranges , lemons , apples , a peach tree and an avocado tree were in sealed plastic containers ready for shipment .
* * * during the sumptuous wedding feast later that evening , a whole goat is roasted over an open fire of wood imported from persia , and servants bring out platters of dried fruit cuscus , lemon - zested tobuli - salad , and eggplant baba - ghanoush .
servers buzzed between groups delivering food , clearing plates , serving wine , emptying crystal ashtrays , and refilling the pitchers of ice water and lemon slices that sat center of each table .
it was like sweet lemon at one time , then like fresh strawberries , and then it tasted like chocolate caramel .
no more cooking , no more sitting like a lemon in a tiny lounge , trying not to feel like the girl that time forgot .
it stank of lemon .
kims face twisted , as if her pasta was suddenly soaked in lemon juice .
okay , it was nt really sin - song and i was the only one who said hey but it would ve been cool if we did , then we could practice other chorus jingles , record an album and off we d go to the glorious skyscraper in the sky filled with lemon drops and soda pops ; a place we in the biz like to call nashville , or hollywood , or wherever it is one goes to become a recording superstar making tons of cash and promoting their own clothing line .
under cartwright 's supervision , the hired waiters removed the dishes from the fish course and then placed lemon sorbets before the diners to cleanse their palates .
these men ate only raw human hearts sprinkled with lemon juice , they said .
she saw a frown furrow her mums brow and her lips scrunch like shed swallowed a lemon .
he promptly dumped the sherry out through a strainer , rubbed the rim of the glass with a lemon rind , gave it a light squeeze , then threw it away and filled the glass with boodles british gin .
usually all i need is lemon or oranges for treatment .
anne realized the face was familiar , slit eyes , a mouth that looked like it had just tasted lemons , and yellow hair tucked under a ridiculously extravagant bonnet .
her breath smelled of lemons , or maybe it was mangos whatever it was , it was intoxicating .
mango and lemons invaded my memory .
i had never seen giddeon speechless , before i watched with interest as he circled the vision of loveliness inspecting lemons at a kiosk .
i could smell lemons and mango .
the hint of lemon balances most harmoniously with the hydrogen peroxide .
inside was a thick , citrusy liquid that tasted like a mix between lemon and grapefruit , with a salty tang to it .
the yellow was intense as a ripe lemon .
another held a well - used pencil suspended an inch above his eye , its graphite edge reflected on the soft , semi - circular dome of his glistening eye , a threadbare diary open on the table in front of him next to a drained glass , empty except for four pips of lemon .
they would walk in , innocent and curious , and find themselves being plied by the owner with glasses of hot lemon tea , shining like molten amber through dirty glasses , and find themselves diverted from art to art .
squeeze the lemon on it , spread a fine layer of tartar sauce on it , you re going to love it .
he went to the front of the screen , written in chinese cuisine , had his favorite marinated goose , lemon chicken , bean curd spinach .
lashebah was going to have a time with lemon juice , scrubbing them from my fair complexion !
with lemon .
julie was grateful for the water , sans lemon , and her pulse decelerated as the cool stream poured down her throat .
a fat lady with a necklace that had to limit her ability to walk showed them to a table at the back and brought them water with lemons without a specific request .
julie took a bit and savored lemon mingling with the mayo and the fish .
` ` would you like a lemon drink ?
i made up a jug last night with fresh lemons from the tree out on the lawn . ''
he took a drink of cold lemon aide and ran his forks into another pallet , lifted it high overhead .
today we have a roast goose with lemon sauce that is extra good , he replied .
must suck a sour lemon to be the one to determine such things .
he was about to tell her to give over when the smell of soap and lemon verbena struck him nearly as forcefully as her hand had done .
hucks need more caffeine instead of sweeten lemon water to counter effect his lingering jet lag from america .
cleaned it , seasoned it with dill and lemon grass , and wrapped it in a tight bundle of cane leaves , which they soaked for a time .
raynes was n't hungry so he just settled for a glass of cold , lemon water .
salvatore asked for a chicken salad sandwich and breedlove said she would have the same , along with some lemon water .
now victor , i want you to go to the bar and get yourself a dry vodka with a dash of lemon juice .
the lemons , limes , oranges , onions , whatever , once a week .
she looked like a lemon that had been turned into an evil sorceress ; norbert surprised himself when he chuckled out loud before she said a word .
he forced his eyes to focus on the lemon lady 's bald head and to not let them wander to the box of letters on the shelf at his feet .
there were freshly baked rolls soaked in butter , grilled chicken with lemon sauce , corn on the cob , mashed potatoes with chunks of garlic - all of it delicious .
how about a lemon shakeup , sweetheart ?
down another street and around the corner was the center base of operations or as it was labeled from the outside - lemon and wallitz , attorneys at law .
with a name like lemon , i would have guessed it was yellow .
where 's lemon ?
what happened to lemon , wallitz and doris ?
we took a longer way back to the law office of lemon and wallitz just to make sure that no one would creep up on us .
he thought it looked like a miniature lemon gone green .
it was cold and creamy , and the lemon taste was just the right amount of tartmy lips were n't frozen into a permanent pucker .
lovely lemon liniment .
dad sounded like he 'd been chewing on lemon peel ; i could practically see his lips pucker .
and lemon drop branches ?
like lemon juice poured into milk , sams mood turned sour .
i spotted a short man who must have been cecil , his expression reflecting a permanent taste of lemons in his mouth .
perhaps some barley water with quite a lot of lemon smashed into it ?
helen brought in lemon pie and served up slices , saying nothing .
he d interrupted dardans story to have his valo send a footman for some refreshment , which now arrived : hot tea , and wine , and lemon cakes .
the other man was older , probably thirty , and had a look like he was sucking on a bitter lemon .
he s as sweet as a moldy lemon , i muttered .
strong notes of pine infused the air and mingled with the slightest hint of lemon .
he could see evil , sense it as clearly as the notes of pine and lemon in the air .
a strong lemon scent hung in the air and the floors looked freshly mopped suggesting that her mother had cleaned .
soon amandie was serving lady erin desserta spongy slice of lemon cakewhich the faerie poked at with a fork , as though it might do something other than wait patiently on the plate for her to eat it .
underneath the scent of lemon , was a floral smell i could nt place .
can i get a water with lemon and some of those louisiana chips too , please ?
amaya asked them to try for ocean whiting and promised to make lemon and herb crumbs if they succeeded .
they were the colour of a lemon meringue pie .
ivy wove around the furniture and flowers spurted from the rugs , hundreds and hundreds of flowers ; he could smell almonds , nutty and rich , mixed with the freshness of lemons .
i took the lemons i was given and made them into lemonade , kali .
go suck a lemon , josephine retorted .
easy peasy , lemon breezy .
dantes eyes sparked like electric lemons .
i was carrying the lemon cake sallie had baked earlier .
her father pointed out lemons , avocados , sour apples , reddened grapefruit and different kinds of walnuts , pecans and almonds hanging from the wispy looking branches .
alice slices a lemon and hands out one piece each .
in union we lick the salt off our hands , tip the drinks down our throats , and then suck the sour lemon .
the door opened with an ominous creak and a wave of warm air came down , bringing with it a strange smell of neglect , dust , and a vague hint of lemons .
still , there was a leak in my room , and i do n't like the smell of lemons .
erin had found the biggest room for madame elzwig , even though she knew the judge would be used to better than the sparsely decorated room that smelled faintly of lemons .
its fur was smoother than she expected , and closer to she was surprised to find that voi smelled vaguely of lemons .
james repeated , his face looking as if he had bitten into a lemon .
not only could they detect the sweet scented perfumes to thousands and thousands of flowers , but the aromas of cinnamon , ginger , licorice , lemon , lime , and nutmeg , just to name a few , swarmed thy gentle winds also .
he collapsed with the impact of the unknown attacker upon his back and a puff of dust settling on his face , with his eyes shut and mouth puckered as though he were sucking on lemons .
he gripped the mans testicles and squeezed as if trying to force out the last drop of juice from a bone - dry lemon .
momma and lilly take turns to leave a warm cup of herbal tea , lemon and honey for me to find at daybreak .
he no longer had to pay the tithe , but he could take his little daughter to see the jugglers and fire - eaters , to eat the lemon cakes and partridge soup , to laugh at the government men with their gray clothes and grayer faces .
well , when life gives you lemons ... and kamal brought out from behind , two beer bottles that he had managed to pilfer while making his way out here .
then the fish store with a heap of shiny black mussels decorated with sprigs of parsley and boxes of oysters with lemons .
the parsley should be green and the lemons bright yellow instead of the shades of gray he sees them in .
seymour is walking down his sweethearts street , not the copy drawn in painful black and white on a plaster wall in half - life , but the real one in true color : there , the decorative dish with the rose - encircled peasant - lass , there , the yellow lemons on the boxes of oysters and there , the golden horse head .
georges face looked like she had just bitten into a lemon .
she needed a lemon biscuit .
she would miss him , as well as their servants , like the cook , ec , and her delicious lemon biscuits .
chapter 22 the seventh rung she can already cook a delicious lemon biscuit , and it turns out she is a rebel and a scholar ?
i mean she can already cook a delicious lemon biscuit , and it turns out she is a rebel and a scholar ?
she was tired , tense , and in desperate need of a lemon biscuit .
and all this time , verica had thought of her just as a source of lemon biscuits .
she dug around more in her lunch bag and pulled out a lemon wedge wrapped neatly in plastic .
the lemon would be used to squeeze over her salad .
` ` do you think there will be a side of lemon wedges available ?
i like a little lemon with my ice water . ''
it was sweet and tangy at the same time , with a refreshing after - taste of lemons .
and facial expressions from sucking on lemons .
the lemon trees were arranged in neat rows , five trees per row , and the first year eddie had driven down the road , the air was filled with overpowering scent of citrus , bright yellow lemons filling the trees and falling to the ground .
on several occasions eddie considered pulling over and gathering up some lemons for himself , but realized he d really no idea what to do with them since he made lemonade from factory - processed powders and ate lemon pies purchased from large grocery stores .
on several occasions eddie considered pulling over and gathering up some lemons for himself , but realized he d really no idea what to do with them since he made lemonade from factory - processed powders and ate lemon pies purchased from large grocery stores .
in autumn , the light seemed darker on the lane than elsewhere , and the leaves would burn with reds and yellows , and the lemons would decay into the soil , covered by leaves , composting and feeding the roots to begin the cycle again .
blossoms in the spring , lemons in the summer , falling leaves in the autumn , cold snow and dark light in the winter .
so , in the summer months , i spent the entire day with mother , helping cook and clean as always , clearing away what little we could in the orchard , collecting lemons , buying groceries .
we could chop down trees for firewood , but that would only go so far , and there were only so many lemons one could eat .
we gathered lemons to sell at markets in pittston , we tried to sell any furnishing we did nt need .
like the orchard , she wilted before my eyes , and when everything that we could sell was sold , and when the trees were picked bare of lemons , she sat in the living room , sometimes for hours , wondering what to do next , until one sunday morning she walked to her desk and started writing again .
quiet , peaceful , with just enough people to scoop them up like lemons in a basket .
arrigio turned to serenus on the other end of the dais , a look on his face like he d just swallowed a lemon .
sparse but lifting the suffering of the land to a simple height of pleasure : a seductive smell otto had crushed desire to reject so often , of that fruit brought back as a prize of the crusaders : lemons ... now no longer otto he wished for these flowers to bear this fruit , to quench his thirst , to suffocate the miserableness of this barren wasteland .
chapter 22 the seventh rung she can already cook a delicious lemon biscuit , and it turns out she is a rebel and a scholar .
i mean she can already cook a delicious lemon biscuit , and it turns out she is a rebel and a scholar .
strong magic like that tastes like lemon sherbet , cut with jet fuel .
it was n't poison you had to worry about , but spells , a little potion mixed in with the lemons .
i could see all the oranges and lemons turning black and falling from the tree ; i could see leaves withering and dying .
she would let the chili cook for a while , then add red wine , lemon juice and a pitch of fresh dill , and , finally , measure out and add her chili powders .
he tells the woman behind the desk to try the juice of a lemon , and zinc as his sister swears by zinc and vitamin c. she promises him that she will , and gives him several envelopes .
klavin pushed his glasses up on his nose as if that would make manfred look better , and stuart 's lips pursed like he 'd just bitten a lemon .
` ` i 'll thank you to keep your media - seeking friends away from here , '' she said , biting the words out as if they were sour lemons .
there 's lemon tarts , and some boiled tongue for sandwiches .
ashworth looked like he was sucking lemons .
tequila , blue curacao , lemon juice , and rose 's lime juice , served over ice .
i watch as she mashes the kiwi , adds sugar , midori , sake , zubrowka , and lemon juice .
it smells of lemon furniture polish and ... air freshener ?
his mouth tasted of tea and lemon with a hint of salt .
chance tasted of wild berries and lemon , a thirst quenched by the play of his lips on mine , the luxuriant sweep of tongues hot as a summer day .
` ` it was a lemon anyway .
but making love to a beautiful , warm woman in a soft bed that smelled of lemon in a house even he could n't doubt the security of ?
inside was warm and smelled of incense and lemon floor polish .
laurence rather suspected another two courses had been intended and forgone , though no - one could have complained of the menu so far : fresh - caught roughy in a sauce of lemons and oranges , with fresh peas ; an exceedingly handsome crown roast of lamb ornamented with preserved cherries ; new potatoes in their skins presented alongside veal chops dressed with brown butter ; a whole tunny baked in salt crust , occupying half the table .
de guignes intended nothing heartless : the french landed for their provision several rain - barrels , in case the small stream should not be sufficient , and enough salt pork and biscuit to sustain the men at least for months ; even a tub of preserved lemons .
motherf**king lemon sevens ? ''
' and the lemons , ' said nanny ogg .
ha , i remember he had this idea once of getting lightning out of lemons !
hey , sendivoge , you remember leonard and his lightning lemons ? '
lightning lemons !
lightning lemons ?
' putting the metal rods in the lemons ? '
' at the last stop he was going on about pancakes with lemon , ' said granny .
mr goatberger 's face twisted up as though he 'd just eaten a lemon and washed it down with vinegar .
and a slice of lemon and a piece of pineapple hooked coquettishly on the side of the glass , which had sugar frosted round the rim .
it currently holds tea , with a slice of lemon .
i can detect ... sugar , milk , butter , cream , vanilla , hazelnuts , almonds , walnuts , raisins , orange peel , various liqueurs , citrus pectin , strawberries , raspberries , essence of violets , cherries , pineapples , pistachios , oranges , limes , lemons , coffee , cocoa- ' ' nothing there to be frightened of , right ? '
my grandmother taught me everything , she even made me practise sucking lemons to get the expression right !
the ground peeled back like lemon rind .
she looked more like she was ready to attend the oscar 's than pretend to eat her dinner of celery and lemon wedges .
shed remind me that a mind would never permit you to waste away an entire day laying beneath a cloudless summer sky or indulge in lemon meringue to the point of corset - bursting '' he threw a chagrined look my way '' her words , not mine ... or run away with the poor blacksmiths son when she was expected to marry the son of the king of cotton at the time .
i elbowed her , taking my lemons and making lemonade of this whole elbow - weaving , girl bonding thing .
the saving grace they needed was that solution of lemon , white vinegar , hydrogen peroxide , and witch hazel , and good thing eddie was always prepared .
the doors were just as heavy as the main building and though there was a tiny hint of lemon pledge in the air , it had a terribly musty and damp smell that flew out from the depths and hit me in the face .
his skin was more ashy than weather - beaten , his hair had lost some of its luster ( and i noticed this because he used to douse his hair in beer and lemons until it was shiny enough to see your reflection ) , and there was a bit of a paunch starting up where there was only brawn and muscle before .
` ` i know you drink only one sort of chardonnay and you must have lemon with your water .
' port and lemon .
throwing a punch could stop a fight , of course , but in this case it had a quarter of rum , gin and sixteen chopped lemons floating in it .
there was turtle soup and lobster salad , stuffed crabs and larded sweetbreads , oyster pie and mutton chops , terrapin , pan - fried chicken , turnips and stuffed peppers , roast beef and breaded veal cutlets , irish potatoes and green corn and carrots and artichokes and snap beans , a profusion of rolls and breads , wine and spirits from the bar and fresh milk in from the city , plates of new - churned butter , and for dessert plum pudding and lemon pie and floating islands and sponge cake with chocolate sauce .
usually , the arrival of tolliver and me would make her look like she 'd sucked a lemon .
i felt like i 'd bitten a lemon , the idea of someone like renaldo looking at my sister made me feel so sour .
he concentrated on trying to flag down a bright yellow volkswagen bug the exact color of a lemon drop , but it did n't even slow down .
i 'd always thought it to he a particularly lovely shade of lemon . ''
not lemon juice .
like coffee and cream , strawberries and champagne ... tart lemon .
she opened a few jars of stink screen , and soon the air smelled pleasantly of lemon meringue pie .
there was a scent of faint lemon on the air , as if i had crushed one of the pale yellow leaves between my fingertips .
i was wearing an anklet of living thyme , gold - flecked leaves , smelling of green life and lemons .
beef tips in a rich burgundy sauce , potatoes , delicate asparagus stalks , french bread , a lemon tart , and a bottle of rich red wine to polish it off .
it was like when you hold to the fire something written in invisible ink and the writing gradually shows up ; only instead of the dingy colour of lemon juice ( which is the easiest invisible ink ) this was all gold and blue and scarlet .
on impulse , she took a lemon from the bowl .
branna took her hand , and when iona pushed the lemon in her pocket , connor the other .
reaching in her pocket , iona pulled out the lemon she 'd taken from the blue and green bowl , brought it to her face to inhale the scent .
she had ruled the kingdom for almost fifty years when , one day at tea , she put a freshly cut lemon in her mouth to ease a troublesome cough that had been plaguing her for a week or better .
just as the queen put the slice of lemon into her mouth , the juggler dropped one of his glass spheres .
when she gasped , she pulled the lemon slice down her throat and choked to death very quickly .
' slice of lemon ? '
you have lemon ? '
' oh , even mr ron here would rather wash under his arms than have anything but lemon in his tea , ' said the duck man , plopping a slice into william 's mug .
' yes , we 're very fortunate when it comes to slices of lemon , ' said the duck man , busily fussing over the tea things .
` ` mmm , smells like lemons .
sort of like lemon and mint and tea all in one .
the house was filled with the scent of the rain and the aroma of coffee , lemon tea , and red wine .
his lips puckered like a bitter lemon .
i would have put lemon in it .
caroline caroline had now learned how to make a lemon tart , and that you should never actually boil an egg .
she tried to think herself down the phone line , into the kitchen - because she was sure adrienne had answered in the kitchen , no doubt interrupted in the middle of making lemon souffle or chicken soup from scratch - tried to imagine the mouth pressed to the phone , the hands with their neat nails , the jeans dusted with flour .
would it be so hard if they mixed a little lemon juice in it ?
the massive oak furniture that filled the room carried not a speck of dust and the air smelled faintly of beeswax and lemons .
` ` smells of lemon . ''
at least the meal , consisting of whiting with an oyster sauce , capon stuffed with lemons and followed by a fruit tart , had been of a higher standard than julia had thought possible , and she was relieved the household obviously had a cook who knew her profession .
as a test , he 'd shipped bottles of the juice of lemons on his flagship and ordered every seaman to take three spoonfuls a day .
hawksworth had argued with captain kerridge of the resolve , insisting they both stow lemon juice as a preventative .
six weeks ago , he had had no choice but to order half his own remaining store of lemon juice transferred to the sister ship , even though this meant reducing the discovery 's ration to a spoon a day , not enough .
also purchased 6 casks water , some baskets lemons , melons , plantains . ''
the water was sugar sweet and tangy with bits of lemon .
beyond lay geometrical arbors of fruit - laden trees mangoes , apples , pears , lemons , and even oranges .
a special blend of wine , water , sugar , lemons , and spices .
hawksworth tasted the perfumed red mixture , slices of lemon rind floating on its surface .
now briggs seemed a distorted , comical pygmy as he ordered the servants to pass more bottles of kill - devil down the table , where the planters and their wives continued to slosh it into their pewter tankards of lemon punch .
the brew had smelled quite awful even with the lemon and sugar they had to add to make the odor more inviting , but katherine thought it might help .
a stone about the size of a lemon lay about six inches behind the ball .
the sore on his face has grown large like an open lemon ; with small fusions of white lumps dripping blood .
lucille twirled a lemon in the glass - filled bowl in front of her .
arlette wiped the counter near the sink and placed the cup of sugar next to the lemon - filled bowl in front of lucille .
the wind had dropped and a pale sun lingered in the afternoon sky , casting a lemon glow across the lake .
on this particular evening , she threw a salad togetheravocado , feta cheese , a few scallions , red leaf lettuce , lemon juice , and a yummy portuguese olive oil that ann - in - the - deli had recommended .
a waiter brought us a pitcher of ice water , two glasses , and a plate of lemon slices new orleans tradition .
today is currant scones , with lemon curd and a bit of clotted cream .
sam then laid his rifle aside by propping it against a small boulder and picked up a few stones that were just about the size of one of them yellow lemons that puckered a fellas mouth whenever he was fool enough to suck on one .
i drink lemon cokes . ''
and yourself a big lemon coke .
the scent of lemon and lilac rose from her skin , inviting and fragrant and intoxicatingly alluring .
the air around her was fragrant , reminding him of lemons and honey .
before he even opened his eyes , he could smell the sweet scent of her skin , the fragrance of her hair lemons ?
arms crossed and lips pursed as if shed sucked a particularly sour lemon .
then she laughed again and fluttered her hand while she asked if he would like a mug of lemon juice .
all right , replies luke , but i believe ill have me a poke full of them lemon drop candies and the missus will take that blue bonnet she last tried on .
* * * * * riding out of albertville nate and sam grin as they suck on the lemon drops and watch the wagon ahead as catherine ties the blue ribbon on her new hat .
there s a chinese laundry , a black woman selling charms , a mexican leather and shoe repair , a tea shop where the lemon brothers used to sell soap and cosmetics , a rice and noodle shop , a mexican bean eatery and a fancy eastern italian place selling pizzas as if we were in new york .
for me , noodles with dill and lemon drizzle , miss hamish ordered .
` ` in the proper french style , you would display salads of anchovies , lemons , bitter oranges , and radishes , accompanied by figs , cheeses with biscuits , and a variety of sausages .
that 's sun brewed tea with lemon over thar .
john suspiciously eyed the wedges of lemon floating inside the jars .
` ` grog and sun brewed tea with lemon . ''
` ` i 'll have the tea with lemon , '' she said .
john left the captain 's quarters and came back with his own bowl of soup , extra utensils , and a cup of tepid , lemon tea .
` ` i only came out to see if the cook had any of that fine tea with lemon , '' she smiled at jack as she spoke , lifting up her cup .
in the meantime do you have a lemon ?
the vineyards yielded several varieties of grapes , the orchards apples , figs , and even oranges and lemons , unusual for a land of harsh winters .
each caller had left their card ; one had even brought a hideous molded lemon jelly that wong had taken from her with arched eyebrows and a soul - wrenching sigh .
otherwise , i might feel very bad that it was she who got for dinner the breast of quail that burned a bit on the edge of the pan and will get for dessert the molded lemon jelly that was so thoughtfully given to us this morning by a neighbor . ''
by combining flour and yeast , butter , eggs , dried raisins , candied lemon and orange peel , ugghetto made such a delicious bread that it impressed the duke of milan , ludovico il moro sforza , who agreed to sponsor the marriage .
no need to worry , miz rose , just a child from the orphanage bringing you a lemon cake .
we done been to the market to get fresh lemons .
you be thinkin on god when i speak othem lemons ?
miz rose , you gon na die with the taste o these fresh lemons .
and shore nuff i got some good lemons to make a lemon puddin for dat cake .
and shore nuff i got some good lemons to make a lemon puddin for dat cake .
i got lemon cake and warm lemon puddin to put on it and cream too .
i got lemon cake and warm lemon puddin to put on it and cream too .
i got some oyour lemon cake , tooif she have time to eat some .
chicken with some o that good low country rice and string beans and the best lemon cake .
strappado - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 strappado 394 the 278 and 192 a 190 of 114 to 110 his 104 in 91 he 69 was 52 kenshi 48 with 41 from 40 at 39 it 38 on 37 swayne 35 for 34 him 33 were 32 had 30 their 28 that 27 as 24 them 22 an 21 they 20 by 20 or 19 into 18 said 18 one 18 been 15 you 15 he 'd 15 this 15 all 14 no 13 her 13 like 13 there 12 van 12 man 12 up 12 black 12 kenshi 's 12 through 11 what 11 but 11 over 11 i 11 guzman 10 after 10 if 10 be 10 so 10 made 10 hotel 10 walther 10 iblis 10 out 9 hendrika 9 she 9 much 9 another 9 red 9 thought 9 did n't 9 when 9 door 9 around 8 white 8 would 8 rashid 8 few 8 off 8 about 8 face 8 not 7 near 7 more 7 such 7 men 7 three 7 then 7 yet 7 day 7 wore 7 fedor 6 who 6 plastic 6 its 6 group 6 back 6 andersen 6 went 6 your 6 left 6 music 6 american 6 world 6 is 6 old 6 open 6 blue 6 himself 6 which 6 these 5 even 5 job 5 go 5 away 5 came 5 do n't 5 new 5 again 5 only 5 none 5 air 5 too 5 edge 5 until 5 down 5 several 5 water 5 each 5 blond 5 ever 5 friend 5 cigarette 5 once 5 enough 5 noted 4 everyone 4 local 4 show 4 i ' m 4 could 4 hair 4 later 4 turn 4 under 4 smiled 4 narrow 4 would ' ve 4 regarding 4 come 4 next 4 company 4 some 4 guests 4 know 4 stood 4 lamps 4 got 4 began 4 viking 4 returned 4 lay 4 bit 4 bar 4 although 4 indian 4 during 4 darkness 4 breathed 4 caught 4 eyes 4 art 4 gathered 4 might 4 two 4 let 4 will 4 monastery 4 suit 4 blood 4 between 4 tour 4 laughed 4 called 4 found 4 while 4 floor 4 barrels 4 she 'd 4 along 4 before 3 me 3 farther 3 gone 3 people 3 wet 3 behind 3 streets 3 rather 3 bottles 3 who 'd 3 discoth 3 dream 3 shoot 3 never 3 dark 3 series 3 they 'd 3 little 3 was n't 3 those 3 say 3 neck 3 soon 3 end 3 shadows 3 voice 3 disco 3 welcome 3 any 3 look 3 explained 3 good 3 heard 3 vodka 3 last 3 against 3 certainly 3 i ' ve 3 why 3 course 3 seemed 3 other 3 discovered 3 walls 3 gravel 3 number 3 now 3 waited 3 how 3 far 3 realized 3 exhibition 3 dirt 3 closed 3 phone 3 ken 3 fellow 3 belly 3 perhaps 3 apartment 3 reunion 3 comprised 3 above 3 knew 3 thank 3 hell 3 trench 3 nothing 3 outside 3 business 3 vans 3 drink 3 pressed 3 shared 3 bulldozer 3 feet 3 drained 3 every 3 mouth 3 own 3 had n't 3 aside 3 japanese 3 relatively 3 are 3 long 3 took 3 second 3 it 's 3 half 3 close 3 light 3 still 3 very 3 que 3 curtains 3 deep 3 approached 3 similar 3 cloth 3 whiskey 3 reporter 3 others 3 here 3 put 3 appeared 3 within 3 dressed 3 because 3 shoulder 3 swayne 's 3 mumbai 3 hand 3 small 3 nearly 3 across 3 finally 3 night 3 five 3 club 3 side 3 shirt 3 town 3 short 3 head 3 room 3 first 2 dropped 2 installations 2 tables 2 ran 2 ear 2 breath 2 return 2 stone 2 photographer 2 heavily 2 drugs 2 arms 2 thigh 2 building 2 real 2 country 2 that 's 2 sight 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 locations 2 european 2 doing 2 get 2 mate 2 something 2 tiger 2 foreign 2 sporadic 2 area 2 machetes 2 extent 2 moss 2 represented 2 wine 2 drainage 2 patrons 2 assembled 2 many 2 fat 2 god 2 orange 2 disconnected 2 college 2 way 2 german 2 software 2 presented 2 cigarettes 2 alone 2 swept 2 modules 2 rules 2 possible 2 recurring 2 metal 2 poured 2 introduced 2 gave 2 preferred 2 we 2 than 2 living 2 suspected 2 they 're 2 chest 2 wave 2 kind 2 comfort 2 muggers 2 spaces 2 electric 2 actually 2 shed 2 awful 2 warehouse 2 colleagues 2 ceiling 2 authorities 2 weekend 2 most 2 rang 2 wall 2 fact 2 seen 2 meet 2 probably 2 paper 2 everywhere 2 make 2 big 2 snatched 2 hanging 2 property 2 squeezed 2 clothes 2 else 2 busy 2 foam 2 swamp 2 advertising 2 impending 2 wanted 2 soft 2 sex 2 well 2 news 2 ball 2 yeah 2 leaned 2 abandoned 2 road 2 form 2 being 2 possessed 2 various 2 bony 2 windows 2 wrists 2 walk 2 carried 2 bled 2 shot 2 kilometers 2 acknowledged 2 caused 2 suite 2 french 2 slacks 2 field 2 anonymous 2 forth 2 member 2 time 2 handsome 2 u 2 cell 2 international 2 suddenly 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 interviews 2 days 2 curtain 2 minutes 2 corpse 2 porch 2 events 2 whilst 2 sitar 2 via 2 victrola 2 place 2 help 2 thin 2 cracked 2 choked 2 flesh 2 naked 2 eye 2 jungle 2 market 2 south 2 assistant 2 york 2 contact 2 promised 2 answered 2 utterly 2 doors 2 think 2 atop 2 tickled 2 line 2 need 2 does 2 difficult 2 wondered 2 trucks 2 tourists 2 rashid 's 2 pants 2 mostly 2 rental 2 lover 2 suits 2 buffet 2 pavilion 2 courts 2 have 2 erasing 2 whatever 2 grass 2 emotional 2 interior 2 float 2 static 2 pushed 2 grimly 2 spoke 2 arm 2 shirts 2 belts 2 guerilla 2 smoked 2 suburbs 2 cold 2 password 2 english 2 stared 2 guzman 's 2 lived 2 thick 2 antiquated 2 fucking 2 home 2 large 2 couple 2 hands 2 laughter 2 grand 2 my 2 history 2 legs 2 started 2 leg 2 emerged 2 forever 2 civilized 2 weight 2 find 2 site 2 shadow 2 breakfast 2 slav 2 tonight 2 knocked 2 firm 2 rain 2 i 'll 2 nonetheless 2 tight 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 strip 2 blanket 2 stopped 2 companions 2 sat 2 weeks 2 sun 2 six 2 remembered 2 free 2 dangled 2 clay 2 banyan 2 link 2 wedged 2 beer 2 public 2 entry 2 asshole 2 oddly 2 cameras 2 must 2 faces 2 since 2 swung 2 wooden 2 lost 2 watched 2 led 2 spare 2 wear 2 pale 2 native 2 covered 2 asked 2 empty 2 beneath 2 fashion 2 rushed 2 anywhere 2 protested 2 crowded 2 point 2 dread 2 dozen 2 inevitable 2 pause 2 paint 2 films 2 heavy 2 see 2 weather 2 general 2 bitter 2 acid 2 frenchmen 2 resultant 2 instant 2 glasses 2 years 2 bought 2 circular 2 openings 2 party 2 tennis 2 high 2 saw 2 scene 1 greeting 1 supplied 1 concludes 1 london 1 swiveled 1 married 1 eschew 1 inevitability 1 panaflex 1 clang 1 declared 1 corn 1 midair 1 expressions 1 verandas 1 steadily 1 going 1 gloves 1 wild 1 wealthy 1 k 1 lucid 1 bench 1 confab 1 flattened 1 project 1 estimate 1 sheets 1 swarm 1 death 1 loaded 1 blinds 1 semicircle 1 matter 1 flopped 1 invited 1 owned 1 stifled 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 miserable 1 cocooned 1 experimentation 1 pacified 1 ashamed 1 depths 1 obliterated 1 really 1 squatted 1 hacked 1 sweat - stained 1 thunderclouds 1 whom 1 tires 1 wash 1 obi 1 speculating 1 curiously 1 expose 1 rose 1 episode 1 heaped 1 forays 1 prohibition 1 bronzed 1 anymore 1 panel 1 surprise 1 already 1 fetched 1 ghost 1 commented 1 seedy 1 fumes 1 vigorously 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 square 1 tightly 1 tap 1 envy 1 evening 1 devices 1 insiders 1 environments 1 plantations 1 virtue 1 personal 1 allegedly 1 malta 1 goggled 1 banker 1 trauma 1 table 1 yellow 1 dominoes 1 exposure 1 trading 1 pulse 1 vast 1 lofty 1 villas 1 met 1 realizing 1 port 1 travelers 1 logical 1 blasted 1 translations 1 referred 1 polite 1 considering 1 gentleman 1 arrived 1 lid 1 laws 1 stamps 1 advertised 1 driven 1 cities 1 drifted 1 dug 1 overcome 1 rushing 1 offered 1 shut 1 lest 1 alcove 1 precinct 1 motes 1 toiled 1 drinking 1 regular 1 abruptly 1 gothic 1 anxious 1 gnats 1 surviving 1 carpets 1 huge 1 tree 1 third 1 fog - shrouded 1 dumped 1 unsealed 1 jealousy 1 shock 1 clamped 1 strains 1 twitch 1 materialized 1 sculpted 1 furrows 1 hot 1 retorts 1 elsewhere 1 absence 1 lilies 1 plain 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 vasilov 1 bazaar 1 smell 1 distorted 1 birmingham 1 want 1 lemon 1 experiences 1 christian 1 large - scale 1 bath 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 sheet 1 exist 1 siblings 1 right 1 necessary 1 charming 1 conditioning 1 humming 1 proscribed 1 card 1 sick 1 measures 1 creepers 1 four 1 alchemy 1 staggered 1 day - glo 1 halftracks 1 fringes 1 meat 1 rolled 1 bruised 1 entire 1 artists 1 tools 1 conversations 1 surreptitious 1 purchased 1 luck 1 mercifully 1 imperial 1 listened 1 paneled 1 tie 1 sea 1 scandalized 1 coils 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 blocking 1 elite 1 yesterday 1 advance 1 viewings 1 silent 1 snaked 1 trapped 1 argentinean 1 exclaimed 1 bangalore 1 recoil 1 popped 1 terraced 1 hard - bitten 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 elderly 1 bollywood 1 exact 1 self - loathing 1 wry 1 collegiate 1 gorge 1 remaining 1 crap 1 imported 1 investment 1 dreaming 1 quick 1 illnesses 1 bloody 1 dilapidated 1 terrace 1 nina 1 running 1 nervous 1 apprehension 1 dewlapped 1 models 1 refused 1 questions 1 hire 1 beyond 1 illegible 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 relations 1 pit 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 kinda 1 canada 1 embedded 1 alcohol 1 months 1 shaken 1 kept 1 dear 1 rotting 1 handshakes 1 past 1 condos 1 passed 1 backside 1 swished 1 timidity 1 kerosene 1 balcony 1 modernized 1 guides 1 doorman 1 britain 1 shit 1 privately 1 conversation 1 sighs 1 misgivings 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 earlier 1 dusty 1 determined 1 ploughed 1 moments 1 overly 1 affection 1 enormous 1 goes 1 notice 1 hookah 1 motion 1 tourism 1 confines 1 accepted 1 weedy 1 forgotten 1 designers - fran 1 bed 1 urine 1 homeless 1 respective 1 coddling 1 neatly 1 great 1 scarcely 1 europeans 1 sullen 1 walled 1 pictures 1 butt 1 envelope 1 violates 1 follow 1 effort 1 continued 1 timbuktu 1 endless 1 woman 1 sticky 1 grates 1 zero 1 image 1 copy 1 countrymen 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 friday 1 jean 1 ignored 1 supple 1 palpably 1 unease 1 viking 's 1 droves 1 regret 1 roamed 1 interested 1 corrosive 1 lime 1 congregated 1 gozo 1 pissing 1 someone 1 sure 1 foreigners 1 soundlessly 1 onto 1 whole 1 phones 1 guru 1 dorm 1 rattled 1 delhi 1 michelle 1 nose 1 breasts 1 glumly 1 screamed 1 forty - five 1 boisterous 1 lying 1 trembled 1 rubbed 1 intertwined 1 convoluted 1 occasional 1 dissolution 1 ultimately 1 quickening 1 s 1 grimy 1 pleasant 1 disconsolate 1 smithereens 1 plaster 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 acid - filled 1 eight 1 cynicism 1 beat 1 snow - cool 1 cap 1 soot 1 co - host 1 barriers 1 flicked 1 comptroller 1 did 1 bugs 1 chalk - faced 1 evening 's 1 immensity 1 announced 1 erections 1 businessman 1 endeavor 1 ripe 1 mini 1 sweet 1 prepping 1 fence 1 parked 1 waist 1 wallet 1 slender 1 rust 1 hat 1 storm 1 westerners ' 1 blizzard 1 reedy 1 there 's 1 village 1 sounds 1 dappled 1 wheeled 1 unplugged 1 gangs 1 neither 1 survived 1 part 1 where 1 lifeless 1 insane 1 braced 1 lifetime 1 bellicose 1 upon 1 plates 1 stayed 1 employer 1 resumed 1 rim 1 folklore 1 basket 1 patrolled 1 sloppy 1 buddhists 1 stripes 1 placate 1 locals 1 ached 1 enthused 1 eighty 1 slimy 1 adjoined 1 seven 1 pasture 1 jerk 's 1 bioluminescent 1 west 1 museum 1 pipe 1 shriveled 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 registered 1 rub 1 flat 1 elbow 1 compatriots 1 unzipped 1 vendor 1 calamity 1 fly 1 less 1 talker 1 casually 1 dance 1 ink 1 tasted 1 accent 1 creaked 1 skull 1 lukewarm 1 stuck 1 identity 1 roaring 1 devil 1 almost 1 fbi 1 bellowing 1 deserted 1 contacts 1 toward 1 yeah - good 1 insoluble 1 cooperation 1 eminent 1 washed 1 obliviously 1 fluorescent 1 science 1 mr 1 crowd 1 embryonic 1 leather 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 slashed 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 passing 1 odor 1 choose 1 tensions 1 teardrop 1 grew 1 displayed 1 mumbled 1 fabric 1 scorched 1 robes 1 film 1 mist 1 handed 1 impression 1 liquor 1 spot - a 1 ahead 1 non 1 glass 1 location 1 indians 1 playing 1 resisted 1 label 1 forced 1 inside 1 likely 1 shorter 1 barely 1 cluttered 1 settled 1 rings 1 satellite 1 floodlights 1 drinks 1 remove 1 pursuit 1 docile 1 scattering 1 whooping 1 mind 1 offing 1 lag 1 award 1 import 1 sleek 1 alley 1 carpet 1 noose 1 crushingly 1 accented 1 paved 1 lower 1 accounts 1 edifice 1 branding 1 some - thing 1 dashing 1 wingtip 1 paintings 1 scummy 1 harris 1 sender 1 electrified 1 muttered 1 stage - whispered 1 worthy 1 oxford 1 except 1 hand - scrawled 1 crackled 1 casino 1 faux 1 wankers 1 oise 1 honeydew 1 deposited 1 entered 1 curry 1 sweltering 1 hung 1 aftermath 1 powerful 1 manner 1 shamelessly 1 eclectic 1 thrill 1 multitudes 1 thickening 1 breaker 1 exit 1 consultant 1 culture 1 kilroy 1 bathhouses 1 guide 1 blared 1 speakers 1 abutted 1 dissolving 1 humiliating 1 elusiveness 1 dishes 1 broken 1 reports 1 pimp 1 doctors 1 desolate 1 harbor 1 polished 1 concentrated 1 sharp 1 alleys 1 gaped 1 halfheartedly 1 faith 1 followed 1 strange 1 borrowed 1 development - perhaps 1 quasi - political 1 trek 1 meant 1 straight 1 santa 1 complexion 1 sandaled 1 grata 1 swilled 1 farewells 1 subdued 1 walkways 1 executive 1 blonde 1 jammed 1 lie 1 flights 1 chief 1 derived 1 keening 1 july 1 possibly 1 funeral 1 may 1 presently 1 different 1 displays 1 functional 1 demarcated 1 casinos 1 pleasure 1 glances 1 forearm 1 extraordinary 1 candle 1 tigers 1 blocks 1 crying 1 blimp 1 corridor 1 cabs 1 opium 1 hard 1 styling 1 brilliantly 1 ominous 1 entertained 1 surely 1 flickering 1 sundry 1 vied 1 swimmer 1 toppled 1 managed 1 fag 1 rubbish 1 exploded 1 haunches 1 surmounted 1 scouting 1 scale 1 heels 1 clumps 1 inveterate 1 tape 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 exhaled 1 pigs ' 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 picasso 1 also 1 distribution 1 sheds 1 aboard 1 heritage 1 erosion 1 outright 1 albeit 1 golden 1 brows 1 galleries 1 adversity 1 estates 1 exhaustion 1 standing 1 cut 1 lent 1 evidence 1 participant 's 1 palestinian 1 1970s 1 vaulted 1 dialed 1 plains 1 chambers 1 rural 1 scratchy 1 camera 1 illuminate 1 safer 1 royalty 1 fingered 1 overwhelmed 1 transplantation 1 posed 1 estimation 1 chuckled 1 played 1 seawalls 1 guess 1 cream - colored 1 ancient 1 overgrown 1 inset 1 amsterdam 1 decades 1 north 1 chick - ens 1 chamber 1 slices 1 tripod - mounted 1 dubious 1 suite 's 1 afraid 1 photographed 1 weathergirl 1 you 'll 1 would n't 1 coupling 1 accustomed 1 ascend 1 coiled 1 tossed 1 smiles 1 filled 1 dying 1 string 1 turned 1 happier 1 auction 1 consented 1 edged 1 politely 1 sacks 1 tin 1 developers 1 rudimentary 1 outskirts 1 boxes 1 pushing 1 throat 1 guys 1 loosened 1 netherlander 1 shooting 1 words 1 violations 1 alongside 1 shallow 1 mahogany 1 citizen 1 ditches 1 agonizing 1 sapporo 1 panels 1 box 1 hired 1 pine 1 shiny 1 distant 1 charge 1 boleros 1 christmas 1 columns 1 ice 1 cutthroats 1 chin 1 spent 1 scars 1 idiot 1 magic 1 rail 1 gift 1 issued 1 accompany 1 partying 1 discarding 1 chickens 1 nearby 1 miasma 1 grinned 1 particularly 1 effect 1 moved 1 bushes 1 backs 1 pop 1 cowardice 1 trying 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 reinforced 1 major 1 obscured 1 disembodied 1 idly 1 bastard 1 drifting 1 infamous 1 intensified 1 vigor 1 adventurer 1 massed 1 serve 1 cock 1 stumbling 1 materials 1 cozy 1 tied 1 previous 1 slack 1 imagine 1 seal 1 board 1 panama 1 land 1 lights 1 automatons 1 elbows 1 lots 1 stupor 1 seventeenth - century 1 girth 1 upright 1 insignia 1 trigger 1 worked 1 ladies 1 ended 1 picking 1 demeanor 1 crepes 1 rumors 1 undressed 1 regardless 1 snappy 1 winos 1 stretch 1 blushed 1 vomit 1 western 1 rendezvous 1 slums 1 pairs 1 certain 1 barrel 1 occur 1 mosquito 1 bunch 1 lascivious 1 directly 1 amount 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 slides 1 police 1 marked 1 confirmed 1 told 1 flown 1 galoshes 1 kliegs 1 occasionally 1 gold - red 1 cloaked 1 absurdity 1 genuinely 1 intervals 1 swiping 1 heads 1 manors 1 inland 1 jet 1 taught 1 emaciation 1 smiling 1 expanse 1 libelous 1 grandparents 1 drums 1 meanwhile 1 settlement 1 yourself 1 fugue 1 iron - hot - affair 1 stroked 1 tapped 1 city 1 testicles 1 wrinkled 1 instinctive 1 buffoon 1 hated 1 kissed 1 curled 1 crooked 1 infrastructure 1 antiquity 1 ankles 1 helpless 1 fuming 1 liaison 1 house 1 houses 1 earth 1 disintegrating 1 denial 1 boyfriend 1 young 1 thankful 1 center 1 slipped 1 sconces 1 physical 1 gel 1 glitzy 1 arrange 1 relentless 1 sickly 1 melody 1 prefabricated 1 hazardous 1 power 1 lighted 1 code 1 reception 1 sneered 1 claim 1 tears 1 raul 1 cornice 1 girl 1 british 1 exotic 1 swarms 1 plopped 1 swiftly 1 unworthiness 1 systems 1 might ' ve 1 total 1 welcomed 1 well - heeled 1 submit 1 flaccidity 1 let 's 1 siamese 1 unless 1 alight 1 content 1 hours 1 canvas 1 designer 1 buses 1 wood 1 ashtrays 1 anyway 1 whoever 1 below 1 sentiment 1 romance 1 cantina 1 ministry 1 speak 1 temporary 1 equally 1 recreational 1 clue 1 layers 1 warned 1 painted 1 mock 1 waving 1 sagging 1 call 1 gingerly 1 filed 1 escort 1 items 1 syncopation 1 whomever 1 high - rise 1 significant 1 extended 1 scofflaw 1 volunteered 1 tentacle 1 amazed 1 bathhouse 1 talk 1 heartbeat 1 splash 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 severed 1 nam 1 post 1 easily 1 arrive 1 bathing 1 opposite 1 war 1 spanish 1 arrival 1 atlantic 1 memorial 1 climbed 1 lip 1 honey 1 sculptures 1 leeched 1 producer 1 beast 1 amongst 1 predicted 1 guttered 1 oh 1 joint 1 hatefully 1 language 1 lengthy 1 staff 1 wordlessly 1 colonial 1 hydrochloric 1 misshapen 1 promotion 1 directions 1 recording 1 earshot 1 extraordinarily 1 assured 1 lifting 1 circulated 1 main 1 morning 1 pumped 1 cross - fire 1 reminded 1 fizzed 1 mercy 1 grumbling 1 drive 1 effects 1 crumbling 1 deep - sea 1 arch 1 opening 1 rubber 1 autumn 1 marble 1 life 1 moment 1 betrayed 1 odd 1 drably 1 orbit 1 bombing 1 minsk 1 model 1 tenth - floor 1 lasted 1 terrible 1 avenue 1 fractious 1 spotted 1 addition 1 jocularity 1 cattle 1 subterranean 1 sky 1 beginning 1 heat 1 brass 1 rifles 1 italian 1 similarly 1 plucking 1 ignore 1 map 1 half - concealed 1 dreamed 1 everglades 1 faintly 1 dull 1 case 1 eerie 1 obscenity 1 seam 1 frequencies 1 bucket 1 ago 1 hindu - flavored 1 suzuki 1 slip 1 fearless 1 machete 1 labyrinthine 1 together 1 crossbones 1 lounge 1 battered 1 animal 1 photo 1 closet 1 dilettante 1 dreary 1 compartmentalized 1 handful 1 yards 1 continent 1 purple 1 spooky 1 sensation 1 exhibitions 1 balls 1 understood 1 introductions 1 happened 1 impact 1 thoughts 1 brutally 1 conglomerate 1 commonplace 1 random 1 mexico 1 viet 1 raising 1 oil 1 everybody 1 twos 1 contents 1 butts 1 barbarian 1 vine 1 broads 1 smuggled 1 opened 1 signs 1 speaker 1 collection 1 smothered 1 hotels 1 burgeoning 1 cia 1 provided 1 clothed 1 baroque 1 proceed 1 belt 1 sidewalk 1 violent 1 creature 1 built 1 reek 1 types 1 disk 1 accepting 1 abroad 1 spine 1 credit 1 balaclavas 1 cheerfully 1 breeze 1 become 1 expect 1 louder 1 awake 1 smartly 1 recognition 1 pleased 1 nightclubbing 1 swing 1 driver 1 chose 1 scant 1 feature 1 hollow 1 cranked 1 whose 1 paranoia 1 thinking 1 nervously 1 stifle 1 heart 1 restaurants 1 talked 1 concession 1 vicious 1 bribe 1 acquaintance 1 love 1 wishing 1 briskly 1 thrashed 1 lobby 1 work 1 scarred 1 stories 1 naturally 1 bastards 1 lock 1 commerce 's 1 unto 1 tolerance 1 shrill 1 service 1 exceedingly 1 feeling 1 re - creating 1 unconsciousness 1 thanks 1 peeled 1 silence 1 fords 1 cruises 1 attention 1 minor 1 sleeve 1 blood - warm 1 tropical 1 countries 1 exile 1 discover 1 stock 1 melancholy 1 finished 1 semen 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 sarongs 1 hidden 1 block 1 however 1 naturalized 1 sly 1 exertions 1 crushed 1 brief 1 nausea 1 outlined 1 year 1 usa 1 ashtray 1 embarrassment 1 booze - drenched 1 we ' ve 1 sniping 1 considered 1 balaclava 1 borne 1 moist 1 fore 1 screeching 1 witness 1 gangway 1 pears 1 subset 1 trees 1 nights 1 consulate 1 indulgently 1 heel 1 mosaic 1 limey 1 infected 1 command 1 skin 1 flawless 1 smithee 1 seeped 1 nice 1 strappado 1 cultivated 1 unexpected 1 pairings 1 became 1 dry 1 sniffing 1 popular 1 whispery 1 exactly 1 hey 1 septic 1 i 'd 1 ruins 1 smashed 1 sluiced 1 epitome 1 eh 1 dress 1 doubtful 1 wilderness 1 not - happening 1 preferably 1 deeply 1 retired 1 storage 1 slick 1 debauchers 1 cloying 1 ring 1 steam 1 freshly 1 satisfaction 1 fifty - five - gallon 1 belligerently 1 instructed 1 retracted 1 waxed 1 quantity 1 connecticut 1 cars 1 collected 1 meticulously 1 gardening 1 whirlwind 1 frames 1 hirsute 1 quality 1 passport 1 tips 1 vision 1 thus 1 daily 1 brushing 1 conjecture 1 profoundly 1 one - time 1 bright 1 summer 1 roman 1 laden 1 hold 1 rotating 1 felt 1 same 1 named 1 nightclub 1 rich 1 nabobs 1 sarcasm 1 explanation 1 hour 1 sent 1 occupied 1 droplets 1 additions 1 rumor 1 clanged 1 den 1 lark 1 smelled 1 mauling 1 broke 1 chain 1 bangkok 1 netting 1 white - bread 1 space 1 lives 1 recriminations 1 hollywood 1 passage 1 slid 1 explosions 1 arrested 1 macabre 1 luis 1 chocolate 1 wharfs 1 influenced 1 ruts 1 inducted 1 reeked 1 thunderously 1 assuredly 1 surf 1 slideshow 1 piles 1 visited 1 pulls 1 supine 1 slapping 1 fully 1 lavish 1 children 1 stroll 1 turbans 1 huddle 1 reflected 1 body 1 garbed 1 darwin 1 titillating 1 style 1 vines 1 companies 1 eardrum - shattering 1 hole 1 single 1 drew 1 pocket 1 mildly 1 faded 1 shoes 1 persona 1 pulled 1 lockers 1 howl 1 sale 1 crates 1 segued 1 intact 1 ushered 1 interpol 1 chewing 1 lethargic 1 always 1 donated 1 banded 1 fro 1 alive 1 insulating 1 bloated 1 sulu 1 lifeblood 1 contingent 1 strolled 1 alan 1 exclusive 1 apparently 1 somewhat 1 stream 1 echoed 1 taxi 1 how 'd 1 acutely 1 quarter - mile 1 pools 1 track 1 dreams 1 trip 1 dizziness 1 methodically 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 travel 1 bank 1 collection - estate 1 untucked 1 youth 1 garden 1 perfectly 1 enlisting 1 knees 1 coterie 1 done 1 outlets 1 backlit 1 stench 1 idea 1 corner 1 sallow 1 acclimated 1 cocktail 1 confided 1 hillsides 1 slightly 1 equal 1 slaughter 1 awaited 1 fishily 1 techno 1 englishman 1 marauding 1 exaggerated 1 glitter 1 story 1 nightmare 1 press 1 tarps 1 swallowed 1 capsized 1 laboring 1 argue 1 coast 1 uneven 1 pond 1 hangovers 1 quickly 1 otherwise 1 terminal 1 promises 1 gloom 1 scratched 1 could n't 1 darkened 1 yes 1 secure 1 marathon 1 daylight 1 boor 1 perimeter 1 mildest 1 tourist 1 cyclopean 1 gunny 1 randomly 1 fragments 1 crisp 1 cocktails 1 glowed 1 misgiving 1 travels 1 looming 1 womb 1 calmness 1 neglect 1 unauthorized 1 confiscated 1 forthcoming 1 swimmingly 1 tremor 1 junkets 1 seniors 1 familiar 1 humidity 1 cried 1 blazer 1 blocks - the 1 trap 1 appeasing 1 avoiding 1 pull 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 shuffle 1 lungs 1 marshes 1 instead 1 drank 1 vase 1 florid 1 exclamations 1 gripped 1 sunk 1 crucified 1 limes 1 low 1 held 1 baggy 1 take 1 hangover 1 tapping 1 ivory 1 developed 1 minute 1 knives 1 impossible 1 occasions 1 elegant 1 volunteers 1 westerners 1 claude 1 formal 1 stems 1 tri - headed 1 circumstances 1 kolkata 1 fell 1 surrounded 1 cursed 1 killed 1 brazen 1 window 1 starless 1 persistent 1 champagne 1 owners 1 jap 1 scattered 1 prospect 1 obstreperous 1 present 1 funneled 1 headed 1 preserve 1 drove 1 recorders 1 ate 1 stem 1 copies 1 eyeless 1 exhibit 1 designated 1 health 1 drown 1 discarded 1 tried 1 shops 1 walked 1 comparing 1 enjoy 1 gradually 1 grimaces 1 lagoon 1 bourbon 1 subsided 1 attired 1 ramp 1 gently 1 projected 1 accident 1 sampler 1 snarled 1 tell 1 leave 1 meager 1 stage 1 earnestly 1 appointed 1 souvenirs 1 strewn 1 congruently 1 fired 1 delirium 1 sneaked 1 expense 1 affair 1 shepherded 1 modern 1 completely 1 bees 1 lines 1 translucent 1 gold 1 looking 1 coonskin 1 melt 1 victor 1 chance 1 favored 1 impediment - he 1 commenced 1 glue 1 name 1 scout 1 learn 1 buried 1 vertigo 1 skip 1 gelled 1 confinement 1 pens 1 anything 1 group 's 1 burn 1 pseudonym 1 cream 1 us 1 emotions 1 brought 1 threaded 1 avoided 1 exhibits 1 homeland 1 buttock 1 elbow - length 1 touching 1 ridge 1 underground 1 stupid 1 remained 1 times 1 past- 1 be - hind 1 success 1 team 1 noises 1 appearance 1 venues 1 picture 1 tokyo 1 chopping 927 .
the broadsword - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the broadsword 859 the 495 and 422 a 331 of 289 his 274 he 274 to 252 in 185 was 128 you 110 it 103 from 103 pershing 94 that 91 him 91 on 89 with 82 for 80 i 79 as 78 at 73 her 67 had 67 said 60 she 55 this 54 they 50 or 50 he 'd 50 an 47 were 47 if 47 into 44 be 43 by 41 what 40 like 39 their 39 one 37 so 37 not 36 them 35 about 34 mel 33 but 33 terry 33 through 32 when 31 more 31 wanda 30 me 30 no 29 than 29 is 28 who 27 we 27 there 27 out 26 over 26 all 26 around 25 do n't 25 been 24 got 24 two 24 then 23 your 22 would 22 its 22 back 22 come 22 how 22 made 22 did n't 22 night 21 i ' m 21 elgin 21 after 21 up 21 apartment 21 have 21 are 20 man 20 my 20 himself 20 while 18 could 18 do 18 which 17 pershing 's 17 away 17 just 17 went 17 off 17 old 16 some 16 other 16 too 16 few 16 these 15 now 15 until 15 face 15 thought 15 hand 14 even 14 behind 14 broadsword 14 hell 14 black 14 own 14 long 14 it 's 14 years 14 room 13 better 13 dark 13 gave 13 did 13 left 13 know 13 well 13 stood 13 time 13 oh 13 down 13 here 13 day 13 head 12 going 12 get 12 right 12 was n't 12 came 12 seen 12 only 12 make 12 every 12 maybe 12 light 12 detective 12 called 12 see 12 before 11 something 11 much 11 days 11 told 11 girl 11 had n't 11 lived 11 heart 11 water 11 three 11 put 11 tell 11 door 11 anything 11 along 10 that 's 10 near 10 little 10 you 're 10 any 10 where 10 heard 10 wanted 10 should 10 hours 10 eyes 10 wanda 's 10 vent 10 could n't 10 across 9 gone 9 people 9 eric 9 many 9 say 9 woman 9 shadows 9 woods 9 mind 9 place 9 men 9 person 9 house 9 morning 9 home 9 couple 9 took 9 several 9 yet 9 ever 9 saw 9 first 8 really 8 dennard 8 go 8 we 'll 8 talking 8 way 8 our 8 smiled 8 upon 8 last 8 against 8 inside 8 why 8 another 8 such 8 hotel 8 klecko 8 lay 8 hopkins 8 gina 8 drink 8 hands 8 cabin 8 will 8 i 'll 8 felt 8 because 8 wife 8 ask 8 take 8 window 8 she 'd 7 can 7 never 7 neck 7 end 7 someone 7 sure 7 wall 7 good 7 least 7 almost 7 toward 7 mr 7 glass 7 terry 's 7 sound 7 phone 7 bottle 7 bit 7 knew 7 red 7 during 7 darkness 7 life 7 moment 7 heat 7 dead 7 stared 7 second 7 love 7 find 7 trees 7 skin 7 friend 7 asked 7 done 7 small 7 weather 7 walked 7 five 7 enough 7 thing 6 danger 6 building 6 table 6 set 6 bad 6 stuff 6 late 6 fire 6 wine 6 hair 6 orange 6 wrong 6 those 6 months 6 turn 6 soon 6 living 6 superintendent 6 most 6 there 's 6 somebody 6 i ' ve 6 office 6 yeah 6 none 6 being 6 hard 6 fear 6 coming 6 minutes 6 brain 6 grinned 6 moved 6 pop 6 afternoon 6 certain 6 things 6 police 6 think 6 nothing 6 everything 6 mom 6 although 6 below 6 feet 6 arm 6 family 6 mouth 6 sense 6 rest 6 might 6 jimmy 6 ordbecker 6 quite 6 walker 6 blood 6 weeks 6 children 6 always 6 lost 6 watched 6 within 6 dressed 6 dreams 6 she 's 6 school 6 either 6 closer 6 us 5 drunk 5 real 5 elgin 's 5 tree 5 hot 5 who 'd 5 watching 5 damn 5 they 'd 5 later 5 kept 5 under 5 bed 5 great 5 child 5 new 5 sugar 5 voice 5 actually 5 anyone 5 relationship 5 hat 5 big 5 else 5 course 5 kids 5 gloria 5 percy 5 except 5 nobody 5 is n't 5 air 5 cops 5 chuckled 5 hills 5 turned 5 week 5 clouds 5 lights 5 outside 5 young 5 car 5 whispered 5 open 5 pack 5 odd 5 system 5 care 5 visit 5 together 5 cold 5 distance 5 frame 5 laughter 5 feel 5 started 5 sly 5 became 5 sweat 5 broke 5 between 5 dinner 5 body 5 appeared 5 shook 5 darkened 5 laughed 5 found 5 dozen 5 finally 5 killed 5 floor 5 noticed 5 side 5 name 5 glasses 5 mark 5 pair 5 high 4 dropped 4 everyone 4 owned 4 depths 4 hear 4 figured 4 saying 4 met 4 white 4 sleep 4 eventually 4 shut 4 prior 4 couch 4 want 4 tenants 4 ethel 4 four 4 tools 4 coffee 4 god 4 alone 4 questions 4 beyond 4 past 4 passed 4 conversation 4 order 4 kind 4 pretty 4 needed 4 screamed 4 acquired 4 ceiling 4 fact 4 sometimes 4 meet 4 state 4 decided 4 next 4 died 4 hit 4 worry 4 passing 4 recorder 4 clothes 4 seemed 4 soft 4 bedroom 4 meant 4 lisa 4 baby 4 give 4 managed 4 girlfriend 4 best 4 damp 4 camp 4 caused 4 played 4 edge 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 despite 4 porch 4 box 4 spent 4 trying 4 figures 4 flesh 4 eye 4 fine 4 watch 4 meanwhile 4 line 4 furnace 4 olympia 4 vents 4 working 4 lighted 4 let 's 4 surveying 4 forms 4 whatever 4 bowl 4 yards 4 purple 4 happened 4 leaves 4 work 4 stories 4 hearing 4 half 4 kid 4 let 4 shadow 4 still 4 wind 4 rain 4 usually 4 stars 4 sat 4 sun 4 thus 4 others 4 spread 4 friends 4 gesture 4 faces 4 hole 4 since 4 television 4 knees 4 corner 4 slightly 4 true 4 unpleasant 4 scared 4 beneath 4 reached 4 quickly 4 moving 4 nearly 4 held 4 heavy 4 peace 4 tried 4 stage 4 remained 4 times 3 married 3 immediately 3 p 3 stone 3 rose 3 rocks 3 soda 3 happy 3 milk 3 green 3 job 3 organic 3 freeman 3 dragged 3 eating 3 relief 3 valley 3 doing 3 third 3 monday 3 boy 3 area 3 booze 3 affected 3 rolled 3 listened 3 he 's 3 lips 3 college 3 cheek 3 man 's 3 suggested 3 kinda 3 dear 3 understand 3 preferred 3 move 3 brother 3 without 3 manticore 3 fan 3 birthday 3 composed 3 rattled 3 start 3 bone 3 father 3 money 3 ten 3 september 3 look 3 mountains 3 again 3 means 3 119 3 west 3 lemonade 3 probably 3 custodian 3 sarah 3 hiking 3 pete 3 cast 3 company 3 m 3 middle 3 grew 3 younger 3 playing 3 missing 3 drinks 3 older 3 break 3 glanced 3 what 's 3 forest 3 have n't 3 crazy 3 dishes 3 strange 3 leaned 3 figure 3 windows 3 sneaking 3 jesus 3 waited 3 event 3 question 3 also 3 realized 3 field 3 forth 3 human 3 dirt 3 closed 3 showed 3 has 3 marina 3 meter 3 guys 3 use 3 star 3 fellow 3 mean 3 bushes 3 search 3 learned 3 stumbling 3 worked 3 situation 3 stretch 3 top 3 directly 3 waiting 3 yourself 3 word 3 sports 3 need 3 does 3 thankfully 3 cup 3 threw 3 regina 3 tears 3 itself 3 fingers 3 hate 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 lady 3 call 3 singing 3 talk 3 post 3 wished 3 climbed 3 weak 3 chatting 3 static 3 spooked 3 case 3 silver 3 shoe 3 we 're 3 battered 3 formed 3 closet 3 touched 3 operation 3 station 3 wound 3 mel 's 3 getting 3 connie 3 waved 3 tales 3 large 3 memory 3 become 3 betsy 3 downtown 3 enjoyed 3 each 3 smile 3 close 3 however 3 allowed 3 muscles 3 imagined 3 tonight 3 knocked 3 joints 3 very 3 nonetheless 3 problem 3 wilderness 3 blanket 3 stopped 3 deep 3 six 3 remembered 3 often 3 bright 3 described 3 same 3 named 3 dim 3 you ' ve 3 smelled 3 ordbeckers 3 attack 3 beer 3 pulled 3 gods 3 pretending 3 chop 3 touch 3 cared 3 shoulder 3 got ta 3 used 3 story 3 looks 3 served 3 gloom 3 sign 3 spy 3 dread 3 drank 3 clear 3 books 3 bobby 3 fell 3 surrounded 3 once 3 wore 3 fog 3 headed 3 leave 3 meager 3 massive 3 desk 3 short 3 sleeping 3 brought 3 remain 3 checked 3 anne 2 boxers 2 zipped 2 interview 2 super 2 wild 2 wait 2 share 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 matter 2 tables 2 wo n't 2 trouble 2 local 2 suspicion 2 whom 2 show 2 1973 2 return 2 serious 2 keep 2 supply 2 spend 2 already 2 thanked 2 ghost 2 dripped 2 heavily 2 stains 2 psychic 2 evening 2 whistling 2 allegedly 2 owner 2 yellow 2 seconds 2 radiated 2 country 2 flared 2 degenerated 2 expression 2 wonder 2 considering 2 bring 2 parties 2 both 2 regular 2 mumble 2 tumbled 2 haunted 2 stygian 2 dad 2 restaurant 2 rather 2 age 2 there 'd 2 volume 2 bottles 2 key 2 save 2 experiences 2 bath 2 husband 2 2 2 doubt - less 2 card 2 thursday 2 moss 2 whispering 2 primordial 2 meat 2 experience 2 entire 2 plastic 2 erased 2 depot 2 hill 2 dream 2 woke 2 murmured 2 church 2 pulsed 2 crap 2 emanated 2 running 2 switch 2 swept 2 grasped 2 weirdoes 2 picked 2 stiff 2 mysterious 2 clearing 2 possible 2 metal 2 poured 2 split 2 jack 2 anxiety 2 sweetie 2 dusty 2 goes 2 buildings 2 radio 2 accepted 2 department 2 brightened 2 suspected 2 sticky 2 attracted 2 drinker 2 chair 2 narrow 2 following 2 sorry 2 definitely 2 they 're 2 gleamed 2 interested 2 grown 2 onto 2 fissure 2 whole 2 expensive 2 finger 2 would ' ve 2 occasional 2 voices 2 grimy 2 giggled 2 antique 2 forward 2 floors 2 hoped 2 flicked 2 gina 's 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 report 2 weekend 2 passenger 2 stop 2 rang 2 information 2 wallet 2 rust 2 misery 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 sounds 2 part 2 rescue 2 lifetime 2 insisted 2 knows 2 stayed 2 nebulous 2 recall 2 ached 2 convinced 2 elbow 2 recession 2 less 2 casually 2 tall 2 fixed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 lately 2 finding 2 bus 2 crowd 2 coy 2 beckoned 2 slashed 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 leaving 2 impression 2 liquor 2 clayton 2 constant 2 crew 2 ones 2 regarded 2 kitchen 2 certainly 2 engine 2 tomorrow 2 flickered 2 forced 2 suspect 2 peculiar 2 struck 2 steady 2 disappeared 2 escape 2 falsetto 2 hundred 2 consider 2 upstairs 2 shone 2 freight 2 lower 2 sounded 2 funny 2 uneasily 2 ridges 2 neighborhood 2 occurred 2 friendly 2 tendrils 2 visiting 2 cripes 2 view 2 okay 2 besides 2 ruled 2 exchanged 2 news 2 ball 2 devils 2 followed 2 beam 2 halls 2 plunged 2 emergency 2 moldy 2 early 2 lugging 2 nancy 2 morris 2 molding 2 executive 2 farfetched 2 acoustics 2 possibly 2 funeral 2 hid 2 hall 2 different 2 pleasure 2 seattle 2 lighting 2 glare 2 number 2 proved 2 having 2 blackened 2 carried 2 far 2 makes 2 maple 2 pad 2 slammed 2 especially 2 baseball 2 ha 2 cash 2 rise 2 dialed 2 lake 2 suite 2 guess 2 comfortable 2 catch 2 decades 2 dealt 2 round 2 illumination 2 routinely 2 son 2 cooling 2 syrupy 2 personality 2 teeth 2 complex 2 nine 2 marred 2 reason 2 labored 2 stretched 2 muffled 2 throbbing 2 continue 2 words 2 temperature 2 events 2 sandwiches 2 lot 2 notion 2 chin 2 fleshy 2 scope 2 nodded 2 softly 2 nearby 2 bet 2 retirement 2 returned 2 stay 2 embarrassingly 2 sudden 2 above 2 help 2 bastard 2 slurred 2 play 2 intensified 2 obviously 2 spade 2 prank 2 elevator 2 previous 2 staying 2 presence 2 thank 2 constance 2 check 2 naked 2 nature 2 note 2 keeping 2 colossal 2 race 2 kidneys 2 visions 2 bar 2 caverns 2 hide 2 answered 2 twinkled 2 city 2 wrinkled 2 dementia 2 kissed 2 grief 2 neighboring 2 ceased 2 earth 2 crooning 2 slipped 2 offline 2 wiped 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 higgins 2 patted 2 apocalypse 2 raving 2 portion 2 happens 2 mostly 2 mattress 2 wrote 2 normalcy 2 mystery 2 comment 2 judging 2 suits 2 he 'll 2 who 's 2 bathroom 2 ears 2 muted 2 breathed 2 friend 's 2 anybody 2 pains 2 nerves 2 tittered 2 blue 2 constantly 2 cards 2 nowhere 2 15 2 isolated 2 sofa 2 lifted 2 calling 2 subterranean 2 rank 2 inner 2 dreamed 2 california 2 surface 2 mass 2 gore 2 trick 2 girls 2 guessed 2 extra 2 bonfire 2 security 2 clash 2 shh 2 grin 2 run 2 answer 2 please 2 nah 2 opened 2 grab 2 revealed 2 wickedness 2 gathered 2 memories 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 burned 2 fit 2 careful 2 driver 2 record 2 talked 2 uncle 2 october 2 miles 2 emerged 2 whether 2 feeling 2 silence 2 grave 2 circuit 2 full 2 finished 2 panic 2 hidden 2 accompanied 2 brief 2 rooms 2 we ' ve 2 ordbecker 's 2 worst 2 fluttered 2 hello 2 happen 2 huddled 2 direction 2 stalking 2 inverted 2 teacher 2 sweetbreads 2 dry 2 campsite 2 numbers 2 warm 2 exactly 2 hey 2 overhead 2 dress 2 strangers 2 ring 2 pitcher 2 cars 2 gasped 2 quality 2 food 2 consecutive 2 asleep 2 thrilled 2 free 2 branches 2 sent 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 graduated 2 given 2 feed 2 lives 2 truth 2 stripped 2 slid 2 though 2 cabellos 2 secret 2 visited 2 rounds 2 looked 2 thirty - six 2 draped 2 entry 2 must 2 needle 2 imagination 2 lobster 2 pocket 2 dunno 2 normally 2 dogs 2 machines 2 ravine 2 easier 2 suffered 2 apparently 2 myself 2 ready 2 eric 's 2 track 2 wear 2 pale 2 bored 2 says 2 stench 2 spring 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 nightmares 2 empty 2 joy 2 hearth 2 guy 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 nightmare 2 background 2 remote 2 melting 2 yes 2 daylight 2 base 2 change 2 are n't 2 glowed 2 stashed 2 lurked 2 roughly 2 does n't 2 cox 2 fancy 2 mindless 2 sort 2 game 2 reading 2 bigger 2 former 2 jerky 2 glow 2 fifty 2 sixth 2 refrigerator 2 mold 2 impossible 2 occasions 2 claimed 2 maintained 2 coolness 2 officer 2 cave 2 turns 2 robber 2 bugged 2 obstreperous 2 randy 2 drove 2 ghostly 2 clammy 2 compass 2 quiet 2 task 2 clock 2 concerns 2 senses 2 glance 2 whispers 2 supper 2 delirium 2 shirt 2 town 2 pump 2 gotten 2 helped 2 acid 2 looking 2 paid 2 seventy 2 simply 2 guilt 2 oozed 2 appreciation 2 vest 2 latest 2 noted 2 hang 2 crossed 2 shop 2 homeland 2 brown 2 bought 2 quarter 2 hugged 2 ghosts 2 slithered 1 levity 1 unexpectedly 1 descended 1 supplied 1 calm 1 taken 1 sole 1 voluptuous 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 belonged 1 lounging 1 gray 1 inimitable 1 medicine 1 single - bedroom 1 twenty 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 doorways 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 trust 1 bedrooms - elgin 1 settling 1 steadily 1 silly 1 batting 1 haste 1 gruesome 1 seeing 1 tenancy 1 fluid 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 mimicking 1 siege 1 white - gloved 1 broad - sword 1 fair 1 ballgames 1 tragic 1 fiercely 1 industrial 1 signaled 1 booth 1 who - ever 1 8 1 slung 1 headache 1 muck 1 quaking 1 peaked 1 noting 1 gourmands 1 appropriate 1 rate 1 coals 1 dramatically 1 density 1 remarking 1 extricated 1 unceremoniously 1 source 1 dwells 1 thunderclap 1 failed 1 sink 1 sanctuary 1 puckered 1 allowing 1 ear 1 boyhood 1 roosting 1 1 1 tattoo 1 sufficient 1 sumed 1 abiding 1 wash 1 finish 1 wring 1 cooked 1 acceptance 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 demented 1 roared 1 appearance - his 1 hardwood 1 1983 1 chided 1 surprise 1 matted 1 daze 1 cracks 1 fetched 1 semblance 1 commented 1 antennas 1 echoing 1 exchange 1 backpack 1 um 1 veteran 1 wad 1 tightly 1 for - est 1 arms 1 latter 1 thigh 1 surpassed 1 gloomy 1 environments 1 fritz 1 blemishes 1 classier 1 relieve 1 taffy 1 rent 1 hissed 1 deal 1 personal 1 thoroughfares 1 nattering 1 soundless 1 banker 1 sweaty 1 suspension 1 historian 1 encampment 1 exposure 1 though - you 're 1 sidled 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 pulse 1 radical 1 logic 1 vast 1 tunes 1 student 1 partly 1 nightclub - cum - gambling 1 made - in - china 1 gape 1 architect 1 torch 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 counting 1 leader 1 after - dinner 1 grudging 1 missed 1 violet 1 blasted 1 impatient 1 referred 1 coordination 1 detached 1 captor 1 bakery 1 geophysical 1 burglar 1 bats 1 brow 1 devour 1 crib 1 sight 1 vino 1 protected 1 arrived 1 cabinet 1 misses 1 relented 1 far - mainly 1 drifted 1 dug 1 overcome 1 offered 1 jumble 1 male 1 spied 1 concrete 1 explanations 1 precinct 1 flashing 1 mainly 1 lyrics 1 unimaginable 1 speed 1 toiled 1 drinking 1 located 1 rafters 1 zipper 1 nasty 1 wet 1 brad 1 twisted 1 signals 1 thumbs 1 chrysalis 1 spurred 1 adopted 1 candles 1 universe 1 wacko 1 daunting 1 jealousy 1 estate 1 cocked 1 route 1 observers ' 1 pattering 1 pulling 1 cur - rent 1 cosmos 1 patently 1 stoking 1 kerouac 1 elsewhere 1 styrofoam 1 stairwells 1 scotch 1 c'm on 1 tailored 1 perry 1 foreign 1 amused 1 district 1 irritable 1 infinite 1 sock 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 mental 1 lemon 1 vogue 1 fried 1 jeezus 1 foot 1 tiles 1 wrap 1 inexplicable 1 replaced 1 shale 1 worker 1 unidentifiable 1 hair - line 1 gas 1 snug 1 hope 1 knife 1 dimly 1 columned 1 exist 1 transformed 1 gets 1 criminal 1 construction 1 today 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 sport 1 fret 1 yolks 1 cloths 1 conditioning 1 doorway 1 titanic 1 tail 1 extent 1 heirs 1 spree 1 fix 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 pincers 1 measures 1 gunned 1 sinking 1 taxes 1 verse 1 dawn 1 fringes 1 mastery 1 tract 1 terrified 1 lane 1 tiptoed 1 purchased 1 perched 1 season 1 clumsily 1 furniture 1 splattered 1 nonchalance 1 blame 1 hippie 1 sea 1 graduate 1 routine 1 melted 1 coils 1 worn 1 sickening 1 sharing 1 smoking 1 jobs 1 dismissive 1 wary 1 inevitably 1 humid 1 tuned 1 abused 1 yesterday 1 perils 1 miked 1 viscid 1 girl 's 1 cyst 1 habitat 1 silent 1 broadsword - they 1 player 1 popping 1 trapped 1 contemptuous 1 polar 1 insinuated 1 loath 1 regina 's 1 unconvinced 1 them - selves 1 crushing 1 dresser 1 lord 1 disconnected 1 mariners ' 1 amiable 1 incipient 1 vats 1 surveyor 1 flirtatious 1 excursions - no 1 out - she 1 unconscious 1 boded 1 exact 1 child - and 1 strands 1 juices 1 divorced 1 punch 1 blue - streaked 1 electricity 1 gorge 1 hefted 1 noxious 1 san 1 ohh 1 mars 1 spilled 1 seized 1 memorabilia 1 prowling 1 focused 1 quick 1 peeling 1 hellion 1 transferring 1 poet 1 ripped 1 possibility 1 artificiality 1 flashlight 1 match 1 suspicious 1 spiritual 1 twilight 1 pilgrimage - on 1 catered 1 series 1 perspiring 1 prickle 1 shatter 1 mounds 1 variety 1 unsteadily 1 nervous 1 bubble 1 chills 1 hostile 1 abandoning 1 uphill 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 travails 1 refused 1 carl 1 alcoholism 1 jumpy 1 lifestyle 1 bodies 1 tab 1 bone - white 1 original 1 seldom 1 she 'll 1 jamb 1 aloofness 1 brick 1 seventieth 1 pit 1 destroyed 1 embedded 1 quiescent 1 temp 1 wan 1 shaken 1 tricks 1 breathy 1 tinny 1 relive 1 straddle - legged 1 second - guessing 1 trail 1 provincial 1 confide 1 getting 's 1 middle - income 1 chicken 1 roiled 1 decked 1 introduced 1 addled 1 snoring 1 withdraw 1 hosted 1 shit 1 periodically 1 sour - mel 1 1982 1 kicked 1 slaughterhouse 1 letters 1 squeal 1 features 1 pleasantries 1 fortunate 1 physiognomies 1 inches 1 blankenship 1 preceded 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 determined 1 yonder 1 relish 1 deepest 1 conditioner 1 tattooed 1 intestines 1 goodnight 1 zone 1 grandfather 's 1 visualized 1 personally 1 five - year - old 1 mice 1 sparks 1 stab 1 superior 1 rained 1 dropping 1 appraised 1 roads 1 miss 1 pride 1 reach 1 bowls 1 purely 1 funded 1 reliable 1 neatly 1 scarcely 1 chocolates 1 gravitas 1 particular 1 discern 1 9 1 vanguard 1 glaring 1 el 1 manitou 1 chapter 1 ances 1 implacably 1 blend 1 was - poor 1 surgeon 1 traditional 1 fishy 1 fears 1 follow 1 11 1 continued 1 endless 1 approving 1 ecological 1 chasing 1 queued 1 smudges 1 bravado 1 prints 1 snicker 1 glittery 1 friday 1 abduction 1 sly 's 1 wonder- 1 soundings 1 fed 1 camouflage 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wha - a - t 1 chuckles 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 unease 1 leech 1 corona 1 day 's 1 stumbled 1 circling 1 chest 1 wondering 1 ganja 1 months- 1 mush 1 sensible 1 slumped 1 ascended 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 repeat 1 screwing 1 jerks 1 wave 1 victims 1 eternal 1 putting 1 hissing 1 protect 1 penitence 1 herself 1 underneath 1 amateur 1 agency 1 indebted 1 gibbering 1 comfort 1 mixer 1 subtly 1 unseen 1 come - on 1 muggers 1 thud 1 steep 1 burst 1 ethel 's 1 ammonia 1 dorm 1 pal 1 innocent 1 as- 1 che 1 incidents 1 grottos 1 nose 1 prospects 1 unscrewed 1 outgrabe 1 illuminated 1 gentlemen 1 impatience 1 own - and 1 delusional 1 miller 1 forty - five 1 boisterous 1 invasion 1 couples 1 slugger 1 trembled 1 cutting 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 calls 1 visitor - call 1 fields 1 jeez 1 lashed 1 know - two 1 civilization 's 1 spacious 1 fright 1 special 1 stores 1 bruises 1 sundew 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 s 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 changed 1 ruefully 1 shed 1 cloudy 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ziggurats 1 actors 1 weekends 1 disconsolate 1 plaster 1 traveling 1 sober 1 eight 1 cynicism 1 hiss 1 half - crouched 1 hullo 1 hiker 1 discoveries 1 doorknobs 1 overnight 1 beat 1 cooler 1 tender 1 diabolical 1 indignities 1 wednesday 1 colleagues 1 intent 1 marks 1 handy 1 mome 1 bookshops 1 insides 1 eager 1 sake 1 dwelled 1 exquisitely 1 standby 1 announced 1 choir 1 insufferable 1 postmark 1 material 1 repulsed 1 heed 1 griping 1 amazing 1 men ' 1 grillwork 1 blob 1 bole 1 fence 1 depressingly 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 roof 1 parked 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tops 1 migration 1 3 1 venture 1 timeless 1 groans 1 inspection 1 storm 1 delivered 1 dismissal 1 parking 1 shapes 1 soup 1 punctured 1 horn 1 betters 1 treaty 1 yawned 1 winter 1 amniotic 1 silently 1 explained 1 confident 1 beds 1 iii 1 insane 1 slither 1 shocked 1 freaked 1 ungainly 1 you - no 1 cackle 1 bellicose 1 subscription 1 oasis 1 shrank 1 14 1 begged 1 mischievous 1 overripe 1 basket 1 hooked 1 bouquet 1 imposter 1 recorded 1 screaming 1 robot 1 blind 1 desks 1 peephole - she 1 scuttling 1 lesser - known 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 accomplishment 1 disappointing 1 perilously 1 inlet 1 caked 1 tomb 1 remainder 1 james 1 awarded 1 reasonable 1 frankly 1 calendar 1 luxuriating 1 penchant 1 slimy 1 forests 1 sparked 1 brine 1 humor 1 seven 1 pop 's 1 making 1 fulfilled 1 matches 1 figurines 1 camps 1 thickness 1 cleared 1 axis 1 father 's 1 appalachian 1 swim 1 muggy 1 kiddo 1 overlong 1 thickets 1 grandma 1 flat 1 slime 1 plenty 1 annoyed 1 misty 1 guzzle 1 senior 1 spooled 1 behavior 1 dislocation 1 chatted 1 afterthought 1 da 1 toughs 1 file 1 dignity 1 degrees 1 starch 1 pissed - i 1 vodka 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 chivvied 1 semi - hypnosis 1 creaked 1 received 1 valium 1 hi 1 devise 1 earthman 1 slice 1 fbi 1 deserted 1 circle 1 cooperation 1 cuffs 1 melvin 1 fate 1 over - head 1 customs 1 glimmered 1 getaway 1 everywhere 1 snatch 1 mitt 1 seventy - two 1 uh 1 palm 1 rammed 1 august 1 guant 1 flying 1 children - unfortunately 1 scraped 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 bane 1 odor 1 lobbyists 1 choose 1 tip 1 hypothermia 1 movies 1 fondness 1 chewed 1 mob 1 indulged 1 eat 1 legends 1 liked 1 robes 1 adams 1 helplessness 1 defeated 1 ansel 1 handed 1 mist 1 queenly 1 lush 1 fancifully 1 barton 1 halfway 1 dribbled 1 squeezed 1 harriet 1 cultural 1 terrestrial 1 vermiculate 1 reassuring 1 habit 1 transfixed 1 suffering 1 bury 1 busy 1 disliked 1 wives 1 brush 1 aspect 1 teens 1 kinds 1 sardonically 1 rooting 1 killingly 1 househusband 1 barnacles - a 1 beastly 1 sighed 1 seasonally 1 phantoms 1 brimstone 1 gnaw 1 settled 1 riveted 1 career 1 ordered 1 rapidly 1 preparing 1 wenbr 1 swipe 1 uninterested 1 ventriloquism 1 elevators 1 fans 1 shift 1 dash 1 healthy 1 immortals 1 bat 1 mid - tune 1 studying 1 destruction 1 ties 1 dessert 1 banana 1 pits 1 carpet 1 phone- 1 reef 1 hackles 1 lipstick 1 tumwater 1 frame 's 1 lit 1 contortionist 's 1 ter 1 staking 1 becomes 1 american 1 ironically 1 posh 1 bothers 1 chuckling 1 abyssal 1 dashing 1 some - thing 1 hideously 1 cliffs 1 involved 1 torments 1 speechless 1 blurred 1 whispering - he 1 magma 1 investigator 1 boys 1 confined 1 person - sing 1 runs 1 sporting 1 eggshell 1 warehouses 1 spilling 1 forty - something - she 1 honeydew 1 originated 1 chords 1 ruffians 1 sucked 1 ship 1 discovered 1 tapered 1 bookshelf 1 sweltering 1 questioning 1 powerful 1 rum 1 obligatory 1 curb 1 salary 1 impending 1 probing 1 loved 1 clangs 1 potted 1 sucking 1 jimmy 's 1 unpacked 1 consultant 1 write 1 guide 1 scouring 1 washington 1 legislature 1 abutted 1 alkaline 1 inscrutable 1 schoolboy 1 worse 1 denver 1 drooling 1 mutton 1 pilates 1 reports 1 gulley 1 laid 1 ye 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 silhouetted 1 fluttering 1 bulletproof 1 recent 1 so - called 1 bric - a - brac - and 1 concentrated 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 scraping 1 bolt 1 tenant 1 sharp 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 semi - deserted 1 menagerie 1 halfheartedly 1 faith 1 photo - graphs 1 accomplished 1 wrestling 1 butcher 1 unhappily 1 napkins 1 surfaced 1 grizzlies 1 warranted 1 cyclones 1 cassock 1 denizens 1 depressing 1 screwed 1 weakness 1 world 1 tinfoil 1 greatest 1 slow - two 1 customary 1 murder 1 demesne 1 breach 1 hurry 1 niche 1 pragmatist 1 fern 1 form 1 rough - hewn 1 phil 1 traveled 1 incredulous 1 gaze 1 throng 1 smooth 1 subconscious 1 i - this 1 annual 1 vanished 1 1989 1 ribs 1 savagery 1 possessed 1 priest 1 flights 1 costs 1 various 1 wilted 1 survivor 's 1 intruding 1 obsession 1 imagining 1 devoid 1 walls 1 may 1 suckled 1 lamps 1 coyotes 1 paternally 1 gravel 1 installed 1 attached 1 wrists 1 peril 1 23 1 glances 1 holly - style 1 apartment - the 1 relieved 1 hyper - reality 1 convention 1 ah 1 creep 1 blocks 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 curling 1 suit - nothing 1 income 1 hesitated 1 glisten 1 casual 1 walk 1 manage 1 casualness 1 knock 1 eel 1 desisted 1 precariously 1 surely 1 flickering 1 effected 1 clicked 1 relevance 1 leaking 1 summoned 1 quivering 1 reds 1 frankie 's 1 fluctuations 1 incalculable 1 miserably 1 resist 1 kindly 1 terry - creature 1 interrogation 1 oxygen 1 included 1 tape 1 despaired 1 loveseat 1 rot 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 creatures 1 terrorize 1 winds 1 admit 1 munched 1 wired 1 bled 1 lied 1 nightclubs 1 pyramids 1 scents 1 largely 1 fallen 1 weeknights 1 albeit 1 meet - your - cute - neighbor 1 anger 1 crashed 1 stinging 1 tubes 1 pay 1 historical 1 wary 's 1 abscess 1 lord - are 1 shot 1 tension 1 studiousness 1 courtship 1 exhaustion 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 papers 1 rush 1 stronger 1 rustic 1 advancing 1 trespassers 1 broom 1 lizard 1 socialite 1 bother 1 sir 1 button - up 1 based 1 ruined 1 dial 1 sixty - seven 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 packed 1 ballroom 1 meaning 1 nut 1 pain 1 piled 1 chivvy 1 shape 1 degree 1 foresight 1 wasteland 1 politicians 1 illuminating 1 lamented 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 inkling 1 l 1 atm 1 successfully 1 ducts 1 16 1 existed 1 member 1 waves 1 computer 1 punching 1 delectable 1 orderly 1 malcontents 1 shortly 1 scram 1 nestle 1 handsome 1 1958 1 twice 1 u 1 cracking 1 hyperventilating 1 that- 1 raths 1 hurtin ' 1 flies 1 marshmallows 1 midnight 1 cry 1 mouthful 1 breaks 1 filled 1 weasel 1 dying 1 mustache 1 groping 1 beatings 1 imitation 1 ken 1 move- 1 burnt 1 buddy 1 suddenly 1 consented 1 politely 1 well - dressed 1 swirl 1 writhed 1 lightning 1 pop - let 1 separation 1 lust 1 corners 1 math 1 boom 1 underworld 1 turtlenecks 1 useful 1 mud 1 winked 1 drapes 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 pushing 1 throat 1 sufficiently 1 band 1 posturing 1 sealed 1 infinitely 1 shallow 1 charm 1 arrayed 1 switched 1 nameless 1 lamp 1 malign 1 takeoff 1 confronted 1 overseas 1 trappings 1 drawer 1 bonfires 1 jaded 1 dropcloth 1 tidy 1 shiny 1 dried 1 alien 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 distant 1 rambunctious 1 sundown 1 suspended 1 late - night 1 transmitting 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 threatened 1 periodic 1 droopy 1 typical 1 safe 1 luminescent 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 ice 1 hibernation 1 fitful 1 schlepping 1 ignorance 1 pointed 1 softened 1 searching 1 message 1 suburbanite 1 belly 1 began 1 whisper 1 downpour 1 frailties 1 idiot 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 pelted 1 dashed 1 freezer 1 creep - infested 1 perform 1 shoveled 1 treetops 1 excursions 1 gift 1 dresses 1 stranger 's 1 curiosity 1 planets 1 aging 1 taste 1 dictated 1 miasma 1 medium 1 root 1 kissing 1 puffy 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 perhaps 1 burns 1 blindly 1 captors 1 credible 1 jumping 1 jointed 1 voice- 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 placing 1 townhouse 1 forget 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 absent 1 clapped 1 showered 1 tightwad 1 cookies 1 eyeing 1 4 1 belongs 1 drifting 1 recorder - pershing 1 noise 1 thinker 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 humanoid 1 robed 1 temperate 1 cable 1 thin - he 1 cozy 1 air - conditioned 1 flapping 1 matters 1 open - heart 1 slack 1 seams 1 studied 1 incredible 1 access 1 panama 1 land 1 churned 1 guts 1 lots 1 toothbrush 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 shouted 1 type 1 upright 1 hauled 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 ended 1 nilson 1 fortean 1 northerly 1 security - conscious 1 nervousness 1 simultaneously 1 memos 1 regardless 1 stepfather 1 jungle 1 faced 1 curl 1 houston 1 rendezvous 1 doubtless 1 front 1 measuring 1 pitchers 1 asking 1 week - hid 1 crinkled 1 bunch 1 12 1 moment - he 1 china 1 noise - which 1 exoskeletons 1 stoicism 1 knelt 1 cowls 1 flown 1 occasionally 1 twitchier 1 foulness 1 contact 1 holy 1 beaches 1 rolexes 1 mention 1 something - someone - watching 1 him - self 1 river 1 products 1 hunted 1 pace 1 jet 1 chick 1 frequently 1 poor 1 smiling 1 sickos 1 waking 1 tea 1 ouster 1 four - star 1 johnny 1 sweeping 1 fostered 1 build 1 magician 1 cottage - style 1 navigate 1 hip 1 proposed 1 done - in 1 drenched 1 known 1 peek 1 atop 1 mug 1 visits 1 ham 1 trudged 1 sneering 1 hammered 1 testicles 1 cloves 1 dizzy 1 turkey 1 fungi 1 mossy 1 bickered 1 walton 's 1 perception 1 crooked 1 slug 1 clusters 1 silver - sly 1 reminding 1 salad 1 stunned 1 someone 's 1 ankles 1 four - piece 1 croaked 1 impressed 1 towed 1 quarters 1 clich 1 at - an 1 giant 1 yelm 1 limber 1 deceit 1 immortality 1 offspring 1 fewer 1 dais 1 reflexive 1 lunch 1 metamorphosed 1 sconces 1 laugh 1 spiked 1 sentience 1 tale 1 sickly 1 bloomed 1 remarked 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 reception 1 substance 1 claim 1 shines 1 infuriated 1 mansion 1 bore 1 ecclesiastical 1 plants 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 downed 1 shrubbery 1 speaking 1 inherited 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 needling 1 grip 1 lurking 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 cloister 1 physician 1 sue 1 unless 1 spun 1 5 1 complete 1 porcelain 1 mortified 1 understaffed 1 flowers 1 mates 1 pants 1 chilled 1 wife- 1 hollows 1 agree 1 wood 1 misfit 1 diffuse 1 frozen 1 inebriated 1 encountered 1 cases 1 temporary 1 chosen 1 equally 1 stammer 1 inhaled 1 rental 1 comprehend 1 warned 1 mock 1 waving 1 trait 1 deadbolt 1 blades 1 nailed 1 raining 1 boulders 1 cramped 1 60s 1 wobble 1 steel 1 laborious 1 magnified 1 warnings 1 contract 1 cheerily 1 gasping 1 duct 1 significant 1 extended 1 interlaced 1 amazed 1 metaphor 1 mask 1 blinked 1 height 1 malfunctioning - condensation 1 shoved 1 howled 1 snooper 1 disappear 1 lever 1 gestured 1 comes 1 deity 1 half - empty 1 paused 1 opposite 1 slope 1 midday 1 boiler 1 listening 1 interminable 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 tormentors 1 fanned 1 fairly 1 arrival 1 honey 1 snickered 1 disagreed 1 beast 1 caught 1 organizing 1 region 1 according 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 sour 1 predicted 1 weary 1 replied 1 re - creation 1 hapless 1 language 1 aura 1 damaging 1 camino 1 snake 1 fiber - optic 1 earshot 1 emotional 1 assured 1 radiation 1 heaps 1 winding 1 clean 1 main 1 mantel 1 conferences 1 drive 1 broadly 1 13 1 mail 1 soiled 1 relics 1 drained 1 smattering 1 berkeley 1 somewhere 1 deep - sea 1 date 1 concerned 1 toil 1 autumn 1 vending 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 absolut 1 roaches 1 sometime 1 inward 1 basement 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 mirror 1 month 1 float 1 griffey 1 doomed 1 wilds 1 appears 1 policy 1 shampoo 1 neighbors 1 seek- 1 fist 1 uniformed 1 brand 1 snugged 1 readings 1 explain 1 sky 1 spoke 1 shuddered 1 brass 1 squirming 1 plucking 1 underbrush 1 measured 1 cheery 1 imminent 1 shuttered 1 shot - a 1 droop 1 invaded 1 mornings 1 survive 1 shirts 1 bearable 1 buzzed 1 unchanged 1 af- 1 proper 1 warmed 1 seam 1 places 1 slight 1 midwest 1 ago 1 agonies 1 haze 1 mistake 1 doncha 1 safely 1 coveralls 1 crack 1 crude 1 coiffed 1 tunnels 1 machete 1 caliber 1 heighten 1 lounge 1 dark - haired 1 animal 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 photo 1 lesser 1 circles 1 opaque 1 ringing 1 canned 1 associates 1 chill 1 claiming 1 deco 1 goods 1 east 1 hotter 1 roar 1 games 1 cornered 1 realm 1 crawled 1 art 1 screeches 1 half - hearted 1 truly 1 months ' 1 feelings 1 flag 1 911 1 apartments 1 foolish 1 understood 1 campers 1 sixty - nine 1 papered 1 seat 1 thick 1 lutheran 1 gear 1 protestations 1 dispatcher 1 shame 1 clay - ton 1 wedge 1 wandering 1 mugged 1 assimilation 1 pistol 1 deck 1 civilization 1 toadstools 1 currently 1 deepened 1 malevolent 1 creepos 1 mini - cameras 1 vertebra 1 signs 1 frankie 1 aside 1 added 1 guppies 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 provided 1 contracting 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gulped 1 sidewalk 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 bulk 1 bones 1 monitor 1 spine 1 coomb 1 parlors 1 shears 1 force 1 trembling 1 measure 1 deform 1 damnable 1 threats 1 shove 1 history 1 perfume 1 seems 1 observing 1 awake 1 louisville 1 renovations 1 exquisite 1 sooty 1 swaying 1 recognition 1 buddies 1 impress 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 swing 1 generation 1 1979 1 radiance 1 ginsberg 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 receded 1 plate 1 sip 1 yell 1 wishes 1 bushy 1 sixty 1 croaks 1 consolation 1 hollow 1 full - blown 1 olympia 's 1 informing 1 rosary 1 whose 1 paranoia 1 propagate 1 thinking 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 juice 1 legs 1 answering 1 moderate 1 beings 1 days ' 1 navy 1 engineering 1 skyline 1 keepsakes - snapshots 1 leg 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 garden - party - throwing 1 counts 1 tagged 1 bowels 1 terror 1 shells 1 weirdo 1 tarot 1 docks 1 technologies 1 maneuvers 1 bastards 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 conducted 1 grind 1 accentuated 1 swirling 1 images 1 service 1 escaping 1 forever 1 tones 1 buoyed 1 horror 1 uprooted 1 6 1 penetrate 1 thrillers 1 settings 1 sprang 1 outta 1 gargantuan 1 leaden 1 percy 's 1 hour 's 1 pillow 1 subscribe 1 course - also 1 wish 1 promise 1 shredded 1 void 1 wormed 1 clientele 1 sighing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 visitation 1 prowler 1 icecaps 1 melancholy 1 tough 1 reality 1 dreamt 1 pieces 1 prowled 1 carton 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 mush - rooms 1 recognized 1 of- 1 sublime 1 folding 1 doubt 1 block 1 grow 1 squeeze 1 edgy 1 heck 1 muscle 1 outer 1 mission 1 employee 1 chums 1 estimated 1 bounced 1 rabid 1 year 1 caressed 1 embarrassment 1 sprawled 1 delighted 1 among 1 wooded 1 epoxy 1 photos 1 moist 1 stride 1 shawl 1 idiotically 1 refined 1 golf 1 jose 1 knuckle 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 filthy 1 ratty 1 proportion 1 jumped 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 half - dozen 1 electromagnetic 1 mimicked 1 cover 1 par - ties 1 migrated 1 covering 1 bucko - we ' ve 1 some - times 1 footprints 1 average 1 ernest 1 warning 1 cuddled 1 hunters 1 gracious 1 cause 1 tore 1 moon 1 odds 1 sewage 1 beefy 1 status 1 internally 1 ufo 1 unfold 1 clever 1 tight 1 signed 1 sniveling 1 were n't 1 mica 1 stairs 1 popular 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 crackpot 1 hobs 1 handle 1 irate 1 olympic 1 eh 1 equipment 1 paced 1 sergeant 's 1 indeed 1 cannery 1 coincidence 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 curtains 1 brood 1 recovered 1 retired 1 bowed 1 christmases 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 knows - perhaps 1 bear 1 waitresses 1 play - by - play 1 converted 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 tramped 1 suit 1 primeval 1 reserved 1 resident 1 wiser 1 tacoma 1 elementary 1 sans 1 superstitious 1 listener 1 worlds 1 prayers 1 lunatic 1 due 1 argued 1 cautionary 1 agnostic 1 amusing 1 toes 1 sub - basement 1 coldness 1 frames 1 catcher 's 1 flows 1 kilter 1 elongated 1 suited 1 vacation 1 prominently 1 intensity 1 raw 1 diabolic 1 hoot 1 ya 1 grate 1 similar 1 peninsula 1 cloth 1 bits 1 doorframe 1 flowed 1 francisco 1 summer 1 barked 1 waste 1 push 1 hold 1 homesteads 1 beamed 1 whiskey 1 prayed 1 populated 1 resonated 1 friends - did n't 1 disappointment 1 tremblay 1 labor 1 bags 1 license 1 sons 1 explanation 1 disguise 1 seven - floor 1 tracks 1 paranoid 1 goosed 1 7 1 larger 1 loose 1 suppressed 1 parkas 1 predicament 1 gloaming 1 uptight 1 impressive 1 sneaky 1 night 's 1 theorized 1 mourning 1 pissed 1 raised 1 jangled 1 blue - tinged 1 ticked 1 den 1 ass 1 professor - and 1 outdoorsmen 1 hike 1 undefined 1 amazement 1 unbecoming 1 haircuts 1 rack 1 separate 1 metastasize 1 dwindled 1 waddell 1 grandmother 1 diatribes 1 space 1 testament 1 librarian 1 parts 1 hollywood 1 wonderland 1 corporation 1 kooks 1 wedged 1 clinked 1 savage 1 fake 1 incident 1 influenced 1 girly 1 reeked 1 heineken 1 orbits 1 gentlemanly 1 continuing 1 re - move 1 relished 1 half - dead 1 ill - concealed 1 eyelids 1 supine 1 squat 1 circulation 1 manic 1 women 1 guevara - loving 1 am 1 public 1 there 'll 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 yelling 1 stale 1 vile 1 fully 1 grotto 1 propped - up 1 ruffled 1 flap 1 oddly 1 patiently 1 cynic 1 skating 1 lulled 1 screwdriver 1 anthony 's 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 uncoiling 1 hysteria 1 checking 1 downhill 1 able 1 style 1 signal 1 tighten 1 eavesdropping 1 ing 1 ranches 1 seventh - inning 1 swung 1 celebrities 1 wan- 1 segued 1 crates 1 entrenchment 1 peeked 1 ushered 1 fred 1 upper 1 creak 1 wooden 1 bart 1 hallucinating 1 outhouse 1 twigs 1 lethargic 1 pill 1 tone 1 vengeance 1 freedom 1 noon 1 commanded 1 chanted 1 unable 1 dude 1 faculties 1 spitting 1 alive 1 prohibited 1 jihadist 1 shushing 1 species 1 gentry 1 intestine 1 crash 1 remedy 1 tongue 1 wants 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 mike 1 outcroppings 1 waddel 1 stream 1 justice 1 echoed 1 woefully 1 horridly 1 shushed 1 pools 1 store 1 response 1 lair 1 seeping 1 weird 1 trips 1 ranting 1 skills 1 stabbings 1 tiny 1 fillings 1 prefer 1 70s 1 walking 1 altogether 1 bank 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 trio 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 perfectly 1 bumping 1 straightened 1 occurring 1 inconceivable 1 borrow 1 adaptations 1 outlets 1 backlit 1 frequency 1 grill 1 squirmed 1 management 1 namo 1 oven 1 rude 1 beaming 1 broad 1 shore 1 muddy 1 longer 1 jogged 1 surprising 1 scores 1 grandfather 1 tilting 1 steps 1 expanding 1 limp 1 woman 's 1 wander 1 ground 1 swallowed 1 tracked 1 laboring 1 coast 1 argue 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 wordless 1 malice 1 no - freaking - body 1 cubicles 1 idealist 1 roasting 1 stark 1 drying 1 clouded 1 fashion 1 believe 1 otherwise 1 evilly 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 flee 1 should ' ve 1 too - frequent 1 generations- 1 grotesque 1 hangdog 1 rushed 1 twenty - first 1 scratched 1 firelight 1 well - dresses 1 child 's 1 mode 1 creepy 1 rooted 1 secure 1 winced 1 garble 1 inflict 1 useless 1 shall 1 further 1 happily 1 messages 1 albums 1 gusts 1 scribbled 1 stubbornness 1 door - way 1 roses 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 sold 1 puppets 1 step 1 smithsonian 1 calmness 1 nudge 1 winded 1 neglect 1 charged 1 hikers 1 suites 1 entrails 1 objects 1 unknown 1 machine 1 seniors 1 crowded 1 cried 1 point 1 absentee 1 secretiveness 1 gained 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 pinned 1 marched 1 youth - clean - shaven 1 trap 1 ingles 1 pastureland 1 bibliophile 1 pull 1 gait 1 clumsy 1 perforce 1 briefly 1 toolbox 1 ganglia 1 color 1 jerk 1 pipes 1 locked 1 instead 1 vibrated 1 staring 1 scalded 1 distanced 1 ether 1 mariners 1 belongings 1 exclamations 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 c 1 shelf 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 palpable 1 skulked 1 crystalline 1 herd 1 inevitable 1 revert 1 turbines 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 baggy 1 pierced 1 purple - black 1 screams 1 minute 1 cigarette 1 quo 1 unspeakable 1 merlot 1 kettle 1 mooning 1 neanderthal 1 lose 1 spoken 1 vain 1 pause 1 skyward 1 courage 1 gramps 1 warmup 1 sunday 1 nagging 1 holocaust 1 starless 1 owners 1 granite 1 inherent 1 photographs 1 stroke 1 accumulation 1 toothless 1 logging 1 videos 1 present 1 ape 1 large - hearted 1 imitated 1 apparition 1 unceremonious 1 proverbial 1 wherever 1 shrieked 1 guys - i ' m 1 relaxed 1 joined 1 bathed 1 waiter 1 ate 1 lured 1 cupped 1 rankled 1 driving 1 restore 1 supposed 1 mad- 1 shops 1 barbequing 1 gradually 1 ca n't 1 24 1 century 1 robinson 1 agreed 1 diaspora 1 utter 1 colliding 1 crank 1 fooled 1 quoted 1 club 1 gently 1 jelly 1 prepared 1 promptly 1 awaiting 1 seem 1 blackest 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 section 1 estimates 1 sunset 1 invisible 1 cleveland 1 spending 1 tunnel 1 shingle 1 street 1 landlord 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 vocal 1 acting 1 social 1 raise 1 bloom 1 histories 1 blacked 1 lines 1 doses 1 safety 1 retreat 1 waterproof 1 recliner 1 susurration 1 hotel 's 1 chance 1 scoop 1 obscenities 1 millions 1 favored 1 detective 's 1 buried 1 true - that 1 armpit 1 camped 1 facelifts 1 from- 1 dimmed 1 protocol 1 substitute 1 foliage 1 swivel 1 crab - walked 1 intelligent 1 anderson 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 searing 1 avoided 1 nauseated 1 bedrooms - naked 1 hopped 1 blackness 1 folk 1 foundation 1 swanky 1 shake 1 jacket 1 drop 1 ridge 1 football 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 bloomers 1 services 1 party 1 notepad 1 live 1 tepid 1 counter 1 sergeant 1 automaton 1 adaptable 1 twenty - sixth 1 lecher 1 culprits 1 squelching 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 sentient 1 leap 1 laughed - that 1 jr 1 team 1 1918 1 hallucinated 1 microphones 1 demonstrated 1 destroy 1 six - pack 928 .
natassias face withered as though shed just eaten a lemon .
the whole place smelled like lemon pledge .
by my reckoning , fifty pounds of potatoes , six pounds of butter , and a sack of lemons make up most of your food .
a platter sat in the middle of the table , heaped with baked fish that elsie had brushed with butter and garnished with lemon wedges .
the recitation fell upon my ears alone like drops of lemon juice on an open wound .
then , like a macabre addams - family - version shot of tequila salt and lemon , she gulped the lobe down without chewing .
already the vacuum was going and the smell of lemon disinfectant was thick on the other side of the door .
pure gold is hammered into leaf , perforated , bathed in a paste of lemon juice and ash of mercury , then roasted a dozen times .
of course , i did nt have to do it with any fucking piece of charcoal or lemon juice , or however they did it in the books .
ill make you some honey and lemon for your throat , she says , going back into the kitchen .
why yes we do , although we prefer our tea , iced and sweet , with a hint of lemon .
not only tea but scones , lemon curd and some kind of sandwich .
the castle boasts a large greenhouse or as it used to be called an orangerie , where oranges , lemons , and other fruits difficult to grow in scotland flourish .
chapter 29 the master i remember the lemon tasted particularly sweet that day .
her face was permanently pinched as though she had been sucking lemons all her life .
apparently it had been love at second sight ( it would have been first sight but for the fact that geraldine had been dressed in rags and covered with large purple warts , were as alberts face was paled with white chalk and he d had lemon juice squeezed into his eyes to give them that blood shot look that all haunted and disturbed kings should have ) .
it was stronger than bourbon , with hints of ginger , lemon , slight mint , and rooibos .
people started hoarding , there d been a shortage of sugar , cooking - oil and petrol ( and lemon - soap , too , for some strange reason ) .
lemon and sugar , he said .
she used up all the lemons and we went to the store to get more , but where is she now ?
turning the flashlight he was holding , he saw sarah huddled in the trunk with a bag of spilled lemons scattered around her body .
the official theory was that the girl had climbed into the trunk to retrieve the bag of lemons while her mother carried the other groceries into the trailer .
i do nt like lemon filled- yadda yadda yadda .
if jane were still around she would say something about making silver lining when life gave you lemons .
` ` do you ever do lemon drop shots ? ''
` ` robert , two lemon drop shots , please .
rob set the drinks down a second later , and both he and mordechai licked the crook of their palms , sprinkled sugar on the moist spot , and slipped the lemon between thumb and forefinger .
nick nodded , dumped the liquor into his mouth , licked the sugar and bit down on the lemon .
` ` do you want another lemon drop shot ? ''
sarah held up a half drunken lemon sour martini above her head and laughed .
it was filled with hot water , lemon fresh joy , the dirty supper dishes .
i 'll make sure to bring his lemon swabs and - ' ' umma , oo ay ere . '
' also his lemon swabs , but only on his lips , because his gums bleed a lot now and the swabs sting him .
hanscom groped blindly on the bar , found another slice of lemon , and squeezed the juice into his other nostril .
hanscom tossed both of the wrung - out lemon wedges onto the bar .
i 'll pick apples this week and potatoes the week after that and when the frost locks up the ground like money inside a bank vault , why , i 'll hop a gs amp ; wm box that smells of sugar - beets and i 'll sit in the corner and pull some hay over me if there is some and i 'll drink me a little drink and chew me a link chew and sooner or later i 'll get to portland or beantown , and if i do n't get busted by a railroad security dick i 'll hop one of those ` ` bama star boxes and head down south and when i get there i 'll pick lemons or limes or oranges .
the toilet probably has n't been flushed , either , men think the urine fairy comes by around two a.m. and takes care of that , and there you are , sitting crack - deep in piss , and all at once you realize your feet 're in it , too , you 're paddling around in lemon squirt because , although guys think they 're dead - eye dick with that thing , most ca n't shoot for shit , drunk or sober they got ta wash the goddam floor all around the toilet before they can even start the main event .
on it were four dishes : wedges of lemon on one , grated egg on a second , toast points on a third .
frank had other fish to fry and other lemons to squeeze .
in the late spring and the summer of 1950 , andy set up two trust funds for guards who wanted to assure a college education for their kids , he advised a couple of others who wanted to take small fliers in common stock ( and they did pretty damn well , as things turned out ; one of them did so well he was able to take an early retirement two years later ) , and i 'll be damned if he did n't advise the warden himself , old lemon lips george dunahy , on how to go about setting up a tax - shelter for himself .
the job you ' ve got is a short - term plum , a long - term lemon .
mr . ullman looked for a moment as if he had sunk his teeth into a lemon .
that look of haunted pain came back into his face again , the look that said i do n't really want to look at this , but for some reason it seems to be all i do want to look at right now ; it 's bitterly compulsive , like biting a lemon , or scratching your fingernails across a blackboard , or scraping the tines of a fork on the porcelain of a sink .
he lay with the covers pulled up to his chin and one arm crushing teddy against his chest , and there was luke skywalker on one wall ; there was a chipmunk standing on a blender on another wall , grinning cheerily ( if life hands you lemons , make lemonade !
i guess if he 's as hungry as i am , temple says , gulping down her entire glass of ice water with lemon , it do n't matter much to him which room he gets his grub in .
in the afternoon , she brings them a pot of brewed tea and some lemon slices .
from what i can tell you ca n't get it just by squeezin their heads like lemons .
this time her aunt was closer , the shadow that came first on the lawn was nearly life - sized , and when aunt helen herself strolled by the window , stephanie could see her aunt 's sour expression , an expression just like she had licked a palm - full of that lime chili powder , loco lemon , that was so popular with the kids at her school .
she said it doing a bit of a thing with her lips as if she was sucking lemons .
she tasted of lemon drops and pine sol , a taste that lingered and pleasantly stung .
the night airs pleasant , cool , holds the fragrance of broken lemons and freshly turned earth .
she runs a hot bath in her jacuzzi tub , drops in a bath bomb of tea tree oil and lemon peel , then , with a bottle of wine and glass , slowly slips into the warm , fragrant waters , letting the grime and stench and soreness soak from her skin .
later , under the influence of four lemon vodka twirlers , she confessed that all the important events in her lifeall the events shed gotten tattooed foractually were nt , in hindsight , important .
you can read lorraine 's many other smashwords editions including : bewitching earth , on the rio mayo , squaw dresses , consciousness raising , the good librarian , maelstrom , snake dance disaster , circuitous lemon economy , and i want my own brain .
strawberry , lemon and lime , banana and blueberry leeched from the world as if at the insistence of a mouth and tongue , the ice - chilled reality of flavours bleeding down a throat of fear .
being streams of unconsciousness whistling past , oranges , pineapples and lemons , vague orbs whose understanding of reality was limited through experience - or a lack of it .
the lemon did it the medical examiner announced two days later that ted had died from anaphylactic shock induced by traces of lemon oil found in his blood .
the lemon did it the medical examiner announced two days later that ted had died from anaphylactic shock induced by traces of lemon oil found in his blood .
i 'd known that ted was severely allergic to lemons , but who else would have known this ?
toxicology results had proven that teds cocktail contained lemon oil , normally an innocuous substance to most people , but deadly for ted , seeing as he had a severe allergy to lemons .
blackcurrant , he 'd quickly discovered , was the most effective flavour ; only he was out of blackcurrant having scoffed the last on his way to work that morning and so was relying on lemon .
vern hated lemon .
the cockroaches hated lemon .
potatoes , carrots , lemons ?
i had yet to touch the lemon tart because i still felt uneasy , but i had stopped looking over at my phone every minute to see if a message had come in .
his eyes attached the array of bars , lemons and dollar signs spin dizzyingly in their rapid , flashing colored whirl .
she had spent a lifetime under the unwavering blindness of a woman who , if life had given her lemons , she would have denied their existence and made a cherry pie .
lecture from mom , but instead she said , table talk pie lemon !
he nodded and carried my drink over , a big lemon floating in it .
ere , have your lemon back .
no respect , you youngsters , he said , picking the lemon out of the ashtray as i set to picking up my coins .
my dad fought the germans so you could have lemons in your drink .
i watched him wipe the lemon clean on his apron before putting it back in a bowl behind the bar .
although it left me smelling of lemons .
you smell of ... lemons .
why do you smell of lemons ?
a whisky and coke , no lemon , oh right .
all you need is three nudges and you ll have four lemons .
you re a lemon , i said .
joe b. had heard these beefy chaps did nt horse around , and might stampede him into a sale , or at least saddle him with a lemon .
bakewell pudding , white icing concealing something soft , topped with red cherry cherry genoa ( buttery sponge packed with raisins and glac cherries ) victoria sponge ( quintessential summer cake ) grand cru chocolate torte ( deliciously decadent ) almond and cherry cake ( light and simple ) austrian linzer torte ( moist and lightly spiced ) stem ginger cake ( chunks of stem ginger ) lemon and lime citrus cake ( light , refreshing citrus glaze ) fat rascals ( plump and fruity cookies ) date and orange cake ( chopped dates , orange peel and a splash of whisky ) yorkshire tea loaf ( traditional fruit cake laced with yorkshire tea ) what ?
he purchases a paper - bag of lemon drops , some liquorish laces and some peppermint cakes .
jealous wifely eyes narrowed to slices of bitter blue lemon .
she took a sip of her lemon drop , her ruby - red lips closing around the rim of her martini glass .
you ll want to rim the glass with lemon first .
once , over a lunch of lemon loaf and crumpets , john told genny how he dreamed of becoming the greatest actor in the world .
miss meeks cross face looked like she had just drank a gallon of unsweetened lemon juice .
just dipping your tongue in it made your face screw up as if you 'd sucked a couple of lemons .
the waiter arrived with two large platters of barbequed fish with quartered lemons and chillies .
his entire face screwed itself into a small mass , as though he had consumed several pieces of freshly cut lemon .
brown sauce was one of the ingredients ; so was brandy , vodka , fresh fruit , lemons , limes , orange , an apple , vindaloo sauce , monkey testicles , cannabis , the irish constitution , war , cinnamon , tomato , mashed bananas , and a half - bottle tequila .
claudio explained that they also had a small orchard in which they grew apples , lemons and soft fruit , a kitchen garden with root vegetables , cabbage and herbs , as well as enough pasture for the three cattle that provided them with an income from the sale of milk and beef .
he opened the bottle of a lemon snapple juice and drank a few sips , giving a grape flavored bottle to lanai .
it was all screwed up in a sour expression as if he had just gulped down a gallon of unsweetened lemon juice .
a place where a captive clientele were tempted into dens piled high with plastic claptrap by skilled representatives steeped in obsequiousness , automatons who squeezed their prey like lemons for paltry commissions , encouraging their victims to feed like swine with their noses in the troughs .
to the hotel staff they were there to be anaesthetised and squeezed ... squeezed like lemons , pips and all .
baba ghannoush baba ghanoush noun a thick pure of aubergines , tahini , olive oil , lemon juice , and garlic , originating in north africa and the mediterranean the hotel manager was an astute armenian from the lebanon .
virg got his with lemon in it .
as the waiter left i asked , why ca nt anyone drink water anymore without lemon in it ?
the bag of basmati rice , cumin powder , turmeric , low fat yogurt ( thanks to bea ) , ginger , cayenne pepper , lemons , onions , chicken , and butter crashed on the sidewalk .
that s a lemon drop .
i put the lemon drop back on the counter and motioned to his glasses of beer .
i smiled at the plate , my stomach rumbled again , and i took another sip of the lemon drop before setting both glasses down .
i took another bite , licking the side of my mouth then washing all the nitrate goodness down with a generous wallow of lemon drop .
i finished my lemon drop , raised the elbow of my free arm to the tabletop , and rested my chin in the palm of my hand .
i took a drink from the second lemon drop , licking the residual sugar from my lips .
i ordered you a lemon drop .
i can recommend the lemon sole .
but in here , it might not even cover the cost of the lemon that the tequila came with .
he only intended to have a lemon squash to quench his thirst , but once inside he succumbed to its lure .
when frank stopped to draw breath and realised his glass was empty , reuben went up to the bar and ordered a schooner for frank and a lemon squash for himself .
also the lemon from your ice tea , the meat - pie wrapper , and the juice can ?
ditching vinnies shrimp scampi 1/3 cup dry , white wine juice of 2 lemons 3/4 cup butter , melted 2 tablespoons olive oil 1 head of garlic 1 tablespoon parsley 2 cups shredded three - cheese parmesan , asiago , and romano 1 pound raw shrimp , peeled , tails removed 1 pound linguini noodles , cooked according to directions 1 .
combine white wine , lemon juice , melted butter , olive oil , minced garlic , and parsley .
a pint of your best bitter and a cinzano with lemon , says julian , radiating self - confidence .
i stand there like a lemon .
he cringes as though sucking a lemon and offers a cheek to her .
we have quaff , diet quaff , and quaff with lemon .
quaff with lemon is proving to be very popular .
the irishman grimaced like he had just tasted a lemon for the first time .
says lemon something , mr . krebs said .
she sipped her sweet tea with four lemon wedges in it , and waited for the shoe to drop , when gwen explained the change of plans .
still , he was a highly adaptable creature and learned to make lemons into lemonade .
i wheeled my bike back down the drive , weaving carefully around the empty kitekat tins and soggy lemon slices , and cycled to myras to see if she fancied practising some of the wizard of oz songs together .
example : cheeseburger - good bacon cheeseburger - improved strawberries - good chocolate covered strawberries - improved liver and onions - bad liver and onions w / bacon - improved cherries ( i know this is debatable but for me personally ... ) - bad chocolate covered cherries - improved oh and do n't bother with lemons .
nobody sits down to eat a lemon , unless you are a communist or a martian in which case i do n't recognize you in this or any other game .
laleh was a little hung over from the three sidecars shed had , that being her introduction to cognac , grand marnier , and lemon juice , but she got up to begin her exploration of america , the devils playground .
the sounds of talking and laughing , people touching , the table loaded with august tomatoes , sliced with cucumbers , drowning in olive oil , vinegar , and lemon juice .
cognac , cointreau , and fresh lemon juice were a winning combination , and roger and gwen indulged in them occasionally , but they could nt remember the last time they heard anyone order one in a charleston bar .
my name is archie lemons .
so anyway , there i was , a real life private eye , owner of lemons investigations , with a gun and everything .
` ` archie lemons , i answer ` ` mr .
` ` yes , thanks lemons , i ' ve heard all the jokes . ''
seriously , lemons ? !
` ` my card mr . lemons .
` ` thank you , mr . lemons .
` ` archie lemons . ''
` ` i ' m still watching you , lemons , '' says a gruff , mans voice .
` ` see ya soon , lemons .
i recently came upon a new lead that i would like to follow but i promise you i will give your case the utmost respect and time needed and it will be my top pri ... '' ` ` listen here , lemons '' she interrupted , ` ` i paid you a rather large sum of money , in cash , for you to find my husband and you assured me you would be closing your previous cases and focusing solely on mine ! ''
sounding very annoyed , she replied , ` ` i do n't give two donkey 's dicks what you do after my case mr . lemons .
he 'd catch up with that wife - killing bastard archie lemons tomorrow .
` ` archie fuckin ' lemons , soo - prize , soo - prize . ''
` ` fuck you , lemons .
standing in the bathroom now with the empty shell of amanda colley at the bottom of the bathtub , anderson says , ` ` well well well , lemons , dead bodies seem to be piling up all around you these days . ''
why does this all seem so familiar to me , lemons ? ''
` ` what now , lemons ? ''
` ` alright , lemons .
` ` mrs . fick , this is archie lemons . ''
` ` fantastic , mr . lemons .
` ` archie lemons '' ` ` lemons , where the fuck are you ? ''
` ` archie lemons !
` ` hardy fuckin ' har , lemons .
` ` fuck you , lemons ! ''
and that is how the man who told archie lemons to fuck off at the king liquor came to be stepping out of his piece of shit taxicab and walking straight towards him .
` ` very funny , lemons .
` ` when was the last time you had a real meal , archie lemons ? ''
` ` mr . worthcott , my name is archie lemons and i am a private investigator hired by , i believe , one of your patrons wives '' i heard a sigh when i mentioned my profession .
` ` hello , mrs . fick , this is archie lemons calling again .
` ` hey lemons , how s the head ? ''
` ` hello mr . lemons .
i do feel bad about that , mr . lemons .
` ` i do n't know how you got this far , mr . lemons .
archie lemons , meet my husband scott mckigney . ''
my main character here , archie lemons , not going to lie , but he is pretty much me .
i took elements of autism characteristics i learned from my son , added in a dose of grant and created archie lemons .
www.facebook.com/darknessoncemore instagram : grant_fieldgrove www.twitter.com/grantfieldgrove archie lemons will return in : a touch of danger a touch of danger by grant fieldgrove copyright 2011 manchops inc . all rights reserved isb 978 - 1466358522 published by manchops inc .
i hated how she called me mr . lemons when a client was around .
` ` oh , suck it lemons .
` ` is archie lemons drinking from a public water fountain ? ''
` ` archie lemons , if you are lying to me , i swear to god i am going to hit you with a rock ! ''
` ` let me stop you right there , mr . lemons .
` ` well , there you go , mr . lemons .
` ` i assure you mr . lemons ; we are not a mayberry operation !
` ` you know what i mean , mr . lemons .
` ` mr . lemons !
` ` i do not care what you think you saw at this point '' ` ` you see , i said he started the tradition of getting rich black me off '' ` ` truth is , you are wearing on my nerves quite heavily and '' ` ` because the ugly kardashian girls like the big , rich black dudes '' ` ` i am going to ask you to leave ... '' ` ` like ray jand bah - it - baw playas '' ` ` mr . lemons !
` ` oh my god , archie lemons , i am going to beat the living ... '' ` ` i ' m kidding , i ' m kidding .
` ` damn - it , lemons , it is not brad pitt . ''
` ` hey lemons , what s up ? ''
` ` man , if archie lemons says he saw something , i sure as shit am going to believe it . ''
see ya , lemons . ''
` ` ms . ricks , my name is archie lemons and this is my partner elise reynolds . ''
something along the lines of earth to lemons , but i could nt be sure .
* * * that evening , after hanging up the phone from the pismo police department and so easily getting the name of the man who appears to be obsessed with him , brad jackson began flipping through the phone book and calling every motel in the area , requesting to be patched through to a mr . archie lemons ' room .
he picked up his landline and began calling every hotel in the area , asking to leave a message for one of their guests , a mr . archie lemons .
this mr . lemons had apparently seen brad 's crime on the beach below and , now that the body had apparently , hopefully , been dragged far out to sea by the current , archie remained the only loose thread that needed tying up .
archie lemons would probably need to be disposed of .
right now , he had to find archie lemons .
archie lemons has got to go .
he needed to find archie lemons , get him to his house , and kill him .
` ` well hello there , archie lemons . ''
` ` fuck you , lemons , there are no tighter shirts .
` ` i have no idea , lemons . ''
` ` again , i have no idea , lemons .
my name is archie lemons and i am a private investigator over in bakersfield .
* * * earlier that morning , brad jackson placed a call to the pismo beach police department ; a department that treated him very , very well , and filed an official complaint of stalking on his new arch - nemesis archie lemons .
first , his wife , then that little bitch on the beach , and finally archie lemons .
while he scrolled through the seemingly endless channels of crappy daytime programming , he tried to think of ways to lure archie lemons into his house .
* * * brad jackson was getting very frustrated as he sat on one of the beds in the motel room of archie lemons .
` ` captain , its archie lemons .
` ` i am through with this conversation , mr . lemons .
archie lemons .
` ` just trust me on this one , lemons .
` ` impressive , mr . lemons .
` ` you forget who will be leading this investigation though , lemons , '' gibson said .
archie lemons : superstar !
the original title was going to be either archie lemons : the not - as - good sequel , archie lemons and the horrible case of sequelitis or archie lemons and the sophomore slump , in regards to sequels always sucking .
the original title was going to be either archie lemons : the not - as - good sequel , archie lemons and the horrible case of sequelitis or archie lemons and the sophomore slump , in regards to sequels always sucking .
the original title was going to be either archie lemons : the not - as - good sequel , archie lemons and the horrible case of sequelitis or archie lemons and the sophomore slump , in regards to sequels always sucking .
i reported it immediately to the local police , but as it turns out , in typical lemon 's luck , the same guy i reported it to was brad 's accomplice and gay lover .
again , love that lemon 's luck !
something i should have remembered two years ago , could have saved me a few gunshot wounds and a whole lot of pain , but no , stupid archie lemons forgets everything when some good looking dame walks in to his office .
` ` what may i help you with , mr.- '' ` ` lemons , '' i add .
` ` simple , mr . lemons .
its the archie lemons diet .
the archie lemons diet consists of me going out and buying these same shirtsin a larger size .
` ` lemons , what the hell is the goddamn holdup , '' elise cackled through the speakers .
` ` god damn it , lemons ! ''
me : vince , archie lemons vince : archie , any news ?
` ` archie lemons , i ' m here with elliot , who isssss ... '' i glanced around the room , ` ` well , he 's over there somewhere .
` ` you are quite the ladies man , archie lemons .
when they concluded , the hotel manager said , ` ` very well , mr . lemons .
( what the hell was that , lemons !
i have another book out now that is n't part of the archie lemons saga called the lost & found , which i ' m also very proud of .
i was watching the little girl and wondering how enjoyably she was counting the lemons .
did you see ... did you see , she rushed towards me , there are fifteen lemons now !
if any grown up like me had seen this lemon plant after a day , he would have rather kvetched for seeing merely two more .
but this is my lemon tree .
she looked again at the lemons for once and then pointed her stick towards roots of the plant in the ground .
you eat smores and cake and deep - fried lollipops and then you probably drink more booze ; a combo of red wine , high - end scotch , and lemon drop shots because you are too womanly for real shots .
order lemon drop shots for the table and then yell out in your gayest possible voice as you are about to take the shots , to faggots !
it made him look like someone had bet he could nt smile and eat a lemon at the same time .
it was an august evening and a last bit of yellow hung like a slice of lemon in the grey sky .
he makes lemons out of lemonade !
nah , i taste of lemons .
i like sucking lemons .
dry , shrivelled , wrinkly old lemons covered in puss ?
will leapt to the bar and waved the menu at the barmaid , who was arranging slices of fluffy lemon on a green paper plate .
wayne popped up out of the box , holding a lemon .
god , was it good : cognac , orange liqueur , and lemon juice .
this was like biting into a lemon .
do n't play hooky and get the lemon cookie .
it was n't about judith 's weakness for lemon creme sandwich cookies .
first , their puckered mouths of red and yellow closed and tightened as though they had suddenly tasted the sourest lemon in the world -- trust me , i 'd know .
i was just going to bake the salmon with a little bit of lemon and dill .
fizzies came in the standard cola flavors , like orange , grape , lemon - line and a sort of coca - cola , but my favorite was the root beer .
konrads face screwed like a baby sucking a lemon , just listen to yourself !
act iii chapter 16 red & alert the short glass slammed on the surface with overzealous aggression ; lemon slices jumped from the plate and slopped on the bar - top .
lucy said , expertly sinking her shot without the aid of salt and lemon , that s how you do it !
the dame bounced up and down on her feet , peering at ed with a clownish , pulled - in , non - plussed kind of expression , as though she were sucking on a lemon too quickly .
this director directed morass , however , darn near had him back with a shot of tequila in one hand and a slice of lemon in the other with a salt shaker nearby ready for duty .
lorenzo thinking that , although life had just served him up lemons in the human form of elvis the asshole and pancho the other asshole , lorenzo -- he modestly hesitated to say lorenzo the virtuoso -- would find a way to make lemonade from life 's elvis and pancho lemons .
lorenzo thinking that , although life had just served him up lemons in the human form of elvis the asshole and pancho the other asshole , lorenzo -- he modestly hesitated to say lorenzo the virtuoso -- would find a way to make lemonade from life 's elvis and pancho lemons .
i poured us some vodka lemons and walked towards the couch .
the sweetness of the lemon cut the bitterness of the codeine and it went down easy .
joe , who had been refused a further glass of wine , took a sip on his lemon and soda .
diana shook her head , her lips pursed like she was sucking a lemon .
` ` maybe we picked a lemon with that one . ''
but since gladys needed a cup of sugar to finish her lemon slice , she decided to ask samuel for it , just in case .
hesitantly , paddington prodded a lemon with his finger .
i imagined myself huddled over chick - n - minis , remembered all the times i enjoyed a coupon lunch of 3 - for-2 chargrilled chicken sandwiches , and laughed at the night i spilled lemon pie into my lap .
and i would see bugs that thought they were sticks or leaves , green leaves that smelled like lemon droops taste , strange dr . seussian phallic mushrooms that smelled like rotten meat and soil that looked and smelled like ground coffee .
at least until i get this damn daisy chain finished as i observe him approaching a lemon cowslip .
but you never could be sure if you were buying a lemon .
it was the sixties , people , and in memphis that meant the strip , the shell , the bitter lemon .
satori at the bitter lemon , call it the end of enchantment , drudges questions , the dotage of a fairy tale hero le : it was cassava , dear .
it was at the bitter lemon , you know , and i d go therei was , shit , i do nt know , 16 or something .
with mudboy and the neutrons and alex and the manor and the bitter lemon .
so baltazar executed an honest attempt , but all he could do was separate his lips , shaping them like a lemon , exposing all of his teeth that shimmered like washed porcelain .
baltazar grinned amusingly , calmly reciting his accomplishment like a meditated killer , splitting his lips into the shape of a lemon , recycling the memory of his accomplishment for instant gratification .
ominous , when flown over , balmy when plunged into the mediterranean blues , the body anointed with olive oil spiced with lemon , a ripe tomato rubbed on the skin continuing inside mouth and body the sun of midsummer .
chamomile , or maybe lemon ginger .
in the kitchen margie put the finishing touches on the simple meal of salmon baked with lemon and herbs , salad and hot rolls .
she had a rather long list this time , and he labored through grapefruit and lemons , romaine lettuce and spinach , even finding the little packages of bean sprouts .
when undressed , i will hand her a prop : a lemon ; an orange ; a marrow , working up to a watermelon .
unexpectedly for all , eugenes face distorted as if he had chewed a dozen lemons with the right side of his mouth .
chop the pulp and mix it with roasted walnuts , garlic , salt and pepper , fresh oregano , olive oil and lemon juice for eggplant caviar .
the rosemary , sage and lemon balm needed to be dug up from the herb garden , potted and brought inside if they were to survive the winter .
when the garlic was all peeled , he would puree it before adding it to his own olive oil and lemon mayonnaise .
mashing the garlic to join a colloidal suspension of egg yolk , lemon , and olive oil would make a wonderful sauce to be spread on steamed potatoes and poached baccala .
when she returned she was carrying a tray filled to a delicate balance with teapot , cups and saucers , milk , lemon , ginger , sugars , honey , butter , two jam jars , plates , and a plate of toast points .
do you care for lemon , sugar , honey , crystallized ginger or castor sugar with your tea ?
with lemon and ginger .
there s cherry rhubarb jam or my own lemon curd .
the memories of how to make a pair of golden crowns from the slicing of a lemon , or truss a chicken , or strip the fell from a rack of lamb had spun away .
the sun is a lemon in frosting , almost breaking through the thinly veiled mid - afternoon fog .
after a few minutes she is surprised to see the waitress return carrying a pitcher of ice water with sliced lemon , and two glasses .
he asks , and without waiting fills the water glasses on the table from a water pitcher with floating lemon slices .
` ` it already tastes funny from the lemon , '' nina answers , closing the vial and putting it back in her pocket .
true they did n't usually have lemon in their water every day , so maybe her boyfriend would in fact attribute any unusual flavor to the added lemon .
true they did n't usually have lemon in their water every day , so maybe her boyfriend would in fact attribute any unusual flavor to the added lemon .
` ` there 's a lemon mousse cake in the kitchen , '' katrina responds , as if just remembering it .
` ` you can have some lemon mousse cake with me now ! ''
she mixed herself a vodka tonic , cutting a lemon slice into it , and took a deep sip from the drink .
oh , thank you god , thought steve , not sure of his ability to bear up under the weight of a slice of lemon meringue at this point in his pie odyssey .
i was fortunate enough to taste everything from apple , to peach , to blackberry , to pecan , to cherry with a little lemon meringue thrown in for good measure .
it 's what i ' ve always dreamed of : raviolo of lobster and salmon , in a chervil and lemon grass velout .
it smelled of lemons .
joseph pasted another block of boilerplate just where it belonged , then plucked the lemon out of his iced tea to resqueeze it .
the rind of a lemon , with its regular dimples and high yellow complexion , cheered him so extraordinarily that he plucked and resqueezed several times as he drank each glass .
and now , as joseph squeezed another lemon into a fresh iced tea and breathed in the spray of lemon oil , he felt with decreasing urgency the embarrassment of having helped herr halsa turn away from the truth .
and now , as joseph squeezed another lemon into a fresh iced tea and breathed in the spray of lemon oil , he felt with decreasing urgency the embarrassment of having helped herr halsa turn away from the truth .
but none of that was the main reason he sat at his desk again , resqueezing his lemon , dusting a few leaves of his ivy planta final act of defiance , since herr halsas permission was unspoken and grudgingand pasted in more blocks of pre - written text .
` ` lemon chutney ? ''
the lemon chutney man said she had died but never said how .
the cabin was very light , and smelled faintly of lemon .
it smelled faintly of lemon , her perfume .
frozen chicken breasts , grilled with fresh rosemary and lemon and green beans on the side .
you put lemon meringue in my head .
i swoosh past her , a warm breeze , smelling of lemons .
to all of us it interested to find the most greater number of available potato and few selective , but in every case , badly that it went , it annihiliated us of gin lemon .
a great shade as a lemon that could be a tumor .
we have eaten a sandwich and drunk water and cold tea to the lemon .
twenty minutes later , when chicken and the others not seeing us arrive has reached us to the baretto , gianca and i we were to the third gin lemon offered by our calabrian friends .
you / he / she has also refused , in the general amazement , the gin lemon persistently offered him , then , turning to me and gianca , you / he / she has ordered us to move sees us that his / her uncles were waiting us to have lunch .
i have ended the gin lemon warmingly thanking and it was some as if the relatives of chicken had also become quickly my relatives and of gianca .
a couple of the girls , or younger boys would take a few large serving plates to the shops where the vendors spread out the hummus , baba ganoush , and ful mudammas -- a fava bean dip , onto plates and garnish them with olive oil , lemon juice and parsley .
it came with coffee or tea and a slice of pie apple or lemon meringue for dessert .
considering her situationher positionshe has definitely made lemonade out the lemons that she has been given .
hot water filled the basin and the bubbles rose , sending a scent of lemon into the air .
garretts ordered two barbecue sandwiches and a hostess lemon fruit pie for dessert .
ocarina vermillion , clamor says , mouth full of hostess lemon fruit pie .
adding lemon juice to goat milk , leon explained , makes goat cheese .
the streets of greece were lined with lemon trees and violet flowers .
in a glass , i put a spoon of malt extract ( for the b vitamins ) and dissolve it in a little boiling water ; squeeze half a lemon or a whole one , top with water and a dash of cayenne pepper .
the malt acts as food so you are not starving , the cayenne pepper ( or chilli ) increases your metabolism , creates healthy stomach and liver bile , allowing the lemon to eat fat cells and cleanse the liver .
i add some fresh lemon or lime juice .
; sshe could nt abide seeing dago every dayand began working for a small private detective agency : alec fast lemons shadow bureau .
a tall glass of freshly squeezed lemon juice appeared on my bedside table .
i stared in a daze at the men who would have populated my brothers life a lump as big as a lemon lodged in my throat .
her mom always finished the meal off with a glass of red wine while kaylee enjoyed a glass of her homemade iced tea with lots of lemon slices .
that leaves you enough for more lemons .
kitten leaned forward and crunched a cube of ice from her empty glass of gin and tonic with extra lemon .
a lemon sprayed the rice while our collective , wet hunger climaxed from the hashish .
a beer , a plate of boiled ham seasoned with oil , lemon and black pepper , avas and an artichoke cut small and grilled .
a matrimonio is a boqueron in lemon and on top of an anchovy , pinched together with a toothpick .
one by one the cubes of ice fell into the glass - es , she opened the different bottles of mixers , except for mencia who drank habana club 7 with ice and lemon and my bourbon on the rocks .
she returned from the kitchen with two lemon mousses , light and fluffy , bubbly to the bottom of the cup .
the scent of lemon tickled my nose .
faye was bringing lemon meringue pie and fruit salad for desert and mary was bringing a tossed salad .
hummus ground chickpeas , jalapeno pepper , lemon , parsley , garlic , a dash of olive oil and tahini , which is a paste prepared from sesame seeds .
mr . solomon his first name was ariyah , which meant lion in hebrew - was hummus minus all the rapturous herbs and spices no tahini , no garlic , no fresh lemon , no jalapeo pepper .
while you get dressed , ill pick a few lemons and other fruit off the trees for her .
meanwhile , our personal waitress had led me away to a comfortable lounge and i was given a fancy glass with a straw , slices of lemon adorned the side , and sugar crystals coated the top .
ian had brought amanda tea with lemon , just the way she liked it in her tall porcelain mug .
he places a tea cosy over the pot and lays out two cups , two saucers and a teaspoon , contemplating for a moment before beginning to slice a lemon .
to the other cup he gently tosses in the slices of lemon , yet does nt pour tea .
he puts the milk back in the fridge , bins the slices of lemon and pours away the remaining tea .
he was a pudgy man with big ruddy cheeks , which protruded like lemons and were luminous when he grinned .
we serve them up boiled and we do nt do anything fancy , just lobsters , live in the tank by the entry one minute , boiled up and served with butter and a slice of lemon the next .
the third time he took away my dessert and ate it himself , lemon meringue pie .
ever since then , i ca nt seem to get enough lemon meringue pie .
the first night at the youth hostel , as they ate cheese sandwiches and drank lemon squash , peter carefully added up what had been spent that day .
so much free fruit lying around tempted newcomers to sneak out at night with sacks and pillowcases which they hurriedly stuffed with the awful oranges , never realizing that no one would object if they came in daylight and took every sour oranges in the entire city , only a fool would bother defending them ; at their next breakfast the thieves would discover ( to their considerable horror ) that the oranges yielded a pale juice which bit into your mouth like lemon juice .
she sang the song during the day as she kneaded the dough to make her sugar - glazed , apple and cinnamon strudel ; over and over she repeated the absurd refrain as she sprinkled lemon and orange rind , black raisins and honey onto the paper - thin crust .
harvested mostly citrusoranges , grapefruit , lemons .
and over the next few weeks and months there was a lot more : parsley , figs , green beans , dill , lemons , zucchini , basil , spinach , plums , rosemary , tangerines , kale , asparagus , cilantro , cherries , and a few hot chilies that stung a little .
laura had mixed in a squeeze of lemon and a spoonful of honey .
on it were two small plates , each with a pimento - cheese sandwich neatly cut in half diagonally , two cups of steaming earl grey tea , and lemon wedges , milk , and sugar , each in its own matching pottery container .
an uncleared table offered up a half pint glass containing clear liquid and a slice of lemon - presumably a gin and tonic , and a nearly full pint of what looked like bitter .
about half the team goes inside , and five minutes later they return to the bus with two of cases of lemon extract and a big box of dixie cups .
then the guys would file out with a dixie cup in one hand and bottle of lemon extract in the other .
it turns out that lemon extract is 83 % alcohol .
it did not take many little bottles of that lemon firewater to start having an impact .
for the rest of the year , deacon thorp carried a pocket full of lemon drops he was always offering to his teammates but except for shine and me he never got any takers .
its composition is unknown , but what we do know is it seems to stimulate the nerves around an injury hugely , causing tremendous pain like pouring lemon juice on a cut both melody and her mom winced , her mom hissing between clenched teeth .
next he said go and fetch lemon leaves .
get the gardener to bring in whatever he may find , including lemon blossom from the orchard .
with that they sat down , all three , around a dark heavy highly polished coffee table on which three glasses of steaming lemon tea had already been set out .
you should just put lemon juice in it , he said .
caviar , lemon sole , fresh trout , angel fish , its all here !
xenana returned after a few minutes with three bottles of beer , each with a lemon inserted in the opening where the metal top had been wrested off .
i 'll just tell her to take oil and wash it down with hot lemon .
she inhaled deeply , filling her lungs with his unique scent of sandalwood and lemons .
channie stroked the velvety leaf of a lemon balm plant with her index finger .
tendrils of smoke rose from the book , filling the air with incensesandalwood and lemons layered over a hint of musk .
at the table there were grapes , strawberries , melons , and mangoes , fresh bread , cold chicken and prawns , grilled white fish and lemon juice , and chips cooked in a real deep - fryer .
but by six , i was seated at the dinner table with mum and dad , eating lemon chicken and rice .
it was both sickly sweet and slightly rank with the taste of lemon peel .
come on , we can get some lemon squash from the kitchen .
some lemon squash has gone .
you know , the lemonade from lemons thing .
what marcela put in front of kate , charlie , and george were plates with lemon squares sitting in the middle of beautifully done swirls of raspberry sauce and topped with impossibly thin intertwined tendrils of spun sugar .
george , apparently unimpressed , cut the lemon square in two with his fork and put half in his mouth .
moffat read the list : four rib eye steaks , parsley , garlic , lemon , red onion , pound cake , strawberries , and rum .
~ ~ ~ chapter 36 barely five minutes before de la pea took his first bite of a grilled ham and cheese sandwich , moffat and jean sat down to a dinner of grilled wild alaskan sockeye salmon seasoned with lemon and fresh herbs .
she passed stalls with several kinds of lettuce , oranges , lemons and grapefruit , strawberries and fresh trays of brown and white eggs , with signs proclaiming free range .
mrs . grubb came in carrying a tray with cups , a teapot and a plate of carr 's ginger lemon cremes .
other employees unwrapped plates of sandwiches and opened boxes of lemon tarts and re - stocked items for sale to the steady flow of festival goers .
i will have tea , sweet , with lots and lots of lemon .
marcella raised her hand , i 'll have tea also , unsweetened , no lemon .
marcella came out a little while later with plates , bread , a bowl of tartar sauce and some lemons .
the fresh fish with lemon , rye bread and home - made tartar sauce were fabulous .
i had made fabulous chicken salad sandwiches with a hint of lemon , no bread crusts , and the edges rolled in crushed cashews .
there were numerous types of brownies and a section of specialty cookies to include maple bacon , dipped macaroons , turtles , and lemon sandwiches .
the bottom of the pitcher was littered with lemon pits .
i pretended to act casual by taking a sip of my lemon juice .
adela sipped hot tea with lemon while she waited for mark to come on the line .
when he saw the phone against mikes face he held up a lemon with one hand and formed a zero with the other .
the good news keeps flowing , out of beer , out of lemons , and out of money .
mike flipped through his rolodex for a vender who could bring in more lemons on credit .
i was more careful , choosing the least expensive option on the menu , a garden salad ( which was still twelve - fifty- for that price i was expecting some pretty fancy ingredients- if they brought me some wedges of iceberg and a couple of shredded carrots i intended to stage a revolt ) and added a water with lemon .
i was a bit nervous that the lemon might cost me four or five dollars and debated removing that , but before i could , the waiter , looking more than a bit peeved at my economical choices , swept up the menus and flounced away .
his first decision was whether to have lemon or lime in his bloody mary .
i was busy cutting lemons for the iced tea .
the air was scented with lemons and a mans suit jacket hung neatly over one of the dining chairs .
i finally decided to saut some tilapia in olive oilconcoct a lemon and butter saucesort of a piccata sauce but without the capers .
no , might not be able to stand up to the lemon .
time to squeeze the lemon and dust the fillet with flour and then turn the heat on under the frying pan .
alan put the salmon fillet on the grill then placed lemon , butter , and onion slices on top .
i took a sip of ice water with a slice of lemon .
margaret sipped her lemon water .
shrimp cooked in butter and white wine with garlic and a hint of lemon zest , served over fresh linguine , finely chopped parsley over all , fresh french bread , and the rest of the crisp white cote de beaune .
they each ordered a glass of water with a lemon twist , a favorite likeness of both of them .
she shook her head again , gave me a quick wave and reached greedily for the lemon butter sauce .
its side is emblazoned with the emblem for royal tea , a brew that i have yet to ever see sold in any market , and yet there are several crates available within , all of them strangely long in construction , at six feet in length in a guessed estimation , with the symbol of a leaf and a half lemon painted haphazardly on all sides .
there are four of them in the carriage today , and while my good fellow who had so kindly donated himself to me was cheerfully waiting in the one with various oranges and lemons and the odd strawberry painted on the surface in happy colours , the other remaining crates were filled with straw and were empty .
however , the man was nowhere near the calibre of surgeon dr . grey , his eyes covered in cataracts and his senses dulled by his constant imbibing of ' medicine ' -- a medium flask perpetually filled to the brim with gin and flavoured slightly with lemon to keep the inspectors ignorant of his vice .
her tea was poured and she took it black , with a little lemon as was her habit , her faced soured further by the tart taste .
she smelled like a combination of fresh baked cookies , lemon pledge , and hard work , but hoped her friend would nt notice .
in no time she had a glass of water with a slice of lemon and a basket of warm bread in front of her .
kernan stared for a few moments with concentrated attention at the slice of lemon in his high - ball ; and then he looked at the detective with a sudden crooked , brilliant smile .
after a quick mix of the sweet and tart lemon curd , i poured it onto the cooled , buttery crust and got it into a hot oven .
i poured myself an iced tea , plopped in a couple slices of lemon and sat down at the table .
i would remember every detail and want to forget it , the way the june sun came through the window , the smell of lemon cleaner in the air .
making lemon tart with me was their form of rebellion and as a result i could make practically anything from puff pastry to tiramisu .
only what he drank - campari and lemon .
could duclos really have battered the boy half to death , then come down here and calmly sipped at campari and lemon while looking for this girl , if she existed ?
eighty yards past , he was clear of the fumes and the smells of the fields took over : ripening vines , lemons , almonds and olives , grass and wheat burnished almost white by the sun .
tabouli is a mixture of parsley , bulgur , mint , tomato , scallions with olive oil , herbs , spices and a little lemon juice .
in the kitchen , i grabbed a tall blue tumbler and filled it with ice and tea , added a lemon wedge , and popped on a lid with a built - in straw .
without asking what he wanted to drink , ronni pulled out gin , lemons , and simple syrup to mix pete a french 75 cocktail , filling the flute with champagne to the top before passing it to him .
she opened the sack and said , there 's a bran muffin and what smells to be a lemon muffin .
the lemon one is full of tiny seeds .
you eat the lemon .
dinner was traditional southern fare : pan - fried chicken , mashed potatoes , green beans and biscuits , with a lemon meringue pie for dessert .
at night i dream of your pot roast , carrots and potatoes , rice smothered in gravy and your lemon chiffon pie for dessert .
she pulled out a cutting board and started slicing lemons .
i popped a twist of lemon into the drink .
i had cranberries , chopped apples , lemons and blueberries for fresh fruits .
as i mixed up a batch of cranberry muffins and made a lemon zest icing , the door opened with a customer .
his features pursed as if he had just taken a big bite out of a lemon .
pour over a marinade made of cup oil , 1/3 cup lemon juice , minced garlic and lots of fresh rosemary .
in summation , ashley stated striking a lecturing sort of a pose and ticking items off on her fingers as she named them , that s no wedding planner , no pianist , no photographer , she made the florist cry , the hairdresser left in outrage , i barely saved the wedding cake from being sent back because the icing clashed with her dress , her once a day practices for the past two weeks have created a chicken pox epidemic in the flower girl , ring bearer , candle lighters , and guest book attendants , and she stormed out to get some air after she banished me from the ready room because i brought her a glass of water that did not contain a lemon slice .
did nt you put any lemon in my water ?
this is what i think of your stupid wedding , and your stupid brides glass , and this water is perfectly fine without any lemon !
no lemon !
the bruises on his body had swelled to the size of lemons .
chief waltrip looked like he swallowed a lemon .
tiffany sat on the other side of the bed looking like she swallowed a lemon .
the trouble is he did nt know boats , he bought a lemon .
the place was spotless , quiet as a morgue , the vinyl floor gleamed , the place smelled of lemon pledge .
she vaguely registered a toffee flavour mixed with lemon .
are you eating lemon sherbets ?
she was ' ere at christmas with some big - shots ol ' tony was showing round and you 'd think she 'd been sucking on a lemon from the sour puss of ' er . '
his partner , wisnewski , a lanky guy with a blond mustache , looked like he d sucked a lemon and his lips froze in a sneer .
he smelled like lemons . ''
grilled lemon pepper asparagus and stuffed mushrooms . ''
do you really need to add a paper cut with lemon juice to my already over the top punishment ? ''
she was sitting in the rocker with her arms folded across her chest , her face scrunched like she was sucking on a lemon .
makes a bunch 5 cups white flour 4 tsp baking powder 1 tsp baking soda 1 1/2 tsp salt 1/2 tsp cinnamon 1 cup mashed potatoes 1 1/2 cups sugar 2 eggs 1/4 cup melted butter 1 cup buttermilk 1 tsp vanilla 1/2 tsp grated lemon rind oil for frying powdered sugar or granulated sugar cinnamon ( optional ) sift together flour , baking powder , baking soda , salt , and cinnamon .
in separate bowl , combine buttermilk , vanilla , and lemon rind .
she wore a tailored linen dress the color of a fresh lemon , with black trim around the neck and down the front .
spruce that up with a lemon wedge for you ? ''
a hostess was assigned to staff each kitchenette during business hours , charged with brewing fresh coffee ; restocking milk , sugar , and cream ; cutting lemons for the tea drinkers ; running the prescott & talbott mugs through the dishwasher ; and keeping the area spotless .
a shriveled lemon .
i ordered the lemon chicken for lunch , which i d have out on the terrace .
he rang for the butler , who eventually wandered in with a bowl of punch -- warmed port , sugar , water , and lemon -- filled glasses for us both , then departed .
louisa leaned to me , fragrant with lemon and silk , and pressed a soft kiss to my forehead .
i picked up a shell , squeezed lemon onto the grey , slimy creature inside and then tipped it toward my mouth .
do youi mean , if it is nt any trouble , do you have any lemon slices ?
he went and got a lemon out of the fridge in the back , said a quick hail mary , and cut it , holding it with the thumb and two fingers of his left hand that worked , using the knife with the right .
the slices came out okaya little uneven , but not sos you d noticeand he stuck all but one in the rubbermaid container marked lemon and went back out to give the fbi guy his water .
thirsty , i groped for my thermal cup of ice water and lemon slices .
it tasted like lukewarm lemon .
a bowl of bread pudding with what smelled like lemon sauce , my absolutely favorite dessert .
no orange juice , but there s lemon .
you want lemon ?
and you re a lemon jack , as sour as they come .
the music of the night mingled with the scent of olives and lemons and dusky perfumes that pooled in the air over the little caf .
the air was fragrant with the scent of lemons and roses .
she could smell the redolent mixture of olives and lemons and sun - sweetened grass and roses .
ill have to take the car down to jerrys auto and have him laugh at me for buying another one of those used lemons .
dirk ordered liver and onions with mashed potatoes , and a large iced tea with a slice of lemon .
both of us had a hot cup of coffee , the sheriff had a piece of lemon pie .
certainly , madam , ice and slice of lemon of course go and sit down dear , ill bring it over to you , will you be having lunch today ?
stuart peered at archie for a long moment , looking like he had just bitten into a lemon .
why do nt you let me in and ill make you a hot cuppa tea with lemon .
you could , though , bring me some hot tea , with lemon .
now ' scuse me , i got to go get my car out of impound before you start with the whole ' if life gives you lemons you make lemonade ' speech and i have to beat you senseless . ''
basil 's attempt at humility sounded as though he chewed lemons .
she used the key to open the door and stepped inside , where the smell of disinfectant cleaner and lemon furniture polish filled the air .
he 's taking lessons , '' i reminded her , and she grimaced as if she 'd bitten a lemon .
it was the neighbor across the road with a lemon cake .
herschel cut a thick slice of the lemon cake and declared it delicious .
` ` you got a lemon when you married me . ''
` ` yeah , but a pretty foxy lemon .
the office smelled of cigar smoke and lemon pledge .
salander saw nothing erotic about the outfit , but she had been drunk enough to suddenly want to pick up a girl dressed like a lemon .
i hate lemon meringue .
i squeeze the lemon into the glass and swirl it around until the bitter citrus has dispersed completely .
bronte believed in making lemonade out of lemons as much as the next person , but she was starting to agree with sharon .
chapter 2 gretchen petty picked the lemon off her water glass .
across from her , kat garvey reached over the table and snatched the lemon wedge from gretchen 's hands .
by the time gretchen looked fully relaxed , there was a fresh - baked set of banana nut muffins on the counter , something she referred to as a gingerbread souffle , tiny , perfectly shaped white chocolate scones , and pudding - filled lemon cupcakes decorated with hints of lemon zest , freshly grated by hunter .
` ` and i 'd assume jude , '' she said , just like she was sinking her teeth into a lemon wedge , ` ` has a last name . ''
raising a finger , dad gave the lemon butter sauce one final whisk and turned off all the burners .
i stop breathing from her proximity , from the drunk - making wonder of her scent , shampoo and lemons and whiskey and woman .
she sips her tea that i ' ve sweetened and added lemon to , just like she likes it .
` ` i knew you had my lemon tote . ''
i would take these three - way meet - and - greet lemons and make some goddamned lemonade .
` ` just bring me water with a lemon wedge . ''
my water with a lemon wedged on the rim of the glass is already waiting in front of me .
pretend that you ' ve just tasted the most sour lemon in the history of the universe . ''
` ` how sour is that lemon , jamal ? ''
` ` okay , now i want you to get mad that that lemon was so sour and roar like a lion . ''
cade then proceeded to shout , ` ` lemon face !
after a few rounds the kids were jumping around and screaming whether they were making lion or lemon faces .
for some reason that made no sense to me , they gave lemon slices with tequila instead of lime .
next , tamas bought me a gin bitter lemon , a drink i 'd been introduced to a few weeks ago .
i was beginning to get used to the lemon slices , sweeter than limes , but the sour taste still gave a tiny jolt on my tongue .
at any other time- hell , yesterday - i would have made things interesting with the lemon wedge or some salt , but i was n't up to it at the moment .
` ` gin bitter lemon , '' i ordered for myself , then looked at hunt .
i rolled my eyes and said , ` ` make that two gin bitter lemons . ''
if it was possible her mouth pulled into an even tighter frown , she looked like she was sucking on a lemon .
` ` sure , '' she sulked looking like she 'd just sucked on a lemon .
i walked outside and remembered that harper liked lemon with her tea and debated whether or not it was worth having to brave seeing sam again .
i walked back in and grabbed a plastic ramekin full of lemons .
` ` i do n't care but i know that callum 's favorite is lemon . ''
we cut into our cake hand in hand , completing yet another tradition , and fed each other lemon cake respectfully .
i took a sip of my water with a slice of lemon , and placed the glass on the table as i watched sylvie gulp down half of her margarita while searching the area for prospective male targets .
alongside each shot is a taller cup full of a brownish liquid with a lemon slice floating on the top .
` ` i told him of the list , '' i explain , stirring the straw around in my drink , watching the lemon go around and around .
go down to the bar and ask for a lemon .
add to that the torrent in my stomach and if i do n't get a lemon in the next two seconds , i ' m going to lose it .
when life gives you lemons cassie not wanting to wake up jack , i grabbed my things for work as quietly as possible and headed out our front door .
cass , just remember one thing ... when life gives you lemons , cut 'em open and squeeze the juice in life 's face ! ! ! ! !
remember : lemons !
` ` you smell like lemons and raindrops . ''
` ` why is one of her friends seeing me making you look like you sucked on a lemon ? ''
aside from the industrial matting at my hospital - room wedding , i 'd never walked a red carpet before in my life , and the thought of stepping out in front of all of those photographers made my stomach feel like a tiny person was in there frothing up some egg whites for a lemon meringue pie .
sodium light slanted through the windshield , painting the side of his face with warm lemon .
i started putting a slice of lemon in his glass , and he did n't complain , so i continued to do so .
he came back with two glasses of water with lemon .
` ` are you sure i ca n't get you a glass of ice or a lemon with that ? ''
three shot glasses filled with a pink mixture are placed directly in front of me , followed by three glasses of water with lemons .
a mixture of lemon , butter , and spices .
the waitress introduces herself , setting down two waters and a small plate of lemons .
i remember genna putting lemon pepper on it once , and it tasted good , so i look for that in his cabinet .
caramel , cheese , pickle juice , or ... lemon pepper !
the potent and tangy taste of the lemon fills my lungs as i breathe it in , causing me to end in a coughing fit .
he motions toward the lemon pepper - covered popcorn .
at some point , my beer disappears and is replaced by a glass of water with four wedges of lemon .
griffin was used to seeing the little delicate bowls at parties , a slice of lemon floating atop the water to keep it fresh .
her mouth puckered on the last part , as if she 'd bit down on a lemon .
his new lineup of sportscars rolling out as lemons .
josie had known darla would go straight for the lemon , and she did .
lauren looked as if she 'd been sucking on a lemon .
i completed my personal food shopping and then packed my cart with fresh lemons , limes , and oranges for the bar before heading to the checkout .
i had several limes and lemons in my hand when i came through the kitchen door .
they had one of those baskets too , towering with fruit - apples , oranges , nectarines , lemons that threatened to spill out - in our home in connecticut .
he chucked a wedge of lemon at me .
matronly looked as if she ate a lemon , and the crinkles in her brow sent me over the edge into laughter .
he brought the cups and a lemon to the table and set a cup before me .
he cradled the lemon in one palm and a little knife in the other .
` ` saw that , '' he said , cutting a strip of lemon peel .
he pushed aside a tiny cup with a lemon peel in the saucer .
` ` tia cassidy has lemon pie with that fluffy stuff on top . ''
* * * * * i was standing in our vip section holding a martini glass with the dregs of my lemon drop in my hand when the three friends i was talking to of the twenty - five i invited that night looked beyond me .
i 'd had four lemon drops .
his hand at my waist slid up my side then down as he murmured in my ear , ` ` my baby and lemon drops . ''
` ` when i f**k you drunk , you drink lemon drops . ''
i slid mine around her waist and once i quit laughing , i took a sip of my san pellegrino with lemon in it .
i drank lemon drops .
on lemon drop three , i cornered viv in relative privacy .
* * * * * on lemon drop five when i was bordering on tipsy , i felt a hand light on the small of my back .
i walked up them , carrying my lemon drop and when i got to the top , i knocked .
just the girls in a back , corner booth , lemon drops ( me ) , martinis ( viv ) and cosmos ( sandrine ) .
i pulled my key from my purse at the door , inserted it in knight 's lock , turned it and sucked in another calming breath , wishing i 'd had one last lemon drop for courage before i pushed it in .
` ` lemon drops , '' he murmured and i smiled .
` ` lemon , '' sunny answered and came to stand in front of tate and i at the counter .
i ignored this , focused on processing my disappointment that shambles had yet to hit on a chocolate theme at the same time surveying the case seeing lemon drizzle cake , lemon squares and lemon curd filled cupcakes and wondering what i was going to order .
` ` that 's hard , '' sunny put in , ` ` shambles is a master with lemon . ''
then , knowing what it meant , i ordered , ` ` i 'll take one of anything with lemon in it . ''
multiple lemon treats .
` ` two lemon squares .
two slices of lemon and ginger bread with pistachios .
and two pieces of lemon drizzle cake . ''
` ` ace , we got five pounds of lemon shit in the truck .
i 'd long since realized she was nice when she said she 'd call next time she was in carnal and we 'd have coffee ` ` at that place where that hippie makes great lemon poppy seed bread '' .
` ` so , making lemonade out of lemons , now i get to ask you since you 're awake instead of springing it on you , '' she started .
when the rest of her food was unpacked she grabbed the chicken from the fridge and marinated it in lemon , garlic , chili , and olive oil to give it flavour .
the lemon made his mouth water .
would she taste as good as lemons but with a tang of the woman underneath ?
he stood close , and he got a hint of lemon .
moving back to the kitchen she pulled out the ingredients to make her lemon loaf cake , the one cake which felt like a treat but was wonderful to make .
she tasted of lemon , a highly addictive flavour .
unless , of course , she 'd let someone eat lemon meringue off her stomach in college .
a dusting of lemon .
she moaned as she pressed her face into a bag of lemons , her behind into his huge penis , barely covered by boxers .
emma 's mother walked out of the church next , her boring suit a perfect match to her boring hair , makeup , and pinched expression.does she keep lemons in her pocket ? he wondered .
his mouth tasted like sweet lemons and sunshine .
his lips tasted of sugar and lemons .
i got you some halls , but i recommend hot tea with lots of lemon and honey before bed tonight . ''
her face twisted like she was sucking on a lemon before she shrugged and picked it back up .
logan looked like he was sucking on a lemon in every picture and screen grab i saw , handsome features tight and obscured by his scowl , or using his hand or suit jacket to hide his face .
she glared me up and down then slapped on a smile that looked like she was sucking on a lemon .
a plate of fresh lemons and limes sit next to me .
her mouth draws up like she 's sucking on a lemon .
my reproductive system is a lemon .
padded seating ran around the perimeter of the room , upholstered in cotton of a bright turquoise scattered with yellow lemons and bright red cherries .
his car was clean for a nineteen year old and smelled like lemons .
all , except for marina , said they wanted a coffee ; she asked for a soda water with a twist of lemon .
three coffees and a lemon frize , said the barman while putting drinks on the table by way of confirmation to their request .
grab your lemon coated in sugaryes , that is an active ingredient .
take the shot , swallow , then immediately suck on the sugar lemon .
at the bar i yelled for two lemon drops , an easy shot with a slight energy kick because of all the sugary alcohol .
that would be one way of turning lemons into lemonade .
when the drink waitress from the bar came to the table , mandy chose a diet soda , and buddy ordered iced tea with lemon .
he looks like he had lemons for breakfast .
well bruce , you gave me lemons , i simply made lemonade .
` ` noah , '' he said , screwing up his face like a dried - up lemon .
a traditional cuban meal was spread out on that white linen tablecloth , complete with a citrusy salad of avocados , tomatoes and red onion on a bed of green lettuce , coated with a drizzle of lemon juice and olive oil .
spice , lemon and ice .
its like lemon and leather .
but since anne hathaway beat me to the punch , ill just have to stick with being an author slash novelist slash aspiring amalgamation of richard castle , chuck wendig , and liz lemon .
i smelled your hair lilac and lemon .
we are eating jelly beans and sliced melon off a crystal plate and we have tall glasses filled with lemonade and a lemon wedge on the sides of our glasses .
for the first time , i notice your indifference , the way you ignore him , take the lemon wedge and suck on it , purse your lips , and then recite the last verse of the poem : since then ' t is centuries and yet eachfeels shorter than the day i first surmised the horses ' headswere toward eternity .
you keep spinning on your heels , and then drop down into the chair , throw the lemon wedge in neals direction .
to be honest it did nt taste all that different from his usual drink of late , laced with ice and a slice of lemon but minus the vodka .
one sip of diet tonic water with a slice of lemon floating inside the glass , he whispered .
on a side table , ready for the players , joey had set up drinks , including a couple of lemons and a knife to cut them with .
in a voice full of lemon peels the chambermaid said , ` ` tess moran ?
she looked like shed swallowed a lemon when she caught sight of me in the entrance hall .
she was sweetness itself and he breathed her in , a faint scent of lilacs and lemon oil .
he swept off his hat , shouldered the door shut and breathed in the delicious aromas of chicken , dumplings and lemon cake .
her scent wafted up to him , a scent laced with the hint of tuberoses and lemon blossoms and ... woman .
she was dimly aware of a bowl of lemons beside her head as she arched back against the stone .
it was like entering a lavish library that smelled of lemon polish and leather .
jessica 's mind continued to chew on her recollections as she rummaged in the potholder drawer for the lemon sticks she 'd only just recalled when mabel tapped her on the shoulder .
the scents of garlic and lemon met me when i opened the door to my room , and my stomach growled in response .
they lingered for another fifteen minutes over hot teaearl gray for zach , lemon zinger for beccaand never felt pushed to leave despite the full restaurant and the line at the door .
the lemon tart is exquisite .
the tartness of lemon icing and the sweetness of honey collided on her tongue .
i said were so similar in so many ways ... thinking about how we both like lemons in our water and stuff like that but that 's inconsequential ... '' i just loved it when he used them big words .
getting warmer abby plucked more lemon chicken and chewed thoughtfully .
the air smelled sweet and green with hints of lemon grass and lavender scenting it .
they re just like people franz would say ; you get a lemon now and then , but treat them right and things might just work out .
snagging a tall glass from the cupboard , she poured his tea and added a slice of fresh lemon to the top .
the conversation deleted , suzie re - did her lipstick , watched the clock tick and waited for the grey lizard to drift off to the commission for a press briefing , a free sour lemon , or perhaps even a mutual skin - shedding session with a scaly colleague .
` ` hey zac , i have some lemon chicken that just needs to go into the oven .
` ` i 'd like a mineral water with a twist of lemon and a plain brownie , '' she said .
he nodded and scurried off and returned a moment later with an iced glass filled with the sparkly water and a sliver of lemon floated on the surface .
finally , the doctor would not have squeezed like a lemon .
mark advised her to try the lemon liqueur .
the waiter offered to bring a cocktail lemon .
` ` i ' m glad you like it , and i was saying , that , in speaking of the constellations , that of aquarius , for example , was so named by the sumerians , in honor of the god an '' ` ` ah , yes , the aquarius is my sign '' and sent down yet another sip of the alcoholic beverage aroma of lemon .
they sat down and ordered the juice of lemons .
there is lemon water or cucumber water on the table over there .
thinking of holly is like pouring a cup of fresh squeezed lemon on the bloody parts .
the porch was just as i rememberedthe swing , with a few garden chairs and a table for momma to place her iced tea with lemons .
fresh , warm woman with a hint of lemon made his body respond in ways he did nt want .
pour one ounce of vodka , one ounce of gin , one ounce of white rum , one ounce of white tequila , a half an ounce of triple sec and the juice of two squeezed lemons into the shaker .
garnish with lemon wedges .
garnish with the lemon wedges .
you can do that by grabbing a half a lemon and making a little notch in it with your knife .
cut another lemon in half and juice one half of a lemon into the shaker .
cut another lemon in half and juice one half of a lemon into the shaker .
garnish with a curl of lemon peel .
hot buttered rum - put a cinnamon stick , lemon peel and 2 ounces of dark rum into a mug .
mulled wine - combine one bottle of red wine , 1 cup of cognac , 3/4 of a cup of sugar , 2 cinnamon sticks , 3 whole cloves , 1 teaspoon of grated nutmeg , 1 vanilla bean , 1 star anise , 1 sliced orange , and 1 sliced lemon into a sauce pan and simmer for twenty - five minutes .
the restaurant turns out to be greek , and we order grape leaves and lemon soup with chicken .
i looked up from the engrossing occupation of swirling ice in my lemon drop to find fiona clutchinggqto her chest .
bartender barbie set another lemon drop in front of me and gave me a look resembling pity .
the vodka in my lemon dropspluralmust have been getting to me .
but that might have been due to the lemon drops , so i gave her a shrug - nod and signaled for another drink .
barbie set the fresh lemon drop before me , but i decided i had enough .
after changing into a colorful sundress , covered with bright yellow lemons against a white background and matching lemon yellow piping , my brain had calmed enough to realize the opportunities abounding .
swirling the ice in my lemon drop , i pondered how i had ever believed gavin fairchild was the picture perfect prince of my dreams .
order me another , i asked before downing the remains of my lemon drop .
my eyes blurred as i stared at the untouched lemon drop on the table .
fiona pushed the fresh lemon drop in front of me .
her face looked like she had just sucked a lemon .
her face went sour like she sucked a lemon .
evelyn more books by evelyn adams the southern heart series feel like home ( jude and autumn ) loving bailey ( bailey and trace ) coming soon : jude and autumns wedding novella practical arrangement ( travis and summer ) studio 1247 erotic romance series love unbound bound to please bound with pleasure the forbidden fruit erotic romance series love unlocked love uncovered love unwrapped love unlocked , uncovered and unwrapped box set for the billionaires pleasure wired coming soon : wrapped bailey southerlands big chefs knife paused mid - stroke as she looked from the lemons on her cutting board to the man pounding on the glass door of her restaurant .
i secured us a table and was quickly brought a glass of water with lemon .
you sound very proud of her and it seems like you ve done well when life has given you lemons , i said , trying to continue the conversation .
mamma poured glasses of lemonade with paper - thin slices of fresh lemons and crushed mint leaves floating amongst the ice .
lord have mercy , mamma shot a do - something look at daddy , who was busy squeezing a lemon wedge into his iced tea .
even our families got along well , except for that one feud my granddaddy wade had with your daddys grandpa over the used truck that was supposedly a lemon .
the stickers said things like , dark chocolate with lemon zest splinters , cornflake chili bombs , and mocha espresso cream .
and the dark raspberry ones , and the ones with the lemon shavings .
everything else i love , but the timing sucks lemons .
she picked at the arugula and lemon salad that came with it , scared of the unknown that awaited her .
ezra shrugged and silently helped her finish lining up the lemon - pastries , chocolate croissants , bran and corn muffins , as well as everything else the customers today had rejected .
there were napoleons , clairs , a lemon tart , a chocolate chiboust tart , and colorful macaroons that were green , red , brown and yellow .
she smelled of fresh lemon .
it consisted of a packet of crisps , a sandwich in a triangular wrapper and a glass of lemon and lime from the bar .
on it , there were ranks of drinking glasses arranged upside down and several jugs of water with ice with slices of lemon .
he had no opposition to the chase , but he knew weeding the lemons from that one good apple took an enormous amount of fortitude .
with eggs and lemon and sugar it was as light as a feather , and she served it with a whipped cream laced with irish whiskey .
she refused a sherry or glass of wine , asking instead for a glass of plain tonic water with ice and lemon .
she lowered her eyes and studied the lemon slice floating in her tea .
` ` one time i ordered tea in a d.c . restaurant and they brought me an ice cold glass of dishwater with a slice of lemon in it .
sugar , milk , lemon .
the rich scents of fresh tomatoes , lemon and garlic wafted in the air .
the delicious smell of coffee and smoke and lemon teased her nostrils .
the thought surprised him , even as he cursed again as lemons toppled over and one bopped him on the head .
but he was there ... and the bed was littered with a bizarre assortment of items : lemons , over - the - counter pill bottles , jars of cooking spices , some kind of skinny blue wristbands , a box of fruit popsicles , a box of saltines , bags of potato chips , bottles of ginger ale .
` ` try the lemon , '' he said , laughing as he pulled away .
` ` you 're supposed to drink lemon in it . ''
julia squeezed a few drops of lemon juice into the glass of water and drank it , grimacing at the tart taste .
` ` i 'll shower you with lemons if that 's what it takes , '' damien said .
` ` maybe i 'll need a lemon shower to get me through class , '' julia said , ` ` but i hope not . ''
the freshly polished pews gleamed in the moonlight and the scent of lemon oil wafted toward her .
my face was all puckered up like i 'd just sucked down two dozen lemons without a breath in between .
` ` this lemon icing is wonderful , '' she said , ` ` so sour .
who would have thought to put lemon icing on pumpkin cake ?
they 'd spent an hour in the sun while elle filed and polished bree 's nails , and they waited for artfully applied lemon juice to scorch highlights into bree 's hair.next , elle conditioned her hair .
i nodded my head at kim , the hostess for the evening and went to grab some waters and a bowl of lemons before heading to their table .
i needed to get another bottle of tartar sauce , a glass of water , and some lemons .
i work my way through the whole pile of strawberries , popping them in a sealable container as i go , then start on the lemons .
i thought about ordering salad , so i could be cool too , but when the waitress came and i actually opened up my mouth , i said ` ` lemon pie . ''
` ` no , just some water with lemon , thanks . ''
he shrugged and got me a glass of ice water with a wedge of lemon .
he was leaning against the frame , his cocky expression in place , arms crossed , looking as if he was swallowing sour lemons while attempting an apology .
there 's absolutely no need for you to try to seduce me , '' she said crisply as she poured tea into a cup and added a little lemon and sugar .
he smelled faintly of citrus , like a glass of water with a wedge of lemon , and a hint of baby powder .
and you can have chamomile tea and stale lemon snaps with mrs . oldinger , which is a task .
she 'd cleaned up the mess from the police search the night before , put lemon oil on the wood , scrubbed out the sinks and the tubs , and watched cable tv until dawn .
` ` my mama would n't let me serve iced tea without fresh mint and lemon slices . ''
i went inside and poured one for each of us , then added slices of lemon .
several other lemons had shriveled up and i tossed them without telling mom .
she looked like she 'd been sucking lemons half her life .
she went over to the library table and carefully followed the other woman 's instructions about sugar and lemon .
` ` the last wedding i attended served carrot cake and lemon cake and the most delicious chocolate one with a mousse filling , '' susan continued .
she nervously squeezed lemon into the tea as she rehearsed her remarks .
please bring lemon wedges . ''
` ` lemon juice makes a wonderful substitute for fatty dressing .
james brought her a cup of tea , sweetened with honey and with a fresh slice of lemon on the side .
without asking , she opened the refrigerator and brought out a big pitcher of lemonade , lemon slices floating on top .
jon had poached halibut in wine and lemon , and topped it with a fresh tomato - and - basil salsa .
` ` here you go , '' she said , bringing maryellen a tall glass of lemonade , with ice and a wedge of lemon and even a fresh sprig of mint .
there were horns of plenty spilling treats and candies , and saint nicholas 's bags , each containing a lump of coal , a bit of sugar , or a lemon drop , to tell the receiver whether their behavior that year had been mischievous , sweet , or sour .
someone else was giggling softly , hopelessly , a sound sadder than weeping ; another voice repeated a children 's rhyme over and over and over again : ` ` oranges and lemons say the bells of st . clement 's when will ye pay me ?
the tisane had a bitter but appealing taste , like the zest of a lemon .
she looked at him , the taste of lemon in her mouth .
` ` seth looks like he swallowed a lemon . ''
the lemon and charcoal sky fills my vision .
bettina looked as if she just swallowed a lemon .
at rachel 's nod she said , ` ` make me a lemon drop . ''
it took a moment for the shocked daze to clear and for avery to realize he was holding out a platter where oysters on the half shell nestled between fat wedges of lemon and translucent ice cubes .
clara was at least twice shane 's age and always looked as if she had just sucked on a lemon .
` ` with lemons .
i played along , but situations like this were like eating a mouthful of lemons .
i hope one of them is making lemon pound cake . ''
she rolled along its length and came to a stop at the end , knocking over a towering lemon meringue pie , then leaped to her feet on the bar .
roland passed around a plate of sliced lemons after dropping one into his tea .
then i reached for the lemon drop .
i liked lemon .
` ` she wants a lemon drop .
all i could see was that curly blond hair of yours and i was intrigued , '' dalton said handing me a lemon drop .
cook squeezed a lemon into his tea and stirred , his every movement and gesture signaling his utter comfort in his own skin .
` ` when life gives you lemons , make lemonade ? ''
` ` life has handed you some lemons lately , nick .
you look like you swallowed a lemon .
` ` she brought lemon bars to marah 's play , remember ? ''
when life gives you lemons , dorothy jean , you make lemonade .
i followed him into the clean , shadow - filled house , which smelled of lemons and something else , cigars , maybe , and roasting meat .
` ` you look like you swallowed a lemon . ''
it smells like lemon and berries under here .
david tapped a finger at the glass water pitcher in front of him , making the slices of lemon dance to his drumming .
but when she saw the lemon zest atop the plate of steamed broccoli , her smile narrowed .
but by the time she was finished , everything was in perfect order , lightly scented with lemon , and scrupulously clean .
a few minutes later , he brought her an espresso served with a small twist of lemon rind .
it was difficult to imagine him zesting his own lemons , but nevertheless , there it was - perfect and fresh lemon rind .
it was difficult to imagine him zesting his own lemons , but nevertheless , there it was - perfect and fresh lemon rind .
she swung her legs to the floor and saw a small note on the bedside table , propped up against a wine goblet , which was filled with water floating with lemon slices .
finally alone , she sent a short text to gabriel : g , just making grace 's chicken kiev and a lemon meringue pie for dad .
` ` i do n't know what lou lemons are , but provided they make you comfortable , i ' m sure i would n't object . ''
` ` you can roll the lemon . ''
` ` roll the lemon between your hands , '' she explained .
he pressed the lemon between his hands , then crushed it with all his might .
i ' m squeezing fresh lemon juice over the greens and then tossing them with a little extra - virgin olive oil . ''
the table was already set , and when he 'd finished pulverizing the lemon , he opened the wine .
i bit into the salmon , done to perfection , buttery and delicately seasoned with dill and lemon .
` ` lemon is her favorite . ''
his mother had spent all day in the kitchen with the girls , making baklava and moussaka ; they 'd frosted a lemon cake and decorated it with fresh orchids .
naturally , the breath he just inhaled was thick with her scent , the smell of sugared lemons and the purest green grass .
he leaned closer to her , just close enough to be able to smell the lemons on her skin .
they smelled like lemons .
curse lemons and any fruit trying to cause him to sin in the worst of ways .
ms . greenlee looked like she 'd been sucking on a lemon , even more so than usual .
she also looked as sour as a lemon , however , and was glaring daggers in his direction.ignoring her , daniel smiled pleasantly at henry .
they ate violet 's fried chicken and then took coffee and lemon meringue pie into the living room .
unlike the other women , she did n't reach for sweetener or lemon .
` ` out of our lemons , '' he explained .
we 're the lemons . ''
as a lemon . ''
so named because she is a lemon , '' alaska said .
it was nearly evening ; his room was growing dark , and he could smell the luscious scents of tea preparing downstairs : fried sardines , fresh buttered crumpets , lemon sponge , cucumber sandwiches , sliced ham .
and then the fresh lemon zing of poisson in paris .
the clean scent of soap and lemon rose from his skin .
she caught his scent of musk and spice and lemon on the wind .
they prepared , set the table , laughed , and drank wine dur - ing various tasks while thick pots of gravy bubbled up and the smell of garlic and lemons tinged the air .
he 'd never had a frozen vegetable with her and was beginning to get used to the bottles of herbs on the windowsill , the baskets of tomatoes and prunes , grapes and lemons that littered the countertops .
instead , she smelled clean and fresh , like cocoa butter and a hint of lemon .
maggie glared and took the glass of seltzer with lemon from max .
the scent of olive and lemon wafted in the warm breeze , and she breathed deep , trying desperately to calm her racing heart .
she squeezed lemon into her tea , then gave it a swirl with her spoon .
vanilla and lemons , an intriguing combination .
amelia 's lips pursed as if she 'd sucked a lemon .
the sky had cleared to faded - denim blue , and jagged peaks dressed all in white reminded him of the whipped meringue on a lemon pie .
she 'd asked for perrier with a twist of lime , and she 'd been forced to settle for sprite with a lemon drop .
she threw the twist of lemon in each martini glass with enough force to slop the vodka and curacao mixture over the edge .
amanda added a wedge of lemon to the water before bringing it to him .
she tasted like honey laced with lemon and he feasted on her slick heat .
` ` you should carry lemon drops .
i usually do , but i switched purses to something fancier when i got ready to leave tonight , and i forgot the lemon drops . ''
` ` i ca n't help it , lemon lips .
then i headed back to get their sparkling water and spring water with lemon .
molly stood there , holding a plate of lemon bars .
she reached for a lemon bar , which she had no intention of eating , but it was the polite thing to do .
` ` we ' ve got boring , old apple pie with cranberries and lemon glaze on top .
` ` when life gives you lemons , make lemonade . ''
a minute later , she 'd found two tall glasses , added ice and sliced a fresh lemon .
real danger had its own taste , vivid as lemon juice , by contrast with the weak lemonade of imagination .
his face deeply lined by the rigors of a fisherman 's life , he looked about sixty , but was likely much younger - and his mouth was habitually downturned , in the expression of one who has sucked not merely a lemon , but a rotten lemon .
his face deeply lined by the rigors of a fisherman 's life , he looked about sixty , but was likely much younger - and his mouth was habitually downturned , in the expression of one who has sucked not merely a lemon , but a rotten lemon .
rooting up the catmint and lemon balm that threatened to engulf the far corner of the garden ?
distracted , i took a mouthful of lemon shrub , and was then obliged to swallow the nasty stuff .
he patted her , tried to infuse some conviction into the words , but his own throat had a lump in it the size of a lemon .
she was attired in jeans and a frilly apron , and the scent of lemon polish and fresh baking wafted from its folds like incense .
` ` so are most other kinds of plants - oranges and lemons are best , but of course you ca n't get those here - but onions , cabbage , apples ... eat something like that every day , and you wo n't get scurvy .
instead , he leaned forward and dug under the seat for the thermos of hot tea with lemon .
he looked upward , to where the sun was now seeping through the pine needles in lemon threads .
i have heard of women in the indies using half a lemon , but that 's obviously not a suitable alternative here . ''
mary poaches it in a lemon sauce that 's out of this world . ''
we need to get it planted soon , '' aundy said , lifting the lid on a jar of lemon drops and motioning for nik to take one .
` ` please add two lemon drops to the bill , mr .
the fragrance of lemon verbena and the scent of cinnamon would forever make her think of her mother .
` ` lemon juice , '' she said .
there 's a lemon wedge on the side , which i usually love squeezing onto the papaya too .
the scent of rosemary and lemons makes my mouth water , but it does nothing for my pounding heart .
now i watch as he pours some tequila shots behind the bar , and a striking blond at his side squeezes lemon juice on her cl**vage and adds a dab of salt , then she squeezes a shot glass right between her tightly squeezed tits .
he carries a salt shaker and lemons in one of his palms .
the windows had been cleaned with a mixture of vinegar and lemon juice , and they literally sparkled in the morning sun .
his mouth twisted like he 'd just bit into a lemon .
` ` you should try the lemon scones , '' elspeth urged .
we bypass stall after stall , the scent of lemon oil clots up the air from the wash i gave the walnut doors a month ago .
nana squeezed the lemons herself . ''
the meat was ready , and i added the rest of the ingredients : marsala wine , lemon juice , mushrooms , beef broth , minced shallot , diced green onions .
my achilles tendon had swollen to the size of a lemon .
he put a few cubes in a crystal glass , poured pellegrino and added a slice of lemon .
he breathed in her familiar scent - ivory soap and lemons .
a cookbook was in its rack on the kitchen counter , its pages open to a recipe for lemon squares .
ruby looked like she 'd just bitten down on a lemon .
the corn on the cob had been shucked and wrapped in tinfoil ; the store - bought macaroni salad was in a pottery bowl and ready to be served ; and the salmon was seasoned and layered in slices of walla walla sweet onions and lemons .
alexandra made a sour face , as if she 'd just bitten into a lemon .
donovan 's face screwed up like he 'd just sucked a lemon .
the delicious scent of lemon and soap teased her nostrils .
it had the scent of freshly peeled lemon .
the taste of lingering ocean spray mingled with the lemon from his water earlier .
` ` leave them on , '' he growled low , ` ` i ' m suddenly a big fan of lemon . ''
her lips parted without hesitation , the lingering taste of lemon sorbet on her tongue .
the study smelled of lemon polish and eucalyptus .
eddies in the breeze seemed to bring the smell of cinnamon to cassie , then a whiff of pine , then the sharpness of lemon .
i do n't bother with the lemon or beer , inside i chase it down with my margarita , downing it in one .
he was here a minute ago but vanished , leaving me here looking like a lemon .
he squeezed a lemon over the oyster and picked it up once more .
soft , with a lovely acidic flavor from the lemon .
inside was an extravagantly rich chocolate cake made by the pacific dessert company and a to - die - for lemon tart .
for dessert she picked up a lemon torte at the local bakery .
bethy picked up my lemon drop and handed it to me .
i grated lemon rind into a small bowl and added a drizzle of olive oil , adding this flavoring to the salted and peppered pink flesh of the fish .
from there , she 'd packed lemons , then clerked for the mercantile , served as a waitress at the calco oil cafe , and a score of other things he 'd lost track of -- not that he was keeping track of isabel .
the lemon sauce and syrup she made could be sold .
with as slow as the lemons were growing , so far all she 'd canned was a case .
now all she needed was for the lemons to multiply and ripen faster .
she 'd also packed a canteen of water , a biscuit and jam , and hard lemon candy to keep her throat from parching .
but the lemons had looked so much better with the pretty yellow sheen to them .
just a case of my lemon syrup .
then i 'll have a lot of lemons and i ' m going to sell lemon syrup . ''
then i 'll have a lot of lemons and i ' m going to sell lemon syrup . ''
he was watering the last lemon tree with her metal bucket .
he was picturing isabel in a yellow dress and smelling like lemon blossoms .
she called me miss lemon blossom .
of course , i 'll be canning my lemon syrup and sauce .
` ` rocks wo n't water my lemon trees , '' she all but snapped .
` ` and i ' ve got my lemon sauce and syrup to sell .
john called for his wife , who walked through the grove with a basket picking lemons .
it seemed as if the trees had been producing bushels of lemons overnight .
the thought of her leaving with a guy made my jaw tense , as if i 'd poured lemon juice in my mouth .
her hair smelled like sunshine and lemons .
hugh had never before felt any attraction to the scent of lemons and sunshine , but coming from her head , the combination seemed delicious .
she smelled of lemons and sunlight and had agreed to be his wife .
then she puckered her lips as if having sucked on a lemon .
regis looked as if he 'd bit into a lemon .
dulcie put down her cloth and bottle of lemon oil .
since you are a lemon in the conversation game , i 'll start .
` ` are these lemon drops ?
for the rest of the day , she cleaned up her kitchen , baked some fresh lemon poppy seed bread in case she had visitors , and then went back to work scraping wallpaper min one of the back bathrooms .
his date looks like she just ate a lemon .
she leans back with her lemon face again and steve reaches for her hand with a loving look on his face .
` ` lemon verbs or something ? ''
parting her lips , she let their tongues touch , tasting lemon and dry vermouth and the sweetness of a man who 'd finally come to terms with his demons .
the scent of lemon permeated the air .
she 'd made a pot with lemon and honey to soothe malcolm 's throat after three straight nights of concerts .
` ` i made us something to eat - as well as tea with lemon and honey to soothe your throat . ''
a hint of lemon and honey clung to her tongue .
celia bypassed it all , picking up a scone and a small pot of lemon curd as she took her seat .
she poured it into two crystal glasses with ice from theminibar , topped it off with a twist of lemon before flipping the lid closed on the basket again ... to find him in the doorway with his cell phone in hand .
my chef baked a delicious lemon cake for us . ''
` ` lemon cake sounds delicious . ''
he ordered a vodka and lemon .
zack 's words hummed in annie 's brain as she licked the salt off the fleshy part between her finger and thumb , swallowed the shot of tequila and sucked on the lemon wedge he held out for her .