victoria was busy setting out the other items she 'd made for their dinner and glanced up to see him holding a lemon cookie curiously .
they were her favorite kind of cookie but she knew some people did n't really like lemon or the sweetness of these kinds of cookies .
they were lemon cookies with a very sweet lemon frosting on them .
they were lemon cookies with a very sweet lemon frosting on them .
sarila sat down in the chair next to him and smiled gratefully to the servant who placed a plate of grilled lemon chicken , steamed broccoli and some sort of cheesy potato in front of her .
there was also asparagus with a tangy lemon sauce and a lovely garnish that looked too lovely to even move from the side of the plate .
they sat down and it was chaos for a long time while everyone dug into the delicious food , piling their plates high with creamy potatoes , ham , asparagus with a tangy lemon sauce , crisp green beans , salad , biscuits and a rice dish loaded with cheese , sesame seeds and raisins .
we grabbed our pie , coconut for her and lemon meringue for me , and then we took our seats next to a couple at a round table near the center of the room .
then he got the meal from the oven - salmon in a light lemon sauce with wild rice and a vegetable medley .
sophia finished the delicious lemon cake and coffee in record time .
her stomach roiled and for a second she thought she might lose the lemon cake she 'd just enjoyed .
she was holding a dry martini for him and a lemon drop martini for herself , a concoction he 'd introduced her to and she 'd loved immediately .
helen took another bite of the tender chicken in a lemon , butter sauce .
the huge martinis she would down throughout the night , all water with a twist of lemon .
christian tucked into a slice of lemon pound cake with poppy seed icing , groaning his appreciation .
` ` get to the point , '' sebastian said , eying the lemon tarts .
favorite dessert , lemon pound cake .
he smelled delicious with a hint of lemon aftershave and something masculine .
it 's unique mixture of lemon aftershave and his skin .
i 'll go get us our drinks , lemon drop or a shot ? '
enthusiastically freeing her hand holding the lemon drop and decidedly took the tequila shot she was handing out to me .
the interior smelled new , like lemon oil and furniture polish .
when they walked in , the room smelled like lemon oil and luxury cotton .
once they had settled into the booth and ordered a round of lemon drop martinis , keri left and all eyes turned to the table off in the corner filled with men .
especially the lobster , done simply in a lemon butter sauce .
they were then presented with another plate of wicked temptations : a strawberry dipped in white chocolate and decorated with a gold leaf , a meringue lemon tart , a passionfruit ball with an oozing liquid centre ... more , more , more , and she had to pretend to enjoy it all while her stomach was in knots over ari 's presence behind her .
finally , among the crumbs of our feast , blake dips a lemon cookie into the dessert wine and brings it , still dripping golden drops , to my lips .
sandy peeled the paper off her lemon cupcake and took a bite .
the lemon flavored tea which was her favorite rolled down her throat .
marcus likes his tea with lemon and sugar ; i like mine with cream and sugar , but i did n't know how she would like hers .
she sat with felicity for the rest of the band 's set , sipping at the chilled lemon water she drank when she was on duty .
i took a tentative sip as marc explained it was a french 75 , the house specialty cocktail , made from gin , sugar , lemon juice and champagne .
ginger took the lemon pie back , switched it with a slice of cherry , gave it to mr . sherman , and was wiping down the counter with more force than necessary when the bells on the front door chimed .
she sat down on the edge of my bed and held out a cup of lemon ginger tea .
` ` i need you to run over to the corner and buy all the lemon juice they ' ve got on the shelf , '' he yelled , referring to the local convenience store that stayed open all night .
there were only four bottles of lemon juice left on the shelf of the convenience store .
she perused the offerings , considering gin , vodka and rum , then decided to start with a tequila as the base , adding in some fruity mixers , a little lemon soda and then something special - a secret ingredient .
the smell of chemicals clings to the kitchen , a strange mixture of bleach and noxious lemon .
once he 'd positioned her , she rested her cheek against the cool wood , breathing in the scent of lemon furniture polish .
he slipped three small squares - a lemon bar , a date - filled pastry , and a marshmallow cookie on each of the two plates , pushing one toward her .
the scent of lemon sage soap and steam and kade swirled around her until she was dizzy with want .
as she rinsed her hair , he lathered up a washcloth with lemon sage scented soap and began to wash her .
the scents of cinnamon and lemon lingered in the air .
sierra pulled out a package of roast beef , sliced smoked cheddar , yellow mustard and lemon basil mayo .
sierra pressed her finger into the poppy seeds on her plate , left over from her lemon poppy seed muffin .
gavin was back in his seat by the time rory and sierra returned with the strawberry lemon shortcake .
` ` two lemon drop martinis , each with a lemon vodka chaser . ''
nikolai added a bit of pepper to the lemon chicken his wife had made with a tight jaw .
cassandra licked her lips as she remembered putting lemon juice on her fish .
you kissed him he tasted like lemon and scotch you put his hand in your underwear and then you talked for hours .
she pressed her face to the material before she put the sweater on , hoping to catch a whiff of brooklyn , or the smell of laundry detergent - something to remind her of home - but it had been washed and smelled like lemon soap .
rachel asked , her cool lemon eyes passing over me , giving me chills .
my first feeling of goodwill died , but i calmly took a bite of my scone , enjoying the tart lemon icing .
it had that lemon flavor that i knew was hiding the distinct tang of brimstone .
she smelled like lemon and sea grass , and her cheek was cool when i kissed it .
heightened as her senses were , she caught the barest hint of sweat , lemon and mint .
his breathing was deep , even , his lemon and mint scent wafting to her .
then those sensual fingers tangled in her hair , working in shampoo , the scent of lemon dancing from them .
he 'd slept next to her - his lemon and mint scent in her nose , his heat wafting to her , his raspy breaths ringing in her ears , her body attuned to his every movement , skin itching for a touch , a single touch , heart racing - but he had n't made a move .
his lemon scent wafted to her nose , a drug she 'd become addicted to .
whatever it is , it 's sweet as syrup and lemon - flavored and makes me cringe a little .
the lobby of the hotel smells like candied lemon and bleach , an acrid combination that burns my nostrils when i breathe it in .
` ` well ... '' rubi turned to the refrigerator and pulled out a tray of lemon squares rachel had made earlier .
he took a plate rachel passed him with a lemon bar beside a miniature chocolate cake .
on a heavy exhale , she grabbed a lemon bar and turned toward the house with a muttered , ` ` i need a drink . ''
` ` who could n't love both lemon and chocolate , right ? ''
or the fact that he brought a bag containing all of the ingredients needed to make lemon drops , my favorite cocktail .
the windows all around the house were open , same as every weekend , and the soft lemon scent of vicki 's bathroom cleaner mixed with the moist weight of freshly cut grass , drying the back of my throat as i drew a deep breath .
zane just watched , stirring lemon into his tea , shaking his head .
the light scent of mint and lemon lingers in the air as if he just hand - buffed the interior .
leo laughs and takes another bite of his lemon cupcake .
tess laughs with me as she frosts the lemon cupcakes with lemon frosting .
` ` i just wish you 'd go out and have fun , '' she replies and arranges the lemon cupcakes on a long plastic tray , ready for the glass case .
they could n't , i was too far away , not to mention , within five minutes of sitting and after buddy and eddie delivered the lemon drops , the show started .
without lemon drops to blame ( i had diet with my spicy beef burrito ) , i could only blame the power tools .
she was moving closer ; he began to smell the lemon soap she had so expertly applied to her body .
then i open the door , the smell of bleach and lemon cleaner from a recently mopped floor , rises up into my nose .
she refused to let anyone who danced for her starve themselves when she needed them at their very best and she had wooed more than one figure - conscious performer with her signature blueberry and lemon pancakes .
as soon as she wet the cloth , the familiar lemon smell rose to greet her like a good host and she took a deep breath .
in that hotel bed with the sheets that smelled like lemon .
he wanted something clean and fresh for her , a hotel room with sheets that smelled like lemon , and room service that would bring her a hamburger , or a piece of chicken ... or frickin ' nachos with melted cheese if that 's what she was into .
he liked the feel of the heavy pile , the scent of lemon furniture polish that hung in the air .
` ` i 'll have a couple of lemon bars , three cookies and a popcorn ball . ''
the next morning , allie perched on the edge of an old - fashioned wingback chair , breathing in the scent of lemon furniture polish while facing elaine , roger and joe vincelli in the elder vincellis ' living room .
finally , she 'd bought the ingredients to make a rice and lemon chicken dinner for monday , her own special recipe of beef stroganoff for tuesday , shrimp shishkabobs on wednesday , and green chili enchiladas on thursday .
if i place my nose is the right spot , i get a whiff of lemon from his shaving cream .
and the lemon scent makes me think of how great the morning started with ian heavy between my legs before i came out here to this quiet family neighborhood and got the crap beaten out of me .
dipping my face into her warm neck , i take a deep breath of her special scent - a blend of lemon body wash and her own personal aroma .
leaning down , i inhale the lemon scent of tiny and all the shit of the day drifts away .
` ` pasta and shrimp cooked in lemon and white wine sauce .
although the chefs had still managed to add their own froufrou twist to the waffles by decorating the tops of them with mounds of whipped cream swirled into the shape of fancy flowers and curlicued leaves , all dusted with bits of orange , lemon , and lime zest .
his natural scent swarmed over her and wrapped her in spice , soap , and lemon .
the refined taste , tinted with a drop of lemon and a hint of mint , was uniquely refreshing .
lemon - scented perfume drifted through the cold air - the people were keeping their customers awake , because the sleeping could n't gamble .
she ushered him into a hallway that smelled of lemon cleaning solution , and graham stooped to pet bagel , who was sniffing his shoes with a businesslike air .
kira 's prediction turned out to be true , and her new companion settled for a lemon slush instead .
lemon grab lemon grab ( le mn grab ) n. 1 . a trick in which the rider grabs both ends of the snowboard 2 . what hayden feels like she 's doing every time she talks to nick ` ` ay - batta - batta - batta - batta - batta ! ''
she craved the sugar , but yuck ! -artificial lemon flavor .
even lemon scent made her vomit .
she had a terrible time on washday until we found out the fabric sheets were lemon scented .
if iron is bad for fairies , lemon juice is even worse .
i squirted her with the lemon juice in my water pistol .
` ` and if it 'll make you feel better , i 'll keep a squirt gun loaded with lemon juice on my bedside table . ''
oh , if only i had my squirt gun , loaded with lemon juice , in my purse !
while i was outside , i made sure i had my little plastic squirt gun , full of lemon juice , tucked in my pocket .
i breathed deeply , waiting for the lemon and the pine and the wood soap .
of course all your better herbs were represented : you had your parsley , your sage , your rosemary , and several varieties of thyme , the lemon scented being my favorite .
i clink my glass against his beer bottle and go to take a sip , but the smell of the lemon drop makes me cringe before it 's even hit my lips .
tate smelled like lemon and sunshine and sugar , a weirdly ethereal combination for a city administrator , but delicious all the same .
the smell of lemon and comfort .
the room , part of the renovation , smelled like a furniture showroom - cut wood , plastic , and lemon polish .
two vampires traveled around the table with carafes of lemon water and bottles of a deep red wine , pouring as the vampires requested .
there was also a faint scent of lemon and sugar in [ andt was the air , which always seemed to be the case around tate .
as i stepped onto the street , i caught scents of water and city and sulfur , but there was something else : the smel s of lemon and sugar , the same scents i 'd caught around tate .
i told them about the old magic claudia had mentioned and the scents of lemon and sugar that catcher had n't been convinced were meaningful .
as i stood there , i 'd have sworn i caught the scents of lemon and sugar in the air again .
i closed my eyes ... and smeled the faint aromas of lemon and sugar .
` ` he has a scent - lemon and sugar . ''
the smel of lemon and sugar filed the room - the sugar - cookie smel of a milennia - old angel in twenty - first - century chicago .
seth had left chicago , and his scent had been different - lemon and sugar , like freshly baked cookies .
still , i caught the smells of lemon and sugar .
i followed him through the house 's dining room and into the quaint kitchen , the smells of butter and lemon wafting through the air .
it did n't help his nausea problem that greaves smelled of lemon furniture polish .
it was lemon furniture polish - or at least that was the closest she could come to approximating his scent .
david dipped out a dripping glob of lemon ice cream .
david watched sophie savor the lemon ice cream , her tongue peeking out to steal the creamy dab left in the corner of her mouth .
the taste of lemon pie from dessert mingled with something he was coming to recognize as distinctly paige , mind - blowing paige , who resurrected every bad - boy inclination he 'd worked to stifle for the past week .
chapter 7 kathleen scooched back on her bar stool and sipped her lemon water , a much wiser way of removing randall fitzgerald 's hand from her hair than breaking the guy 's fingers .
minty shampoo tempted him outside , the sweet flavor of lemon and kathleen inside .
` ` that 's disgusting , '' i said , sipping my lemon zinger .
he set his jaw hard for a moment , then , ` ` actually , a little lemon juice on onion skin works better , '' he said .
why do n't we go home and have some of those lovely lemon curd tarts that cook made this morning ? ''
i can send for some of those lemon sweets you like so much , damn the cost . ''
he could smell the soap she 'd used to wash her hair - a light lemon scent .
perhaps it was the lemon scent of her hair that seemed to linger like a ghostly presence in his rooms .
surprisingly sweet , with a hint of lemon and quite possibly strawberries .
i do n't know why i ' m using you guys as taste - testers when you ca n't even taste a whole buttload of lemon juice in a slice of banana bread . ''
` ` this is one of my dad 's special lemon martinis - much nicer than champagne . ''
ms . mary walked over and handed me a bowl of lemon juice and water .
marcus walked into the kitchen and saw my hands in the lemon juice mixture , and then sat down beside me and slipped his in it too .
i sat there with my hands in the lemon juice and thought of what flirting heavy may entail , and how i might get out of tonight 's event .
i took them out of the lemon mixture and dried them off on the same hand towel marcus used .
i sniffed them to ensure their fresh scent and smiled at their lemon aroma .
oh , let 's see , i ' m going to take the chicken wrap and a lemon drop martini . ''
raven scrubbed her hair and body with a finely milled florentine soap that smelled of lemon .
a quick squeeze of lemon juice over the buttery skin , and i could stick it in the oven and go get myself and brianna dressed .
we just finished a light afternoon snack of fresh fruits and rich cheeses , accompanied by some sort of lemon and coconut drink that has my head spinning lightly .
i turn my face to the side and down the fiery liquid then bite into the lemon wedge sloane 's holding between her teeth .
all i can think about is putting my tongue into other orifices and savoring the mingling of tangy tequila , salty lemon , and the sweet , creamy flavor of her body .
with her lips and tongue , she licks salt from my neck , tosses back her shot and sucks on the lemon wedge .
as we crack and eat them , stuffing tiny pieces of meat into our mouths and licking lemon butter from our fingers , it i realize how erotic it is to watch trick eat , especially something so messy .
jenna whoops and we all toast , lick our hand , down our shot then suck on a lemon slice .
taryn and i had graduated from thinly veiled remarks to her shoulder - bumping me as she passed , to me purposely backing into her while she was pouring a round of lemon drop shooters .
the scent of lemon furniture polish hit me , and my nose started to sting .
after lunch i packed up a lemon cake in greaseproof paper , sat it on the passenger seat of my car and headed out to his place .
' i hope it 's lemon . '
the lemon lime flavor of the soda was like heaven for my taste buds and i gulped half of it before having to stop and belch .
but when i was able to keep down an entire bottle of fizzy lemon lime soda they did n't push the issue .
if you walked into shane and harper 's house right now all you would smell was lemon .
i licked my lips , tasting the sweet lemon flavor of the icing that still lingered at the corner of my mouth after harper had shoved the first bite into my face .
i smelled the lemon and herb scent of her shampoo .
i look at the wine glasses , at the deep mahogany fluid in some , and the glistening , pale lemon colour of the others .
when they did there was a puff of lemon scented air that shot down on them .
as it turned out , dave did nt know the first thing about how to construct a lyric or a one of the other bits of a song ; much to his surprise , lemons and limes taste the same to me was never picked up by any record producers .
how about a lemon liqueur ? ''
leo sipped his lemon liqueur and produced a small bag of candied fruits from his shirt pocket .
` ` it is sponge cake soaked in a red italian liquor between layers of a lemon flavored egg custard , drizzled with melted chocolate and topped with whipped cream , '' iramy explained .
the meal had been washed down with glasses of twisty water , zesty lemon flavor .
the dwarves all protested that he was taking too much , but as the dish was passed around there was plenty of food for all of them the hot meal was washed down with the usual supply of twisty water ( zesty lemon and lime flavor . )
the snow had a distinct lemon sherbet taste .
she could taste it more clearly now : underneath his excitement rex was bubbling with the darkling flavor he sometimes had now - the sour lemon of a young hunter 's mind jazzed by the smell of prey .
she nursed a lemon mist herb tea and awaited the return of her tracer .
susan sipped her lemon mist and ignored him .
she went with the solid - oak furnishings , the actual oil paintings , and the handcrafted furniture in the reception area , and the faint scent of lemon wood polish in the air - variations on a theme of beautiful practicality .
i would n't have done anything to stop her if i 'd had a thousand paper cuts and she 'd soaked her hands in lemon juice .
fat charlie looked up at the mountainside more warily : the idea that he might , in one of the cave mouths , find his father creaking back and forward in a rocking chair , green fedora hat pushed back on his head , sipping from a can of brown ale and stifling a yawn with his lemon yellow gloves , was troubling indeed .
his desk was made of actual wood , looked at least a hundred years old , and smelled of lemon oil .
` ` and he likes lemon cakes , '' leia said .
probably just hot water with a bit of lemon flavoring .
spray it with lemon juice and hold it up to a light ?
david frond 's idea of a menu included lark 's tongues and frog 's legs , fish eggs and lemon pie , squid soup and oliphaunt kidneys .
our hostess hurried us through a silent , shadowy corridor that smelled of lemon wood polish .
he smelled pleasant , like german cedar , lemon , and mediterranean sandalwood , with an underlying scent of - mechanical grease ?
the sandalwood and lemon scents were likely from his shaving lotion .
lady and i will eat all the lemon cakes and just have the best time without you . ''
sansa did not like being interrupted , but she had to admit , lemon cakes sounded more interesting than most of what had gone on in the throne room .
for the sweet , lord caswell 's servants brought down trays of pastries from his castle kitchens , cream swans and spun - sugar unicorns , lemon cakes in the shape of roses , spiced honey biscuits and blackberry tarts , apple crisps and wheels of buttery cheese .
they spent long afternoons doing needlework and talking over lemon cakes and honeyed wine , played at tiles of an evening , sang together in the castle sept ... and often one or two of them would be chosen to share margaery 's bed , where they would whisper half the night away .
sansa chose a sharp sweet fragrance with a hint of lemon in it under the smell of flowers .
lady catelyn had said that sansa was a gentle soul who loved lemon cakes , silken gowns , and songs of chivalry , yet the girl had seen her father 's head lopped off and been forced to marry one of his killers afterward .
chase floats on his feet , not his wings to the twin porcelain sinks , surveying the remnants of invisible germs and bacteria then drops the bucket between them , retrieving at purple handed long stemmed brush and spraying chemically created deodorized lemon scented white foam inside his personal used and abused sink .
my pink delicate skin swelters from the heated water of the hot tub onto my legs , hips , tummy , chest , and face while i smell the spicy sandalwood and lemon fragrance from an old chest dresser in dads bedroom from edgars sweating and hot body then he grunts like a wounded animal as i park my bee_hind onto the hard concrete .
i swiftly collapse into his arms in peace and lightly bath in our sweat which is a sizzling steam of boiling water with a sweet smell of his sandalwood and lemon coupled with a new odor of lavender and lilies .
i smell the familiar sandalwood and lemon then i duplicate his feat with my sixteen feet of white pure feathers .
the other requested an o - positive blood shake refill with a shot of lemon flavor this time instead of chai .
oh , mrs . fitzroy , now they want roasted pork with beans in lemon juice , tomato soup , cornish pastries , crusted lamb with roasted vegetables , carrot cake with icing , salmon with pineapple and green peas , and the best beer and ale we can offer !
faintly , beneath the squeaky clean scents of pine sol and lemon - scented dawn and bleach .
at the end of the afternoon when we made our way out , my mom pulled out a lemon cheesecake and insisted that it was only for nellie .
sylvia made the most divine early christmas dinner and she showed me how to make her lemon cheesecake .
after they finished and i was thoroughly embarrassed , we ate moms lemon cheesecake and that was my only birthday wish .
i lifted the toilet seat and sprayed the lemon scented product until practically the whole toilet was covered in cream - colored spittle .
mother was making some more carrot cookies , with a lemon glaze .
mila could detect the faintest whiff of ozone over the artificial lemon scent of the cleaner .
` ` it 's just lemon basil scent .
the serum was a harmless mixture of honey , syrup , lemon juice , and serum d , a laboratory synthetic of unknown ingredients .
as i squeezed in the bottle , a burst of fresh lemon scent escaped from the bottle , leaving a gorgeous fragrance behind .
usually , i m pretty particular about what i eat , but when i find a box of lemon cookies hidden in the back of the pantry , i pull it out .
spitting and swallowing to get the rest of the lemon and powdered sugar mush out of my mouth , i pull my phone out of my pocket and answer the call before it goes to voicemail .
our cook had given me a lick of the lemon frosting as a treat .
it might be lemon juice and purple dye .
maybe you do nt know this but if you inject a gerbil with lemon juice and purple dye , it will kill him .
its just lemon juice and purple dye .
that s how alexa realized it was more than just lemon juice and purple dye .
i ve heard all kinds of things to do for green hair wash it in lemon juice , tomato juice , tomato paste , crushed aspirin , baking sodai put conditioner on before i swim and i always wear a cap , unless i m just messing around .
when the choking , grating , whirring sounds had stopped he removed two tall glasses from the cupboard and filled them each with lemon coloured smoothie .
beesely slowly sipped his lemon tea .
tre scampered toward the refrigerator , pulling out strawberries , lime soda and lemon juice .
the jars were full of twizzlers , lemon heads , fireballs , sugar daddies , tootsie rolls , chic - o - sticks and peanut patties .
that word mere had been marinated in lemon juice and washed down with battery acid .
i knew pete well enough to realise it would nt be a packet of lemon sherbet or strawberry bootlaces he was unwrapping .
just when she thought it was all over a small boy arrived with a cool box and they were given a delicious lemon sorbet ice cream to finish off the meal .
inside he found ketchup , vinegar , salt , pepper , chocolate sauce , and lemon juice .
he picked up the small plastic lemon shaped container and walked triumphantly back to boris .
jake squeezed the container , throwing lemon juice into the cut and bleeding mouth of the hostage .
the young couple had been dreaming of the future , digging into the warm and tasty meat shanks , drooling over the combination of gravy , potatoes , celery , orange , lemon , and carrot spiced with savory , cinnamon , peppercorns and sea salt .
my personal choice would be the scottish langoustines with lemon mayonnaise , pegg said , pulling a small spray can from under his apron and giving it a vigorous shake .
it generated cross - tones of lemon and peach light and a haze like peering through tulle .
caleb bowed his head and murmured , kim always brought a pack of crackers and two lemon yogurts to the library when she studied .
the smell of lemon tea lingered in the air and one lonely chocolate biscuit lay on a plate next to a faded wedgewood teapot .
ill see you around bro , the weird kid , who smelled like a mixture of peppermints and lemon drops , says .
he had used the lemon scented wipes provided with the meal to clean his hands , but a shower was what was really needed .
each letter of the poem was at the bottom of each of the pages , written in lemon juice i believe , or something similar .
` ` i do n't think you 'll be able to do much spanking after living on nuts and lemon juice for two weeks , james . ''
but now , hours later , her leg still burned from where max 's thigh had brushed against it , and the lemon scent of his cologne lingered deliciously on her skin .
he had an outstanding and very past - due bar tab there of $ 361 , almost all for coors longnecks and lemon daiquiris , and he really wanted to clear the debt .
mann artfully demonstrated the proper blending of horseradish , lemon juice , tabasco , and cocktail sauce , then dropped the first oyster into the mixture .
the way he eats the candy is to suck off the tart lemon coating and spit out the white pit .
i could smell the lemon candy on his breath .
examination of rugglestone 's wounds had revealed the presence of lemon juice , hydrogen peroxide , and table salt .
close up , she expected mir to smell bad , but she did n't ; she smelled like lemon shampoo and soap .
` ` tastes like lemon pop , '' i lied , shoving the vial away and bringing the next out .
the changing room was on the small side , and smelled faintly of lemon and ginger .
walls of glass surrounded us on two sides and would have allowed us the view of the city and the bay had the rain not come in and turned the world gray i floated in the bubbly heat , the faint scents of lemon and lime teasing my nostrils as i flicked water up with my toes , watching the droplets glitter in the cold afternoon light ` ` you seem pensive , little wolf . ''
at which juncture , and without any warning whatsoever , lord akeldama wafted into the room smelling of lemon and peppermint candy and sporting a playbill of some risque comedy from the west end .
he did the same with one of her backup shampoo bottles , as well as a jar of bath salts that ... yup , smelled just as he remembered , lemon verbena .
as i breathed , i smelled a heady combination of ginger and lemon .
the smell of lemon and ginger surrounded me , making me feel wobbly and dizzy .
i inhaled her scent of ginger and lemon , unsure what to say , knowing only that i wanted to feel her hands on my shoulders forever .
lifting the lid off the plate , he set it aside on the table and she smelled a wonderful blend of rosemary and lemon .
i closed my eyes as her intoxicating scent of lemon and ginger swept over me , so familiar and so real that i swooned .
a delicious half walnut dipped in some kind of sweet lemon syrup , with bits of hot pepper or something like that clinging to it , all gilded with that edible gold stuff .
i leaned in , succumbing to her lemon - ginger scent .
when i was surrounded by her heady scent of lemon and ginger , i was guided purely by instinct .
sang out the vampire himself , wafting in to greet them on a wave of lemon pomade and champagne cologne .
the overwhelming scent is artificial lemon cleaner .
benson 's own scent filled my nostrils , the same alcohol - and - lemon stench that permeated the lab .
after fixing a tall glass of iced tea laced with lemon and sugar , daisy sat at the kitchen table to eat lunch and contemplate her future .
she knew it was her bedroom , because she could smell the vanilla scented candles and the lemon pledge she 'd faithfully polished her furniture with every friday .
when he reappeared , it was with a little surge that slopped water over the sides , sending a renewed wave of rosemary and lemon scent into the air .
when she released victoria , she moved smoothly to scoop up three little ginger biscuits and a lemon scone .
this launched the conversation into a direction quite distant from vampires and stakes and eerie villas ... and the women began a heated discourse about the merits of cannoli versus english lemon biscuits .
it was n't that she did n't like sharing biscuits and gossip with her peers ; it was that she 'd done so much of it in the last week that victoria felt ill at the thought of more lemon curd and clotted cream slathered on various baked goods .
he was coming back through the first - floor jewelry counters eating jelly chuckles ( in ascending order of preference : licorice , lemon , lime , orange , cherry ) when he heard something out in the mall proper .
we relish the briefest of touches - brushing against each other as we take the lemon squares out of the oven , skimming hand over hand when we reach to turn off the oven , pressing arm against arm as we wash out the mixing bowls .
` ` now that was different , '' wes says while making a lemon face , as if he 's really saying , what the hell was that ?
and that you take lemon in your iced tea . ''
i bent down and popped my head back inside , the lemon smell of her car battling with the putrid smell of the garbage can on the sidewalk .
the all too familiar lemon scent washed over me and i was instantly calm .
i could faintly smell lemon furniture polish underneath a stronger layer of white tea fragrant candles .
it was just a piece of candy , a little bit of sugar - coated lemon - flavor decorated with an ` ` s '' sitting there looking sweet and delicious and mocking the hell out of me .
i grabbed the piece of candy off the table and popped it into my mouth , lemon flavor bursting on my tongue , savoring the sugary sweetness , but it was gone far too soon .
the first thing i notice is the smell : a laundry smell , of lemon - scented towels and dryer sheets .
i opened the top box and the lemon chicken inside did n't just look edible - it looked amazing .
a waft of lemon danced up ari 's nose and she noted he was wearing a freshly - washed south park t - shirt over a long - sleeved shirt .
he took another few steps until he was standing inches from her , the lemon detergent his mother used on his clothes tickled her senses , reminding her of those two lonely years .
the whole apartment smelled of windex and lemon pledge , and kat could imagine that he 'd spent so much of life cleaning up other people 's messes that he did n't know when or how to stop .
` ` the two of them deserve each other , '' vee said , spraying sun - in through her hair , misting the air with chemical lemon .
the smell of lemon oil and overstarched tablecloths and prime rib .
on a table near the back were two shiny , expensive - looking cappuccino makers , a long , stainless - steel cooler full of every kind of soda imaginable , and platters upon platters of divine - looking chocolate cakes , lemon meringue pies , and toffee - fudge brownies .
` ` okay , we have chocolate with coffee frosting , vanilla sponge with lemon buttercream , chocolate cake with frangelico liqueur , and carrot . ''
he smelled so good , like lemon and salt .
the freshly mopped floors sparkled and smelled like lemon .
her family 's kitchen smelled of freshly brewed coffee , pastries , and lemon - scented household cleaner .
then she sat beside my bed for half an hour to make sure i finished the hot lemon drink .
clearly displeased , he went back to work , staring deeper into the cabinets and returning this time with a box of unopened rice and another one of lemon cookies .
i nuzzled her hair , filling my lungs with the fresh lemon scent of her shampoo .
i 'd brought a homemade lemon angel food cake , since it was her seventeenth birthday that week .
burying my face in his chest , i breathed him in , lemons and spice from his soap .
five packets of instant jell - o : two lime , one orange , one lemon , one cherry .
i move into the seat she 'd been occupying - now that i ' m sitting right next to gratton , he smells like the lemon throat lozenges whose wrappers are scattered on the floor .
` ` puck , '' she says , her voice soaked in lemon juice .
clay dishes clinked from the kitchen and the aroma of lemon bubbles joined the coffee floating around them in the empty coffee shop .
number two was a bright lemon thing with large red and blue spots all over it ; i nearly gave it a miss and quickly wished that i had .
neil swallowed some more of the delicious lemon drink , and asked , where did you learn to speak english so well ?
she handed him a cup of lemon drink and gave him a quick grin as she did so .
from small , dirty glasses they drank spicy lemon tea that the caf was famous for .
my parents bought it on a hunch in the early 90s , dwayne tells james before he pauses the conversation to order a double vodka and ginger ale with lemon and lime wedges .
as i whisked a lemon butter sauce together , the aromatic smell of garlic and cream filled the kitchen , masking the odor of the spoiled milk .
i drizzled some lemon butter sauce over a piece of the toasted bread and put a few spears of asparagus on it before topping it with the poached egg .
clerk ( licking finger ) : ` ` mmm , lemon . ''
sniff the drink before you sip , then take a big swig and breath out slowly then sniff in the fumes of the lemon and vodka !
crisp , bright green asparagus soaked in butter and lemon juice .
they walked along the street as they ate , first past a sweet sugared candy floss stand and then the orange , lemon and lime aroma of cuban food .
teel had eaten my muffin , along with her own lemon poppyseed .
the smooth softness of jaklin 's body , the silky sweetness , buttery taste of her skin , the lemon freshness of mikhail .
al was n't terribly hungry after devouring the chicken earlier , but when some appetizers in the form of strips of grilled steak marinated in lemon juice , along with a pile of asparagus tips were offered he did n't refuse .
for instance , seraphinaria wanted her gin and tonics made with lemon slices not lime slices , and valmyristarsis wanted her martinis made with rum and vermouth not gin and vermouth .
he quaffed a fair amount of lemon barley water before venturing out into the sun .
she closed her eyes and swallowed , the smell of oiled metal and stirms lemon scented hands flooding her as she remembered lying on the throne - room floor , screaming while he slowly sliced the rows of cuts into her skin .
as one travels from west to east , one first comes across akal garh market on the left which is a big retail market of clothes , then there is the girja ghar square from where branch off the books market and the old vegetables market , then there is sarafa bazaar ( the market of jewelers ) , meena bazaar ( in ancient times the residing place of concubines but now a wholesale market of grains and many other victuals , and near to it is the naoghara mohalla , where was born the martyr shaheed sukhdev thapar ) , basati bazaar ( a famous retail market of women accessories and cosmetics ) , gur mandi ( translating to jaggery market but in reality more of a market of electronic goods , it is here that a tragic fire broke out in the early 90s , when a blast took place in the firecrackers which were being sold here near the time of diwali , causing many a shopkeepers to mistake its noise for a terrorist attack and thereby pull down the shutters of their shops for safety , where they thus got entrapped to their ultimate demise as the fire spread and took a violent face , eventually leading to the death of more than hundred sons of the city ) , then there is also the saban bazaar ( translating to soap market , but here are sold hardware goods ) , bizli market ( electrical goods ) , pindi street ( medicines ) , lalu mal street and dal bazaar ( wholesale hosiery markets ) , khushi ram halwai and shankar halwai ( famous old shops of sweets ) , sita ram shop ( renowned for its namkeen snacks ) , babe da hatt ( delightful lemon soda ) , nathu mal ghuddu ram ( lip smacking gachchak and bhugga ) , and adding to all this and more , are the hawkers and peddlers here , who spend their days selling their goods on this long stretch , adding to the great hustle and bustle of activity which takes place in this traffic congested premises on a daily basis , in many ways thus , this place is the life spine of the city , imbibing in itself the various colors of its spirit in their different variegated hues .
jazlyn waved the lemon biscuit away .
he always loved trees and opened broken device , cleaned up his screwdriver set with cologne of lemon , swang his feet like elma , and loved trembling in hot weather .
we ate lemon cake at the church and drank sweet tea .
he brushed past me on the stairs , carrying a carton of linens ; he smelled of lemon , carambola , and rosewood , top notes from his cologne , versace man eau fraiche .
she had another mouthful of tuna salad , which was excellent , packed with walnuts and celery and some kind of lemon spice .
and they were in every color sweets can be , such as not - really - raspberry red , fake - lemon yellow , curiously - chemical orange , some - kind - of - acidy green , and who - knows - what blue .
i stifled my urge to reply with an insult of my own - something having to do with what the wonders a little lemon juice and sugar doused on a cotton - ball could do for his adult jaundice - and headed down the hall , wondering the whole way what i 'd gotten myself into .
there was a lemon tootsie pop , still in its wrapper ; a crumpled advertising circular from the derry house of pizza ; a double - a battery ; a small empty carton that had once contained an apple pie from mcdonald 's ; his discount card from dave 's video stop , just four punches away from a free rental ( the card had been mia for ever two weeks and ralph had been sure it was lost ) ; a book of matches ; various scraps of tinfoil ... and a folded piece of lined blue paper .
every time she came close , he smelled her : the same mix of lemon , marlboros , chemicals .
a lemon cream mixture that sits on brandy .
chapter seven filled with frustration and armed with lemon oil and a soft rag , sarah flopped down on the chair behind nicks desk .
mrs . carlson smiled as wadsworth removed her plate and replaced it with a delicate poached fish in lemon sauce .
it was lemon and lavender , intertwined with a fresh scent he had no name for but knew was unique to her .
he overhears nate trying to explain the lemon drop candy , and the look of awe on sams face as nate tells him about them .
cleaning crews had managed to get in , for the place was spotlessly clean , with a faint scent of lemon household cleaner permeating the air .
josh unwrapped his own thinga white and red swirly tube that smelled of lemon .
i 'll get some sleep after this , she promised herself , her hands sinking into lemon scented dish soap suds and hot water .
the icing had buttery lemon zest to it , delicate yet refreshing as ice cream on lucys tongue .
she licked the last of the miraculous lemon cream icing from the tines of her fork .
the air smelled of the lemon - scented polish that i used weekly to bring out the best possible shine in the mahogany wood furniture that adorned the room .
she burrowed in her bag and came over with a tin of lemon - flavored vitamin c wafers which she placed on his desk gratefully .
willie had been eating a lemon cream filled doughnut and trying to explain how doughnuts were not really bad for his diabetes , because they contained fruit , when the cars collided .
willie sucked the lemon jelly off his fingers that had been holding it at the moment of impact .
she just gave duddits the valium , painted his poor dry lips and the inside of his mouth with one of the lemon - flavored glycerine swabs that he liked - the inside of his mouth was always developing cankers and ulcers .
they do have sort of a lemon taste to em .
he gestured towards several students giggling around a desk covered with a board game , alongside a tray of pastries filled with strawberry and lemon jam .
toxicology results had proven that teds cocktail contained lemon oil , normally an innocuous substance to most people , but deadly for ted , seeing as he had a severe allergy to lemons .
i like lemon - flavoured boiled sweets .
bottle upon bottle of buttercup cough mixture , honey and lemon tea ( which i hatedreese always made it too sweet ) , avoiding chocolate or milk or anything that could ruin my precious voice ; remembering to close all the windows at night and the ridiculous amount of vitamins and supplements i had to take to prevent my newly weakened throat from becoming infected .
the only thing that could have made me happier was the lemon tart that was sitting in my fridge .
i went into the fridge and grabbed the lemon tart .
table talk lemon pie was my favorite , followed by table talk chocolate - cream pie .
janet , my mom and i polished off the entire lemon pie .
i glared at the two of them as i licked the final remnants of lemon pie - filling off my fingers .
it was a disappointing haul , the best of the bunch being a magic tree air freshener and some lemon scented hand wipes from a fried chicken place .
with helens words hanging in the air , the station cut to the bleach blonde co - anchor who cheerily announced , up next , lemon zesty meatballs !
so , lemon meringue would be okay ?
pulling my attention away from him , i eyeballed a martini glass on the bar filled with a bright yellow liquid and lemon twist garnish ; the rim was coated with either salt or sugar , or a combination of both .
lemon juice , sugar , and vodka .
considering my options , i took a sip of the lemon drop .
i noted vaguely that her shampoo - commercial - ready hair smelled like lemon and lavender .
wanting to create something new in the big city , they had rubbed the floors and furniture with lemon oil , three kinds of organic shellac and artisanal furniture wax made at the only factory of its kind in north georgia .
jack but hey , i did bring a can of lemon lime soda .
jane went in the kitchen and returned with a round tin bearing a picture of lemon candies .
i thought to myself if there s a god in heaven that wo nt be the last chocolate chip bag leaving me with only lemon cookies .
chex mix , fruit snacks , the dreaded lemon cookie , more chex mix .
shazam wandered from coffee house to coffee house , seeing a few people he knew or recognized , sipping an espresso here , a glass of lemon water there , until he ran into the person he was looking for .
` ` archie lemons '' ` ` lemons , where the fuck are you ? ''
even if she did have plans for the evening , it would be eating an early - bird dinner at 4:30 pm , watching something on cbs , and falling asleep with a lemon zinger tea , some lubricant , and a 12 - year - old vibrator .
` ` momma , they have cherry , lemon and watermelon italian ice .
clorox 2 with cascade , like we talked about before , but with just a hint of lemon juice and hydrogen peroxide .
i get the point minus the whole lemon cookie thing pretty sure you just made that up . ''
he showed up at the apartment the next morning with coffee and lemon scones , and a leash .
the official list of ingredients only mentioned lemon juice and vinegar , but we all knew in our stowbilly hearts that here there be horseradish .
doreen intervened and offered her son the bowl of lemon flavoured leaves .
practicality snapping to attention as soon as my penis had eased , i ran back to my rooms for a robe , a towel and a tonic of bubbly water and lemon juice , which i doused on the spray of semen on the rug .
it was after i had finished off the remaining garlic bread and licked my fingers clean , before the lemon scented finger bowls come out .
although bett had planned on grilling chicken thighs that were marinating in lemon , garlic and winter savory , she put them aside when neil walked into the house holding a pound of boiled lobster tail meat .
i know a lot of people love blueberry and apple and lemon and pecan , but i think cherry pies are the best .
she scanned it over and did n't find anything unreasonable on it except for something called ' lemon pepper ' .
` ` what 's lemon pepper ? ''
after my bath i put on the lemon scented lotion that julia bought for me .
blake woke around 3:00 from a 15 - hour binge , and offered to let me drive him to his honky - tonk for his hangover treatment two cheeseburgers with fries , four aspirin , and one hair of the dog , which turns out to be a mix of gin , lemon juice and tabasco .
that and the lemon juice she squeezed in her hair , along with the miss clairol she used .
i felt like telling him a bad woman was like a car that s lemon , better to trade it in , but i also noticed he liked the whole thing , as bad as it was it made him feel absolutely dramatic .
the walls were a lemon fog .
i followed him down and set my bag on the leather seat cushion along the port side of the cozy cabin , which was paneled in maple and smelled of lemon oil .
mrs . richardson had cooked scrod dusted with italian bread crumbs in a lemon dill sauce .
on the count of three , they would down that two ounce bottle of lemon extract and chase it with a dixie cup full of water .
deacon and i left the rest of the boys to sleep it off amid the puddles of lemon puke .
she skimmed her hands over his washboard belly and kissed a trail across his chest , inhaling his intoxicating sandalwood and lemon scent through the barrier of his turtleneck sweater .
lavender , lemon , sage and sandalwood filled channies nose .
this time it was all lemon and sandalwood .
cleaning is nt so bad , said jill as she expertly glossed myrtles end table with lemon oil until it shone .
elaine paused here to offer me a piece of lemon cream pie , which i declined , but reluctantly .
from there we went to a high end salon where we were wrapped in thick , velvety robes , handed glasses of lemon water , and pampered in ways i never knew existed .
there were lemon bar lunch treats to be baked , and i started the shortbread crust as i said good - bye to betty .
a yellow jacket buzzed down and landed on a lemon bar in lizs hand , and she did a frantic hopping dance to dislodge it , but ended up flinging it my way , causing me to lumber uncoordinatedly in the opposite direction , twisting and dodging the unseen foe .
the sugar and caramel taste of a coca - cola or the lemon lime zing of a 7 - up .
i went to the staff lounge and rooted through the cabinets till i came up with some chamomile and lemon zest .
i bought a can of iced tea with a disgusting lemon additive and found the cleanest seat in the place .
bev and emily both said they liked the lobster better just drizzled with lemon .
smells more like lemon oil to me .
i take a deep breath , inhaling the lemon and ammonia smell from the mop bucket .
maybe the people wrote it in lemon juice or invisible ink or with an erasable pen .
i bet it was in the lemon sauce , not the bread pudding .
the room smelled of a lemon disinfectant , one of those plug - in - a socket cover - up brands .
i think i saw him concocting an orange , lemon and whiskey mix this morning , something nauseating .
by the time gretchen looked fully relaxed , there was a fresh - baked set of banana nut muffins on the counter , something she referred to as a gingerbread souffle , tiny , perfectly shaped white chocolate scones , and pudding - filled lemon cupcakes decorated with hints of lemon zest , freshly grated by hunter .
` ` something smells damn good , '' jude said to me , sniffing the air that was thick with the scents of lemon and butter .
my lemon coconut slice was popular on the melbourne uni circuit because it had the perfect ratio of biscuit base to lemon icing and had a tart chewy crunch that almost made your toes curl .
my lemon coconut slice was popular on the melbourne uni circuit because it had the perfect ratio of biscuit base to lemon icing and had a tart chewy crunch that almost made your toes curl .
he started telling me about a special lemon liqueur called limoncello that was homemade from the lemons his family grew .
it tasted like lemon drops with just a hint of pledge , but i did n't care .
stroke my tongue along his , once , twice , then again and again as i absorb the sweet mint and lemon taste of him .
the potatoes came with some crazy type of gorgonzola cheese , which complemented the rib eye , and crisp asparagus in a lemon butter sauce .
the swan pastry shop was next door , and slade dragged her inside and bought a bag of biscotti , honey almond , double chocolate , and lemon divine .
callum was taken back that i remembered his favorite was lemon and rubbed my hand in his with a wink of appreciation .
` ` sweet , un - sweet , lemon , peach , raspberry ? ''
i felt a glass press up against my lips and i unhappily opened my mouth , letting a dribble of lemon flavored drink in .
there were roasted scallops with black truffles , pan - fried sea bass in a zesty lemon caper sauce , freshly sauteed dandelion root with onion salad , and for dessert something called la sfera .
there were three different vegetable dishes and a lemon custard pie .
setting what i learned was a pineapple lemon drop martini down on the table , i look over to shannon .
the kettle whistled , and josie poured the cups of tea , joining darla in her lemon enjoyment .
i shook my head and rearranged the lemon and lime trays .
our food arrived : sour lemon salads and more wine than anyone should drink at noon on a workday .
viv was making her world famous ( not really but it should be ) chicken , lemon and asparagus risotto .
i stopped close , put my clutch and lemon drop glass on the chest and leaned a thigh into it as i watched him pour .
i ignored this , focused on processing my disappointment that shambles had yet to hit on a chocolate theme at the same time surveying the case seeing lemon drizzle cake , lemon squares and lemon curd filled cupcakes and wondering what i was going to order .
i ignored this , focused on processing my disappointment that shambles had yet to hit on a chocolate theme at the same time surveying the case seeing lemon drizzle cake , lemon squares and lemon curd filled cupcakes and wondering what i was going to order .
even so , i demanded , ` ` do you mind letting me go so i can have something lemon chased by coffee ? ''
` ` thus my need for lemon treats and really , really good coffee , shambles , '' i replied .
two lemon curd cupcakes .
i reached forward , took the bag , opened it , yanked out the first thing my fingers touched ( lemon drizzle cake ) and i took a huge bite .
` ` i do n't think so , '' i answered , still tasting lemon and tate so , it was debatable , but it might be physically impossible to be pissed .
* * * * * the charger growled through the development and i was riding high on a day that included the delivery of kickass team walker tees , a letter from beyond the grave from bitch - face misty that exonerated my husband , the discovery and purchase of two bottles of not - cheap champagne i found at the liquor store and the fact that shambles had an entire lemon poppy seed cake with drizzle icing and a thick layer of lemon cream frosting in the middle that i could buy to end the f**king fantastic celebration dinner i had planned .
* * * * * the charger growled through the development and i was riding high on a day that included the delivery of kickass team walker tees , a letter from beyond the grave from bitch - face misty that exonerated my husband , the discovery and purchase of two bottles of not - cheap champagne i found at the liquor store and the fact that shambles had an entire lemon poppy seed cake with drizzle icing and a thick layer of lemon cream frosting in the middle that i could buy to end the f**king fantastic celebration dinner i had planned .
kevin held her close inhaling her lemon scent .
the lemon scent of her bath salts soothed her as she undressed .
her beautiful lemon scent comforted him .
yes , i 'll have a lemon drop martini .
you were looking at it , and you kept your finger by the ' skinny lemon drop martini ' the whole time . ''
if cassie had said that , it would have been polished and quippy and zesty , kind of like lemon punch .
a dark closet welcomed them , lined with cleaning items and toilet paper and smelling of pine , lemon and rubbing alcohol .
a hint of spice and lemon , with a woodsy fragrance thrown into the mix .
i ' m in the back of the group , so i allow a tear to slip out of my eye as i breathe the acrid scent of rubbing alcohol , lemon disinfectant , and rubber .
when i get downstairs , the house is filled with scents from amys edible arsenal : garlic , lemon , cream .
must be the lemon air freshener hanging off a knob on the dash .
our small cave smelled like lemon and clean , and the scent was soothing .
the spicy essence of lemon soap and lachlans skin filled her senses .
they held hands over the table at an outdoor restaurant and ordered braised chicken salads with lemon dressing and sour dough buns .
when he called becca to the table , the lights of the kitchen were off and the tables lone candle lit , the wine glasses were full ( beccas with ice water , his with french burgundy leftover from making the entre weeks before ) , and the foodbeef burgundy over noodles and steamed broccoli tossed in fresh lemon juice on warmed plates , tossed salad on salad plates , and crusty french rolls in a bread basketwas carefully and lovingly arranged at the two place settings .
zach had thin sliced beef tenderloin with a caper cream sauce , crispy potatoes provencale , and asparagus spears tossed in lemon oil and ground salt .
sally had never gotten used to the big italian meal in the middle of the day , and she and ruth usually skipped it , taking something light as an excuse to linger at an outdoor cafe , drinking cappuccino and eating lemon ice cream .
the familiar scent of lemon wood polish wrapped around mia , and contentment settled over her .
the house smelled the samea mixture of lemon and vinegar and something sweet .
well played , he told her snatching up a lemon cookie ( his absolute favorite ) that hannah must have gone to the trouble of baking fresh ( it was still warm ) when she realized that he was coming over ( he knew for a fact that abby hated them ) and dipped it into his own cup of tea .
the grinch - combine 2 ounces of midori , 1/2 an ounce of lemon juice and 1 teaspoon of simple syrup into a shaker with ice .
a sweet - tooth soup of peppermints , lemon drops , butterscotches , caramels , lollipops , and atomic fireballs .
jason exhaled a sweet , lemon tasting breath laced with a metallic aftertastethe anesthesia .
i m busy drinking my lemon juice , max shouted to fern , who was sitting closer to anton .
max , who was busy sipping his lemon drink , watched the whole hilarious scenario .
i bought some bizarre lemon lime soda at the terminal , which was one attendant with a vending machine .
in a bowl , i combined some ketchup , horseradish sauce , garlic powder , lemon juice and worcestershire sauce .
he grabbed a pack , along with a couple of lemon sodas and tramezzini , and watched her through the double - glazed glass doors from the cash station .
pouring lemon oil into her palm , she glided over the ornate carvings until the wood grain was dark and gleaming .
the bakery was known for its delicious tarts in a variety of flavors - strawberry - rhubarb , apple , cherry , chocolate truffle , fresh berry , lemon , plum and pecan .
to be continued inchocolate 13 : sour lemon chapter 13 : sour lemon issy burst out of the door to the studio and made her way to the lobby .
to be continued inchocolate 13 : sour lemon chapter 13 : sour lemon issy burst out of the door to the studio and made her way to the lobby .
the leggy blond had buzzed them into his uv - blocked apartment and proceeded to serve lemon cookies and tea in floral cups with saucers .
it 's full of good things like lemon juice and celery salt and tabasco . '
he 'd cooked dinner for her : sole stuffed with crab and shrimp and topped with a lemon cream sauce , wild rice on the side , spinach salad .
the familiar scent of lemon and spice swarmed around her , and though her mind screamed she hated him , her body remembered him as a lover .
the delicious scents of lemon and spice swarmed her .
st . mary academy was a turn - of - the - century structure with high ceilings and lovely polished wood floors that smelled of lemon oil .
she stepped past connor , catching a whiff of lemon and male , and settled into the passenger seat .
fuck , she tasted good , a mix of the lemon water she 'd been drinking and that familiar taste she always had : soft mint and softer , hungry lips .
the lemon pancakes with berries , right ?
i smiled , ate my lemon pie , and twirled my hair again .
colette stepped inside the house and immediately noticed the scents of lemon and polished wood - and roses .
she 'd progressed to pushing bits of a lemon pastry around her plate .
so she lingered over her dinner , then got dessert , a lemon mousse that was so light she did n't feel as if she were choking when she swallowed it .
the dessert recipe she 'd gotten last monday , made with lemon pudding and cream cheese , was worth sitting through the two - hour wake , even if she had n't been all that fond of kathleen o'hara 's husband .
charlotte peeked inside and was instantly welcomed by the smell of old books and lemon oil .
she chose a piece of lemon sponge cake and returned to her seat just as mary was about to say a few words of welcome .
` ` she knows that if she does n't get her dessert beforehand , there wo n't be anything left , '' olivia said calmly , setting her piece of lemon sponge cake next to her empty plate .
charlotte glanced over at the tin on her desk that held her favorite lemon drops .
her hands smel ed of lemon soap .
just like most of the rest of the house , it has wall to wall bamboo flooring and smells like lemon cleaner .
a half salmon , drenched in lemon and onion slices and butter , lay on an alder plank on the barbecue .
raspberry and lemon are great together . ''
despite the elaborate decor and the perfect music , dinner was a simple affair by gabriel 's standards : lobster bisque ; a pear , walnut , and gorgonzola salad ; steamed mussels with frites ; and then finally and most gloriously , a blueberry tart with sour lemon ice cream .
the air smelled of lemon and pine .
while julianne was burying her sorrows in a lemon gelato at bar perseo , gabriel was finishing his meeting with dottore massimo vitali at the uffizi .
it smells of lemon and detergent .
i wanted what they had so badly , i could taste the longing at the back of my tongue - an unpleasant flavor like ashes mixed with lemon juice .
it 's stuffed with shrimp and fresh mozzarella and covered in a lemon cream sauce , '' she replied without looking at him .
she closed her eyes and breathed in the scents of lemon oil , beeswax , and memory .
julietta took a soothing breath of lemon , paper , and leather .
the odd combination of wood , spice , and lemon made her want to bury her face in the curve of his neck and breathe in .
his delicious scent of aftershave , lemon , and clean soap swarmed her , more heady than any designer cologne on the market .
while his sisters buzzed over maggie 's ring , he made his way through the doors and was assaulted with the smell of garlic , lemon , and basil .
like a lemon pound cake - which was probably not all that complimentary , but delicious all the same .
her fragrance , a light floral mingled with the tart tang of lemon , filled his lungs , and his libido roared to life like the mythical dragon island folklore decreed lived beneath montagnarde 's hot springs .
her flowers and lemon scent filled his nostrils and her warmth seeped deep inside him .
i thought we would have something light and then maybe a slice of lemon pound cake later this evening if you like . ''
i changed my opinion instantly upon tasting it ; it was lemon juice and barley water , and while it was wet , i was much more inclined to pour it down the neck of my gown than to drink it .
pointing to the lemon cream scones sitting untouched on the tea service tray , she said , ` ` you adore those scones .
not like erin , who had clear skin and smelled of lemon and mint and theperfume he 'd bought her for christmas .
she smelled musky , not like lemon and mint .
his body heat and the delicious scent of lemon and spice rose to her nostrils .
ruby noticed that lottie still smelled of the lemon hard candies she kept tucked in her apron pockets .
the food was brought in a moment later : grilled trout bathed in a creamy lemon and dill sauce , small potatoes , and a tomato and onion salad .
she swirled her spoon through the dessert , a simple bowl of lemon sorbet .
bethy said , sitting down on the stool beside me and ordering two lemon drop shots .
i was sure i 'd made you sick with those lemon shots .
as zachary jordan rode home that night he was smiling in anticipation of the hot dinner waiting for him and the smell of lemon oil that now filled the house .
he wondered about her lemon syrup , but not enough to ask her about it right now .
hell , he 'd thought she was sound -- her reasoning about the lemon syrup and all but he guessed he was wrong .
sky would want gingersnaps , liza would want lemon squares , susannah chocolate thumbprints , and trevor and cece , the twins and oldest of the hollister brood , would be scouring the cookie tins until they found the big , soft molasses cookies they both loved .
and the lemon cake thing the invisible fairy brought me earlier was fu - amazing too . ''
carlotta ordered a turkey swiss wrap and a lemon scone with clotted cream .
seriously , who else could escape bulgarian extremists by making a bomb from dental floss , lemon juice , and bleach ?
the vegetables would be perfectly tender , their flavors merged into a silken tangle of tomatoes , sweet peppers , string beans , and walla walla sweet onions ; all of it swimming in a rich garlic - and - lemon - tinged lamb broth with big chunks of succulent meat .
above her , he closed his eyes and took a silent breath of lemon and flowers , the desire for her as strong as the first day he 'd seen her .