tons of them , white lilies and purple lilacs , were beautifully cradled between the two stones .
one was white lilies , and the other was purple lilacs .
she handed me the lilacs , and we both knelt down together , setting the bouquets side by side in front of the others .
weeping willows marched along a stream that ran through a park at the front of the property , and lilacs bloomed unhampered and untamed beside the willows , their soft colors blending in natural splendor with blue columbine and wild lilies .
dressed in a floor - length lilac gown with a full skirt , no one would ever guess she was pregnant .
the sweet perfume of spring lilacs wafted toward him .
he inhaled the aroma of her lilac - scented lotion mixed with the musky perfume of her sex .
but his focus was shot to hell when the scent of lilacs drifted from the bathroom .
the sweet scent of lilacs surrounding me last thing before i drift off at night .
staring down into the deep lilac of her eyes , andreas saw that she was too weak even to prevent him from brushing away the damp lash of hair plastered to her forehead .
roth 's heart was pounding as he strode across a dimly lit room and then he laid me down on a bed that smelled of lilacs .
he took another step , catching the scent of lilacs and vanilla .
said dress was a soft lilac , with sleeves and ending at the knees .
the sun was high , but here , under the shelter of an overgrown lilac , it was cool .
` ` keep the change , '' i said , distracted as i tugged my shawl closer , breathing in a faint lilac scent .
stacks of fresh canvas leaned against one wall , a paint - stained table was covered with pots of color and pastels , and a set of comfy couches were arranged in the far corner , surrounded with vases of lilacs .
i take a hard sniff of mia 's perfume - baby powder mixed with lilacs just like my deodorant .
it smells like heaven , fresh as a spring meadow with the sweet scent of lilacs prominent in the air .
the fresh scent of lilacs fills the air , reminiscent of my mother .
fresh spring lilacs scent the air from emma 's border garden as gage helps me down from the truck .
the strong scent of lilacs infiltrates the air .
the heavenly scent of lilacs has been tainted with something far more commonplace- ` ` wakey , wakey , eggs and bacon . ''
she holds the scent of lilacs in springtime .
the fresh scent of lilacs fills the air .
merda , she smells like lilacs and her soap and simply amazing .
unusual , fluid , almost whimsical shapes but surprisingly glazed in subtle , muted hues - creams , beiges , grays and deep lilacs .
its tall , densely built buildings were made of white stone capped with snow covered roofs dripping sparkling icicles , their doors painted in dove grays , creams or the lightest blues or lilacs .
a firework of every colour purple you could imagine , from the palest lilac to the brightest violet to the deepest aubergine , detonated , bursting forth , filling the space and bouncing ( thankfully harmlessly ) off everyone standing at the circle .
i wrote so many letters , mom started to buy me monogrammed stationery when i was twelve and she stil buys me two boxes every birthday ; deep lilac with an embossed rgl at the top and on the envelope flap .
the front room had huge arched windows , a brick wall , the other walls painted a soft lilac and it was enormous .
when she did , she caught a whiff of lilacs .
lady bridget stepped closer to him , close enough for him to smell lilacs on her milky skin .
one with a vision of a girl with skin as white as snow ... and lips as red as a rose ... eyes the color of lilacs .
they did n't disappear , but he had that brief , fleeting moment of feeling her soft skin beneath his lips and breathing in the light sent of lilacs before he started to fade .
the lilacs were in bloom , and georgie carried a handful of branches that his mom had gathered into a bouquet .
he was watching me steadily out of those eyes that were way more lilac than blue .
she wore a gown that reminded me of a toga - long flowing fabric in a sweet lilac color .
she smelled of lilacs and dusty silk , and a warmth that was all louisa .
she smells of lilacs , though it 's hard to tell whether it 's her perfume or the bouquet she 's holding .
i yanked out a handful of lilacs , damaging them in my frustration .
i grabbed another handful of lilacs , refusing to dwell on the repercussions of being caught .
` ` lilacs , poppies , amaranth - ` ` ` ` ingredients for a spell , '' i cut him off .
she knew he would ' ve appreciated those more than the lilacs , tulips , and roses .
he took a deep breath , his nostrils filling with the warm , sweet scent of her - the soap she had bathed with , the peppermint she used to sweeten her breath , the scent of lilacs that clung to her skin .
an in - drawn breath carried the scent of lilacs and warm womanly flesh to his nostrils .
not ten minutes past , she stood in my bedchamber , with its pretty lilac wallpapering , and ran her fingers idly over the rich silk of my window hangings .
the scent of lilacs permeated the air , making griff painfully aware of her presence .
a white sheet with small lilacs strewn across it was spread on the ground .
especially when the flowers arrived at the hospital - lilacs , her favorite .
i , um , lilacs are my favorite . ''
she had those lilacs upstairs , sitting in a vase on her kitchen table .
` ` then you were in my world , looking so beautiful and smelling of lilacs . ''
he had n't even known what lilacs were , not until her .
the scent of the blood smothered the lilacs .
the scent of lilacs was stronger in the small space .
your eyes are the perfect mix of gray and brown , like fog in the woods , and you smell like lilacs in the summer .
at the end of the two counters , positioned in the centre , was a large lilac coloured chair on a platform which rose slightly higher .
her hair smells like lilacs , but not the artificial silkiness of a shampoo ; it smells of the flowers themselves , as if she soaks her charcoal locks in molten petals .
it was like a protein shake and it smelt like lilacs .
anthony has trouble with lilacs , iris , whitetop , and roses , though , and i do n't remember what all else .
then , as she turned a corner , she appeared again , this time wearing a thin lilac garment .
the scent of lilacs in bloom came to him on the light breeze from the porch front , where the bushes marched away in both directions , rail high .
at last he stopped and hidden by overgrown lilacs he wrapped his hands around the cold iron bars that kept him in this world of pain .
they were a deep violet , the color of lilacs at twilight .
chapter 30 alfonso xiii was a small four - star hotel set back from the puerta de jerez and surrounded by a thick wrought - iron fence and lilacs .
your clothes were filthy , like you , only you 're not anymore , and your skin smells a little like lilacs , which means holy christ he bathed you .
but instead of loitering around waiting for mouse , i led him into the far corner of the backyard , which is a miniature jungle of old lilacs that had n't been trimmed or pruned since mr . spunkelcrief died .
i pressed past the outer branches of the lilacs and found a small and relatively open space in the middle .
within seconds , there was a buzzing sound , like the wings of a particularly large dragonfly , and then a tiny winged faerie darted through the lilacs to come to a halt in front of me .
there are no lilacs in this dead land .
no lilacs , i no trees , no grass .
the air smelled of the sea and the lilacs growing along the edges of the waterway .
he was waiting for her on the landing pad in his best suit with a spray of fresh lilacs in his hand .
his flesh was soft and moist , and his breath smelled of lilacs .
he had never seen the eunuch dress in anything but silk and velvet and the richest damasks , and this man smelled of sweat instead of lilacs .
it reminds me of metias 's funeral , of my white dress and thomas 's polished white suit , the white lilacs and white carpets .
they ' ve covered the bare floors with white carpets ; round white banquet tables overflowing with white lilacs fill the room .
then i smelled lilacs and vanilla .
then i was assaulted by the scent of lilacs and vanilla .
he had a beautiful mix of purple lilacs bunched in his hands .
it did nt help that her dad pinned extra lilacs on her .
on the outside of her casa , it 's painted a soft lilac .
this room smelled like lavender and lilacs .
sunlight is burning through the lilacs in a purple haze .
i might be dreaming , but i think i can still smell the lilacs .
its not subservience but play and i m bounding after her , no thoughts just warm female lilacs run mate -47- kayla and i stumble back to the warehouse , clinging to each other .
i breathe into her hair , which smells more of stale sweat and cold than lilacs now .
its a sudden scent of musk and heavy fur and lilacs ?
more and more i can smell the lilacs over the black wolf , but even the lilacs begin to fade .
more and more i can smell the lilacs over the black wolf , but even the lilacs begin to fade .
i do nt smell lilacs , either .
and then for a split second i get a whiff of lilacs , and i nearly stop short .
like lilacs .
the mogs naturally good at tracking , bent down took in a deep breath inhaling her scent that reminded eli of lilacs .
he must have fallen asleep and knew it was risky , but the smell of lilacs filled his senses .
lil said standing in front of him picking with her delicate hands a sprig of lilacs .
a sweet smell like lilacs in the rain wafted out .
a faint scent of lilacs surrounded her .
she smells like lilacs , maybe ; some kind of flower , anyway .
i guess boys were nt supposed to smell like lilacs or gardenias .
she smelled like lilacs , and she snored .
ready to leave , she hugged her mother goodbye , drank in the smell of the lilacs that wafted off her hair , and took time to savor the warm , comfortable feeling that would too soon be gone .
the aroma of lilacs filled the air as the steam carried some of the scent out of the hot water .
sitting there warm in her towel while being enveloped in both her mothers arms and the scent of lilacs that she and her mother shared while her mother towelled her off was where she felt the most secure .
distracted momentarily , he realized that could smell a hint of lilacs coming off of her .
more remarkable was the faint scent of lilacs that rose from her skin as she came closer .
jonathan held out a small bouquet of silk lilacs to matthew .
her entire being was engulfed in the beautiful lilac , shining and glistening .
she was soft and smelled faintly of lilacs .
her breath fanned his face , faintly scented of lilacs .
she has lilacs and irises woven into it , as if it will make up for her mummy like appearance .
coal - colored hair covered her entire body except her face , which was hidden beneath thin scales the color of lilacs .
her hair smelled of lilacs .
the soft sent of lilacs filled the room , and she looked around for the source of the smell .
she smelled like lilacs .
i d say you smell like lilacs .
like lilacs and ocean breeze !
the lilacs seemed to stir my senses the most .
the intoxicating mixture of lilacs and pine had been replaced with an odd stench of sulfur .
that s what the woman said , the caseworker ; she had a low cut blouseteal colored , and she smelled like a mix of musk and sweet lilacs .
it smelled of althea -- lilacs , powder , and dust .
crossing the rutted road , i passed a copse of large bushes , lilacs , i believed .
it was scented with what smelled to patrick of lilacs .
it was made of fine , pearl - colored linen , and patrick knew before he picked it up that it would smell of lilacs .
the smell of lilacs filled my senses .
purplish pink lilacs draped the archway over the front walk .
i scurried down the line of lilacs hissing , sue !
suddenly a shadow crossed over the soaked floor and the fragrance of lilacs halted his thoughts .
he thinks that when he defecates the odour of lilacs fills the stalls . '
roared jason bourne as the wall blew apart beyond the stately gardens filled with rows of lilacs and roses .
in the intimate space , she smelled of spring lilacs .
the scent of fresh lilacs filled my nose , and the heated water left a slight dampness to my face and hair .
i relaxed back on the cushions and inhaled a deep cleansing breath , the smell of blood mixing with the scent of antiseptic and lilacs .
lady linette stood at the front of the class wearing an austere expression that clashed with her copious yellow curls and a bonnet covered with drooping silk lilacs .
spring was the only time esme enjoyed being outdoors , before the cloying heat of summer settled like a wool blanket over the countryside , while the air was still drowsy with roses and lilacs , and strawberries lay hidden like easter eggs in lush , dewy vines .
sophronia inched in closer , using the lilacs for cover and tucking her copious blue skirts in about her in an effort to remain invisible .
it broke through the lilacs behind the pickleman , careening into one side of the gazebo .
assuming her nemesis was well distracted , sophronia edged her way around through the lilacs to get behind the girl .
lilacs flourish all around and the forest sings a gentle breeze .
at one point , when rosalyn looked up at me with adoring eyes , asking if i 'd prefer lilacs or gardenias at the wedding , i almost felt fond of her .
the air smells like lilacs and the warm breeze caresses my cheeks .
he has a strange smell to him , like lilacs mingled with freshly fallen rain .
his shoulder presses against mine and the scent of lilacs , forest and rain invade my nostrils .
my skin is warm , my body relaxed and the air smells like lilacs and rain .
the smell of lilacs , rain , and forest smother my nostrils and i know , even though i ca n't see him , that there 's an extremely annoying half - faerie standing behind me .
alex and me picking lilacs in a field ; watching other keepers practice sword fighting in the castle ; playing , having fun , smiling .
while the vanity was made of ivory , the chair in front of it was composed of diamonds , the cushion layered with vivid violet silks from the palest lilac to the darkest amethyst .
the kitchen was painted a cheerful yellow , her bedroom was a bold lilac .
he folded his arms over his chest as he watched her move slowly toward the lilacs .
she inhaled the lilacs deeply , making a face as she took a swift step back , shook her head and wiped her nose .
the fabric was the same pale lilac as the lacy , satin - skirted night rail she 'd been wearing the last time he 'd ventured into her chamber .
late may 's welcome breeze filtered in , and would have carried the heady scent of lilacs and forsythia if the air had n't been heavy with french perfumes and floral waters .
an archaoological artifact that smolled of rosos and lilacs and of timos gono by .
he 's right - the purple spanish - moss - like plants that clung to the trees are the same shade as the flower petals , a delicate lilac on the edges that sinks to deep purple in the center .
and it 's not like we 're shiny perfect or our breath always smells like lilacs or something .
he kissed me - the soft press of his lips , the way he breathed me in as if i was honeysuckle or lilacs or roses , the most compelling scent in the world - reminding me in an instant of his love for me , how much i had missed him and how much i was missing when he was gone .
the sun threw heat onto her shoulders , and the wind smelled like lilacs .
he also had this strange smell to him , like lilacs mixed with forest and the freshly fallen rain .
the smell of lilacs , forest , and rain flooded my nostrils .
i mean , i do n't mind breathing in the smell of lilacs every once and awhile , or taking in the scent of freshly fallen rain right after a storm , but he was a guy that smelled like flowers .
my nostrils were instantly hit by the smell of lilacs , rain , and forest .
he caught me by the arm and the smell of lilacs and rain blasted my nostrils ` ` you did n't tell me who it was ? ''
the smell of lilacs .
she smelled of lilacs and rosewater , and sometimes he forgot and called her mother .
the entryway was crowded , forcing us to stand nearly chest to chest , and i could smell her hair and her hair smelled of lilacs .
rosewood smelled like lilacs and mown grass in the summer and clean snow and wood stoves in the winter .
but iris smelled like lilacs , not vick 's vaporub .
the air was scented with lilacs .
the scents of honeysuckle and lilacs drifted through the air .
so wren had met her there and they 'd made out on a secluded bench behind the concourse 's flower stand , emerging flushed with kisses and smelling like lilacs .
in everlost she always smelled faintly of lilacs and wildflowers -- just like the fields around her on the day she died .
it smelled like lilacs and damp moss .
fresh lilacs and orchids bloomed around the edge of the lake , interspersed with dewy plants and buttercups .
she smelled like lilacs and vanilla and ... . happiness .
the air around her was intoxicated with her scent , vanilla and lilacs and beauty .
i inhaled her perfume ; she 's all around me and all i could smell was vanilla and lilacs .
` ` who are you , '' he says eventually , ` ` and what have you done with my lilac ? ''
thirty - five lilac we sit on the floor of the station 's main room , sifting through the half - burned pages , looking for answers .
how can he think i ' m the same as his lilac ?
i ca n't help but grin down at her , this steely assurance , my lilac through and through .
i thought i 'd never get to touch my lilac again .
mrs . kremer gave us both a kiss , leaving behind the smell of lilacs and baby powder .
the poet said that it reminded him of lilacs but not exactly .
she remembered that the air was laced with the scent of wild lilacs and early honeysuckle .
but now that he was so close , she smelled something else in all that mist and shadow : a scent sweet and ... gentle , a light perfume of lilacs and honeysuckle .
it was in his smell , one that said family ; that breathed safe in a sweet perfume of lilacs and honeysuckle ; that was the scent of her father , ghosting from the haunted attic of her mind : jump , sweetheart .
then everything clicked into place : that green medic 's pack , the lengths to which wolf had gone to save and protect her , his scent of lilacs and honeysuckle : safe and family .
ashley smelled good , like lilacs , only i was n't sure what lilacs smelled like ; it was just the first word that popped into my head .
i smelled lilacs .
a world of blond under my nose and its sweet atmosphere of lilacs .
its palm tree masts were festooned with purple lilacs .
the doors and shutters of the houses and shops were the palest blues and greens and lilacs , like a dream of paradise at dawn .
i ve found the lilacs .
sofia was about to say something when aimee came running towards them with the lilacs on her hands .
there were silver bowls filled with lilacs , early roses , and lily of the valley .
she opened and found a basket of freshly picked lilacs on the ground .
on the card it says for tori collins and there s a poem , tori said and showed her the basket of lilacs .
it was two stories of brown logs and gray , slanted roofs , landscaped with rose bushes and lilacs .
lilacs were beginning to bloom all along the forest pathways , making their brief , splashy spring hello and the outrageous ripening crop of pollen gave gisbo the gift of sneezes and a stuffy nose .
she smelled lilacs .
the morpher caught faint scents of wild grass and lilacs , but also hints of stone hearths and lore breezes .
` ` next thing , you 'll tell me you ca n't smell the lilacs . ''
their pleasant scent was like lilacs and violets and sweet peas all rolled together into one .
lyrics voice coming from behind a group of bridalwreath shrubs and lilacs .
she brings to them , somehow , the blue sky and the remembered scent of lilacs of earlier mays .
chapter 49 goodbye one sunny spring day seymour is kneeling before a neglected stone , happy with the fragrance of nearby lilacs and trying to communicate it below , when suddenly he finds himself elsewhere , in whiteness , on his back , rigid , heavy as lead and unable to budge .
to escape from the dream seymour imagines himself on his feet , arms stretched up to the sky beyond the ceiling , moving forward , shedding weight and taking off for the lilacs and his deep friends .
then the sky fills with booming and colored arabesques and he knows its bastille day , mid - july , so three months from those fragrant april lilacs .
she smelled of lavender and lilacs .
she smelled of eucalyptus , cough syrup , and lilacs .
she smelled of lilacs .
her skin was the color of spring lilacs , her eyes molten gold .
his skin was the color of soft spring lilacs , his knee - length hair the color of pink easter - egg grass .
oh , she said , and poured him coffee , she just wished that mr . ainsel could see the town in the summer or late in the spring , when the lilacs and the apple and the cherry blossoms were out , she thought there was nothing like it for beauty , nothing like it anywhere in the world .
it was heady and heavy , a cloying scent , like magnolias or lilacs , but he did not mind .
` ` fucking lilacs .
we ' ve been out here in the lilacs -- i guess they 're called -- staring at grier eating with her dad .
we 're practising ` ` gathering sweet lilacs '' this week .
the lilacs , for example ... ' what 's happening , nobby ? '
i was put in mind of the fragrance of lilacs , the tinkling of small bells .
i 'd been told that this one had been green in aeson 's time , filled with lilies and lilacs .
it was yellow , i remember , and decorated with painted lilacs .
a group of blushing , giggling maids from the village brought him a bouquet of bright purple lilacs .
he saw her then , among her lilacs .
she grew lilacs always at her chateaux in aix .
as for me , she said , as challanging his storage of images , the lilacs and narcissos scents are filling my lungs .
the lilacs , too .
purple lilacs leaned out from each side of the front door ; rose bushes extended to the ends of the house .
they considered mrs . van slyke who had parker more or less pinned against the lilacs .
then she cut lilacs of different shades from the many bushes around the cemetery .
she cut more lilacs to bring home , filling her basket with them .
the lilacs in sarahs basket betrayed where she had been .
but lilacs , sunflowers , gardenias and many other flowers kept appearing in my pathways .
he took her arm and walked her to the colonial revival garden where the salty air mixed with the scent of lilacs .
clusters of lilacs against a white background stared back at her .
it smelled like lilacs , and david closed his eyes , drinking it in deeply .
her nostrils flared as a long forgotten , yet familiar scent wafted through the air , reminiscent of an old gym bag and a field of lilacs at the same time .
well , now you are forgiven , she said , her nose buried in the lilacs and daisies .
the smell of fresh lilacs was a welcomed counteraction to baldrics aromatic repugnance .
he blinked down at me with the soft lilac of his eyes .
his eyes were lavender - really , truly the color of lilacs .
one day i had gathered all my courage , picked out my favourite dress ( white with small lilacs ) and combed away my tangled curls in an attempt to look sophisticated and stylish .
i should not ask for better teachers than sun and breeze and such- for in their memorials are found the blocks of who we were ; for in their branches are found the lilacs of our renovations , for in their arms is cradled the breath of a child 's undoing .
more than the wild roses or exotic azalea blossoms , stillbird loved lilacs and often broke off a sprig to carry with her throughout the day .
the perfume of lilacs was heavy in the air .
lydia closed her eyes and let herself feel the cooling night air , smell the slight perfume of lilacs , hear the late call of a robin off in the distance .
i have my own lilacs now , sprang into my mindand with it the memory of an incident when i was around 10 , getting caught breaking off someones lilacs .
i have my own lilacs now , sprang into my mindand with it the memory of an incident when i was around 10 , getting caught breaking off someones lilacs .
where we had lived before , the lilacs were ours and when they were in bloom she always had a few stems in a vase .
she loved lilacs in particular .
if i was breaking off some lilacs it was for soothing my mothers heart .
but then , as i stood in front of my own lilacs it suddenly occurred to me that it must have been around the time my mother lost that baby .
why was all this coming back to me in connection with a lousy bunch of lilacs ?
my own lilacs have nt even bloomed yet and already their fragrance is suffocating me .
i wonder if annette told her mother about the lilacs and the policeman .
i wanted to put some lilacs in a vase and see my mothers face sink into them , into the fragrance of home .
i have my own lilacs now .
nitas clients , the furgesses , had not removed the plumbing , cut down the hallway chandelier , jacked up and carted away the garage , dug up the lilacs and roses , or peeled the sod from the yard .
i then turned my face toward a zephyr sweeping across the western hills ; this air was perfumed with lilacs and sage .
before answering the lady , i inhaled a sample of the rooms perfumed air , which reminded me of mints and lilacs .
i thanked her profusely , bowed several times , indian stylewhich she found so amusing she mimicked me and bowed in returnwent out into the sunshine , found a low wooden bench among several fragrant lilacs by the side of house , sat down , leaned back against the warm wall , and promptly fell asleep .
as i looked around , a big , billowing cloud sailed out over the lilacs and into view like an immense schooner , all business , and so low that i had an urge to duck .
we sat outside , surrounded by lilacs , fending off the occasional mosquito , drinking that sweet drink the swedes call saftwhich , of course attracted the little monstersand wondered , to ourselves and to each other , what on earth had happened .
he sat down to his own little mountain of fried potatoes and eggs , and i looked out the window , at the lilacs , at the birches , at the many birds , and across the wide , wild lawn toward the little creek at the end of it .
it smelled sweet , he thought , like lilacs .
the air smelled of lilacs and the cool breeze blanketed everyone in calm .
the park smelled of lilacs again , which delighted me .
cece was awake , looking out the window at their green yard throbbing with blooming rhododendrons and lilacs .
the air smelled of blooming lilacs and the mildewy cushion beneath them .
near a clump of lilacs , the woman had planted a profusion of tulips and assorted wild flowers .
with the lilacs , magnolias and roses in full bloom , springtime in buda was a true festival of colors and scents .
lilacs bloomed on the breeze in the dooryard as well , and the grasses became perfume .
if an oil had been infused from lilacs and the color had been poured out over the bay , there could nt have been anything as deep or as lovely , until a moment later when the reflected sepia in the sky came up out of the oil as the sun rose on the island rocks and they shimmered in the glow of the new light .
a lady in a dark gray suit , who smelled like lilacs and wool sat down , smiled , said nothing but tipped her sunglasses as she gave drunky a look over .
lilacs bloomed on tall , leafy hedges , the grass grew lush and green , and fresh spring rains pattered on the rooftops like a song .
still , i could nt deny an appreciation for a beautiful garden in full bloom , and i certainly adored the smell of roses and lilacs .
jason gazed up at a clear sky , quarter moon and broad expanse of stars ; an aromatic potpourri of fresh - mown grass and lilacs perfumed the dew - drenched , early morning air .
mr . and mrs . weiner were standing over by a profusion of straggly lilacs in full bloom , jabbering with the richardsons .
even her wispy hair screamed for attention ; more lilac than gray , it fluffed out like a purple dandelion in a fruitless attempt to conceal its sparse growth .
lighting up ( the lord 's cup ) you could say that she 's my baby you could say that i ' m her love and the two of us together are filling the lord 's cup though happiness until this time has eluded us with her spark from here to eternity we 're lighting up the world 's dark they say that this world 's cruelty can crush the faith of the strongest soul so you and i together will bite the thorn off of every rose for the passion and the pain these each play a part in the way we come together and light up the world 's dark so dance for me , my beautiful girl you know that i love you so under the moon , in the early spring where the purple lilacs grow then if you call me ' lover ' well that 's just what i am singing to you in the morning light and taking you by the hand you could say that she 's my lady you could say that i ' m her man and the two of us together are making one last stand as the angels dance above our bed - sing out like a lark : ` ` the time is now fulfilled dear friends , come out of the dark ! ''
charleston may have its azaleas , washington its cherry blossoms , michigan its lilacs ; but in central north carolina , spring is inaugurated and indelibly marked by these gorgeous trees .
and rest came in a vision of a sloping treeless hillside in full morning sun , succulent spring grass bright and inviting green beneath the crisp blue sky , the gentlest brush of a breeze , the scent of spring flowersviolets , lilacs .
she could feel his hands ... just like fine leather they were , worn and comfortable and warm ... she could feel the morning breezes on her cheeks , could hear the surf , could even smell something resembling lilacs wafting sweetly through the moisture - rich sea air .
she came to the abrupt realization that she was standing , not sitting there was a very pleasant smell in the air , not sea salt or the wafting odor of lilacs , but the mixed smells of leather and horses and something baking , something sweet and delicious the smells of a city : peoplelots of peopleand smoke , but not the smoke of cars , of industry , but a more honest , homey , earthy smoke and yes , there was the sea salt , but it was a degree or two out of true , alien , not the familiar sweet - salty brine of the pacific ocean .
being dedicated to non sequiturs , he followed that with something like , i am the wild pig skulking among lilacs , rooting in the memories you thought you 'd forgotten .
come with me to the shady side of life , he wrote in a poem to me , bring whiskey and water , lilacs and worms .
bring whiskey and water , lilacs and worms .
it came to me that i needed beginnings , like easter eggs and lilacs , and he was always feeling the edges of things that ended .
roses , lilacs and larkspur were woven into the greenery .
i love lilacs , and there was a huge bank of the bushes near a footbridge to cross the creek .
as we walked across the bridge , the smell of the lilacs was intense .
the distinctive smell of lilacs mixed with brimstone met my nose .
a gust of air blew across my face and the smell of lilacs grew stronger .
tara loved lilacs and megan would always joke with her about how it made her gag when she would buy a bouquet of lilacs for the room .
tara loved lilacs and megan would always joke with her about how it made her gag when she would buy a bouquet of lilacs for the room .
order a big bouquet of lilacs and put this money in an envelope to have them deliver it with the flowers .
her hair was up in a lavender scarf and even at a distance she smelled of lilacs .
` ` well , i guess i 'll try to catch josh later , '' i said , somewhere between the lilacs and the roses .
damn lilacs .
goddamn super lilacs then ... they re the worst .
i could smell her next to me , the sweat and the algae from the moat , her shampoo like lilacs , and the smell of her skin like crushed almonds .
her hair smells like lilacs and berries .
the lilacs and berries are still there , and you worry that your eyes will well up .
i smelled death on her , on the woman who smelled of lilacs when i had made love to her outside on a rainy afternoon .
he was smoking , he 'd lost his overcoat and i saw he was wearing a deep lilac , slim - fit tailored shirt that showed he not only was tall but broad , lean and had a torso unmistakably packed with power , oh , and he was pissed .
then i heard the noise coming from the box and i moved to it swiftly , threw open the loose flaps and stared down at two scrunch faced , fluffy haired , tiny persian kitties , one chocolate point , one lilac .
i could smell lilacs .
she sprayed some on her wrist , and she smelled the same pleasant scent of lilacs that she remembered from three years before .
lifting a wisp of her golden hair , he twirled its softness around his finger , rubbing it against his cheek as he breathed in the fragrance of lilacs .
pulling a deep breath , he detected earthy lilacs , warm honey and the sweet vanilla of the female and closed his eyes , registering her fragrance into his memory .
he had always been partial to the scent of lilacs and coupled with vanilla and honey , she smelled exactly what he would consider to be perfection .
he wrinkled his brow when the scent of lilacs and vanilla wafted to his nose .
the scent was stronger here - lilacs , honey and warm rich vanilla .
he gently tucked a strand of her coal black tresses behind her ear , then leaning in , nuzzled her neck tenderly , taking in the unique scent of her ; lilacs , vanilla and warm sun kissed honey .
moving in closer , he inhaled her fragrance ; lilacs , vanilla and sweet honey .
the faint scent of lilacs from the small bottle of travel shampoo i d been hoarding in my backpack blended with the clean fall air and fresh water to create this fantastic perfume that actually erased the traces of rotting zombie left behind .
standing this close , he could smell lilacs , the memories of the way it had clung to his skin making him want to touch her so badly he ached .
she was sweetness itself and he breathed her in , a faint scent of lilacs and lemon oil .
as the buildings of town ambled by , he tried to keep the bad possibilities out , focusing on this moment , on the sweet scent of lilacs in her silken hair , of the sensation of those golden strands catching on his whiskered jaw , on the sweetness of her soft , feminine form in his arms .
she smelled like heaven fresh air , hay , and woman with a dash of lilacs .
the two were chatting as they approached and they did nt greet her , but clen assumed they d seen her sitting behind a large lilac that had partially shed its foliage .
the overwhelming smells of lilacs and roses , jessamine , tulips , springtime , filled my nostrils .
she smelled of lilacs and alcohol .
eyeshadow to match the beautiful lilac and aquamarine colours of the italian designer blouse .
how about this lilac number ? ''
the name sounded different in his mouth when spoken to her ; it became not the name with which he had been so long obsessed , but a word that described only her , a word that smelled like lilacs , that captured the blue of her eyes and the length of her eyelashes .
she smelled like lilacs , and then he knew that it was almost time .
mom had brought a large bouquet of lilacs from her garden , and julia and hailey set them in the receptacle at my father 's gravesite .
the lilacs were pruned and shapely , and their heady scent drifted through the open window .
to susannah 's astonishment , lovely pink roses and purple lilacs were arranged in a vase by the headstone .
the first thing she saw as she crossed the lawn was the display of flowers that marked the site - a display that was similar to the one she 'd seen earlier , with roses again and peonies instead of lilacs .
the lilacs were coming out , too , and she had both the purple and white varieties along the side of the house .
because the sun was still shining brightly and the garden smelled of lilacs , maryellen had moved awkwardly outside to sit on the deck .
the scent of hot sand tinged with tanning oil and lilacs reminded me of carefree summers , back before i cared about damaging uv rays and toxins in the lake .
little scented candles were set up around the dusty old place , candles that filled the air with the scent of lilacs .
he observed that the curtains were pretty - a sheer lilac that matched the bedspread and its cushions .
` ` i like lilacs , '' i said .
the smell of lilacs filled the room , slowly at first , let loose when lucent removed the tops from the candle jars , and then faster and more prominently as the flames melted the scented wax .
painted across my body in tender detail was a purple lilac .
` ` you smell like the lilacs my granny used to grow . ''
` ` you smell like lilacs .
i ' ve always liked lilacs . ''
flowers of every color bloomed around me , and the air was heavy with the scent of lilacs and roses .
i bury my face in her hair and take in her scent , linen and lilacs .
bianca eyed the wide - open entryway , her deeply tanned fingers gliding over a blue - and - white faberge egg by a crystal vase of lilacs .
outside , the sky is a beautiful cloudless blue and the lilacs that grow beneath the first - floor windows scent the air .
the scent of flowers was a sweetness in the air - lilacs and honeysuckle and jasmine .
the fragrant bouquet of hothouse roses , gardenias , lilacs and lush fertility swirled through her with every breath and conditioning exercise .
a dozen , long - stemmed white roses with reddish tips interspersed with lilacs .
the roses and lilacs are still blooming beautifully . ''
the beautiful pink - and - white flowers were everywhere , mixed with roses , lilacs , carnations and delicate greenery .