before she could retrieve her bags from the trunk , a sailor ran off a ship , grabbed her luggage and then disappeared again .
three hours later , the trunk to the limousine was completely filled with boxes and bags as well as the passenger seat and all the available space in the back .
michael loaded the trunk first with her plants , then the front seat but there were too many of them .
the store staff stored her purchases in the trunk of the limousine .
within two hours , she was back at home with a computer in the trunk of the car .
throwing the heavy bag in the trunk of my old volvo , i was grateful i had decided to drive rather than take a taxi .
today , however , my gratitude reached a new peak because , the next thing i knew , i 'd be transporting a dead body and a shovel in the trunk .
he just opened the trunk , and when that was packed full , he helped us throw packs of toilet paper in the backseat with us .
it was still sitting in the trunk of the car , and now , seeing him with that sword in his hand , it seemed unimpressive .
we both got out of the car , and i grabbed an old blanket from the trunk before we quietly walked down the beaten trail to the place where it had all started .
i helped her pull a few things from the trunk .
i decided on the sexiest of the three , and i squeezed myself into the little black dress that made my boobs look amazing and gave the illusion that i actually had a little junk in my trunk .
within minutes the chauffeur was loading the bags , five in all , into the trunk and then they were off , the serpent and the little mouse eyeing each other .
after giving storm a cheerful good morning which got her a sour look from an obviously still sleepy storm , she opened the door for him then went to deposit his luggage in the trunk .
he hopped out of the car and while he was speaking to the agents dani popped open the trunk to get his luggage .
the car slammed into the trunk .
the toolkit in the trunk provided the perfect solution .
she pulled into the parking lot , tucked her cell phone into her pocket and ran around to the trunk to grab the cooler .
` ` if she resists , dean offered to hog tie her and throw her in the trunk . ''
i popped the trunk and he tossed his bag inside .
a worn , blue suitcase emerged from the trunk .
just as he pressed the remote on his keychain to open the trunk , a teenage boy wearing stylishly ragged jeans , an oversize chartreuse t - shirt with it is what it is screen - printed on the front and a red baseball cap turned backward on his head came out of the house to greet him .
smiling , jake reached into the trunk for the suitcase he 'd packed for his short stay at hickory hills .
he hoisted the suitcase out of the trunk .
chapter 7 while sergio put the bag into the trunk of his jag , mandi locked the gallery door .
she found a parking space easily enough since it was pretty early in the evening and stored her books in the trunk , tossing her purse over her shoulder .
dimitri looked down at her , hearing the trunk close shut indicating that her bags were stored away already .
he 'd already paid and the paint was stored in his trunk by some eager beaver store employee who rushed off as soon as the trunk was closed .
he 'd already paid and the paint was stored in his trunk by some eager beaver store employee who rushed off as soon as the trunk was closed .
` ` i did n't want to spend the day breathing in paint fumes , '' he said and nodded to the painting crew chief who unloaded the paint cans from gaston 's trunk .
at the hotel , her luggage was pulled out of the trunk and she was instantly led through the lobby and given directions to take the elevators to the twentieth floor .
the driver pulled right up to one more elegant hotel , jumping out to hold her door for her while another person moved immediately to the trunk of the limousine to get her luggage .
they arrived at the island a few minutes later and ana watched in fascination as marcus lifted up a picnic basket from the trunk of the limousine and store several containers in the saddle bags of the horses .
tim stored her suitcase in the trunk and within moments , they were driving toward the airport .
someone else rushed over to the trunk of the limousine and pulled her bags out of the trunk , taking them to some sort of machine towards the back of the plane .
someone else rushed over to the trunk of the limousine and pulled her bags out of the trunk , taking them to some sort of machine towards the back of the plane .
slamming the trunk closed , she prayed that it was only a misunderstanding .
he tossed it into the trunk and a moment later , they were driving off .
by the time they were in front of the airport , their bags were already packed inside the trunk of a black land rover .
` ` alana , you 're going to have to explain that statement , '' he said as he pulled the picnic basket out of the trunk .
meanwhile , she was shivering in the cold next to her car with her trunk open , about to pull her suitcase out of the trunk .
meanwhile , she was shivering in the cold next to her car with her trunk open , about to pull her suitcase out of the trunk .
he asked as he pulled her small , overnight bag out of the trunk .
sighing , she hefted her suitcase into her tiny trunk .
he lifted her heavy suitcase and got it easily into her trunk .
popping open the trunk of her car , he placed her suitcase inside and closed it .
the driver loaded their carry - on luggage into the trunk .
` ` pumped about six shells into the trunk before i peeled out onto the highway .
placing her suitcase in his trunk next to his blueprints , he held the door open for her as she climbed in and set peanut 's cage on her lap .
he loaded their suitcases into his trunk and they left without a word to anyone .
they crammed her into the trunk , forcing her into a fetal position , and locked it .
even then , she barely had enough strength to make a noise to let people know she was trapped in the trunk .
it was hot in the trunk and sweat plastered her face , scalp , and all over her body .
one of them yanked her out of the trunk with brute force .
the man who yanked her from the trunk spoke .
her legs were wobbly from being confined in a trunk .
she pressed the unlock button on her key fob and forced her legs to move , needing to open the trunk and get out her flat - heeled sandals .
she borrowed it to wear down to the car - easier than redressing in the sequinned stuff , which she could put in the trunk where her normal clothes for driving were stowed .
the trunk of the car ... the front steps of his house ... her vaginal muscles contracted sharply at the pointed recollection of control being totally lost .
he took a few deep calming breaths of the cooler night air as he waited by the ferrari to load whatever had to be loaded in the trunk .
' i 'll get your bags out of the trunk and bring them inside . '
it was probably in the trunk , too .
the trunk slammed shut , which meant jake was on his way .
jake paused long enough to get her overnight bag out of the trunk , catching up with her as she opened her front door .
he set the box in the trunk , then shot her a look .
` ` you 're overreacting , '' she said and closed the trunk lid .
rafe grabbed the keys from the trunk lock and held them out of reach .
after tossing her suitcase into the trunk , mitchell went around to the passenger side of the car to help kate , and ended up standing back , enjoying the view instead .
` ` what 's over there , in the little trunk ? ''
i stand next to the driver 's side of my car while he pulls his suitcase from the trunk .
popping open the trunk , she tossed in her bag and started to close it when she heard someone call out her name .
grabbing the bag she 'd put in the trunk , he gave her a full blown smile .
slamming closed the empty trunk of her car , he took her by the hand and led her to his car .
popping open her trunk , callie reached for her suitcase .
then he grabbed the first aid kit from the trunk and he followed jessica up to the house where a seven - foot ladder remained propped against the house .
once outside she tossed the bags of groceries into the trunk as fast as humanly possible .
` ` once you 're seated , i 'll put your luggage in the trunk ; we can leave once mr . hall arrives , '' the driver said opening the door for sara .
` ` after we set up i need to put more ice in this , '' christopher said as he pulled a large cooler from the trunk .
sara reached for the second sleeping bag in the trunk .
only the two medium - sized stuffed animals i held fit in the trunk , so the large one lay in the backseat next to elle .
mia waited by the passenger side as i made my way toward her from the trunk of the car .
he pops the trunk and puts my things inside the sporty , and very expensive , black convertible .
when we get out of the car , lachlan walks around to the trunk .
he lifts his brow as he asks , ` ` since you do n't know if you 're staying , does your bag go inside or remain in the trunk ? ''
he pulls out and then slips my sandals back onto my feet before helping me down from the trunk .
i waved at her to catch her attention as she pulled out a small suitcase from the trunk .
as i watched the cab 's passenger get her luggage out of the trunk , i made my decision .
when they reached the vehicle , maddie caught a glimpse of her reflection in the window as sam loaded the bags into the trunk of the blue suv .
as sam retrieved his luggage from the trunk , micah stole one more glance at the brunette beauty beside him before he stepped out of the car .
while he stowed my suitcase in the trunk of the running car , i climbed in the front passenger seat and plugged in the charger and my phone before securing my seatbelt .
he turned to the driver of the limo who was unloading a small suitcase from the trunk of the car .
* * * at five - thirty on the dot i was stowing my overnight bag and a garment bag in the trunk of braden 's bmw .
it 's not like your son - in - law tossed you in the trunk of a chevy nova ! ''
he popped the trunk and carefully maneuvered the production boards inside with barely any room to spare .
the driver took our bags from the trunk and handed them to us .
the cabbie asked brusquely after he threw my suitcases into the trunk and slid back into the driver 's seat .
i asked , lifting both of our suitcases out of the trunk and setting them down on the sidewalk next to trisha .
trisha hesitated as the cabbie threw her suitcase into the trunk and slid back into the driver 's seat , looking over at us impatiently .
he nodded his head towards a black overnight bag behind us in the trunk .
craig reached for the bag when we stepped out of the store , turning to stow it in the trunk of the suv .
one of his crew members grabbed our bags and set them in the trunk , which joshua already had open .
* * * * ian took the double stroller from the trunk and set it up .
` ` they 're in the trunk . ''
he loaded the trunk of the cadillac until he had trouble shutting the lid , then drove back to his building in brooklyn to set his twin brother up for the weekend in the soundproof apartment on the third floor .
he filled his arms with groceries and large plastic bags and slammed the trunk lid .
bobby smiled and walked up to the open trunk .
he popped the trunk of his mercedes sl550 and stored their luggage inside .
he shut the door and rounded the trunk , giving me time to think about how the rest of the night could go .
furious with himself , he stuffed everything back in the trunk and slammed the lid in frustration .
it was in the trunk .
we 'd crossed the border when the traffic was so dense we would have only gotten stopped if blood were dripping from the trunk .
` ` i ' ve got a spare , '' she said as she clicked open the trunk with her remote .
the paramedics had retrieved her luggage from the trunk of her rental car and she changed into a pale yellow , long - sleeved cashmere shirt and her favorite form - fitting jeans .
her sister was already in the trunk of his car .
the girl had been limp , pale , and sweaty by the time he lifted her out of his trunk and dragged her back inside her closet .
` ` it 'll fit in my trunk , no problem . ''
chloe is standing at the rear of the car as i pull off my suit jacket , laying it over the trunk then pulling my belt loose .
` ` put your feet on the trunk and stay open for me , '' i order , never stopping my ministrations .
` ` the hood and trunk open and the engine has manufacturer specific details . ''
with a burst of energy he did n't know he had left , he got his bag from the trunk and was back beside her .
i ' ve been with patrick since we were seventeen and i helped him build his business - from selling soap samples out of the trunk of my car .
she beeped the remote and the trunk popped open .
she parked in a numbered spot , then popped the trunk so he could retrieve his bag .
leaving her suitcase in the trunk , she limped up the path to the front porch .
he grabbed their bags from the trunk .
she took in her situation - stranded in a wedding dress , no clothes other than honeymoon attire in the trunk , and little money in her pocket , headed to her deceased aunt 's house .
do you have luggage in the trunk ? ''
` ` thank you , '' she said quietly , then waited while he grabbed her bag from his trunk .
my pulse starts to beat more quickly , and i curse myself for not getting the tire iron out of the trunk .
not only that , but the system was accessible through a web - based app , and sloane kept her laptop , camera , and other tools of the trade in the trunk of her lexus .
when we get back to the house , damien tells us that we 'll find bathing suits in the trunk in jamie 's guest room and then shows us how to operate the controls on the hot tub .
he set the cases by the trunk and withdrew a key fob from his pocket .
he said nothing , only waited as someone else loaded my suitcases into the trunk .
another pistol shot echoed , and i heard the impact as the bullet hit somewhere in the rear , one of the brake lights maybe , or the trunk hatch .
he leaned into the open door of the bmw and pushed a button , freeing the trunk hatch .
he crossed around , lifted two black duffel bags from the trunk .
he left the trunk open , left the door open , and strode calmly to where i waited in the rover .
he tossed the two duffel bags and my backpack in the trunk , and then vanished into the house .
he stopped on a street that sloped steeply down toward the sea , parked the aston martin and set the handbrake , then popped the trunk and slid out .
harris closed the trunk , my backpack over one shoulder , and jerked his chin at me , indicating that i should follow .
he took her suitcase as the driver emerged , scrambling to deposit the black carry - on into the trunk .
after the driver stowed her bags in the trunk , clay reached for her , pulling her in close .
soon , her rational side took hold , stuffing her emotional self back into the trunk where that side belonged .
happy to avoid the comparison between the man who had her father murdered and myself , i reached inside the trunk to lift out a stack of photographs i recognized as pictures from when i played sports as a child .
he threw the onesie back into the trunk and leaned down to place a tiny kiss on the tip of my nose .
tamar did n't even hesitate as he stepped into the vehicle , handing the bag containing a pair of jeans and tee shirt to his driver which would be stored in the trunk .
he leaned against my car 's trunk , and immediately i regretted not having washed the car in weeks .
* we arrived and mr . stone took a black case from the trunk before escorting me inside .
` ` he keeps plastic baggies in his trunk in case he randomly has to do some evidence collection ? ''
after locking the evidence baggie in his trunk , luke turned to him and said , ` ` okay , i ' m taking this to the station .
max and i watched in horror as the cops popped open the trunk of chris 's car and pulled krystal out of it .
but most of it was due to the aggravated charges he faced because of the way he injured krystal and placed her in the trunk of his car .
as we started to walk , the driver popped the trunk and max reached in , pulling out my sneakers .
at last lunch had been eaten , the little black strip on the back of noah 's gold card had been worn down , and the trunk of polly 's car was almost too full to close .
` ` what 's in the trunk ? ''
the driver takes my things and puts them in the trunk .
as soon as the trunk is closed , everything situated , the driver opens the back door to the limo .
it can , however , unlock the doors and the trunk , but in that case the alarm will sound , and nothing short of you cutting it off with your key will stop it .
i ask , slamming the trunk closed .
two days later we 're in the back of the town car , bags in the trunk , on our way to the airport .
i drag him around the side of the dumpster , where my car awaits , trunk already open .
slamming the trunk closed , i toss the rest of the duct tape in the dumpster and climb back in my car , driving away from the alley .
i ' m distracted during the drive , frequently glancing in the rear view mirror , listening intently for any sounds from the trunk .
i had a body in the trunk then , too .
i flick on the light and pop the trunk , doing a thorough sweep of it , spraying every inch and vacuuming it out , removing every stitch of dna left behind .
she regards me for a moment before stepping closer , peering around the side of the car , into the open trunk .
i put her in the trunk and drive north , to the house tucked into the woods .
she presses a button near the rearview mirror and the roof lowers and folds back neatly into the trunk .
we bought so much , all of my shopping bags barely fit in her tiny backseat and trunk .
` ` then again , pace has n't minded the extra junk in my trunk , he says it 's an added bonus . ''
ronin crowded her until she did n't have anyplace to go and her back bowed over the car 's trunk .
` ` think you can fit it in the trunk of your beemer ? ''
jack popped the locks and the trunk .
ainsley figured that was a low amount after she loaded the four heavy bags into her trunk .
but she watched him unload the groceries from the cart into the trunk and then hold the door open for an elderly woman after he 'd returned the cart ; she knew his gentlemanly side was ingrained .
locked in the trunk .
grace closed the trunk to her car .
she tossed a bag in the trunk of the car and started away from him .
he pulled it out of her car , then closed the trunk .
or ` ` kidnapped '' you in the trunk of her car with that weird musician .
amanda thought about his words as they left the mall and stowed her purchases in the trunk of nick 's silvery - black jag .
nick got out of the car and locked his radio in the trunk , then stood to the side of the field until mike cut the motor and the blades stopped spinning .
we 'll hide her body in the trunk later . ''
she got out first while the driver went to pull their suitcases from the trunk .
he had awoken in the trunk of frank 's car , a rag shoved in his mouth and his wrists and ankles bound like a convicted felon 's .
his injured arm hurt like a son of a bitch from throwing his weight up against the trunk lid , and he cradled it protectively in front of him .
lugging my bag to my car , i hurl it in the trunk and run to the driver 's side , texting harlow : whatever my dad asks you about france , just say yes .
he steps from the cab and meets me at the back of the car , trunk already open and smoldering cigarette suspended from his frowning mouth .
either he does n't notice my lack of response or he does n't care because he takes my suitcase , lifts it without effort , and deposits it in the trunk of the car .
it was like having your car break down on a lonely road , rooting desperately around in the trunk , and triumphantly pulling out an electrical extension cord instead of jumper cables .
` ` did you know the reason they went with a chevy impala on supernatural was because a body would fit in the trunk ? ''
` ` i ' m pretty sure you can stash two bodies in the trunk . ''
we put my luggage in the trunk and the backseat .
she said abruptly , pounding the trunk door twice with her hand .
the bottle of vodka in the trunk when we got pulled over . ''
with my arms folded across my chest , i watch reese duck out of the changing room , her furtive eyes checking this way and that as she makes a beeline for my waiting car , tossing her bag of dirty clothes and gun into the trunk .
` ` your spare 's in the trunk ? ''
pop your trunk and i 'll see what i can do .
beneath half a dozen shopping bags and under the trunk floor , i find the spare tucked away .
he uses his free hand to pop his trunk .
he pops the trunk and grabs the bags before i have a chance to reach for them .
the trunk of the car was shut .
inside the unlocked trunk was a blue sculpture .
his footsteps are slowing down as he comes closer to the door , and i pick up the spark plugs and motherboard pieces and wires and throw them back into the trunk and lock it , stowing the key in my pocket .
i remember my mother 's hands , with their slim fingers , closing the trunk and locking it and handing me the key .
desperate times , rydstrom ... 8 cadeon popped the trunk of the most incredible vehicle holly had ever seen , then hastily stowed their gear inside .
nandiuml ; x popped the trunk , displaying a large suitcase atop another pile of sand .
he popped the trunk and opened his bag .
so , we pretend ... . after he took the bags to the car , stuffing them in the trunk , he remembered to open her door for her - score one for the demon - but just when he was about to slide inside , she got out .
the briefcase he 'd taken from the trunk was in the other man 's grip , and i frowned .
the trunk popped open with a slow whine , and i went around back to stow the garment bag nice and flat .
the door slammed , and quen gently put my dress into the trunk , already holding a bland but expensive - looking piece of luggage .
my shoulders slumped , and i did n't move as he eased the trunk closed and the power lock whined as it shut .
quen , too , got out , and the trunk whined as it opened .
ivy had a set of keys to my mom 's buick , and she opened the trunk , taking my garment bag as quen handed it to her .
ivy shifted my garment bag to show two suitcases , my old blue one and the other i 'd seen in the trunk of trent 's car .
i asked ivy , not seeing her suitcase in the trunk .
ivy said loudly as she reached for a lever and popped the trunk .
squinting from the sun , i followed her gaze to the lifted trunk lid and settled my bag on my shoulder .
` ` trent , will you pop the trunk ? ''
breaking my line of sight , ivy grabbed her overnight bag from the trunk .
i pulled my suitcase to the front of the trunk to grab a new shirt , bra , panties , and socks .
i shoved everything in my shoulder bag , and slammed the trunk shut .
` ` you want to wait a minute so i can move some of this to the trunk ? ''
` ` but if you do n't shut up , i ' m going to pull this car over and shove you in the trunk ! ''
the trunk was open , and my scrying mirror was out , glinting in the sun .
i shouted , and ivy , putting my scrying mirror away in the trunk , hesitated .
trent asked belligerently as i shuffled through the trunk for my scrying mirror , giving him an insincere smile as i pulled it out .
i lifted my bag out of the trunk , then trent 's .
the trunk was open , and there was a picnic basket inside .
ku'sox raged until someone shoved him in the trunk .
the trunk whined open , and i shifted my new shoulder bag onto my lap .
the thumps from the trunk were obvious , and i reached for the door .
the trunk was still wet from last night 's rain , and i crossed my arms and gestured to the cop that i would n't go anywhere .
from the trunk , thumps and screaming sounded .
you sure we have to lock her in the trunk ? ''
i hated locking people in their own trunks .
it was the best i could come up with on such short notice , not very nice , but better than stuffing her in the trunk of her car or leaving her tied up somewhere .
` ` weapons are in the trunk , '' hector told him .
once again he scanned the trunk , looking for anything else he might need .
he pulled the latex over the gloves he still wore as he walked to the trunk of mia 's sedan .
grinning proudly - and ignoring his choice of nicknames for once - she said , ` ` i have all kinds of fun things in the trunk of each of my cars .
sherridan emerged to get her bags from the trunk , and i attempted to do the same .
the second driver started around his trunk , closing in as well toward the offender .
the woman continued , ` ` how long were you in the trunk ?
the cab driver got my suitcase out of the trunk and handed it to me .
he was lugging a huge guitar amp out of his trunk .
clay reached into the trunk and pulled our duffel bags out .
we loaded her bag into the trunk , and said our goodbyes to mom and dad , promising we 'd be back early enough on sunday to spend some time with them .
soon my things were loaded into the trunk of the taxicab that sat waiting to take me away from my home .
i whipped into the first spot i could find in long - term parking , grabbed my suitcase from the trunk , and practically ran across the lot to catch the shuttle .
i reached my car , struggling to get my heavy suitcase into the trunk .
i tugged the heavy suitcase from the trunk , figuring its contents would be the only clothes i 'd take .
pushing my cart through the sliding doors , i scanned the lot and easily spotted the blonde woman awkwardly throwing her plastic grocery bags in the trunk of her smal white sedan while she kept one hand across the bel y of the child who still sat in the cart .
she slammed the trunk shut and yanked the girl up in her arms , catching the child 's shoe on the basket .
i pulled the four presents from the trunk of my car and attempted to balance them with one hand while i swept the other hand through my hair in another vain attempt to calm myself .
he leaned against my trunk , slouched with his hands deep in the pockets of his dark grey suit , his focus intent on the spot where he dug the toe of his shoe into a smal divot in the pavement .
i parked and went around and helped her out , popped the trunk to grab the blanket and the picnic basket lizzie and natalie had helped me prepare earlier in the day .
natalie yelled from where she tossed a bunch of bags into her trunk .
i was sure mike groaned to himself , but he arrived at the trunk with a smile on his face .
i smiled , folding my arms across my body as mike walked to the trunk , flipping the keys around on his index finger .
` ` yeah , '' he said distractedly , closing the trunk as he grabbed my suitcase .
instead , i pop the trunk and secure them between my gym bag and the cardboard box for groceries ( one of a hundred ken dietz practical ideas - never have jars of mayonnaise rolling around the trunk again ! )
instead , i pop the trunk and secure them between my gym bag and the cardboard box for groceries ( one of a hundred ken dietz practical ideas - never have jars of mayonnaise rolling around the trunk again ! )
it 's already three - fifteen and i want to be drinking the bottles in my trunk by four .
he puts the booze in the trunk and hops into the driver 's seat .
nathan climbed out the other side and pulled her suitcase from the trunk .
he opened the trunk of his car and pulled out several box files , anchoring them under his arms before haphazardly making his way back toward the house .
` ` open the trunk .
zane dug around in the plastic bags in the trunk for a minute , then walked around the car toward ty .
then they tossed his wet clothing into the trunk , where the smell of the spilled coffee would n't make him want to kill things .
you whisper , i leave you on the side of the road and he rolls in the trunk .
if this kept up , julian really would be riding in the trunk .
ty had fished a handful of bungee cords out of the trunk with something close to unholy glee .
the trunk opened , and julian could feel them removing things from the back to transfer .
the trunk slammed .
a murmur of voices garners my attention , and i glance around the trunk to find an entire party of people .
wes hops out , takes a blanket out of his trunk and a small paper bag .
i spent the majority of the afternoon hauling all the little boxes down and playing a real - life version of tetris in the trunk of my honda , but kendall made me promise to leave all the heavier boxes for cruise and her big bro .
she takes her shoes off and tosses them in the trunk .
i run over to the mustang and pop open the trunk .
` ` ask them which one put my head in the trunk . ''
` ` which one of you put my head in the trunk ? ''
` ` which one of you put kate 's head in my trunk ? ''
i 'll leave the trunk open for you .
marshall yanks logan out and throws him into the trunk like a sack of potatoes before slamming it shut as final as a casket .
it 's weird knowing that other people are still doing normal things like getting wasted at ellis 's while i ' m busy conducting body swaps , discussing future spouses with my long dead mother , and , now , i ' m cruising the fine streets of paragon with a body in the trunk .
chapter 59 playing house the rain gives one sultry cry of aggression , falling slantways from the angry sky before stopping just long enough for me to toss three garbage bags full of my randomly collected belongings into the trunk of the mustang .
* * * marshall helps me unload my junk from the trunk and organizes it in his closet with meticulous order and symmetry .
an entire crowd of bodies flock to the oversized vehicle , and before we know it the trunk is festooned with men and women of eras past , laughing and romping around in the back .
` ` get out , '' he says making his way around to the trunk .
circling around back , i peer into his opened trunk .
i pluck off my shoes and toss them in a plastic bag that i find floating around the trunk of the minivan .
i mouth as i sprint down to the open trunk and grab the last of the paper bags .
kinsley once stalked a boy so thoroughly she snuck into the trunk of his ferrari hoping for god - knows - what and ended up almost starving to death and suffocating from lack of oxygen .
i open the trunk and pull out the popup tent my dad bought for christmas a few years back .
after a long while of holding one another , getting lost in the rhythm of our breathing , of our hearts , we pack up and fill the trunk of the cougar with all the crap i managed to lug up here .
` ` i ' ve got my climbing gear in the trunk . ''
` ` in the trunk ? ''
i ' ve got a pair of night vision goggles in the trunk , too ! ''
i do a quick sweep of the bar for my psychotic baby sis , but she 's nowhere to be found - blissfully oblivious to my newfound terror of all the things that might be lurking in marty mcmullen 's trunk .
jules cuts the engine and pops the trunk .
i open the trunk of my lexus suv and pull the door up for him .
i open the tiny trunk of the car and remove the small donut spare , jack and lug - nut - removal - thingie .
i take a deep breath , close my eyes , and force the shirtless image out of my head just as he lowers the jack and gathers my tools and replaces them in the trunk with the flat tire .
the driver pulls our bags out of the trunk and sets them on the front steps .
his eyes moved to rocky who 'd rounded the trunk of her car and met him where the drive met his walk .
joe was loading their multitude of bags in the trunk of the mustang while both girls were close , gabbing at joe .
adam did n't even look at colt as he ran to the trunk of the cruiser to get the first aid kit .
he called through the speaker and colt went around the cruiser to the driver 's side , opened the door , pulled the latch to the trunk then moved to the back of the cruiser , nabbed a vest and put it on while warren continued .
chapter four only there i parked in the curving lane at the front of lavender house , opened the door and got out , slamming the door behind me and moving to the trunk where i 'd stowed the groceries .
more times than i could count over the years , before the door closes on her ass , me and a bunch of boys have seen her drop to her knees and start to blow junior just freein ' his dick from his trunks enough for her to latch on . ''
i got to his saber that was resting against his trunk , grabbed it and extracted it from its scabbard on the dash back as i heard the battle clash on .
i 'd taken off the gunbelt and put it in the trunk with the one lee took from a drawer in his desk .
then i leaned across the console , found the trunk release and grabbed the keys .
i grabbed it , closed the trunk , bleeped the locks and walked toward the bar .
he pressed me inside , slammed the door and he and tex put my stuff in the trunk .
lee grabbed the plastic bag filled with my chinese food clothes , my purse and my shopping bags from the trunk and followed me .
mom and trixie were fol owing , it was easier for mom to get in and out of trixie 's car and her wheelchair was already safe in the trunk .
we 'd just conquered cherry creek mall and in the trunk of hazel i had a new party outfit ( with shoes ) ; a new nightie to take to vance 's on my sleepover ; two new sets of very sexy underwear ; a cute pair of cords i did n't really need ; a couple of t - shirts i really did n't need ; a fantastic new blouse i really , really did n't need ; and a serious new pair of ass - kicking boots .
when he was done he reached for the garment bags and laid them across the bags and shut the trunk , then leaned against it , his entire body taut .
he reached for my bags , missed twice , and then with a loud grunt hauled them into the trunk of the car .
jaymeson put our bags in the trunk of his audi while i got inside .
in the trunk , in her suitcase , wrapped in her clothes , was her book of shadows .
i was bound and gagged and in the trunk of someone 's car .
i was lifted out of the trunk and i felt bulging , thick muscles against my flesh .
it 's coming from the trunk .
i park next to her car , my eyes skirting the trunk before i pull in all the way , remembering the sounds i heard from it before .
i know now that it was her who had been banging inside the trunk .
everyone ignores her just as we ' ve been doing since we kidnapped her from the parking lot of a grocery store and stuffed her in the trunk of our loaner car .
two hours later , after following her to a gas station , a fast food restaurant and finally to and from none other than the client , ross emerson 's apartment , we have her stuffed in the trunk after she finally makes her way home and parks in the driveway .
on the way back to boston , with ' nora ' in the trunk , she told us that dina and tessa were n't the only loved ones she got to - james woodard , distraught over the disappearance of his daughters , is on his way to boston as we speak .
next thing they knew they were in a trunk and rode like that for about thirty , forty - five minutes .
` ` it 'll all fit in my trunk . ''
since our new guests were going to be riding in the backseat , we stuffed our bags with everything we owned in the trunk .
andrew popped the trunk on his car and grabbed a blanket .
andrew was putting their stuff in the trunk as we approached .
` ` do you have the corpses stashed in the trunk ? ''
` ` if you 're worried , why do n't i drive and you hide in the trunk ? ''
` ` i ' m implying that the only way i ' m getting into that trunk is if you join me , '' he said dryly .
and as jack helped her out of the backseat and the driver took their bags out of the trunk , all she could think was , oh god , this is such a bad idea .
rejoicing was closer to what he 'd do the day she threw her suitcase into the trunk of her rental car and drove down his long driveway back to the city .
chester put her luggage in the trunk and stepped back from the flashy red car .
jim observed from his superior position of not - fucking - there as the operative slipped from trunk to trunk .
jim observed from his superior position of not - fucking - there as the operative slipped from trunk to trunk .
using the sedan 's hood , sides , and trunk , he steadied himself as he felt around the base of the car- aha .
` ` make that midnight , '' he amended as he shut the trunk .
` ` let 's get him into the trunk . ''
as he mounted up behind the roommate , he knew there was a gps on the sedan - so xops was going to come and take that body out of the trunk at some point .
crossing his arms over his chest , he leaned back against the steamer trunk and looked around , waiting for it all to go away .
zypher was standing by the open trunk door , his brows high as he bent in and brought out ... a cellophane - covered brick of something white .
` ` nah , '' trez countered as he headed over to the trunk .
so was the fact that as they put her in the trunk , they failed to tie her hands or feet .
so , yeah , this was familiar territory ... except for the fact that she was getting a whiff of heaven from the trunk of whatever sedan she had been shut into .
or ... more like one in the backseat and the other in the trunk .
` ` open the trunk , '' assail ordered .
the trunk latch released and the panel lifted soundlessly , inner lights coming on ... to illuminate two duffel bags .
he nailed the brakes and wrenched the wheel , their cargo thumping in the trunk .
and what was in the trunk was going to be added to that tally .
walking over to the door , he muttered , ` ` get the thing out of the trunk , wouldja . ''
phil went around to the trunk .
just like with the flare she 'd found in the trunk , she had one shot at this , and she needed him well and properly distracted .
looked like god had taken her prayers literally : she 'd gotten out of the trunk after her first ` ` help me , father . ''
using the remote , she triggered the locks to disengage , and opened the trunk .
even though it made her queasy , she deliberately put herself back in the trunk of that car , feeling the cold and the vibration , the fear of knowing that whatever was coming next was going to hurt .
the trunk popped open , and everyone stared at the empty space .
with that , he reached up and pulled down the trunk lid .
the trunk lit up , and benji 's face was just a few inches from mine .
cy had taken a bump too fast , and benji banged his head on the trunk lid .
the trunk popped open to reveal cy standing over us .
` ` they were in my backpack in the trunk . ''
we threw our luggage into raegan 's trunk , and just as she began backing out of the parking lot , my phone chirped .
emma thought of their suitcases sitting in the trunk of the taurus , which had , no doubt , been impounded by the police .
after driving around the block , peyton parked , turned off her phone and locked it and her purse , everything except the card key , in her trunk .
she wanted to get in and out as quickly as possible , then stow the gun in the trunk of her car until after the kids fell asleep this evening .
eager to hide the sig in her trunk and get back to mia 's ballet class , vivian lowered her head and charged through the double doors , only to run into what felt like a brick wall .
the dark made him think alana had climbed into his trunk , that he was actually bringing her with them just when he figured he was finally going to get away from her .
he was almost delusional at this point , mumbling about zombies and bears and her mother waiting to get out of the trunk .
your mother could be in the trunk . ''
simon shoved it in the trunk as ian answered .
she popped the trunk .
olivia raised the trunk lid , revealing the many boxes of wedding paraphernalia she 'd borrowed from river city resort club and spa .
it was hidden beneath the spare tire in the trunk . ''
` ` do you know how your panties came to be in the trunk of the cadillac ? ''
` ` they found some things in the trunk , '' she said .
whoever hid those items in the trunk was an active predator .
madeline suspected that what they 'd found in the trunk of the cadillac might ' ve had something to do with it , but even if grace was telling the truth about not knowing how her underwear had ended up in that suitcase , teenagers were notoriously moody .
according to what he 'd said when he first arrived , he still did n't know whose panties had been found in the trunk , despite madeline 's offer of a reward .
it was a dildo , grotesque in its enormous size but lifelike in its shape and imitation flesh - exactly like the one found in the trunk of the family car .
` ` who put that suitcase in the trunk , clay ? ''
clay must ' ve planted that stuff in his trunk .
i carry my forensics bag in my trunk . ''
he watched her close the trunk and hurry into the garage .
after sending david the text , he left his keys in the ignition so jane could drive it if he was lucky enough to get her out of the house , and he went around to the trunk .
he had a flashlight in the trunk , too , as well as a pair of infrared goggles and an army helmet to strap it to .
although the temperature felt like it was dropping fast , sebastian put his coat in the trunk .
after stuffing ammunition in every pocket , he closed the trunk with a quiet click .
` ` i know you love egg burritos from del taco , that you carry sports equipment in the trunk of your car and that the girl in your wallet is your little sister .
when she got her suitcase out of the trunk , the boy stood in the doorway and called after her .
it 's in the trunk . ''
the rope and the duct tape she 'd left in the trunk of her car , along with her knife and a crowbar she 'd purchased for good measure .
as she got out of the car and went to the trunk to get her tools , a loud chorus of cicadas welcomed her to the delta , along with the fecund smell of vegetation .
the police had found tati 's body in mark 's trunk .
chapter 1 sacramento , california t he bump that came from the trunk of her car surprised tiffany so much it nearly sent her careering off the road and into one of the houses along the right side .
he 's in the trunk banging around and crying for help . ''
without any recent noise from the vicinity of the trunk , tiffany was feeling more confident .
when she opened the trunk , he jumped out at her .
and ... and then i opened the trunk and ... '' he used his free hand to pinch her nipple , twisting so hard she cried out before she could stop herself .
jonathan put their bags in the trunk , then slipped on his sunglasses and got behind the wheel .
together with the suitcases in the trunk , they held everything she and sam owned .
then , later , when the neighbors were asleep , he 'd drive his own car into the garage , put his father 's body in the trunk and take it into the mountains to bury .
but right now i need you to help me carry zoe down here and get her in the trunk . ''
` ` go get them while i put her in the trunk .
he 'd been about to load her into tiffany 's trunk , but after what 'd happened with rover , tiffany had insisted he put her in the backseat .
zoe woke in the trunk of a car , her head pounding in rhythm with the thrumming of the tires .
taking his blackberry from his pocket , he stood by the trunk of the car and checked for service .
` ` what were you doing in robert 's trunk ? ''
this was most likely the last place his daughter had known , the place where she 'd been sexually molested , strangled and dumped into the trunk of a car .
plagued with visions of phillip pulling her out of the truck and strangling her , then stuffing her body in the trunk of his car , he 'd felt just as helpless in that moment as he had when adele went missing .
the gun he 'd stolen from one of his mother 's lovers years ago waited in his trunk .
he 'd abandoned the cruiser across town , caught a bus home and driven jasmine 's rental car here , with the cop 's body in the trunk .
he 'd complimented her on it before , when she first showed him through , but small talk distracted him from the condoms in his suitcase , which seemed to be screaming his name from the trunk of his car .
the only thing paris did n't have handy was the garbage bag hidden in her trunk .
she 'd stuff her body in that bag , placing it in the trunk of her own car , and drive the bmw as far into the desert as she could safely walk during the return trip , and the sun would do the rest .
cautioning everyone not to move , she jogged back to her squad car and got the small forensics kit she kept in her trunk .
` ` i 'll freshen the trunk while you pay . ''
i tug out the plaid blanket from its trunk .
` ` but maybe you should wash the blanket in that trunk . ''
a deep , menacing voice yelled at us as the trunk opened .
his voice was demanding as he tried to get out of the trunk .
the man pushed jakob back into the trunk with such force that i heard him hit the back of the trunk hard .
i stood there and peered into the trunk .
all i remember next is waking up in the car trunk . ''
` ` in the trunk , you made a comment about us being intimate .
it would feel different from when we had been in the back of the trunk and lying next to each other last night .
in the trunk , i 'd been scared and worried .
he 'd been awake before me , both in the car trunk and on the beach .
i asked , walking towards the trunk to grab some of the bags .
mom walked over to him and grabbed his arm , pulling him to the trunk of the car to help with the bags .
i said to hailey as she was pulling her last bag out of the trunk .
he is still loading his bag in the trunk .
he helps us get our things from the trunk , when everything is out summer wheels her suitcase inside and gives knox and i a minute alone .
he stuffed them in the trunk and then turned to me .
` ` you 're insane , '' i mumbled , opening the trunk so we could pack it .
they filled up the backseat and the trunk with some judicious tetris - style packing .
he put the stuff from our painting party in the trunk , hopefully because he wanted the backseat free ... goody ... and we started to head out of the city kind of toward brookside .
he looked at me over the trunk as he slammed it closed .
i went to open the trunk of the runner when i finally noticed what had made her go so still .
` ` we need to stick it in the trunk . ''
i place our luggage in the trunk , noting the picnic basket i 'd asked for sitting neatly to the side .
he asks , reaching for his soda that 's on the trunk .
they 're sitting on fold up chairs around a square table , and on it is enough money and bags of cocaine to fill up an entire trunk of a car .
then i grab my suitcase from the trunk and go inside the bus station .
i do n't relax yet though , not until i check the trunk .
layton does n't say a word as he gets out of the car and walks around to the trunk .
it 's in the bag in the trunk . ''
chapter 4 nova ` ` save me '' by unwritten law is playing from my ipod through the stereo speakers and the trunk of the chevy nova is packed with all the stuff lea and i could cram in there , the backseat packed with our instruments .
after we go into the house and unlock the front door , lea and i unload the trunk of the car and put all our stuff in the guest room at the back of the house beside the den .
there 's this awkward sort of exchange between lea and jaxon 's mom as she walks us to the garage , and lea ends up talking to her while tristan and i load up the trunk of the car and the backseat with my drums , my thoughts refusing to be quiet .
i shut the trunk and climb into the car as lea walks out the front door , carrying a plate of cookies .
when i pull up to the curb , park and get out , he comes up and gives me this awkward hug while violet helps trevor put the suitcases in the trunk .
we came out and everything was missing , including her hidden things in the trunk .
after ten minutes , she had a nice chunk taken out of the trunk .
i popped the trunk and started filling it with mine and bella 's clothes , as well as enough clothes and baby items for the boys .
we made it to the back of the car and had to remove a year 's worth of crap from the trunk to get to the spare .
i smiled and helped him get all set up before i started putting all of the crap back in the trunk .
i grabbed the pool stick case out of the trunk and followed my friends and my brother into the large building where the event was being held .
by the time daphne and i got our bags out of the trunk , all the carts were full , so we had to wait for someone to come back with an empty one .
the valkyrie shut the trunk and locked the car .
` ` is there a blanket or something in the trunk ? ''
before i pulled out of the wet dirt road i remembered she said she had a blanket in the trunk .
anyway , hope said she had a blanket in the trunk , so once i got her safely into the heat i grabbed it , and made sure she was warm enough . ''
heart heart heart she 's asleep by the time derek brings her angry friend , who 's f**king fuming as he loads her and melanie 's suitcases into the trunk .
he slams my suitcase and a small duffel into the trunk , then comes around and yanks the door open .
jake got out and took her wet clothes out of the trunk .
he opened the trunk of the bmw , took out the computer that was never far from his side and went indoors .
she parked in the visitors ' lot , got out and hauled the sleek , wheeled walker out of the trunk .
` ` that would be the antiquarian book dealer who keeps the climbing gear stashed in the trunk of his car . ''
she stashed the satchel in the trunk and picked up the end of hector 's leash .
all four doors and the lid of the compact 's trunk were open wide .
two suitcases and a file box occupied the trunk .
she knew that mason was probably thinking along the same lines , because she was sure she had seen him slip a small leather overnight kit into the trunk of the car .
he got a pair of gloves and a small , lightweight backpack out of the trunk of the car .
instead , there were two small overnight bags in the trunk .
she opened the trunk , took out the small backpack she kept inside and closed the lid .
` ` hide in the tulip trunk , love , '' he whispered .
she imagined herself trying to explain to the nice police officer why she had four half - crazed shifters stuffed into her car and a big sword in the trunk .
the little sweetheart had n't let him get into the car until she 'd dragged a towel and a first - aid kit out of her trunk , demanded a bottle of clean water from one of the shifters , and doctored liam 's back .
she closed the trunk , started the car , and drove back to shiftertown .
i have a couple more in the trunk . ''
he waited while diego opened the trunk , got rid of his suit coat and tie , and pulled on a padded jacket against the cold .
eric was in his own car with xavier , and in their trunk was reid , bound and tranquilized .
he carried the toolbox to the back for her and closed the small trunk , then returned to close the hood .
carly heaved a sigh and clicked the remote on her key chain , and her trunk popped open .
connor rolled the inert walker into the trunk .
` ` i have to wrap a guy in duct tape and stuff him into your trunk after tiger knocks him out , and he 's the sweetheart ? ''
` ` you are not driving my car around with walker wrapped up in the trunk , '' carly said .
tiger was out before she could emerge , and connor scrambled off the bike , heading to the trunk .
` ` it 's not every day i slap a piece of duct tape over a man 's mouth and stuff him into my trunk .
and now she was making friends with shifters and carrying around men wrapped in duct tape in the trunk of her car .
cameron slapped his hand to her open trunk lid , and the thing clattered shut .
i parked , checked my guns , took my crime scene kit out of the trunk , and jogged down the street .
i pulled pooki 's door open , popped the trunk , jerked the extra gallon can of enchanted water out , and dumped it on his face .
emma smiled back at them brightly , then tossed her bag into the trunk .
they climbed inside , and peter put the top down , and then the dog - looking slightly miffed at not having been invited - took a running start and catapulted himself into the back , his toenails skittering across the trunk before he slid down into the seat .
they did n't bother with pajamas or toothbrushes , instead eating the mints they 'd taken on the way out of the diner and rummaging through the trunk for articles of clothing that might double as pillows .
` ` in the trunk .
peter helped gather her things from the trunk , and when they finished , she slung her backpack over her shoulder .
she stood up and walked over to the blue convertible , popping open the trunk and rummaging through until she found a box of candles .
he laughed as he reached over to close the trunk for her .
when it 's finally her turn at the front of the line , she digs through her bag for the address of the church while the cabbie - a tiny man with a beard so long and white that he looks a bit like a garden gnome - tosses her suitcase roughly into the trunk without so much as a pause in conversation as he jabbers away into his hands - free phone .
after stepping out into the rain to heave her suitcase from the trunk , the driver pulls away in the taxi , and hadley simply stands there for a moment , peering up at the church .
we stopped at the side of the car and the trunk popped open .
he set the bag inside and shut the trunk with a clunk .
` ` well ... good - bye , '' i said when maximus and the other man finished transporting our bags from the trunk to the aircraft .
` ` i do n't want trouble- '' ` ` look in his trunk , '' i interrupted , my voice stronger .
jackie must have seen that i was spot - on about what was in the trunk .
` ` they had me in the trunk with you when they brought me here .
when we were in the trunk together , i could smell him on you even over the chloroform rend dosed you with .
kira put another stack of folders in the trunk of frank 's car - make that her car - and paused to wave at lily across the parking lot .
she was so tired ; she 'd be happy to fall asleep in the trunk , if she could fit around the luggage .
i looked around to make sure carter was n't watching me from across the parking lot , then put the bear in the trunk .
he 's in the trunk . ''
we 'd both been retrieving our drums from the trunk of his car .
with an impatient huff , he reached into the trunk , too - it was shady in here , our heads were close together , and if it had n't been a hundred and sixty degrees , it would have been a great place to make out - and he dragged out my drum and held it up for me so i could get my shoulders under the harness .
as will dragged his own drum out of the trunk , he was saying , ` ` but your best friends are the photographer for the yearbook and the head cheerleader .
` ` he invited me to keep my drum in his trunk , '' i explained as we reached him .
irked , will sat on his bumper and felt around in his trunk for his sunglasses without looking at me .
she jumped back , half - surprised , when the trunk popped open .
she closed the trunk .
` ` i hate to tell you this , '' i said , ` ` but drug runners do n't stash their pot in the trunk like a suitcase or a spare tire . ''
` ` i have some kleenex in the trunk . ''
back in the cop car , john blew mud out of his nose with a kleenex from the trunk .
` ` pop the trunk , would you ? ''
i retrieved my motorcycle helmet , closed the trunk gently , and walked over to slip the notebook into the bag on my motorcycle .
behind us , the trunk popped open to receive all my belongings .
he pocketed my key but kept his phone in his hand as he wheeled my suitcase around to the open trunk of the benz .
while he finished another cigarette , i unlocked my trunk and leaned into it for the king - size box of condoms .
` ` ah , right , '' i said , moving to the front of the bug ( the engine was in the trunk ) .
i reached in for it and half fell into the trunk .
` ` of course it 's important , which is why you had a freaking crate of condoms in the trunk of the bug .
as he rounded the car i took a few big whiffs , but i could n't smell cigarette or pot or bo or a dead body in the trunk .
feeling as though she was in a fog , sky collected her luggage , stowed it in the trunk of her rental car , and left the airport .
` ` i like to drive , '' thorne said , tossing the suitcases into the trunk .
unlocking the trunk , he gathered their bags ; sam took his and lisa 's .
he pulled nancy 's suitcase from the trunk and dropped it on the sidewalk , then pressed a wad of bills into nancy 's hand .
unlocking the trunk , he picked up the grocery bags and carried them into the house .
serafina , go and open the trunk . ''
smiling at the comparison , anthony closed the trunk .
he wrapped the man 's remains in the blanket he had brought from home , then carried the body back to his car and placed it in the trunk .
he could understand why a vampire wanted the books now hidden under the spare tire in the trunk of his car , but of what interest would the volumes be to a werewolf ?
rane stowed their suitcases in the trunk , made sure her mother 's books were where he had left them , and then slid behind the wheel .
` ` i ' ve got a couple of paper targets out in the trunk . ''
savanah had packed her things earlier in the day ; her suitcases were in the trunk .
holding her close , he opened the trunk and grabbed a blanket .
forty minutes later , their bags were packed and in the trunk of kyle 's car and they were on the road to porterville .
after settling her father in the front seat and stowing his suitcase in the trunk , sheree climbed into the backseat .
sheree joined him on the sidewalk , waited while he got his suitcase out of the trunk .
macon went around to the trunk and dumped some empty tanks in .
i popped the trunk and pulled out a couple of bags .
she popped the trunk and i tossed my suitcase in .
i moved to pull my bag out of the trunk , but maddy stopped me .
i popped the trunk and watched macon and brody running down .
ben slammed the trunk of my car after loading the last of the camping gear .
i went around to the trunk , popping it open to retrieve my suitcases .
can you get my stuff from the trunk ? ''
bill 's and eric 's superior vision made it easy for them to tell there was blood in die trunk , blood and some stained clothes and a wallet .
a middle - aged woman and a teenage girl were unloading packages from the trunk of their toyota , simultaneously having a vigorous disagreement .
` ` after we do this blood thing , you need to go get me a car - a car with a great big trunk , like a lincoln or a caddy .
my job was to play weak until day , when the vampires would retire , and then somehow get bill out of the stable and into the trunk of the car eric would provide .
then i went to the rear of the vehicle and unlocked the trunk .
the trunk was dirty , yes , but clear of anything that would cause bill discomfort .
` ` there 's a big lincoln outside , and the trunk is open .
i ' m putting you in the trunk , wrapped in this blanket , and we 're driving out of here .
finally , with a tremendous effort that left me trembling , i got bill to the trunk of the car .
i made myself shove all the sticking - out bits - a leg , an arm - into the trunk with him , and then i closed it .
i could n't remember how well the blanket covered bill , and i was n't sure how light - tight the trunk would be .
he had gotten rolled around in the trunk , i was sure , and i needed to make sure he was covered .
and i had parked so the trunk opening was pointed away from that bit of sunlight .
i fell into the trunk on top of bill .
an instant and extra shove brought my legs in , and the trunk slammed shut .
now bill and i were locked in the trunk of the lincoln .
okay , i 'd entered the trunk probably about , hmm , one p.m. bill would wake around five , when it was getting dark .
the trunk was cold , too , and i tried to unwrap bill a little bit so i could share the blanket .
it was about a woman who 'd been taken hostage and forced into the trunk of her own car , and she 'd been campaigning ever since to have inside latches installed in trunks so any captive could release herself .
i felt all around the trunk , at least the parts i could reach , and i did feel a latch release , maybe ; there was a place where wires were sticking into the trunk .
i felt all around the trunk , at least the parts i could reach , and i did feel a latch release , maybe ; there was a place where wires were sticking into the trunk .
i almost went nuts , there in that trunk .
i am ashamed to confess , i wondered if somehow eric knew i 'd be shut in the trunk , and this was his way of saying , ` ` that 's what you get for preferring bill . ''
it occurred to me that eric 's friend had pointed out a car that would be easy to steal ; a car belonging to someone who was sure to be out late at night , someone who could afford a fine car , someone whose trunk would hold the litter of cigarette papers , powder , and baggies .
and that drug dealer had disabled the inner trunk release for reasons i did n't even want to think about too closely .
unless i got a final break , and got out of this trunk before bill awoke , none of the others would exactly count .
i screamed , and banged on the trunk lid , but the sound was swallowed up in the starting of a big engine .
even with the quilted jacket and the blanket , it was very cold in the trunk .
` ` car trunk , '' he muttered .
bill punched a hole in the trunk .
the trunk opened with a noise of tearing metal .
` ` know who pushed me in the trunk and slammed it shut ? ''
to tell the truth , no matter how battered my body was - and battered at his hands , or rather , his fangs - that body could hardly wait to meet up with his body again , buck naked , despite the terrible incident in the trunk .
i got the shotgun out of my trunk and loaded it , sticking it in the shadow of the water heater .
however , he could have told himself i 'd been mistaken , that it had n't been debbie i 'd sensed near me before she 'd pushed me into the cadillac 's trunk .
and she 'd protested she had n't known bill was in the trunk , unconscious .
` ` now , if you 'd be so good as to pop the trunk open , i 'll ask bill and bubba to put him in there . ''
i was willing to forgive her so much , like when she pushed you into the trunk . ''
debbie had taken an opportunity to push me in a car trunk with my vampire boyfriend , bill , who 'd been starved for blood for days .
and she 'd walked off and left me in the trunk with bill , who was about to awake .
when i 'd thought of rape before , when other girls had told me what had happened to them or i 'd read it in their brains , i had n't had the ambiguity i felt over my own short , awful time in the trunk .
i bet the man was in my trunk !
i 'd tossed my own stuff in amelia 's trunk , and off we 'd driven .
amelia had a laptop in her trunk , so for the first time there 'd be a computer in the stackhouse home .
pam had some towels in her trunk , and i put them down on the seat of bruno 's car .
` ` that 's a long way to drive with a body in the trunk , '' jason said .
i step out into the rain , pull my suitcase out of the trunk , and walk slowly to the front door not caring that i am getting soaked .
` ` i 'll follow you , '' i tell her as i toss her bags in her trunk .
i hopped out , opened the trunk , and pulled out my overnight bag .
i grab the other two bags out of the trunk before slamming the trunk , following behind him .
he pops the trunk for his suv .
ranon put the journal back in the trunk before a tear fell and damaged the ink .
keeping one eye on the dog , she checked the trunk .
after hanging the last piece , she closed the trunk .
we parked underground , and i swear you have never seen anyone take so long to remove luggage from the trunk as him .
` ` well , let 's see what 's so darn heavy in this trunk ! ''
` ` very cool , '' i breathed , looking past him into the trunk and seeing the base there , complete with needle .
he crossed to me , taking the keys from my hand and opening the trunk .
clark calmly picked up the bag of paper towels and closed the trunk .
pink - faced and glowing , she was a soft , round little bit of a girl with curvy hips and thighs , and packing some serious junk in the trunk .
so as he scrambled his way from rock to rock , i sat on a blanket we 'd dug out of the trunk and observed .
the man carrying me dumps me roughly into the car 's trunk before grabbing some rope , pulling my arms behind my back and binding them .
grabbed me from the restaurant , then threw me in this trunk .
i can hear her yelling from the trunk .
as much as i 'd love to leave her in the trunk , i ' m not an animal .
i pop the trunk open , and all i see are her wide open eyes , full of fear and the unknown .
i let her go for a second to shut the trunk , and she makes a run for it .
unfortunately , our sharp and sleek japanese swords were in the trunk , and i doubted tate was going to give us time to grab them .
let 's see if we can get our things out of the trunk . ''
the trunk had popped halfway open in the fal , so we maneuvered and tugged until we could wedge our bags and swords out of it .
i unlocked the trunk of my car and stuffed the bag into it , somewhere between the padded gloves i 'd used twice for a kickboxing class , the blanket i kept for winter emergencies , and the emergency road kit that had n't been opened in all the years i 'd had the car .
` ` probably had the animosity in him for a long time , '' said a woman in a suit on the other side of the trunk .
while i was n't really overweight i could stand to lose about ten pounds and to maybe run off some of the extra cushion in my trunk .
i stayed in the mustang as he lifted the hood to both our cars and then retrieved the jumper cables out of his trunk .
through the doors i could see his dad at the loading zone , waving and smiling , taking his bags and stuffing them into the trunk .
i watched in fascination as the trunk popped open , but no one got out .
several seconds later , she went around and threw her bags in the trunk and slammed it closed .
we hurried out of the airport toward gran 's car at the curb and i tossed the bags into the trunk and hurried to climb in .
that 's all that 'll fit in the trunk with the fifty pounds of stuff you brought . ''
it was a newer car and newer cars all had safety latches in the trunks .
the vivid image of charming shutting up her dead body in his trunk flashed before my eyes .
he 's ... wait , she 's just jumped out of the trunk .
wondering where we were and if he was just going to open the trunk and shoot me .
my hand tightened around the trunk release and i pulled it .
i kicked the trunk lid up and leapt out of the back , landing on the hard pavement .
` ` look away if you do n't want to be a part of it , '' i told him as i leaned in through busted glass and popped the trunk .
marley backed up instinctively , then mentally groaned at her weird reaction when he pulled the button by her ankle to pop the trunk .
he jerked back and yanked her second bag out of the trunk .
i left my travel bag in the trunk . ''
i stole her , '' i mutter , and load the shopping into the trunk .
i ask as she starts pulling my shopping bags out of the trunk .
i pop the trunk , put the gate in there , and close it .
i lock the trunk and set the bag with mila 's bunny on the passenger seat .
i grab the gate from the trunk and carry it in with mila 's bunny tucked under my arm .
he takes the bag and throws it in the trunk , slamming the top down .
he heads to the trunk while i enter the lobby without waiting for him .
` ` is it okay if i store my backpack in the trunk ? ''
a quick search in the trunk and under the hood was all the time he could waste and as sure as he could be .
` ` pop your trunk . ''
` ` pop the damn trunk , '' he barked .
she thumbed open the trunk on her rust bucket of a car .
he swept the beam through her trunk , illuminating her rolled - up sleeping bag , hiking boots and - her guilty pleasure - a sealed container of instant hot chocolate .
` ` pop the damn trunk , so to speak .
nola walked outside , popped the trunk , yanked his suitcase and hauled it inside before he could argue .
an hour later , gear stowed in the trunk , he pulled off onto the two - lane road leading to paige 's house .
halogen lamplight silhouetted a man lounging on her trunk , his back stretching a preppy , blue polo shirt .
nothing left in her trunk , no safe territory remaining to explore , julia 's gaze skittered from the gaping door of her empty house , back to the too - intriguing man on her porch .
she popped the trunk , and he welcomed the excuse to focus on something else .
the cops had found tara 's car later , her packages still in the trunk .
he took her suitcase from her and walked around to the trunk .
she pulled her key ring from her bag , then hit a button on the remote and the trunk popped open wide .
hunter tossed her suitcase in , followed by his duffel and slammed the trunk closed .
in the trunk they found ten grand in marked bills .
` ` who gave bail to a guy with a carload of drugs and money in the trunk ? ''
` ` to a case about a guy stopped for a traffic violation who had drugs and thousands of dollars of marked bills in his trunk . ''
` ` we know marked bills were found in both the trunk and the evidence locker , so we know there are ties to the winkler place .
his own suitcases were still in the trunk .
ben loaded the last of his things into the trunk of the mustang .
by the time luke climbed out of the truck , alexa waited by the trunk for him to open it up and reveal his surprise .
he turned , one hand propped on the trunk door , eyeing her with a serious look on his face .
` ` so what 's in the trunk ? ''
he reached into the trunk and pulled out a pair of ice skates .
derek grabbed the rifle , intending to lock it up tight at his place or in the trunk of his suv .
he wedged it into the back of the trunk and slammed the door closed .
he hefted her large suitcase , laptop and duffel , which held her toiletries , into the trunk .
they 'd always used an old blanket his father kept in the trunk .
he slammed the trunk lid down , made two trips to carry the luggage up to the front door .
silence locked the trunk .
mick bit back a curse and pointed to the trunk .
* * * olivia blinked in disorientation as the trunk of the town car was released and her eyes adjusted to the sudden onslaught of light .
she 'd come to about fifteen minutes later to find herself bound and gagged in the trunk of the town car , and now they were here .
while neil opened the trunks of both cars and transferred objects between them , gwen sat in the front seat and stared into the night .
from the trunk , he removed a pillow and blanket and tossed it in the backseat .
he moved back to the trunk and fished through her bag with a flashlight .
try not to take offense , '' neil said as he removed their bags from the trunk .
richard pulled the suitcase from the trunk with a grin .
walt pulled their luggage from the car and closed the trunk .
the blood of his ex - girlfriend and her fiance was found all over towels in the trunk of his car .
` ` should we look in the trunk ? ''
instead , we check out and load our stuff into the trunk and get on our way .
he takes my bag and puts it in the trunk , then returns to the house .
she breathed a quick sigh of relief and quietly left the house without fanfare , putting her bags in the trunk of the cab and then climbing inside .
when they pulled up to the house , stephen unloaded her bag from the trunk and helped her walk inside .
suddenly , their car lurched forward as the trans am slammed into their trunk .
` ` this is a adorable , '' i observe before i get out and pull the wheelchair from the trunk .
next she hauls in an overnight bag , then bag after bag of groceries before finally closing her trunk .
the jerks had tossed her into the trunk .
the lock popped with a shriek and the trunk flew open .
* * * saxon had extra clothes in the trunk of his car , and he changed at elizabeth 's cottage before they headed out for the winery .
there 's another in the trunk , but you can leave it there .
take liam outside and help him get all his stuff out of the trunk . ''
by the time he slid into the driver 's seat of the camry , everything had been transferred from the suv into the trunk of their new ride .
` ` and a new big bag of food in the trunk , '' said jonathan , getting into the spirit .
after digging around in the trunk , she was halfway from the car to the cabin with two small things in her hands when she heard the guys yelling back in the trees .
he jumped down the entire staircase to the ground and jogged over to the trunk of the car .
he had a duffel bag in his trunk , one that he kept ready because he never knew when the eod would ship him out on a mission .
` ` hey , at least you did n't wake up in the back of my trunk like you did last time . ''
two men were trying to shove something - someone - into the trunk of that gray car .
they dumped veronica into the trunk .
veronica tried to jump out of the trunk .
he dived into the vehicle even as veronica leaped out of the trunk .
` ` when i saw the crash and those guys trying to stuff you in that trunk ... '' his hand fell away from her .
the vehicle seemed low to the ground , with a long hood and a stretching trunk , but she could n't determine the car 's color or make .
the length of the hood and trunk had been familiar to him .
the car sped away quickly , knocking her around in the trunk , sending her rolling back and forth .
only one faint beam of light trickled into the trunk .
you could drive right through town , your radio blaring , a girl in your trunk screaming , and no one would hear .
when the trunk opened a few minutes later , when the rain and wind poured in , she did n't find herself staring up at a man .
the trunk was still up .
he 'd put her in the trunk , and now he was trying to take her someplace .
she had to locate the rear of the car , had to find the spot where the trunk locked .
if the trunk had a separate release latch , she could try to find that .
she shoved against the hood and the trunk popped open .
she jerked upright in the trunk .
` ` throw the bags in the trunk , '' he told the driver .
his trunk was already open .
my father takes my bags from the handler and puts them in the trunk as i have one last look back the building - back at the program .
as she ranted in the parking lot about how much she liked to walk thank - you - very - much , he placed the bags into the trunk of his car and then guided her into the passenger seat .
when he retrieved her bags from the trunk of his car , shaya went to take them from him , but he shook his head and advanced up her driveway .
after another two days perry became less vigilant and she found a moment to stash the dufflebag in the trunk .
i ran around to the back and threw my bag in on top of everyone else 's stuff , slamming the trunk door closed .
once taylor has stowed my bags in the trunk , we set off for escala .
taylor opens christian 's then retrieves our cases from the trunk .
she moves to the rear of the suv and opens the trunk .
elizabeth is checking the bags in the trunk .
i ' m half afraid ben will rescind his offer to take the cats , and that 's why he 's offering the ride , but he 's already loading the duffel bags into the trunk and putting the cats in the back .
taylor shook his head , pushing another button to open the trunk .
` ` sorry , '' taylor said , pushing the key remote to unlock the doors and then again to pop the trunk .
thomas opened the back door for me and then walked the bags to the trunk .
` ` maybe it would be easier to just smuggle me in the trunk , '' i said , holding a cup of the brew we 'd crafted .
i pick the tent up and try to cram it into the small space i left for it in the trunk .
i close the trunk after he enters the hotel .
noah i open the trunk of echo 's car , and she appears beside me , reaching in for a blanket .
luckily , i had locked all my school stuff in the trunk , and it still looked closed .
` ` i need to see if my computer and books are in the trunk still . ''
he did n't want to acknowledge the kernel of pleasure he felt at having a reason to seek miracle out , the seed of gratitude he felt that she 'd left her camera in cheyenne 's trunk .
` ` um , it seems you might ' ve left your camera in cheyenne 's trunk , '' he said , extending the small black bag he carried toward her .
dusting off my hands , i check my nails to make sure none are broken -god forbid i show up for drinks with a gnarly manicure- as i walk to the trunk to remove my full - sized spare .
he 's so close and so tall that i take a step back , tripping over my flat spare tire and nearly landing myself , butt first , in my own trunk .
when i get back out , perfectly hot stranger ( otherwise known as sig ) has already put my spare back into the trunk and is reattaching my flat tire , i guess for towing purposes .
as the attendant loads our bags from the trunk into the luggage compartment of the jet , kennedy and i make our way into the main cabin area .
instead , i get tia 's purse from my trunk , where we locked our things , and i dig out her keys .
twenty - five minutes later , i ' ve got a backseat full of lawn tools , a weed eater in my trunk and i ' m following dad 's directions to get to the home for which he 's been contracted to do the landscaping .
we ladies chatter and giggle and tease cami about the pervy gift set we hid in the trunk with her luggage .
` ` it 's in the trunk . ''
after stowing our stuff in my trunk , i open her door and usher her in with a flourish .
` ` sure , let 's just dump these bags in the trunk first . ''
there was an arsenal in the trunk , but it did n't do us any good back there now .
grabbing lucas 's backpack , i handed that and some towels from the trunk to fallon while i retrieved the cooler and picnic blanket .
i jerked my head up out of the trunk , hearing jared 's voice .
i slammed the trunk shut and started walking for the beach , leaving my friends to it .
lucas followed me out of the car right away , and we rounded to the trunk to dig out the skateboards .
madoc slammed the trunk shut without taking one .
somewhere in the car , probably the trunk , a tank of the chemical was hidden .
` ` you 're not wearing any makeup , '' tate observed as i threw my new hiking backpack into jared 's trunk .
so , we just had our carry - ons , which had all fit into the trunk of her bmw .
liz took a seat as hayden popped the trunk open and deposited his equipment before opening the door and sliding onto the leather seat .
liz opened the trunk , and hayden reached in before she got a chance and pulled her suitcase out .
she walked around to the trunk and extracted her suitcase .
i set our gear down by the trunk of the car and then pick up kylie by the waist , spinning her around .
i snuck back outside to my car after i left the hotel room and dug around in the trunk until i found half a joint .
i eased her stuff into the trunk and then closed the lid .
i know aj wanted you in all your thick , junk in the trunk glory . ''
as i put my wobbly feet onto the pavement , he grabbed my bags from the trunk .
i hear the trunk open and close before charlie interrupts my reverie .
after collecting my luggage from the trunk , i wave good - bye to my friend and walk up the pathway toward the double wooden doors .
i did n't mention it earlier because i did n't know what to expect , but it 's in the trunk .
i slid into the white limousine , which was really quite ridiculous for two people , while ben assisted the driver with placing our bags inside the trunk .
he grabbed a beer from my fridge and plopped down on my couch , kicking his feet up on the leather trunk , looking relaxed and happy .
the air was thick with an early season humidity as she hauled her luggage from the trunk into the house , making sure nepenthe was comfortable with food and water before unpacking her belongings .
i open up the door for cherie , and after popping open trunk i turn on the air conditioning .
lets check to see what we have in the trunk i hope its my painting i let out a sad sigh .
i slide my key against a silver bar and the trunk opens up .
i exit the car , armed with my flashlight , and get two bagged meals from the trunk .
i imagine that they are getting sucked into the trunk and placed into a bag from the whooshing sound i hear .
i open up the trunk and start to slide the water bottles into the large container .
it is much colder herei return to the trunk of the car and retrieve my camouflaged jacket and the backpack full of supplies .
popping the trunk , he pulled out a two - gallon gas can and carried to back to the death scene .
carrying the tools under one arm , he walked around to the back of his four - door sedan and unlocked the trunk allowing it to pop open .
pushing aside a roll of plastic lawn bags and his tire iron , he let the tools fall into the trunk with a clatter of metal on metal .
the trunk slammed shut and lee stepped over to lester popping his beer open and handing it to him .
just pop your trunk and ill get inside and close it .
reaching over he unlatched the glove compartment door , and found the trunk release button .
as he pressed it he heard the trunk door pop open and he leaned back upright .
pop the trunk ?
meanwhile the beefy cop pulled out a mini - cam and began to film the contents of mikes trunk , as he removed them one by one .
out of ignorance , i had done the magical equivalent of lifting a car up with my bare hands when a car jack was in the trunk .
i exit the vehicle and grab a bag of groceries from my trunk , then i take an empty elevator to the thirty - first floor , and walk down a deserted hall to apartment h. sometimes i ...
they placed the duffle bags in the trunk of their black cadillac .
we usually take turns sleeping in the trunk , but you can take it tonight .
maya wandered to the trunk and sat on the edge of the car , unsure of what to do with herself .
he popped the trunk open , climbed up , and dug through its contents .
in the trunk .
while still in the cover of the countryside , nicolas pulled over to talk about what to do with the hulking automaton hanging out of the trunk .
nicolas , this time with johns help , loaded the machine into the trunk again and the party set off for arael .
dmitri ordered big d to unroll and step out of the trunk , and then he , the machine , john , nicolas and tara lined up across the road with maya and the car to their backs .
tara was already in the backseat while dmitri was guiding the automaton into the trunk .
on it , dmitri replied , as big d settled into the trunk .
tossing the gun aside and climbing onto the trunk , he kicked the spider web in and peered into the limo .
he retrieved a plastic sheet from the trunk and laid it across his back seat .
the thompson 's exchanged mystified glances after they looked out into the driveway , and saw madame caidoz 's car , with the trunk already open and suitcases visible .
the back seat and the trunk were full .
she then powered up the suit and turned the control dial , until the backpack began to rise up off the trunk .
a meth head that made the mistake of getting pinched at a routine traffic stop with kriders product in the trunk of his car .
he had plenty of gasoline , and there were cans filled with more of the stuff in the trunk .
wesley and billie disassembled their base camp and tossed the guns and equipment into the trunk of a friend 's car .
the men are secured in my trunk , and i ' m proceeding back to the town to jail them . ''
in the trunk , sigurd was concerned about his mom and sister .
exiting his car , he grabbed his black bag from the trunk and walked around to the back of the building .
they walked to the car , watching haydars guard put his bags in the trunk .
when the carryall is filled , they begin to fill the trunk and back seat of marcel 's buick .
todd parked and opened the trunk as zack was walking up to the car , he waved and told todd buddy we got a house full of very prominent people wanting to see the actual halaka as livingston has been on the phone and sharing the photos with our colleagues , a lot of discussion is going on inside already , todd a little nervous asked how many jews are in there ?
reaching his car , a non - descript neutral - toned sedan , he dropped his gym bag in the trunk and climbed in behind the steering wheel .
i ca nt believe it did nt go off , sean mumbled into the opened trunk .
anything good inside the trunk ?
months later that night became something she could look back and laugh at , but the night she spent locked in that trunk , while everyone else playing the game either fell into a stupor or just plain forgot they were playing and wandered off , gave rachel her only glimpse into claustrophobia , and it was an experience that , even when she thought of it months later , sent icy chills through her .
counters had an extra shotgun just lying in the trunk , loaded .
she reached into the trunk and pulled out a dark green cantina .
dropping her bag into the corner and the beans into the trunk , she turned to her brother , glancing down at the hide in his hand .
the billingses had loaded both the trunk and back seat up with food , clothes , and water before picking up irene in prospect heights .
the trunk popped open .
the trunk of the lexus was clean , carpeted , and empty , except for a leather briefcase .
he was about to close the trunk , realized there was no point , and heard a moist squishing in the cars interior .
a moment later , the trunk popped open .
nikolai popped the trunk with a remote , lifted a case , set it on the sidewalk , and then he removed his mask and asked , how does it look ?
he set his mask in the trunk , holstered a glock 25 , grabbed the mask , closed the trunk , and picked up the case .
he set his mask in the trunk , holstered a glock 25 , grabbed the mask , closed the trunk , and picked up the case .
edwin opened the door and unlocked their parked car while mercedes threw the suitcases in the trunk .
she considered getting something out of her suitcase in the trunk , but the sight of the suv down the street made her unable to act or move .
as they pulled their suitcases out of the trunk , the suv inched down the other end of the parking lot .
katana tossed her few belongings into the trunk of her compact car and backed it down into the empty street .
the valet motioned for the bellhop to grab jaggers luggage from the trunk .
nella heard sevita 's words echo in her head as he disappeared behind the opening trunk lid .
` ` thank you , '' she said , ` ` there is a box in the trunk .
` ` frank , '' she said turning toward him , ` ` you can't- '' he pulled the pack gently from her shoulder and laid it in the trunk and looked at her .
` ` it 'll be alright , '' was all that he said and then closed the trunk and walked back toward the driver 's seat .
she pulled their packs from the trunk as frank talked to his friend .
lucky i had a full bag of charcoal and some fluid in my trunk .
the distributor cap was in the trunk , left there before he went to meet george .
a good suit , extra air and walking below the line of the hills on the outside of our grid in the dim timewell , he cut them all where they go to the trunk line .
the trunk of the car had a few boxes as did the back seat .
the backpack went in the trunk , he would take it out to the woods this weekend , there was no time now .
from there , he had a clear view of simone , packing her things into the trunk of a black 2028 sedan .
simone slammed the trunk , then opened the back drivers side door , allowing the gleaming , orb shaped drone , to enter and hover over the backseat .
phaelon sat in the pilots seat with mordan to his right while tarrek buckled himself up in the back , directly across from the trunk containing the prince .
just as the trunk was unlocked , warning signals began to go off on the command console indicating multiple system failures on the transport lord damons parting gift and his way of tying up loose ends as he promised malik he would .
brynna scooped penny up and walked around to the back of the car where the trunk was open .
he pulled out a gun from the trunk .
gresham crawled back to the drivers door of the huvr and popped open the trunk for zurra .
matt gave her a kiss and then took the stone to his car and hid it in the trunk under the spare tire .
after he was finished with that , he took the dreamstone back to his car and locked it in the trunk .
a moment later the mp discovered the fake dreamstone in the trunk and then radioed his buddies to come back .
matt waited for several minutes to make sure they were nt coming back and then snuck over to his car and opened the trunk .
only the crab 's bony little head and shoulders were visible ; presumably poor barns was slumped down in the front or laid out horizontally in the back seat or trunk .
i even took the grill for a couple of test rides in the trunk of my own car to verify the hypothesis , with negative results .
the wheels reminded him of those cheap , nearly useless emergency spare tires that had been put in the trunks of unsuspecting new car buyers for the last couple of decades .
kalen said and they both started off towards the central trunk corridor .
they swam through the chute as it rapidly pulled them towards the central core of the ship , and ryo reached out and pulled himself to a stop at the main trunk exit , followed by kalen only seconds later .
all of her tasks had always been in the main trunk of the ship .
we have to isolate everything and begin to stop the fires before they hit main trunk lines .
when joey pulled the wheelchair from the trunk , tears began to fall from her eyes and i went to her and picked her up .
he kept apologizing , but when i showed him what was in the box in the trunk , his eyes grew bigger and worried .
when she got out , she grabbed nanas walker from the trunk .
i climbed out of the car , took hold of her rucksack , quite a heavy one for a girl , and put it into the trunk .
i fetched her rucksack from the trunk .
i ended up spending my time watching online videos on one of my phones and performing physic alchemy on lead pellets i kept in a sealed bucket in the trunk for exactly such an occasion .
he lifts the rifle over the trunk of the car and blind - fires three or four rounds .
there are weapons and supplies in the trunk space .
with the thundering hooves growing louder and louder , jack reached the small car and heaved up on its partially closed trunk lid .
inside the trunk were bits and pieces of blackened clothing and a melted tire that smelled worse than death , but there was no time now to find an alternative .
more or less rolling into the trunk , jack reached up to grasp the underside of its lid and pulled it down until it was nearly sealed .
chapter eleven laying in the trunk of the small car with something pressing uncomfortably into his ribs , jack listened as the thrumming beats of the horses shoed feet grew near .
in the darkness of the trunk , jack shook his head .
feeling sick to his stomach , remembering the riders steely eyes , jack braced himself to kick out at the rider as soon as the trunk came open .
cautiously , he pushed the trunk lid open .
black stains on the grey marble floor lined the body particularly around the trunk .
i could nt be sure , but i did nt remember seeing the massive dent in the rear quarter panel , nor could i remember there being bloody handprints all over the trunk .
well , that explained the blood on the trunk and the dent in the caddy .
the trunk of her audi opened as she approached .
on the dash , through the tint , the signature red blinking of a cobra ii alarm , a simple system that was attached to the stereo and would use the speakers to make a stink if the doors or trunk were opened without a key .
you just get this fucker in the trunk , clyde replied through gritted teeth , smiling and waiting for the audi to leave .
open the fucking trunk , jorge told the bodyguard , ignoring clydes question .
you re getting in the trunk .
into the trunk he went .
with simons and the bodyguard both stowed away in the cars trunks , jorge led the way in the bmw , and clyde followed in flips car .
the bodyguard was kicking the inner wall of the trunk .
i slammed the trunk closed , and jorge fell over in pantomimed laughter .
with the exception of the old guy in the trunk of my car , every single name on this list is dead , all in one week .
i stumbled down the steps , and flip opened the door on the mercedes , grabbed the bags from me , and dropped them in the trunk .
* * * out in the parking lot , i watched as two men struggled to transfer jorge into the mercedes , then folded and loaded the wheelchair into the trunk .
i opened the trunk , and jessica watched as i unfolded the wheelchair .
for now , she would leave her luggage in the back seat and the trunk and enjoy the feeling of coming home .
when he opened the trunk lid they discovered that they could put the picnic basket on the trunk floor .
when he opened the trunk lid they discovered that they could put the picnic basket on the trunk floor .
before getting in herself , she walked around to the trunk , keyed it open and for the tenth time , gazed at the hodge - podge of suitcases packed tightly inside there .
she slammed the trunk lid down .
we tied a cerulean ribbonher favorite coloraround the trunk .
after paying his fare , ben lugged his suitcase from the trunk up to the revolving glass doors .
i was feeling stir crazy after the first ten days of the trip and had to sedate myself by using sleeping pills from the medical trunk to keep from doing something stupid .
i have a sat - radio in the trunk though .
it should be able to run for ten , fifteen hours if we can pop the circuit breaker in the trunk and trigger the ignition .
tell him to put them in the trunk , she said .
the four of us walked around to the trunk , where annalise pulled it open and started hoisting the bags out .
i placed all of my belongings into the trunk and went to the drivers side door .
cherry helped him stuff the two wounded thugs including the severed hand in the trunk .
we do n't want to be pulled over with everything we ' ve got in the back and in the trunk . ''
cherry grabbed the hand and tossed it to its owner , but left the blaster in the trunk .
weapons , money and any comm units went into the trunk after being checked to find out anything about the goons .
stepping to the trunk , he pulled a tail light wire enough to be able to strip a small section .
josh said , ` ` we need to get the stuff out of the trunk of that vehicle .
as the trunk lid yawns open , i see nothing but carpet inside .
blake and robbie load our packs into the trunk .
the mystic tucked the bodies into the trunk .
muttering under his breath , ` ` damn rental car , '' he returned to the front ; retrieved the keys , and unlocked the trunk to search for the spare he hoped was there .
` ` open the damn trunk , '' bobby said .
i ai n't dead , and they ca n't put me in the friggin ' trunk .
joe tried to scream , i ai n't dead , and you ca n't put me in the trunk ! ... i ' m claustrophobic , i ca n't stand tight places !
he pleaded as the trunk lid slammed home .
kion opened the trunk and threw the two overnight bags they carried into the compartment .
the whole trunk space was no more than six cubic cubits .
he pushed a button to unlock the trunk .
he reached in the trunk and gave kimbra her bag .
the trunk is leaking water , badly . ''
the driver took their bags of goods , slipped them in the trunk and got back in the front .
the man ushered me into the waiting car , putting my suitcase in the trunk .
another hotel employee walked over from the front desk and helped him retrieve the pieces from the floating skid and put them in the trunk .
nathan had invited toni to stay for a few days and before suella could object , she retrieved a portable air cot from the tiny trunk of her vehicle .
some enterprising brits sold t - shirts out of the trunk of a rental car , and the most popular one with the media buzzards was the one that read : i came all the way to baldenbird and all i got was this lousy t - shirt !
he put the beer down inside the trunk and lit a cigarette after tapping the pack briefly .
outside the store , he loaded his groceries into the tiny trunk of the mg as a hot dry wind swept the parking lot , sending ash and smoke along the blacktop .
in their yawning trunks i could see , like a dismembered baby , the tuner , the amp , the pre - amp , shoved any which way , and box after box of cds and vinyls .
raymond had sixty million dollars in the trunk .
he reached into the trunk and pulled out a stainless steel briefcase , which he opened .
turning back to the trunk , he finished explaining the revised plan .
as they moved to within a half mile of the trunk , the disconcerting chaos caused by the rush of terrified citizens had diminished but a few people still occupied several of the buildings and transit systems .
the man with the assault rifle put his weapon on the trunk lid then pulled off his poncho .
once inside the greyhound aircraft , carmen opened the ramp for long enough to bring in the unconscious calf then put it on the trunk of their car .
carmen backed in the betty with the calf tied across the trunk lid .
proteus , you go clean out the shuttle trunk .
proteus gently laid erik down in the trunk of the shuttle and adjusted him so that he was not lying awkwardly .
he had reached the remarkable tally of nine before a police car ran a red light and smashed into ratfords car , only to discover a dead , well dressed teenage boy in his trunk .
he had nt even taken the time to get his bag from the trunk , and while it occurred to him that the time travel device was currently unattended , even that did nt give him motivation enough to stand again .
he opened the trunk and retrieved the time device , stuffing it into the leg pocket of his cargo pants , then pulled out his laptop bag .
while he fidgeted with his bag , erica pulled abbys tablet out of the trunk .
interesting , he said , then got out and retrieved two large binders from the trunk .
of course he would definitely not give her the explosives intended for running bear that were in the trunk of his car .
his trunk was empty and the explosives were gone .
she or someone with her stole a hundred pounds of high explosive devices from the trunk of my car while i was in the diner .
on the fourth day , i smuggle her out of the safe house and into the trunk of maes car .
he patted the trunk and walked around to the rear , sliding a little down the embankment toward the creek .
` ` a thousand pounds traveling at eighty miles an hour builds up force equal to- '' ` ` that 's a thousand pounds , '' arctor put in , ` ` with the passengers in it and with a full tank of gas and a big carton of bricks in the trunk . ''
` ` what about one six - hundred - pound box of gold in the trunk ? ''
the trunk door lifted upward as they approached and charlie norbert took morrison 's suitcase .
he swung it into the trunk and closed the door .
willis opened the trunk and got stung to death by about twenty thousand bees who had somehow swarmed into the limo in the time it took her to walk up to the door and back . ''
i heard her pop open the trunk and slam it again .
she opened the trunk and drew out a sheathed rapier - a real one , not one of those skinny car - antenna swords most people think of when they hear the word .
he was too nervous to ride around alone , especially with the police hunting for what was in his trunk .
they had the fireworks already in place , rockets stuck into the gravel , flares and sparklers divided into separate boxes , all of it covered with a tarp from jonathan 's trunk .
she opened a case in the trunk and slipped several objects into her pockets .
i dug out a worn but mostly clean blanket that i kept in the trunk to cover the short - barreled shotgun i stored in the event that i would ever need to give napoleon 's charging hordes a taste of the grape .
` ` before you go ... would you mind if i , uh , helped butters out by getting his polka contraption loaded up into your trunk ? ''
thomas put the shotgun down and opened his trunk .
he dropped off the sack in the front - end trunk of the vw , nodded at me , and said , ` ` about time i got my old self out of here anyway , i think .
your polka suit is still in the beetle 's trunk , right ? ''
i drew the shotgun out of the car 's trunk and flicked off the safety as i chambered a round .
at the beetle , i stopped to open the trunk and put the shotgun back in it , after taking the shell from the chamber and making sure the safety was on .
the driver opened the trunk and drew out a hanger covered with a dry - cleaning bag .
he squirmed around , saw nothing in the back seat of the hovercar ; he leaped out , hurried to the trunk compartment , unlocked and opened it .
or maybe through the trunk .
i went around to the back of the land cruiser , and popped the trunk .
` ` if it was any other dog , i 'd make him ride in the trunk . ''
she gave me an arch look as she pulled out and said , ` ` you 'd fit in the trunk , too , harry . ''
she panicked , tucking the sketchpad away in her trunk .
the gunslinger dropped a hand to his left hip as he turned toward the street , an old habit that paid no comfort this time ; both revolvers were in die trunk of cullum 's galaxie , wrapped in their cartridge belts .
eddie opened the ford 's trunk and brought roland his gun .
when he finished dialing , he heard a series of mechanical clicks , and then a low hum , which meant , he knew , that the call was being fed into one of the scrambled trunk lines .
3 andrew left the motor running so she could have the benefit of the heater , then went around to the trunk .
andrew lifted the bags out of the trunk and handed them to howard , who asked in a low voice : ` ` is she all right ? ''
` ` say you put me on in some trunk .
he got out and removed the tarps and chains from the bumper , putting them in the trunk .
i heard the trunk slam .
but then daddy yelled something , and we all got in the limo , dragging the suitcases in behind us instead of opening the trunk .
at the same moment , the van 's high , blunt front end crashes into the rear of the lumina , splintering the taillights , snapping the bumper and crimping the trunk .
as the trunk latch lets go and the lid flies up , disclosing a spare tire , some old newspapers , and an orange styrofoam cooler .
before he closed the trunk , he gave richards a large revolver .
` ` they open the trunk to poke around .
it sounded as if the cop ( or was it the government guard that did this , richards wondered half coherently ) was about to crawl right into the trunk with him .
he wondered if the cop would hose him with machine - gun bullets when he opened the trunk and saw richards lying here like a curled - up salamander .
i ' m going to sneeze my goddam head off but it 's pointblank and i can still put that bullet right through his squash and- ` ` what 's in the trunk , mister ? ''
the trunk lid popped up , letting in dim garage light .
` ` that 's in the trunk .
richards opened the rear door and popped the trunk to get the black satchel inside .
as a bullet smashed a hole in the trunk .
then she found herself staring at slattery as he handed her the suitcase from the trunk .
quickly he explained that he was just leaving , he had only just placed the last carton of carlotta 's personal possessions in the trunk of his car .
for a moment he could n't believe what he saw - both front tires were gone off the old sedan , and the trunk was popped , and that was his goddamned jack under the front bumper .
melissa only kept it in the trunk to change tires .
she went around to the trunk and popped it open .
she drew out the medical toolbox and cooler from her trunk and held them up .
he turned to morgan and picked up the wheelchair the wounded warden sat in with about as much effort as i 'd use to move a sack of groceries from the cart into my car 's trunk .
in actuality , he had been too pizzled on papapot to get the trunk of his hovercar open .
maybe i ' ve got my old kodak in the trunk . '
in the trunk of our car .
the trunk hit the street .
the doorman carried my suitcase out and stuffed it in the trunk of the cab ; i tipped him a couple of dollars and a moment later the cab shot out into the surprisingly dense traffic .
i looked at the trunk and under the hood next .
i did n't find anything that resembled a bomb or looked dangerous , unless you counted the half - eaten taco bell burrito that had somehow gotten tossed into the trunk about six months ago .
strapped on the roof was a complicated - looking racing bicycle ; poking out of the half - open trunk was a wheelchair .
eddie set susannah down and bent to examine the rig holding the chair in the trunk .
then he drew the wheelchair out of the trunk , examined it , unfolded it , and engaged the support which ran across the back at seat - level .
in the privacy of her garage , while ollie looked on , she stocked the trunk of her car with a shovel , a spade , a dry - cell flashlight and a pair of work gloves .
she dumped the plastic bags in her trunk .
robbie made a pointed effort not to inspect the various backpacks and duffel bags the boys threw into the trunk of the battered taurus .
his brother hauled his luggage out of the convertible 's trunk , slammed the lid , but kept his palm on the chrome bumper .
the hidden button popped open the trunk .
he dared not attempt to free his bound son from the trunk in such a public space .
he swung the briefcase onto the trunk and ran a hand over the rich leather surface .
it made no sense , and the man proved to be a nuisance , caught one day tapping into a surface broadcast trunk , wired to his prosthetic cuff .
there had to be a communication trunk feeding into this room .
gray hurried to the firebird , threw the priceless plate in the trunk , and got behind the wheel .
doors , hood , and a trunk that opened and closed .
` ` in the trunk of our rental car , '' seth said .
the driver , a well - dressed middle eastern man , loaded their suitcases into the trunk and then held the door as they entered the vehicle .
there should just be room for the suitcases in the trunk , she said .
dad handed kendra 's duffel bag to vanessa and then loaded the suitcases into the trunk .
dale skidded to a stop on the four - wheeler , leapt off , and helped vanessa take the suitcases out of the trunk .
` ` please have one of your men get down my trunk . ''
instead , another mechanical sound followed by a whoosh of air escaping some sort of airlock sent a puff of rusty dust up from the trunk of a large sedan .
we were all wondering what was in the trunk , i think .
the brake pedal opened the trunk .
i watched the cab pull into the circle and waited for the bell hop to put my bag in the trunk and open the door for me to slide in .
chapter 25 ( joels pov ) i threw the final bag into the trunk and looked around the empty dark alley .
stacys mother looked up from throwing suitcases and bags out of the trunk of the rented van and onto the pavement in front of the factory .
keeping her beside him and in his peripheral vision , the officer sifted through the contents of the trunk : spare tire , jack , lug wrench just normal stuff .
i helped my mother load the rest of the groceries and then put them in the trunk after she had paid .
i ve got a couple blankets in the trunk , and some candy bars and water bottles in the back .
she led him to her car and took out a bag from the trunk .
we closed the trunk , and charles walked over to mr . kaiser , as i stood there watching the planes and listening to the roar of engines .
birdsong laughed , even though the joke was nt that funny , and opened his car trunk , tucking the basket inside .
on second thought , hop in the trunk for me .
he was explaining how the gear shift and the clutch worked when alec came up and let himself into the back after depositing a shovel and garbage bag into the trunk .
there s something embedded in your trunk , venk hastily amended .
or maybe he s locked inside the trunk of some black sedan death trap .
when we had everything in the trunk , mom gave nathan the directions to the cabin , which was a few miles past town , and this time , he led the way .
sarah would have killed for her leather coat , but it was locked in the trunk of her jeep , along with all the other stuff that would have been useful , like her swiss army knife and jack .
* * * on tuesday morning , danni loaded all the posters and a roll of packing tape into the trunk of her car .
just as danni leaned into her trunk to retrieve the signs , marcys mom pulled up alongside .
i unstrap the sheaths from my back and hang my blades in the trunk , taking extra care removing the rosary .
i grab my peacoat and backpack from the trunk too , but do n't put them on .
at his nod , i gesture to the empty side of the trunk .
i climb back to my feet , closing and locking the trunk .
she slipped it inside the trunks lock .
she began quickly sorting through the notebooks in the trunk , focusing on the more modern , pastel - coloured ones .
before heading out on foot , i searched the trunk of the car for any supplies that i might need .
in the trunk , i found a pair of needle - nosed pliers , a crowbar , and a tire iron .
the stack rolled over the cruiser and down the trunk .
he threw the lightning gun into the cruisers trunk and sat on the bumper next to shotgun .
the trunk key was too big , but with something long and pointy , he might be able to pry it open .
dylan hops out and grabs his cooler from the trunk .
i throw my bags into the trunk , put on my shades , open the sunroof , and head home .
hey , boy , i say as i rub his ears , i pop the trunk and grab my bag .
she prayed , as the blade thunked a third time into the trunk , that screwdriver had been practicing hard .
would you like to come along with me the peaceful way or do you want me to drag you out of this hotel and into the trunk of the car .
daring to peek again , i turned my head ever so slightly so i could see around the trunk .
probably was nt the best place to leave it , so i knew i d have to remember to put it back near the trunk when it cooled completely .
i could nt see the speedometer from the backseat , which i shared with johnny b and his little cooler stuffed with sandwiches , sodas , and fruit that he insisted on keeping on his lap , instead of in the cars trunk , just in case he got hungry along the way .
opening the trunk , i slid on my backpack then began loading myself down with duffle bags .
she reached back inside the trunk , pulling out the most amazing bow i had ever seen .
a pasty looking guy comes back out with him , struggling with a box full of food he loads into the cars trunk .
bring your stuff kid , he says , and bring whatever you can out of the trunk .
opening the trunk , he takes out a wire , twists it into shape as he stands by the drivers door of the other car .
he lifts the trunk liner , and there , along with the spare tire , is a small emergency kit - blankets , stale granola bars , road flares , a hand - cranked radio and flashlight , and a bag of kitty litter .
well have to hide him in the trunk when we get to the border , she says , unnecessarily .
i smile , faintly , but i can tell it does nt mean anything to him other than he has to get in the trunk .
when they saw her , tanner climbed out and threw the bag in the trunk .
noah peeked around the trunk , waiting for the goons to depart , and when they finally did , he and jimmy ran across the dark meadow with their hearts in their throats .
he slipped over to the trunk of austins car , where our friends were applying a couple of more layers , and he came back with a pair of leather gloves .
by the time i returned from my walk , my family was loading the last few bags into the trunk of our suburban .
he just heads to his caror jamies carthrowing his bag into the trunk before slamming the drivers side door and speeding from the lot like a bat out of hell .
we arrive at the car , an suv similar to hilarys back in washington , only in red , and i help grandpa load the bags into the trunk .
the license was a sore subject , but it linked to the greater crime of the stolen merchandise in the trunk when he was surrounded and stopped by nine squad cars .
he grabbed my green suitcase , the carry - on off my shoulder , and put them in the trunk .
as renaldo slammed the trunk , i exited the cab .
we have prasad in the trunk for after we 're done , she announced , so i hope everyone 's hungry .
put the cop in my trunk , she told him .
once don was inside the trunk , ingrid instructed barry ( she thought ) to dump the other goon 's body along with the cop car .
shirena 's parents gave me a blanket from their trunk to curl up in .
they grab my purple luggage out of the trunk .
raising a boot to the trunk lid , he let it slam shut .
to start , the man in the trunk was not actually whyl .
* book 3 : the lovers shadow and the lie * * * * * who is the man locked in the trunk ?
mama is rummaging through the trunk for the first aid kit .
you got trash in your front trunk , crap under the drivers seat and i think there s a mouldy sandwich .
for six months , i spent more time in that trunk than anyone else until our home mother finally found out what was happening .
the day after i moved in with my new family , the home mom was nt around , so those vicious attackers locked brian in the trunk .
he also had a computer in his trunk , but that part he did nt know about .
i lifted up the carpet that covered the bottom of the trunk and the spare tire compartment and picked up my katana and slid it out of the sheath .
just a second , i said and walked to my car and grabbed my katana out of the trunk .
jason walked back to shut the bay door behind us while max took several electric camping lanterns out of the trunk of jasons car .
with a slam of the trunk jason and max walked to the front of the car .
i examined the little electronic black square that dangled from the key chain and hit the button to pop the trunk .
jules pats the trunk next to her as he swings his leg around the bike and stands beside it , looking at her .
his face wipes clean , as if he pulled a screen down to cover his emotions , and he saunters over to the car and leans against the trunk next to her legs .
even as i thought this , the trunk popped open behind me .
he placed danika 's bag into the trunk and took the front seat next to tobias .
in the trunk was a bag full of money .
iris joined us as vincent finished loading the body into the trunk .
i could have left haruki in the trunk until the moon went dark .
it was almost easier getting him out of the car trunk than it was laying him neatly across the sofa .
two hours later , shopping bags stored in the trunk of pipers parents durango , we met back up with the guys at a city based pizza chain .
reluctantly , i tore my eyes away from the threat in front of me and bent over my seat so i could dig around in the trunk .
at this early hour , no one would be watching as they put her into his trunk .
sharon , pop the trunk .
when mom opened the trunk , grandma mary pulled both bags out .
i heard him open the trunk and put my suitcase in before going around to his side .
he got out and pulled a couple of blankets from his cars trunk , along with a picnic basket .
when i opened the trunk to get my stuff the snow fill up in the back quickly .
the yeti punched me again before he opened up the trunk and threw me in .
mygle was right there in the trunk with me .
i looked around the trunk trying to find something to get out of the back of the car .
i was like a pinball in the trunk , bouncing back and forth .
i climbed out of the trunk and stumble on a piece of the car .
davy ray sits his bee_hind inside the trunk as his legs drag on the barn flooring , while the atvs metal suspension groans in pain .
two rednecks sit in the forward seats and two more cuddle inside trunk compartment , which usually holds piles of chopped firework or light camping equipment as jungle cat laughter bounces off the ceiling back down to the eardrums as billy jack calls .
cinta lectures as the engine roars like a baby cub with the tiny 50 horsepower while garth slams the brakes discs which keeps the metal front brush guard from bending violently against the steady thick workmans tool box made of very heavy steel inside his trunk bed as garth literally sails like bird the machine into the air waves for1 second.2 seconds.over the steep angle of the tail gate parking the atv safely into the back .
he spins his body around collecting the make - shift pieces of long lumber with hands and biceps that he used as a vehicle ramp and carefully slides them down the sides of the trunk bed which will be used to unload the atv out his truck off the roadside for risa to sneak back home before her parents get to worried and send out a search party .
the closed and locked trunk of my charger holds my old but new white formal prom dress and a second red backpack with a pair of white sandals and a pack of pink lipstick since i do nt normally wear pink lipstick around class .
i feel more confident that my cars there and i will be making that intro of the twelfth grade harvest empress announcement as i slam open the door without stopping and gallop directly to the drivers seat then jerk open the door and manually pop the trunk hood which i had to look up inside the thick car manual since i only use the car electronic key to open the door and trunk .
i feel more confident that my cars there and i will be making that intro of the twelfth grade harvest empress announcement as i slam open the door without stopping and gallop directly to the drivers seat then jerk open the door and manually pop the trunk hood which i had to look up inside the thick car manual since i only use the car electronic key to open the door and trunk .
i press the hidden button under the left side of the drivers wall under the console as the trunk slowly opens then i race and grab the folded prom dress folding it twice over my left forearm to keep from tripping on it and busting my nose bridge as i lift the second red backpack from the side wall then slam the trunk hood shut .
i press the hidden button under the left side of the drivers wall under the console as the trunk slowly opens then i race and grab the folded prom dress folding it twice over my left forearm to keep from tripping on it and busting my nose bridge as i lift the second red backpack from the side wall then slam the trunk hood shut .
alex is in the drivers seat , waiting for me while i lift the slashed tire , jack , and wrench into the trunk .
i mean , you can fit , like , two bodies in the trunk , tops .
cora opens the hatchback trunk door and climbs in .
ruben gets out and opens the trunk door .
with their bags loaded in the trunk , they were just about to head out the airport and mac was reasonably content .
caitlyns words send me bolting down the stairs and out to my car to get my duffle bag and a white bag from the trunk .
i open the trunk and toss in my duffle bag , and then i lay the white dress across the backseat .
its what the english call the trunk of a car .
she opened the trunk and placed the rifle case inside , but as she went to remove her alternative close - range weapon option , mantis saw ruth driving slowly up the underground parking ramp on the other side of the street .
mantis slammed the trunk leaving all weapons inside it , slipped into the driver 's seat , and then drove south following ruth , who had , fortunately for mantis , turned south in the same direction mantis 's car faced .
finally , she realized that even if she wanted to exercise her last - resort choice , to perform a drive by shooting , she could not because all her weapons were in the trunk .
it was ironic that it was almost impossible to buy the weapons she needed in canada , yet she could drive across its border with whatever she needed stuffed into the car trunk .
she pulled the trunk lever and went to retrieve the sweater .
she found it quickly but before she closed the trunk , she decided to risk removing the uzi from its case , and to place it in the passenger 's seat beside her .
she dare not leave the vehicle to put it back in the trunk the cop might see her !
what ya gon na do with all that junk , all that junk inside your trunk ?
they were nt just weed pipes , erics 3 foot bong , kim bong - il , was in my trunk .
please put these in the trunk while i go get the rest of my stuff , she replied .
ava lugged the heavy cases into the trunk of kaceys sleek , red convertible .
she looked around at the crowded parking lot where cars were coming and going , and kids were packing their stuff in the trunks .
the sound and sense of movement gradually bring me back , and once my breathing subsides , i can hear the rumble of the wheels rolling beneath me and realize i am in the trunk of his car .
i think of nicole , lying in this very trunk , paralyzed but still alive , bleeding and broken , knowing she would n't escape , that i did n't come for her in time and grief overwhelms me with sharpness that exceeds any discomfort my body suffers .
groaning with effort , i pat my hands around , feeling the inside of the trunk for a weapon or way out .
he did n't give us a ticket , mainly because i think he recognized how incompetent mom was when it came to cars , but he explained that most cars have panels inside the trunk that hide the wiring for the lights and all we had to do was pull the bulb out through the panel and screw a new one in before reinserting the whole thing .
after an eternity , a brilliant stab of light pierces the gloom of the trunk and i am nearly blinded by the tiny bulb of the taillight .
seeing the finite space in the light does something to my breathing , as though my body is trying to shrink my lungs to fit and it takes me precious moments to regain control , to convince myself there is still air in the trunk .
pulling the book out , i put it on the trunk floor , thinking bitterly i managed to plant the evidence after all .
forcing myself to take deep , even breaths , i clench my hands into fists and shift around until i think i 'll be able to kick when the trunk opens .
the sound is slightly muted in the trunk , but there is no mistaking the banshee wail that slices through the rumbling of the tires , the groan of the road .
i can picture phillip sitting in the driver 's seat , confident i ' m unconscious or dead in the trunk , but perhaps there is a tinge of fear in those green eyes , a tightness to his sculpted lips , the taste of uncertainty on his tongue .
the trunk opens .
he immediately extends a hand and i grab it , using his weight as leverage to pull myself out of the trunk .
` ` officer , when i was in the trunk , i saw something in there ... i think it was a journal nicole had .
so , officer sowers here tells me you found something while you were hanging out in the trunk ? ''
` ` there 's old blood in the trunk .
chapter two : change max grunts as he pulls out his suitcase from the trunk of the car .
sara chewed her bottom lip and twirled her hair around her finger as she waited for him to get her wheelchair from the trunk .
framed by the light shining through the trunks , she was an angel .
as soon as i cut into the trunk , the right feeling was overwhelming .
opening the trunk , she looked inside and made a disappointed noise before shutting the lid again .
kacey helped them to pack their things into the trunk .
when i get out of my truck , i watch as van helps noah lug a big black bag out of his trunk .
i waited until she was bent over and sneaked out behind ned to disappear into the trunk room .
she started keeping a bottle of vodka in the trunk of her car and would pull into speedmart , get juice , and mix herself drinks right there in the console .
lit a cigarette , calvin still kept the windows up , so we rolled through town in a cloud of smoke with j - kwan booming out of the trunk .
when she picked me up at the gas station around eight , she already had a bottle of vodka in her trunk .
i grabbed my bags from the trunk , waved to haley as i fumbled with my keys and rushed up the stairs to my room .
chapter 14 clarintor watched as kroil and pete hoisted the body from the pool into the trunk , on top of the body of the cars driver .
they seemed to be searching for something to kill it with though i rather doubted if either of them had any daggone garden tools in the trunk of their cars .
lets throw most of your stuff in my trunk and we will get the hell out of here and eat at the first place we see on the interstate .
pete opens the trunk and jeff quickly digs the map out .
and it even sounds like most of their stuff is still in the trunk .
spider reached past him and pulled the antique prosthetic out of the trunk .
dude , he musta hid in the trunks , grady said .
i m going to train you how to use a pistol this afternoon , and a rifle and a couple of other things tomorrow , he says , throwing a small silver suitcase into the trunk of his car .
the doorman grabs our bags from the trunk .
he fumbled in the emergency kit his mom had insisted he keep in the trunk and took out a small led headlamp , which he slipped on and activated .
the good thing was , in the trunk , we found a small garden shovel .
with this thought , the reminder comes of why all this happens , and so as soon as i recover , i remove all those dangerous bungee cords and stuff them in the trunk quite roughly as if i was trying to take all of my anger out on these inanimate objects .
taylor placed his large backpack in the trunk , and i started the ignition .
i unlocked the trunk , and he removed the backpack and threw it over his shoulder .
i unlocked the trunk for him to remove his backpack .
he picked up his backpack , closed my trunk , and trailed off quickly into his house .
taylor carried my bags for me and placed them in the trunk .
echo opened the trunk for me and handed me the keys .
we drove to his other hotel and echo quickly walked inside , picked up his belongings , raced back out and placed his bags in the trunk .
he fished a can of carburetor cleaner from the trunk and gave the intake a few sprays .
her father stowed her bag in the trunk , and started the car , backing down the driveway as he pressed the garage door control .
mr . curran collected a suitcase from the trunk and they all followed after shelley .
she 'd moved to the trunk of the car , throwing me a gingerly smile .
i lingered on that last word , wanting to say more , but she turned and trotted back to the trunk of allison 's car , taking out her own black backpack and a brown trader joe 's shopping bag .
he put the suitcases in the trunk and sat behind the wheel .
all of her money was in one of the suitcases that the driver had just put in the trunk .
the taxi pulled to a stop and the driver got out and took the luggage from the trunk , placing it on the entrance stairs .
she got out and smudged her yellow dress , but instead of screaming like she wanted to do , kept her cool and pulled her husbands raincoat from the trunk .
i then advanced to the trunk where i stumbled upon a soccer ball and a couple of fold up lounge chairs .
he had a trunk load , and they featured arguello with all manner of congregation member and church associates , including one in a small silver frame that seemed , from my memory , identical to the one in hilario miguels office .
he pressed the button on his remote , opening the trunk of the car .
if you need to bust somebodys head , that hunka metal wo nt do you no good in the trunk of your car , his father had told him when jayson was just a teenager .
unfortunately for her , that companion , who s colombian , had several pounds of marijuana and a few handguns in the trunk of his car , so they re holding them both in a detention center under federal anti - terrorism statutes .
he popped the trunk .
she thanked her luck for the emergency bag she carried in her trunk , intended for unexpected nights away from home in far - flung parts of la , possibly in connection with well muscled actors if it came to that .
she parked at the nearest available spot in the tiny street , about thirty yards down , pulled her bag out of the trunk and walked back .
back at the garage she picked up her overnight bag from the trunk of her car and walked the six blocks to the bus terminal .
they got out , andrea pulling a heavy backpack from the trunk .
using the yellow gloves , dorian popped open the trunk .
andrea pulled a plastic bag out of the pack , and dropped it into the bentleys trunk .
it seemed the woman did nt disappear during the tour , but came to komarovo for some reason , where she was murdered and her body hidden in the trunk .
i did n't realize that buckshot would do that much damage but i managed to blow out the back glass and tear a hole in the trunk deck .
i helped her get her suitcase out of the trunk and hugged her good bye .
chapter 18 i got my bag and ms . givens bag out of the trunk and carried them inside .
* * * * * * michelle knew that she had been moved a long distance a day or two after her capture because she had vague memories of coming to once or twice lying in the trunk of a car .
first she was heavily drugged and placed in the trunk of a car again ; then she was allowed to regain consciousness at some sort of warehouse .
there s a blanket in the trunk we can throw over the bloody seats .
paul fell into telling their personal stories of survival , as the rest all broke out the food and water isaac took out of the trunk .
she loaded a few boxes in the trunk .
he grabbed his bags out of the trunk and gave the valet his keys .
when my uncle realized that my problem was only about pencils , he gave me screwdriver set with many trunks .
they picked yanus up off the floor and rolled him into the trunk .
the door whacked the side of the trunk with a crunch .
they hoisted it up , out of the car trunk , and set it on the ground behind the car .
i assume you got him in there , he said pointing toward the trunk .
they loaded it into the trunk of a big ford sedan .
he motioned to the open passenger side door , threw the tire wrench and jack in the trunk , and nearly ran to get in the drivers side door .
just leave her locked in the trunk of the ford , til we can dispose of her cleanly .
the other man popped the trunk open .
i should have put you in the trunk before i taped you up .
daniel slammed the trunk shut and turned off the lights .
i thought that when they tossed me in the trunk today , she said .
darlene pulled out her well stocked key chain , found the trunk key , and reached down to unlock the trunk .
darlene pulled out her well stocked key chain , found the trunk key , and reached down to unlock the trunk .
darlene stated firmly as the trunk popped open .
a single hand pulled shut the trunk lid .
the rental car was at the hughes housewith jenson in the trunk .
the taurus trunk was open and empty .
she unloaded a small duffle bag from the back seat and popped open the trunk lid .
they unloaded three large bags from the trunk .
jeremy loaded the bags in the trunk of the chevy .
several wire nails had been driven into the trunk .
val packed a bag and threw it in the trunk of his car , next to his camera case and binoculars .
had angie been in the wagoneers trunk for the last six or seven hours ?
val had weighed the pros and cons of asking if he could check the trunk for angie and decided against it .
let it be more than the heat inside the trunk , val hoped .
his companion carried the two shotguns and the boxes of cartridges out to their car and secured them in its trunk .
the chrysler 300 trunk lid opened to reveal two cases , a laptop bag and spotting scope .
this may be the day he d been patiently waiting fora day with no witnesses , no struggle , and a ride in the trunk of his car .
she opened the trunk , pulled on a black thermal hoodie and camouflage pants over her turtleneck and jeans .
she tossed her pumps in the trunk and put on a pair of socks , then her boots .
she threw the backpack over her shoulder , slammed the trunk , and then entered the field .
i need to get my briefcase out of the trunk .
its time to get you into the trunk , bitch .
she heard the slamming of the trunk lid and darkness claimed her .
it was very dark , but she realized she was in the trunk of agent smiths car .
why in the hell would a fbi agent put her in the trunk of his car ?
< > < > < > charles beatty opened the car trunk and peered inside .
he slammed the trunk lid , and before long the car was moving , and anne heard the road sounds again .
her body bumped around in the trunk until her teeth rattled .
clutching the container of pepper spray in hand , her body stiffened as she waited for the trunk lid to open .
she heard footsteps , and then heard the latch of the trunk lid as it twisted .
she got herself out of the trunk and tried to stand but her rubbery legs refused to hold her up and she dropped to the ground near beatty .
putting the bag into the trunk , we headed back to rockland .
he unlocked the trunk for me .
i rummage through the trunk for my sweatshirt and coat and put them on over the top of my wet stuff .
chesters eyes become as wide as light bulbs as i pull the antlers from the trunk of the van .
he shrugs and flashes a smile before placing our bags in the trunk .
koenitzs hand was bandaged and the gloves put on , milner changed from his policemans uniform to casuals from a suitcase in the hire car trunk , and then they walked a block to the city hall subway station .
there is one message from bobby , telling him he left his scuba diving and camping gear in the trunk of jake 's car .
he quickly gets into jake 's car , takes out bobby 's scuba gear and backpacks from the trunk .
some of the debris from the bridge and missile has hit the back of the car and the trunk catches fire .
i got my bags from the trunk and brought them in .
and sure enough they found traces of blood in the trunk .
double checking the trunk was locked he walked with jennie into the lobby .
he opened up the trunk , not too much room in here , he said laughing , but enough for this stuff .
he reached into the trunk and brought out a leather case .
i followed a few minutes later and in the dark of the side street outside i took a small backpack from the trunk of his embassy issue sedan ( yeah , great transport to a meet , huh ) and then headed off into the night to see if his sloppy tradecraft had compromised me .
it then went in the trunk of the bmw which i planned on driving back into greece to turn in to the rental agency .
the rear door opened from the inside , something to remember if you get shoved into a rear hatch or trunk of a modern passenger vehicle .
james asked around backstage if anyone had a black t - shirt he could borrow , and received an old heavy metal t - shirt from the trunk of frankie dices car .
joeys polo shirt and jeans were in the trunk of the car ; he was now dressed in a black suit with a white silk tie .
chapter fourteen the patrol car pulled up alongside the entrance to greyfield park , at which point we sought to abandon the vehicle , though only after jill retrieved her backpack and a shovel from the trunk .
go and use the bathroom in the hangar and ill unpack the trunk of your rental and get it parked for you , sir , joked preston , knowing what carlos immediately needed .
he unlocked the trunk and grunted , reassured to see that his orders had been followed .
i saw the explosives in their trunk .
he went to the trunk of the car and pulled out a three thousand dollar canon eos 7d digital slr camera and strapped it over his shoulder .
he put it in the trunk .
why , they re sleeping in the trunk .
also , a lot of really neat equipment in the trunk of his car .
` ` just ... '' ` ` tell you what , '' tom reassured , ` ` i 'll stick him in the trunk ready . ''
tom , out back , struggling to get him into the trunk .
the slamming of the trunk seemed like a distant memory , or it would have if the body had been capable of storing data .
tom 's trunk was dark , and probably smelled of damp , the body figured .
but someone had fucked with him now , fucked with him so hard he was lying dead in the trunk of an oldsmobile .
but then the engine had stopped , the weight of the vehicle shifting as its driver got out , leaving the body in the static darkness of the trunk to just wait , mindless and unafraid of the burial that awaited it .
no husband , no children , a near empty bank account , only enough possessions to fit in the trunk of a car , but no car to put them in .
he put his bag in the trunk , got inside and started the car , summoned the rag - top by the push of a button , powered the seat - heaters , and jacked the climate control up to eighty - degrees on both sides .
headlights checked ( thoroughly ) , carpet sucked clean , trunk would nt open so i oiled it up and pried my way in and my how she screamed .
the strange thing about this is that we found this information in the trunk of the deans car .
jack opened the trunk and got out his umbrella , beach chair , and a lunchbox - sized ice chest .
only after all of the paperwork was secured in the trunk of my car , did we call the santa monica police to report the break - in .
it sounded good , cooling off in the water , bodysurfing a few waves , but usually i liked to play my games first so i did nt have to play later in wet trunks .
doug williams was loading his umbrella and beach chair into the trunk of his car , calling it a day .
jake helped me drag the squirming bodies out of the foyer and dump them into the trunk of the cutlass , which was large enough for the two russians to fit with room to spare .
an unexplained pang of sympathy entered my mind as i looked down at them , claustrophobically bound in the trunk .
i unloaded my bag and snowboard equipment from the trunk and hauled it up the front steps and into the lobby .
we each grabbed our luggage from the trunk and wheeled them up to the front door of the hotel - sized house .
the morning chill did not compare to what i saw in the trunk .
two m107 sniper rifles with infrared scopes , front - mounted bipods , and matte - black flash suppressors menaced the trunk .
he reached in and pulled one from the trunk .
asked raja , loading her bags into the trunk .
crap , he s sealing the trunk .
no , but the trunk is small , could nt be bigger than a midsize car .
he just slammed the trunk closed .
feeling for the lever that would open the trunk from the inside , she found duct tape covering the switch , a simple but effective way of disabling the escape route .
jerry muttered , as she felt every inch of space she could reach inside the trunk , searching for anything she could use to break through the tape .
the trunk was clean .
jerry gushed as she unfolded herself from the trunk .
the emotion shed kept neatly in place , during the ride in the trunk , and during the ordeal with jonathan , was now beginning to spiral out of control .
sergio had an m-16 and plenty of ammo in the trunk to deal with grizzlies if it came to that .
once they were dry he put them in the trunk of his mercedes along with his rifle , pistol and ammunition and early the next morning he headed for the desert .
when he got ready to leave he gathered up his targets and put everything in the trunk of his car and headed back to visalia .
when he opened the trunk of his mercedes the target shooting boards where still there and michael said , hey grandpa , what s this ?
as he threw his duffel bag in the trunk he said , lets get out of here grandpa ; i m ready to go home .
he purchased a professional metal detector as another decoy and placed it in the trunk , along with an entrenching shovel .
if he got pulled over by law enforcement and they looked in his trunk they would just think it was for digging up hidden treasures .
he left the trunk open just a little where he could quickly hide his rifle once he was finished killing the leader .
he did nt wait to see if he had killed the leader , he immediately grabbed the discharged cartridge and put his rife in the trunk .
he transferred the c-4 and detonators from his mercedes to the camry trunk .
that afternoon he carried the uniform , sprayer , and pesticide from the motor home and put it in the trunk of his mercedes .
he got everything he needed from the trunk and put it in the van .
he waited until dark then took off his muslim disguise and stuck it in the car trunk .
doug jumped up and glanced inside his trunk to make sure everything was hidden before the trooper approached his car .
he put the helicopter and the phone detonator in the trunk .
he also took an i.e.d . , phone detonator , entrenching shovel and put them in his black bag in the trunk .
he put the car in the trunk , along with the controller and his extra phone .
he got the car and phone out of the trunk and made sure that no one was watching as he found a place in the abandoned building to hide for the rest of the day .
when doug got within a few miles of the camp main entrance he pulled over , let the air out of his left back tire , and raised the trunk lid .
the driver said he would fix it for him if he had a spare tire in the trunk .
the driver got out of his car and went over to dougs car and looked in the trunk .
my awareness of time and place was confused , on a slow burn , the air around me fogged by the stifling heat in the trunk of the car .
locked in the trunk of that car i started to count small blessings .
a viscous film covering every surface in the trunk started to creep inside my mouth .
i winced involuntarily , hitting my head on the box section of the trunk lid .
pinpricks of gas , of scorched exhaust , steamed into the trunk as the eddying airflow beneath the car twisted and spun .
we bumped across a kerb , the violence of the manoeuvre crashing my head against the trunk lid yet again .
the trunk space filled with a fine storm of dry particles kicked - up by the rear wheels and i started to choke again .
the trunk lid was wide open .
once out of the trunk my legs buckled underneath me and i fell down on all fours , panting , gasping for breath , able to squint now at the boots of my captors .
i tried to pick at the frame of the grill so that i could steal a stray beam of light from the bulb in the corridor , but all that i did was aggravate the pin prick wound in my finger from the bullet hole in the trunk of the car that had brought me here .
unlike my previous trip in the trunk of the car , where i had some space in which to flex , this box was only just big enough to hold me .
she would fit in the trunk .
there s something i wan na get out of the trunk .
steve pretended to be looking for something in the trunk and grabbed the tire tool he turned around with it in his hand and quickly hit robbie in the side of the head as hard as he could .
when you find the car , you ll also find robbie stuffed in the trunk .
i pull the trunk release and find the tire iron but about the same time hands pull me away from the car !
if i were the attacker i could have thrown you in the trunk , stolen the car and done who knows what with you !
she propped herself on an elbow , i do n't know honestly , she thought out loud , but if you are , then i can say that i am , one heated exchanged , their bodies intertwined , and he heard the pop , as he took away her innocence , he watched the blood run down the inside of her thigh , then he felt it , as her heart stopped beating , he did n't mean to , he let go of her throat , passion had made him unaware , he tried to revive her , but no such luck , he began to panic , he needed to get rid of the body , he would go down for the murder , regardless of accidents , he loaded the body , in the trunk , and drove down the beach , he found the abandoned cliff , he backed up , pumped the engine , and sped toward the bank , he rolled out just in time , to watch the car , go over the side , he watched it sink slowly , out of sight , his heart raced , and he knew it was wrong , but it was the only way , 15 years later ...
i was glad i tucked the roll of frist concrete bids into the gingerbread house , safely ensconced in the trunk as we got back onto i-87 .
i popped the trunk as annette wiggled her sleepy limbs .
with the hatch up , i stepped back to let him put it down safely on the floor of the trunk .
grabbing my cordless screwdriver from the tool box i keep in the trunk of my trusty yellow bug , i had the mailbox righted in less than a minute .
come monday morning , with annettes toyota corolla packed with as many of her belongings as i could cram into its interior and trunk , i collected her at the hospital for the journey to black forest farm .
ill just drag her off the balcony into my trunk .
once outside , she took off her shoes , lifted her dress and ran to where shed left the car , with her own body on ice in the trunk .
after checking for dents , i checked the trunk to make sure all the equipment was there .
the other officer was retrieving items to be used in the search from his trunk of his car .
he pulled his gaze away from her breasts and opened the trunk of the car to take out the basket .
* * * in the bmw 's trunk was a locked , dark gray samsonite briefcase for a man named adolfo .
clendon took the briefcase from the trunk and carried it in his sore right hand .
clendon secured the dark gray briefcase in the trunk and slid into the driver 's seat .
they showed clendon as he got out of the bmw , opened the trunk , carried the briefcase to the house , and stood at the door ringing the buzzer .
another photograph showed clendon coming out with the other briefcase , the next showed him putting that briefcase in the trunk , and the final one had him driving away .
mr . eddington opened the trunk of the limousine and reached inside .
he put the car key in the trunk lock when a loud footstep scraped the concrete .
the pain in his knee was finally easing , so he limped over to the bmw , unlocked the trunk , put the briefcase in it , and closed the trunk lid .
the pain in his knee was finally easing , so he limped over to the bmw , unlocked the trunk , put the briefcase in it , and closed the trunk lid .
before clendon opened the trunk , he looked around , but the street was vacant .
they locked the bag in the volvos trunk , then drove both cars to westwood and waited until dark to drop the briefcase and call .
she got out , opened the trunk , took out a long - shafted screwdriver , got back in , and handed it to clendon .
they took two shovels , a sledgehammer , and one small flashlight out the trunk .
the money rested in the volvo 's trunk , inside a large parachute luggage bag .
shelley opened the volvo 's trunk .
he stood and puffed on it for a few minutes , then tossed it away and went back to the trunk of the car .
the trunk lid obstructed johnnys view but when jones closed the lid , he picked up a plastic jug from behind the car and started down the road toward the house .
i hurried on down here and saw him when he took the jug of kerosene out of the trunk of the car .
he dumped her in the trunk and jumped smoothly into the drivers seat unaware the girls father happened to be next door looking out a window at a kicking , struggling blonde haired girl that looked very similar to his daughter .
however the girl in the spacious trunk was wide awake .
russell prewl could feel his right shoulder burning he got up and headed slowly towards the back of the cadillac he inserted the key and popped the trunk .
the taxi driver held the door open for him , and closed it behind , taking mitchells pathetic remnant of a case with exaggerated care and moving to the back of the vehicle to drop it in the opened trunk .
taking out his dark brown suitcase out of the trunk , he stretches the handle and heads to the shuttle pick up for passengers heading to the terminal .
the driver was persistent , holding the trunk open as kurt dumped in his panniers .
he grabbed around inside the car , but did n't have enough sense to think seth might have put the priceless briefcase full of stolen nazi art in the trunk .
seth and nina approached the cab 's popped trunk .
nina put her carry - on in the compartment and seth decided to give the briefcase a rest from his iron fist by putting it in the security of the trunk .
immediately after shutting the trunk , the cab driver gunned the accelerator , his car at first lurching off of the curb but once the rubber took hold on the road it sped away .
his chest heaved as he sucked in air , both in physical exertion and the anxiety that he was watching a half a million dollars speed away from him in the trunk of a yellow cab .
the cab driver , julio and the doorman were getting the bags out of the cab 's trunk .
` ` in the trunk , '' robbie thought for a couple of moments .
matteo opened the trunk and gave a black bag to marco who bore it to bartensteingasse 9 , the entrance of the city hall offices .
one of mcteague 's men followed carrying several suitcases and bags which he loaded into the audi a5 's trunk .
we shook and his men stepped back but , like a pack of wild beasts , they circled around us until wheelan ordered riordan to fetch claire 's bags from out of the trunk .
perhaps he should put it into the ford mondeo , but if he put it all in the trunk of the car , the damn thing would be off the front wheels .
he left his gear in the trunk of the car , and wandered down to street level , with his map of chester .
i hung up the phone and opened the trunk to get my bags out to take them in the house .
the jefferson deputy slammed the trunk of the patrol car down with the guns safely lodged inside and rested his palms against the lid as he carefully contemplated his next question .
then could you tell me what the hell you were doing to my coffeemaker this morning , and why its currently sitting in the trunk of my car ?
jessica reached elis car , slammed the coffee carrier on the trunk .
jessica popped the trunk and went around back , keeping a close eye on all surrounding vehicles .
he opened and looked in the trunk .
took them from the trunk of sabrinas car .
they ll have to climb out the trunk , if they can get it open .
he tossed the boot inside then quietly closed the trunk .
he rushed around to the trunk of his car and looked around the neighborhood .
he quietly closed the trunk jesse rushed to the side of his garage with the grocery bag .
he walked over and opened up the trunk .
he slammed the old tire into the trunk .
he picked up the car jack and slammed it into the trunk .
legend had it that ernest hemingway carved his name into the trunk along with the first five words of a never published novel .
the butler ushered william into the house as his driver grabbed the bags from the trunk and piled them in front of the door .
after grabbing all the notes and records he felt he needed , and stashing them in the trunk of his car , he resorted to the time - tested and always successful remedy : fire .
` ` search away , trunk first ? ''
said salucci as he used his electronic key to unlock all four doors and the trunk .
rick knew he d head for the trunk and sadly salucci did nt disappoint him .
forget it she thought , as she got her gear from the trunk .
she tossed her tennis shoes into the trunk and skated toward the beach .
daniel saw him coming and reached over to the drivers seat to pull the trunk release .
he tossed in the suitcase , closed the trunk , and walked back toward the venetian .
all your things are in the trunk , nothing missing , so off you go .
bobby helped fran get her bag from the trunk .
frank entered the parking structure , walked to the cool cad , and opened the trunk .
frank took the holster and tossed it into the trunk .
after making sure the house was locked up bobby went out to his car and put the bag in the trunk .
pop the trunk bobby , said frank as he headed to the back of the car .
he grabbed his bag out of the trunk and walked toward the hangar .
evidently one of the drawbacks of the new mercedes is a lack of trunk space , must be easier to just park them up front .
sam threw his new clubs in the trunk before pounding the crates back together .
after loading the bags in the trunk , he transferred the gym bag with the three radios into the passenger seat .
claimed no knowledge of the guns in the trunk or on the bodies .
the doors flew open ; five large men exited the full sized sedan and approached the trunk .
people spilled out of the church to find the men pulling two teenagers out of the trunk .
the trunk was locked with a small padlock .
clare got the helmet out of the trunk and carried it to the bank .
clare continued , as i wrote you in my letter , i found the helmet in a trunk on the curb on large object trash pickup day .
she did nt want to drive the old valiant , but the drawback of having a truck was that it had no trunk so she could nt lock anything up invisibly in the back , and she did nt have , for instance , a locking toolbox in the back or even a truck cap .
with a good - natured sigh , he set his briefcase down and waved his hand in an open this gesture at the trunk .
my brief fling at feminism extinguished , i popped the trunk and commenced supervising the boss .
meanwhile , marshall had rolled a teeny tire the size of a cheerio from my trunk to the empty socket .
i searched the car , the glove box , the trunk , and the surrounding areas for the murder weapon , but i did not touch the baggie .
shaking his head in disgust , he popped the trunk , stowing the stinky baggie in the back .
ignoring her , i made for my car , tossed the magazine in the trunk , slammed it shut .
i grabbed my bag from the trunk and stalked into the house .
they just grabbed a girl off the streets and shoved her in the trunk .
they forced her in the trunk .
i popped the lock and opened the trunk .
it was a note from jessica stating that she left extras in the trunk for us in case we needed it .
we sipped a couple warm beers from the stash he always kept in the trunk of his car .
she asked , as naga loaded her suitcase into the trunk .
mr . browns smith and wesson was locked in his car trunk , because he knew that no one was allowed in with a weapon .
i clicked off the phone and went to a newspaper stand , where i bought a singles newspaper and used it to carefully pick up and wrap the animal , which i put into the trunk of my car .
i got out and opened my trunk and the man took the raven , newspaper and all , and put it into a white box with biohazard symbols on its sides .
he rubbed the rear of the trunk lid with his gloved hand and recognized the emblem .
jos was stuffed in the trunk of his car and drowned in the ocean .
she was thrown into the trunk of a car and taken to a harbor .
they taped her all up with duct tape and treated her like garbage , throwing her into a car trunk .
he locked jos in the trunk of his car and dumped him in the ocean like garbage to drown .
the temperature in the trunk , with two bodies contorted into the wheel wells was over one hundred forty degrees fahrenheit , and the air quality was poor .
with no one else around , he backed into a parking space and opened the trunk lid .
after glancing around , he opened the trunk and went into his equipment bag .
his computer and anything else loose was locked in the trunk as he walked along the shoulder - less side of the road toward signal place where wanderer would be berthed .
he hoped that he would nt have to answer questions about his equipment in the trunk .
i have my computer bag with me up here in front and scuba gear in the trunk .
when he was helpless and silent , the big unseen man carried him over his shoulder , tossing him roughly into the trunk of a car .
at nine oclock , he checked furys position one more time then locked the computer in the trunk .
peas men reloaded the weapons in the trunk of one car and left for san francisco .
once they arrived , he ordered jada out and retrieved his ak-47 from the trunk .
he spent $ 7 on a hockey arcade game , walked outside to the parking lot and dumped his gear into his trunk .
once that was all in the sonata , taking up the trunk and much of the floor of the rear passenger compartment , it was time to do some baby shopping .
the cab driver , whether he was blind which did nt really seem logical or just plain did nt care extended help only as far as popping open the trunk .
then she grimaced when she realized that shed pulled the wrong handle and the trunk popped open .
darkness ruled almost unchallenged in the car trunk but every now and then a brief red glow from the brake lights alleviated the abysmal blackness .
even in his fear and pain , locked in the trunk , he found solace in the idea that someone would start to look for him .
desmond opened the cars trunk for harry .
it was nt making sense to me that nothing happened as harry tried to pull me up to get me into the cars trunk .
fuck this , i thought , and in a split second , when the barrel inadvertently turned upwards as harry pushed me into the trunk , i hit his hand to see if he would release the gun .
he closed the trunk and got kristen into the car safely and then headed back to his place so that he could pack a bag as well .
he remembered how he borrowed a rankin album , on her insistence , and how it warped in the trunk of the car .
he walked behind the camaro and unlocked the trunk .
he put her in the trunk , hearing the largest chunk of her skull ding off the wheel well .
he walked up the road until he found the other sandal , then he tossed it in and closed the trunk .
popped the trunk and there she was , miss american pie .
sounds like it 's coming from the trunk . ''
all he could hear were the low moans coming from the trunk and the sound of fists banging like rubber mallets off the trunk lid .
all he could hear were the low moans coming from the trunk and the sound of fists banging like rubber mallets off the trunk lid .
gripped the trunk key between his sweaty fingers .
the long syllables reverberated inside the tin can of the trunk space .
not cynthia nor anna and not sharon in the trunk of his toyota .
sharon in the trunk of his toyota .
i dropped a few of my things into the trunk and double - checked my passport .
i was sure i had all the gear i would need right there in the trunk .
david , pull their car into the garage , i do nt want the neighbors seeing us manhandling this guy into the trunk .
david and i can take care of getting capone into the trunk .
this morning on a routine traffic stop a police officer found davids body and the gun used to kill him in the trunk of capones car .
i was inside cleaning the bugs when she picked up the body from the garage and put it into the trunk of the viper .
he reached over and pressed a button , and out of the trunk extended the hood .
-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- it was almost ten o'clock in the morning before kerrin had loaded his luggage into the trunk of his white toyota corolla at the airport in cape town .
he got out and walked round to the trunk of the car , lifting up a false bottom and opening up a hidden compartment beneath the spare tyre .
he closed the trunk , and tossed the extra magazine to laura .
grabbing their bags and the other weapons from the trunk , they ran to the waiting helicopter and jumped aboard .
slamming the car door , oscar wandered around to the back of the vehicle , stopping by its trunk .
grabbing a worn out black baseball cap , ashe slammed down the trunk top and went back on his way .
as ashe came around , he noticed that the detective again had the trunk open .
he had stored it in the trunk of his mazda in case of a break down or any other emergency .
kahn sent a uniformed cop with his keys to get the scanx equipment from the trunk of his car .
then he fetched a shovel from the trunk and walked until he could see his car no more .
there s a baseball bat in the trunk , matthew said .
marcus punched a two inch hole in the trunk .
i had the magnum in the trunk of the car in that bag and the other little gun and i kept shooting .
he hung up and tossed the phone into the trunk .
chapter 8 chase tossed the duffel bag into the trunk and got into the car .
peter popped opened the trunk and pulled out a large golf bag with looney - tune - character head coversbugs bunny , daffy duck , sylvester .
he shone the beam at the trunk and noticed the three holes in the trunk that had been caused by the .22 bullets .
he shone the beam at the trunk and noticed the three holes in the trunk that had been caused by the .22 bullets .
gus opened the trunk and took out a shirt from his bag of dry cleaning and gave it to matt .
put him in the trunk and clean yourself up .
matt dropped abdul into the open trunk with a lifeless thud , took off his shirt and threw it in on top of him .
it looked as if someone was opening the trunk lid of one of the oversized cars from the 70s .
the aft seats , part of the trunk lid , were now high above the bridge .
the air pump started and soon teleports large trunk lid was sealed closed again .
after loading mom and bernie into olive , i got her suitcase , walked around and opened the trunk .
as i loaded the boxes into the trunk i realized i was about to lose everything i cared about , even charlie .
the police reports , i said , remembering i d left the reports wilma bibby had sent me in olives trunk .
i loaded the luggage into the trunk and then opened the passenger door for her .
i got out and took the luggage from the trunk .
as quick as i could , i pulled the tape free from the gas trunk , and retrieved the phone i had placed there .
taking a quick walk around the impala , i saw the poor thing was in no condition to go anywhere the rear bumper was crumpled , the metal of the trunk was bent , and the door had a huge dent .
hidden hood - mounted machine guns , armored glass and chassis , surface to air missiles in the trunk , high speed propellant , gps with removable detonators , high voltage security system , automatic collision countermeasures , and triple interchangeable license plates with massachusetts , rhode island and new hampshire registration .
she parked in front of 1 - 2 - 3 center plaza , set the security system through her ipad and , after grabbing the case of possibly poisoned sports drinks from her trunk , hurried across cambridge street to the federal building .
across the way , the porsches trunk flaps opened vertically from the rear windshield to the spoiler , allowing a rack of s - t - a missiles to rise from its hiding place .
she tapped an icon on the ipad , making the rack disappear into the porsches trunk .
she wished she could have brought the porsche onto the peninsula ; it would have evened the odds a bit , even without a few of the missiles in the trunk .
there s a bag in the trunk , where the spare would normally be .
chapter thirteen innocence lost joshua leaned against the trunk of vans rental car , making sure sheryl or jermaine did not sneak back to video the barn .
the cop loaded tracys luggage into the trunk of the patrol car .
or in my car , maybe i could find a couple of tools in the trunk .
i guess i should have seen it coming , with the ladies ' trunk parked right outside , but i did n't .
the garment bag would be in his possession at all times , even when his luggage was loaded into the trunk of the taxi .
his luggage had been loaded into the trunk of a taxi , but the folded garment bag he kept with him in the back seat .
and i just wanted to announce that the cigarette program continues out in my ride , where i ve stockpiled as many cartons as my trunk and backseat will allow .
the lone exception being the fat redheaded guy who insisted on driving his aircraft carrier of a relic , this maroon monstrosity that could seat only one other passenger thanks to the heaping mound of cigarettes he d had piled in his back seat and presumably trunk .
james was staring out the window , only dimly aware of the rap cds spinning quietly on random play from the trunks ten disc changer .
accordingly , scott scoops up a few more hiphop cds and changes them out in the trunk , in their agoraphobia inducing parking slot in the middle of this gargantuan abandoned lot .
you can , patrick says from behind the wheel , but the cd players in the trunk .
katy was in the trunk and you left the engine running while you went into the studio to clean up after a struggle .
she loaded a garbage bag full of stuff into the trunk of auntie macs car .
they said he slogged house to house on those slow size - twelve feet looking for children to snort up through his trunk .
out of respect and shame for her dead mother scrunched inside the trunk , she would n't listen .
the first call of the day reported a well - dressed man putting something in the trunk of his car that resembled a body wrapped in a blue blanket .
they both looked at the broken light when the officer noticed a small piece of blue fabric sticking out of the trunk hatch .
open the trunk , sir !
now open the trunk , sir !
charles slowly reached into his pocket and pushed the button on his key remote to open the trunk .
the next shocking thing was the jeweled box found in the trunk , along with the body .
charles was dumbstruck when they fingerprinted , and booked him for the murder of the young girl found in his trunk .
next , the body of the young woman found in the trunk of the car , and lastly , the jeweled box with the little treasures from each of the other victims .
they caught him with a dead prostitute in the trunk of his car along with the evidence linking him to the other victims , so as far as everyone believed there was no question of his guilt .
first , they found charles everett with a dead prostitute in the trunk of his car , along with all the evidence to convict him of multiple murders .
you ve said from the beginning that you have no idea how the young woman and the jeweled box got into the trunk of your car .
we found the body in the trunk of his car , along with the box containing the nipples from the other victims .
the driver retrieved her luggage from the trunk and set it on the sidewalk .
the trunk was packed with meth .
randy smiled at her innocence and said softly , honey , the meth was in the trunk .
bash , randy said softly , we found your fingerprints on the bags of meth in the trunk .
when dave asked me to help them load the meth into the trunk , i was stuck .
` ` justin , be a dear and grab my makeup bag out of the trunk .
thanks , richard , '' sheila said , and got into the car.everything was securely placed in the trunk , and she was off to hartsfield airport.her itinerary had outlined a direct flight to newark , where another driver would be waiting to take her to the hotel.the company had secured a room with a kitchenette and would be footing the weekly bill.sheila read between the lines and realized two things.they intended to keep her there for a while , and there was nt going to be any room service.one room with a kitchenette in new jersey.just shoot me.she looked out the window as she approached the college park area.the sky was filled with bright silver metal birds .
one big trip in the trunk of my car .
` ` are you going to pop the trunk ? ''
nevertheless , hale threw my bag in the trunk and wished me a safe trip .
glease grabbed his attach case from the trunk and the two of us made our way to the small group congregating near a sign reading , roosevelt bridge .
when everything was tucked away in the trunk of my range rover i asked him , what s your second favorite thing in the whole wide world ?
i watched alex recede into the house , then drove to where i d parked earlier , picked my bumper from its leaf burial , and threw it in the trunk .
she turned on her heel , leaving the door ajar , and i ran back to my car and grabbed the asics and nautica bags from the trunk .
i added the headlight to the trunk , slash , car - part sarcophagus , and slid into the drivers seat .
i double buckled , popped the hood , the trunk , and the gas latch .
by the time i unbuckled , turned the wipers off , rolled the windows up , unlocked the doors ( then locked the doors ) , closed the gas latch and the trunk , caleb and lacy were through the weather - plagued doors .
alex hauled the cooler out of the trunk and i picked up the kite .
i brought them over to the trunk ; popping it open and showing them the duffle bags .
he grabbed the keys from my hand , placed them in his front pocket , and began grabbing the duffle bags from my trunk .
he held it under the trunk lights .
beats me , i lied as i tried to close up the trunk .
i watched them speed off as i retrieved my sword from the trunk of my car and ran to the back of the house .
ill get it out of the trunk .
lilly popped the trunk ; letting me grab mikes duffle bag and sword before running across the street .
mike threw open his door and exited ; grabbing the rifle bag from the trunk .
get their bags and put them in the trunk .
mike removed the swords from the trunk and placed them in the long black duffle bag ; leaving the broken down rifle on the back seat of the malibu .
the killer smiled to himself as he thought about sam , hiding in the trunk .
at the same time a loud thud sounded in the trunk area .
` ` is there someone in the trunk ? ''
after an hour of searching for the perfect place , he 'd found one , grabbed a shovel out of the trunk and dug into the dirt as much as he could to bury him .
he popped the trunk and put the shovel inside along with the gun .
she opened the trunk to see what she might find useful there , and pulled out the carpeting that covered her spare tire .
they walked back to the mustang , after alex took time to retrieve her trunk carpet and the rubber floor mat .
the trunk held the expected clutterspare tire and jack , plastic ice scraper , a quart of motor oil and a jug of windshield washer fluid .
` ` one of those big - shot corporate sharks who kept his golf clubs in the trunk and his nose full of toot .
probably in the trunk of edwin 's old buick , which now sat in his garage .
i unloaded four big suitcases from the trunk of the ford into the bed of the pickup truck .
and i ' ve got my camera bag in the trunk . ''
he parked the bmw , grabbed his bag from the trunk , and walked to elevator .
the white v10 powered sports car , with 525 horsepower in its trunk , quickly reached over one hundred miles per hour .
soon , the giant aft trunk lid began rising .
before reaching santa rosa , the men had found a secluded area to change out of the camouflaged clothing and hide their break - in supplies in the cars trunk .
after parking the car , the friends climbed out , removed two stuffed backpacks and a shoulder duffel from the trunk , and headed east along the embarcadero .
she climbed in , wincing as the trunk slammed shut .
and the suitcases are in the trunk of that mercedes .
he watched the indian general get out , collect a black bag from the trunk , and enter the old brick building .
he counted to twenty , slowly , then looked around the trunk .
he opened the trunk and tossed in his suitcase and closed it again .
he stood , then remembered that there should be a tire iron in the trunk .
he lifted the fabric and plastic covering from the trunk .
he put the jack into the trunk and lowered the plastic covering and carpet back on top .
he did n't bother with his suitcase in the trunk .
its blue paint was washed into alluvial fans of gray primer on the hood and trunk .
he stuck a key into the trunk and opened it and hauled out a large package wrapped with green christmas paper and tied with a red bow .
he held it under his left arm and slid a second package of the same size and color out of the trunk and up his leg , and held it under his right arm .
he was about to close the trunk with the back of his hand when nell called to him , doctor schulenberger , good morning .
carry that package for me , would you , and close the trunk .
she lifted the package out and closed the trunk .
he got out and i followed as he and went to the trunk where he grabbed a long rope , a harness and some metal carabineers .
then he grabbed the gun holster from deep inside the trunk and flung it over his shoulders .
be careful with that thing , i said and grabbed the rest of the gear and shut the trunk .
scott hoists a heavy piece of equipment out of the trunk , remarking , its hard to believe they give this stuff away .
the driver opened the trunk and put the bag inside , then they both got in the vehicle and drove away .
he opened the trunk with the free hand , reached in , retrieved a small bag , and then went back inside .
the driver got out and opened the trunk of the camaro .
watson exited the house with the bag he retrieved from his vehicle , dropped it into the trunk of the camaro , and got in the passengers seat .
i got out , locked my purse in the trunk and tucked my cell phone in a pocket .
she pulled in at the first rest stop , changed out of the uniform , put it in the trunk and got back on the parkway .
from the trunk he heaved a small backpack at alex , who strapped it on .
into a car trunk head first , the hands cradling his head .
the car sped off , his fingers grasping behind his back at nothing but coarse trunk carpet .
after another jarring trunk ride they had led alex to what felt like a cot .
frankie came up beside sal , and looking into the trunk , let out a low whistle .
he slammed him onto the trunk lid and grabbed him by the throat .
somehow , summer flew by at light speed , and before knowing it , jerrick packed all his possessions into two suitcases for college , placing them in the trunk of his moms car .
jerrick put his luggage into the trunk and hopped in the passenger side .
after jerrick had packed his suitcases in the morning , and placed them in the trunk of the car ; he went to give his mom and grandmother a good - bye hug .
he wished he had his knife and that josie had her .357 , but they d been left behind in the trunk of her car before leaving los angeles ; mexican authorities take a dim view of such tools .
* * * at the trunk of josies trans am at los angeles international airport , josie slipped her .357 back into her purse .
a quick peek in the trunk from some sleepy - eyed soldiers and they were on their way again .
as melissa loaded her suitcase into the trunk , archie took her cabbie aside .
` ` no i do n't , but since i keep my car unlocked , it would be easy for anyone to get in , open the trunk release latch and put the tank in there any time they wanted to . ''
the most damning piece of evidence though was the acetylene torch and the ride 's missing bolts that were found in the trunk of elliot 's car .
he had the torch in his trunk , he was seen near the ride on the night of the sabotage , he had a motive to kill the victim , means , motive and opportunity , '' she said folding her arms as they walked outside .
finally , you will hear testimony that the very torch that has been identified as the one that almost removed the wheel casings of the ride was found in the trunk of the car of the accused .
i mean to hide the weapon in your trunk , but wipe off your fingerprints ?
the only evidence that they presented is the fact that my client had an argument with scott taylor the night before the murder , was seen near the ride after midnight , and that an acetylene torch was found in the trunk of his car .
the fact is that there were no fingerprints found on said torch , yet it was found in the trunk of my client 's car .
you see after coming in early , retrieving the hidden torch , wiping his fingerprints off of it , he placed it in his own trunk , next to the 16 bolts that had been removed from the ride and did nothing .
the torch that sabotaged the ride was found in the trunk of mr . ravenwood 's car next to a receipt of purchase bearing his signature .
he opened the trunk of the cruiser and headed inside the circle k for a bit of light early - morning shopping .
boricio slammed the trunk shut , then went back in the store to empty the cash register , just in case .
maybe he should ve added the crisp - clothed cocksucker to the stash of ding - dongs in the trunk and saved him for later .
he grabbed his weapons and from the trunk , pulled a pair of bolt cutters and sweatshirt .
also sayla is going to be safe and benji is in the trunk of my car out front , alive .
i think i m going to go get benji out of the trunk .
and it was nt like carolyn could be stashed in the trunk .
he packed the waders , rods and tackle boxes into the trunk of the car .
bill grabbed a blanket out of the trunk of the car and they sat down in the sand .
chapter 15 the ties that bind steve double checked all the material he d packed from the lab , even though he d already been through it ten times to make sure it was placed safely in the trunk of the car , the polymer spheres suspended in the saline solution .
claire stole another kiss while he was still close and he was off , checking the contents of the trunk and carefully placing his raincoat in the backseat , along with an umbrella .
i grabbed a roll of duct tape from the trunk .
i told bobby to get the can from my trunk .
you reckon there s somethin in the trunk ?
a moment later chuck saw the first blue colors rising to the surface and soon enough the white striped trunk spoiler that belonged to matts car came into clear view .
he pointed a finger at catfish and snapped , get a pry bar and open the trunk .
besides , there might be prints on the trunk lid that we would smear with the crow bar .
he walked around to the back of the car , pushed the key into the trunk slot and twisted .
the trunk lid popped upward a few inches spilling water out of the new opening .
chuck , still staring into the empty trunk space , said sheriff ?
the sheriff told me he was going to put me in the trunk of it and push it back in the water ... along with the fellers i told about it .
i had been watching it for a week hoping to scare them into moving it or something because i honestly thought matts body would be in the trunk .
i swam down to the car one time and did nt see anything inside but i could not get the trunk open while the car was under water .
jacobs , meadows and catfish gathered the tools from the trunk and closed it quietly .
the trunk opened , then shut .
` ` it 's parked outside ... in the trunk . ''
when the soldiers tried to lift the object into the trunk , macri found her opening .
` ` they put the cardinal in the trunk . ''
the tape macri had shot earlier of the naked body dumped in the trunk was playing at this very moment on the vcr transmitter back in the van .
the tape froze and zoomed in as the cardinal 's naked body became visible just before they deposited him in the trunk of the car .
she put her bags in the trunk and climbed in the driver 's seat .
they loaded their bags into the trunk and slid into their seats .
he got out and checked the trunk .
so reacher popped the chrysler 's trunk and neagley heaved her bags in and then slid in beside him on the passenger seat .
she loaded them into the toyota 's trunk .
plus their recent purchases in the prelude 's trunk .
stood the empty bottle upright in the trunk .
lifted the twelve bottles of gas out of the trunk , one by one , carefully , and stood them upright on the road six feet behind the prelude 's rear bumper .
then he picked up the thirteenth rag and closed the trunk lid and trapped the rag in it , three - quarters out .
he struck a match and held it against the rag trapped in the trunk lid until the rag was burning bright .
he opened the trunk lid and knocked the burning rag out and stamped on it .
the men carried two packages each , bringing them around to the trunk of the sedan , setting them in carefully , then going back for more .
then peters went around to the trunk of the sedan and began counting the plastic packages .
when there were twenty , he placed them in a suitcase , locked the case , and closed the trunk .
peters went around to the trunk and removed the suitcase with the plastic packages .
his hands felt damp on the keystone as he waited for remy to finish tying and gagging teabing in back with the rope they had found in the trunk .
he poked through the drifts of ash inside , still slightly warm , and then he pulled the shaft of the burned key from the ignition and popped the trunk .
` ` in the damn trunk , '' milosevic said .
so he went for them and they overpowered him and put him in the trunk .
along with the owner in the trunk .
the state guy conferred with mcgrath and opened his trunk .
he dumped his bags in the trunk , waited at the exit check , and drove out into the glare .
he left the motor running and opened the garage door and opened the trunk and swapped his rolling duffel and his carry - on for two big valises made of thick black nylon .
he heaved his bags into the trunk and drove to a motel near the new ballpark on the road from fort worth to dallas .
he stacked the wheel covers like plates and pitched them into the trunk .
she waited until the trunk was closed again and placed the cb antennas on the lid .
under the hood , the whole of the interior , under the carpets , in the seats , under the seats , in the trunk , under the fenders , everywhere .
maybe they had heavy samples in the trunk that prevented them from flying .
they pulled the wheel covers off and threw them in the trunk .
they attached the communications antennas to the rear window and the trunk lid .
and he could keep the kid in the trunk .
he popped the trunk and manhandled a suitcase into the tight space .
i was told to wait six hours and put the money in the trunk of the mercedes you saw and have it driven down to the village and parked in that spot at eleven - forty exactly .
gregory used the remote to open the trunk and lane dumped the bag inside .
he left it where deveraux had left hers , and unfolded himself from the seat , and stepped around to the trunk .
he took a black plastic box out of his trunk and walked up chapman 's driveway toward me .
i have spares in the trunk .
deveraux stopped and took two flashlights from her trunk .
deveraux got out on her side and we met behind the caprice 's trunk .
i swung left and backed up and popped the trunk and got out .
i mimed supporting a body 's weight , cutting the wrist straps , cutting the ankle ties , carrying the body to the car , lowering it into the trunk .
i stepped back to the trestle and picked up an imaginary bucket of blood and heaved it over to the car and wedged it in the trunk alongside the body .
i closed the trunk lid and got back in the driver 's seat .
there was a triple thunk as both door locks and the trunk lock unlatched .
he closed the driver 's door and stepped back to the trunk .
he took the pipe out and closed the trunk .
they squeezed between the mustang 's trunk and a broadcast van .
then he opened his door and climbed out of the car and by the time he had walked around the trunk she was waiting for him at the foot of the stairs .
then , quite slowly , it sank , nose down , in a welter of exhaust gas and bubbles , until there was nothing left but the trunk and a section of the roof and rear window slanting up toward the sky .
so i got mulliner 's to make it into a real two - seater with plenty of trunk space .
he 's tied up in the trunk . ''
peter is in my trunk .
there was a little league glove on the back seat and i could hear an aluminum bat rattling around in the trunk .
there were two guys standing next to the trunk .
in two of the pictures the trunk lid was down .
the two guys were looking down at something inside the trunk .
his hands and face were pale , like his natural habitat was underground parking garages at night , hawking samples of something from his cadillac 's trunk .
found the trunk release .
they would bust open the trunk for sure , worried about terrorist bombs or because of the smell , but by then a whole bunch of other deadlines would have been reached and i would be long gone .
to walk around the trunk would say i ' m scared of you .
squatted down and unscrewed the maine plate off the cadillac 's trunk lid and replaced it with the new york number .
he saw me in the mirror and the trunk popped and he opened his door and slid out fast .
he came around and raised the trunk lid all the way .
there was a military - issue body bag in the trunk .
under the trunk floor . ''
the trunk lid was closed .
there were four hundred pounds of weight in the trunk .
i stacked the boxes in the trunk and all over the floor in back and in the front passenger footwell .
i took the tire iron out from under the spare wheel and closed the trunk lid and watched the car drive away .
i directed him two blocks over and one up and we came to the parking garage where i had left angel doll in the trunk of his car .
still unconscious when i transferred him to the trunk of mine , behind the abandoned diner .
i opened the trunk and then slammed it again just in case he was awake and planning to jump out at me .
they all find out sooner or later how unchic it is to pop your buttons at the sadie hawkins dance , or to crawl into the trunk so you can get into the drive - in for free .
she eased to a stop and pressed a button and the trunk lid opened .
reacher closed the trunk again and opened the passenger door and slid inside .
poulton let lamarr take her own bag from the trunk .
pop the trunk lid and place the sack inside .
` ` selling out of the trunk of his car in the parking lot ?
she pulled the little lever at her side and popped the trunk .
it 's a low - slung car , so although the trunk is long enough and wide enough , it 's not very tall .
you watched her walk away to the store , and then you just stepped over and opened the driver 's door and found the lever and popped the trunk .
you feel a growing patch of heat under your thigh where the exhaust runs under the trunk floor .
she remembers to pop the trunk .
you ease the trunk lid upward and you climb out .
as he heaved the spare out of the trunk , it occurred to him that he had n't changed a tire since he was a teenager back in scotland .
angelo had disappeared the next day , and the story was that his body had been put in the trunk of an old chevy and compacted .
chou ling supervised the storing of jennifer 's luggage in the trunk of the limousine , and a few minutes later they were headed toward the city .
moody had carefully put the pieces of the already defused bomb in the trunk of his own car .
several townsfolk hurry forward as far as the trunk of robbie 's car .
he puts the last couple of bags in and slams the trunk .
they climbed out and he retrieved a caver 's pack from the trunk .
all four of them climbed out and suzanne popped the trunk .
he retrieved his backpack from the trunk and started the hike north .
` ` in the trunk of my car .
there 's one in the trunk if you 'd like . ''
rollie took his bag with him to the trunk where he inventoried the dynamite , the blasting caps , and the fuse .
he left his bag in the trunk , closed it , and told sam to head to greenville .
he turned off the ignition , and both men quietly opened the trunk , removed the box and the bag , and slid along a row of hedges leading to the rear door .
a fifteen - minute fuse was found in the trunk .
the dynamite fuse in the trunk had probably been left there by its previous owner , a mr . carson jenkins , a dirt contractor from meridian .
mr . carson jenkins testified that he handled dynamite all the time in his line of work , and that he evidently had simply left the fuse in the trunk when he sold the car to dogan .
i popped the trunk to check the dynamite . ''
` ` what else was in the trunk ? ''
but out of the blue he tells one of our agents that he saw dogan and another man putting something in the trunk of a green pontiac a couple of days earlier .
no paperwork was required for visitors to leave , only a quick look in the trunk to make sure no prisoners had caught a ride .
there was no one in his trunk , and he was waved around another barricade , almost hitting a guard who was n't moving fast enough .
some camping gear and fishing equipment were in the trunk .
` ` five hundred one - hundred - dollar bills , stuffed in an unmarked red canvas bag and placed in the trunk of my car one night while i was at the movies with screamer .
the bullets slammed into the mercenary 's trunk , stopping his turn as if he had collided with a tank .
` ` yes , i heard jean - pierre 's words , '' said bressard , rounding the trunk to the driver 's side as latham opened the door at the curb .
as the transmitting mechanism was in the trunk , the odds were favorable that it would be operational .
we find a worker in the underground trunk lines , for that 's where the true locations are in the computers .
` ` one moment , sir .. .. driver , release the vehicle 's trunk . ''
` ` yes , sir .. .. driver , you may leave the vehicle and close the trunk now . ''
two men got out of the back doors andrushed toward the entrance , the second man runningaround the trunk to catch up with the first .
fifty feetaway a brown sedan had come to a stop ; on its doorpanels and trunk were the clear black letters u.s.army .
it sped up to the porch , joltingto a stop ; two men climbed out and the driver racedaround the trunk to join his companion .
he gestured with his head , and anne popped the trunk .
` ` like all americans , '' anne said , watching him dump the body into the trunk , slam down the lid .
two policemen in riot gear were questioning the cars ' occupants , peering into their trunks or - in the case of the trucks - checking the rear and underneath the carriage .
tarkanian placed oserov in the trunk and tied the lid to the bumper with a length of twine he 'd found in a kitchen drawer so that his compatriot would have fresh air .
' who 's got a friend locked in the trunk ? '
she was cradling yasha in her arms and he was holding an ax he 'd drawn out of the trunk of her car .
they bundled the unconscious molnar into the trunk of the car , then scrambled into the front , one behind the wheel , the other in the front passenger 's seat .
` ` with the airport on high alert , there is certain to be more police nationale about '' he reached down , popped the trunk .
without another word , bourne crawled into the trunk , shutting himself in , and robbinet took off .
ten minutes after he had turned onto the al , robbinet pulled over into a breakdown area , popped the trunk .
flicking on a mini - flashlight , he played its concentrated beam over the wall of the shaft , illuminating the vertical lines of trunk cables and electric lines .
kicking out with one foot , he swung toward the wall , grabbed a trunk cable and held on .
the moment his shoes hit the top of the car bullets pierced it from the interior , trying to find him , but he was already sliding down the trunk .
` ` the first - aid kit 's from the trunk of dad 's car , '' chrissie said as scarlett rummaged around for bandages and mercurochrome .
he unlocked the trunk and took out the laptop in its protective case .
the body of the slain man had been placed carefully in the citroand # 65533 ; n 's trunk , and the official soviet comment , if asked for , was one of noninvolvement : two lower - level diplomatic staff had gone out for a country lunch when the massacre occurred .
luigi snatched his bag and tossed it into the trunk of a compact fiat .
he parked in a designated area well away from the aircraft taxi lanes , grabbed his ready bag from the trunk , and splashed his way into the immense hangar .
he closed the trunk , looked around again as if he were expecting to be watched , then disappeared into the car .
` ` he arrived in the trunk , and i left him at your place . ''
a cop laid romey 's shoe on the trunk next to the body , then placed it in a white bag and wrote something on it .
rear taillights , trunk , front passenger door handle and lock switch , dash , gun , bottle of jack daniel 's .
the body was wrapped in garbage bags and placed in the trunk .
imagine that , he said , chatting with a cop with a warm body in the trunk .
at the time of the burial , boyd boyette had been in his trunk for twenty - five hours .
checked the trunk .
` ` you could hide in the trunk , '' she said .
we put them in the trunk .
a black boy grabbed mitch 's bags and threw them with avery 's into the trunk of a 1972 ford ltd . mitch tipped him generously .
outside , the chauifeur sprang into action , opening doors and loading it all in the trunk .
she took four steps , stuck a key into the trunk of the peugeot and removed the heavy black briefcase .
at exactly 3 p.m. , she wheeled into the parking lot , stopped behind the peugeot , opened its trunk and left the briefcase where she 'd found it .
you could get in the trunk , all three of you , and i could drive you outta town .
any fool would jump in the trunk and haul ass .
` ` is there somebody in the trunk ? ''
` ` somebody in the trunk ? ''
severance would be paid out in the form of a small - caliber bullet to the back of his head ; the body would be found in the trunk of a car owned by a russian crime lord who himself had just come to a grisly end .
he popped the trunk , and arranged the body around the spare tire , the jumper cables , and a surprising number of blankets .
at any convenient distance from the crowds , he would be dispatched with a silenced shot to the back of the head , his body disposed of either in the lake or in the trunk of a vehicle .
he said his tools were in the trunk .
he pulled back into the protection of the trunk .
the large car was first seen as an old , nondescript gray sedan with multiple scratches across the paint and numerous dents , from the fenders to the trunk .
get out here and take the motorbike from the trunk .
first they had stopped in the city , where jon had retrieved his laptop and bag from the trunk of his rented renault .
peter was opening the trunk , and marty was standing beside him , looking a little giddy as he stared all around .
marty looked down into the trunk and jumped back with surprise .
a small car with a flat tire was just over the hill , blocking the road , trunk opened , its rear jacked up .
the driver suddenly pulled a large shiny pistol from the trunk and shoved it into danilo 's face .
he stuck the pistol in a pocket and with both hands folded danilo into the trunk .
the driver slammed the trunk shut , lowered the car , tossed the jack into the ditch , and drove off .
she left her overnight bag in the trunk , but carried her thick briefcase with her .
they loaded the entire aricia file into the trunk of his car , and said good - bye .
` ` in the trunk of my car . ''
the swedish lady was seen hurriedly shoving luggage into the trunk of benny 's bmw .
i get my briefcase and small bag from the trunk , hand the keys to the valet , and walk into a scene from miami vice .
i explain i ' m leaving town , so the suitcase stays in the backseat and the cardboard box in the trunk is not to be touched .
we got the stuff out of the truck and moved it into the trunk of joe 's car , and as soon as he slammed the trunk , all hell broke loose .
working quickly while watching everything around her , she transfers the backpacks from nathan 's front seat into the trunk of her car .
the other half is in the trunk of my rented impala .
there are no security cameras and no foot traffic , and i quickly open the trunk , remove two of the cigar boxes and place them in the briefcase .
the great debate raging in her mind is whether the remaining three canisters will be safer in the trunk of her car or in her apartment under the bed .
after two trips into the vault of the palmetto trust in south - central miami , i still have in my possession , in the trunk of my rented impala , exactly forty - one of the precious little mini - bars , value of about $ 600,000 .
by ten i ' m back on interstate 95 , headed to d.c . with 261 golden bricks in the trunk .
finding his fat body stuffed into the trunk of a car at the airport would not surprise me , and deck allows as much .
i pack the black case in the trunk of my shiny little volvo , along with a few clothes , and hit the road .
he opened the trunk and put her bag in .
he packed a few things in the trunk of his audi tt roadster , a two - seat convertible he 'd owned for less than a week , and said farewell to no one because no one really cared when he came or went , and left charlottesville .
but the twenty - seven blake and son boxes would not fit in the small trunk of his little audi roadster .
and if he knew , then the money would quickly be removed from the trunk of the little tt convertible and repackaged in blake and son boxes and put back where it came from .
looking at them , though , ray could not imagine a source rich enough to generate the kind of money now hidden in the trunk of his little car .
he had another three million in the trunk .
and what would the deputy do if he searched the trunk ?
he vowed to himself that if he ever discovered that the cash now crammed into the trunk of his car had been collected by his father in some manner that was less than ethical , then no one would ever know it .
the terrifying part was the transferring of the money from one bag to another while crouching over his trunk and trying not to look guilty .
he killed the engine and the lights , opened the trunk , and grabbed the money .
run with your loot , like a murderer with his victim in the trunk , and plenty of faces look familiar and ominous .
he unlocked the trunk and quickly peered inside : three black plastic garbage bags stuffed with money .
` ` in the trunk of my car , at your office . ''
otherwise , they would have simply taken it from the trunk of your car while you were asleep .
he parked the little audi there , facing the street , its rear and its trunk just a step from the porch .
the audi seemed lighter with the trunk empty .
he raced toward the rear of the daimler , pushed the trunk release , and lifted the lid .
the roomy trunk was empty , lined with carpet , and immaculate .
he climbed into the trunk , then pulled the lid closed .
a few minutes later , once he was sure there was no one around , metcalfe would open the trunk from the inside and climb out .
he felt around the pitch - black interior of the trunk , shifted his body until he could reach the top of the trunk lid , feeling for the trunk - release lever .
he felt around the pitch - black interior of the trunk , shifted his body until he could reach the top of the trunk lid , feeling for the trunk - release lever .
he felt around the pitch - black interior of the trunk , shifted his body until he could reach the top of the trunk lid , feeling for the trunk - release lever .
there was no trunk release !
he ran his hands frantically over the trunk 's interior , searching desperately for a lever , a knob , anything that would pop open the trunk .
his heart lifted to hear it , it alleviated somewhat the panic he felt at being locked in the trunk .
he waited in silence , in the absolute darkness of the trunk .
he felt the entire expanse of the trunk lid , patiently , but there still was no internal release knob or lever .
there were cables and wires tucked into the corners , but none of them popped open the trunk .
using the slotted screwdriver , he lifted the carpet liner , peeling it back until most of the rear section of the trunk compartment was exposed down to its bare sheet metal .
it was not meant to be accessed from the trunk side , but by reaching around through the coils and struts he managed to loosen the bolts enough to push the rear seat forward .
twenty minutes after he had begun , he was in the backseat of the daimler , at last free of the trunk .
the normally unflappable corky was surprised to hear metcalfe 's voice on a direct trunk line from berlin .
viktor had smuggled him into the palace inside the trunk of a car .
the old car was a full - size , hood and trunk like flight decks , turning the same pitted dull brown that all old cars turn .
there was a boy of maybe nineteen sitting on the trunk lid , with a mobile phone in his hand .
he let him fall off the trunk lid unaided , to see how far away he 'd put him .
opened the driver 's door and found the lever and popped the trunk .
he locked it into the trunk and walked around to the driver 's door .
he put the cadillac in the middle slot and left the garment bag in the trunk .
` ` they could look for an overcoat and a hat on the backseat or in the trunk . ''
he loaded it into the suburban 's trunk and then walked around and climbed into the backseat .
he found the remote button and popped the trunk .
then he hoisted him up , two hands , collar and belt , and turned and made ready to fold him into the yellow malibu 's trunk .
he found the cadillac key in his pocket and opened the trunk and picked the guy up again and put him inside .
then eleanor duncan killed her lights and manoeuvred around the malibu 's trunk , half on the road and half on the shoulder , and came to a stop with her elbow on the door and her head turned towards reacher .
' the guy who took the cadillac put his bag on the back seat , not in the trunk . '
plenty of drivers used it , for all kinds of purposes , passers - by checking their maps , taking off their coats , getting things from the trunk , sometimes just stretching their legs .
angelo mancini opened the red ford 's trunk and found two nylon roll - aboard suitcases , which more or less confirmed a personal theory of his .
the trunk lid clunked and popped and raised itself up , slowly and smoothly , damped and hydraulic , all the way open , completely vertical .
and presumably there was a courtesy light in the trunk , in reality quite weak and yellow , but no doubt looking like a million - watt searchlight in the dark of the night .
afterwards he realized he had half expected the trunk lid to close again , slowly and obediently , like the seat warmer and the radio had gone off again .
but of course the trunk lid did n't close again .
the release mechanism merely clicked and whirred one more time , and the trunk lid stayed exactly where it was .
there was a light in the trunk .
forces from braking and accelerating and turning had jammed him awkwardly into the far rear corner of the trunk .
mahmeini 's man took his hand off the trunk lid and shuffled all the way around to the rear of the car .
nothing at all , except his friend , dead in the trunk , all slack and undignified , all thrown about and jumbled up .
his friend had been killed sixty miles away , by an unknown person and an unknown method with no visible signs , and then locked in the trunk of a car that could have absolutely nothing at all to do with either rossi 's boys , or safir 's .
the trunk light burned bright and hot , but it revealed nothing .
he closed the trunk lid on asghar , reverently , with soft pressure from eight gentle fingertips , like a sad chord on a church organ .
the little man said , ' you killed my friend and you put his body in the trunk of your cadillac . '
jacob duncan saw that roberto cassano 's mind had been changed once and for all by the dead man in the cadillac 's trunk .
' you saw what he did to the guy in the cadillac 's trunk . '
the wondrous miss vilas has attended to my needs , in the form of a car with a comfy back seat for my turntable and a trunk spacious enough for the speakers and record cartons , which she will be sending .
so i walked up to the hedge , and there 's this cop , a young guy , i think his name is cheetah , or something like that , and he 's loadin ' this bike , like a kid 's bike , into his trunk .
he saw a worried - looking cop pick up a bicycle and put it in his trunk .
` ` if it was up to me , you and your lovely wife would be able to drive away with a bloodstained t - shirt , maybe even a severed finger or two , in your trunk .
they left by a different door from the one they had entered , and the skycap who had noticed them getting out of the cab was busy unloading suitcases from the trunk of a car .
they went around to the trunk and ray unlocked it .
john took the jack and spare out of the trunk .
on the other side of the hill , john mayo was opening the trunk of the ford and making his inspection of the spare tire .
the search had taken him twenty minutesthe need to make sure there were no rattlers or copperheads ( or something even more sinister and exotic ) nesting in the darkness of the trunk , dozing on the fugitive warmth of the engine block , curled up in the glove compartment .
` ` we 're going out , '' he said , ` ` and we 're going to put these bags in the trunk- '' ` ` trunk 's okay , '' cap broke in .
cap handed them over , andy opened the trunk , and they stowed the luggage .
later , when we were loading the presents into the trunk of mother 's car , i asked her what neecy had been saying .
the rain was coming down in earnest as we got the bags out of the trunk .
i craned out of the front door , trying to see if craig graham was maybe getting luggage out of the trunk .
tucker used the remote to pop the trunk .
instead , he had clubbed the kid with the butt of his gun , bound him up , and tossed him in the trunk .
` ` what did you do with the young man from the trunk ? ''
the beamer 's trunk was already packed with suitcases .
donaldson thought about the toolbox he had in the trunk .
the worst part was that kork had the mutilated body of a stripper in his trunk .
` ` you 're a fighter , i 'll give you that , '' he said , hefting her out of the trunk and onto his shoulder .
grabbing the tarp , he hurried back to his honda and locked the blood - stained covering back in the trunk .
because we have ben 's partner in the trunk . ''
` ` you ' ve got a man in your trunk ? ''
luther popped open the trunk .
` ` so when you pulled over to help me , '' kork said , ` ` were you thinking i 'd wind up in your trunk as well ? ''
` ` not in the trunk . ''
the two men wrestled the package from the trunk , one at the head , the other at the feet .
javier clicked a button on the automatic lock and the trunk popped open just an inch .
then he slammed the trunk shut and started back toward the gun shop .
` ` i got a little package in the trunk .
a woman lay sprawled across the interior of the trunk .
tequila reached in and swept her out of the trunk .
` ` he 's tied up in the trunk .
` ` the man in my trunk .
` ` this man in the trunk .
the man in the trunk was awake , completely naked , his wrists and ankles tied with rope .
mr . k took a tool case and a gas can out of the trunk , then closed it .
walter lancing opened the trunk from the driver 's seat , and i tossed the bag inside .
no one seemed to be paying us any attention , so i pulled out a manila envelope from a pocket on my bag and discreetly tossed it into the trunk .
i let him load my bag into the trunk , and then he opened the door for me and i climbed inside , half - expecting to find someone waiting for me .
i heard the trunk open , followed by the sound of rustling plastic .
when the hammer cocked , the car suddenly shook as the men climbed clumsily into the trunk .
he closed the trunk .
orson pointed at the driver on the ground and said , ` ` when i tell you , unlock the trunk and throw him in there .
orson yelled : ` ` the trunk is being opened , and i 'll be pointing a three - fifty - seven at you .
i opened the trunk without looking inside at the men or the body i had to lift .
12 heading back to the cabin , the men continued to pound against the inside of the trunk .
one of the men yelled from inside the trunk , ` ` let me out , motherfucker ! ''
i glanced into the plastic - lined trunk , a gruesome spectacle .
wilbur had difficulty moving his leg , so orson directed me to drag him out of the trunk .
leaving their cowboy hats in the trunk , the two men came slowly to their feet , and orson led them toward the back of the shed .
as he unlocked the door , he told me to go wrap the driver up in the plastic lining and remove him from the trunk .
when you 're inside and the trunk 's open , i 'll bring him out .
i 'll put him in the trunk , and you 'll drive us to his hole on one sixteen .
the rug would n't fit into the trunk , so we unrolled it and let orson slide into the dark , empty cavity .
farther on , i caught a glimpse of the white gazebo , where i 'd stood in the snow just yesterday , in search of the man who now lay unconscious in the trunk .
walter inserted a key and popped open the trunk .
orson was unconscious in the trunk , an entire 4 - mg vial of ativan coursing through his bloodstream .
29 sunday , before dawn , i loaded orson into the trunk of his lexus and pulled out of the driveway of his house in woodside .
he 'd been kicking the inside of the trunk for the last fifty miles and cursing at me to pull over .
pulling into the emergency lane somewhere between lincoln and york , i hopped out into the chilly nebraska night and popped the trunk .
` ` what do you want me to do , piss in the trunk ? ''
` ` andy , '' he said as i put my hands on the trunk to close it , ` ` you 're very good at this . ''
since i 'd given orson enough ativan to maintain sedation for the better part of the day , i left him in the trunk , walked inside , and crashed .
walking toward the trunk with two squeeze bottles of water and three bags of potato chips , i stared at the golden sandstone buttes of the wildcat hills , thinking , i 'd like to pick one of those hills and lie down on top and never leave .
i 'd bought the food at courthouse view , but the motel parking lot had been too crowded to risk opening the trunk .
when i climbed out and opened the trunk , he was flailing around inside , though his eyes were closed .
` ` i think there 's someone in your trunk . ''
there 's someone in my trunk , and i ' m taking them out into the desert to shoot them in the head and bury them .
but we have time , i thought , unlocking the trunk and bracing against another icy gust .
he hung his legs out of the trunk , and i removed the bicycle lock from his ankles .
tossing it back into a corner of the trunk , i helped my brother climb out and told him to go around to the passenger door .
was the trunk airtight ?
perhaps she should join the others in the trunk .
what kind of sicko leaves his dog in the trunk ? ''
18 upon regaining consciousness , karen 's first thought was that she was no longer in the trunk .
you remember her from the trunk ? ''
in the trunk , elizabeth lancing sleeps and she does not dream .
riding into the parking lot , i threw down the bicycle and unlocked the trunk of the audi .
i said , ` ` so we drove out into the countryside with my brother in the trunk .
crouch will handcuff you , blindfold you , throw you in the trunk of a car , and drag you kicking and screaming through a story so intense , so emotionally packed , that you will walk away stunned .
you make the fbi agent put the girl in your trunk , climb in herself .
with an almost imperceptible smirk , michael took the bag from my hand and hoisted it effortlessly into the trunk .
michael hit a button , and the trunk popped open .
the black sedan had state government plates and enough antennae attached to the trunk to shoot transmissions to venus , and dave could tell just by looking at sean 's companion from fifteen yards away that , like sean , the guy was a cop .
found some more in the trunk . ''
` ` in the trunk , '' sean said .
` ` i meant so what if you found blood in the trunk ?
katie marcus never got in anyone 's trunk . ''
care to explain the blood in the trunk ?
they stopped at a dunkin ' donuts and tossed their lids in the trash on the way out the door , sipped their coffee leaning against the spoiler attached to the trunk of the sports car .
it was only once he 'd manhandled the guy into the honda 's trunk that dave realized he should have used the guy 's cadillac .
but what was the point of riding around in his honda with the guy in the trunk , trying to find a place to dump him , when the answer was right in front of him ?
he popped his trunk , then popped the caddy 's trunk , and pulled the body from one car to the other .
he popped his trunk , then popped the caddy 's trunk , and pulled the body from one car to the other .
and then he 'd driven home , certain that any minute someone would find the car and the body in the trunk .
he came back on the phone , said the trunk 's leaking . ''
connolly , standing by the trunk , said , ` ` jesus , you smell this shit ?
he slipped it over the cadillac 's trunk lock and drove it home , felt the metal slide over metal and then catch , grip the entire lock cylinder .
sean pulled back hard , taking the lock cylinder with him , getting a glimpse of the hole he 'd left behind before the latch clicked free and the trunk lid rose up and that low - tide smell was replaced by something worse , a combined stench of swamp gas and boiled meat left rotting in a pile of scrambled eggs .
he peered into the trunk for a bit .
` ` i toss them in here , take them to a recycling station when i ca n't close the trunk anymore . ''
he shut the trunk .
he tossed recording equipment into the trunk .
he fishtailed in the center of the playground as the cops and the feds were getting out of their cars and aiming their weapons and then he popped the trunk and pulled his hostages out .
when gerry pulled danielle out of the trunk , there was a twelve - gauge attached to her head by electrical tape .
twelve hours in a trunk had matted her hair to the left side of her head as if a hand were pressed there , and her face was streaked with dirty fingers of ruined mascara , the corners of her eyelids burned red by gasoline .
the muzzle flashes exploded into the air like heat lightning , and the rear windshield of the lexus collapsed all over the trunk .
i climbed out , too , as she took another small bag from the trunk and closed it , gave me the keys .
in the trunk of my car one day , i found a book of shakespeare 's sonnets .
as i opened the trunk , i saw broussard leaning against the window of eddie bauer .
i tuned to his channel as i leaned under the open trunk .
i tossed the trench coat in the trunk , removed my black leather jacket , placed the walkie - talkie in the pocket , and closed the jacket over my soiled t - shirt .
i closed the trunk and cut back through the crowds to eddie bauer , stared through the window at the mannequins .
broussard pulled a trench coat from the trunk and shrugged it on .
poole closed the trunk and pulled at his trench coat flaps until they covered his shotgun .
so i know carlton 's a two - time loser , out on probation ; i plant an ounce of heroin and two unlicensed firearms in his trunk , way back under the spare where he 'll never find 'em .
you 'd be amazed what some guys here want to find in your trunk . ''
cody 's audi beeped twice as he used the remote attached to his key chain to disengage the alarm and pop the trunk .
he popped his trunk , and bubba and i stepped under the door and in there with him .
then i went around to angie 's trunk for the sugar , the chocolate syrup , and the rice .
` ` there 's a gym bag in your trunk , '' i said .
` ` give me the bag in the trunk , and i 'll bring your son home alive . ''
he opened his glove box and pressed a button and the trunk popped open .
i found a flashlight and two plastic supermarket bags in the trunk of dre 's car .
i popped the trunk and sat on the edge and removed the plastic bags and placed them in a third plastic bag .
i found a rag in the trunk , and i used it to wipe off the cross as best i could .
finch acknowledged captain coughlin with a flick of his head as he placed the box of offi ce supplies in the trunk .
they might get the appliances and dishes in the car , but she was positive they would end up in it as well , probably in the front seat since all these boxes were n't going to fit in the trunk and at least a couple would have to go in the backseat .
` ` now , why do n't you down a couple bags of blood , then i 'll take the cooler back out and put it in your trunk for you before i go . ''
` ` the trunk , '' he gasped .
straightening , she hurried around to the trunk and opened it to reveal a small cooler inside .
as he lifted the cooler out of the trunk , he smiled at the thought of drina with a little drina in her arms .
or a little harper , he thought as he closed the trunk and moved around to open the back passenger door and set it on the seat behind his own .
they quickly stowed everything in the trunk of victor 's car , then got in .
he opened the back door and handed her in and then closed it before carrying the case around to set it in the trunk .
hard to miss the way the two men studied her now , then exchanged a wordless look with each other before one of them went around back to get something out of the trunk .
nodding , i eyed the extra levers on the dash , imagining the canisters of nos that would fit in the huge trunk this thing had .
i whispered goodbye and grabbed my bag from his trunk .
her pale eyes were worried when i pulled back , but she was n't looking at me , her eyes were attached to teren 's back , watching him fill the trunk of his prius .
i watched him through the open door as he grabbed our belongings from the trunk .
adjusting the seat belt around my stomach , i listened to the sounds of the liquid vials in the trunk sloshing in time to the thumping music pouring from the speakers .
while jack and teren retrieved the suitcases of vials from the trunk , alanna and i finally separated .
the two girls giggled as onyx opened the trunk .
alexander grabbed his backpack from the trunk and threw it over his shoulder .
billy boy disassembled the front wheel from his bike , and alexander helped place it in the trunk .
he slammed the trunk lid shut .
if you guys get cold , there 's a blanket in the trunk . ''
spitting was more joshua 's talent than hers , but she did her best , making mud patties while stefan dragged the vampire bodies to the edge of the curving dirt road and , using the gas can from the car trunk , began a fire .
joshua was thrown into the trunk of a car , and the puppet walked with the characteristic jerky motions of a vampire - induced trance to the driver 's seat .
most of all he was very aware of the small , vulnerable boy in the trunk of a car , placed there as the instrument of the vampire 's revenge .
gregori glided over the cockroaches and blackened snakes , his feet never touching the carnage as he approached the open trunk of the car .
lisa walked in when he was bludgeoning her with a tire iron , and he knocked lisa down , put a bag over her head , threw her in the trunk of a car with my mother 's body and doused them with gasoline .
corinne had unlocked the trunk of the car using her unique gift .
he had n't told her where they were going , had simply rushed her down the back stairwell of the hotel to the parking garage below street level , tossed her into the trunk of the federal agents ' sedan , and sped away with her .
the sounds and smells , the bumps and turns of the tight network of streets , the general crackle of activity - her senses had known all of it as though she could almost picture the city from inside the cramped darkness of the trunk .
` ` you go on and put that cat carrier in front , and the suitcases can go in the trunk , '' he said .
` ` hundred bucks says the perp drove around with the vic in the trunk of his car . ''
using the remote esme had given her , she parked in the garage , and then grabbing her suitcase from the trunk , carefully navigated the slippery walkway to the house .
once they were finished , a crowbar was used to pop open the trunk , but nothing was found inside .
when he closed the trunk lid , he stood for a moment , a shovel in one hand , a hammer in the other as his gaze lifted to the upstairs window .
i 'd been in a car trunk before , and it had n't ended well for me .
ivy had a cab already , her catch stashed in the trunk so there would be more room for the rest of us .
` ` opened the trunk and let them run .
it was n't quite as if i could knock him out and lug him into the trunk .
` ` get into the trunk or i ' m going to teach you how i spell mink and make a pair of earmuffs out of you . ''
i 'd get him into the trunk somehow .
visions of francis in the trunk assailed me , and smiling my prettiest at the guard , i brought the car to a halt before the white stick across the road .
he laughed himself breathless watching you duct - tape mr . percy in his trunk , then almost murdered you after i told him you had broken into my front office . ''
she snatched her handbag off the pavement and grabbed her portfolio off the trunk .
carlos yelled at caitlyn , then aimed his weapon over the car trunk .
edward pulled the bike and my new gear out of the trunk of his car - i 'd been quite impressed that it had all fit .
mira pivoted , putting her back to the trunk as she kneeled on the floor and removed her contact lenses to their case .
the chauffer greeted our rush with politeness , but there was a twinkle in his gray eyes as he shoved my bags into the trunk .
you 'd better start talking quick , ivy , 'cause i ' m not going to play hide - and - seek with a dead guy in my trunk .
` ` they 're in the trunk , '' trent said quickly , and i cursed myself for even bringing it up as an excuse , since it implied that all he needed was to find my price .
` ` ten thousand for two nights , '' trent said , pulling two garment bags from the trunk .
the motor engaged and the trunk whined shut .
` ` what was in the trunk ? ''
uncle drac was helping the driver of the limo stuff his flowery bat case into the trunk .
at last the trunk of the car was closed and uncle drac got in .
i guessed that uncle drac had let a few of his bats out in order to get the suitcase into the trunk and they were fluttering around the limo as it followed the hearse .
the big black caddy was parked at the curb , and eve unlocked it and thoroughly checked it over , backseat and trunk , before putting claire inside of it .
` ` and if you so much as reach for a spell , i 'll yank your witch butt out of my car , cuff you , and throw you in the trunk .
` ` i still do n't see how helping one girl find a date imperiled other witches , '' i said , squinting at my mom as we reached into the trunk for my stuff .
alexander noticed jameson grabbing stormy 's suitcase and backpack from the trunk .
make sure it 's got sufficient trunk space . ''
` ` the only thing that has decent trunk space is pink . ''
the guitars , claire assumed , went in the trunk .
the handsome visitor popped open the trunk and reached inside .
i followed alexander outside , where sebastian was loading his final bag into his trunk .
` ` and what 's in your trunk . ''
while those veins drained , lash dragged himself to the mercedes , popped the trunk , and lifted the carpet section up .
it did n't take long to wrap up the seeping wounds on the human , and then lash picked him up and threw him in the trunk with all the regard a cabdriver would pay to cheap luggage .
popping the mercedes ' trunk , he lifted the carpeted panel , took out the bundle of coke , and loaded up both his non- nostrils before getting behind the wheel .
trouble was , if his extreme makeover did n't finish up fast , he was going to go through that stash in the trunk in a matter of days .
lash thought back to how much was left in the trunk of the mercedes -- and considered the fact that even now , the coke buzz was draining from him , leaving a whole lot of snooze in its wake .
ten minutes later , he reengaged the security alarm and backed out of the garage with the lv wardrobe trunk roped onto the ass of the convertible .
there was a padlock on the square double doors of the cap , but veck just went to the trunk of the unmarked and returned with a battery - powered sawzall .
back down on the street , he tossed his shit into the trunk and the rear seat .
` ` this way , '' jane said as she popped the trunk and took out one of his duffels .
i put her in the trunk of your car -- ` ` ` ` you what ? ''
the point is , when i saw you , you were hauling a dead chick into the trunk of his car .
something brushed by her , moving fast , and then the trunk of the sedan slammed closed before she 'd taken more than two steps .
then he let go and put the last suitcase into the trunk and slammed the lid .
jameson stood outside the mansion , packing thesterlings ' remaining bags into the trunk of the mercedes .
deciding to leave the boxes in the trunk , i rush across the campus yard , the snow crunching under my sneakers .
` ` i do n't think there is enough room for everything , '' alessandro announced with a frown as edward opened the trunk of the bmw .
` ` it 's bigger than it looks , '' harper said as they fit the last bag into the trunk .
` ` you do n't have to do that , '' i said , even though he was already loading my suitcase into the trunk .
the only place where he could see a problem was when he 'd crawled out of lester 's trunk and got into the backseat of her car at argeneau enterprises in full view of at least three security cameras .
paul had snuck onto the property in the trunk of lester 's car , but there was n't anything the other man could tell them .
paul had broken into lester 's garage , jimmied his trunk open , got in , and hitched a ride into argeneau enterprises .
moments before lester had returned to the car , paul had slid out of the trunk and made his way to jeanne louise argeneau 's car .
i rode to argeneau 's in the trunk of lester 's car .
` ` yeah , but all that would do is lead them to lester , and he had no idea i was in his trunk .
after spending the night in the trunk of a car i did n't want to put you there , and in the front seat it just looked like you were asleep .
it seemed livy was n't the only one tired out by the day 's fun , jeanne louise thought , her gaze sliding over his damp body in the wet trunks .
that would have been much simpler , not to mention easier than sneaking around , breaking into his friend 's car to get into the parking garage , and then hiding out in his trunk all night waiting for her to get done her shift .
she then hit the button to open the trunk as they all got out .
` ` i heard livy up and about in her room and got up to check on her , '' jeanne louise said with a shrug as she slipped out of his arms to move back to the trunk , where caro and marguerite were lifting out groceries .
propping them on one hip , she closed the trunk , and then shifted the cases back to both hands , and led the way toward the kitchen asking , ` ` so what did you do today ? ''
paul sighed and glanced to his daughter , frowning when he saw that she 'd lifted four cases of pop out of the trunk as if they weighed next to nothing .
he managed to get all of them out , and was about to close the trunk when it suddenly slammed shut for him .
christ , the kid must have moved like the wind to put the pop away , let the dog out and come back to close the trunk for him in the few short seconds it had taken him to gather the grocery bags in his hands .
but i hit him with a sleepy - time charm once and locked him in the trunk . ''
tyler opened the trunk and pulled out a six - pack .
she pulled a coat on over her black ninja outfit and lent daphne a spare sweater from the trunk of her car .
it was clear that the tall , well - built boy was n't going to fit in to the trunk ... at least , not with all his limbs attached .
` ` get the iv drip and the cooler of blood bags from the trunk , okay ? ''
matt was in good hands , bonnie thought , swinging open the trunk .
everyone else had disappeared into elena and damon 's apartment building by the time bonnie slammed the trunk and headed inside .
i was faintly dizzy as it began , and a soft tingling vibration followed , coursing through my trunk and then my arms and legs .
your guns are inside the two books inside the trunk .
i 'll put him into the trunk , and hope the sound of the shot goes unnoticed .
we should find him in his shiny black trunk .
once they 'd parked , her father went around and opened the trunk , which was filled with shopping bags .
maximilian 's trunk is in the car .
i mean peter 's got crap in his trunk that would fetch thousands of dollars at auction .
as long as i do n't have to put a body in my trunk or hide a bunch of cocaine , you know i ' m in . ''
it would be safer with her than in the trunk , instinct told me that .
the trunk of the car barely closes , but after dad jumps up and down on it , success !
` ` you want me to put my gear in the trunk ? ''
she opened the trunk for him , then invaded his personal space in a most distracting way .
` ` you really do live close to school , '' casey said as she got out and then opened her trunk for him to retrieve his backpack .
casey pulled him to her car , then put his backpack in her front trunk .
instead , the trunk was filled with dried plants , broken antiques , and assorted worthless - looking junk .
andy took it away from her and tossed it back in the trunk .
seth , shannon and ryder dove over the backseat , into the trunk space , and pressed themselves against the window .
balthazar rolled up courtney 's body in an old blanket that must have been in the trunk , which was where he put her .
by the time he was done cleaning up the area and locking the trunk , the worst of my sobbing had passed .
` ` she claims she 's got my back , but all the same , i ' m glad ranulf sneaked our weapons up here in his trunk . ''
by that time of night , everyone else was in bed , so the records room was deserted.the traps had all been moved to the lower levels of the school , hidden in trunks ; the room was just our hangout once more .
` ` we 're gon na get the six - packs out of the trunk .
quickly he popped the trunk .
he got out , went around to his trunk and removed his laptop bag .
but the same was n't true for gin , so i pulled my keys out of my pocket and popped open the trunk of my mercedes - benz .
a moment later , i pulled my blacksmith 's hammer out of the trunk and into the neon glare cast by the heart - and - arrow sign .
` ` nothing - ` ` before i could stop him , he reached down and popped open the lid on a silverstone case that lay on the right side of the trunk .
` ` come on , '' i said , slamming the lid down on the trunk .
finn boosted another car , a cadillac with a spacious trunk , and we headed for the nightclub .
` ` help me get this blood - sucking bastard into the trunk . ''
with its long body , fins , enormous trunk , and creamy white interior , it looked more like a hearse than a classic car , especially this late at night .
then he hit another button , which opened the trunk .
while the detective dug around in the trunk , i pulled out my cell phone and called finn .
donovan closed the trunk and came around the car to me .
donovan did n't have an extra pair of the shoes in the trunk , so i had to stick my feet back into my muddy boots .
then the giant moved over to stand by sophia , who had pulled a measuring tape out of her coveralls to see how many of the bounty hunters ' bodies she could squeeze into the trunk of her convertible .
while he did that , i rummaged around in the trunk , pulling out the tins of healing salve i 'd gotten from jo - jo .
while i drove toward fletcher 's house , i pulled out the spare cell phone that had been among the supplies in owen 's trunk and dialed finn 's number again .
a valet came over , took the convertible key from bria , and opened the trunk for a bellman , who started putting our luggage onto a large brass cart .
` ` besides , it would be so much easier to stab you to death in the parking lot , stuff you into the trunk , stop your car at the entrance to the covered bridge , and heave your dead carcass into the aneirin river .
i used the key to pop the trunk , which contained a couple of black duffel bags .
finn also had an extra suit , shirt , tie , and socks and a pair of glossy wing tips stowed in a small suitcase in the trunk , along with an iron .
after dropping them in the trunk , i grabbed a pair of socks out of the bag and sat on the rim of the open trunk .
after dropping them in the trunk , i grabbed a pair of socks out of the bag and sat on the rim of the open trunk .
* * * i hung up with bria , silenced my phone and clipped it to my belt , and closed the trunk on the aston martin .
one by one , she packed the bodies of grimes , hazel , and their men into the trunk of her classic convertible .
still , i went over to sophia , who had a tape measure out , trying to determine how many more bodies she could stuff into the trunk of roslyn 's car .
finn and bria glanced at each other , and then bria leaned into the trunk and slowly closed the lid on one of the cases .
i 'd kept all the weapons and ammo that had been in grimes 's trunk and the other vehicles , moving them into the underground tunnel below fletcher 's house for safekeeping , and the po - po had seized all of the weapons that they 'd found at the camp itself .
he got out , dapper and urbane in his thomas durand persona , popped the trunk , and took out an oblong object bundled in canvas and wrapped with a cord .
` ` i 'll get something to line the trunk with , '' sean said .
the woman checked the trunk , picked up the lone grocery bag , looked into it and frowned .
on the trunk , which served as a coffee table , fresh flowers sat in a glass vase .
i pulled my official order voice out of the mental trunk where i 'd kept it stashed for months , ever since i quit my tenure with the knights of merciful aid .
saiman reached into the trunk and retrieved a plastic pitcher tinted with hunter green .
he extracted a key chain from the trunk and carefully closed it .
now , we just had to carve a hole in the underground trunk sewer deep enough to reach the river 's water table so that we could ensure the flow of fresh water around where we intended to place the trap .
i only hoped the tunnels leading to the trunk sewer were wide enough not to need their own form of remodeling .
four hours and twenty - two minutes later , ian stared at the reassembled trap secured in the bottom of the trunk sewer , water sloshing over it from the adjoining hole we 'd torn through to reach the des moines river .
sarah used it to cart away francine and lisa instead , probably stuffing them in the trunk after binding and gagging them .
bones 's comment that my mother could sleep quite comfortably in the trunk was met with a heavy - lidded , evil look that only made him laugh .
the ghost had snuck into our trunk when we drove off , unnoticed by ed or scratch , but if we sent fabian in ahead of us , that would draw their attention to our phantom friend .
from my rearview mirror i saw tiny stuff the remains of the two vampires into his trunk , then he and band - aid were ready to go .
throw them in the trunk , and we 'll fight about it on the way out .
cooper , open the trunk , let 's get him in here . ''
` ` cooper , i do n't want you getting bloody , you ca n't green - eye someone into forgetting about it , '' i said as i hefted the lifeless man into the trunk .
cooper complied , picking up the nearest guy and shoving him into the trunk .
after the disastrous party , fabian had the presence of mind to follow gregor , haunting the trunk of whatever vehicle gregor drove or hitchhiking on various people who happened to be near gregor .
` ` we take them out one at a time and store them in the trunk , '' another added .
chance felt them tug his car keys from his hand , lift him up with much muttered cursing about being quick to avoid potential bystanders , and then the thump of landing in his own trunk .
you plopped him in the trunk and drove to your truck , where you chopped his bleedin ' head off and buried him in pieces .
he had sergio wrapped in plastic and tucked inside the trunk within a few minutes , whistling to himself all the while .
he squatted down next to me after he 'd closed the trunk with a bang .
` ` is he okay back there in the trunk ? ''
i refused to sit back in the car where my blood stained the seats and a body lay in the trunk .
` ` in the trunk . ''
` ` i have a hidden compartment built into the bottom of the trunk .
i stood watch , scanning the parking lot for any sign of madeline 's spies , while silvio opened the trunk and secured my weapons and jewelry .
he placed it back in the backpack along with the phone kit and lifted it all carefully into the trunk .
opening the trunk , he took a quick inventory of his kit : hammer and stakes , a mirror , a few strings of garlic , a half a dozen bottles of holy water , a saw and a crowbar , a flashlight , and a snub - nosed.38 .
he closed the trunk , then unlocked the door of his beat - up old chevy camaro and slid behind the wheel .
he went around to the trunk , grabbed a few necessary items , and made his way to the gate .
here he was , in the same room with a vampire , and all his gear was outside in the trunk of his car .
her second stop was at a discount store , where she bought several yards of heavy black plastic sheeting , which she put in the trunk along with the blankets .
hurrying out to the lexus , she opened the trunk and pulled out the plastic sheeting .
` ` here , in the trunk . ''
she tossed the blankets out of the trunk and removed the plastic sheeting that covered him .
he nodded and she helped him out of the trunk , her stomach churning with revulsion when she got a good look at him .
mr . underwood carried the vilnius out to her car , but it was too big to fit in the backseat , and too wide to fit in the trunk .
instead , he walked around it , pausing to run his hands over the trunk , the roof , the hood , the tires , the windshield .
kari opened the trunk and he dropped his packages inside .
she tossed her handbag into the trunk , closed it , and slipped her keys into her pocket .
staying as far away from him as she could , she fumbled in her handbag for her keys , unlocked the trunk , and placed her bag inside .
` ` let 's leave it here for now , '' he said , closing the trunk .
regan muttered , ` ` thirteen , bad luck , '' as she opened the door and went inside , leaving santiago to retrieve their luggage from the trunk .
after unlocking the trunk , he gathered their bags .
` ` wait , i ' ve got some packages in the trunk . ''
outside , he stowed their luggage in the trunk , then held the passenger door open for kay .
gideon pulled their suitcases out of the trunk , then locked the car .
` ` beats the hell out of verah 's basement , '' gideon remarked as he opened the trunk and removed her luggage .
kay shrieked as victor stuffed her into the trunk of his lexus and slammed the lid .
it had been easy to stow away in the trunk .
he had stowed away in the trunk of the waiting car , only to be jerked out of it when the car passed through the gate in the fence .
outside , erik stowed her suitcases in the backseat of his car , then opened the trunk so daisy could place the painting inside .
her overnight case - and the special accessories - were in the trunk .
she 'd just hidden the file in the trunk and slammed it shut when a peregrine falcon landed on it .
as they turned to leave , burnett asked della to ride back with kylie and leave holiday 's car , since it had the baby carrier in the trunk .
disturbed blasted loudly from the large speakers stuffed in the trunk moments before chris popped his head above the roof .
inside the trunk was the shard of akvan 's obelisk .
the driver popped the trunk and jumped out with roger .
the drivor wo nt to the trunk , popped it opon , and rotrioved two bags .
gus killed the ongino and popped the trunk .
ho swung his trunk door shut .
jeremy settled both guns into a case inside his mother 's trunk and lifted the cooler lid .
sali opened the trunk to scavenge from the cooler .
cori shouted at her sister , wynn screamed , hayes and jeff attempted to separate chad and sali only to be rebuffed and jeremy , angry and desperate to help chad , ran to the trunk of his mother 's car and pulled out both tranquilizer guns .
he had n't unpacked yet , so he 'd dressed quickly , brushed his teeth and ran a comb through his hair before hauling the bag from his new bedroom and loading it into the trunk of the cadillac .
ashe hauled bags from the trunk , hiding his surprise at adele 's words - he had n't expected anyone to be invited for a birthday celebration after he 'd said no .
no wonder he 'd seen a body bag in the trunk of the rental tony was driving .
the driver helped load our bags into the trunk ; goon had two , tony and i had one each .
the goon , dissatisfied with the driver 's packing skills , was rearranging our bags in the trunk while complaining to the driver .
the cabbie was nice and loaded my bags in the trunk .
we stowed our bags in the boot - that 's what russell calls the trunk , ( he has such a nice british accent ) and we were on our way .
winkler tossed the bag into the trunk on top of the other bags .
gavin ordered me into the back seat after stowing both our bags in the trunk .
putting gavin out of my mind forcefully worked temporarily , merrill helped get my bags into the trunk of the cadillac and we drove to the airport where the council 's private jet waited .
i breathe again and realize that all i can smell is the bitter preservation gas they must have filled the trunk with , and mom 's perfume is nothing but memory .
i hesitate , then reach back in the trunk for sun tzu 's the art of war .
i grab a flashlight from the trunk and set off through the woods .
it damn near killed me too , getting that thing into the trunk .
` ` pop your trunk so i can get my bike ? ''
` ` we could put them in the trunk , '' toby suggested desperately .
` ` i ' m not eating a burger that 's been in anyone 's trunk , '' cassidy said .
` ` i ' m afraid faulkner 's gon na offer to put your bike in his trunk again , and we all know he 'll kill himself lifting it . ''
` ` you know , rub their junk on them trunks ? ''
a valet pulls up with her black two - seater mercedes , and i put our bags in the trunk while she tips him .
when we arrive at the airport , he hops out to retrieve my bag from the trunk .
alek has all of the luggage except emma 's laptop bag , which she 's sliding onto her shoulder , and mine , which she hands me as she shuts the trunk lid .
there are probably several guns in the car , and who knows what 's in the trunk .
` ` sure , it 's in the trunk . ''
` ` i have a sleeping bag in the trunk , '' he offered suspiciously .
when we arrived at the soccer field , i raced ahead to join my friends while my dad unloaded the soccer balls out of the trunk .
when we pulled up to the airport drop - off , carl removed the suitcases from the trunk while anna awaited me on the curb .
i had been up all night and i was too tired to get my bags from the trunk .
' i 'll check us in if you want to grab your bag out of the trunk . '
that 's when i saw the other bags stacked in the trunk .
' smooth , ' jared teased , shutting the trunk as the girls stormed off .
i took a quick breath and peeled off my jeans , dropping them in the bag meg held open , and placing my shoes in the trunk among the cleats and soccer balls .
' you can drive , ' meg said , handing me the key before throwing the trash bag in the trunk .
i let meg and emma go in ahead of me , offering to get the bag of clothes from the trunk to give myself time to recover .
this was worse than the time link and i got locked in the trunk of emory 's dad 's car .
but harry had a car ; music blared from two enormous speakers in the wide - open trunk .
harry popped the trunk and pulled out his skateboard .
i pushed the button in the front to pop the trunk where i spotted a duffle bag stuffed full of laundry .
` ` only in our old dress - up - clothes trunk , '' i said , joking .
the lid of the trunk slammed shut , and the music bit off with a twang .
at first i was in the trunk of a car .
he throws them in the trunk , exchanging them for his nice ones .
she suggests we go back to the car and get the ` ` make - out blanket '' from the trunk .
rhiannon finds us a secluded picnic area , and surprises me by taking a feast from the trunk .
i asked , watching as he dug around in the trunk .
but alex stayed sitting , staring into the trunk .
i glanced in the trunk .
` ` in the trunk there 's a bag .
jai pulled the bags out of the trunk of the car , slinging ari 's over his shoulder .
she found a small lever and pulled it , stunned when the trunk popped open .
she could faintly make out the outline of a car with the trunk open .
carmine opened the trunk and pulled out an ax , slinging it over his shoulder .
besides , i ' ve never been thrown in the trunk of yours . ''
along the curb in front of her sat a black stretch limo , the driver hurriedly taking kelsey 's bags from her to toss in the trunk .
she attempted to put her own bag in the trunk but the driver stopped her , prying it from her hands .
i leaned out the window , my breath puffing small white clouds in front of my face as he shimmied up the trunk .
sometimes it 's like people leave their brain in the trunk before they get behind the wheel of a car , and that 's exactly what was happening here .
but bex only grinned and reached into the trunk , revealing a bulging trash bag just like the ones that lined the street .
dramatically , she pulled the jack out of the trunk and cocked an eyebrow .
within seconds , bex and i had the spare tire out of the trunk , and madame dabney was illustrating the finer points of lug - nut - loosening , but all i could do was look up and down bellis street .
madame dabney asked as she eased the jack out from beneath the car and bex went to put the ruined tire in the trunk .
she pulled one of my bags from the open trunk .
bex and i both leaned forward , watched the way the limo 's headlights sliced through the water as a propeller emerged from the trunk and began churning , pushing us through the murky haze like a submarine .
i guessed , but bex 's mother was already out of the car walking toward the trunk .
before i knew it , mr . baxter had our bags out of the trunk and mrs . baxter was hugging bex , whispering in her ear .
when another shot rang out , piercing the trunk we lay behind , i knew that help may as well have been a million miles away .
( even if catherine was locked in the trunk . )
` ` and , of course , even if she is recovered , fifteenth - century paintings do not do well when they are shoved into duffel bags or thrown into the trunks of cars . ''
i lift my suitcase into the trunk of my car , shut it , and then stand here , jingling my keys .
we grabbed an umbrel a and a tote filled with bottled water , snacks , sunscreen , and towels out of the trunk , then hiked down old orchard street until it dead - ended at the beach .
chapter 30 i was crammed into the trunk of a black audi a6 , with my hands tied and a blindfold blocking my vision .
footsteps crunched through gravel , a key scraped the inside of the lock , and the trunk popped open .
unless you have a forty - foot ladder stashed in the trunk of the neon , window peeping is probably out . ''
soda is still in the trunk .
i looked around for another door or way out , but the trunk was empty except for the door we came in .
when the bodies were cleared away , he grabbed the bottle of wine from the trunk and retired to a far corner , brooding into the glass .
i scribble a note to her , dump my backpack and throw in the stuff from the kit mom packed so long ago in that trunk : a couple vials of holy water , a stake and i kiss the cross around my neck before climbing out my window .
` ` in the trunk of the car ? ''
she spills out of the trunk and falls into my arms .
i pick up a rocket launcher but nine says it wo n't fit in the trunk .
' shut up and get in , johnny , ' he says , tossing his bags into the trunk .
my dad pulls a backpack out of the trunk and hands it to me .
while nine shows sarah the controls inside the civic , i join six at the trunk , where we load our gear .
six groans , slamming the trunk closed and rounding on me .
my father out of uniform , in a pair of flower - print swim trunks , pulling a cooler filled with cookout supplies out of the trunk of our family 's convertible .
once outside , she stopped next to a new volkswagen and unlocked the trunk .
back home , we each grabbed a side of a bag and hauled it out of my trunk .
opening the trunk , i ran my hand along the carpeted bottom , searching for the release to the spare tire .
we folded up our dresses carefully and placed them in the trunk while carissa and lesa climbed in the backseat .
tegan winks at me , before grabbing something out of his trunk and tossing it at me .
` ` alice always keeps suits in the trunk of the car , '' jase tells me , just as my cell phone rings .
rustling through the available suits in the trunk , buried under lacrosse sticks and soccer balls , gatorade bottles and sports bar wrappers , i get what jase means .
there were no farms this side of coral lake , no reason for a scarecrow , especially one that looked like it had been dumped from the trunk of a car .
he would have noticed that the trunk they forced him into belonged to a navy - blue taurus , like the kind his brother drove .
heather packed the trunk with a blanket , beach towels , mosquito repellent , and sunscreen ; a stack of old , waterlogged magazines from anne 's living room ; a cooler full of iced tea ; several bags of chips ; and creaky beach chairs with faded , striped seats .
dodge and bishop helped heather clear out the trunk , and together they all went pushing through the woods , loaded down with towels and beach chairs and the cooler clinking ice .
outside , alex takes tools out of the trunk .
i pull my duffel out of the trunk and follow alex inside .
in the car , after he shoves the blankets in the trunk and mumbles something about having to go to the laundromat to clean them , we drive through the dark , empty streets in silence .
a man stood next to a white car in the home depot lot , struggling to lift a heavy barrel of what looked like propane into the trunk of his car .
hanna watched as he lifted the second tub of propane , struggling to fit it in the trunk next to the other one .
he had shut the trunk and was now holding his cell phone to his ear , his posture rigid , his shoulders square .
` ` i 'll get your stuff out of the trunk . ''
i stuck your bike in my trunk . ''
when i woke up , i was in the trunk .
no , sure , there was nothing likely to attract attention in two black limousines parking in north audley street in broad daylight so that men in suits could carry the lost ark out of the trunk of one of the cars , over the sidewalk , and into the church .
he paid them no mind , passing through the trunk of the last taxi as he stood up with the ball , and happily ran back to the plaza .
then clarence smashed the driver 's window of the nearest parked car , popped the trunk , and grabbed a crowbar in his living hand .
will has already rounded to the back of the jeep so i press the trunk lever for him .
` ` you 're so cute , '' he says as he reaches in the trunk and grabs four sacks with one hefty swoop .
* * * as will is reaching into the trunk for another handful of groceries , kel and caulder run out of the house , followed by my mother .
he hands me the sacks as he shuts the trunk .
will helps my mother and i grab the supplies out of the trunk and we all head inside .
grant popped the trunk and grimaced at the sight of the jumper cables laying scattered across the back , along with a pair of grubby sneakers .
grant gave her his favorite disapproving look and then began to heft suitcases into her car 's small trunk while the others stood around .
he gave elise 's bag a shove , trying to make it fit into the small trunk .
i check the glove compartment and the trunk , just to make sure , but there is no folder , period , so i walk back toward franks ' room feeling sorta annoyed , because i want to get this plan rolling .
i was aware of jericho tying the man up and carrying him to the trunk of his vehicle .
the women piled in after me and the driver placed my carry - on suitcase and backpack in the trunk before sitting back down into the driver 's seat and taking off .
kiran stepped out of the vehicle , pulling a few large bags from a trunk i would have assumed was too small for them .
` ` it 's in the cooler in the trunk , lilly and roxie packed us some snacks so we would n't have to stop . ''
i unbuckled and leaned across the back seat , reaching with an extended arm into the trunk , awkwardly pulling a blue cooler across the seats .
someone from the palace flight staff unloaded our bags from the jet and transferred them to the trunk of the sedan as we walked through the hot summer humidity and climbed into the cool , air - conditioned backseat , leaving our accompanying titans to pile into two other cars that would escort us to the paris palace .
i walked outside and threw my backpack in the trunk of the fiat and then went on a mission to hunt down amelia .
` ` it 's good to see you too , sis , '' i grumbled , throwing my backpack in the trunk of her land rover while eden and amelia hugged tightly .
we carried the boxes down to the land rover and loaded them in the trunk .
two hours later , shopping bags stored in the trunk of piper 's parents durango , we met back up with the guys at a city based pizza chain .
i drop my backpack and my cake into the trunk .
she unlocked the trunk , her mobile closet .
after we grabbed a blanket from the trunk of my car , we headed down to the beach .
danny and cooper grabbed bags and a small cooler out of the trunk .
the guys grabbed the bags that were on the ground and packed them into the trunk of taylor 's car .
he tossed her suitcase in the trunk and hopped into the driver seat .
andrew asks , shutting the trunk .
i close the trunk , and we head into the hotel lobby .
he walks around to the trunk and gets a bottle of water .
andrew pops the trunk and grabs the blanket he always keeps back there , the same one we used the night we tried to sleep in that field last july .
` ` there right here , '' andrew says from the trunk .
andrew tosses the guitar in the trunk and takes the blanket from me , throwing it back there with it .
i kiss her on the lips and head outside to the car where the electric guitar she bought me for my birthday is hiding in the trunk .
it felt likes weeks before we arrived at his car and he dragged me toward the trunk .
weeks ago , when all hell started breaking loose , elliott told me if anything ever happened to him and jesse got to me that i should encourage being transported in his trunk because i could kick out a tail light and push my arm through to get the attention of passing vehicles without jesse having any knowledge of it .
he snapped my body to the back of his car and with one hand gripped tightly on my upper arm , he opened his trunk and removed a length of rope and a roll of duct tape .
i felt deflated that he did n't put me in the trunk .
i hear the hydraulic hiss of a trunk opening wide .
the trunk slams shut again , and all is quiet .
there 's another sharp bleep , and then the trunk latch pops .
i thought of the dark shadow hovering over me in the trunk from the memory i 'd just been given .
the broad - shouldered figure pulling me out of the trunk .
i recalled the broad - shouldered shape standing over me in the trunk and wondered the same thing .
and what about the shock of red hair i 'd seen through my blindfold when the assailant pulled me from the trunk ?
all i could do was watch helplessly ... ... chapter 31 not funny , bitches the blurry , shadowed figure grabs my shoulders and pulls me out of the trunk .
but what if she did that and then the police found sutton 's body in the trunk ?
with a deep , fortifying breath , emma climbed out and lifted her tennis bag from the trunk .
it was here that my friends dragged me from the springs to the trunk of my car on the night of the snuff film prank , the same night laurel nearly choked me to death .
due to the 110 - degree heat , it 's clogged with people in trunks and bikinis , each person more beautiful and toned than the last .
` ` in the trunk of dal 's car .
we ' ve lined the whole trunk with plastic , covered that with ice , laid down row after row of beer , and poured more ice over that .
their video game consoles and laptop computers were all toted out to finn 's car and placed in his trunk .
the cart might be easy for her to maneuver but lifting the heavy luggage into her trunk by herself ?
he hit a button and a sorry excuse for trunk space appeared at the rear of the vehicle .
i threw my seabag and pack into the trunk and wedged myself inside the even tinier interior .
upon arriving , i pulled my gear out of the trunk and followed bo into the home he shared with noah and three other guys - one complete with full floor to ceiling plate glass windows at the rear that overlooked a pool .
` ` so much better than the lion yarn trunk show , margo . ''
i trotted after him and when we reached his car , bo popped the miniscule trunk where i saw a gym bag and nothing else .
i pulled out my gym bag out of the trunk and unzipped it .
they were looking at something in the trunk of aspen 's car .
i had no choice but to dive in the trunk .
* * * ` ` are you sure you do n't want to ride in the trunk ? ''
pretty soon i 'll get a job , then i 'll have wheels and you wo n't ever have to worry about lugging me around in your trunk again . ''
the girls were grabbing their bags out of the trunk so i went over .
he pointed to the trunk .
` ` open the trunk , '' he said .
` ` be quiet and help me , '' said the thin grey man , ` ` or i shall put you in the trunk with my nearest and dearest . ''
` ` once he asked me to unzip the leather flap at the end of the trunk and stick my head in to see how his nearest and dearest friend was getting along .
but i would not because i had seen him catch a beautiful blue bird with red feathers round its neck and stick it through the same zipper , and all there was was an uncomfortable sound from the trunk , something like orulmhf . ''
glumphvmr came from the trunk .
this sound was not from the trunk ; it was amos swallowing his last piece of sausage much too fast .
the only sound was from the trunk : grublmeumplefrmp ... hic !
` ` loosely translated , '' said lea : ` ` ' one 's duty is often a difficult thing to do with the cheerfulness , good nature , and diligence that others expect of us ; nevertheless ... ' ` ` ` ` and when the thin grey man fell into the trunk , '' said amos , ` ` it did n't make any sound at all . ''
` ` go see what 's in the trunk , '' said jack .
flynn popped the trunk and pulled out a small cooler he had packed before we left .
jake approached the trunk of the car and peered through the rear window .
she crossed to the trunk of the car and fetched her other bag .
i slung my bag into the trunk and allowed connie the full embrace of my small - talk - free silence as we drove along the harbor and then up the rocky coastline .
a faraway cubicle and simple tasks : compose a mailing list for the trunk sale invitation .
getting out of the car , john rummaged through the trunk , selecting gear .
` ` i popped the trunk , unwrapped the forty - niner , and set him behind hanaver 's gravestone .
hope your mom stashed a life raft in the trunk .
` ` hurry up , i have eric in the trunk . ''
he got out , looked around , opened the trunk , and hauled eric over to room 6 .
he unhooked his mask , placed it inside , then shut the trunk , locked it , and removed the key .
so it was likely that wendlynite soldiers had somehow lost a trunk of their blades in some storm .
my dad took kian while i opened the trunk .
` ` i ' m going to go start getting boxes out of the trunk , '' i tell him as i slip out of his arms .
` ` i need to unload it now , '' i tell him , leaning into the trunk to grab a box .
the toyota was a wreck , and the trunk had been popped , the spare tire left leaning against the rear fender .
reaching in , she found the right button , popped the release , heard the trunk click open .
backing out with the trunk mat , her eye fell on a corner of white and red protruding from beneath the spare tire .
but if someone had stashed the pack into the trunk for a rainy day , he 'd need a light .
elated , she ducked out of the trunk , shovel in one hand and the matchbox held high in the other - and then the stink of rotted flesh cut right through the lingering aroma of stale tobacco .
her dad once stowed something just like it in the trunk of his cruiser because , by definition , all cops were firstresponders .
open the trunk . ''
` ` first aid kit in the trunk , '' the boy said again .
` ` i got some flares we can set up , and i think my dad stowed a couple walkie - talkies in the trunk that he uses when he goes hunting .
i ' ve got a shovel in the trunk , and we need to keep the tailpipe clear . ''
of the two measly flares tony had dug out of the camry 's trunk , one was useless , the paper corroded and the powder inside dribbling out , which eric said was probably magnesium and explosive when exposed to water .
chapter 17 we loaded the box and two trash bags full of natalie 's stuff into the trunk of trip 's car and drove to lu 's town house at the mountain .
i 'd meant to tell the story of when ulrik had finally sold the escort , how he 'd cooked four pounds of bacon and put it in the trunk when people came to look at it because he 'd read that real estate agents baked cookies to sell houses to women .
` ` i was there for a while , staring at all the useless junk in the back - like , ulrik had a hockey mask in the trunk , and it kept on looking at me like you 're an idiot , sam roth .
no chance that i ' m going to brain you with a beer bottle and put you in my trunk .
my bag was packed , actually , sitting in the trunk of sam 's car in my parents ' driveway .
` ` could n't be okayer , '' she said , popping the trunk .
the backseats of the tahoe were folded down to make more room , and inside the extended trunk were three bodies .
ladies and gentlemen , my trick for you today will be to take this 1973 camaro - removing the spare tire from the trunk , gansey abandoned it beside a streetlight .
noah mucked about in the trunk of the car ; she 'd put a few bags of mulch and some bedding plants in there , and some more in the backseat .
he felt the soft leather and the worn edge of the fob ; the cold metal of the ring and the trunk key ; the thin , sharp promise of the ignition key between his fingers .
it should n't have happened at all , but their friendship had been cemented in only the time it took to get to school that morning - adam demonstrating how to fasten the camaro 's ground wire more securely , gansey lifting adam 's bike halfway into the trunk so they could ride to school together , adam confessing he worked at a mechanic 's to put himself through aglionby , and gansey turning to the passenger seat and asking , ` ` what do you know about welsh kings ? ''
the bird man 's corpse was in the bmw 's trunk , and undoubtedly a dreadful scientific process was happening to it .
` ` why is there a bungee cord around the trunk ? ''
in the trunk of the champagne abomination , the gray man had fuel cans and two peruvian pots that were too hot to sell yet wrapped in dora the explorer blankets , so he put the bodies in the backseat , buckling them so they would n't flop around too much .
i ' m going to pop the trunk and you 're going to scrape that thing into it .
matthew was in the trunk .
as he tore around the car , he saw matthew kick the trunk open the rest of the way .
his brain kept replaying the image of matthew climbing out of the trunk , fire hitting the car , kavinsky falling - he 'd had so many nightmares of something happening to him .
ronan slammed the car door - he slammed everything - before heading to the trunk .
ronan hefted a gas can from the trunk , making little effort to keep the greasy container from contacting his clothing .
` ` pop the trunk , '' he ordered .
` ` the trunk . ''
abeke 's startled voice came from inside the trunk .
mom pressed the button to open the trunk .
and i did n't want to ask him to stop and let me get the private - chef cookies out of the trunk , because that would be like a sneaky way of asking him to buy me dinner .
a smarter person than i might ' ve thought twice about bringing explosives along on our trip , but we were feeling vulnerable , and both the dog and emu - raffe swore that if we were gentle with the eggs they would n't go off , so we nestled them carefully between the sweaters in bronwyn 's trunk .
hugh nodded gratefully and opened the trunk lid .
and what if she ran out of air , locked in that trunk ?
` ` our trunk ! ''
a train whistle screeched and was echoed inside bronwyn 's trunk , where miss peregrine was being tossed around like laundry in the wash . too light on her feet to run , olive clung to bronwyn 's neck , trailing behind her like a half - deflated balloon on a string .
` ` i got a .22 in my trunk .
his trunk had been scissored open and emptied out , ice filling the cavity where his vitals had been .
swig and mingus returned , carrying between them a linen napkin that they unfolded in the trunk to reveal an instant picnic of white cake , walnuts , sugared plums , and damp , dirty radishes just plucked from the garden .
he popped the trunk and pulled out a beat - up old duffel bag .
he popped the trunk and unzipped a large canvas bag that sat inside .
he tossed the weapons back into the bag , slammed the trunk closed , and we climbed into the taurus .
i pulled the hood of my parka over my head as op nine got the bag from the trunk .
` ` can you pop the trunk for me ? ''
mr . needlemier dropped the duffel into the trunk .
the adults were unloading the luggage from the trunks of both cars while the four boys , dave and rob in the lead , headed around the lodge to the beach .
he grabbed the top two , a book and a comic book , closed the trunk and hurried out , careful to close the door quietly .
do we , uh , have a blanket in the trunk or something , tarren ?
i had a towel in the trunk , and i tried to clean him up .
tied him up , took his costume , threw him in the trunk .
i follow the smell back toward the trunk .
a lumpy bundle wrapped in a tarp lies in the trunk .
is there a body in the trunk ?
i hear the body listing in the trunk .
the bundle in the trunk shifts whenever the car turns .
there s a sawed - off shotgun in the trunk right ?
i just lie on the back seat , close my eyes and do nt think about the rabbits hanging out in the trunk , being alive and taunting me with their whippet - quick hearts all thudding out of sync .
when they come back , gabe puts my new bag in the trunk , and i make like nothing possibly portending a fratricidal end to our little family has recently occurred .
he goes around back , opens the trunk .
when he does , i notice the slightest dip in the vehicle as he lays her body down in the trunk .
he headed toward the rear of the cab , meeting the driver there at the trunk .
manny heard the trunk of the car open , and then a few moments later another light flicked on .
slade was certain this was the trunk of his dreams .
slade prayed he had made the right decision in pursuing trunk and was not condemning himself and wulfstan to what would surely be a slow and protracted death if they were caught .
as the spider opened and closed its round mouth , exposing its razor sharp fangs the halfling woman screamed , a piercing note that seemed to be almost a counterpoint to trunks continuing screams of terror .
spinning around nikolai searched for something that would help them herd the spiders away , not only from trunk but also from the tunnel leading outside .
if trunk were to be confronted with spiders in the confined space of the tunnel there was no way of knowing what might happen .
he appeared to be completely engulfed by the flames , his screams of pain filling the sudden gap left by trunks abrupt silence .
i did nt know the full extent of who was behind this and i was nt willing to risk trunk anymore than i already had .
maybe there s a jack in the trunk ?
we need them to unlock the trunk so we can get the jack out .
charlie brought the purse around to the back where we waited behind the trunk .
but , the trunk was stuck shut .
shad stuck the blade in the trunk opening .
when he threw his weight against the spade the trunk lid popped up like a bagel in the toaster .
they were hidden inside a suitcase lying in the cabs trunk , and over the drugs were found also faked bucks , maybe hundred thousands .
count on it , adam , tommy promised , opening the trunk of the rolls , placing his equipment and weapons inside , then walking around to the front door and got behind the wheel .
a christian fish , like josie had seen countless times on the trunk lids and bumpers of cars around town .
the shapeshifter walked to the rear of the small two - door , and opened the trunk .
the shapeshifter picked up the body of the chef from his trunk , careful not to spill any blood from the cavernous wound in the humans chest .
mohammed took a small case from the trunk , said something to mohan , and returned to the building as the car pulled away .
fuck , i managed tersely , peering through the window and seeing another massive goon with a gun , twisting on his feet as he stood in the middle of the road , tracking us as amanda zoomed past him and firing off several more bullets that slammed into the trunk of the car .
taking the most enormous swallow i could , somehow hoping that would allow me to breathe properly again , i turned carefully , ensuring that the bulk of my body could not be seen past the trunk .
they dumped luggage in the trunk and entered the back seat , greeting the woman .
the boy opened the trunk , where i thrown my bag and got up in the car , saying hi to his parent .
jay said , while he opened the trunk .
the course has been around since 1913 , said jonny as they parked their car and opened up the trunk for one of the staff to retrieve their clubs .
park in the parking lot at the south end of the stadium somewhere in the middle of the lot and stand by the trunk of your car .
shortly a middle aged asian climbed out of the car and , leaning up against the trunk , lit a cigarette .
mr . pan got out and opened the trunk waving george over .
he led them up into the multi level parking and to a nondescript honda accord , threw the bags in the trunk and exited on # 99 south .
the wounded agent on the limousines trunk was heard weakly yelling , go !
bud , you know people have had a habit of keeping battery jumper cables in their cars trunk .
why do nt we look in the trunk of this car and see if maybe there might be a pair of booster cables ?
are you crazy lou , who would carry around a pair of cables in their trunk ?
gim me the trunk key , demanded lou .
as the old 1949 ford sat there with its motor humming , lou , grinning , turned to bud , you got anything to say mr . who - would - carry - cables - in - their - trunk know - it - all ?
( indistinct yelling ) ( indistinct screaming ) agent on limousines trunk yelling , go !
they filled boxes with desk files and put them in the trunk of the car along with erics computer .
most of the cars had been painted to look like patriot taxis , but only six had the bombs installed in the trunk .
individual bombs would fit inside the trunk of a standard taxicab .
the ranger pulled the trunk release lever .
the airman crawled back out of the trunk .
the eod team opened the trunk and climbed in .
the eod airmen were trying to hide in the car trunk .
she knew that if she threw the bag too heavily into the trunk , the clattering of metal would generate unwanted interest from the other girls ; she also knew that it would be noticed if she suddenly abandoned her casual manner to place the bag more carefully .
beth nodded and he took her backpack and placed it into the trunk .
the trunk closed with a thud and he held the rear door open .
thank you miss , said the driver rushing to collect her backpack from the trunk .
he placed it deep within the trunk of the limousine and closed it with a thud .
he opened the trunk for the backpack and then opened the door for beth .
the trunk was dark and eerily quiet .
hello , finch said with a nod as he rounded the tank and opened the trunk .
he pulled a huge , weathered tome from the trunk along with a flashlight and dropped them into a duffel bag finch was holding open .
i saw the glint of moonlight on metal as he pulled something from the trunk .
angell said , opening the trunk .
angell said , going to the trunk .
angell took his trolley and a backpack , closing the trunk , making amira to come back from the clouds .
the next day , he is working there as a replacement for the regular barista who is sick and totally not tied up in the trunk of his car .
the young boy looked back up at mr . funakoshi , who was fishing through the trunk of his car for something .
then right in the middle of the trunk a door , that they had nt noticed before , opened .
ted reached the rear of a rusty old land yacht and leapt onto the trunk lid , running up the rear window and onto the roof .
luckily , the hood and trunk lid had been cannibalized from the car years before .
he withdrew a backpack from the trunk , empty except for a sleeping bag secured to the frame .
fortunately , the driver had a trunk full of tools and spare parts .
i kept my back to the trunk , releasing a heavy breath .
george and phillip were in front , steve was in the trunk hold on .
inside the trunk , under the panel where the spare would go , was an armament of various assault rifles , shot guns , pistols , and ammo .
stryker braked hard and shut off the camaro , hit the trunk release button , jumped out of the car , locked and slammed the door behind him .
using the trunk lid for cover , stryker called out to them , throw your guns out and get out of the vehicle !
she asked stryker to use the remote to open the trunk .
the glass was smoked and dark , but what immediately impressed candace was the blue strobe flashing light strip at the top of the trunk , in the back window , front window and the grill !
he then helped bud load his luggage into the trunk as well as his own .
i 'll put them in the trunk , so they 'll be out of your way , '' alex said .
she emptied her rucksack into the trunk .
andre handed the driver a generous sum of money and they unloaded their belongings from the trunk and watched the driver leave .
he slung his bags in the trunk and snapped at abu in french , stick your baggage in here too .
abu tossed in his dirty and smelly bag , drew shut the trunk and both of them moved to the passenger door to try to open it .
sunlight faded and lucy blended in with the trunk .
aside from the tiger in the trunk , their car was filled with exotic african animals .
just as he was starting to get worried , the lid flew up and about 240 pounds of seriously furious tiger shot out of the trunk .
do not let anyone look inside the trunk .
they made their way back to the car and told the zombie he d done a very good job at keeping people out of the trunk .
he was hidden in the trunk of the van .
suddenly , she went and opened the trunk door .
as vampire dude took off with the trunk still open , snowy bravely jumped into the backseat with larry .
but now , i really wish i did nt put those dead piglets in the trunk of your car .
an officer aimed a rifle at kayzis car and fired a spider - like apparatus into the trunk .
we were in the parking lot , and i was putting my clubs and golf shoes into the trunk of my ford focus .
i changed back into my flip flops , closed the trunk and made my way around to the drivers side .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ i had driven my focus to the course , and when i was done with the round , deposited my clubs in the trunk .
he popped the trunk and set his guitar inside before reaching to the very back and grabbing a large , dirty metal case .
it took a couple of minutes to get his purchase out of the trunk of the full sized american built taxi with the help of the driver .
he did and she said , ` ` now slowly exhale into halima 's trunk . ''
he watched her bottom move under the short jacket when she stooped and picked up her tennis shoes and threw them into the trunk along with her father 's old dress shirt .
is the trunk open ?
after she had unlocked and raised the trunk lid joanna took a sears shopping bag out of the trunk which she handed to brad with a smile .
after she had unlocked and raised the trunk lid joanna took a sears shopping bag out of the trunk which she handed to brad with a smile .
i ' ve already washed and shrunk them hoping they 'll fit ok . '' after laying his gear carefully in the trunk he took the offered bag and took out the first pair of levi 's he had every owned , along with a red , yoke front cowboy shirt with small round mother of pearl buttons down the front .
i guessed the spare space in the trunk was sufficient for the others luggage .
i realized there was just enough space in the trunk for dans bag .
i stopped the suv so that he was close to the trunk ; and pressed the button on the control panel to open the trunk .
i stopped the suv so that he was close to the trunk ; and pressed the button on the control panel to open the trunk .
actually , yes there are a few more in my trunk , she says .
but it was in the trunk with all the stolen things , she reminded them .
does nt look as though he s about , meatball murmured , pulling out the binoculars and pushing them through the gap at the side of the panel in solomons trunk .
the gunthat one in gullivans trunk are you off your head ?
terris words wafted out in swirls into the icy air inside the trunk .
if i remember correctly , the stuffs are supposed to be in the trunk ?
the traffickers brought tasha outside and put her into the trunk of the truck .
they ve tied up jake , and put a tape on his mouth and threw him on the trunk too .
i stepped inside before answering and placed my bag beside me instead of putting it inside the trunk .
greg waited dumbly for the trunk to pop open as julie took the bags .
as anticipated , the trunk was filled to capacity with enough of kims belongings to crisscross the country in a variety of outfits to rival a soap opera character nine times over .
he pulled his body out of the trunk then reached back for julie .
once her luggage was secured in the trunk , he carefully eased her into the passengers seat .
raj was standing beside him examining the large black canvas bags that lay within the open trunk of a large beige colored car parked nearby .
dan walked to the rear of the car and lifted two of the large heavy bags from the trunk with relative ease ; he marveled at his newly acquired strength .
raj slammed the trunk closed and walked towards the hotel entrance leaving dan to follow carrying the heavy bags .
the ruck safely locked away in the trunk .
he decided he needed to get out and check the trunk of the car , because it sure was nt anything in the backseat , but it was coming from that direction .
as baca handed him the keys to the trunk , rodolpho felt a humiliation that made him angry .
and , believe me , seor , this plan is a lot better than stuffing you in my trunk ! ''
the car ahead of baca 's required the policeman to check the trunk .
the driver of the car ahead took a long time explaining the oranges inside a secret compartment of the trunk .
` ` in the trunk of his ltd , '' jo - jo said .
a voice somewhere beyond the trunk speaks up .
cody gets out then walks to the trunk .
in london , the trunk of a car is known as the boot .
she took the extra step of putting her briefcase in the trunk just so she could check out the area behind her .
the ratings of the station have been considerably low in the past year she opened the trunk of the car for toji to place his bag in it , then moved ahead and sat in the driving seat , while her husband sat next to her , and their daughter took her place in the back .
this job at that magazine , that shall remain nameless , but that is still in print and is one of those that displays on its glossy cover pictures of heaving , hulking , power - overdosed cars and trucks with sexy , exotic , model girls in provocative poses draped here and there and all over the hoods and trunks , would begin in the morning with me sitting down at a grey metal and glass desk in a little office with glass walls on one side that looked out over atlanta .
on arrival his bags awaited him and a bellman quickly loaded into the trunk .
the rest of his equipment was stored in the trunk .
taking his pack from the trunk he set off on foot using a hand held gps for directions .
anya got in while elisabeth opened the trunk and pulled out a small travel bag which she handed to anya .
it seemed like a hundred years ago when he brought the stuff across the border from france in the trunk of a citroen .
jorge went down to the car and retrieved another louis vuitton satchel from the trunk .
she nodded , opened the trunk , and unzipped her bag .
johnson had turned down half the back seat and pulled a large metal tube out of the trunk .
he walks over and brushes more of the snow away from the trunk and the rear windshield and says , ` ` holy shit , man , take a close look at the rear window . ''
the trunk is riddled with holes and the safety glass of the rear window has multiple star burst cracks .
mark puts the empty gas can in the trunk , hops in the car and dials pete .
the back seats were loaded with her bags and the extra weapons and supplies that did n't fit in the small trunk .
leaving her weapons bag safely locked in the trunk of the porsche , the only other weapons in the hotel , besides jake 's knife she 'd hidden behind the television cabinet , were her own knife and glock she carried in her purse , which she 'd purposely stashed on the tank of the toilet in the bathroom to keep away from jake .
there is c4 in a bag in the trunk with detonators , alyse replied .
i popped the trunk and gabriel did some digging .
he threw the empty bag in the trunk and shut it .
wendell reached in and grabbed the guys collar , yanking him up to a seated position in the trunk .
* * * i went back in the house and found ellen still sitting forced into that perfect posture on the sofa , the legs of her jeans knitted together like the poor guy in the trunk , the cuffs of her wrists connected to her lap .
cursing , he leaned further out from the trunk .
said antoine , as the cab driver helped lo pull the bags from the trunk .
the driver shut the trunk , and lo noticed that tiny was talking to ty in a hushed tone .
i asked as i dropped my backpack into the trunk and shut the lid .
nolan relieved her of the suitcase and carried it to the charger and put it in the trunk alongside his duffel bag .
we can cover the bedroom window with the closet and you could get into the trunk .
i mean , in the trunk you will not be able to breathe for long , if you are a vampire that will not matter and if you are not then just open it or call me and i will help you .
then the proceeded to clean up the trunk and as soon as it was ready , he squeezed into it .
once ready , guillem squeezed back into the trunk and saw lissette close it .
do you need help to get out of the trunk ?
lissette helped him get out of the trunk .
they gathered together the money , handed it over and wandered out of the cab in a shocked daze as the taxi driver unloaded their luggage from the car trunk .
her gun was in a case in her trunk , for target practice tonight .
he raised his backpack , which he d refused to let kara put in the trunk with his suitcase .
he placed the suitcases in the trunk of his car and slammed it shut .
her father got the wheelchair out of the trunk , while the media outside snapped one picture after another .
there s a spare tire and some jump cables in the trunk .
she rolled up and over the top of the car instead , then back down the trunk and onto the street .
bridget moved the wire cage and opened the army trunk .
yeah , in the trunk of the car .
okay , i said , bending down into the trunk again .
he d been to the trunk of the car , clearly .
well need to check the trunk .
i edged around the trunk lid and sighed when i looked down .
he was pinned between the cars , legs crushed , and his upper body had fallen into the open trunk .
the trunk was full of large test tubes .
your father , in an effort to save you lowered the seat in the back and put you in the trunk of the car .
my father told me it was time to play the quiet mouse game before getting me secured in the trunk .
i remembered trying to breathe calmly as the walls of the trunk seemed to move in on me infinitesimally as the seconds ticked on .
the last memory transported me back to the trunk of the car , where my head was pounding , and i looked around to see nothing but blackness .
i remember her calming assurance and i remember your big hazel eyes staring up at me from the trunk of that car like i was a savior and not the coward i truly am .
he pointed the key at the car to pop the trunk , and as his finger hit the button , the man in the van hit enter .
leaving the games in their trunk , i retrieved my new mirror , comb , hairbrush , ribbons , pins , hairnets , jewelry , and various other small accessories and laid them out on the empty shelves fixed to the walls .
` ` there might be some motor oil in the trunk , '' johnny said .
he replaced the box in the trunk and put the vial in a compartment in his leathers .
antares has to go do something to make sure your nightmares and the monster in your trunk stay away forever , all right ?
her bags were in the trunk , but there was a hoodie on the backseat .
as we go over a speed bump , i can hear our suitcases thumping around in the trunk .
if you were nt here , i probably would have gone up to their room alone and ended up wrapped in a tarp in the trunk of their car !
gary , you got that list of what alls in the trunk ?
you can use the stuff in the trunk .
then , on the night of the fifth day following his evening class , he discovered katrina waiting in the parking lot , leaning against his cars trunk .
thank you for your support table of contents part i patch auditions first mission bonfire troll blog live coffee and pi the stunt recruit press conference poverty griefer atgo erzo part ii skin meeting misanthrope cell phone higher mind has been stolen swimming vandalism cause and effect fins & spinners death gift ravage corporate war activist candy open season part iii definitions badger empty - n morgue yellow widow squarehead on scar defense leaning on justice hole summoning trial by knife waste reclamation mouthpiece gilbeys class action budweiser commercial part iv ibm ikea hilton piggly wiggly eat a bullet miscarriage internal hammer word blaming first time on a plane the trunk meet me at boston commons short and brown shadow botnet katana methamphetamine and vodka part v reboot misjudgment heavy hack defy top 10 epilogue other books excerpt tara born of tears about the author part i author 's note - thanks for giving ole ' scar a try .
squarehead had a case of meth - amphetamine laced vodka and pulled three bottles out of his trunk for killer .
we put all of the boxes and one of the suitcases in the trunk .
i questioned as we pulled the last two boxes out of the trunk .
i closed the trunk and we headed back to the building .
his backpack was sitting in the trunk .
he then put it on and closed the trunk .
he put the box in the trunk and then he walked over to me .
i walked around to the trunk and grabbed out my ice scraper .
it was a little chilly out so i opened the trunk and grabbed a blanket in case she got cold .
i closed the trunk and then i walked over to her side of the car and then we looked around .
there s loads more in the trunk and back - seat , you will need help , i let him know , enjoying the flabbergasted expression on my brothers face .
and i had a few dishes that i had picked up here and there , not wanting to take any from greg , packed in a medium sized box and waiting in the trunk of my car .
ran back out and got my things out of the trunk , locked my door and then i went to my bedroom .
` ` what 's the duffel bag in the trunk for ? ''
opening the trunk , he took a quick bite of his sandwich and munched away while rewrapping it to finish later .
he then discreetly dropped the car keys onto the floor of the car trunk as he removed his duffel bag .
his dad had a spare key to the car so it would be easy for him to retrieve the car keys from the trunk and maybe dex would glory in driving it home .
in the same text he would send his dad to confess to thrashing dex 's drums , he would let his dad know that the keys were in the trunk of the car and where it was parked .
` ` there 's three thousand dollars hidden up in the attic of the garage , twenty - five hundred dollars in the trunk of the old chevy you keep saying you 'll fix but never have , another five thousand is stashed under moms rose bushes in the backyard and two thousand is hidden in the can of cracked wheat cereal up on the top shelf in the food pantry . ''
amelia called out using a megaphone meredith had in the trunk of her car .
the trunk was filled with all sorts of bric - a - brac .
claire shouted behind me , but i kept kicking at the car , the doors , the headlights , the trunk , kicking as the rain poured in sheets , as the lightning illuminated the hillside and the hulking abandoned asylum , as my right leg finally gave out , and i fell to the gravel where i sat with my back against the rear bumper , my head on my knees , claire and bentley running towards me , umbrellas in their hands .
they re in the trunk of my friends car .
when we arrived jarron helped me rearrange , so the expensive stereo could be locked in the trunk .
jarron would house my purse and baxter trophy in the trunk of his car , indefinitely .
he had heard rumours that people from the trunk liked bright , garish things , supposedly as a way to distance themselves from people like him ; people that lived underneath .
up close , one could see that there was a door in the trunk .
there is one bunk and one trunk per student , similar to the barracks i believe .
just then cigan starts the jeep and drives it into the garden and opens the trunk .
was he really in a trunk , in visioning what was around him .
it was as though the shots came from another dimension and that is when gabriel decided to go back to the trunk in the city .
now he was back in the trunk but the inside of the car was completely burnt .
to my knowledge no one ever questioned what it was doing out of its trunk .
the trunk popped open with a hiss of escaping air like it was hermetically sealed .
the driver placed her bag in the trunk .
he opened the trunk of his car , put the papers in a large black metal case of the kind carried by payroll guards , and closed the trunk .
he opened the trunk of his car , put the papers in a large black metal case of the kind carried by payroll guards , and closed the trunk .
from the trunk of the car wednesday brought out the metal case , a clipboard , and a pair of handcuffs .
` ` it 's in the trunk , '' shadow told the elephant man .
from the bottom of the trunk he produced a giant economy - sized bottle of generic aspirin .
' it 's in the trunk , ' ` ` he said .
` ` it 's in the trunk , '' said shadow .
he tried the trunk .
he reached under the dashboard , found the black plastic handle that opened the trunk , and tugged on it , hard .
there was a thunk from behind him as the trunk door released .
it 's in the trunk , he thought .
the trunk was open an inch .
the smell was bad , but it could have been much worse : the bottom of the trunk was filled with an inch or so of half - melted ice .
there was a girl in the trunk .
he looked around urgently , wondering how to get away - and then it was too late , and the ice tipped precipitously , throwing him against the car and the dead girl in the trunk ; and the back of the car went down , and shadow went down with it , into the cold waters of the lake .
each one , he knew , without any question , had a dead child in the trunk .
i opened the trunk of the klunker .
right now alison is still iced into the trunk .
cameron 's backpack , left by the side of the road the day she 'd vanished on her way home from school , was still in our trunk .
i decided i could help by moving one thing at a time from the car trunk to the middle of the stairs up to the living quarters , with pretty much a level swing of my arm .
we had brought in a radio we kept in the trunk , and we turned it on .
` ` i ' m going to go rifle the bosun 's trunk .
the jag 's trunk was roomy .
my senses reported that i was probably in the trunk of a car .
two , i could knock the car off the road with a wind strike , get out of the trunk , and rip the bastard limb from limb ... that one was actually pretty attractive .
i swallowed a burst of nausea and tried to put myself in the best position possible to launch myself out as soon as the trunk opened .
` ` why was i in the trunk ? ''
the hood was gone , along with the doors and the trunk lid .
for as many bereaved families as we helped , we encountered neo - pagan witches , truck - driving mediums , guys who sold genuine lucky charms out of the trunks of their cars , and folks who simply defied description with what they could do and why they did it .
chance went to the trunk and wrapped his hands in rags used to wipe off the oil dipstick .
i asked , as we locked his new gear in the trunk .
the guy popped the trunk , revealing a dazzling array of weapons .
glancing out the window , i saw he 'd driven a car with a sizable trunk .
chuch backed down the steps and we had the dead demon in the trunk before i saw a curtain twitch .
to my surprise , he put all the supplies back in the trunk .
booke took the tire iron out of the trunk and whacked the rusty padlock on the back door until it gave .
` ` the quarter panels were dinged and the thing was dirty as shit , but the tires were brand - new and there were electronics in the trunk . ''
these were the guys who might well have the impulse to change a tire for a woman , but would have trouble lifting the spare out of the trunk -- and forget about working the lug wrench .
but she did n't think whatever was in the trunk was going to kill her .
hitting the remote , she released the trunk latch and slowly lifted ... ... frowning , she bent down and wondered if she was seeing things right .
after her father got her suitcase out and shut her trunk , she locked the car -- and tried not to think about the fact that the man with the eye patch had been inside the damn thing .
he parked , got out of the car , and went to the trunk where he had stashed his bow case .
he grips me forcefully as he carries me to the trunk of the car and sits me down with my legs dangling over the edge .
` ` life is n't fair , '' my dad says as he helps me down off the trunk .
asher tracks my gaze to the trunk .
the neighborhood is rather vacant except for a neighbor up the street loading boxes into the trunk and the old lady that lives across the street .
lucia 's bag went into the trunk , and jazz scanned the area for signs of her restroom visitors .
the marine nodded to him as he stowed the bags in the copious trunk , and the cop nodded back , and then they were on the way .
` ` um , maybe i ' m wrong , but is n't that guy getting a shotgun out of his trunk ? ''
he was getting it out of the trunk casually , as if he were taking out his lunch bag .
he reached into the trunk and took out what looked like a heavy gym bag , black .
he looked up as he slammed the trunk lid .
' my lord , let me present mr greenyham of ankh - sto associates , who is the grand trunk company 's treasurer , mr nutmeg of sto plains holdings , mr horsefry of the ankh- morpork mercantile credit bank , mr stowley of ankh futures ( financial advisers ) and mr gilt- ' ' -all by himself , ' said the one - eyed man calmly .
' he sure as hell would n't like the grand trunk devils , ' said harry .
we 'll help you , damn right about that , but the trunk is running okay .
the whole trunk 's a lash - up , it really is . '
but we ca n't get it on to the trunk .
they 're on to us ' ' supposing i could get it on to the trunk ? '
technically it could work , but the trunk people would have to be stupid to let it happen . '
then allow me to say that we of the grand trunk will not take it amiss if you should leave now .
they stuck to my body like a plaster of paris mold , my lack of junk in the trunk comment aside .
` ` uh ... backseat , '' he muttered , ` ` yeah ... '' ` ` they were having a sale , '' she said as he shut the trunk .
besides , he could handle the food while she grabbed the vs in the trunk : however embarrassed she was , she was n't going to leave that stuff behind .
while veck got out and grabbed the hannaford bags , she headed around the butt of the sedan , popping the trunk and keeping her chin up as she fisted all of her lacy - and - lovely and led the way into her kitchen .
moving fast , she went around the hood instead of the trunk and had her key ready before she got to the door .
resisting the urge to shout at the shadows , he mounted up , started his engine , and waited as reilly stood next to her open trunk and took off her caked , filthy boots .
several feet away from her chrysler 300 , alec hit the trunk release on the remote .
eve closed the trunk , revealing a man standing directly beside her car .
riesgo hit the trunk release and it popped open .
with one hand on the lip of the trunk lid and the other holding the keys at his side , he stared down at what was a gargoyle statue to his eyes .
after another long look into the trunk , he shook his head and closed it again .
the tengu continued to bounce around in the trunk of her car .
the temperature change was enough to silence the tengu in her trunk .
the tengu resumed bouncing around in her trunk .
alec reached down through the driver 's side door for the trunk release just as her cell phone began ringing from its spot in her cup holder .
as the tengu began pounding on the trunk lid , he asked , ` ` what 's that noise ? ''
she hunkered down in preparation of the trunk opening .
alec opened the door for her , then rounded the trunk and slid behind the wheel .
while he was occupied with finding the right button on the remote to open the trunk , eve slipped into the backseat of the limo .
sighing , she moved to the trunk of her car and opened it , retrieving her mail from earlier .
returning to her car , eve hit the trunk release on her remote and rounded the back to get her duffel bag .
he reached into his rear pocket for his cell phone , cursing when he realized it was still in his backpack in the trunk of eve 's car .
eve 's fingers touched the trunk , seeking a connection with the vehicle in lieu of reed .
he picked up the white board and shut the trunk .
i did n't waste time ; i hit the manual locks on everything i could reach , then slithered over the back into the trunk area and tried to find a manual lock for the trunk lift .
i did n't waste time ; i hit the manual locks on everything i could reach , then slithered over the back into the trunk area and tried to find a manual lock for the trunk lift .
i turned the interior latch on the trunk and bailed out of the suv .
i jumped out of the camaro and nearly got bowled over by a gust of wind ; i created a relatively calm space around the car and went to the trunk of the car for my luggage before i remembered that i did n't actually have any .
there was a neat little leather rolling bag in the trunk .
i was betting that he 'd ask to drive it , but he did n't ; he stowed his gear in the trunk and took the passenger side .
we always keep a stock of quarters , and we carry detergent and dryer sheets in the trunk .
the trunk was standing open .
out of her trunk . ''
` ` put this in the trunk , '' she whispered .
cameron 's throat was crushed ; there was enough left in the trunk to determine her cause of death .
i 'd toured nearby junkyards , ponds , parks , landfills , and cemeteries , in the process finding one other murder victim in the trunk of a junked car ( a freebie for the nashville police -- they 'd been so pleased to have another murder victim on the books ) , and one natural death , a homeless man in a park .
` ` the trunk , '' i said , deadpan , and after a second he smiled at me .
hell , i do n't even carry it in the trunk . ''
i 'd bought some more practical clothes , but they were still in the plastic shopping bags in the trunk , and there was n't a changing room in sight .
two more uniformed cops got out of it , opened the trunk , and removed a bulky contraption that looked to ralph like a portable torture device .
he fumbled with the key at his neck , pulling it off and unlocking the trunk .
grabbing the luggage , i tossed them into the trunk .
` ` the motel does n't look too shady , '' hunter said , grabbing our luggage from the trunk .
i turned , eyeing the thick trees crowding the driveway , as hunter pulled our luggage out of the trunk .
here norman bought a motorless second - hand wheelchair which would fit , folded up , into the trunk of the tempo .
there were a formidable number of them on the ring , so many that they could n't lie flat against one another but stuck out like sunrays in a child 's crayon drawing , but norman had no trouble picking out the one which opened the trunk of the car .
the baseball cap went into the trunk .
` ` yes , i know , blood , that goddam bull , '' norman said , and shoved the cop into the trunk .
norman bent it at the knee , loaded it in , and slammed the trunk shut .
babcock goes into the shotgun seat , demers into the trunk .
all about knives that had been cast at him by his tormentors were embedded in the trunk , but he was not hurt ; and he was senseless in a drugged stupor or swooned in a sleep of utter weariness .
the steamer trunk was lined with whiteness .
i fought the itch in my fingers to dig a tire iron out of jessa 's trunk and give it a matching dent on the other side.it was so very tempting.but i resisted , using an extraordinary amount of self - restraint .
cassie agreed and then suggested they unload their shopping bags into the trunk of her car before searching out the perfect summer shoes .
i was still staring at the body , frozen in shock , when eamon reached over and slammed the trunk lid closed .
okay , so it 's a bad guy dead in the trunk .
it was an odd gesture of kindness from a guy who thought nothing of loading up the trunk with corpses , and his contradictions were starting to make my head hurt .
` ` all right , even if you ' ve lost your memory , you know exactly who i am and what i can do , because there 's ample evidence in the trunk with a bullet in his head .
the body in the trunk was proof enough of that .
i considered gunning it and leaving him there in the dust , but all he had to do was make a phone call , and i was a wanted felon with a body in the trunk .
` ` there 's a suitcase in the trunk , '' she said .
i shoved the old flat tire and all the equipment in the trunk , slammed it , and said , ` ` i think the phrase i ' m searching for here is ' no comment . ' ''
i could n't keep him in the trunk ; that would be emotionally satisfying , but morally questionable .
` ` bottom of the trunk , '' said the thug .
they , d shot the man , s companion - but kept him alive , bound , gagged , suffocating in the trunk of the car .
he went back to the porsche , and took his burberry out of the trunk .
a couple more things came out of the trunk , including a little white cream pitcher that had belonged to grandma alice , and several old silver - plate spoons with the initials o'c on the handles .
he could n't very well tell her that he 'd just remembered the drug money in the green plastic garbage bag in the trunk of his porsche .
the driver hopped out and ran around to the trunk and removed my bags , which he energetically stacked on the curb .
chapter twenty a glimpse inside adrian 's trunk explained why we were driving to north carolina instead of flying .
are n't there still some that did n't get used for target practice in the trunk ? ''
they 're in the trunk . ''
paul staggered out of the car , opened the trunk of the alfa , reached into a hidden compartment , extracting a large envelope .
paul opened the trunk , grabbed their bags , and trudged up the steps disconsolately .
daniel asked the taxi driver to open the trunk so he could place the luggage of rose .
the gate rose and she drove through and on to the bag drop where the attendant took their bags from the trunk and leaned them on the rack .
she saw her motion toward the entrance for the doorman as the cab driver got out and opened the trunk .
his father worked at the jet propulsion lab in pasadena , from which they had stolen the weather balloon that was squashed into the cars trunk .
they pulled out the helium tank from the backseat and the carefully folded silk balloon from the trunk and using their flashlights to guide the way , set out on the trek over the mountain ridge .
i woke up right there near the trunk and with my bag under my head and later you said you found the coin in it .
pictures flashed through her mind of her daughter being thrown in the trunk of a car or being gagged and bound or being forced against her will and she steadied herself to get them out of her head .
i was forming a rudimentary plan in my head for next week , namely that i would kill him in his bed in the wee hours of the morn , abscond with his body in the trunk of my car , and then carve him up in a remote canyon in the desert that i had appropriated as a makeshift butchery .
she smiled and opened the trunk with the keys .
i hefted the baggage out of the trunk .
she reached in into the trunk and snatched up the train case .
all he has to do is locate the safe house in georgetown , unlock the doors , throw the cuffs and chains in the trunk , and tomorrow all the wonders of pennsylvania avenue will be his , once again .
when she leaves the kid across the street , at the same time jared jennings crawls into the cars trunk with 8867 - 147 and other howling demons from the ride , from the bright cloud , and from behind the monastery walls , all come out to claim their due .
when it comes , car trunk jared wakes and 8867 - 147 and cohorts dissipate into the cool knowing that he never wants to see her againthat donna must be obliterated and only , only sally jo remembered .
the trunk was already starting to stink .
` ` ron do you still have the bucket in the trunk . ''
but you said anne slammed the trunk lid closed .
it was wrinkled from being in the trunk , but there was no time to worry about that .
she had nt known what was in the trunk ; she would nt miss it .
they take a minute to get stuff out of the trunk .
the trunk slams shut and they walk past .
as soon as they are on our deck all they need to do is to pour it into the trunk .
alma smiled at her blank face and went back into the trunk .
that went into the trunk of his cruiser .
finding one with a cluster of coconuts on top , he took off his shoes and shimmied up the trunk as he had seen olson do a century ago .
we had them install a false wall in the trunk while you were in dakota .
suddenly it came to me as clear as day there were guns in the trunk .
inside the trunk were several backpacks .
she stepped over to the back of the car and pulled a gift wrapped box out of the trunk for each of us .
in a trunk marked for emergency purposes only .
epilogue : friday morning , august 22 , 1879 womans body found in trunk , screamed the headline on the first page of the chronicle .
he put the device in his pocket , grabbed his bad arm , turned around , and dashed for the trunk of the roadster .
he was hoping against hope that the trunk would have opened from the jolt of the accident .
when he finally opened up the trunk , he ended up having to put his right leg into it along with his one good arm , but it gave sure enough .
no pressure , i mumbled as i started pulling my gear from my vehicles trunk .
he watched me put the small toolkit on the ground and picked up the small leather bag from trunk .
tossing his duffel and gun cases into the trunk john climbed into drivers seat .
the trunk of the car was popped open and curtis and i placed the trunk we were carrying inside .
from out of the trunk i pulled a couple of flares .
eddie began to spray the books in the trunk with the charcoal - starter fluid .
there was a lot more blood in the trunk , too .
a quick glance told me the doll was okay , stashed with the rest of the hocus - pocus stuff in the trunk .
i grabbed the doll , stick and mask out of the trunk and headed back inside the house .
he was searching the trunk of his car for something he could either pick or break the lock with .
just as she was sinking her body into the trunk though , she suddenly thought she noticed someone familiar .
the older woman opened the trunk and the little girl tossed her backpack in .
the trunk of her car was a better place .
* * * and so the two head off to the other side of sillmac , sunday morning , down route 4 with grandma trivelli 's vase in the trunk .
the sound of the trunk closing shut was heard outside .
he offered , ` ` you want to put your bike in my trunk ? ''
but she remained on the bike while saying , ` ` that little trunk ?
the bike is too big for your trunk .
quickly slamming the trunk shut and throwing the tools down the hole , jeff barely had enough time to crawl out of the storage area , up into the kitchen where he would replace the panel on the closet floor .
now the # 1 of rule of jeff and his club was to always close the trunk and cover the hole up with rocks before going back upstairs .
mr . swieley ordered , ` ` here ; take my keys , go in the back trunk and pull out one of my signs .
the baby cried in her arms as the soldier home from duty could be seen through the window , removing luggage from the trunk of the cab !
a shovel was placed in the trunk of her vehicle .
the sound of the trunk opening could be heard .
wayne would come back later in the evening and play garbage man while collecting the bags and placing them in his trunk .
at first i was to place her in the trunk , but rethought my decision when i reasoned through the shocking and unnerving experience she would have if she awoke .
he laughed in the guise that he 'd been humored by her story from high school when he 'd really been laughing at the fact that literally right behind the both of them in the trunk , hidden underneath a heap of clothes bound for goodwill , were two shovels and a gym back full of everything from hacksaws to thirty - gallon trash bags to bottles of hydrogen peroxide .
spencer hauled the two - hundred pound bag down the stairs , heaving it over his shoulder making it his best effort to move fast and efficiently out the front door and throw the bag into the back of the ford with the trunk already open .
he threw it over his shoulder with a loud annoyed grunt , feeling the soreness the weight created there , and slammed down the trunk door .
she tossed the phone back in the car and flipped the switch that opened the trunk .
to her surprise and immense relief , she found both a jack and a spare in the trunk .
cursing to herself , she removes her shoes and tiptoes through the parking lot and tosses them in the trunk of her impala .
if he left the trunk , the garbage men would surely take it , either for benefit or trash .
being hollow in front meant that there was nothing between the driver and whatever it was that might find its way into the so - called trunk area at 70 mph , which was about as fast as those old beaters could go .
beauty and perfection like the teacher girl in his trunk .
` ` get in the trunk , '' he said as he pressed the button .
i climbed out of the trunk .
i walked back to the trunk and climbed back in .
` ` why the hell is the trunk open ? ''
` ` her phone 's still charging , '' i called out from the trunk .
i stayed in the trunk .
i pulled the lever and slowly climbed out of the trunk .
i ran to the open drivers door of the sedan and found the trunk release .
by the time i 'd reached the trunk again cadance and tiara were already climbing out .
the one who took the shotgun and shoved us in the trunk . ''
you want him to shove you back in the trunk ? ''
` ` no trunk ? ''
` ` trunk 's full .
` ` why would gary kill her and stuff her in his trunk ? ''
strongly of that intuition that had returned him lifeblood to again face the unknown iniquity of that hostile world , saint it went out of the concave trunk , where you / he / she was absolutely held hidden for an arc of time for him illegible .
the agent popped open the trunk release and felt the car shift slightly as keck 's body was placed inside .
the rest of thoms car was nt finished moving yet , so it just rolled the rest of the way down the hill , a total of six times , until the bumper caught a pothole under the snow and pitched the car trunk over hood until it finally came to a stop upside down in the valley between the two hills .
when they reached the car , maurice and reginald climbed into the trunk .
there was a roll of duct tape inside in case the trunk turned out to have any light leaks .
walt was only slightly smaller than reginald , so reginald had told him to rent a car with a trunk big enough for two walts , just to be sure .
then she reached back and pulled up a small knob to fold down the right side of the rear seatback , giving access to the two vampires in the trunk .
together the dead god and the destroyer strolled out to the trunk .
what i had , i kept in the trunk of the accord .
and my whole life was in the trunk .
get out of the trunk , tahoe !
i grabbed a jack out of the trunk while nick fetched the spare .
jackie said , grabbing a box of food from the trunk .
i got a crowbar out of the trunk and wedged the lock until it finally snapped .
you get to know that when the sky is that certain colour before sunset you should put antifreeze in your car engine and snow chains in the trunk .
tanner in the trunk jay manhandled tanner to get him in the trunk of his car .
tanner in the trunk jay manhandled tanner to get him in the trunk of his car .
with his legs bound this way , he could nt run or do anything with his arms , but lying in the trunk with his back against the floor , he could kick with both legs with a great deal of force .
when jay came to get him out of the trunk , he would strike .
the trunk now fully open , his uncles hands raised holding it up , there came a loud noise from the cabin , startling his uncle , who shot erect , and took a step away from the car , a split second before tanner was about to crush his ribs .
the trunk stood open , and tanner could be seen struggling to get out .
emily wondered if she should buy more snacks and beverages , heck maybe a down comforteron second thought , they d be lucky to fit in what they had with them , into the small trunk of this machineit was beautiful , impractical , but oh yes , gorgeous , she thought opening the door , smelling the leather interior .
he followed ruth outside to her chevy , placing the case in the open trunk .
the trunk was cracked open , the hinges buckled .
when the trunk opened , i psychically reached out for cool air , but i could n't feel anything except hands as they pulled me out like a doll from a case .
chapter 24 everything will be alright when the gentlemen in dark suits and black cars dropped me off at my dorm , i was n't riding in the trunk .
dropping lucy in the trunk , delia angled herself behind the wheel and drove like hell out of the sleepy little town of four corners and streaked through the night , north to onyx .
the couple had been bound and gagged , stuffed into the caddys trunk and trucked fifty miles outside of town to a spot vincent affectionately referred to as marchetti meadows .
they found flashlights in the trunk of the car .
nigel hauled out the two backpacks and then slammed shut the trunk .
meyers , go get a blanket from the trunk for her and get her inside the patrol car , williams ordered .
he reminded himself that he had bags of money in the trunk and could buy dozens of cars .
those old junkers had separate trunk keys .
he was in the trunk .
azael headed around to the trunk .
chuck emptied the trunk of our bags and removed a section of the floor to reveal an assortment of weapons .
did you remember to put our street clothes in the trunk ?
he had an overnight bag stashed in the trunk but thought it better to test the water first .
opened the trunk and got his things out .
as soon as they had gotten there , he had had them scavenging for car and truck hoods and trunk lids , then flattening them out , welding and attaching them to plywood table tops , and bolting them over his entire house , including the roof .
in the trunk of their vehicle i found a police - issue taser x26 which could be used to shoot a vampire that was up to 30 feet away .
the tactical light had been mounted on a shotgun that was in the trunk with the taser .
micah pulled her own rolling suitcase from the trunk , and then turned tired eyes on the u - haul trailer .
but he finally managed , and slammed the trunk shut then rounded to the front of the vehicle .
what was he loading in the trunk , anyway ?
prologue the girl had been kicking from the trunk for a good while and only in the last few minutes had she appeared to run out of steam .
shed been walking along the road about an hour ago , right before dark , and shed been nothing to get into the trunk .
he heard billy cuss once and then the slamming of the trunk lid .
right up until she got caught the first time , joy - riding with a trunk load of stolen tvs .
or had never known existed in the first place , she realized now as she looked around , suddenly glad the impala had a big empty trunk .
she pulled her keys from the purse and touched the button that sprang the trunk .
thank you for the water , andthe help , she told him as he brought the first bag to the trunk , and he smiled back .
not even pushed under the seat or locked in the trunk .
the bigger stuff in the trunk .
the trunk contained almost twenty stolen license plates along with a suitcase of tools and several heavy blankets .
he bent down , cradled the mans body and hoisted it into the trunk .
ray had covered her with a blanket he had found in the trunk of the cruiser .
george popped open the trunk and pulled out a large duffle bag .
george slammed the trunk and smiled , and , it has the finest eight track tape player ever made .
he stared into the swimming trunks , hoping to see a treasure chest float up from the blue , and then he saw my face .
with the cold it would all keep in the car trunk for the two days as well as in a fridge .
yang had said the police found a saw in the trunk of taylor 's car .
the trunk flew open , catching me off guard .
he had picked up the ten - year old honda at the diocesan office at 4 p.m. that afternoon , thrust his suitcase , two bankers boxes and a keurig into the trunk and followed the google map to his new parish .
turning the flashlight he was holding , he saw sarah huddled in the trunk with a bag of spilled lemons scattered around her body .
later , he heard through a neighbor that the police found scratches , scrapes , and long paint like smears of blood on the inside of the trunk lid .
the official theory was that the girl had climbed into the trunk to retrieve the bag of lemons while her mother carried the other groceries into the trailer .
as she climbed in , the trunk lid must have slammed shut- perhaps by a stray breeze .
deputy holmes jumped out of the car and ran to the trunk for the fire extinguisher as wyatt began calling into the debris .
he quickly slipped on his bullet proof vest , he got out of the trunk of a deputys car after he blew his head off for stopping him for speeding .
now , he wished he had the twelve gauge shotgun except that was locked in his trunk .
let 's grab the laptop and his data disks and lock them in the trunk of the car .
elton removed the computer and other items from the trunk of his car and followed jean into the house .
he 'd downloaded them to his computer and hidden it under some blankets in the trunk just in case the police stopped him and wanted the laptop .
the weapon had been in the trunk of his car and the only ammunition he had were slugs for killing deer .
i paid for gas and pumped it into the gas container which i then placed into the open trunk when the cap was secure and then closed the trunk .
i paid for gas and pumped it into the gas container which i then placed into the open trunk when the cap was secure and then closed the trunk .
i ai nt going to ask you again , darlin , open the damn trunk or ill make you sorry .
that s when the pounding and the river of obscenities started from inside the trunk .
i thought as i walked behind the girl about how pine must have died cramped in that steamer trunk maybe through dehydration or perhaps smoke inhalation if enough smoke from the fire above found its way down the tunnels .
i aimed my flashlight inside the trunk .
okay , tell me how you managed to get out of the trunk .
he pointed the burning end of the club at the empty steamer trunk .
put them back in the trunk .
katie grabbed it and threw it into the trunk .
i ran forward and grabbed the skull and tossed it into the trunk then helped with the rest .
i located the gasoline canister stuart vox had dropped after price had murdered him , grabbed it and ran over to the steamer trunk .
i emptied the gasoline all over the bones inside the trunk .
i dropped them into the steamer trunk where they ignited the gasoline fumes and everything in the trunk .
i dropped them into the steamer trunk where they ignited the gasoline fumes and everything in the trunk .
trent saw this and reached in past the door to pull the trunk release .
our bags were lifted out , placed on the curb in short order , and the trunk was closed again .
she poured some of svens water on some paper towels from the trunk and dabbed at evans forehead .
as it pursued him around the car he circled back to the trunk and reached in .
less than thirty seconds later i had the stuff in the trunk of the ford .
the driver got the bags out of the trunk .
the first of the suicidal trio hit the rear of the police car , splattering the trunk with hair and gore , shattering the back window .
she had a gas can in her trunk , unfortunately .
it was weird how cops could get you running off at the mouth like this , as if you had a dismembered body or a kidnapped child in the trunk .
and he suddenly saw a quick sequence of events , like a fiimclip run at super speed : the huge cop drawing his gun and pulling the trigger , spraying peter jackson 's educated brains across the roof of the acura in a slimy fan , then yanking mary out of the car , driving her face - first into the lid of the closed trunk , bending her over , then raping her right out here beside the highway in the searing desert sunshine , his smokey bear hat still planted squarely on his head , screaming you want a donated organ , lady ?
` ` there 's a little toolkit in the trunk , i think , '' mary said .
peter opened the trunk .
mary and the cop were looking into the trunk .
peter turned , looking into the trunk again , following their gaze .
he had been looking into the trunk for at least two minutes now .
now he jerked like a man waking suddenly from a nap , slammed the acura ' s trunk shut and walked back to the caprice .
for all i knew , she might have had it in the trunk of her beat - up mercedes when she dropped me at the hospital .
i got out , opened the trunk , and found a little supply of clean rags .
' the trunk area ? '
sandy was so sure they were going to find ennis rafferty in the trunk of the buick that for a moment he saw the body : a curled fetal shape in chino pants and a plaid shirt , looking like something a mafia hitman might leave in the trunk of a stolen lincoln .
sandy was so sure they were going to find ennis rafferty in the trunk of the buick that for a moment he saw the body : a curled fetal shape in chino pants and a plaid shirt , looking like something a mafia hitman might leave in the trunk of a stolen lincoln .
the buick 's trunk was empty .
and shut the damn trunk tight this time .
' bibi found no traces of blood in the car , but fabric samples taken from the interior of the trunk showed microscopic traces of organic matter .
same with the lining in the trunk .
' the trunk 's open . '
' maybe the wipers , but the trunk of a car does n't run on electricity .
huddie got to the rear of the buick and peeped into the open trunk .
it flew out of the trunk when the lid came open .
' maybe the air on the other side of the buick 's trunk is different air .
' no , in the trunk of my car . '
' and if the trunk of that car comes open , curtis , you fly .
only one sound like it , when you unlatch the trunk of your car and it springs up hard .
buick 's trunk 's open .
all this what i thought at first was paper , charred bits of paper , is whooshing up out of the trunk .
the only moving air was coming out of the trunk .
he and curt put six cockroaches in a clear plastic box , then put the box in the buick 's trunk .
this was directly after one of the fireworks shows had ended , and it was still cold enough in the buick so that they could see vapor coming out of their mouths when they bent into the trunk .
he had also taken the windowbox of flowers which had been outside matt babicki 's office window and stuck them in the buick 's trunk .
when you open the trunk , stand clear ! '
curt leaned into the trunk .
this is the center of it , the vortex , right here in the trunk .
they were dead a couple of days later , but there was nothing very supernatural about that ; they had been frozen in the trunk of the car as surely as they would have been if curtis had put them in the freezer for awhile .
' i think maybe one of these idiots may have locked some other idiot in the trunk of that fucking nuisance in shed b .
he started to add something else , and that was when the buick 's trunk came unlatched and the lid sprang up on its hinges and the fish fell out .
it obscured the buick from its open trunk forward until old ' 54 was nothing but a ghost - car .
but when things show up , they always come out of the trunk .
on three more occasions , things appeared in the buick 's trunk .
curt looked at the bugs in the trunk ?
allowing the alien bugs to make their journey from the buick 's trunk to the green file - cabinet unexamined was another step down curt 's road to acceptance .
he set the video camera pointing down into the trunk from its tripod , got it running , then took some polaroids for good measure .
curt checked to make sure the polaroids he had taken were still tucked into his belt , then slammed the buick 's trunk .
two days after the lightquake , with the temperature in shed b standing at an even sixty degrees , the buick 's trunk flew open and a red stick came sailing up and out of it , as if driven by a jet of compressed air .
' if they 're getting gassed , stuff them in your cruiser , sit them on the hood and the trunk , put them on the roof hanging on to the lightbars .
the buick 's trunk was open again .
eddie was staring at the buick , standing there on its big smooth whitewall tires , its trunk open so its ass end looked like the front end of a crocodile .
on the level of thinking i just decided i could n't go out and leave the buick with its trunk open .
because there was something in there , lying on the trunk 's plain brown carpeting .
i reached into the trunk and picked the gizmo up .
all i cared about was what i 'd found in the trunk .
i decided to get in the trunk .
when i was a kid we used to joke that buicks and cadillacs and chryslers were mob cars because there was room enough for either two polacks or three guineas in the trunk .
old huddie royer would get in , and lie on his side , and reach up , and pull the trunk closed .
the last time i thought consciously about standing there in front of the buick roadmaster 's trunk was when i heard george morgan had taken his own life .
the trunk was shut .
oh , and killing anything that came out of the trunk still lively enough to stand up and maybe run around the shed looking for a way out . '
in the fall of 1993 , the trunk popped open after one of those lightquakes and it was half - filled with dirt .
what do you think would have happened to him if he 'd crawled into the trunk like he said he had a mind to do ? '
i wondered if he understood the buick roadmaster 8 had killed his father as surely as huddie , george , eddie , shirley , and mister dillon had killed the shrieking monstrosity that had come out of the car 's trunk in 1988 .
had he been driving around with his father 's sidearm in the trunk of the bel aire ?
he was as hypnotized as huddie royer had been when huddie decided to crawl into the roadmaster 's trunk and pull the lid shut behind him .
he never locked himself in its trunk , as huddie royer once almost did in 1988 , and it never ate him alive as it probably ate brian lippy , but it got him just the same .
perhaps only because of the fish that came bursting out of the buick 's trunk that time .
at some point , during the last listless lightstorm , the trunk had shut itself again .
i got the idea that it he was n't in the back seat he was in the trunk , and if he was n't in the trunk , he was crouched down by the back bumper .
i got the idea that it he was n't in the back seat he was in the trunk , and if he was n't in the trunk , he was crouched down by the back bumper .
he knew the other man would not have placed the body in the trunk , and it would have been terribly painful for edith to ride all the way to caribou falls with the body in the back seat .
if they put blankets in the limousine trunk for padding , the equipment could probably be wrapped in towels or something .
` ` his body 's in the trunk . ''
forty minutes later , feeling husked - out and somehow cleansed , he threw his suitcases into the trunk of his mg and backed it out of the garage .
time after time she had seen herself leaving him , leaving tom 's tyranny as she had left that of her father , stealing away in the night , bags piled in the trunk of her cutlass .
the water was broken by many islands and archipelagos up ahead - piles of bricks , the back deck of a plymouth sedan with its trunk sprung open and pouring water , a parking - meter leaning against the tunnel wall at a drunken slant , its red violation flag up .
norris arrived , took a look , then got a roll of yellow tape marked crime scene do not cross out of the trunk of his cruiser .
he shook the keys out of the envelope , went around to the trunk , and hunted in vain for a keyhole .
5 feeling much better with a little of mr . gaunt 's incomparable blow lighting up his brain like the front of henry beaufort 's rock - ola , ace loaded the guns and the clips of ammo into the trunk .
` ` mr . gaunt , you think of everything , '' he said , and slammed the trunk .
there was a shovel in the trunk of the police car .
with a big grin , miranda began pumping the gas , and ashley opened the trunk and pulled out three large gas cans .
bryce put the last of the gas cans in the trunk , and then they crowded into the bug .
miranda and joey lifted the garage door while ashley and bryce loaded joy 's bags into the trunk .
it has always been something of a wonder to me that norton was never found in the trunk of a thunderbird parked off a highway somewhere down in massachusetts with his hands tied behind his back and half a dozen bullets in his head .
tremont went in with a nylon filament rope , which someone had found in the trunk of his car , tied around his waist and a big six - battery flashlight in one hand .
they found some guy in the trunk of his car behind a filling station .
a body in every trunk . ''
they watched the stranger lift the carton into the trunk .
mccaslin was curled up in the trunk .
his hands were shaking and he had to poke twice before he could get the right key into the trunk slot .
the trunk held a spare tire , a jack , and nothing else .
he tucked the bundle into the trunk of jimmy 's buick and then drove out to the petrie house , the pick and shovel resting next to jimmy 's black bag in the back seat .
he tamped in the sods as well as he could , and drove back to town with the earth - clotted pick and shovel in the trunk of jimmy 's car .
he tipped his cap to her and ran around to open the trunk .
( i ' d like to get into his pants ) danny 's brow wrinkled as he watched the bellboys put her cases into the trunk .
hallorann set his bags down by the trunk of a beige plymouth fury .
he produced a large key ring from the pocket of his blue serge jacket and unlocked the trunk .
a week after that he had gone out to the parking lot halfway through practice to get a pile of sourcebooks that he had left in the trunk of the vw and there had been george , down on one knee with his long blond hair swinging in his face , a hunting knife in one hand .
we got ta deal this stuff or we 're gon na get caught and wind up in somebody 's trunk . ''
the papers were piled on the cadillac 's seats and in its trunk .
muttering , trash took the keys from the ignition , went around , and opened the trunk .
a bumper sticker on the back deck of the ford 's trunk read : get yo ass up the passc cold creek canyon .
tom finished the operation by loading four fifty - pound bags of sand into the plymouth 's trunk .
' open the trunk and get the bags , sonny boy , ' his mother had called to him .
it was that period lily was commemorating now , jack knew as he hauled the baggage out of the trunk and the back seat .
a d ' agostino bag had torn right down through the big d'ag , and a jumble of rolled - up socks , loose photographs , chess - men and the board , and comic books had dribbled over all else in the trunk .
and that night , having primed himself with three large martinis , sloat drove from his house to the restaurant and took a baseball bat from the trunk of his car and smashed in the long window which had once given a pleasant view of the street but now looked out at a corridor of fencing which ended in a huddle of metal bins .
the weatherbee 's genuine zebra - skin case was in the trunk of a black cadillac , along with his son 's body .
they stopped on the second night in julesburg , colorado , and wolf cooked them a huge picnic supper on a portable barbecue he produced from the trunk .
he could see the sparrows back the way he had come - they were all over the top of his car now , roosting on the hood and the trunk and the roof - flashers - but there were none up here .
an old man with grizzled white hair who introduced himself as ambrose cornell said he had a shotgun in the trunk of his car .
he looked back at the framed watercolor , and in his mind he was already moving his suitcase into the backseat of the audi so he could slip the picture comfortably into the trunk .
in the darkness of the audi 's trunk , the blond young man had turned his left arm , the one cocked on the door , so that kinnell could now see a tattoo which had been hidden before .
aunt trudy recovered her savoir faire almost as soon as the watercolor was back in the trunk .
i would n't want that nasty guy riding along behind me in the dark , even in the trunk .
he took the picture out of the trunk and looked at it , and it was during the space of the ten seconds when he looked at it without remembering to breathe that he became authentically afraid of the thing , afraid the way you were afraid of a sudden dry rattle in the bushes , afraid the way you were when you saw an insect that would probably sting if you provoked it .
instead of getting behind the wheel of her car , she opened the dart 's trunk .
she picked up the corpse and laid it on spread newspapers in her trunk and drove it to dr daggett , the augusta vet who had cared for bobbi 's dog peter before selling the practice and moving to florida .
they could have put her in the trunk .
logic told him that anne 's body was n't in the trunk .
so she was n't in the trunk .
but some they had toted out to haven 's borders , usually in the trunks of cars or in the backs of trucks , under tarps .
ginelli and the ' business associate ' loaded the larger package into the nova 's backseat and the small packages into the trunk .
then he dragged spurton 's body out of the rental ford and put it into the nova 's trunk .
with the body of spurton in the trunk , curled around the smaller trio of boxes the ' business associate ' had delivered that afternoon , ginelli drove on .
in one of them he heard ginelli in the trunk of his car , screaming to be let out .
his hands were trembling so badly that he could not at first stick the key into the trunk slot .
he opened the trunk and when he saw nothing inside but the jack and the spare , he almost screamed himself .
now you take the guns and put them in the trunk of the car , and you take malcolm , and the two of you drive away from here and do n't come back .
there 's a burlap sack wedged in the corner of the trunk , and she takes that and fills it with whatever she can salvage - some clothes , including the yellow sundress ruby gave her weeks before , some maps she was using to navigate her way west , a half bottle of water , a lighter , and the remains of a large package of cheese crackers .
the scarf snakes away , dusty from being dragged along the ground , patchy with a harlequin assortment of yarns , its tail end buried somewhere in that trunk behind her .
abraham asks moses as they dig through the satchels of weapons in the trunk of the car .
he hands his brother a rifle and takes a pistol for himself and walks to the front gate of the mission , hearing abraham slam the car trunk closed and follow behind him .
he carries with him things he took from the satchel in the trunk of the car : a 9 mm pistol in one hand and in the other the massive bladed truncheon crafted for him weeks before by the tinkerer albert wilson jacks .
for his service against the raiders , moses is given a good car with two extra jugs of gasoline packed in the trunk .
that evening , with the ugly safely incarcerated in the trunk of her car , she set off with a fixed and determined expression .
nice car , he looked at the drivers side rear fender , then across the trunk .
ill check the trunk .
foster pretended to savor the fresh air and sunshine of freedom as lee threw the suitcase into the trunk of bubbas car and got into the drivers seat .
dan for some high - speed driving lessons , in case i had to engage in any faster tails in the future , say , like chasing after a fleeing suspect headed for the peace arch border crossing with a dead body in his or her trunk , or trying to surveil someone who happened to drive an italian sports car which , from what i have seen on youtube , would never be driven within the speed limit .
the three of you that are riding in the rental , there are some shovels in the trunk , make sure you cover those tire tracks !
we shoved our belongings into the trunk and took our seats in the back .
tio helped the limo driver load our things into the trunk , he then decided to ride shot gun leaving moo and i in the back .
help me unload the stuff in the trunk and bring it inside .
i seriously considered stowing away in the trunk of the car when my dad headed back to work in the city in the morning .
i reached into the trunk of the car and grabbed my suitcase , in which i d carefully packed my skirt and shell for the dance , and headed into the camp .
when he finds cassie hiding out in his car trunk , her story sounds like a fantastical dream .
he had the donut tire on the car with no spare in the trunk , and had been driving on it for a few weeks already .
she drove around with a whole chicken in the trunk of her car for a week before serving it .
on his cars trunk he found a previously unseen , manboyloveassociation sticker .
parking lot - early morning close shot - seths open trunk its full of their various clubbing outfits .
parking lot - night seth is assisting anna with loading her luggage into his trunk .
she greeted him with a kiss on his rosy cheek , took his light overnight bag from him and stowed it in the trunk .
she hugged me one last time as her driver loaded her luggage into the trunk .
* * * when ken returned home , he grabbed the bags from the trunk of his car and was about to hit the stairs when he felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end for a moment .
clarity guessed the car belonged to bakal , and thought there had to be a way to get in the trunk to get out of the hotel when bakal drove the car out to the city .
` ` there it is , he must have left the car remote in his swimming trunks . ''
` ` how do we get out of the trunk ? ''
they opened the trunk , which was filled with sports gear , several tennis racquets , a large sports dufflebag .
clarity got in the trunk first , pushing aside the large sports bag .
after a leisurely climax , they dozed off and closed the trunk at six in the morning , sleeping side by side for five hours .
clarity pressed on the trunk button and the trunk opened .
clarity pressed on the trunk button and the trunk opened .
bea was already unloading our instruments from the trunk .
once i was inside and the door shut , he took our luggage around and placed it in the trunk .
he then removed our luggage from the trunk .
( starts shooting frantically as a3 and a1 enter as zombies ) a2 ( announcer ) : and a trunk ejector preloaded with a corpse as bait !
i exited first and walked toward the trunk , hoping to grab my bag and disappear into the large casino lobby .
i opened the trunk of my car and he tossed it in before getting in the passenger side .
as she swung it again more skunk spray covered josh and left another layer on his car , finding its way in through the open car windows and into the trunk which had been left open so he could load the bags of brush .
but then there was a slight rattle coming from the trunk as the wheels bounced over a few bumps .
he told the driver to open the trunk and grab the suitcases , then flipped a hand motion towards the captains wagon .
he got out of the car and opened the door for them while chamberlain got their suitcases out of the trunk .
they gave thompson time to drift off then threw a blanket over him , hogtied him and tossed him into the trunk of their car .
ill open up the trunk of the jag , where you ll be spending time soon , and introduce you .
simon if there are two things that every criminal should keep in the trunk of their car , they are ; a two - liter of cola and a roll of duct tape .
julie met me outside of the baggage claim , in a black mercedes sedan , one with a big number on the trunk lid .
i had a pendleton blanket in the trunk , which i added to the pile , and laid it down to fit under each of the rear tires , a dubious contribution to the escape plan .
i ve got some paper towel in the trunk .
gary reached into the trunk and distributed the four similar - looking black duffle bags inside to their respective owners .
all the luggage that had been in the hold of the gulfstream would nt fit into the trunk of the car , so jinny paid a cab to transport the rest of it behind them .
half an hour later hablibi lugged the thirty pounds of iron out to his car in the parking lot and put it in the trunk .
i was nt waiting any longer than i had to before seeing what was inside that trunk .
i lifted the trunk lid .
without a word , the blue man tossed the sign aside , dragged the luggage to the rear of the taxi , and opened the trunk .
the driver gordon , a burly man in his mid - fifties , tossed her belongings unceremoniously into the trunk .
henric took the mercedes electronic key out of his pocket and hit the trunk release button .
while roger unlocked the wide sliding doors , jinny put the cooler back in the trunk of the car .
a mercedes the size of a battleship was under the portico , and their baggage was put into its trunk .
him being in too much of a hurry to even help them retrieve their luggage from the trunk or walk them to their terminal .
he 's on patio i go through a few random items in the trunk , but it all seems irrelevant since its all surrounding a puddle of blood .
` ` yeah , well , get whatever you need because his trunk had a puddle of blood in it , and his backseat had some blood spatter .
i went on , ` ` well , when i was searching his trunk i saw a plastic squeeze bottle of charcoal lighter fluid .
` ` ok , turns out wayne brandon 's blood type was oh - positive and guess what the type was from the trunk ? ''
i threw my momentum to my right side , tossed him against the rear bumper , and began shoving him in the trunk .
i picked up his legs and made sure his whole body was inside , and then i grabbed his keys from his trunk 's keyhole .
bloody face and bloody arms and a half - dead asshole in the trunk .
i press eject and grab the disc then turn in my seat towards the trunk where mr . bollanger is currently trying not to choke to death on his own blood .
once confined in my darkened car barn , i unlock the trunk and open it up , pointing my gun at carl as i instruct him to get the fuck out .
the next time i was awoken was when the trunk was popped and i saw the one and only james mckigney looking down at me , just like in a tarantino flick .
i still just laid there until he bent over and literally pulled me from the trunk .
a few months ago , i broke a guys nose with my gun and threw him in his trunk .
he departed the room , pulling the woman behind him and made his way to his car , where he put the suitcase in his trunk , started his engine and journeyed out to the middle of nowhere completely unheeded .
since i would not be able to identify the thief i simply moved onafter checking every compartment including the trunk for contraband .
i cruised up to the door , but it was nt until i climbed out to open my trunk that i realized it was the two rubes from chicago .
i put their suitcases into the trunk , but remained at the rear until francois escorted them into the backseat of my taxi .
that s part of what nearly killed me in the old days , thousands upon thousands of white plastic bags going in and out of my trunk all day long .
chapter 1- the lady in the trunk london , several years back , in the wee hours , in thickish fog the driver of the luxury sedan ( saloon , in brit - speak ) was driving amazingly well for a man who knew he had a gun pointed at his head .
` ` for an ordinary citizen , you 'd be showing a curious lack of excitement over an apparently dead body in your back seat and women coming out of your trunk . ''
rp proposed to hide in your car if feasible , to provide backup , and asks that you ' not , repeat not , shoot first and ask questions later if a woman pops out of your trunk . ' ''
when otto went around back to get the spare and the jack from the trunk , mr . white opened his door and stepped outside .
dresses stashed safely in the trunk , food protected with the girls , i get inside the car .
we drive away from my parents house with the past in the trunk , in the backseat and clutched to my chest .
the thought of her leaving and moving away , marrying this robert guy makes me want to hide in the trunk .
the girls meet me at the trunk and help carry the rest of the bags in .
` ` then some upholstery cleaner i found in the the trunk of the car .
he got out and i pulled the lever for the trunk .
there were collapsible tables , folding chairs with strange wavy seats , devices that would play ball , wall dividers that would fit into a car trunk .
as soon as i clean out the squirrels and check the mouse traps , we can move right in , he said , hauling his overnight bag out of the trunk .
evan had snuck an overnight bag into the trunk with a clean shirt and his toiletries .
while caitlyn spent a few more minutes with the new mom and baby , he got the new car seat out of the trunk and installed it .
lin pulled up to the curb near departures and took deans suitcase from the trunk .
we should also check on those two miscreants in the trunk .
i ve always wanted to drive around with people in a car trunk .
he unlocked the trunk and mustered all his strength to haul the four bags , two in each hand , over and into his vehicle in one motion .
he slammed the trunk shut and thrust the cart across the asphalt to give him room to exit .
the contents in the backa fresh variety of bio - farmed leek , turnips , artichokes and eggplant , and a bulky volume of high - end european draperythumped around wildly in the trunk like a gagged hostage performing an exercise of final despair .
even with snow tires and the entire cast of biggest loser wedged in the trunk , my little v-6 skids with the ease of an ice skate with a rocket attached .
so anyway , believe it or not , the trunk popped open and frank did nt even seem surprised .
then i opened the trunk of my old ford and pulled out a shiny red harmony electric guitar and a twenty watt amplifier .
actually the very same box that had been in big m 's lincoln town car 's side panel before fenwick grabbed it , saw what was inside and them forthwith secreted it in the trunk of his car while pandemonium reigned over the secondary lot a few dozen yards away .
whoever heard of a mini - bar in the trunk of a limo ?
he put the suitcase into the trunk of her car and she fell into his arms for one last tender hug before her drive to san diego .
i took celestines suitcase and carried it down the front steps to the taxi , the trunk lid of which popped open even before we made it down the stairs .
i met her at the trunk , which she popped open with the remote control in her hand .
i returned my attention to their mother and began taking the luggage she removed from the trunk .
when we got back , he opened up the trunk of his suv .
but she stops , bag halfway into the trunk and looks at me to make sure i m joking .
emily unlocked the keys to the trunk of her car , producing a large picnic basket .
so if you wan na find us for a miracle , just look for the wheezing faded blue honda sedan with two kids in the trunk ( legally , promise ) faithfully yours , valentine wolfe -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- pizza hut order # 3 10/29/08 6:54pm items price 1 large pep pizza ... ... . $ 5.99 2 garlic bread st ... ... . $ 2.99 3 salads ... ... ... ... ... . $ 3.99 6 sodas ... ... ... ... ... .. $ 5.99 total $ 19.32 subtotal $ 20.00 change $ 0.68 -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- to : slayerboi2001 @ yahoo.com from : admin @ slayerscore.net subject : strike one lord benjamin wolfe , it has been brought to our attention that you ve been playing against the rules of medieval slayers .
walking to the trunk , which he opened , he flung in the bag and slammed the lid closed .
though implausible , it seemed to be penetrating the metal and upholstery between the trunk and the cars interior , as well as the canvas of the gym bag .
getting out and opening the trunk , he grabbed the bag and strode to the end of the bandstand pier .
i looked at that granada and thought of goin down to the feed store and loading up feed sacks in the back seat and the trunk .
he also casually mentioned that if he did not , he was going to take his keys and scratch it from the hood of the van , over the roof and to the trunk .
he prayed that he might magnetize a pick - up with a gun rack , a 4x4 with a canoe on top or an old jalopy with fishing gear protruding from the trunk : anything to indicate that there were serious folks inside .
the two women finished putting the money into the two bags , trying to count it out in equal amounts and then walked out and put the two bags , each containing roughly , if not exactly , half a million dollars , into the little trunk of bettys car .
the lock did nt work anymore but they did nt worry about the money in the trunk of the car .
the trunk was filled with tools , an emergency blanket , a first aid kit , some flares , a half crushed cardboard box , a ripped jacket with a broken zipper .
all he owned in the world easily fit into the trunk of his small japanese car .
he had binoculars in the trunk that they could take with them .
fortunately , the package fit snugly on the floor of the trunk of his car .
skip calvin stood at the front window of his shop , waved as wade closed the trunk , then disappeared into the darker interior .
he lamented that his old chevy citation was also gone as last nights conquest would have been honored by painting another shooting star on the trunk .
well , kostya will have to put his bag next to him , andrew said in a bossy way , barely able to close the trunk .
mat pulled the duffel bags out of the trunk and the taxi drove off .
why did n't you put your bags in the trunk ?
steven opened the trunk , looking for a spare tire .
there was n't one in the trunk .
where 's ... we threw them in the trunk , just in case we pick up another handsy hitchhiker .
while jorge was busy hassling mat about his lack of car knowledge , steven walked around the car to join lucy , who was standing by the trunk enjoying the hassling going on at the opposite end .
* * * michelle closed the gray door along the trees as the cab driver loaded her carryon and suitcase into the taxis trunk .
i must have only been out of it for about two seconds because i came to and a man was trying to put me in the trunk of his car .
a neighbor had apparently seen the first guy try to stuff me in the trunk but she did nt see the procedure because it happened on the sidewalk between the parked car and the brick wall and she was on the other side of the street .
they did nt press me too hard on account of the bloody bump i had on the back of my head and because they were pretty happy to have gotten some perp who had evidently transported a few other women in the trunk of his car before i was about to be put in there .
an abnormal protrusion caught my eye at the back of the trunk .
i hop out , opening the small trunk for her .
he pulled over , led us back to the trunk which contained a cooler of beer and the handgun he always carried .
fiona had a car and put flannerys luggage in the trunk .
the trunk was full , the backseat ( not really much room theresome auto reviews termed the prelude backseats as purely cosmetic ) overflowing , the passenger seat and floor , packed .
lara made agreeing noises , and harman - karman could hear the trunk pop , and hands and arms just behind him gathering what they had brought .
or so help me , you ll spend the rest of this vacation incarcerated in the trunk of the car .
he recovered no evidence beyond a few crusts of oil drums , which he placed in black plastic garbage bags and deposited in the trunk of the cruiser .
there in the trunk , i even have a placard that says red cross .
i have three liters in the trunk .
the white haired agent had me open the trunk , and move to the side as the middle aged agent looked around .
i ve got some beer in the trunk , i said .
it had taken considerable planning to smuggle the beer from randals truck to my room and then back out to the trunk of dads car after he gave me the keys .
the bonus was that i could put my remaining beer in the trunk .
monk rose from his seat and shambled back to the trunk .
he closed and re - locked the trunk .
immediately , the trunk sprang open and the liveried driver leapt from the car and hurried around to open the passenger door for the women .
the beautiful black woman and her dowdy white assistant did not enter the car immediately but lingered near the trunk to watch the skycaps deposit the luggage .
` ` bag in the trunk , '' he said , opening the driver 's door and sitting sideways in the seat to smoke .
aaron went to meet the others at the curb while neil retrieved his duffel bag from the trunk .
suitcases in the trunk ? ''
she goes to the trunk , pulls out a tube , and removes what looks to be a map .
a car sitting near the fire blared music , with all four doors open , and the trunk popped to maximize the sound , playing mostly country music , and a rap song on occasion until a protest forced the song back to country or rock .
very well , you can either get into my limos trunk right now , and i will pay you three thousand dollars oror ill pay those men standing across the street over there to kick you in the kidneys .
serving as her male factotum , i ve conducted the transaction and loaded the beer in the trunk , while rose remained inside her 69 mustang , incognito .
the thug says , but leos already loading the box and his suitcase into the open trunk of his car .
while the taxi drivers loaded their meager luggage into the trunks of the cars , the men issued polite instructions , directed the three poles to crowd into the nearest vehicle , while colling was motioned into the second , and elizabeth into the third .
the larger pieces of luggage were in the trunk , together with a few bottles of wine and cognac that hermann insisted that they bring with them , and some tins of caviar and other delicacies .
after placing them in the trunk of the limousine , he returned the basket to the taverns owner and climbed back into the car .
he handed it to her and she opened up the trunk .
me too , actually , he said , hefting his suitcase into the trunk .
well , he said as he closed the trunk , i m turning eighteen in february .
her eyes never left me as lyle adjusted the buckles , closed the door , took the boxes from me and put them in the trunk , got into the drivers seat , and started the engine .
manny came in from the parking lot where he d helped the zeitmans , a stately , elderly couple , unload suitcases from the trunk of their small sedan .
carol sat down next to helen and it was as if she had created a sacred space right there , in the trunk of her minivan , where helen could rest for a minute .
cassandra opened the trunk of her volvo and hopped up on the tailgate , which was one of her favorite thinking spots .
cassandra touched the cold metal lining of her trunk and listened to the sounds of the virginia countryside around her .
after he removed a leather briefcase containing all of the case files from his trunk , he locked his car and almost crashed into cassandra , who was walking from the other end of the garage toward the elevator banks .
carl nodded and turned around to pop the trunk on his convertible .
i packed the loot into my trunk like a criminal , which i suppose i was and drove away as if i had just killed my business partner .
the trunk was open .
jon pushed down on the trunk , slamming it shut .
warren smiled and pointed out two cases of beer in the trunk .
claude set his bag in , and warren closed the trunk .
thanks for a great day , claude said as he slung his bag over his shoulder and walked with warren to the trunk to get his catch .
as they put them in the trunk , joan put a hand on connies shoulder .
the footage broadcast on the channel ten eyewitness news supposedly showed uncle nathan standing next to his cadillac esplanade with the trunk open , while employees from edgemont produce loaded the rear with boxes of vegetables , fruits , sausage and bacon .
` ` yes , i know , but - '' before hazel could finish explaining how they traveled north on a lark , a senior year , escape weekend , the woman retreated to the rear of the car and began rummaging in the trunk .
there are exactly thirty - five tv dinners in the freezer , mrs . smithers counseled as she piled the luggage into the trunk of the volvo .
does nt fit in the trunk i m afraid .
the girls will be up shortly , stu said grabbing a 7up before throwing his bag in the taxis trunk .
two twelve - packs and groceries lay in the trunk .
laura and sharon sat by the water on a blanket the mccalls always kept in the trunk for picnics they never seemed to have .
my guitar fits in the trunk .
the brown paper bag ripped as i shoved it in the trunk .
i popped the trunk and the bags were placed snugly before i could get there to help .
later , i said as the door chimed shut and i threw the case in the trunk .
i left the beer in the trunk and we walked up the thin stone pathway .
he went to the trunk as a pistol dangled under his pit stained white t - shirt .
the guy unclipped a few metal clamps , slammed the trunk and walked over to tim and gave him a plastic bag .
the neck of my guitar must be warping in the trunk .
he carried his bike in the trunk of his car and slept in the car .
he walked to the back of the car , his hand on the side until he reached the trunk .
he tossed the tape in the trunk , shut the lid and took a step , then fell to the ground .
he d gotten the bag stuck in the trunk .
he carried her across the back yard to the garage , invisible to the street , and tossed her in the trunk of his new maserati granturismo with a thump .
richard opened the trunk of his car , pulled a rifle out , and handed it to amanda .
richard opened the trunk ; he pulled out a rifle and handed it to his wife .
when patrick stopped at an unfamiliar car and unlocked the trunk , chad remarked , what s this ?
he came in the trunk of rogers car .
actually , he had placed them next to the spare tire in the trunk , because the thought of irmas life work laying there on the passenger seat freaked him out .
even his photographs were hidden in the trunk .
she removed the keys from the white purse , got out of the pontiac and , after a bit of fumbling around , found the right key to open the trunk of the old green car , which she saw from the logo was a datsun .
the trunk was empty , and very clean .
she went to the rear of the pontiac and opened the trunk .
she gazed into the trunk for a while , with one hand on the raised lid , then took the handle of her suitcase and lifted it out .
she carried it over to the trunk of the datsun and deposited it there , then went back to the pontiac and leaned in to remove her maps and guidebooks , plus a couple of used kleenexes .
he looks around to open the trunk of the car and only finds a spare tire ; a small paper sack of old roasted peanuts and a fishing pole .
one of the deputies opens the trunk and pulls out a black man handcuffed from inside .
sure , she took her pack off and handed it to adrianne who locked it in the trunk of the car .
her suitcase was tucked away in the trunk of the taxi , and her large shoulder bag was lying on her lap .
she jumped out and popped open the trunk , hauling out the first of my boxes .
chapter twenty one walker had a slight problem putting the wheelchair in the trunk of the car .
in addition , the newly - parked car behind her had left only an inch between itself and her trunk , just as she had been forced to leave only an inch between the front of her car and the one ahead .
as i had predicted , they fit in shugs back seat and trunk , with the gon na -be - a - dragonfly - chair riding shotgun on the passenger side .
a set of noises caught his attention ; it sounded like someone unloading a canoe from a car , then getting stuff from the trunk .
both front fenders advertised ricks university video , while the trunk promoted willamette electrical supply .
willow looked for the phone book underneath a pile of plastic bags that had piled up because her canvas bags were all sitting in the trunk of her car , where she promptly forgot their existence upon arriving at the store .
she went to the trunk to dig a cup of potato milk out of the cooler to see if she could quiet him .
willow , knowing he would say that , had put the cooler in her trunk for easy access .
without taking his eyes off hers he moved to the back of his boxster and popped the trunk .
* * * sophie bought the shovel after work and put it into the trunk of her car .
they had gone to the parking lot and had already stuffed the bags of groceries into the trunk : bean sprouts and ginger and bok choy and hoisin sauce - then bryan remembered .
bryan closed the trunk lid and ran to greet the man who was just sliding into his car .
we can go after supper else the milk will freeze in the trunk and i ' ve got to put the meat in the freezer . ''
then he opened the trunk and took out the can of gasoline and poured the entire oil additive into the can .
he placed the can beside the shovel , in the trunk , closed the lid and slid into the car .
virtually all those going carried plastic bags bulging with grocery store purchases or better yet pushed whole carts full of goods to load up the trunks of their cars .
i grabbed the gear from the trunk and headed up the block .
channie was sending josh to the shower to keep him away from the trunk and safe from any more booby traps , not to get him clean .
she needed to look inside the trunk , but she did nt want josh anywhere near it when she did .
channie did nt want to sit on the piss soaked upholstery and opened the trunk to look for a blanket or something to cover the stain .
she took the cash out of harveys wallet and the gun out of the trunk .
the rear window and trunk begin to take hits , as the surprised tractor driver fired blind through larry 's unexpected , but welcomed , smoke screen .
` ` check the trunk ! ''
then , as if the world had put blinders on his vision he noticed the manual trunk release latch on the floor of the left hand side of the driver 's seat .
his police motorcycle helmet , kept in the trunk so larry would not keep forgetting it at home , caught the morning sunlight and beamed at him with the intensity of an uncovered holy relic .
the perforated trunk hatch waved at them like a macabre fly swatter .
two more blocks down the street , charles pulls over , gets out to check the trunk lid .
i thought i hid this in the trunk of my chevy .
even the trunk 's sprung open a little .
dan pulled suzie against him as the sergeant and taxi papa - san transferred his gear from the trunk of the taxi to the bed of the air force pickup then waited patiently .
the chairmans boy buzzed the electric window down and popped the trunk release all at the same time .
fill her up , he shouted , and flipped his thumb at the now open trunk .
that goofy son of a bitch , crazy jack muttered and motioned to the guys to put their turkeys in the trunk .
at 1:45 , one car parked down the road from the union hall and the four men , dressed in dark business suits , opened the trunk of their car .
charlie handed over the keys and watched as devries and bolster gave the inside of the car and the trunk a seemingly cursory once - over .
the books and duffle - bag were put in the trunk of bolster and devries ' car and the box went in the trunk of ortega 's .
the books and duffle - bag were put in the trunk of bolster and devries ' car and the box went in the trunk of ortega 's .
i slipped into the garage and removed both the ontario plates from the jag and threw them into the trunk .
i packed all my stuff in the trunk of the powerful jaguar and then slowly drove away from the maple leaf hotel .
we put the bags in the trunk and floeck settled in back .
she had brought her laundry with her , leaving it in trunk of her car so that she could stop at the laundromat on the way home .
he opened the trunk and slid the file box to the back .
* * * packing the newly collected samples in the trunk , fat thought that nine dogs in only 35 minutes should make de la pea happy .
fat opened the trunk .
moffat saw the driver slowly exit the nissan and walk to the trunk .
leaving the trunk open , the suspect turned to face the charger .
she insisted on all the details of bucks escape including the accident and his removal of the ruger from the trunk .
as soon as he was out of sight around a bend , he doubled back and saw her just as she finished unloading a large bag from the trunk of her car and began heading down the slope to the riverbed ( washbed ?
the evidence is solid we found some undamaged prima cord embedded in the cars undercoating it had a carpet fiber stuck in it carpet from a black sls we also found the exact same chemical signature from carpet in your car truck proving not only that the prima cord used to kill senator parks was the exact same cord that was in your trunk and the fiber embedded in the prima cord found in his car has the exact same chemical makeup of the carpet in your car trunk .
the evidence is solid we found some undamaged prima cord embedded in the cars undercoating it had a carpet fiber stuck in it carpet from a black sls we also found the exact same chemical signature from carpet in your car truck proving not only that the prima cord used to kill senator parks was the exact same cord that was in your trunk and the fiber embedded in the prima cord found in his car has the exact same chemical makeup of the carpet in your car trunk .
the noise and confusion precluded much talking until we had stowed the suitcase in the trunk of her car and climbed inside .
the detective told her they had found ned 's rental car in a parking lot and there was cocaine in the trunk .
they loaded their poles and their catch into the trunk of his car and headed for his house .
after her driver left , ray retrieved his backpack from the trunk of his car .
the chauffeur was waiting to load it into the trunk .
richard retrieved the luggage from the trunk , letting me soak in the house .
my mind 's eye gave me a picture of a naked woman scrambling down the trunk , her unused vacuum strapped defiantly to her bare back .
from within the limo herb pulled release latch and the trunk popped open .
after the limo drove off , i got out of the rental and dragged the toolbox i had bought for the occasion from its trunk .
a moment later , the trunk popped open and tramp got out , followed by cootie .
as he returned the case to his pocket , i heard him tell delaney the money was in the car 's trunk and the keys were in the ignition .
gunfire erupted from two points as delaney reached the car 's trunk .
then i swung wide of the car 's trunk keeping the makarov aimed toward it .
when i returned to my vehicle i retrieved my purse from the trunk and jotted down a question or two for mr . bedeman or mr . harmon .
he asked cheerfully , opening the passenger door to his conveyance , and reaching for my luggage , the trunk of his vehicle already open .
sophie helped her gather her few remaining possessions out of the trunk and they walked to the apartment building .
from the trunk , jake hefted a bag of dog food .
handel was her mode of transportation , the trunk of his car barely able to contain all of her luggage .
on her return from these visits to little tokyo , she had kept her purchases hidden in the trunk of her car until no one was at home .
she had her purse and tote ; her carry on bag with most of her useful possessions was in the trunk of the rental car she had left at the rios estate .
unable to find anything more suitable in which to pack her new clothes , georgina stowed them in kitchen trash bags and deposited the bags into the trunk of marks rental car .
looking at the two burnt out hulks , she decided against trying to pry open the trunk of her car to see what was left of her carry on bag .
as a spark shot off my cars trunk .
the investigators took protective clothing from the trunk .
bradford asked as he put his clubs in the trunk and walked to the clubhouse .
daves clubs were in the trunk , which made the decision easy .
hitting the remote on her key chain , jo popped the trunk .
i ca nt believe how warm it still is , jack said closing the trunk .
hey , get a screwdriver out of my trunk okay ?
nope , julie shut the trunk with a click .
alan raced back to his car and pulled something from the trunk .
on the other side he walked to his corvette , opened the trunk , and pulled two bottles of water from the cooler .
hood walked toward the trunk of the sedan and removed a bundle of what looked like pipes .
the one that took the copper out of the trunk of a car .
the sudden shifting and grinding of gears jarred me from the panic , placing me in what i d quickly concluded was the trunk of a yellow dodge charger .
i saw a television show once where a victim in the trunk of a car knew exactly where they were once the engine died .
my stomach was in my mouth when he finally slammed on the brakes , turned off the engine , and shoved his key in the trunk .
when he popped open the trunk , the sunlights red and orange rays blinded me , clutching my throat with a pressurized heat that did nt come from the sun .
she trotted to where mary hartz stood bent over , pulling two aluminum cases from the trunk of the car .
she was lifting her gear from the trunk and turned and waved as he pulled to a stop behind her .
she took the carton from him and loaded it into the trunk next to her own .
she would put everything in the trunk of the patrol car and then visit joe soucup to see if he would talk to her .
they trundled jenks limp form down the stairs and into the trunk of the car and sloan went back to collect his flashlight and his parcel .
i popped the trunk open .
at that moment , even as he was shoving me in the trunk of his car , i was already plotting how to escape .
they put triple t in the back seat and her luggage in the trunk .
gabe was holding her in his arms talking to her , trying to help , while kain was coming back from putting the bags in the trunk .
well , did you all see anything strange in the trunk ?
do you think she was trying to tell me something about the trunk stickers ?
you said you looked in the trunk .
now i did nt just have it on my own speculation that it seemed she intentionally attached the stickers to her trunk to get someone to notice it .
for the next hour , i checked out everything insideevery item , every inch of the inside of the trunk .
at least i do nt feel like someones after meits the trunk .
her stuff was in that trunk , and you should of kept an eye on it .
look , asswipe , maybe she did nt put a fuckin book in that trunk .
he ran past me into the shop with her in close pursuit , and they both knocked into the trunk as they skidded past .
but i only had so much brain space , and i had to shuttle the trunk problems off to the side to deal with my business and life in general .
stickers on the trunk showed a fascination with an out - of - date superheroine .
someone broke in again and rifled through the trunk , taking nothing .
found sheets of paper filled with numbers , written by shannon it seems , in a hiding placeunder a stickeron the trunk .
meredith shrugged and yanked the suitcases from the trunk .
he popped the trunk and removed the telescope , then placed it on the front seat and quickly closed the door so no unwanted passengers would join him .
after pulling the many bags from the trunk , he carried them into the house and dumped them on the hallway floor .
darren reached in to pop the trunk and grabbing his shoes he hustled to the rear of the mercedes .
darren tossed his dress shoes and jacket into the trunk and sat on the bumper to slip into his jogging shoes .
darren reached in the trunk and pulled out his suit coat .
he had planned to pop open his trunk , unzipper the carry - on , transfer his suit to a hefty bag and toss it into one of the garbage cans in back of safeway .
he unlocked his trunk and tossed in the hefty bags .
you should check darrens trunk .
ill drop by ; pop the trunk .
a full sized spare in the trunk .
he said you were standing with the trunk open , changing out of a suit into jogging clothes .
pauly pulled up and we put our bags in his trunk .
i was sandwiched between pauly and sebastian in the trunk .
they re in the trunk .
the owner of the gilded lady , one mustapha maxim , had been apprehended with several containers of the illegal substance in the trunk of a limo registered in his name .
dad kept his briefcase and any loose material in the trunk .
his trunk was neat and organized with a toolbox , jumper cables , first aid kit , a shopping bag with a nebraska sweatshirt and a cookbook , and his briefcase .
i picked it up , shut the trunk , and went up front to aaron , who sat in the passenger seat chewing a wad of grape bubble gum and smacking his lips .
we returned gavins car to the hospital parking lot with his briefcase in the trunk .
i covered him with the emergency blanket he kept in the trunk .
sara knows without knowing how that the girls body is in the trunk , and she can do nothing but sit and watch as the manthe killerdrives out of the garage , down the driveway , and onto a tree - lined street .
when it finally stops , sara does nt need to see the drivers face to know what it looks like ; she does nt need to see what s in the trunk to know what s there ; does nt need to watch to know what will happen next .
no sweat , mate , lets try the trunk first .
i just ... ... had to do your job , he finished for her as he slipped a key into the trunk lock and gave it a twist .
december twenty - second through twenty - fifth , every damn year , he sighed , then repeated in a quiet mumble , every blessed , goddamned year ... with that , he lifted the trunk lid , extracting the key from the lock as it rose , then offered the jangling ring to constance .
mandalay glanced into the well of the trunk space and saw three large shopping bags , each with festively wrapped presents protruding from their depths .
he shook his head as he gathered the bags and hefted them out of the trunk .
since his hands were full , constance reached up and levered the trunk lid shut for him as she asked , how so ?
after cranking the shift lever into park , he flipped on his light bar , popped the trunk , and looked over at constance .
you can put your case down on the trunk there .
it was now in the trunk and out of reach .
he ignored her words for just a moment as he finished buffing one side of the back panel with wax , then he stood up straight , throwing the towel on top of the trunk lid and looked at kaitlyn .
she delivered the shoes to the trunk of her car and started to get in the car to leave .
let me make sure this will fit over the trunk first .
i held it in place while bur screwed the long bolts into the trunk .
it also happened to have more trunk room that burs rather sporty set of wheels .
i m sure an industrious guy like you has a blanket in the trunk , now do nt you ?
do you have a blanket in the trunk ?
the police found the bloody bedding in a garbage bag in his trunk .
i was on a date with stewie , and evidence to paulas murder was in the trunk ?
whispering to myself to ' come on , ' i finally flipped the button under the dash to open the trunk .
not wanting to be caught staring at the guy , i neatened my luggage and then mucked around in the trunk as i surreptitiously shot denver a long , calculating look .
tucking my hair behind my ears , i reached into my trunk and muscled my suitcase out .
muscling my suitcase into the trunk , i grabbed my phone , shrugged into a jacket , and picked up my bottle of water .
swearing under my breath , i turned sharply , lugged my suitcase out of the trunk , and dragged it up the steps to my room .
unable to find it , i let out the tersest breath you could imagine as i got out of the front and grabbed my luggage roughly from my trunk .
a cool rush of air pulls me from my haze as amelia grabs my shoulders hoisting me out of the trunk without any effort at all .
victoria sneaked a look at steve as he hauled the cooler out of the cars tiny trunk .
he placed the carjack back into this trunk and thanked the man for offering to help .
they waited in silence for sebastian to hand them their bags out of the trunk .
on day three i was blindfolded and thrown in the trunk of a car .
the trunk was so hot and it smelled . ''
` ` when the car stopped he pulled me out of the trunk .
if you believe that a couple of tweets on social media are considered as worthy evidence then i suggest you recheck your becoming a cop for dummies manual that you most certainly leave in your filthy cars back trunk .
pickett finished tightening the wheel nuts , and rolled the flat back to the trunk .
pickett slammed the trunk closed .
cornie says you were locked in the trunk of a car belonging to a hit woman , and when it ended up sinking in a frozen pond , you managed to escape .
someone called the beat office to report a man in a purple jogging outfit removing the entire stack of copies from the newsrack outside the ashby bart station , tossing them in the trunk of a dirty white honda and driving off .
at one newsrack near the rei , early in the morning , a minute after the truck driver unloaded and untied a stack of newspapers and placed them in a rack , the man in the jogging suit grabbed the papers and dumped them in his trunk .
and , so help me , if you start prattling on about the proper authorities , i will hit you over the head with your present -- whenever we stop so that i can get it out of my bag in the trunk .
he backed out of the car , kicked patterson on his way to the trunk .
he threw the unconscious kid into the trunk , and then took a few seconds to look around and check if anybody had seen him .
he d be able to get the body into the trunk unseen .
inside the trunk i found the tire iron .
i had antonio , our driver at the time , put the double baby stroller and a pile of other supplies in the trunk of the limousine .
a seventy - ish man in plaid shorts , a bag of golf clubs slung over his shoulder , came through the ornate front door handing the golf bag to a valet who stashed it in the trunk of a cadillac parked partway through the circular drive .
rusty got out and took bev 's suitcase out of the trunk , saying , what a rude son of a bitch .
but you have to understand thirteen years of being a single parent have meant i ' m the one who gets out first and opens the child - proof doors , fishes the groceries out of the trunk and otherwise fends for myself .
right there in the trunk , next to the spare .
from the front seat he lifted the canvas bag , heavy with all that dough , and locked it in the car trunk .
enough cash sat in that canvas bag stowed in the trunk of the ford to get out of this roach nest .
in the trunk of the ford sitting in the parking lot downstairs was a load of cash in the canvas bag he d taken from that prick cruz .
while she unlocked the trunk , kell removed his jacket , deposited it on the seat of the ford and rolled up his shirtsleeves .
he watched while she bent over in the trunk of her car .
what a laugh , hyde looking for a job with all that dough in the canvas bag in the trunk of the ford .
he had enough dough back there in the trunk to take him to miami , vegas , or any other fun spot he wanted to go .
the man was pulling out bags from the back seat while the boy and girl were grabbing items from the trunk .
you know in the movies that 's when someone slams into you from behind and your trunk pops open .
pour the ammonia in the trunk and over the steering wheel . ''
and if this is nt enough , i ve got a kilo in the trunk .
they re in the trunk , sam replied , his eyes panicky as they rested on the looming black structure and all its scaffolding .
he impatiently got out of the car and went around to the convertibles back to put up the top and dig a gray knit sweater from the trunk .
i grabbed my bag from the trunk of my car and slowly trudged up the front steps , taking in everything around me on my way to the door .
fifteen minutes later my flat tire lay in the trunk of his car , and my jeep was ready to go again .
he asked me to open the trunk , and dug out his metal detector from under the piles of camping equipment .
he threw the metal detector into the trunk and handed me back my jacket .
i got phil a beer from the trunk of the car .
he motioned to the cab second in line and the driver popped the trunk .
gregor popped the trunk .
then he hoisted the man over his shoulder and dumped him into the trunk .
he could make out the luminescent paint on an emergency trunk release , added to newer cars by manufacturers who did nt want to be sued when some kid crawled into dads trunk during a game of hide and seek and could nt get out .
he could make out the luminescent paint on an emergency trunk release , added to newer cars by manufacturers who did nt want to be sued when some kid crawled into dads trunk during a game of hide and seek and could nt get out .
he was in the trunk of a moving car .
the trunk was empty .
he rolled onto his stomach and folded his legs as best he could into the space behind him , his feet touching the outer wall of the trunk on the drivers side .
but , now , gregors plans were complicated by the guy in his trunk .
maybe he could make the guy in the trunk work to his advantage .
popped the trunk with the button on the key fob and waited .
so instead of jumping ship , the cleanser walked back to the car and rummaged around the trunk .
aside from the obvious government license plates , the vehicle sported two curly antennas sticking out the trunk lid , limo - tint side windows and of course , no hubcaps .
at least put the shit in the trunk .
she put the stuff away in the trunk and went over to see madam sylvia .
she pasted the smile to her faceit got easier with practiceand popped the trunk .
todd retrieved the firemans forcible - entry wrecking bar from the trunk while hafidha was velcroing her body armor on , and the team split up .
there s that railroad crossing down in san antonio , where people dust their bumpers and trunks with powder or flour .
that s going in the trunk !
i opened the trunk and she tenderly placed the cooler inside .
leaving twila to close the trunk lid , i slid in and started the car , waiting impatiently while she and granny settled in .
i heard something thump loose in the trunk when you slammed on the brakes .
the bumper behind the trunk .
without those , jack could nt get in the trunk .
ill get the litter out of the trunk .
pushed the trunk release button .
behind me , the trunk lid clicked .
the trunk lid had nt opened completely , although a gap showed between it and the fender .
sir gary leaned negligently on the trunk lid .
it slowly slid open , and sir gary murmured , well , my friend not to me , to the trunk interior seems it is time for you to become joined again .
sir gary wiggled his finger again , and things moved around in the trunk .
jack had already secured the cooler in the trunk and tildy in the back seat , still trussed , although he d removed her gag .
i slammed the trunk shut and flashed back inside and into the bathroom .
he said that there were traces of ether in tims lungs , and they found a can in the trunk .
jack decided that it would be easier to get in the trunk than the front seat undetected .
jack turned on the flashlight only to see the cloud of exhaust fumes in the trunk .
now i get to die in the trunk of my best friends killer brothers car .
i get to die in the trunk of the car my friend died in .
he threw his keys on the lid of the trunk .
right then there was a curious click from the trunk .
his legs were a little numb from the trip , so jack did nt try to leave the trunk .
you threatening me , in the trunk , of your car , in your garage , where my friend just died ?
in desperation he pulled the trunk lid down on the small of jacks back .
jack took a few moments to get out of the trunk carefully .
jack reached into the trunk and grabbed the ether .
jake busied himself with loading her luggage into the trunk and chloe found herself gazing awkwardly at his girlfriend , kate .
okay , bags are in the trunk .
but to avoid that , nick pulled a car cover out from the trunk and handed me a corner .
a few moments later , they labored to lift the bags into the trunk .
i looked more closely at his car , a dark green crown victoria with three whip antennas sticking out of the trunk .
he taped the mouth of the bag shut , scribbled on a label , and chucked it into the trunk .
i answered questions that had become increasingly familiar in the past two weeks , while the driver of the taurus popped the trunk and levered himself out of his car .
` ` we 'll put 'em both in the trunk .
delvecchios right hand was wrapped in a towel , and with his keyless opener in his left hand he hit the button and the trunk lid sprang open .
dedication dedicated to my loving family without their support i d still be just another author looking to be published cover by charlotte alire table of context preface chapter one the inheritance chapter two chatterton place chapter three dark eyed portrait chapter four the decision chapter five where to start chapter six step by step chapter seven handle with care chapter eight an dance unseen chapter nine older brothers chapter ten vip weekend chapter eleven emma 's first cotillion chapter twelve suspicions chapter thirteen the old barn chapter fourteen laughter makes good medacine chapter fifteen an old love story chapter sixteen a brotherly invasion chapter seventeen the rose lady chapter eighteen christmas at chatterton place chapter nineteen darkest before the dawn chatterton place saga continues contact patricia preface michael chase stood motionless before the window in the darken room , safely out of sight of his defiant wife forcing sleeping bags into the trunk of their little car in the driveway .
his arms contained the bulk his fathers were lacking to muscle the wooden crate to the car 's trunk nearly two blocks away .
leaning back against the trucks wide wheel well to steady her knocking knees , emma understood better the strange experience , shed felt as they had put the sleeping bags into the trunk of the car that morning .
most fashion dolls were designed to fit right inside the trunks like this one does .
i ve wrapped it up in a wee - wee pad along with the picture , and ill stow it in the trunk of my car until we find out who owns them .
hide the trunk , caroline had written .
she carefully replaced the accessories , closed the trunk , and pulled out into the early afternoon traffic .
the rain pelted gretchens arms and face as they hurriedly stuffed the contents of daisys shopping cart into the trunk .
as soon as they stopped in her mothers driveway under the carport , she dug through the trunk .
it was wiped clean but in the trunk we found blond hairs that matched sarahs one hundred percent , smythe concluded with a pleased flourish .
why is our first sight of the man on the day of the murder , driving away with sarah in the trunk ?
she had a modern - looking trunk cabin , its forward face pierced by a big lexan hatch .
then i remembered the forward hatch , set into the front of the cabin trunk .
the trunk was filled with gas cans .
hummel opened his mouth , but i slammed the trunk lid and gestured with the gun .
his trunk was full of empty gas cans .
and you might want to get the other gas cans out of your trunk .
just to make sure there was enough , archie had stashed a bottle of peppermint schnapps in the trunk of his car just in case he needed a boost .
chapter twenty - six i do nt think i can take too many more nights like these last couple , terrance forewarned himself while peering through the motel rooms curtains to see if anyone lurked outside waiting to grab him and drag him away to mexico in the trunk of a cartel vehicle .
only years later did he find the clip full of bullets he now held in his hand , in his get - away cars trunk .
she opened the trunk of her car and tugged at the bags until she had all three out on the ground .
she pulled the trunk switch and stepped out of the car .
henry put the gun cases in the trunk of the car ; he did nt like having a weapon in the passenger compartment unless he had it strapped to his waist .
the club did nt have many facilities , the bathroom was a portable outhouse , and refreshments were in the ice chest in the trunk of henrys car .
wanting to show his appreciation for the mans promptness , he took his own bags to the rear of the taxi and placed them in the trunk , as opposed to the driver stepping out and securing the luggage .
there had nt been any in the open trunk , and there was none on the seats or the floor in the passenger compartment .
` ` you know , i can hear you just fine , since most of the windows are gone , '' steele said sarcastically , frowning as he watched her go to the trunk .
syd obeyed , and within a few minutes , they found a rifle case and two suitcases in the trunk .
police , working on a tip , found what was described as a ` ` large haul of illegally obtained prescribed painkillers '' in the trunk of the doctor 's car .
as for steve miciano , well , how hard is it to plant drugs in a man 's trunk and tell the police to take a look ?
` ` so , just get the bag out of the trunk , down the hill , and into the plane , '' sally prompted .
what sally had wedged in her trunk was an actual punching bag that she 'd appropriated from someone 's garage .
and muttering further encouraging things and heaving with all my might , i got the punching bag out of the trunk .
ten minutes , most of which had been absorbed by extricating the bag from the trunk , and hoisting the bag into the plane .
i pulled out the old towel i kept in the trunk of my car , since the bench had a damp look .
it might have been mike 's knowledge of huff 's occupation , but he looked to mike very much like a cop who 'd pulled him over and was keeping his face neutral so that maybe you 'd just admit you 'd been speeding or had a stash of drugs in the trunk .
probably hundreds of vehicles would be on it and she doubted one would have a sign on the back reading body in trunk .
the body could be in the trunk of even the smallest car .
parked near the bridge was mr . hubbard 's late - model cadillac , its driver 's door open , along with the trunk .
the rain was steady now and the wind had picked up , and there was no good reason for mr . hubbard to leave his door and trunk open .
he arrived at the bridge in a suit , no gun or badge , but he did have a pair of old boots in the trunk .
he watched while the chinese guy opened the trunk .
jack lawson was in the trunk .
for crying out loud , he 'd been locked in the trunk by this muscle - headed jackie chan .
suppose there was n't enough air in the trunk ?
the chinese guy slammed the trunk closed .
` ` i saw ... let that man out of the trunk . ''
the kid glanced toward the trunk .
he packed rocky conwell into the trunk of his toyota celica .
jack lawson was tied up in the trunk .
that was what perlmutter felt now because the back of the car , the trunk area , was low .
something heavy was in the trunk .
the trunk 's lock popped open , the sound echoing .
something large had been squished into the trunk , like an oversize pillow .
she put the suitcase in the trunk .
the corpse was in the trunk .
last night the body in the trunk had been filled with life .
george knew the man wanted to ask if there would be enough air once the trunk was closed , but he did not dare .
george closed the trunk and drove away .
george knew that he would have to keep the body in the trunk for the night .
taking one last look , george hefted the corpse out of the trunk , dumped it by the trash bags , climbed back in the car , and drove off .
there was a fair amount make that gallons of the victim 's blood splashed all over the floor of the trunk .
based on the tremendous amount of blood in the trunk , we can speculate that bradley was murdered while lying in the trunk of the car .
based on the tremendous amount of blood in the trunk , we can speculate that bradley was murdered while lying in the trunk of the car .
the killer keeps the body in the trunk overnight , wakes up the next morning , and dumps his body behind a gay bar . ''
that would give him the opportunity to drag the bodies to the elevator , head down to the basement , get them out through the tunnel george had used , and put them in the trunk of his car .
can i stop by and put a cooler in your trunk ?
maybe the rifle was locked in mookie 's car trunk .
after a few minutes he came back out with something under his arm , and he put it in the trunk and we went out to eat .
` ` i decided the only way to look inside the car trunks - which , if you 'll remember , was your suggestion - was to have a little accident with the cars involved .
it would be reasonable to look in the trunk after that .
i figured if i hit them just right , the trunk would open anyway . ''
he put on brown leather gloves and took a black sports bag from the trunk .
the other started loading eva 's belongings into the trunk .
keys jingled in the dark , and the trunk to one of the two cars opened .
lord looked down , satisfied that the man was out , then glanced into the trunk .
they hog - tied his legs to his neck , put him in the trunk of a stolen car , and let him slowly strangle himself to death .
they dumped the bag in the lincoln 's trunk .
later litif was found in the trunk with a bullet hole in his head .
when huff and connecticut detectives landed at miami airport , john callahan was dead in the trunk of his rented cadillac in a garage at the same airport .
he tosses in lo 's duffle bag and closes the trunk .
` ` i do n't suppose you have a picnic lunch in the trunk , '' shannon said .
she sighed , carefully placing the letter back in the trunk and stripping off her plastic gloves .
` ` someone 's definitely here , '' audrey commented , heading around to the trunk of daphne 's car to grab their bags .
the bleeding had stopped so he discarded the towel in a plastic bag and tossed it in the trunk .
less than thirty minutes later , their bags were in my trunk , and we were pulling out of the parking lot heading to the closest mcdonalds and then off to their apartment .
` ` yep , i just need to throw scarlett 's suitcase in the trunk , and we are good to go . ''
i called out , ` ` my clothes are in a pale blue gym bag in the trunk ! ''
i walk over to chelcie 's car and throw the bag that i ' m carrying in the trunk .
he popped the trunk open and pulled the spare free .
he laughed one low note , heaving the flat tire into the trunk .
i had yet to purchase one of those snow scraper thingeys native new yorkers seemed to have at least two of in the trunks of their cars on any given day of the year , so i used my forearm to scrape the snow off the windows before tossing myself inside .
i already told you that they do n't like riding in the trunk . ''
i walk to the trunk and grab the tools i need to reconnect the cable .
peter walks back and digs around in the trunk .
peter slams the trunk closed and holds out his hand .
chapter twelve stryker i stumbled out to her car and found the trunk absolutely bursting with anything and everything you could make a thanksgiving with .
brennan popped the trunk and pulled out his guitar case .
i saw connor smirking as he put our bags in the trunk .
liam asked the cab driver , tossing his bag into the trunk .
ty took my bag from my shoulder and tossed it in the trunk along with his .
the trunk pops open and seconds later it closes again .
the trunk pops open and he hides his suitcase and black duffle bag away inside of it .
victor grabs all three bags and conceals them inside the trunk .
eric puts my suitcase in the trunk with their bags and then hops in the backseat .
and part of me was all for duct taping nice - guy - cade and throwing him in the trunk .
we grabbed blankets from the trunk of her car and cocooned ourselves away in the backseat .
when alexander , my mom 's boyfriend - of - the - month - a grade a douche by my standards - wrangled the bag into the trunk , i was fairly certain he 'd have to meet with a chiropractor twice a week for the next year .
` ` thanks , '' i said as i opened the trunk and grabbed the first blanket .
the hood had the word ' whore ' in huge letters and along each side of the car from front to trunk were variations on the same thing .
i got a blanket from the trunk of my car and we walked down the trail , hannah 's eyes on the sky , my eyes on hannah .
i locked the stuff in the trunk of my lincoln .
i gathered bethany 's stuff from the trunk of my car and piled it in the living room .
` ` i live near trenton , '' he explained as we put our bags in the trunk .
it 's little after midnight when we pile into tristan 's cadillac , with our suitcases , tents , sleeping bags , and all the other shit nova and i picked up at the store piled in the trunk .
` ` i think tristan left one of the sleeping bags in the trunk .
nate snorted at me and guided me to the trunk of the car .
i stopped and turned back to look at nate , who had gotten all the bags out of the trunk and was locking up .
i smiled at the driver as he unloaded the last of the suitcases from the trunk .
a quick scurry backwards and my hands pulled my keys out of my purse and i popped the trunk .
she yells at me , but kate and gus do n't say anything else until i have the trunk open .
i had one bag with me and two others in the trunk .
` ` i love when they wheel the dead body out of the hospital and get caught with it in the trunk ! ''
i watched her in silence as she heaved it into the taxi trunk , ignoring the driver 's awkward attempts at helping her .
the trunk slammed shut , and i was immersed in darkness .
alfonzo had blindfolded me and tied my wrists together before he shoved me in the trunk , but i 'd managed to slip off the blindfold about an hour ago .
matt was getting the bags out of the trunk , but i noticed that his eyes never left kat .
i get to my feet , put the book back , and shut the trunk , wondering what it would have been like if we had been friends in high school .
she waves at us and then blake backtracks to the trunk .
` ` i ' m going to get the tow strap out of the trunk . ''
popping the trunk , he grabs something before hurrying back in , shivering from the cold air .
` ` hey , i ' m not a f**king pushover , '' ethan calls out as he tosses the last box into the trunk of the chevelle .
a few hours later , we pull over into a rest stop for a quick bathroom break and to get some snacks out of the trunk .
micha kisses me when he reaches me , then unlocks the trunk and sets lila 's suitcase inside .
micha looks at me curiously , waiting to hear my answer as he drops my bag into the trunk .
micha laughs as he tosses lila 's suitcase into the trunk .
i rub my tired eyes , then slant my head to the side and watch the stars in the sky stream by in various illuminating colors , trying not to think about the journal tucked away in my bag in the trunk .
i wrap my arms around myself and wait for micha to come open the trunk as i stare at my house next door .
he leans in to give me a kiss on the lips , before popping the trunk .
micha calls out to ethan , slamming the trunk shut .
i ' m about to head back to the trunk when the door swings open and the girl who lives next door steps outside .
as i unload a few fold - up chairs from the trunk , i pretend i ' m not nervous , even though i am .
ethan heaves a large tupperware bin out of the trunk and drops it onto the ground as i suck drag after drag off the cigarette , my heart calming , my skin warming under my coat and shirt .
` ` i think gabe could whack you and toss you in the trunk , yeah .
gabe pulls the sled out of the trunk and mentions something about how easy a body would fit back there when he hands it to sean .
gabe could n't shove a toboggan in the trunk , so we have a couple of plastic disc sleds .
then gabe can shove me in the trunk and drop me in the east river with cement shoes . ''
you do n't know a damn thing , and if you tackle someone , i swear to god that i 'll taser your ass and throw you in the trunk .
i was used to running and always kept a spare life in the trunk .
the kava would kick in soon , and if it did n't , i had a few bottles of ativan in the trunk .
i had ativan in the trunk .
they were in a metal box in the trunk , the place where ellie carried a ` ` spare life . ''
raul took the bag from me and tossed it in the trunk , then held the back door open like he was the perfect gentleman .
all your stuff is still in the trunk . ''
javier scoffed , though i did n't know if it was for the state of the car or camden 's comment , and made his way to the trunk .
i turned to javier and quickly ran over to him , trying to get my keys into the trunk of the car .
i yelled back as javier got the trunk open .
` ` she 's being a good girl , '' javier said , just as the trunk was bombarded with bullets , sounding like metal fireworks being set off .
one hit the trunk again , a dangerously close call , just as javier brought the car spinning around the corner and on to another road .
normally i would have brought out everything from the trunk but there were an awful lot of lives in there , an awful lot of stuff .
it was dirty , brown from mud , and i quickly shimmied out of it and into a pair of jeans and a tee - shirt i brought out of one of the spare bags from the trunk before javier came out of the bathroom .
as it was i had a blonde wig in the trunk too and brought it out before he could say anything .
i took the wig off , my scalp already sweating from it and threw it back in the trunk .
a shiver occasionally rocked through her despite my leather jacket that covered her shoulders that camden must have gotten out of the trunk .
javier opened the trunk and derek quickly slid inside .
the trunk opened and derek started going through the guns that the team had left behind before we went traversing through the jungle .
derek and camden both shot me one last look before they closed the trunk .
at least this way , i can be civil and kind , but not the civil kind who after a few big smiles ends up in a trunk with their throat slit .
as long as i steer clear of # 1 ... my last name , and # 2 ... any addresses or phone numbers that might lead him back to my house in the event that i ever go back home , and then end up in his trunk with my throat slit .
` ` good thing i have a spare in the trunk . ''
she walks around to the trunk and i lift the spare out and set in on the road .
` ` now get the jack and the tire iron out of the trunk and bring them over . ''
in a few minutes , the new tire has been tightened and i chuck the flat one along with the jack and the tire iron back into the trunk .
i slam the trunk closed and step up to her , feeling the water squishing around inside my shoes because i ' m not wearing socks and i smile in at her , hoping to make her smile , too .
i walk her around to the trunk and hop onto it .
` ` yes , i think that 's a great idea - is there a blanket in the trunk ? ''
i pop the trunk and rummage that roadside box for the rolled - up blanket , which smells like old car and somewhat like gasoline .
` ` it was a u.s . marine hospital in the 1930 's , '' i say , lifting my bags from the trunk .
the boys ' rental car let out a metallic groan as matt 's bag landed with a thud in the trunk .
a cab driver tossed the last of her suitcases into the trunk before slamming it shut .
i reached into the open trunk of the car , pulling at my suitcase .
i tried to be nonchalant , but they recognized me right away as i pulled my suitcase from the trunk .
my gut clenches , and i look toward emily but she 's stowing my belongings in the trunk .
i settled inside , wrapping my seat belt around myself just as spencer joined me after placing my bag in the trunk .
once he 'd retrieved his bag from the trunk , he grabbed my hand and started pulling me towards the celebrities in our midst .
he grabbed his bag from the trunk , then we quietly stepped into the home that seemed empty .
the driver packed it in the trunk for him while kellan slipped into the backseat .
anna was nearly buried in luggage in the backseat , since the trunk in this thing was n't overly spacious .
he did n't respond to me , and i was sure the trunk of the chevelle was going to be loaded with enough diapers to cover the bottoms of half the children in seattle .
` ` want to stash your purse in my trunk ?
we stashed my purse in his trunk , making our way toward the back of the house by way of a paved path .
there should be some tape in the first - aid kit in the trunk of the car .
popping the trunk , i get the first - aid kit and shove it in my bag before i head to the reception of the motel .
i opened the trunk , pulled my bags out .
the cab coasted over , popped the trunk , and i shoved my bags in .
i pop the trunk and drop my bag inside then dig out beast 's food and water bowl and set them down on the ground .
as soon as the trunk light comes on , i can see that she had pulled up the carpet to get to her spare , but there is no spare , and no extra tire that could have been jen 's .
i was more stacked than her in the chest department , and mine were very much natural , but she had waaay more junk in the trunk .
he took my suitcase out of the trunk , inclining his head at us .
` ` get in before i throw you in the trunk with the last guy who pissed me off . ''
they were a little tight in the ass , as she had more junk in her trunk than he did .
` ` open the trunk , '' he demanded , and knocked on it in case the man was going to take his sweet time obeying .
a moment later , he heard the pop of the trunk release , and griffin opened it , looking inside .
one stick of a needle filled with a knockout drug and i could find myself being carried out of here only to wake up duct - taped in the trunk of a car .
you want to hide in the trunk ? ''
i could tell he wanted to just walk out into the alley and pull the cooler from the trunk , but he could n't .
as we exited the car , ryan stopped to remove his bags from the trunk of the sedan .
i shook my head to get my mind back to the task at hand , and pushed my cart to the trunk of my car to transfer my bags .
i transferred all the bags from the trunk to the kitchen and then drove off to park my car .
ryan 's father quickly unloaded their luggage from my trunk .
we gave his parents quick hugs and kisses while they retrieved their bags from the trunk ; the camera flashes were disorienting and annoying .
he placed the box of evidence ryan and i had gathered from our stalker in the trunk of the car before escorting me out of the pub safely .
i removed my backpack from the trunk of the car , slung it over my shoulder , and readied my small carry - on suitcase .
the man takes our four suitcases and piles them - improbably , it seems to me - into the trunk , hands adam a key fob , and accepts a folded $ 100 bill .
he stows the wetsuit in the trunk , then slides the board into the rack on the roof , stretching his arms to lock the board in place .
aidan jerked his head up , slamming it against the trunk lid .
after the chanel boutique and the rest of holt renfrew , claude loaded my haul into the trunk of a car .
` ` mmm , '' he said , his voice ringing with doubt as he rearranged the items in the trunk .
he closed the trunk and gave me a cool , appraising look with his pale - blue eyes .
` ` i think i have one in the trunk . ''
i did n't need to bring anything but my vocal chords and my viola , so i did n't need to lug instruments in the trunk .
i tossed him my keys ; he nabbed them and bleeped the trunk open .
they did it with luci 's flashy , red corvette stuffed to the gills with beach paraphernalia , as in , stuffed so full her trunk was n't shut .
i watched rex give joel a look as we all stood at the trunk of my car and brock carefully handed out bags filled with cake boxes and stacked pie holders to his sons .
brock straightened from the trunk with the last bags and slammed it shut .
i parked behind brock 's brand new , huge , dark blue gmc , turned off the ignition , exited my car and headed to the trunk , shivering the minute my body left my warm vehicle and hit the arctic air .
i opened the trunk and grabbed the handles of the plethora of parcels in the back , carefully arranging the bags in my grip , bags made awkward due to the copious rolls of christmas wrap poking out .
juggling bags while avoiding poking myself with rolls of paper , i slammed the trunk using my elbow and headed to brock 's patio .
he switched the tire with her spare , dumped the flat into her trunk , and was slamming it closed when he stated , ` ` get to the garage .
we filled the trunk and mom got in the passenger side as i hoofed the cart to the bay .
the bad news was , he was in my life and therefore i was sitting outside a prison in southern california in my 2011 electric blue charger with the two wide , white racing stripes that went up the hood , over the roof and down the trunk and spoiler waiting for a man named ty walker to be released from prison .
i got free and moved around the trunk to the passenger side .
luckily , we only stood out there for long enough for walker to grab the huge - ass , black duffle shift had put in my trunk and warned me not to open or ` ` hell would be paid '' and then heft out my roller bag and drop it to its wheels on the pavement .
he barked , felt lexie 's surprised movement rather than saw it but also saw tight trunk man 's shades jerk up to his face .
and i talked him into the charger because i 'd put something in the trunk .
` ` pop the trunk , honey , will you ? ''
` ` pop the trunk , ty , '' i semi - repeated .
i slammed the trunk and headed to his side , taking his hand in mine and tugging him to the frame shop .
` ` right now , get a bag , fill it with all the cash , the gun , clips and ammo , leave the diamonds but be sure to get misty 's letter , you put that shit into the bag and take it to the trunk of your charger .
i stowed the bags in the trunk , pulled my new baby out and parked it off our property then i raced back up the hill .
phoebe moved to the trunk of the car .
their jackets were in the trunk of the car ready for them .
she asked as the man pulled their suitcases out of the trunk .
ned slammed the trunk down .
in no time at all , her bags were moved to the trunk of a car , and she was placed in the front beside lash .
prue placed the two pushchairs in the trunk of the car as angel secured the two kids in their car seats .
a minute later he threw her luggage in the trunk and backed out of her driveway so fast he left tire tracks on the beige pavers .
travis narrowed his eyes at the driver , making it perfectly clear that the sleeping beauty was all his , staring him down until the driver stepped away from the door and went to the trunk to remove their luggage .
travis lifted their bags from the trunk .
just thinking about her trapped in the trunk of a car , taken to god knows where in a foreign country , and being violated over and over again made his entire body shudder with fury .
two men in sharp suits come jogging over to grab our luggage out of the trunk , before i ' ve even unbuckled my seat belt .
he tosses the bags in the trunk and then we are on our way to his place .
` ` surprised to see you on this side of town , '' i hear a familiar voice call out , and when i close the trunk , i ' m greeted by richard 's snide smile .
it took me a second to realize that jacob wanted me to get out and i scrambled to join him , eyeing the tiny vehicle as he pulled the suitcases from the trunk of the mercedes .
` ` got some in the trunk . ''
they reached the cars , and cash popped the trunk of his escape and grabbed a few towels and four water bottles .
` ` make sure nobody 's looking at my bare ass , '' he called as he grabbed a pair of camo pants from the duffel bag in his trunk .
she unlocked the trunk and lifted the floormat , peering into the compartment to inventory its contents .
setting her jaw in fortitude , she heaved the spare tire out of the trunk and set it on the grass next to the curb , then went back for the tools .
` ` let me just throw this in the trunk .
with the trunk door up , neither child could see them through the back windshield , and seth took full advantage of that .
they got out of the cab and dylan rounded the vehicle to grab their bags from the trunk .
the other three filed out too , loitering near the trunk as cash opened the compartment that housed the suv 's spare tire .
but as it is , i am sweaty and grumpy as sophie and i pile our purchases ( all $ 793 dollars worth ) in the trunk of my black audi .
together we walk to my jam - packed car , where i put that awful handgun in the trunk and suri checks the tire pressure .
after a few minutes spent checking in at the counter and handing over her credit card and drivers license , anne stored her luggage in the trunk and drove out onto interstate 5 before heading north to seattle .
then after stowing her suitcase and new clothing in the trunk of her rental car , she made her way up interstate 405 to the highway 520 exchange and headed east to redmond .
lem me give you a hand , nick , paul said , taking a box from the trunk of the car .
mom follows me around to the trunk .
the women gathered up all the packages and put them in the trunk .
after she made her purchases , she locked the guns in the trunk of her car and headed to the hospital .
when you met me , i was traveling around in my old clunker with all my clothes and possessions in the back seat and trunk .
its in the top right trunk at the very top , you ca nt miss it .
once their luggage was loaded into the trunk of an armor - plated limo from the embassys fleet of vehicles , they departed the compound with two other canadian diplomats .
sadie swore as cisco pried the luggage from her hand and moved them into the trunk of the car .
he tossed me in the trunk and then the car took off .
i got out of the trunk at one point and i got away for a minute .
alright guys , toss selenas stuff in the trunk and lets go .
britney joked as she shoved one last box into the trunk of the car .
mona was leaving him ... somebody saw her at the outskirts of town ... she had a suitcase all packed and in the trunk ... poor ben ... poor poor little gracie ...
put your bags in the trunk .
as soon as i open mr . roberts door , they ll have no choice but to blindfold me , tape my mouth shut , hog - tie me , and throw me in the trunk of their car .
i looked around the trunk of my dads mercedes suv to check if i left anything for the camping trip , well if i did then ill burrow from jt .
it took paige a moment to recognize the cylindrical object he pulled out of the bikes trunk for what it was - a bottle of booze .
the guy who broke in damaged both the door locks , so for months noah had to climb into the car through the trunk until he could scrape together enough money to fix the locks .
instead , he unlocked the trunk .
he patted his back pocket to be sure the condoms were still there then grabbed the sleeping bag out of the trunk .
since he was able to stretch out his full six - foot - one frame , he knew he was nt in the trunk of a car , so he gathered he had to be in a van or a truck of some kind .
he turned his back on her and began storing her equipment in the open trunk of her car .
she pulled a bag from the trunk and went into the lodge .
discreetly removing the wetsuit , he threw on some board shorts , then opened the hatch on the back , picked - up his laptop , and sat in the open trunk , typing away .
getting out of her car , she fixed her dress and picked up the trader joes bag from the trunk .
he preferred taking her through the halloween event that their local church put on , where they walked the parking lot and people parked and handed candy out from the trunks of their cars .
she looked in the trunk .
it was in the trunk of the car .
snow started falling as we were putting the boards in the trunk , and the sun was nearly gone here .
i gave a jaunty little wave and pretended to get something out of the trunk .
i emptied the trunk for the new treadmill i was trialing .
chelsea , marie , and kaylie looked like perfectly formed barbie dollsperky breasts , slim waists , and just the right amount of cushion in the trunk .
mac did nt have much except for the rucksack he d slung in the trunk , and he was capable of carrying that himself .
that bag was now in the trunk where he had put it before climbing behind the steering wheel .
thankfully , the rest of her things were in the trunk , and she had stuck her cell phone in her back pocket before she went inside .
ben gave sean direction on how best to fit it in the trunk .
i crawled in the back with the other girls and we took everyones packs and laid them as neatly as we could in the trunk from our position .
hendrix loaded up the duffels into the trunk and they piled back in the hummer ; we were allowed to pass through gate one .
we fell silent as nelson and harrison loaded our packs in the trunk and filed into the captain chairs in front of us .
the bags were haphazardly thrown in the trunk and we squeezed in .
he parked the car , got out of it and took a deep breath as he took out his duffel bag from the trunk and went inside the gym .
he took the coil of wire and the mike , put them inside , slammed the trunk , and gave me an impatient look .
* * * * at midnight , chilled to the bone , i wearily climbed out of jims car and hobbled stiffly toward the trunk .
although the opened trunk , now empty of equipment , did yearn for a body to be stuffed in it .
a couple got out , popped the trunk , and hauled out luggage .
a dimly seen masculine - shaped figure got out , hurried around and opened the trunk .
he may never get it out of the trunk .
if he had to pop the trunk to show her the gift in order to keep her next to him a little longer , he was all for it .
angelina , wait , she shouted , then grabbed her hiking boots , took her pack from the trunk and locked the land rover .
the trunk popped open , followed by three of the four doors .
i tried not to laugh as i tossed her suitcases in the trunk and slid behind the wheel .
i d retrieved my old set of clubs from the trunk and was opening her door for her before she could even undo her seatbelt .
she got a backpack out of the trunk and handed it to andrew .
grabbing three bags of groceries from the trunk , she headed for the stairs but went right at the top instead of toward her own condo on the left .
when she said she was , he loaded her suitcases in his trunk .
while horn - rims opened the trunk , dropped a couple backpacks in , and slammed it shut , dave closed the door and began checking out the old radio and dashboard features .
dave had turned to get a look at the bridge , while he slipped the backpack on and by the time he turned back , horn - rims had slammed the trunk and was headed up the stone walkway and up the bluff .
the children were left in the car , and when he returned , he put the items in the trunk of his 1949 buick and headed back to the campgrounds .
she managed to signal one and the cheerful driver put all her suitcases in the commodious trunk .
sally asked him , do you want us to stop and get a sweater out of the trunk ?
they laid out the sumptuous food they brought in bags from the trunk of the car , and threw down the soccer ball that paolo and tonino would eventually not be able to resist kicking around .
i think owen has blankets in the trunk .
mia pointed to one of the suitcases in the trunk .
his duffel bag and a small box full of his other effects were in his trunk .
he skirted the trunk of the car and found nothing , then turned the corner to return to the front of the vehicle , where his partner , yuri lay dead .
with no cars passing in either direction , he tossed the officers corpse into the trunk of the cruiser and slammed the trunk shut .
with no cars passing in either direction , he tossed the officers corpse into the trunk of the cruiser and slammed the trunk shut .
eugene also had a dead cop stuffed in his trunk and the cell phone that placed the 9 - 1 - 1 call in his pocket , gabriel stated .
my purse is still locked in the trunk .
she got her purse from the trunk , and headed back towards the restaurant .
mary saw her dilemma and said , well , that means one of you will have to stay behind or else ride in the trunk .
i turned and saw a whole herd of guys climbing onboard , some in trunks and others bravely donning speedos .
you got trash in your front trunk , crap under the drivers seat , and i think there s a mouldy sandwich .
the other cop got something out of their trunk and joined his partner .
but it was nt long before she and hank walked her to her car , hank carrying her suitcase , sliding it into the trunk for her , shutting it firmly .
harvey punched his key fob and the trunk flipped open .
after that , harvey assisted everyone into the limousine and then loaded the wheelchair in the trunk .
jack returned his wave curtly , and then opened the trunk to unload todds bags .
taylor grabs our bags from the trunk , and we make our way onto the porch .
i m a total bitch , i admitted , hauling her giant suitcase from the trunk with a grunt .
i will gladly haul this bag of boulders back into the trunk and drive you wherever you want to go .
geez , sensei , a little room yoshida put rosalies luggage into the trunk and then spotted the cell phone on the ground .
oh god , he s got a dead body in the trunk .
mac pulled open the trunk .
i need to get the files for the trunk show tour .
her eyes fell on the trunk show file beneath the transparent plastic .
the trench coat was , of course , in the trunk .
as phelps dug through the suitcases in the trunk to find his trusty duffel bag , i snapped dyllies leash on and pranced her over to do her business .
you mean more than being stuck in a limo with ferrero in an artistic tizzy , pulling over to get a trench coat out of the trunk , and getting carjacked in the process ?
while the driver struggled to load my suitcase in the trunk , i absorbed the magic of new york at night .
anthony , can you pop the trunk and give mia a bottle of the wine ?
she walked up behind him and without even looking at her , he grabbed the suitcase and brought it to the trunk .
he had his head in the trunk and was arranging the suitcases to make them fit .
yep , that s about right , he said from inside the trunk .
they removed wetsuits from trunks and stripped off near the cars .
charlie pulled hunters luggage from the trunk of the limousine .
he had already taken a couple of the bags out of my trunk .
she put it and her dulcimer in the trunk of her car , strapped chloe into her car seat and headed over to her mother 's house .
i had to put it in the trunk with the cooler to keep it safe from the chicken thief .
we pushed the cart out to the parking lot and loaded the groceries into the trunk before nate returned it to the nearest cart corral .
we drove it to new york when we started college , with all of our belongings stuffed in the trunk , and we never looked back .
i pulled the guitar out of the trunk and quietly slipped back into the hotel room .
we have some equipment in the trunk .
her front bumper had dented , but the impact had n't been enough to pop her trunk .
she walked past him to the car , opening the trunk and removing the buckets , brooms and other cleaning equipment that madame guillot had lent her to start the cleaning .
the real arsenal , with which he intended to assault talbot 's peak , remained hidden in the trunk of his car .
` ` cochrane has a car trunk full of serious weapons .
he got away from the alien bunny probe - free , only to discover his arsenal in the trunk was gone .
cochrane shouted as well as he was able with the trunk squeezing all the air out of him .
` ` watch out for the trunk , '' deuce said .
tristan opened the trunk , took out two fishing poles , a tackle box filled with different kinds of lures , and a can of live bait .
i was surprised to see that my luggage was in the trunk , even the huge , black suitcase i had left in the house in corinth .
he moves us away from the car as the others approach with their suitcases and gabriel helps them pack them into the trunk .
after stowing our luggage into the trunk of the cab she managed to hail , we climbed in and gave the name of the hotel to the driver .
our driver pulled our luggage from the trunk and set it on the curb .
they loaded the four boxes inside , two in the trunk and the other two in the backseat .
she pressed a button on the keychain the rental company gave her , and the trunk popped up .
he went to the trunk and pulled out a couple of beach towels .
she popped the trunk and pulled out a medium sized plastic tub container .
he found one , drove into it , and got out of the car , heading at once to the trunk where cass 's luggage was stored .
she pulled into the guest parking lot at sea cliff , popped the trunk lever and got out .
the bright trunk light momentarily blinded her .
she shielded her eyes , folded the coat and tried to lay it in , but with the spare tire and other items filling up the space , the heft of the garment prevented the trunk from closing .
she wadded the coat and was stuffing it haphazardly into the trunk when she heard the words , ` ` cass , what are you doing ? ''
she was in the trunk of a car .
shed teleported herself to the trunk of jesss car .
not willing to allow herself to be held captive in jesss car , though jess had no idea arianna had sifted there , she focused every ounce of her energy on being outside , beyond the confines of the trunk .
i lost my focus completely and came to in the trunk of jesss car .
i sifted from the trunk and saw that i was at my new high school .
popping open her trunk , she collapsed the telescoping handle of her suitcase and lifted the carry - on from the ground .
he opened the trunk and started unloading a bag .
after brian shut the trunk , he reached for his bags .
` ` toiletry kit in the duffel in the trunk , '' colin answered.13 hassan slammed the door behind him , then slammed the trunk shut a few moments later , and as colin wiped the sleep from his eyes , he figured he might as well wake up .
` ` toiletry kit in the duffel in the trunk , '' colin answered.13 hassan slammed the door behind him , then slammed the trunk shut a few moments later , and as colin wiped the sleep from his eyes , he figured he might as well wake up .
` ` pop the trunk , '' lindsey shouted .
colin unlocked the trunk and found a long , double - barreled shotgun with a stained wooden handle .
chase stored her things beside the picnic basket in the trunk .
maureen woods lugged the heavy suitcase from the trunk of her car to the sidewalk .
` ` edith , '' she cried , angrily slapping her hand against her vehicle 's shiny trunk , ` ` what 's gotten into you ? ''
` ` it 's still in the trunk , '' she said .
he let down the car , opened the trunk , grabbed the tire , jacked the car back up .
connor dropped the basket filled with hymn books into the trunk next to the black rollaway bag .
michael slammed the trunk shut .
` ` i swear to you nicole , if you get out of this car , i 'll tie you down in the trunk , '' he threatened her .
` ` your bag is in the trunk for a reason , emma . ''
i watched the splay of muscles across his back through his shirt as he placed his luggage in the trunk next to mine ; irritatingly fascinated by the way they clenched and tightened with his movements .
she walked back to stow her carry - on and my hand brushed up against hers inside the trunk .
pax gets her situated in the car , then loads the wheelchair into the trunk before he turns to me .
i ask wryly as i put my bag in the open trunk .
chase grabbed my single suitcase from the trunk , paid the driver , and led me in .
the trunk popped , and jamie hopped out .
he found one , jammed the truck into park , and nearly jumped out to grab our bags from the trunk .
i locked the front door behind me , and let kelly take the suitcase and stuff it into the trunk of the waiting cab .
max got the clothes from the trunk of the car , he 'd even thought of work boots for her , then led her to a trailer where she got changed .
ten minutes later she was in the trunk , blankets wrapped tightly around her , with an opening in the top to breathe through .
` ` if you would n't mind , we 'd like you to open the trunk . ''
` ` now open the trunk before this has to get ugly . ''
` ` pop the trunk .
she shoved him aside , peered in herself by the glow of the trunk light .
bethanne left the cafe , but once grant had stalked off in the opposite direction she required a few minutes to compose herself before she headed down the street to where she 'd parked the car , her knitting stashed in the trunk .
bethanne closed the trunk .
i changed into my tennis shoes in the parking lot and stowed my purse in the trunk of my car .
but that could ' ve been because he was busy hoisting the suitcase into his trunk .
with that , he placed her backpack carefully beside the heavy bag and shut the trunk .
without a word , jason jumped out and opened the trunk , heaving her suitcase onto the ground .
she finished unloading the groceries , closed her trunk and parked the cart .
when they climbed out of the crown victoria and opened the trunk to remove boxes , the same woman emerged from her car .
then she carried her suitcase outside and thrust it in the trunk of her car .
sure , four - wheel drive was nice , but sandbags in the trunk and chains on the tires worked just as well .
locked in the trunk of a car that was moving .
then , frantically , mindlessly , she shoved upward with all her strength , despite knowing the trunk lid would n't give way .
just like that , she had a picture of herself - it must be her - leaning into an open car trunk .
because she was n't very big , she 'd had to all but crawl into the trunk before she could reach the latch to yank , then push the back of the seat until it flopped forward .
her fingers closed around a familiar , plastic t - shaped piece dangling at the back of the trunk and she pulled .
she crept around the trunk and saw the mini - mart with a brightly lit arco sign .
how could she guess , when she had no idea how long she 'd been in that car trunk before she became lucid ?
the car trunk was her womb .
in a rush , she said , ` ` the first thing i knew , i was in a car trunk .
facing her past would be harder than anything she 'd done since she escaped from the trunk of the car and shivered her way through that cold night , not knowing who or where she was , only that she did n't dare go back .
i 'd puked , too , in the trunk .
that 's where i crawled into the trunk to unlatch the backseat and fold it down .
that memory that had saved her life when she regained consciousness in the trunk .
she explained about having come to in the trunk of a car , her escape and the amnesia that had kept her from making her way home .
he would n't be closing the file on maddie dubeau 's abduction until he was satisfied he knew who had struck her in the head , dragged her off the bike and dumped her in the trunk of a car with the intention of ultimately raping her , ransoming her or burying her .
` ` i was wearing a shirt that i do n't think was mine when i came to in the trunk . ''
somebody had dumped maddie in the trunk of that car and then driven north to dispose of her .
this had to be her greatest terror , to be trapped in the trunk of a car , knowing when it was opened she 'd be facing her death personified .
she had to be in the trunk of a car again .
curled into a ball in the trunk of the car , her body flushed with horror at the memory .
she carried one of those in the trunk of her own car , to add air to a low tire .
then , despite the pounding in her head , she tried to reason out whether it would be better to pretend to be unconscious and let her assailant pull her out of the trunk ... or to surprise him immediately by swinging the tire iron .
every time he relaxed his guard , he pictured nell sprawled , lifeless , in the trunk of a car .
why would n't duane have killed her before he put her in the trunk ?
the trunk light might not be bright enough for him to see that she was still breathing .
she 'd been in the trunk so long , her eyes were probably better adjusted to the darkness than his .
she 'd been so careful whenever he was in the house , always taking her purse with her if she went into another room , or locking it in the trunk of the car if she 'd known ahead of time that he was coming over .
twenty - five minutes later , her groceries in the trunk of her car , olivia entered java and juice , the coffeehouse next to the safeway .
` ` should we open the trunk ? ''
he now left a spare set in the trunk of his car .
three with a sense of joy and celebration , maryellen sherman carried the heavy cardboard box out of her rental house and set it in the trunk of her car .
in the end , he placed her suitcase in the trunk of his car .
bob had opened the trunk , removed his golf clubs and put them away before he noticed roy .
he confessed to assaulting the limo driver and forcing him to strip off his uniform before making him climb in the trunk .
` ` he 's been taken to harborview hospital , but the paramedics checked him out after the police removed him from the limo trunk .
he took the suitcase from her hand and heaved it into the trunk .
when he pulled up in front of her house , he stomped out of the car to remove her suitcase from the trunk .
jack said , carrying a huge box from the trunk of charlotte and ben 's car , ben on his heels with an equally large carton .
he retrieved everyone 's bags and placed them in the trunk .
i nearly slammed my hand in the trunk .
after tucking the pistol into the trunk with my computer , i headed for town .
i locked my camera and photos in the trunk with the gun , then hurried inside and grabbed what i needed , along with my gris - gris .
i thought about the one adam had given me , which was still locked in the trunk of my car , where it was going to be of so much use to us .
i popped the trunk of the car and retrieved adam 's pistol ; then i went into the house and shut the door , not bothering with the lock , since all the windows were broken anyway .
i ran all the way back to the mansion , grabbed my stuff , and tossed everything into the trunk except the dart gun , cassandra 's knife , and my cell phone .
` ` i have an arsenal in the trunk . ''
when i looked back , both edward and nic were gone , so i chose a weapon , shut the trunk of the cadillac , and headed in the direction of the voice - conveniently in the opposite direction of the others .
the bank was only a few blocks from the bus station , so i left my car with the keys on the seat , took my suitcase from the trunk and rolled it behind me .
she puled over and got out to retrieve her laptop from the trunk so she could download the images and e - mail them to marcus .
she opened the trunk and her laptop was n't there .
kara had put her computer in her trunk only a few hours ago .
` ` i ' ve got gear in the trunk . ''
his rifle was tucked away in his trunk , inside a locked box only his fingerprints or a diamond - tipped saw blade could open .
his rifle was in his trunk .
glancing out the window , i see my grandmother 's land rover sitting in the driveway , backed in so that the open trunk is closest to the house .
there are at least a dozen more bags in the trunk alone , not to mention what might be in the backseat .
she got the bag out of the trunk , unaware of the sharp black eyes that followed her every move .
curious , erica opened it while the driver stacked her luggage in the trunk of the car .
` ` i think you 're wine , '' preston says and takes my bag from the trunk .
he looked like he was clearing out the trunk and any personal stuff from inside .
the only problem is ... '' he looked at the convertible 's tiny trunk , then at luce 's du el bag , then back at the trunk .
he popped the trunk , luce 's massive du el bag in hand .
` ` you think you 're going to attract cam 's attention by stu ng a bag into a trunk ? ''
` ` i have , '' kerry said as he lifted the cooler from the trunk .
shamus asked kerry as he struggled to arrange the luggage in the trunk of his mercedes .
there was a veritable mountain of bags and boxes in the trunk and they still had to stuff many of them in the front seat .
` ` seatac , '' i say , depositing my luggage at the curb by the trunk .
adria rushed back to her car , shoved aside her bags of groceries , and rummaged in the trunk for the flashlight she kept there .
adria grabbed her bags from the trunk of her car , and waddled up the stairs to start her two weeks of relaxation .
` ` i did n't realize you were a gentleman , '' she shot at him , as she pushed the trunk release on her key chain .
grinning like a loon , he hid his face behind the open trunk lid as he loaded her bag .
because they both needed a moment to regroup , he went around to the trunk to get her bag - determined to rein in his rampaging emotions .
as they watched the taxi driver place their bags in the trunk , julia looked up and saw the autumn wind blowing gabriel 's hair , swirling the strands into his eyes .
she pushed a button on her keys , and the trunk popped open .
only one suitcase rested in the trunk .
he placed her bag in the trunk alongside his own .
there was an army - issue shovel in the trunk , part of a kit he 'd picked up at the local military surplus store .
they walked together to the small guest parking area and stacey hit the remote on her keychain that popped open the trunk of her nissan sentra .
she inched by connor and went to the trunk where she pulled out her backpack .
hugh tossed the pirate costume in the trunk and caught her about the waist .
he went to the trunk of the car and wrestled her wheelchair to the ground and brought it to her side , then opened the door .
jessie retrieved her rifle and ammo from the trunk .
i 'd left my glock in the trunk .
i picked up lindsey 's bag and started hauling it towards the trunk , which finally got daniel 's attention .
pax heads around to the trunk of his car and after burrowing around for a minute , pulls out a heavy blue parka .
he gracefully unfolded his large frame from the car , stopping long enough to pull our bag from the trunk .
i can tell you all about the guy i met a few days ago , '' georgia was still chattering away as she led us to her sedan , unlocking the doors and popping the trunk so stefan could stow our bag away .
` ` georgia , open the trunk please , '' i called out .
the trunk lid popped open and i placed my keys in his hand , my fingers lingering against his longer than necessary .
he opened the trunk and pulled out an emergency blanket , which he wrapped around her .
after a mandatory check of the trunk , we were sent on through .
mark opened the trunk of his mid - sized vehicle and winked at nicole .
stephan threw their bags into the trunk and closed it .
` ` bolt and i 'll put you in the trunk next time . ''
i climbed in through the trunk and grabbed the twister , and we took off over a chain - link fence and through someone 's backyard so as to head straight west , toward the highway .
takumi popped the trunk of his suv and grabbed a paper grocery bag with $ 320 in it .
she unlocked the trunk , and he placed her things inside .
the driver retrieved the dive bag from the trunk .
the trunk thumped shut , presumably on their bags .
amelia raced out of the hotel and right up to the limo as the porter loaded the last of the shower gifts into the trunk .
he nodded and then joined the steward to help him load her luggage in the trunk .
he nodded , tossed the cable into the trunk of his car and was prepared to leave when she stopped him .
he opened the car trunk , and his hands shook .
he clenched his hands into tight fists at his sides , resisting slamming them against the trunk lid .
he popped the trunk and let genevieve put her pink suitcase in the bitty space alongside his sleek leather one .
genevieve had her suitcase in and the trunk closed in no time .
harry walked toward the car and pushed the button on his key ring that popped the trunk .
he put down the suitcases , closed the trunk , and glanced around with the uneasy feeling that someone was watching him .
but as she hurried up the walk to the front door , she paused to glance back at harry , who was hauling the suitcases out of the trunk .
` ` just let me haul the backpacks out of the trunk .
in the trunk was a medical kit and various supplies he 'd been asked to bring .
madge said , shaking her head , unlocking the car with the remote and slinging lydia 's suitcase , laptop bag , and carry - on into the trunk , slamming it shut .
` ` look out some bits from the trunks , lass , '' jocasta said , touching the maid 's arm .
` ` you 'll be fine , bambina , but hurry , '' her father said , helping her climb in the trunk .
` ` we 're all going to have to board that train and caterina is going to have to stay in the trunk until we get to philadelphia .
stay in the trunk , and i 'll get you out as soon as i can .
wondering where she was , she felt a moment of panic that she 'd have to spend the entire voyage locked in the trunk .
he surely would n't expect her to stay in the trunk for days on end .
heavy trunks slid into her , jolting her awake as the train lurched to a stop .
grabbing her reticule tightly in her hand , she had an idea she was going to have to come out of the trunk ready to move .
the lid of her trunk popped open and tony hauled her out in one quick motion .
speaking in a low voice , drew instructed henri to open melanie 's door before getting the suitcase out of the trunk .
he opened the trunk of the rental car and dug through to find what he thought was inside .
damien emerged from the trunk , holding a wire hanger up over his head in triumph .
he rounded the trunk so swiftly , they reached the kitchen entry at the same time .
` ` open the trunk so i can get your spare , '' he said .
i reached for the button and the trunk sprung open with a pop .
i 'd always seen people rol ing tires around , but jared lifted it out of my trunk as if it were a grocery bag .
once he finished lowering the car , he lobbed the flattened tire into my trunk , fol owed by the jack and tire iron .
he slammed the trunk shut and then wiped the grease from his hands onto his jeans .
he nodded to jared , and then popped the trunk , pulling our bags from the back .
i know i should go haul my suitcases out of mel 's trunk but when he swings down , taking three steps at a time , and hits the pavement , i run .
it was n't big , but if she did put on a few pounds , it went straight in the trunk .
lexi had too much c-4 in the trunk not to worry .
she did n't dare risk taking the explosives out of her trunk for fear he 'd figure out what they were and ruin their plans .
unless they found the explosives hidden in her trunk .
and then she remembered the explosives in the trunk and all those feelings of safety and normalcy vanished .
if the kind of power that could do this much damage did n't bring this place down , the few bricks of c-4 in her trunk were n't going to even make a dent .
unfortunately , that was n't going to get her any closer to ' fessing up about the bomb in her trunk , so she kept her eyes on his chin , got clean and got out as fast as she could .
the c- 4 is in my trunk . ''
he 'd pop her in the trunk , then drive out the gates .
he 'd put her in the trunk .
` ` jodi is probably in the trunk , unprotected . ''
` ` jodi 's in the trunk .
` ` it went on through the trunk . ''
jake watched as ana opened the trunk of her car and revealed body armor and a handgun safe .
the driver nodded repeatedly at every question , then loaded her suitcase into his trunk , which he tied shut with a frayed rope .
with her left eye swollen shut and her cheek purple , his mother was loading a suitcase into the trunk , trying to move quickly .
` ` yeah , '' he said , slamming the trunk .
from the trunk , he 'd removed the tire iron .
and besides , my case will fit in the trunk . ''
a bullhorn was retrieved from the trunk ; gawkers were ordered to get back behind the wheel to vacate the area .
in the trunk , jeremy had all the necessary items for ghost hunting ( as disclosed in ghost busters for real ! , a book he 'd originally bought as a joke after an evening of cocktails ) .
jeremy stepped out of the car and stretched his legs before retrieving his camera from the trunk .
in the parking lot , as i tossed my gear in the trunk , i spotted on the back of his ancient ford escort a bumper sticker that told people to support our troops .
he opened the trunk and tried to force her in .
lissa , eddie , and i crawled into the trunk .
satisfied we were all snug , mikhail closed the trunk and darkness engulfed us .
the trunk popped open , and we spilled out of it .
i hope you 're going to tell me you were kidnapped yesterday and the fbi just freed you from your prison in the back some psycho fan 's trunk . ''
the driver began unpacking the luggage from the trunk and cole motioned her toward the pier that jutted over the water .
` ` i ' m strongly considering offing serena and stuffing her into the trunk of the cab .
i stood watching as my dad helped them load their luggage into the trunk and my mother hugged and talked to her sister .
get close enough to take the shot , then pitch the body in the trunk and ditch the rental car somewhere out on the property .
the trunk could barely close , the passenger seat was piled so high it would be impossible to see out the side window , and items had been stuffed in every nook and cranny .
he searched every inch of the rental car , working methodically through the glove compartment , the trunk , between the seats , the floor .
she saw a hulking shape materializing in that incredibly small space - as if it were coming through a door in the area between the cabin and the trunk .
` ` there 's more bags in the trunk , '' marlene said as they walked on into the kitchen .
cassie said something to lauryn as the women walked toward the trunk of cassie 's car and lauryn looked up at the cottage .
cassie hauled a number of shopping bags from the trunk and passed them to lauryn .
cassie gave her tote bag a final push to squeeze it into the trunk .
` ` three center drive , '' the taxi driver said and got out to unload their duffel bags from the trunk .
` ` i 'll get your things from the trunk while you unload the munchkin . ''
he lifted her small suitcase and duffel with a porta - crib out of the trunk .
the second patrolman told everybody to keep back ; he was wondering if he should put up some of those yellow crime scene tapes he had in the trunk of the patrol car .
` ` in the trunk , '' brown said .
she retrieved a bag from the trunk , leaving it open , then made her way up the steps to the wraparound porch .
i left the trunk open . ''
if i lived in such a place , i would have had thermal blankets , hats , an additional winter jacket , earmuffs , gloves , a shovel , a flashlight , hand warmers , and bottled water in the trunk of my car by halloween .
thus , my trunk is empty , but i ' m somewhat comforted by the fact that even if i had a portable hotel in my trunk , it would do me no good .
thus , my trunk is empty , but i ' m somewhat comforted by the fact that even if i had a portable hotel in my trunk , it would do me no good .
a taxi skidded to a stop next to us and a young man with curly black hair jumped out , grabbed our suitcases and threw them into the open trunk .
` ` lila , can you pop the trunk , please . ''
the trunk pops open and lila steps tentatively out of the car .
i rummage through the trunk for the bag holding all my toiletries .
i shift the bag onto my hip and feel around the dark trunk for my other bag .
dive into the trunk ?
i get my jacket out of the trunk and offer it to ella , knowing she 's cold because of the goosebumps on her arms and the way her nipples are poking through her shirt .
a group of men drinking beers out of a nearby car trunk hear us , so they raise their hands and yell ` ` ahhhhhhhhhh ! ''
cole opened the trunk and pulled out their bags .
she heard the trunk whir open and thump shut .
her aa meeting was in cardboard boxes in the trunk of her car .
he kissed charlotte briefly , before trailing after his brother to get the picnic basket in the trunk of his car .
when jason was opening the trunk of his car and removing his softball equipment , charlotte spoke .
` ` i have a roll of toilet paper in the trunk , though , if that will do . ''
diverted from my tears , i went to stand beside him as he popped the trunk , to see what else he had back there .
wyatt got the doughnuts and condensed milk from the backseat , then unlocked his trunk and took out a burlap bag with green strings hanging from it .
he closed the trunk , frowning at the burlap bag .
i tried to lift my suitcase from the trunk and found i had lost all muscle strength .
` ` i think the button for the trunk is ... '' ` ` right here , '' kim said , popping open the glove box and unlocking the trunk .
tony smiled as he walked around to the back and set her suitcase inside the ample trunk .
kim grabbed her suitcase out of the trunk and walked down the front walkway to the door .
i helped them pack the trunk of the charger , and then we waited for abby to finish her midterm and find us in the parking lot .
when the driver parked next to the curb in the terminal , i rushed to pull out my bag from the trunk .
` ` you look hot in that claire ; i think we can find one of these rich guys for you tonight ; just give that junk in the trunk an extra wiggle ! ''
god only knew what else shared the interior of the trunk with her .
she opened brandon 's trunk after deke checked the vehicle inside and out , then gave her an all - clear signal .
with a soft curse , he called her a cab as she grabbed her belongings from the trunk .
with no way to corroborate the egg 's authenticity at the moment , callie had left it in her backpack , shoved in the trunk of her car .
the emergency pack she 'd left chicago with all those years ago , along with a few other things to aid her disguise , was stowed in the trunk of her car .
as barry loaded her suitcase in the trunk , she scarfed down some more cake .
` ` i'l get your suitcase out of the trunk . ''
` ` especially if she has some junk in the trunk . ''
grant popped the trunk and grimaced at the sight of the jumper cables lying scattered across the back , along with a pair of grubby sneakers .
only two suitcases were able to be squeezed in the trunk of brenna 's car , so elise sat in the middle of the backseat , her legs tucked close , suitcase in her lap .
grant pushed his mother 's designer carry - on into the trunk of his audi .
declan pops the trunk and it opens electronically , a slow ascent that seems too measured .
chapter fourteen another valet , mike , removes my luggage from the trunk of my car and escorts me into the lobby .
instead , he realized he 'd left his laptop out in the trunk of the car .
after she 'd deposited her mother 's suitcase in the trunk of her ancient mercedes- which she knew for a fact brenda had bought for a song at some dismal used car lot- she watched her mother pull away from the town house .