shrewd as a timber rattlesnake , her dad rarely missed anything .
it was like setting a spark to carefully laid timber .
` ` he 's the guy from timbers .
the real estate , restaurant , oil , and timber magnate could n't go anywhere without being approached by business associates , wannabe business associates , the media , or critics .
along with his duties as the alpha prince of colorado , rafe was also the vice president of wolf springs timber , one of the largest privately owned logging companies in the world .
unlike his brother , he was a solid white timber wolf .
by his side was a large brown timber wolf .
one second bryani was standing in front of bride and in the next , the woman was a huge white timber wolf that bore a terrifying resemblance to her adopted pet .
bride half - expected to see a man on the bed and was a bit surprised to find a brown timber wolf there .
without a word , he headed straight for their bedroom to fall face - first atop the bed - his big body was like a tree gone timber .
` ` plenty of good timber in there , billy . ''
good - bye extraneous use of pretty glass and sweetly fragranced timber .
a city burned in front of him , huts crackling as timber fel and grass disintegrated .
after a few more breaths , the burning timber , with its homely smell of winter smoke , simmered my irritation down another notch .
` ` that there 's a timber rattler .
they tried and failed , and now i ' m nothing more than a liability - a spark in a bed of dried timber , waiting to unleash an inferno .
finally , we find the perfect tree and isaac quickly chops it down , yelling ` ` timber ! ''
verlaine knew more buildings used to burn down back in the days of dry timber and no fire departments , but twenty - five churches seemed ... extreme , even over a span of more than three centuries .
i ' m sure boyle can easily raise that much , what with political action committees and donations from the timber industry . ''
what would i look like with four legs and fur - would i be light - colored like katie , or a darker timber , like dev ?
in some cases , timber had sufficed , in others , he 'd had the men screw down iron plates .
bertie was alone in a cellar full of damp , rotted timbers , and the beady eyes of rats .
the long piece of timber he 'd had in his hand when i first glimpsed him through the window was now on the ground .
it was white timber above and local limestone below , with a slate roof , like all the outbuildings .
at the end of town , she turned onto an unpaved road flanked by stands of timber that grew taller and closer together the farther she went .
rounding a stand of timber , he saw misty trotting toward him , head lifted high to avoid stepping on the dangling reins .
to the right , a stand of tall timber covered several acres .
thick stands of timber grew along the roadside and lined the distant fields .
most of the herveaux land was left in timber for the pack hunts .
named for the redwoods that stood along its banks when this part of california was being settled , the big river played a role not only in the development of the land , but in the gold rush and the timber rush , the majestic giants being cut down for the great building expansion .
but this was the great wild north of california , and the timber that was milled back then was staggeringly huge .
i did n't know the details of the yorks ' business , but it had something to do with timber .
it also drifted the still lingering scent of melted plastic and burned timber toward us .
the fabric caught like bone - dry timber in a forest fire and immediately his study was blazing .
but the study of how man , whether ascended or not , always turned a form of spiritual enlightenment into the timber and plaster framework of communal worship was still not what drew her to service and devotion .
the fabric of her community , of her family , was fraying faster than the fire ate up the tiny pile of timber .
coming to a halt , he signaled her to stay low and to scoot back into the heavier timber and brush behind them .
jack reloaded as he ran , keeping to the heavier foliage as he swept the region for any sign of the enemy , protecting ken as he zigzagged his way through the heavy timber and brush to reach the fallen enemy .
he doused the walls of the cabin as quickly as possible , soaking the dry timber with gas .
tables lined the great hall and timber filled the hearths , which would keep the hall warm for hours .
` ` lincoln timber ? ''
` ` ros , how much stock do we own in lincoln timber ? ''
the garrison at cape armasin is disassembled for timber .
it was a crude affair of unbarked logs and rough timber , and from the holes and gouges round its nails , had been disassembled and moved several times .
the site was elevated but the ground there fairly level , and thanks to bobby higgins 's industry , it had been cleared of trees , timber for the framing of the house laid in stacks , and an amazing quantity of large stones lugged uphill and piled , ready to be used for the foundation .
after a bit , we walked hand in hand to the biggest pile of barked timber and sat down .
she saw they had come off the fast road now and were travelling through a shanty town , studded with warehouses full of steel girders and timber .
then , as ever , greed did what curiosity could not : the discovery of lucrative timber forests up and down our volcanic hills , and the vast beds of oysters below did for the bay 's solitude .
i was at the furthest end of the corridor , the furthermost point of the building , if you like , with nothing but glass and timber between the ocean and me .
lost most of his hair , and one of the swat goons was wounded in the ass by a flying chunk of timber .
of real earth timber , it occupied almost a quarter of the office with stolid black mastery .
* * * the friends had fashioned a coffin of sorts out of the best pieces of timber they could find and pete now rested in the cargo bay of the ship .
they had the appearance of large timber wolves with reddish eyes that seemed to bore right through him .
iridium was an astonishing canine robot the size of a timber wolf with a lustrous , flowing coat that constantly shifted color under the workshop lights .
a mass of timber , canvas , and rope filled his view , further displaying the prosperity of the city .
how fortunate that he d already done so , and that the timbers army have helped to popularize it .
heavier timbers felled or crushed many .
sye reluctantly gave magist the conveniently crutch shaped piece of timber pird had found for him earlier .
the brain drain , monopolies on information technology , multinational investment strategies in the third world , and the transformation of limited third world farmland into luxury crops like tea , rubber , coffee , cotton , sugar , tobacco , spices , and fast - growing timber forests all depleted the third world of badly needed labour , technology , and resources for their own development .
furniture consisted of assorted cabinets and pieces of timber , all of which had come from curbside throwouts .
yesterday , a dozen people went to disassemble and bring back sturdy timbers from a barn a few miles away .
the fuel - infused timber instantly ignited .
giving up reminded her of taking too many sleeping pills ; she simply sighed and acquiesced to the drifta long , semi - conscious netherworld of autumn and oregon timber lakes .
plenty of fuelif the orange stuff burned , that wasand plenty of timber , even rocks for building .
it 's a waste of good timber as things stand now , if you ask me . ''
i m a long time business acquaintance of your father and i m very interested in acquiring the goth property and its timber .
millions of board - feet of virgin timber , and it would soon be his !
if you come up with something that helps me get that timber , you ll be richly rewarded .
tonight , or tomorrow morning at the latest , well be cutting goth timber .
when smeker returned with two dwarves carrying a seven - foot piece of timber , cheering erupted .
the envoy spoke up , saying , ` ` those of the east have little timber for building , but if we supply them with timber for building , it could also be used for the building of their ships of war . ''
the envoy spoke up , saying , ` ` those of the east have little timber for building , but if we supply them with timber for building , it could also be used for the building of their ships of war . ''
the scarlet king only partially listened to the discussion ; when he had his thoughts finally organized , he said , ` ` the kingdom of the red is rich in grain and timber but we have little copper or iron .
those of the red would seem most interested in trading for the iron and brass you produce , and have available much timber and grain in addition to their royal spring for trading . ''
the conversation turned to potential trade and one of the elders spoke up , saying , we have not the timber to fully restore the ships .
i would we could trade with those of the forest for such timber .
choosing a large timber for cover , rowatan kept silent and notched his bow with a feather fly as he checked the direction of the wind .
on the other hand , if they left him in the timber deemed a burden , then no ones looking for him and well keep the get alongs .
glossary arcadian main characters and terminology planet arcadia original homeworld of the gods planet earth where the arcadians became stranded skyship arcadian fleet ( 12 ) hovering above earth royal skyship skyship where current king resides king hedron council leader ; father of caliban the council of twelve arcadians ruling body lord malik former king and council leader queen amethyst wife of hedron ; mother of caliban lord janus member of the council ; father of amethyst gaelin minister prime ; second under king hedron the healers arcadian medical caste valen healer to the royal family the first order - arcadian religious caste ayron prophet of the first order earthspeak language of the earthers katchawans human tribe below skyship arcadia lord damon council member and maliks cohort enclave of the first order residence of the religious caste ancient staff carried by ayron , the prophet rod of truth another name for the ancient staff law of sanctuary given by the brothers of the first order the one who created all the arcadians deity ( god ) right of challenge to challenge ones authority to the death sacred chamber exclusive meeting place in the enclave keeper of the ancient texts one of ayrons many roles sword of youth play sword used by arcadian children the guardians protectors of the arcadian royal family livers of arcadia those who reside on skyship arcadia clipper smaller transport mainly used by the guardians transport larger transport mainly used for crop collection transport master oversees operations of the transports whisper mode transports made invisible to everyone lady ariana wife of lord janus ; mother of amethyst brother tieran brother of the first order ; witness brother malicai brother of the first order ; witness collectors those who gather crops in transports ( unseen ) the black guard maliks own personal security forces the great hall ceremonial meeting hall ( skyship arcadia ) sleeper a deadly handheld weapon used by the arcadians enok a wolf - like creature once existing on arcadia roundtable where the council of twelve convenes queen morgana wife of king janus phaelon abductor of young prince caliban mordan abductor of young prince caliban tarrek abductor of young prince caliban fallon son of malik ; lord of skyship celestia saliya hedrons attendant ; administers poison to end ones days to kill another one height the height of a man ( 6 ) coin of the realm arcadian money skyship arcadia king hedrons skyship skyship orion lord januss skyship skyship celestia lord maliks skyship skyship pertheon lord damons skyship earth - hour one hour one passing one day one night one night earth - cycle one year one century one century numerology remains the same one moons passing one month morn / morning interchangeable katchawan main characters and terminology wildern overhang the forest on earth bow and feather fly a bow and arrow chieftain ruler of any tribe on the surface rowatan chieftain of the katchawan tribe zander ( the sayer ) spiritual leader of tribe keeper of peace role of chieftain or sayer protectors those in the tribe who fight watchers look after the tribe at night deerden a deer or herd of deer wolvern the wolves bearen a bear timber a tree warmer a fire darkfall night time younger a child within the tribe grown one and adult within the tribe the get alongs to have good relations in a bad way bad relations with the others come to the decision to make a choice water hold a container for carrying water fishers those in the tribe who primarily fish hunters those in the tribe who primarily hunt plainers those in the tribe who tend to the crops give the speak to talk in the earther language broke one who has an injury flush one who has recovered lifeblood blood ; seen when injured in the sleep nighttime , to go to sleep on the hide to hide ; to avoid skins animal hides used as clothing and bedding the promise to bind one to marriage until passing wearings clothing made from hides of deerdan leggings pants made from the hides of deerdan mocsins footwear made from the hides of deerdan topper a shirt made of cloth by the herders sharper course stone used to sharpen weapons cutter a belt knife made of animal bone sword proper name as told to caleb by gaelin bringer a parent or those who came before bringers of bringers the ancient katchawan emah respectful name for mother ( familiar ) epah respectful name for father ( familiar ) wander member of tribe leaves to prove his worth healings natural remedies used by the katchawan katchawan tribe that adopts young prince caliban northers tribe bordering katchawans to the north herders tribe bordering katchawans to the west chicagons tribe bordering katchawans to the south the others tribes in the vicinity of the katchawan those beyond tribes distant to the katchawan the great waters lake on which the katchawan live neyah ( the wise one ) widow who adopts young caliban the outlands forbidden ruins of the ancient cities of earth those above the arcadians in their skyships ( the gods ) those below all humans living on the surface of earth the give back to express or give kindness as given in the rights to do the right thing ; proper decorum day of penance when crops are collected by the gods domos katchawan homes made of wood and mortar center of all community domus where zander lives to ring the bell request sayer in the center of all janaiya - ( one who smiles ) daughter of rowatan ephron one of the protectors of the katchawan elayna ephrons promised one ; his wife zackaria son of ephron and elayna sorrys to apologize to another worries to be concerned have the feelings to care for another on the look to be aware of possible danger give the welcome to be accepted into the tribe of the age fifteen cycles ; from younger to adult end of days when one dies ; passes away or is killed share the meal invite others to eat with you in domo troubles of living the earthers struggle to survive ariel one of the youngers who fought caleb in his youth joseph one of the youngers who fought caleb in his youth connor one of the youngers who fought caleb in his youth ender of wolvern a title given to extremely gifted hunters caverns ancient where the ancient earthers first retreated caleb ( prince caliban ) known as the lost one among tribe times of planting spring the warm passings - summer the cold passings winter timberfall fall from the author thank you for your purchase of the legend of caliban ( part 1 ) fall from grace .
she pushed off with the fist and her feet and stove the raggedly pointed end of the baulk of timber into their inflatable so hard that it came out the other end of the dinghy , which immediately gave up the ghost with a terrifying whoosh !
the sound of crushing timber boomed around them as cracks splintered down the gate , veining to its sides before the ancient wood gave way , crumbling down .
the plant is used a source of green food , clothing , timber .. juggernaut miniseries manik , geko : trooper ( second class ) of maluka .
there is a quotation in the text , out of the crooked timber of humanity , for which i did not want to give the source at that point .
the full quote is ` ` out of the crooked timber of humanity , no straight thing was ever made . ''
as always when one is dealing with the crooked timber of humanity , there were a few contrarians , the congenitally stubborn , who looked on with increasingly dismay as the world they knew was transformed seemingly overnight .
a heavy blast came from the left , slamming into the piano , sending shrapnel of wire and timber flying in all directions .
the buildings were badly made from scrap metal and bits of rough - hewn timber .
there s plenty of large timber in the forest , also sand and stone along the river .
jesus says , ' camillo needs to be self - sufficient for most things : energy , timber , stone and food .
it is all timber and planks and lumber .
the timber construct of the mill was moist and thriving in damp mold .
there was carved timber , weaponry , wrought iron , and all sorts of things for sale .
the sides were rough , and the bottom was littered with long yellow curls of timber shavings .
on the way she passed a half finished mallet lying in the path and another pile of timber , stripped of bark but not yet starting to take shape .
` ` timber 's such a horrible medium , '' he said .
` ` who 'd want to make anything from timber ? ''
must be all the timber , i reckon . ''
as he spoke , he watched the circular pieces of timber that the wagon moved on .
tuki was going to continue explaining the meaning of his tattoos but asked about the circular timber instead .
on either side of the street a line of rubble , both timber and stone , had taken the place of the buildings .
a timber - mill and a number of farms dot the surrounding countryside .
old timber had grown up around it , and was manicured into an idyllic forest of rolling , grass - green hummocks and beautiful , shapely trees wreathed in ivy and autumn leaves .
key log : a truly ancient concept from the days before suspensors when lumbermen sent their fallen timber rushing down rivers to central mill sites .
he was looking for grooves or notches that would help him determine where timbers had been used .
most were dirt , many were forgotten , and almost all of the forgotten ones * wound through deep tangles of second - growth forest owned by diamond match , continental paper company , and american timber .
iskierka was doing the hunting , to the satisfaction of all except the smaller creatures of the forest , who fled out into the open with the panicked deer when she belched a roaring tongue of flame over the timber : mice and rabbits and sparrows , and a few poachers from the village fleeing with their snares .
` ` they will patch it , with some timber and oakum , i believe ; or perhaps with something else , it makes not a particle of difference .
there was a longwing near - by , and it had come and taken away three prime pieces of timber .
they came ashore meaning only to take some necessary material for their ship 's repair , from what they must have supposed to be a stand of unused timber . ''
kaneko added , ` ` and your party have not only stolen timber from our shores , but attacked him : so pronounced an insult can not be anything but deliberate . ''
there 's not quite so much call for heavy - weights in shipping , as the cost of your feed is difficult to make back ; but there is a particularly fine timber , on the west coast , which i have been thinking might make it profitable to get a big fellow aboard . ''
but what i mean to say is , not a scrap of sail or bit of timber do we have to show for any ship we have lost : we only know they are lost because they left the one port and never came in at any other , and after we had sat hoping after them a couple of years it was time to leave off saying , ' she will come in tomorrow . '
the ranks of infantry stood arrayed now behind the heavy fences , deployed into broad lines , and great batteries of artillery stood upon raised ground behind them , with several redoubts piled up ; their felling of trees had removed the few obstacles which remained to their clear prospect in every direction , while the russians had been obliged to take up positions crowded up against a heavy stand of timber to the north and with marshy ground not distant from their rear .
flames had spread from the flying timber .
down by the lake , the royal barge was a smoldering ruin of broken timber .
` ` freed from some ancient timbers of marco 's original galleys found among the indonesian islands .
after their trucks passed through the mouth of the tunnel , the gypsies closed off the exit road behind them , blocking the way with a pair of logging trucks , heavy with timber .
something far off in the bowels of the yacht groaned like they were on an ancient sailing ship made from timber and tar .
fragments of timber and ivy whistled in all directions , clattering against the trunks of trees and slashing through the undergrowth .
that glimpse , and then the sprawl of albumuth boulevard , half staid brick , half lacquered timber ?
stockton had been nestled comfortably on its eastern flank for centuries , feeding off of the timber , the sap , the animals that took shelter there .
they 'll rush forward in a mass carrying timbers with them to repair the bridges .
lulled into a sense of security by the lack of any opposition to their bridge - building operations , the murgos , as i 'd predicted , rushed whole regiments carrying timbers to the east bank of the fourth river .
a sea - faring nation such as cherek always needs more timber than even the most industrious peasantry can provide .
i 'll come back after i drop you off in matherion , and we 'll tow them to the timber market in etalon - or maybe even back to matherion itself .
once , for example , durnik took out the wagon to bring in more timbers ; as soon as he was out of sight , belgarath tossed aside the adze with which he had been laboriously squaring off a beam , looked gravely at errand , and reached inside his jerkin for the earthenware jar of ale he had filched from polgara 's stores .
` ` immediately upon the return of the several hundred men i dispatched to procure timbers from the forest lying some leagues to the north , i shall begin the construction of siege engines . ''
is there any stout timber in the vicinity ? ''
when you recover , encourage them in that belief , because the next time this happens , i 'll have made arrangements to have the necessary timber on hand .
he had settled shae in a sprawling stone - and - timber manse , with its own well and stable and garden ; he had given her servants to see to her wants , a white bird from the summer isles to keep her company , silks and silver and gemstones to adorn her , guards to protect her .
when he was a boy it had been timber and wattle , but robert baratheon had razed that structure to the ground .
he saw no siege towers rumbling up the kingsroad , but there was timber enough in the wolfswood to build as many as were required .
men carried timber through the streets , and quarrymen drove their wagons down muddy lanes .
maester gulian consulted a map and announced that these hills were held by the brothers wode , a pair of landed knights sworn to harrenhal ... but their halls had been earth and timber , and only blackened beams remained of them .
the slavers burned every stand of timber within twenty leagues of here . ''
the thatch and timber had been consumed by fire , in whole or in part , and under the shattered panes of the glass garden the fruits and vegetables that would have fed the castle during the winter were dead and black and frozen .
stone and timber were plentiful with the wolfswood so close at hand .
i remembered the boats this guy flick made out of timber and scrap , and the time he took me fishing and i hooked my first trout : the blush pink of its belly and how good it tasted , like nothing i 'd ever eaten before .
his father mumbled , shaking his head in puzzlement at a pile of off - cut timber .
he thinks he can see where his memory tells him it should be , but amongst all the ash and burnt timber and blasted concrete , it could also just be his imagination trying to make it be there .
though the near bank had been stripped of its timber , thick cottonwoods still held the far bank , fighting against autumn for temporary possession of their greenery .
he remembered the strategic location , ample game , and timber .
the years of abandonment had worn on the structure , but most of the timber remained solid .
` ` there 's plenty of timber along the river . ''
lyssa stood under the tree and looked at the darkened timber .
the man to tobys left , gently tugged on his arm and they began to walk towards the thick timber .
he replied before turning into the dark timber .
a few limbs snapped , fell to the ground as deravon and eli scattered through the timber .
rotten timber and rock - slides barricaded most of the routes leaving only two operable railways .
flopping down on the ground in the clearing , he rested , relishing the pleasure of being surrounded by his own things : the remains of the felled tree , rough - cut timber , his bivouac , blankets , flasks , and provisions .
polishing and polishing until the timber began to shine , took on a mellow , burnished sheen .
her eyes light up like a neon sign , sending the flaming piece of timber flying into the wall in the opposite direction .
albert built the furniture with timber from our own woods .
remember , he only agreed to come to the new world ( again that phrase ) after the purchase of the timber enterprise .
what had once been a house was now a mound of timber and glass .
it was a vast warehouse of part cut timber , nails , screws and tie - wraps .
vibrant shops and businesses were now vacant buildings of rotting timber and entire neighborhoods were replaced with the ragged tent camps of the homeless .
and there are no skraelings in the place where we go to harvest timber .
so we cut the timber as fast as we can and then retreat to leifs booths .
before my ship got blown back to iceland and i came home with a wife instead of the timber i d gone to harvest .
they all craned their necks to see the four - story stone and timber lodge nestled among tall , snow - covered pines .
like how i can remember the cold wood of that bathroom door on my cheek , the timber smell .
timber timber they heard the creepy voices again .
not timber ?
i could have a timber shaped for that in a few hours with - galeron shook his head .
making furniture , running my hands over freshly sanded timber , working hard but enjoying every minute .
he smelled wonderful , like a combination of freshly sanded timber and oil .
henri had constructed a strong - looking desk out of the pale orange - colored timber of his hometown .
she closed the lid and ran her hand over the emblem on the front , tracing each individual circle of timber with her finger .
adding sharper angles , refining and defining the shape i was trying to bring forth from the timber .
we all saw it hurling down like giant timber , pale one , hungry one , and i .
aran even managed to begin several new projects including bringing back timber from a neighboring island that he chopped up into firewood that would be necessary for the winter .
get the timber from sculpture and do it yourself .
he needs some timber , walter intervened , wanting to be done with the affair and get back upstairs to his painting .
oh , about a hundred and twenty five feet of timber .
encouraged to accept a drink or two , the old man was talking ten to the dozen of timber hitches and rolling hitches and single matthew walkers .
my comfone sounds just like ranns baritone timber when i giggle .
alexandra , who would have been quite comfortable in a face - to - face confrontation with a giant timber wolf , was completely out of her element .
` ` i believe you were negotiating a trade agreement for timber with my father .
but it was too late ; thale dropped the burning length of timber by his feet .
wreckage blocked the road leading back to the monastery , while fallen timber clogged the path forward .
their close proximity to haed forest makes this region responsible for getting timber , fur and meat from the woods .
not only these , but also the timber for the barracks , weaponry and the food for the kitchen .
wagon builders liked it for making high mileage wheel rims and others used it for fence posts , railroad ties , mine timbers , and more .
so we strip back the forest , sell the timber ( it would be a waste not to ) , cut away the top soil which we store .
there were bauxite barges and the great river tugs dragging impossibly large teardrops of timber .
to these great timbers , he added carefully chosen woods such as birch , elm , rowan , hazel , apple , alder , ash , yew , cedar and oak .
this timber was untreated , and over the years became so brittle that it was equivalent to dry brush .
fluky had suggested the perfectly workable idea of burning the dry timber that constituted the venerable buildings of old pottersville until we reached the high timber of the mountains .
have you ever heard of the timber industry ?
he looked like he was in a diy store , weighing up what timber to buy for an extension .
that is to say that white people do occasionally pass through prospecting , surveying , seeking particular stands of timber even just adventuring .
her preference , she said , was for fire and the stack of termite - ridden timber under the poinciana would be perfect for that with alf calettis permission , of course .
i want you to take some of that old timber from under the poinciana and make a stack in the back yard .
if i can use some of that old timber from under the poinicana ?
we moved the timber .
uh - huh , well i m grateful for your help with the timber .
then darryl turned around and called , get some petrol on that timber , boys !
it was to put up a wall around the town ( metaphorically speaking ) ; to maintain a small town integrity that said no to big conglomerate chains and foreign investors who wanted to replace our cane paddocks with timber plantations and our local chicken bar with kfcs .
i ve got timber to shift for a funeral pyre .
kevin was using a long - handled rake to drag smouldering bits of timber into the remaining pool of flame .
a mound or knob rose above the pasture , scrubby rock land , eroded , stripped of its timber decades back and now supporting only cedars , stunted oaks and boulder outcrops , certainly no view to spend eternity contemplating .
the timber that was supposed to be delivered yesterday still had not arrived .
he had until solstice end to make a payment on the loan that he had convinced eltoth to give him , but if he did n't get the timber today he was n't sure how he would meet the deadline .
' he ca n't deliver the timber .
what use do they have for timber ? '
the man is tall like timber tall .
there was a good stand of timber on it that could be worth quite a bit .
i thought it was a good idea but with everybody cutting down all the timber and clearing the land , it would be difficult to have enough deer to do it .
george wanted to know when the last time the land had been fertilized and the last time the flooded area had been harvested for timber .
queenslander style of homes of timber set onto stumps with a galvanised roof , verandas along three sides , and room for a garden with a big tree somewhere .
a must when in luang prebang he said , even if its just to visit this magnificent structure of timber which had been preserved by the one of the invaders .
the boat was of planked timber , joining with a river wild of floating logs and debris , and the boat guided by the boat master at the rear hanging onto a loud four - cylinder petrol engine with an extended shaft and propeller ; while on the bow of the boat , perched a river man signalling to the driver to guide the craft between floating logs and debris , as it was doing 30 to 40 knots .
a country sandwiched between the continents of india and bangladesh , the himalayas , china to its north , laos and thailand to its east , a country rich in natural resources now being exploited including natural gas , timber , rice and rubies , and its monetary wealth , held by so few .
the original forest cover had been ravaged for timber logs so it seemed logical to remove what vegetation remained for palm oil , but endemic plants unknown to mankind , possibly lost , and habitat for fauna , including the orang - utan , gone forever .
places of timber and teak , of time or fire , earthquake or pillaging either becoming their enemy .
he surveyed the scene : the burning remains of his car ; the flatbed truck packed high with logging timber ; the inconsolable trucker ; the soft , floating snow that enveloped it all .
he wandered the grounds of timber bay cabins and lodge with a black nikon f90 hung from a strap around his neck , shooting birds nests and squirrels and distant deer and misty sunsets over lake superior .
adam grew up at timber bay , and he knew the surrounding forest well .
when not at school , he spent his days venturing deep into the woods that surrounded timber bay .
the southernmost cabin , heron cottage , was her familys home , and the only accommodation at timber bay with permanent residents .
the sleek , black camera that sat on his bedside table was once again slung around his neck as he trekked across the grounds at timber bay .
by the time adam died , his father had lost all interest in timber bay , and the property he had run with his wife for thirty years was near foreclosure .
adam stayed at timber bay that summer with his father and sister .
combined with timber from the vast swaths of towering douglas fir trees , wealth had gathered in the three principal cities of portland , salem and eugene .
the smell of freshly - cut timber and wood - smoke floated towards me from another industrial unit behind this one , then the sudden whir and grind of a sawmill erupted into the air .
when the first small boat arrived at the scene , there was nothing left of the launch or its passengers , except a few pieces of floating timber , and a huge pall of smoke .
the manifest said they were carrying only timber and molasses .
i was left to listen to the heavy , dull thud of wet timber falling as the fire crew brought down the last of hammonds house .
` ` i do n't work at timber bluffs anymore . ''
if the person we 're looking for is at timber bluffs then she 's there against her will and the management of the nursing home is not going to cooperate with us in finding her . ''
do you think there is any chance melba thorn could be at timber bluffs ? ''
he mentioned that it was a steal for him to spend only $ 2,000 a day on labor to collect the deadfall timber which he burned in his hearth - a hearth which looked large enough to accommodate a battleship .
the supplies can be unloaded , the truck can make several trips to pick up all the free timber , and in two weeks two cozy cottages can be built .
they needed a new saw to cut timber .
the timber acquired was utilized to build a shed , a makeshift hq .
x x x the cluster of jacalsa meagre shelter of dried brush and timber , signified the presence of apache.loco chita and his men sat in council under one such shelter on the slopes of the sierra madre .
pruett took the papers , envelopes , maps , and small ledger and drove not toward his own home but toward timber lake and the townsley cabin .
chapter twenty - three ben studied the old timber home .
the giant looked around , found a large piece of timber and tossed it after the youth .
the tree was no match for the land cruiser and timber splintered as the vehicle ground to a halt with the front end riding up over the remains of the trunk and the back sunk deeply into the sand .
the trailer was well supplied with spars of timber and they must have fire .
there was dry timber where they had ripped out or maimed the few trees that struggled to grow .
jill checked the timber that each of the others had selected .
he s not a dog ; he s a grey timber wolf .
a timber wolf has one of the strongest bites in the animal kingdom .
with luck , the boat could drift far enough to enter the ouse estuary , maybe even be swept through to the baltic timber wharves up river , as far as kings lynn itself .
somewhere further out on the open water , a long sonorous blast of a ship 's horn , a russian timber ship , announced its presence to other vessels as it waited patiently for enough depth of water to rise in the kings lynn channel for it to come into port and unload its cargo .
hope it makes her feel better , as voice came out dead as timber and reflected the emotional investment he had shown for her the last year , at least according to b .
sawmill timber , you mean ?
the flat rounded bow of the issaquahs car deck acted like a shovel spade , tearing through the support pilings under the dock and tossing timber crossbeams and road fragments high into the air .
the timber yard would be empty .
their government self - serving attitude to de - afforestation of rainforest timbers , whaling and wildlife outside of their own country was hypocritical , but if their press and government could help her cause , she would use them .
he waited for the timber to bleed red sap , but there was none , it was dry .
she pointed out the features such as the timber grain to compare , then said , i will send the samples off for more advice or tests but i think it is highly likely that our man was hit hard by a broken branch or similar piece of wood to the side of the head .
scaffolding and timber support work had been constructed around buildings .
some mob members had produced lengths of timber and began smashing onto the bodywork of the car and at the windows .
the timber polished from hours and hours of rubbing with coconut shell .
` ` the boys , '' merry gay 's brothers , both over twenty but under thirty , would always be boys as long as they drank and felt sorry for themselves and begrudged the shirleys taking over the timber business in and around moniac crossing .
at a crossing they had to wait for a timber train to pass , the bright toot and whistle , long flat cars loaded with stacked logs snaked out of the woods to the tramcars by oxen and mules .
they came upon a massive timber car so high above the tram rails that merry gay had to sit on her daddy 's shoulders to see inside - tree bark and pine straw .
was n't for y' all the big timber companies would have taken over away back . ''
we 'll both have to step down , generally speaking , then the big timber companies will take over here unless you ? ''
and y' all want me to take over the land and turpentine timber , mollycoddling a bunch of drunks with better sense than to wade out in a hammock of moccasins ?
morgan , i m jake timber .
back off , timber .
there are plans for you as well as timber .
a hundred metres along , the road widened into an area of tarmac upon which sat a series of detached double garages in pale timber .
as they drew nearer , mcbride could see that there was a central building with lights showing in the windows , and lights on external brackets , lighting up what looked like yards with low barns , made of rough timber surrounding the enclaves .
not the smell of cigarette smoke , but rather the smell of burning paint and timber .
the covered walkway stopped without any sign of the timber wolf air terminal so reid pulled his jacket collar up and strolled on until he came to a second sign and arrow pointing towards a hanger with a small floatplane parked on the apron in front .
` ` timber wolf air has withdrawn from servicing the commune .
the words timber wolf air could be seen written along the fuselage and the stylized wolf on the tail almost grinned at them .
the third , flying slightly above and behind the military craft supported the now familiar timber wolf on its tail .
* as the timber wolf air amphibian was loaded with the bulk of the supplies , it was guided into the jetty while the two canadian armed forces cl-215s anchored off shore .
` ` you 're clear for take off , timber wolf air beaver , '' the anonymous voice crackled but then added a personal comment . ` `
sure , he 'd done an excellent job as secretary for timber wolf air and had , in fact , been the one responsible for obtaining the san juan islands ' contract over two seattle firms .
as billy slows and lets his idling engine drag the vauxhall up to the entrance to the byre , he sees , through the thickening foliage of ancient rhododendrons , snatches of the good life ; brick and timber , dark wooden frames around the windows , which are georgian in style with multi - paned panels of glass .
the colour was not that of real timber , but rather an artificial colour designed to deceive the sitter that it was pine or some other high quality material .
it may be true that i needed some kind of a crutch , but higher we did not just hand it out to me indiscriminately : if i may be allowed to extend my analogy , i consider that higher we provided me with the timber and the nails and a book on practical carpentry , and so gave me the tools to build my own crutch for myself .
the interior was dominated by heavy , honey colored timber .
i am starting to worry that he dropped it into a saw at the timber mill or something . ''
about an hour ago , i reached some new person at the timber mill office , thompson i think he said his name was .
worse , he s a timber baron wiping out every spotted owl in the state .
several large timber companies own this property and they plant those hybrid trees as crops .
matt and his timber crews can tell you about some weird stuff .
timber is a good investment and georgia is one of the nations top producers of pine .
were those deer out looking for a new home because the timber barons are destroying their habitat ?
your dad left the property and the timber mill to matt when he died ?
the farmers have to eat too even when the timber companies chase them off the land .
raising timber in georgia is a type of farming .
he ca nt keep up with the demand for rough cut timber otherwise .
he and matt are working timber leases together .
his clothes smelled pleasantly of pinesap , timber chips , and sawdust , which was nothing matts house , was nt used to .
the last time we talked , he was at my timber office and was supposed to stop by again the next day to finish some paperwork .
matt and i had to get a court order to hold up the pary company from closing the gates on the dam until we can cut the timber .
when my daddy died , i got out of the air force because he d left me about 600 acres of timber but no money .
first i went job hunting and matt hired me on the spot , said he knew my daddy and had bought some timber from him over the years .
we ' ve got until late november to get the timber cut matt told me a little about some of that , blake .
there s something new about the timber deal i have nt told you yet .
not many people know it but i own half of matts timber mill and i have the papers to prove it .
pulling through the gated fence of the veal timber mill , chuck saw three huge machines , forklifts , moving and feeding precut logs to the racks and saws .
holding the rag to his face , chuck stepped to the window beside blake and watched a dozen men ; all seedy looking and well muscled from the harsh work of a timber mill .
both men had grown up around the rough and tumble life of timber mills .
i have a copy of his will and just in case you are wondering , i get everything including the mill , timber property , and outhouse .
i do nt think he d be working for a timber mill if he was into that .
walt waved a hand in the air and said , i ve already told him on the phone matt was out of town on business ... some timber deal or other .
i have received a copy of the release letter from the veal timber mill .
blake pointed at the tree line , were cruising timber .
the cemetery and the timber war could be distractions but not the cause of why matt is nt here right now .
i thought they had to wait until december 1st so the timber could be logged out from up stream .
the people who were going to cut the timber released the property .
kill your brother and according to what you told thompson at the mill this morning , you get the timber business all to yourself and squires gets the half million dollars these trees will bring .
chuck said , matt is a man of his word and if he gave blake his word to form the partnership on this timber project then he would never back out .
some of the answers , i think , are hidden right there at the timber mill .
i need a restraining order on the beaver run creek project so i can protect the timber for you and matt .
you ai nt been around a timber mill much , have you , maam ?
if he s hidden it in the sawdust pile then we ve got a good starting point to find out what s happened to matt and prove blakes rights to the timber .
he s my brother who s missing , he owns veal timber company .
matts timber business , right now there s some jerk running the place that should nt be there .
we ve got to figure a way to stop pary from closing the gates until the timber can be cut .
* * * as jacobs was pulling away from the timber mill yard , blake scanned the area one last time looking for any remaining signs they had been there .
it covers the timber tract above beaver dam , the estimated board feet , and the attached court order holding up the gates until the last day of november .
he dialed a number and waited until a deep voice answered , timber mill , squires speaking .
max pary is running around saying that blake squires is the man who killed matt just so he could lay claim to the money for the timber .
thompson motioned left with the barrel of jacob 's pistol and snapped , head for the veal timber mill .
would you rather i took a job at one of the timber mills as a lumber stacker or something ?
the timber looked a little better than his had been .
57 the deer trestle was a big thing , built in an old - fashioned a - frame style from solid timbers .
its timbers were mature , seasoned , and solid .
the buildings had a lot of timber in them , and the wind did the rest .
he said , ' this is a map showing the total agricultural and livestock resources of britain and eire , leaving out grassland and timber .
they were big old - fashioned timber things .
they ' ve stepped up purchases of oranges and timber , to make things look better .
the whole place was solidly built out of good timber .
the best construction timber in history , dried like iron over a century .
he expanded the company to include timber , chemicals , communications , electronics , and a staggering amount of real estate .
they came to work the mines and cut timber and fish the seas .
the subdivision then was one of the newer developments , the street now evolved into a pleasant nook under a canopy of quarter - century timber .
the one - story building was formed from old timber and aging plaster , chapaev 's the last of several chalets that straggled from kehlheim on a wooded lane .
the and # 8226 ; sumava region of southwest czech was an important timber source , but the lorings had never needed to market their lumber .
big companies in energy , insurance , pharmaceuticals , chemicals , timber , all types of manufacturers , plus doctors , hospitals , nursing homes , banks .
they were too busy fighting timber interests and ruthless farmers , etc .
now married to a man who made a fortune in timber .
played one year at a juco then quit to cut timber for the rest of his life . ''
the price of timber shot up in the summer of 76 , and all the loggers quit .
scotty 's family had some money , from timber .
he picked night binoculars from his gun belt , snapped them over his eyes , and examined the row of timber .
asgar gave an order , and the vehicles rolled off into a stand of timber .
it was a single - pen cabin , nothing but local timber from the ridgepole on top to the butting pole down below .
six specialized in areas such as steel and pig iron , tropical oils , timber , vegetables and liquid oils , fertilizer .
mogilovich promptly engineered vm 's dominance to become russia 's largest and most lucrative pulp and timber company .
` ` he just happened to be the head of rab 's loan division to the timber industry . ''
they bore down nearly two hundred feet and found layers of charcoal , timber , coconut fibers , flagstones , and clay .
houses were dismantled timber by timber , the hinges , door handles , nails , bricks , mortar , and cement all reused .
houses were dismantled timber by timber , the hinges , door handles , nails , bricks , mortar , and cement all reused .
nothing was harvested on the island except timber and lots of corn for illegal whiskey .
rudolph married a local whore and began cutting timber .
since timber was in great demand after the war , he became prosperous .
by then an entire clan of padgitts inhabited the island , and were quite proficient at milling timber and producing illegal whiskey .
they said they were loggers , and it was well known that they produced timber and were prosperous at it .
selling only timber was dull , and subject to too many market factors , and , most important , did not generate the piles of cash the family expected .
the uncle sold timber to the padgitts many years ago .
he had finished high school with good grades , he worked long hours in the family 's timber business , he dreamed of one day running his own company .
they grew their crops and smuggled them off the island in planes , boats , pickups , and flatbed trucks ostensibly loaded with timber .
he was desperately needed back home , where the family had interests in timber , gravel , asphalt , trucking , contracting , and freight .
it retailed office supplies , cut timber , made thousands of consumer products , sold insurance , drilled for natural gas , shipped containerized cargo , mined copper , and among many other ventures , built nuclear submarines .
` ` of the crooked timber of humanity , nothing straight was ever made . ''
` ` the crooked timber of humanity it always comes down to the crooked timber .
` ` the crooked timber of humanity it always comes down to the crooked timber .
as i say , it always comes down to the crooked timber of humanity . ''
she recalled bartlett 's words about the ` ` crooked timber of humanity . ''
the three - room cabin was built with stout timber , nestled in the woods off the main highway , about two thousand meters above sea level .
the lane climbed a quarter mile into the trees where it ended at a single - storied cabin , fashioned of rough - hewn timber planks .
it was a narrow country road , domesticated with ranch fencing in rough timber and tamed with mowed shoulders and specimen plantings .
he swung the taurus in and parked next to a timber store in back .
there was a notice claiming they were made from some special hardwood , the hardest timber the world 's forests had to offer .
later it would rise a little and swing south , and then it would fall away into the west , all of which was good , because it meant even a target wearing a brown coat would stand out well against the brown of the faded timber baulks , all day long .
with such a series of colossal gaffes under the shop 's belt , it became less difficult to understand how the agents employed to keep watch on the mcgee family could mistake a child 's two nights at a friend 's house as a run for the tall timber .
the reznick house was like a spread from a magazine ; not one of those cold , stark showrooms , but lived in and relaxed : polished wooden floors laid with fluffy rugs , walls covered with family photos and colourful abstract paintings that annette had collected over the years , overstuffed couches to curl up in front of the fireplace that burned real logs ( however much ethan complained about carrying timber from the shed ) .
ii in a timber cabin we found the leader , who had been attending to correspondence , and , passing through the guard at the entrance , we closed the door on the clamour of the camp , banishing the drill sergeant 's orders , the constant clanking of implements from the kitchen , the trundle of carts .
the biggest trading centre in damascus , it lay in the centre of the city 's poor district in the north - east and was bordered on all sides by buildings of mud and timber - damascus turned into a swamp when it rained - and was a patchwork of carts , stands and merchants ' tables .
she swiveled her head and cried out with relief to see the broad green lawn and the stone - and - timber mansion that had been andreas 's darkhaven estate seated at the top of a gently sloping incline .
the other men in her family were certain to treat julian with distrust , and that very well could be like lighting a match to dry timber .
she crossed through a field of alpine flowers , the blossoms everywhere as she pushed through the high grasses toward the slope of timber .
dependent on the declining cotton and timber markets at the turn of the last century , the town 's fortunes had reversed in the early twenties with the discovery of oil in the area .
the residence itself was a sprawling ten - bedroom , eight - thousand - square - foot fortress of stone and thick timber .
in the woods , a ton of timber was growing every minute .
the eighteen - wheeler that hit them was hauling a full load on its oversize trailer -- five tons of timber on its way to the lower forty - eight .
` ` i see you found yourself a couple of giant timber wolves , hannah .
everything i 'd learned in training and on the job had been shattered when that tractor trailer full of timber crossed the icy highway and plowed into my life . ''
a couple of hours onto the highway , a tractor trailer carrying a full load of timber crossed into our lane .
a short while ago , every piece of timber had vanished like mist with the dawn .
blast it , he thought , i should have asked the thing to see if there '' s been any increase in stone and timber loads , too .
and also the numbers of timber and stone carts ? ''
soggy timber split and crumbled .
` ` there '' s timber on the way , and winching gear too .
in some places they had to backtrack because a rampart of tangled , stinking , gnat - infested timber blocked the way .
by the look of it , they '' d moved tons of rock and stricken timber , and there were the crowbars to prove it .
rock is easier to come by than timber in west texas .
surely there was more than falling timber left .
he was the one now trapped in a burning house , half a smoldering timber across his gut searing his skin , only seconds from oblivion .
mining , timber , metal manufacturing .
` ` oh , your legitimate business interests - the mining , the timber , the metal manufacturing - they may be on the up - and - up , but you could have fooled me when it comes to your personal life , given the company you 're keeping these days .
that thought was uppermost in her mind as they rode through a stand of tall timber that opened onto a flat meadow , and she beheld an indian village for the first time .
he went to ground in the midst of a stand of timber located behind the fortress .
the trellises rotted ; their brittle timber just waiting for an excuse to burn .
we were deep in the middle of three hundred acres of timber and rocks and falling leaves .
and when the blast came , it was like an earthquake , a tsunami of stone and timber and dust that we were trying to outrun .
burning scraps of timber are falling from the sky , and my eyes are watering .
` ` yes , we could , missy , but we 'd need seasoned lumber and tools , neither of which we have , '' he says , but then , like any true can - do sailor , he goes on to say , ` ` but maybe we could find a good stand of straight timber , cut 'em down , and bind 'em together with rope and ... '' ` ` weeeeeeee ... oooooooop !
kearns put them to work at once constructing two four - by - eight - foot platforms from the load of timber deposited in the front yard .
the yard workers had started early this morning , dragging more burnt timber out of the woods and loading it into a long green dumpster .
a bunch of tree surgeons had hacked away at the brambles with chain saws , leaving a big pile of dead timber on the lawn .
and you know how much trouble it would be to fell and haul that much timber ? ''
` ` in the morning , we 'll fell some timber for a proper watchtower .
after the meal , longshot drew lots to see which half of our group went to the woods to saw the timbers for the watchtower .
we had n't come this deep for timber , reasoning that young trees on the outside would be easier to cut and haul .
cut some timber to use the branches to form a makeshift roof . ''
the skiffs were loaded with grain , timber , and raw cotton , but on the trip back they would be stocked with sugar , rifles , and all manner of finished goods that passed through the seaports of west ravka .
` ` i assume because they 're in need of timber , '' he said .
` ` my associates inform me that she is sound of timber and well - captained .
the only smells drifting through the woods were charred timber , scorched stone , crisped bone .
the flatbed was hauling a load of timber , a stack of twelve - foot two - by - fours held down by canvas straps .
he looked at the burning house as a large piece of timber came crashing down in front of them , making them both take a step back .
why , the timber alone would be a major lure to people living on treeless islands .
as she ran against the weight of the child in her arms , behind the bar and through the only door leading to the back , a piece of sturdy timber the length and size of two full - grown adults blew in through the upstairs walls and straight through the bedrooms as if they were built of saltines .
more timber crashed in and down , through the front face of cooper 's saloon , through the bedrooms , tearing out the other side of the upstairs wall as though it were as thin as paper , then driving downward into the center of the bar .
the back half of cooper 's saloon did fall , but it fell into itself , slowing the rolling timber to a stop mid - way through the second pair of parallel doors in the corridor .
* the tradition amongst the tribes when it comes to dwellings is that word would be spread amongst the mountain folk with the calling together of the builders of houses , a team would form from the corners of the tribal lands and put themselves to work , often a house could be built completely in one or two weeks from the timber of the forests of the mountains .
too much fire would endanger the ship and a ships pump stood by in case sparks or spitting timber fired the deck .
andrew went further , and with the timber available made cases for the more expensive pieces .
well , there is the small matter of a cargo of oil and timber down and sugar and rum back , richard dodged a cushion and it knocked over a perfume bottle .
this land was good for timber , after the trees were felled there is nt much you can do with this rocky soil .
* * * oneill in the trees , to the south of the marines , the ships logging party worked , felling the timber for the raft .
it had taken them two nights to roll and drag the trees into position and to carefully arrange them to look like a natural fall of timber .
get him and chippy to rig up two long baulks of timber as fenders ; a couple of boats booms should serve .
their own property is only five acres of trees and paths , but on two sides are thousands of acres of trees that belong to a timber company .
frank drove into town to buy timber for the new book shelves and fran and matilda dusted , vacuumed and began arranging the artefacts in each room .
hearing anguished screams over the moan of the wind , he spun to see the two men before him grasping at the deck with taloned fingers as they were carried away in a snarl of line and timber .
he slashed at the lines that bound the timber to the ship .
jack tarleton 's father was a successful businessman who had got rich supplying timber even before the great war .
but maybe he would surprise court , and maybe there was a wrench or a piece of timber that he could use as a weapon .
this ship had a cargo of sawn timber for building houses or boats , rice in bags , coconuts , urns of palm oil and a couple of bags full of little black sticks with a strong scented smell .
huge trails of red hot flame bellowed up the flue relentlessly , viciously attacking warped metal and long dead timber with a furious vengeance .
it was a crude wooden building , with rough timber planks for walls and windows formed by holes in the wall covered by cloth and board .
james found a solid looking piece of timber and perched alongside the pigeons to wait for brock .
the lead cover had long since been stolen , exposing the timber beneath to the cruel english weather .
the leather is cracked and worn , but the frame is made from solid chunks of timber hewn from the african bush and held together with massive iron struts and stays .
in the quiet they heard the sound of wood cracking , like an old rotten limb being pulled from a large tree , a limb with just enough timber left in its center to make a strong noise as it snapped .
i think this timber was burned at one time .
beside the dating of the artifacts we try find things about the wreck itself , construction , timber , that kind of thing .
the crowd the previous night had not walked near this up thrust piece of timber .
the first indication of its presence was a shudder of movement between the distant trees , then slowly but surely , the shadows congealed to form a grey timber wolf .
the last she remembered she was in the roskilde cathedral museum with her dad and a bunch of crusty archaeologists discussing the best way to preserve large timbers .
she was about to pry the timber out when hakon and leif arrived .
after one of netiros attacks left the temple in shambles , nehemiah led the men in rebuilding it solely out of mud brick , without the straw , timber , or animal skins that fueled the dragons fire .
horrified , he watched one of the gargantuan falling boulders collide atop a trireme beak , its reinforced woodwork was blown apart , spraying shattered timber across the ocean , forcing the entire vessel nose first into the sea .
a timber rattler ?
risen marked the days on a sodden timber above his head with his fingernail .
` ` timber ! ''
so , my friends , we are going to build a wall made from timber !
if we are going to build it from timber , we will need some trees .
find out where there are trees this big around and at least ten feet tall that we can cut down to use for timber .
the humongous fireplace blazed with newly lit timber and tony wandered over to it .
when the distance shrunk to seventy , he would be in calling range , but still hidden , because these woods consisted of mature timber , which meant that from any given area , the turkeys vision penetrated in an uneven line .
the group walked to the middle of the parcel and admired the forty - year - old stand of mixed timber which stood on the opposite side of the field .
muel and i come upon an enormous tree trunk fallen years ago , its timber covered with lichen , the branches long since rotted away .
above him the sky is lit with reds and oranges , and the smell of dry timber charring under the infernos onslaught overwhelms the nose .
construction had been accomplished by use of rough lumber , rock possibly the regions greatest resource and stout timber .
her timber is life saving for his children .
the farm lands produce wheat , corn , oats , rye , and cotton for harvesting and selling along with raising cattle , sheep , horses , chickens , and hogs while the prime green forests produce timber for the sawmill .
at first he presumed it was timber from the wreck of a ship .
rough timbers and boards speckled the few retail buildings along both sides of the road .
a timber merchant and devotee had gifted the guru the house .
` ` they had a lot of chemicals in that barn not to mention the hay and the dry timber .
thus , we determined matters such as where and how to locate fresh timber and other needs from distant islands , and where and when we could begin to visit port towns without fear of discovery .
then i found jamie and the rest were hijacking timber from the building merchant .
appropriating timber that cost me three pounds fifty a yard , she devoted a week to constructing a timber frame which she painted red and blue .
it was a strange feeling , cutting so much timber .
they built out of timber from the lowlands and stones from the mountains .
the climate was too cold , dry , and windy to promote rot and the timbers themselves were too sturdy to blow down in the wind .
i think you should dig in the garden with timber , and explore with grandma .
look at timber .
lo listened to her gush over the dog , then heard her heels tap lightly on the stairway , mixed with the sound of puppy toe nails as timber raced up ahead of her .
outside , timber .
xavier and edward took each a small piece of timber while cristobal took his sledgehammer and they all went down to the first floor .
xavier was literally dancing between the two guys , dodging them gracefully while hitting them repeatedly with his piece of timber , it looked as if he was dancing and having fun .
tom was defending himself as best as possible using what he had learned in his karate lessons and finally edward was clumsily attacking one of the guys with his piece of timber without much success while trying to avoid being hit by them .
he was going to offer up timber from the oka tree , a tree unique to southern isle .
they have to get the timber out somehow .
he started gathering the timber that was already chopped and hauling it into the barn , where he piled it in an unused stall .
there was the timber yard to run .
in the middle of the snow - blanketed field , ailia could see timber and the unfinished construction of a longhouse .
seth planted it on his father 's grave , and it grew into a magnificent timber .
now one summer snorri the priest sent his thralls to work in the wood , and they cut there much timber and piled it together , and then went home .
now while the timber was seasoning , the rumour ran that arnkel would go fetch it .
so it fell not out ; but he bade a herdsman of his watch when snorri the priest let fetch the timber , and tell him thereof .
there is nt even a farm for miles , only raw timber and uncut stone .
in all , it is not many things , some of which you know , many of which you do not know : they are not of the races of the inland sea , nor cattle men , as we are , nor mere fishers of the sea and rivers , nor timber men , nor diggers after metals ... at this point korkungal raised his head and shot a burning glance of impatience at the contented kandrigi : tell me what they are , kandrigi , before my brain melts through trying to understand the meaning of not - being .
he understood that the timber was being hauled by elephant over terrible terrain .
the hope was that the stone would arrive at roughly the same time as the timber , even with the extra time needed to cut and shape it .
in their absence , bulwarks had been set , cut from some unfortunate aged timber .
where dwindling tracts of old - growth timber stood , the humans saw them as a source of wood .
excited at the prospect of this newfound timber , he leaned the axe against his legs and spit into his big calloused hands , rubbing them together .
they d even figured out how to dry snow - soaked branches , turning damp wood into timber suitable for a fire .
he lives in upper town , where most of the rich families resides , in a large wooden house built of quality timber .
most of the houses in upper town were made of high quality , dark timber .
you see , i have found an ancient prophesy ... ' 27 dusk had settled and the forest had grown quiet , save for the occasional rustling of a badger [ 21 ] and the whippy crack of rotten timber as annabel shifted her position .
unlike the timber homes of the cavalli , the barracks would be built using the same stones he had used for the wall and then topped with thatched roofs .
he tirelessly transports and painstakingly hauls into place timbers the size of trees that could crush him to a pulp .
in fact , what we should do here is expand our factories and mills , and fall more timber further into the forest .
food , timber , gold , metals and materials , this is what mattered to her .
they may carry goods from far - off lands , but their timbers grew in groves in salamis or northern magnesia , and their captains learned the sea in the gulfs around the greek coast .
i even helped to carry a timber for a hull once , when one of the workers caught his foot and twisted the ankle too badly to walk .
they showed me what must be achieved by using their timbers but i worked out how to put it together .
it was a fire , something that was greatly feared in most villages as the houses were built from dry timber and grass .
adar was the only one who seemed to have some vigour , he was already gathering timber for the fire that they would need .
the houses and buildings were built of a mixture of stone and timber .
the timber would have been sourced from the lowlands as there were no forests in the towns vicinity .
the rock formed the walls and the timber the roofs .
the houses here were mostly two - storey and were made of a combination of grey stone , aged timber and thatched roofs .
in fact , the only thing that differentiated the howling hills from indole 's home country , the moaning mounds , was a large palisade made from sharpened pieces of timber with what looked like mineral deposits on top .
every chateau in parescence was of timber and vine tightly entwined .
with her back to its hearth , she threw a spark of light at its body of timber within .
the timbers were harvested under mother moons full face , the wood is best when she raises its sap in this way , and i assisted in gathering thatch for the roof and weaving it into place .
the remnant passed so close to his face that he could smell the dry scent of timber .
so they felled the trees in the ruins and the timber we had carried with us and sought to keep something terrible out .
wayden followed , making his way past stacked kegs and timber .
some carpenter had crafted the set from heavy timber then alvito had reinforced it with iron spikes .
we supply most of your food , your timber , and even the precious iron ore .
all of the gates and nearly half the poles need to be replaced with new timber .
the micmac had once built peaked wigwam roundhouses from timber , skins , and birch bark .
he carried out armloads of the dry timber then piled it on the tabletop stone .
i do nt expect you to find enough timber for a full sized pyre .
lars supplied him with the knowledge of how many logs would fit onto a timber barge and how many men they required to fill a barge in a days work , which did not include the sailing time from markland where they harvested all their trees .
since the norsemen had no draft animals , they found it too difficult to transport timber overland so instead they transported the logs on barges .
the village would send out men that morning to cut timber on markland then begin assembling the rafts of logs they required for fixing the palisade .
they thought they could cut the shaeldit timber , then only have to move cut lumber by road to the markets .
the man seemed indifferent to the fate of his son , pretending that he did not even exist and focusing all his time , thought , and energy on his project instead , but there was no money to pay workmen or buy stone and timber , so the man had to do everything himself .
you will take up where i have left off : cutting timber , collecting stone , using it to finish what my father began , well ?
i chopped timber for their village .
darlm takes frak to her housebrand newfresh smelling timbers .
he followed , making his way past stacked kegs and timber .
the smell of old timber mixed with the smell of linseed oil and turpentine .
the three brothers also purchased iron ore from linnouse and timber from caite , shipping it quickly to places where it was most needed , and receiving the highest prices .
he grabbed some timber , and using the timber as a leaver , tried to move the boulder , but without success .
he grabbed some timber , and using the timber as a leaver , tried to move the boulder , but without success .
today , it threatened her , flashing a smarmy smile of timber as it promised to deliver the companions into the eager , drooling mouth of carnage .
he had had the misfortune of nearly impaling his arm on a jutting timber rib .
denaos glanced down the beach where their vessel lay , its hole patched with conspicuous timber .
' consider this : you 're currently searching through rotting timber when you should be seeking medicinal aid .
tomorrow was tuesday : he should ordinarily have gone down to meet with them and exchange goods , and present for their approval temeraire 's next intended step in the pavilion 's construction , the acquisition of timber from a stand of large old trees to the north , for the wall - paneling and to build out the rooms which laurence himself should occupy , and any of their human guests .
` ` there might be some fruit , at least ; and better timber than what we have here , '' laurence said now , yawning ; he was leaning against temeraire 's arm , and his eyes were already closed .
the dragon , a middling creature of some ten or eleven tons , was at that moment engaged in delivering a load of timber to the waiting hands of a dozen men evidently preparing to erect another of these houses .
they saw once in a while dragons , some even laboring in the fields and others carrying loads of timber .
` ` everything from harvesting timber to metal fittings .
but already the ships in the morpork docks - laden with grain , cotton and timber , and coated with tar -were blazing merrily and , their moorings burnt to ashes , were breasting the river ankh on the ebb tide , igniting riverside palaces and bowers as they drifted like drowning fireflies towards the sea .
an archmage , by dint of great effort and much expenditure of time , might eventually obtain a small staff made from the timber of the sapient peartree .
observed a voice by rincewind 's knee as the horse cantered through the haze of decaying timber and falling leaves .
a floating stockade had been built out of rough timber on the hubward side of the island .
he also saw a gang of men climbing desperately over the lower slopes of the launching ramp and manhandling a large baulk of timber on to the track , in a frantic attempt to derail the ship before it vanished over the edge .
the wagon rumbled past , revealing to the eye of the imaginative beholder the small figure of gaspode the wonder dog , trying to make himself comfortable amongst the balks of timber at the rear .
wooden shacks had been built wherever someone had dropped a load of timber , and they were crude , as if the builders had resented the time taken from something more important that they 'd much rather be doing .
' i know where there 's a lot of prime timber just been uprooted , boss , ' he said .
waggonloads of timber were queuing up to enter the archway .
along with that whaney timber you said was about as useful as a mermaid in a chorus line . '
and that timber . '
' never mind , captain , ' he said , ' we can probably find some decent balks of timber in all this driftwood , and a few days ' work with block and tackle should- ' ' muh . '
it had taken a lot of digging , and some careful work with balks of timber and the assistance of a klatchian captain who had decided not to let patriotism stand in the way of profit .
we must have dragged loads of stuff for the fire , and it 's all natural timber , do you notice that ?
but it 's time you were goin '' ` ` broccoli , '' murmured offler to sweevo , god of cut timber .
and then think of the horses dragging this stuff , and the windmills ... and the wool coming in , too , every day , the cloth , the tobacco , the spices , the ore , the timber , the cheese , the coal , the fat , the tallow , the hay every damn day .. .
it was nothing special , as woods go , being mostly full - grown beech , although once you know that beech drips unpleasant poisons on the ground beneath it to keep it clear it 's not quite the timber you thought it was .
a hammer can hardly be allowed to refuse to hit the nail on the head , nor a saw to make moral judgements about the nature of the timber .
you saw them pushing brooms , or doing heavy work in timber yards and foundries .
the sun made the cobbles steam and death felt the faintest tingling of that little springtime urge that can send a thousand tons of sap pumping through fifty feet of timber in a forest .
ahead of the boiling surf of earth , snow and smashed timber a herd of caribou was running in blind panic , their rear hooves a few feet from the tumbling mess .
for some reason , many of these elephants were towing great carts full of timber .
carrot took the news without fuss , just as he took instructions about re - opening shaft # 4 or cutting timber for shoring props .
when you think of all the timber yards , hayricks , thatched roofs and oil stores it could have hit by chance , it 's managed to really frighten everyone without actually harming the city .
the local hunger for grazing land and timber had scraped the fields and hillsides down to scrubby low grass , all the way to the base of table mountain and its satellite peaks , where the slopes grew prohibitive : loose conglomerations of grey and yellow rock in stepped terraces like old rotting stone walls held together by grass and green moss , and clayey dirt for mortar .
' had , ' said the timber merchant .
down here , marsh noted , the riverbanks were shorn of all timber but for an occasional row of ornamental saplings .
his flesh felt as heavy as waterlogged timber .
earendil was a mariner that tarried in arvernien ; he built a boat of timber felled in nimbrethil to journey in ; her sails he wove of silver fair , of silver were her lanterns made , her prow was fashioned like a swan , and light upon her banners laid .
it was dark , but not too dark for the night - eyes of orcs , and in the star - glimmer they must have offered their cunning foes some mark , unless it was that the grey cloaks of lorien and the grey timber of the elf - wrought boats defeated the malice of the archers of mordor .
good dry seasoned timber by now .
they arrived and departed all the time , fetching timbers from who knew where , marching down into the dark ... and then one day golems came pouring out of the hole , there was a lengthy discussion and the smoking woman marched over to the watchers .
the people here are mostly herdsmen - though timber harvesters and farmers are not uncommon .
there is timber , as well as some basic carpentry supplies , 1and even some pulley networks . ''
there are good wells of fresh water , and fruitful soil , and timber for building , and fish in the lagoons ; and the other men of that world have not yet discovered it .
raucus was a large , rawboned man , brawny as a house built from raw timber .
sador worked in the outbuildings , to make or mend things of little worth that were needed in the house , for he had some skill in the working of wood ; and turin would fetch him what he lacked , to spare his leg , and sometimes he would carry off secretly some tool or piece of timber that he found unwatched , if he thought his friend might use it .
and i do not see that it brings into the islands meat or bread or beer or wine or timber or cabbages or books or instruments of music or horses or armour or anything else worth having .
there stood also a cluster of goodly houses of timber , and a tilth was about them and trees of fruit .
timber he had that came down the hidden river ; a goodly wood it was , for the noldoli hewed it in the forests of dor lomin and floated it to him of a purpose .
but the story of his dwelling in the cove of falasquil and his adornment of it with carvings ( and of course the floating of timber down the river to him by the noldoli of dor lomin ) was abandoned ; in the later legend tuor finds on the coast ruins of the ancient harbour - works of the noldor from the days of turgon 's lordship in nevrast , and of turgon 's former dwelling in these regions before he went to gondolin there is in the old story no trace .
who now can tell , and what harp can accompany with melodies strange enough , rich enough tunes , pale with the magic of cavernous harmony , loud with shore - music of beaches and dunes , how slender his boat ; of what glimmering timber ; how her sails were all silvern and taper her mast , and silver her throat with foam and her limber flanks as she swanlike floated past !
he bore as a staff a timber great as a young tree , and he fared as if he had no need to fear tide or quicksand until he came far out where his shoulders were scarce above the yellow waters of the incoming flood to that carven prow , that now alone was seen above the water .
after the big floods they built up the sides of the road with timber and filled it in , but they left the pavements on either side because not all the properties had built up yet and people objected . '
the sensation grew only gradually : the settled fields yielding to unbroken wilderness , stands of ancient timber , eucalypts with their oddly sharp fragrance rising if they landed , and the last hunting tracks fading away beneath the leaf cover .
the trees were not of a sort which would be easily amenable to burning , either , nor to being knocked down : these were not small scrubby creatures , despite their queerly peeling trunks , but old giants , prime timber ; laurence had seen half - a - dozen which could have made the allegiance a new mainmast .
temeraire might fell the timber they required , and manage the stone as they quarried it , even while the men were set to cutting the road back to sydney , laurence thought .
part ii chapter 7 ` ` my dear , '' laurence said , keeping his hand on temeraire 's forearm by way of both comfort and urging restraint , ` ` we can not be haring into the countryside unguided : aloft you can not follow a trail , and with the quantity of timber in this country even the most unhandy thief can evade you for the price of hiding concealed the day , and traveling at night . ''
tens of thousands of soldiers waited beside campfires that were quickly denuding the area of timber .
a timber baron who comes out of nowhere and builds a huge house .
he saw a small herd of deer grazing in the shade of a stand of timber .
leaving the timber , they found themselves in a broad meadow .
bad as it was , jasper tudor had even worse handled lady katherines estates ; tens of thousands of acres of prime woodland had been deforested for the value of the timber on them .
typical of the welshman , acceptable for hawk and for hound , perfect for neither , but then you make profit out of the grazing and the timber .
once he had crossed the line , euthanizing just one child , any further resistance based on his own sense of integrity would crumble into fine sawdust like termite - infested timber .
here the night 's tree felling had produced timber now piled high along the beach .
along shore before the docked triremes , stacks of timber stretched into darkness .
the women touched torches to the fresh - cut timber , but though they lingered with flames licking the gnarled bark , the fire would not light .
again , pausanias consulted the generals while tisamenus set fire to the timber in the roasting pit .
he shouted , ` ` fresh - cut timber . ''
` ` the aged timber has been passed down from eumolpus himself , the first to be initiated into demeter 's mysteries .
she heard the far - off thud of axes as woodcutters felled giant timbers to warm the hearths of eleusis .
usually the only thing they have a plentiful supply of is timber for the winter fires , and that ferocious mountain spirit ; held in high regard over the generations for the tenacity to cling on in the harshest of conditions , and fight off the bitterest frosts of winter .
they were actually little more than one - room shacks made from the plentiful timber that grew slowly all around .
ely being then an island surrounded by marsh , the reason given for the gift was , because , since the country is wooded , the brethren can find timber for the fabric of their church and wood sufficient for their other purposes .
the cutting of the timber was the one part left to village labour , even then the beams were carried away from the saw - mill by servants of the palace , firstly by cart and then on foot .
in 1938 , they dismantled it and used the wood for building farm sheds , which they thought a more useful employment for the timber than as a house of prayer or cultural monument .
his grandfather had been a wealthy timber merchant who also owned a flour mill but lost everything when czarist anti - jewish laws were tightened in the 1880s .
she lived in house number 213 with her son jozef dub , 41 , proprieter of the eichenbaum timber company , and his wife , ilsa meisel dub , 35 , and their daughter ilsa , 9 .
to a bone adepts instructions he lay flat on timber planks , aged by the experience , with drastic weight loss .
3 elwyna the exile to obtain timber for richard 's castle , two normans will cruelly take advantage of elwyna 's hidden home in the woods unless she finds a way to stop them .
the park and the timber and all two hundred tenant farms .
and the same applied to everything we tried which looked like succeeding in export markets , from timber to glass .
a devoted soldier like him , a solemn person , a thick hard piece of timber , that s what he is ... i am cursed .
samuel stared at the scrub pines , their scrawny branches at odds with the trees prized timber .
there s bout five acres the boss wants to cut fo timber in a couple a years .
d you mean that big one carrying pieces of timber ?
the larger trees had been felled for timber and lugged away , and without these familiar landmarks it was sometimes difficult to remember which pile of stones had been which house .
all he saw of the barn and house , even the small smokehouse , were constructed to last using native stone and a fair amount of timber likely cut in nearby mountains and hauled down through sheer hard work .
unlike those in the larger towns , put together with used timber and sheet iron , in muc thap they were bamboo and thatch .
since childhood , anton saw the man strive mightily to earn a living , first hauling timber from oregon forests to the columbia river for floating to the coast where shipbuilders bought masts and mills purchased to make lumber .
to anton , embittered by treatment his pa received from timber men paying little and thieving bankers able to steal homes of men and families , the plan made great sense , renewing love and respect he d begun to believe was misplaced .
yes , keben timber .
pyramid construction required copper chisels , chisels required constant sharpening , sharpening required continual fires , fires required trade for keben timber , and that required gold .
pity she could n't set alight the thick piece of timber she removed from the box with a point of her finger .
he quickly came across a spot on the lee side of a thick stand of dark timber and was therefore almost completely out of the storms onslaught .
they came to an area where swathes of the forest had been cleared , but secondary timber growth almost obscured the view to the west behind them , over the loch to the mighty hills of arrochar beyond .
it was newly dressed timber , with no gaps or holes to allow the draught in .
glenbuckie was extremely proud of his parlour with its wall - panelling and ceiling of sawn timber .
rob moved to a position from where he could look in and see him removing some of the smaller pieces of bog timber that had been positioned between the main roof supports to strengthen the thatch .
a considerable number of labourers manhandled roughly dressed timbers on the embankment .
i did read an account that inversnaid was captured by james mr piling timber against the gate and setting fire to it .
we do nt need anything fancy ; just fallen timber and brush to hide behind and to rest our rifles on so that we can aim properly , concluded colonel shelby .
as the loyalists attacked them , alex and his men ran as fast as they could over the ridge , where they jumped over the downed timber and brush to reassemble at the rear and form a reserve force for colonel shelby .
he had taken leave for a while to get some more timber to close in the underpinning of the house , which would only need a coat of paint in addition .
ill be needing some help with these timbers .
people are crawling all over the apocalyptic scene , piling timber , stacking bodies , instinctively bringing order to the chaos .
initially culann was puzzled as to how the clan cut the timber for their dwellings and the timber frames of the coracles as they had so few metal axes .
alpin and gart explained they used very finely made stone axes to cut and dress timber .
there is no timber .
they had both had grabbed onto a piece of timber as the curach broke up and been swept far down the bay .
they put roofs on for people , cut timber and mill it into boards , and most anything else you can do with wood .
there were two single beds made of some imported timber .
as the men carry the heavy timber , the women bring water and food so they can continue to build all day long .
char binnaker 's big log house had burned down to nothing more than a large pile of glowing embers which popped and protested only occasionally as the last of the timber was consumed , but several of the other cabins were roaring infernos .
noo its wimmens work for tae bring me some belly timber .
born in the neighboring village of mast camp , where his father supervised the river transport of timber for english ships , frank niles was less than a year old when his family relocated to london .
it gives us something other than milled timber to talk about at the supper table .
the rest is in virgin timber . ''
if the land had timber , as william had said it did , he could build a place himself .
their home was small barely two rooms closed in by rough - hewn timber and a roof which leaked in the rainy season .
there s some good timber out there and it d make lots of lumber .
he was also selling timber .
in the first days , planning the bridge 's site , designing the spans , ordering the timber from which it would be built , he 'd felt hopeful , confident .
someone 's bought up all the spare timber .
the river was n't that wide , though it was fast ; some were swept along , in to the flotsam of bodies and burning timber that the bridge had dammed .
he 'd used some of the leftover timber from the work on the stoa to make a rough frame , just one end - piece wedged in some rocks and a long ridge slung on to it , perched at the other end on an unused capital ; it was only a couple of feet off the ground , but that would give enough space to lie down , with more height at the front .
nor was gaius ; despite the extra workforce , he 'd been unable to get the stoa finished ; all the purlins had been cut too short , and he was having to wait while new timber was found and that was n't easy , they 'd gone through the stock they had and purlins were sawn to order .
it was surprising how quickly the flames caught ; the pyre became a grid , a cage of black timber and roaring brightness .
even with their rough double doors wide open to the street , they were dim , the corners puddled in gloom ; they stank of the only half - tanned and already rotting skins that were stacked on a counter , the putrid aromas of fish gut sauce or cakes of salted anchovies , oozing overripe cheeses or musty air - dried sausages , their skins furred with white mould ; only a timber store smelt sweet with pine resin and the peppery scent of olivewood , and the slatted shadows of the leaning planks seemed to form such good hiding places , but there was no sign of anyone there .
cats slunk through the shadows ; a litter of white puppies tumbled in the sawdust of the timber store .
how many times the round dance had been danced , hand in hand through the ages ; someone dancing tonight would have danced with old spurinna , and he might have held the hand of one of the older masters , and she in turn might have danced as a young girl with one of the elders next to her in the ring , that hands interlaced , and so on to the dawn of etruria , in one great circle of dance back to tarchies and tages ... servius he sat in the house of the curia he 'd had rebuilt , wondering why it was so easy to build up stone and timber , so difficult to build a city .
when we arrived at black river falls , we found a great deal of timber already felled and waiting for us .
as the old timber begins to crown out , new shoots spring up , and the forest continues to grow .
the white limestone edifice was now built up to the third floor , and workmen were busy all around the temple site shaping timbers for the attic story .
nauvoo , monday , december 16 brigham young wrote in his journal : a few days ago the twelve and the temple committee counseled together on the propriety of employing a suitable number of carpenters this winter to prepare the timbers for the temple , so as to have them all ready when the stone work was finished .
the earth and timber castle sat in the heart of the aberdeenshire countryside , its large circular motte rising up impressively before them , forming an excellent vantage point from which to admire the beautiful green landscape but also , and more importantly , to spot approaching enemies .
parties had gone to neighbouring woods and parks , and brought back waggon - loads of timber to reinforce the bank and form the palisade .
the norman vanguard , as it crested a hill overlooking the walled town , was greeted by the sight of black smoke pluming towards the sky and the stench of burning timber .
he sent his laborers out again to cut timber under the protection of a small guard of new men .
chapter 53 june , 1178 llanlleyn , gwynedd roger of haworth moved his men back to a secure position east of the fortress , near the banks of the clwyd , and immediately dispatched a contingent to cut timber .
gambling with the ships timber i see .
it seems an economical way to build a lodging fast if ye but had the timber .
often set to gather firewood , he and ambrose spent some relatively carefree days in the woods , pairing up to chop wind - fallen timber .
behind the two leaders came teams of expert carpenters and metalworkers , and behind them came warriors carrying metal rods and timbers .
granted , it may take a little more effort than ready cut timber you always insist on doing it the hard way , eh captain ?
and after all that practice this spring cutting timber for your bleeding ferry , i expect to win .
what i really need is some solid timber to rebuild my ferry .
he collided with a truck that was carrying timber in the back .
the forest - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the forest 721 the 507 and 353 a 309 of 229 he 228 to 204 in 196 his 177 was 107 that 93 partridge 83 you 82 it 78 on 75 her 74 said 72 she 71 from 70 him 70 had 67 as 66 with 66 not 61 toshi 59 at 56 they 54 for 50 were 48 i 47 into 45 an 45 this 39 nadine 34 them 33 or 33 their 33 like 32 beasley 32 is 30 campbell 27 what 26 there 26 then 25 if 25 be 25 through 24 up 24 over 24 been 23 back 23 did 23 but 23 all 22 no 21 more 21 are 21 when 20 down 19 by 19 i ' m 19 so 19 about 19 do 18 do n't 18 eyes 17 men 17 house 17 face 17 long 17 my 17 will 17 head 16 get 16 one 15 we 15 have 15 water 15 it 's 15 out 14 would 14 go 14 its 14 after 14 some 14 partridge 's 14 black 14 light 14 here 14 these 14 see 13 those 13 new 13 come 13 nothing 13 hand 12 away 12 say 12 came 12 left 12 against 12 know 12 toshi 's 12 mask 12 night 12 before 12 room 11 me 11 way 11 any 11 glass 11 yeah 11 how 11 time 11 might 11 sat 11 did n't 11 always 10 gone 10 that 's 10 near 10 our 10 bed 10 woman 10 you 're 10 where 10 why 10 stood 10 too 10 got 10 until 10 off 10 grass 10 mouth 10 cockroaches 10 along 9 can 9 even 9 could 9 something 9 right 9 hair 9 radio 9 went 9 look 9 upon 9 good 9 well 9 man 9 everything 9 cold 9 hands 9 took 9 let 9 very 9 montague 9 rich 9 wore 9 us 9 around 8 going 8 white 8 want 8 who 8 dark 8 gave 8 than 8 just 8 voice 8 much 8 only 8 other 8 another 8 beetles 8 camera 8 made 8 few 8 oh 8 howard 8 still 8 gertz 8 empty 8 held 8 years 7 really 7 better 7 boy 7 phillips 7 never 7 great 7 shadows 7 your 7 sometimes 7 wanted 7 road 7 node 7 place 7 knew 7 hell 7 line 7 earth 7 old 7 two 7 sun 7 thought 7 wooden 7 across 7 fell 7 once 7 tried 7 walked 7 anything 7 saw 6 people 6 stone 6 table 6 alone 6 little 6 someone 6 sure 6 fields 6 again 6 mr 6 course 6 okay 6 forest 6 leaned 6 air 6 being 6 windows 6 waited 6 teeth 6 bit 6 eye 6 things 6 should 6 red 6 darkness 6 moment 6 sky 6 dead 6 become 6 work 6 three 6 smile 6 close 6 among 6 yet 6 between 6 since 6 himself 6 lost 6 garden 6 called 6 found 6 enough 5 keep 5 concrete 5 coffee 5 later 5 kept 5 metal 5 passed 5 without 5 they 're 5 smoke 5 whole 5 towne 5 insects 5 film 5 else 5 inside 5 depression 5 tigers 5 walk 5 now 5 coming 5 such 5 telescopes 5 has 5 lamp 5 porch 5 imagine 5 doors 5 houses 5 business 5 caught 5 maybe 5 stared 5 home 5 heart 5 love 5 forever 5 we ' ve 5 dinner 5 looked 5 ever 5 beneath 5 laughed 5 while 5 window 5 either 5 thing 5 high 5 first 4 documentary 4 show 4 fresh 4 drunk 4 dripped 4 arms 4 country 4 eventually 4 wet 4 behind 4 we 'll 4 sea 4 poured 4 buildings 4 piece 4 kind 4 rubbed 4 s 4 most 4 moorehead 4 seen 4 strong 4 probably 4 least 4 last 4 next 4 leather 4 slept 4 kitchen 4 disappeared 4 mind 4 seemed 4 except 4 have n't 4 dishes 4 world 4 hard 4 orren 4 best 4 also 4 shot 4 field 4 current 4 afraid 4 clouds 4 lot 4 began 4 brain 4 nodded 4 lay 4 naked 4 certain 4 watch 4 think 4 person 4 jeep 4 mostly 4 fingers 4 drink 4 feet 4 life 4 arm 4 we 're 4 own 4 fucking 4 farm 4 opened 4 sense 4 second 4 emerged 4 full 4 carrey 4 stairs 4 stopped 4 shade 4 friends 4 hollywood 4 guinea 4 pulled 4 watched 4 shoulder 4 done 4 shook 4 dust 4 reached 4 nadine 's 4 moving 4 which 4 drank 4 ask 4 low 4 tarantula 4 cigarette 4 floor 4 tell 4 name 4 huh 4 brought 4 blackness 3 mmm 3 cool 3 wo n't 3 ear 3 truck 3 antenna 3 rose 3 heavily 3 drugs 3 sees 3 invented 3 brow 3 lid 3 valley 3 estate 3 he 'd 3 hot 3 smell 3 foot 3 usual 3 doorway 3 fire 3 simple 3 luck 3 he 's 3 fat 3 talking 3 orange 3 church 3 fast 3 gate 3 bloody 3 was n't 3 she 'll 3 alcohol 3 barn 3 under 3 soon 3 smiled 3 chair 3 jean 3 grown 3 onto 3 nose 3 ceiling 3 fence 3 weekend 3 there 's 3 forests 3 museum 3 pet 3 bus 3 make 3 everywhere 3 big 3 odor 3 malibu 3 eat 3 somehow 3 liquor 3 settled 3 career 3 france 3 glanced 3 hung 3 soft 3 broken 3 none 3 followed 3 strange 3 cellar 3 early 3 give 3 ah 3 sound 3 rolling 3 chuckled 3 ancient 3 l 3 catch 3 dirt 3 phone 3 dying 3 days 3 throat 3 guys 3 box 3 star 3 ice 3 pointed 3 perhaps 3 relinquish 3 million 3 shrugged 3 flesh 3 note 3 doubtless 3 mooreheads 3 told 3 occasionally 3 contact 3 mention 3 river 3 poor 3 thighs 3 shell 3 kissed 3 does 3 campbell 's 3 center 3 british 3 itself 3 wood 3 t 3 height 3 pressed 3 ears 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 according 3 main 3 drive 3 oak 3 spoke 3 california 3 places 3 surface 3 together 3 formed 3 run 3 everybody 3 aside 3 couple 3 memory 3 bones 3 history 3 jackson 3 leaves 3 thinking 3 horror 3 structures 3 moist 3 private 3 skin 3 quite 3 moon 3 tight 3 dry 3 became 3 warm 3 overhead 3 groaned 3 eh 3 dress 3 suit 3 blood 3 deep 3 horizon 3 hold 3 felt 3 dim 3 raised 3 den 3 smelled 3 space 3 parts 3 day 3 swung 3 glad 3 species 3 she 's 3 because 3 pale 3 covered 3 friend 3 sulk 3 slightly 3 ryoko 3 goodbye 3 yes 3 shall 3 colony 3 gazing 3 screams 3 finally 3 quiet 3 leave 3 invisible 3 town 3 thrum 3 ride 3 latest 3 stomach 3 she 'd 3 hang 3 shop 3 pair 2 dropped 2 gray 2 seeing 2 nasa 2 address 2 interesting 2 death 2 muck 2 matter 2 owned 2 yah 2 depths 2 sink 2 musk 2 serious 2 excess 2 ghost 2 resonant 2 square 2 latter 2 embraced 2 yellow 2 luggage 2 seconds 2 real 2 set 2 met 2 missed 2 considering 2 briefcase 2 dragged 2 colonies 2 cities 2 sleep 2 both 2 flew 2 unload 2 shut 2 speed 2 eating 2 signals 2 gnats 2 barge 2 huge 2 tree 2 bad 2 preserving 2 dr 2 stuff 2 landscape 2 magnificent 2 die 2 cook 2 exist 2 gets 2 hmm 2 four 2 dawn 2 d - lab 2 hill 2 jobs 2 portrait 2 action 2 god 2 slate 2 corridors 2 watching 2 how 's 2 punch 2 dreaming 2 quick 2 technicians 2 presented 2 twilight 2 warrenburgh 2 damned 2 man 's 2 begun 2 beyond 2 original 2 stiff 2 suggested 2 possible 2 helicopter 2 rotting 2 provincial 2 iron 2 move 2 dusty 2 crouched 2 ducks 2 decrepit 2 neck 2 movie 2 end 2 richard 2 crocodiles 2 breathing 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 interested 2 nonsense 2 magnetic 2 communication 2 illuminated 2 bone 2 actually 2 changed 2 grimy 2 flask 2 plaster 2 natives 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 regarding 2 passenger 2 stop 2 village 2 ebony 2 part 2 clatter 2 disaster 2 rim 2 swollen 2 whipped 2 scarf 2 pipe 2 roll 2 state 2 heard 2 taint 2 elbow 2 boiling 2 behavior 2 chairs 2 decided 2 tasted 2 skull 2 paper 2 toward 2 died 2 fluorescent 2 cheeks 2 property 2 grew 2 handed 2 impression 2 ones 2 certainly 2 cables 2 playing 2 engine 2 busy 2 peculiar 2 plank 2 i ' ve 2 suitcases 2 ant 2 hundred 2 jaw 2 break 2 american 2 involved 2 muttered 2 gun 2 nobody 2 entered 2 sucked 2 leaked 2 powerful 2 crisis 2 worse 2 mad 2 reports 2 has n't 2 sex 2 is n't 2 r 2 form 2 smooth 2 ribs 2 executive 2 possibly 2 walls 2 lamps 2 number 2 surely 2 brandy 2 managed 2 rover 2 oxygen 2 question 2 far 2 carried 2 stranger 2 federal 2 fallen 2 spiders 2 golden 2 crashed 2 strung 2 damp 2 exhaustion 2 fear 2 cut 2 stank 2 beasley 's 2 realized 2 projects 2 raft 2 packed 2 french 2 bengali 2 pain 2 musty 2 played 2 guess 2 yard 2 forth 2 decades 2 chamber 2 round 2 u 2 would n't 2 tossed 2 closed 2 turned 2 reason 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 use 2 week 2 despite 2 shallow 2 charm 2 queen 2 appeal 2 shiny 2 distant 2 banks 2 masks 2 you 'd 2 threatened 2 fellow 2 observed 2 notion 2 spent 2 sunlight 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 softly 2 returned 2 planet 2 grinned 2 forget 2 expedition 2 thin 2 mortal 2 obviously 2 prince 2 studied 2 land 2 lights 2 birds 2 monet 2 thank 2 upright 2 worked 2 fight 2 trustees 2 destination 2 famous 2 promised 2 heads 2 interest 2 waiting 2 frogs 2 meanwhile 2 yourself 2 hip 2 proposed 2 mug 2 director 2 slide 2 heaved 2 young 2 slipped 2 cleaning 2 margin 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 although 2 coop 2 important 2 wondered 2 girl 2 bizarre 2 speaking 2 grip 2 let 's 2 unless 2 complete 2 boston 2 during 2 frozen 2 shaped 2 speak 2 painted 2 whispered 2 call 2 suits 2 relative 2 open 2 wheelchair 2 talk 2 dog 2 post 2 comes 2 honey 2 pity 2 bag 2 winding 2 clean 2 morning 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 roots 2 subject 2 energy 2 entomological 2 loomed 2 static 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 neighbors 2 lifted 2 stainless 2 family 2 ages 2 bluff 2 bitch 2 ago 2 mass 2 crude 2 battered 2 animal 2 moths 2 english 2 operation 2 crawled 2 grin 2 lad 2 thick 2 letting 2 getting 2 oil 2 distance 2 waved 2 civilization 2 large 2 removed 2 rock 2 locket 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 central 2 burned 2 several 2 rest 2 driver 2 receded 2 discipline 2 hollow 2 guards 2 legs 2 fall 2 terror 2 miles 2 army 2 trampled 2 silence 2 each 2 wish 2 aquariums 2 attention 2 half 2 metallic 2 hidden 2 however 2 mercenaries 2 crushed 2 boring 2 trees 2 rule 2 electromagnetic 2 cover 2 warning 2 grim 2 cause 2 glassy 2 clever 2 sweat 2 popular 2 hey 2 stars 2 indeed 2 wilderness 2 hunting 2 teaspoon 2 fifteen 2 ring 2 direct 2 tired 2 dimensions 2 due 2 six 2 often 2 vacation 2 sued 2 similar 2 guns 2 bright 2 flowed 2 same 2 assuming 2 knot 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 book 2 put 2 women 2 kidding 2 fully 2 brooding 2 asshole 2 suppose 2 england 2 body 2 darkly 2 knocking 2 foothills 2 gauge 2 county 2 track 2 someday 2 decade 2 tour 2 smaller 2 corner 2 mother 2 bangladesh 2 broad 2 muddy 2 glittered 2 mankind 2 swallowed 2 remote 2 fashion 2 served 2 host 2 could n't 2 gloom 2 scribbled 2 glowed 2 dermestid 2 roughly 2 small 2 instead 2 exposed 2 glow 2 dozen 2 voyage 2 classic 2 clear 2 take 2 developed 2 impossible 2 constellations 2 formal 2 school 2 stepped 2 sunday 2 fog 2 heavy 2 preserve 2 peace 2 drove 2 cockroach 2 heavier 2 exploits 2 russian 2 ca n't 2 spinning 2 noticed 2 lovely 2 five 2 closer 2 club 2 desk 2 director 's 2 eats 2 side 2 street 2 shirt 2 gotten 2 bees 2 short 2 unlike 2 looking 2 millions 2 cinematographer 2 carry 2 door 2 buried 2 investigation 2 glasses 2 jerked 2 party 2 community 1 hangings 1 yelled 1 creepy - crawlies 1 coal 1 load 1 clambered 1 rigid 1 counted 1 experts 1 twenty 1 panaflex 1 doorways 1 trust 1 numb 1 motionless 1 clinging 1 nature 's 1 gloves 1 photograph 1 curves 1 wild 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 lovable 1 drolly 1 poking 1 mallard 1 mild 1 meat - hungry 1 types - one 1 fiercely 1 project 1 crypto 1 sheets 1 comport 1 farther 1 initials 1 characterized 1 museums 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 lies 1 resembled 1 rate 1 compatriot 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 aristocratic 1 striking 1 erection 1 angina 1 sweating 1 education 1 employ 1 gutted 1 hear 1 opulent 1 twitchy - jet 1 whom 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 abiding 1 breath 1 geyser 1 daydreams 1 immediately 1 resided 1 ance 1 slings 1 return 1 attendant 1 gather 1 edifices 1 snail 1 peroxide 1 archaic 1 gravest 1 sahara 1 supply 1 20 1 anymore 1 breeding 1 there 're 1 cracks 1 occulted 1 subsequent 1 saying 1 antennas 1 exchange 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 gleam 1 triumph 1 tap 1 appetites 1 postings 1 doc 1 kneeling 1 champion 1 gloomy 1 evening 1 devices 1 building 1 affiliation 1 eaves 1 position 1 holding 1 deal 1 conch 1 nattering 1 pearl 1 beautifully 1 recognize 1 milk 1 impacts 1 midlife 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 partner 1 brim 1 pulse 1 hogwash 1 reflection 1 radiated 1 lockheed - martin 1 wire 1 liberally 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 streak 1 millimeter 1 crusade 1 sill 1 tick - tack 1 damned - well 1 wonder 1 organic 1 torso 1 learning 1 rancher 1 detached 1 research 1 survey 1 bring 1 parties 1 brute - had 1 dolls 1 infrared 1 misses 1 tides 1 grazing 1 dug 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 offered 1 e 1 jounce 1 iconoclast 1 prior 1 transit 1 obliterate 1 thurman 1 bordered 1 vista 1 relax 1 embryo 1 shelves 1 abruptly 1 cladistics 1 hybrid 1 trays 1 squinted 1 erotic 1 gothic 1 twisted 1 draping 1 hutch 1 ambled 1 brittle 1 stardom 1 hoopla 1 copious 1 happily - ever - after 1 candles 1 brilliant 1 fuller 1 universe 1 ourselves 1 dish 1 mania 1 checks 1 third 1 premature 1 dumped 1 poles 1 canted 1 dense 1 assembly 1 folks 1 caves 1 coughing 1 nascent 1 plucked 1 multifaceted 1 vapors 1 partway 1 ebbed 1 organism 1 occasion 1 haunted 1 edges 1 dosed 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 mortar 1 cryptozoic 1 honeymoon 1 c'm on 1 character 1 restaurant 1 tumultuous 1 superficial 1 devising 1 age 1 plain 1 downward 1 breathless 1 a - lab 1 memo 1 hug 1 mental 1 late 1 bottles 1 key 1 matching 1 wildflowers 1 it 'd 1 tiles 1 shudder 1 intriguing 1 appear 1 replaced 1 worker 1 pat 1 dreamily 1 area 1 hope 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 fossil 1 iceberg 1 transformed 1 capable 1 today 1 necessary 1 sport 1 wading 1 cloths 1 pot 1 tail 1 unleashed 1 poised 1 card 1 sick 1 gunned 1 nope 1 sinking 1 creepers 1 lounged 1 introduce 1 opportunities 1 rose - scented 1 cascaded 1 infamy 1 greedily 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 cottony 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 daydream 1 artists 1 mixed - breed 1 hydraulic 1 lane 1 plastic 1 wine 1 coleopteran 1 perched 1 grille 1 furniture 1 desired 1 blame 1 traveler 's 1 routine 1 graduate 1 erupting 1 disjointed 1 pickup 1 dream 1 unwelcoming 1 consigned 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 meteorite 1 humid 1 joking 1 lovemaking 1 silent 1 limo 1 porters 1 trapped 1 tangled 1 twitched 1 pets 1 many 1 ireland 1 dresser 1 murmured 1 over - publicized 1 lord 1 possessions 1 gravity 1 wearing 1 lips 1 flashes 1 phrases 1 shacks 1 utility 1 unconscious 1 recovering 1 silhouette 1 cheek 1 paperback 1 supporting 1 wry 1 spanned 1 recovery 1 escorted 1 amok 1 stack 1 ramshackle 1 canisters 1 betting 1 jump - cuts 1 san 1 laborers 1 mocking 1 damaged 1 stepchildren 1 scientologist 1 1886 1 focused 1 cadillac 1 drills 1 thermoses 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 cigarettes 1 catered 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 interleaved 1 angular 1 mangroves 1 variety 1 wedding 1 running 1 combination 1 hostile 1 indifferent 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 models 1 snorted 1 swept 1 refused 1 hire 1 whip - smart 1 tasting 1 hardback - one 1 rules 1 swims 1 compose 1 grasped 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 absolute 1 brick 1 soaked 1 aching 1 clearing 1 destroyed 1 writhing 1 muscle - bound 1 maids 1 wandered 1 months 1 whores 1 frank 1 dear 1 tricks 1 bookcases 1 lethally 1 elemental 1 os 1 specimen 1 jack 1 chicken 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 introduced 1 balcony 1 britain 1 shit 1 slaughterhouse 1 features 1 contrast 1 preferred 1 dumbly 1 gathering 1 inches 1 oceanic 1 biting 1 mouths 1 sand - filled 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 waxworks 1 hiring 1 man - eating 1 teuthological 1 notice 1 nerve 1 group 1 intellect 1 yep 1 cohere 1 hubbub 1 superior 1 rained 1 coil 1 urine 1 dan 1 groaning 1 beez 1 uhmm - wha 1 folksy 1 throats 1 pride 1 branded 1 afire 1 satisfy 1 reliable 1 kali 1 scarcely 1 longed 1 particular 1 coasts 1 shattering 1 blazoned 1 ances 1 protoplasmic 1 blend 1 snouts 1 brightened 1 yawns 1 aspen - chic 1 living 1 wineglasses 1 sufficed 1 tide 1 strength 1 endless 1 suspected 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 crunched 1 demonstration 1 swamped 1 image 1 ecological 1 boeing 1 hysterics 1 narrow 1 underlying 1 order 1 following 1 woodcutters 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 succession 1 coiling 1 vibration 1 savor 1 old - fashioned 1 whistled 1 beasley - and 1 double - breasted 1 tabloids 1 gleamed 1 assorted 1 unease 1 a - frame 1 permitted 1 snifters 1 gigantic 1 don't- 1 opportunity 1 wondering 1 eggs 1 slumped 1 departure 1 bodyguard 1 ends 1 perceived 1 magnums 1 wave 1 hearty 1 hissing 1 enigmas 1 herself 1 tocked 1 ascertain 1 pretty 1 subtly 1 arrows 1 skeletal 1 eyelash 1 document 1 lurk 1 arguably 1 logos 1 translates 1 lithe 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 ground - swell 1 ledbetter - told 1 send 1 dinky 1 patricians 1 curved 1 pal 1 sugar 1 spicy 1 tripped 1 low - slung 1 gentlemen 1 sizable 1 regions 1 halt 1 invasion 1 start 1 trembled 1 strawberries 1 carelessly 1 weathercocks 1 resent 1 obscure 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 begins 1 fitfully 1 would ' ve 1 convoluted 1 blazon 1 occasional 1 nod 1 packing 1 brambles 1 voices 1 generally 1 moat 1 far - flung 1 pimple 1 father 1 elder 1 shed 1 daughter 1 audience 1 epic 1 money 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ferrari 1 gin 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 dew 1 chirring 1 eight 1 endeavors 1 forward 1 acquired 1 compared 1 cooler 1 jibe 1 waders 1 swirled 1 flicker 1 pallid 1 flicked 1 colleagues 1 substrate 1 sol 1 man- 1 sinew 1 handy 1 grail - first 1 tectonic 1 sake 1 slicker 1 external 1 announced 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 what 'd 1 prey 1 lamentable 1 droll 1 jittered 1 cross 1 gown 1 heed 1 prisoners 1 patterns 1 sweet 1 weird - looking 1 uncurling 1 monster 1 americana 1 parked 1 polynesia 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 hangers - on 1 information 1 odyssey 1 venture 1 wallet 1 rust 1 chronic 1 winking 1 stamp 1 hat 1 deathly 1 delivered 1 misery 1 mountains 1 snarl 1 qualified 1 shapes 1 dappled 1 asia 1 horn 1 zoologists 1 crabbed 1 fruition 1 ugly 1 doctor 1 stair - case 1 shifted 1 brusque 1 untangling 1 knows 1 plates 1 jungles 1 begged 1 teetered 1 stool 1 waived 1 victim 1 top - dollar 1 filmmakers 1 hooked 1 intelligently 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 blind 1 town - orren 1 poling 1 crumbs 1 annoyance 1 perilously 1 recall 1 patches 1 ached 1 treatises 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 marquee 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 pasture 1 making 1 west 1 goop 1 1762 1 screen 1 textured 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 carnal 1 viciously 1 registered 1 indifference 1 rub 1 defense 1 crowning 1 plastic - sheeted 1 glee 1 anthracite 1 pitiless 1 maze 1 misty 1 busier 1 students ' 1 secured 1 grizzled 1 megalomaniacal 1 chatted 1 increasing 1 decadence 1 carnation 1 degrees 1 uproariously 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bunkers 1 behold 1 collapsed 1 receiver 1 tall 1 hoo 1 unfortunately 1 tumbledown 1 full - color 1 charcoal 1 devil 1 almost 1 evasively 1 streetlights 1 winters 1 lately 1 partitioned 1 deserted 1 circle 1 solitude 1 uncomprehendingly 1 contain 1 revolutions 1 cast 1 crucifix 1 customs 1 affiliations 1 sultry 1 hit 1 glimmered 1 science 1 getaway 1 m 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 scraped 1 shoulders 1 fronts 1 tip 1 indulgence 1 movies 1 stagger 1 middle 1 transformation 1 summon 1 neurology 1 applied 1 antlers 1 mist 1 concert 1 barren 1 elections 1 want - ad 1 crew 1 aimlessly 1 throws 1 specialties 1 squeezed 1 clothes 1 failing 1 occupation 1 woods 1 tomorrow 1 society 1 hiding 1 performers 1 forced 1 contented 1 focus 1 begin 1 disfigured 1 hue 1 dotted 1 aspect 1 likely 1 pebble 1 brushfires 1 smoldering 1 mournful 1 discuss 1 struck 1 selling 1 sighed 1 yellowing 1 somebody 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 mangrove 1 garage 1 politically 1 merry 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 suit - jackets 1 presence- 1 guests 1 drinks 1 remove 1 watercolors 1 veined 1 ditch 1 emerge 1 escape 1 savvy 1 impeccable 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 older 1 buzzing 1 racing 1 lag 1 sleek 1 gables 1 wing - backed 1 ties 1 filters 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 subside 1 frighten 1 reef 1 shone 1 scooped 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 design 1 petunias 1 uneasily 1 posh 1 stripping 1 abyssal 1 paintings 1 occurred 1 jabbed 1 blurred 1 spindly 1 northern 1 incognito 1 term 1 cannon 1 assertion 1 drone 1 indicative 1 confined 1 friendly 1 quit 1 what 's 1 crackled 1 mutely 1 petrified 1 real - life 1 view 1 northwest 1 ship 1 discovered 1 sit 1 scowls 1 aftermath 1 fearsomely 1 blackmailed 1 blue - gray 1 obligatory 1 fractured 1 impending 1 merged 1 cottage 1 frosted 1 breaker 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 earnest 1 disciple 1 inscrutable 1 walter 1 halted 1 buckled 1 encased 1 shipped 1 holes 1 warmth 1 office 1 burroughs 1 news 1 so - called 1 polished 1 potential 1 snuck 1 gaped 1 bitters 1 roused 1 powerless 1 dishes ' 1 columbian 1 carved 1 cab 1 pool 1 fascination 1 linked 1 blacks 1 dragging 1 halls 1 divided 1 approaching 1 genesis 1 sank 1 meant 1 killer 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 royals 1 walnut 1 roam 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 moldy 1 stratospheric 1 prominent 1 abandoned 1 santa 1 masked 1 back - wards 1 brackish 1 traveled 1 pint 1 unique 1 highways 1 military 1 warrants 1 duskier 1 gaze 1 subdued 1 moore - head 1 figure 1 unresolved 1 makeup 1 hosed 1 chief 1 lanky 1 cane 1 mileposts 1 mill 1 hungarian 1 impatiently 1 congregation 1 genteel 1 may 1 copper 1 goddess 1 medicinal 1 emissaries 1 hall 1 gravel 1 attached 1 hers 1 immediate 1 nothingness 1 novel 1 extraordinary 1 graveyard 1 moonlight 1 wardrobe 1 spires 1 predate 1 incongruous 1 rearing 1 engagements 1 hesitated 1 casual 1 jesus 1 supercolony 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 clandestine 1 effected 1 clicked 1 comparative 1 crimson 1 remember 1 summoned 1 guilt - crazed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 universal 1 coastal 1 quentin 1 softball 1 roustabouts 1 proved 1 similarities 1 identical 1 event 1 stern 1 frictionless 1 presume 1 taxidermists 1 chiffon 1 slowly 1 ruin 1 included 1 bared 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 rot 1 hefty 1 cribbage 1 pressure 1 manifold 1 admit 1 animals 1 makes 1 eschewed 1 bled 1 sweater 1 sadder 1 boulevard 1 sheds 1 folded 1 soberly 1 quest 1 aboard 1 thunderheads 1 schematic 1 gaunt 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 1890s 1 filmmaking 1 ceo 1 gears 1 yellow - gray 1 pay 1 hidey 1 believes 1 mover 1 kilometers 1 fascinations 1 tension 1 behavioral 1 slammed 1 doggedly 1 fondly 1 toast 1 jam 1 greens 1 undertaken 1 ha 1 standing 1 pensioner 1 champ 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 evidence 1 fame 1 fronted 1 nadine - she 1 plugged 1 easy 1 basically 1 repellant 1 tortoise 1 rise 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 beating 1 bother 1 button - up 1 barbecued 1 ruined 1 deforested 1 rumbling 1 ballroom 1 charismatic 1 gypsy 1 device 1 brawn 1 fibers 1 slacks 1 page 1 pockets 1 overwhelmed 1 like- 1 somebody 's 1 reeds 1 enamored 1 carapaces 1 wasteland 1 compulsion 1 formidable 1 pall 1 edge 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 container 1 repositories 1 talent 1 mrs 1 rooster 1 here - dried 1 gaps 1 crystallize 1 cancelled 1 coagulated 1 ward 1 horseshit 1 slicks 1 stags 1 engagement 1 convenience 1 floated 1 dining 1 instantly 1 ashen 1 rancid 1 son 1 handsome 1 human 1 you 'll 1 classical 1 canteen 1 producers 1 eyed 1 lotus 1 violently 1 cabinets 1 accustomed 1 wrung 1 scientific 1 fermented 1 flies 1 planks 1 monica 1 avuncular 1 cell 1 cry 1 slopped 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 crickets 1 string 1 secretary 1 lem me 1 dominant 1 ledgers 1 foggiest 1 animated 1 bunk 1 cousteau 1 edged 1 curse 1 politely 1 lightning 1 tin 1 interviews 1 testosterone - glutted 1 ribbed 1 summit 1 resin 1 jefferson 1 flower 1 wagons 1 lamentably 1 drooled 1 medication 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 grant 1 lizards 1 jaguar 1 shooting 1 library 1 reptiles 1 words 1 renting 1 interpreters 1 inscrutably 1 infinitely 1 apple 1 mahogany 1 okinawa 1 windowsills 1 shrunk 1 seats 1 hallmark 1 minutes 1 tentatively 1 corpse 1 hired 1 forces 1 alien 1 worthless 1 cinematography 1 rocking 1 veranda 1 yammered 1 drops 1 rusty 1 inconspicuously 1 late - night 1 grabbed 1 facility 1 whilst 1 spiral - shaped 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 flicking 1 studios 1 drip 1 youthful 1 lackadaisically 1 johns 1 harshly 1 trafficked 1 fool 1 knackered 1 softened 1 established 1 hopscotched 1 handyman 1 searching 1 message 1 thicker 1 overlooking 1 belly 1 mosquito 's 1 idiot 1 kyla 's 1 surveillance 1 wicker 1 pelted 1 perform 1 cervix 1 squirt 1 discarding 1 efficiency 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 bet 1 nearby 1 gooseneck 1 moved 1 effect 1 revolved 1 ridiculously 1 ufos 1 56 1 greasy 1 backs 1 amidst 1 bahamas 1 sudden 1 coli 1 sayin ' 1 perspective 1 rooftops 1 reunion 1 trying 1 aloof 1 major 1 knack 1 clapped 1 sugar - spun 1 above 1 help 1 hammock 1 consciousness 1 snow 1 modest 1 ago - guess 1 temperate 1 mighty 1 waterway 1 cozy 1 matters 1 pinpoint 1 charges 1 sinewy 1 broadway 1 sore 1 orbiting 1 smoky 1 spastically 1 ol ' 1 cracked 1 unbearable 1 choked 1 elaborate 1 breast 1 activity 1 placed 1 presence 1 sincerely 1 peasant 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 perpetual 1 setting 1 shouted 1 jupiter 's 1 jacques 1 spring - loaded 1 truman 's 1 girth 1 warped 1 ended 1 yankee 1 flooded 1 melon 1 situation 1 kyla 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 jungle 1 market 1 colossal 1 vomit 1 guard 1 curl 1 danforth 1 race 1 south 1 sorting 1 ebon 1 rendezvous 1 hopkins 1 top 1 woman - child - ripe 1 somberly 1 beard 1 front 1 star - gazer 1 asking 1 professional 1 directly 1 gristle 1 excuse 1 china 1 wildlife 1 shrunken 1 slides 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 government 1 mustaches 1 holy 1 half - hidden 1 plane 1 plums 1 gardens 1 debt 1 trickled 1 spider 1 liquid 1 convicts 1 fine 1 hunted 1 pace 1 inland 1 jet 1 frequently 1 researcher 1 smiling 1 tea 1 donned 1 men 's 1 sensibilities 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 hubby 1 incoherent 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 daiquiris 1 diluted 1 sliced 1 beluga 1 harrowing 1 encompass 1 empire 1 farewell 1 drenched 1 stare 1 ceramic 1 city 1 trudged 1 maintenance 1 trench 1 dearly 1 umm 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 symmetry 1 positively 1 foil 1 hated 1 tarred 1 seminar 1 condolences 1 crooked 1 mammals 1 knee 1 glistened 1 ahem 1 watery 1 quarters 1 nurseries 1 basketball 1 divans 1 cooper 1 crones 1 sports 1 unkempt 1 grace 1 plus 1 slumbering 1 inhabitants 1 giant 1 ceased 1 need 1 positioned 1 tinsel 1 revolutionize 1 cup 1 outside 1 performed 1 cultists 1 families 1 angled 1 caviar 1 combing 1 lunch 1 herald 1 working 1 cusp 1 knowing 1 cronkite 1 arisen 1 countless 1 difficult 1 sickly 1 truckload 1 indicated 1 dwell 1 documents 1 print 1 lighted 1 telephone 1 claim 1 tears 1 pads 1 mansion 1 comparison 1 bore 1 flick 1 reclaim 1 sluice 1 sizzled 1 diminutive 1 hateful 1 shebang 1 swiftly 1 inherited 1 slunk 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 might ' ve 1 seethed 1 biscuits 1 zoomed 1 condescension 1 support 1 apologetically 1 disinterested 1 ants 1 petroleum 1 skidded 1 trucks 1 crawls 1 car 1 spun 1 portion 1 happens 1 villa 1 flowers 1 lear 's 1 hairpin 1 chilled 1 hours 1 applications 1 volunteer 1 negative 1 fellas 1 wavering 1 hate 1 anyway 1 clean - shaven 1 advice - when 1 sifted 1 below 1 gold - it 1 comforting 1 men - at - arms 1 greatly 1 adventure 1 grade 1 eerily 1 mystery 1 inhaled 1 squeaked 1 recently 1 stirred 1 rebuild 1 accounts - the 1 sad 1 lover 1 fixing 1 lady 1 packs 1 writing 1 faint 1 ticket 1 gingerly 1 dipping 1 chipped 1 raining 1 jar 1 twenty - threeyear - old 1 recesses 1 dented 1 cramped 1 items 1 60s 1 lopsided 1 waters 1 whined 1 steel 1 warrior - daughter 1 whimpered 1 details 1 extended 1 saucer 1 surveying 1 trademark 1 shucked 1 cheekbones 1 trusty 1 blinked 1 forty 1 ominously 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 smack 1 moiling 1 easily 1 subtle 1 ford 1 shortwave 1 ferocious 1 slope 1 pack 1 interminable 1 war 1 quadrants 1 wished 1 profited 1 kiddy 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 canon 1 aardvark 1 earthy 1 producer 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 options 1 tabletop 1 hapless 1 housekeeper 1 wordlessly 1 staff 1 one - armed 1 directions 1 siphon 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 bowl 1 monotonous 1 hunched 1 cauliflowers 1 blue 1 oration 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 sorrow 1 somewhere 1 meal 1 opening 1 rubber 1 buy 1 autumn 1 soldier 1 flailed 1 wit 1 undying 1 nerveless 1 shades 1 with - out 1 doomed 1 breezy 1 every 1 shifting 1 innards 1 isolated 1 model 1 controversial 1 reserve 1 tightened 1 stand 1 pushed 1 swathes 1 legion 1 dewar 's 1 staid 1 care 1 accommodate 1 poorly 1 shuddered 1 permits 1 brass 1 slow 1 rifles 1 highly 1 italian 1 flimsy 1 soil 1 map 1 genial 1 dreamed 1 beside 1 sooner 1 naturalist 's 1 industrial - sized 1 underfoot 1 whiskey - coffee 1 acclaim 1 buzzed 1 artifacts 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 case 1 horned 1 warmed 1 illumed 1 perfunctory 1 andes 1 frequencies 1 silver 1 haze 1 shoe 1 attract 1 sailed 1 lolling 1 coveralls 1 circle - we 're 1 majestically 1 painters 1 fistful 1 looping 1 strode 1 entertain 1 repaired 1 complexity 1 bungalow 1 cooperate 1 smoked 1 labyrinthine 1 graced 1 primitive 1 hood 1 esp 1 circles 1 lesser 1 trace 1 dilettante 1 chill 1 untouched 1 cone 1 east 1 wells 1 yards 1 security 1 suave 1 lightweight 1 station 1 art 1 licked 1 linen 1 anonymity 1 carp 1 truly 1 grandest 1 circa 1 facilitators 1 crows 1 flag 1 citizens 1 seat 1 sprawl 1 ferns 1 thoughts 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 carousel 1 cambrian 1 reservoir 1 answer 1 please 1 deck 1 hack 1 hulk 1 unfinished 1 layer 1 signs 1 dwelt 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 glazed 1 hazelnuts 1 decent 1 burgeoning 1 murky 1 lazy 1 plug 1 japanese 1 belt 1 conductive 1 physically 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 lawyer 1 proclaimed 1 creature 1 built 1 legend 1 grand 1 puts 1 gathered 1 farming 1 monitor 1 rested 1 puffed 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 initial 1 waffles 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 birches 1 shove 1 silverware 1 precarious 1 fit 1 robbers 1 minerva 's 1 discovery 1 awake 1 recognition 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 pandemonium 1 tracing 1 pretended 1 aware 1 radiance 1 purple - tinted 1 chose 1 lead 1 sliding 1 fitted 1 record 1 forgot 1 truth - beasley 1 apples 1 photographic 1 reel 1 high - velocity 1 blouse 1 monkey 's 1 america 1 poker 1 prominence 1 engineering 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 sweats 1 chauffeur 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 thrashed 1 sic 1 cabin 1 itur 1 scarred 1 unclassified 1 stories 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 bastards 1 portions 1 buffalo 1 jotted 1 conducted 1 swirling 1 service 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 beasley - the 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 feeling 1 cigar 1 surmise 1 mon - arch 1 prediction 1 thanks 1 grave 1 swayed 1 circuit 1 void 1 milled 1 shaft 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 sleeve 1 gnash 1 oh - have 1 sagged 1 blood - warm 1 weight 1 stock 1 reality 1 firsthand 1 wheezing 1 finished 1 bucks 1 of- 1 sublime 1 loves 1 folding 1 chores 1 drawn 1 overcame 1 extinct 1 chafe 1 grow 1 bird 1 italy 1 wink 1 squeeze 1 over - grown 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 muscle 1 valuable 1 hardly 1 playfully 1 mission 1 find 1 brief 1 rooms 1 drowned 1 array 1 estimated 1 site 1 love - less 1 year 1 limpid 1 laboratory 1 bettie 1 sprawled 1 shambling 1 nixon - era 1 muscles 1 photos 1 steel - blue 1 soap 1 riveting 1 worst 1 skated 1 transparent 1 rutted 1 gardener 1 cubes 1 conscious 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 saltbox 1 hovered 1 happen 1 bodyguards 1 irregular 1 statesmen 1 slipping 1 migrated 1 some - times 1 ornate 1 compound 1 spurs 1 rain 1 rachel 1 comrade 1 shavings 1 surplus 1 captured 1 joints 1 whining 1 swelled 1 handlebar 1 nonetheless 1 nicked - up 1 acrid 1 ephemeral 1 nice 1 immaterial 1 half - a - dozen 1 methods - scrying 1 timber 1 associating 1 haven't - you 1 whispery 1 whicker 1 owe 1 blond 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 moral 1 miniature 1 ur - progenitor 1 necklace 1 handle 1 equipment 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 hints 1 curtains 1 hennessy 1 deeply 1 vitally 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 owed 1 eccentricities 1 bear 1 cloying 1 satisfaction 1 snuffled 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 disbelief 1 quantity 1 outbuildings 1 doctor 's 1 weeks 1 witches 1 pardon 1 cars 1 gasped 1 amusing 1 spectral 1 bottomless 1 frames 1 independent 1 approached 1 quality 1 eighty - seven - minute 1 hanger 1 intensity 1 raw 1 industriously 1 vision 1 squashed 1 thus 1 cataclysmically 1 daily 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 worms 1 waste 1 described 1 hand - sewn 1 physiologist 1 whiskey 1 thrilled 1 astrobiology 1 named 1 free 1 detested 1 pun - i ' m 1 prison 1 bags 1 scary 1 evolution 1 explanation 1 hour 1 others 1 loose 1 relay 1 tasteless 1 territory - a 1 click - clacking 1 tool 1 sent 1 transition 1 chorused 1 impressive 1 orders 1 you ' ve 1 lacquered 1 guilty 1 gon na 1 pissed 1 somebody - i 1 clay 1 aspects 1 fragile 1 boss 1 ticked 1 spread 1 ass 1 arched 1 bosom 1 broke 1 protest 1 chain 1 longstanding 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 charnel 1 submachine 1 washboard 1 mummified 1 snifter 1 admittedly 1 cousins 1 ad 1 defenseless 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 link 1 grandmother 1 lingered 1 radiant 1 complement 1 lives 1 peer 1 truth 1 sherwood - the 1 flaming 1 weeds 1 roofs 1 bananas 1 trawled 1 shriek 1 slid 1 won 1 clinked 1 fail 1 chocolate 1 savage 1 memorized 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 though 1 attack 1 mottos 1 assuredly 1 prehistoric 1 inextricably 1 secret 1 surf 1 soullessly 1 visited 1 extract 1 motive 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 mixture 1 wisely 1 silk 1 immigrated 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 dodos 1 urgent 1 puppet 1 blurbs 1 squat 1 centered 1 waist - high 1 beetle 1 public 1 mood 1 succumb 1 rumbled 1 yelling 1 x - ray 1 too - warm 1 pattern 1 eastern 1 soothing 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 problems 1 william 1 ponderously 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scientist 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 techs 1 echo 1 sections 1 faces 1 path 1 vines 1 single 1 stout 1 justify 1 trapezoidal 1 observe 1 drew 1 tomb - dark 1 importer 1 roundabout 1 chuckle 1 seaside 1 faded 1 open - back 1 cords 1 shoes 1 normally 1 fourth 1 peeked 1 g-2 1 surroundings 1 namely 1 fred 1 ushered 1 appeared 1 shellac 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 hand - ground 1 compare 1 serrated 1 propped 1 pretending 1 clearly 1 deformed 1 warbled 1 pill 1 tone 1 machines 1 touch 1 spikes 1 barrage 1 alive 1 directors 1 actor 1 within 1 pesticide 1 led 1 imaging 1 concluded 1 covers 1 undeterred 1 solemn 1 exclusive 1 dressed 1 stream 1 myself 1 jellyfish 1 feverish 1 store 1 dreams 1 b - list 1 trip 1 wear 1 luminescence 1 oily 1 pastures 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 machinery 1 spain 1 70s 1 goodly 1 walking 1 tallest 1 bank 1 evolutionary 1 redeye 1 youth 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 concomitant 1 stanford 1 sideways 1 says 1 straightened 1 naturalistic 1 wasted 1 heart 's 1 dissertation 1 blew 1 knees 1 admired 1 brawler 1 ghoul 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 zoology 1 wits 1 whip - cracks 1 duck 1 hamlet 1 idea 1 vegetation 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 confided 1 drowning 1 restrained 1 confirm 1 equal 1 cluster 1 honor 1 oblong 1 concentrate 1 guy 1 gesticulate 1 sixteen 1 docs 1 grandfather 1 astra 1 used 1 entwined 1 steps 1 story 1 nightmare 1 screeched 1 loosely 1 nor 1 scared 1 looks 1 sneak 1 ground 1 housed 1 lab 1 tracked 1 coast 1 dragnet 1 must ' ve 1 flavor 1 stark 1 seltzer 1 chandelier 1 unwise 1 burrow 1 rinds 1 melting 1 otherwise 1 green - lighted 1 desire 1 bunkhouse 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 should ' ve 1 festival 1 afterward 1 purgatory 1 grotesque 1 rushed 1 arthropods 1 darkened 1 a - lab - i 1 nibble 1 facades 1 sign 1 change 1 are n't 1 mavericks 1 cyclopean 1 body - guards 1 newspaper 1 averted 1 thirty 1 realize 1 rests 1 endure 1 sizes 1 sinuses 1 pedipalps 1 lurked 1 magically 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 coasted 1 coppola 1 neglect 1 burring 1 brushed 1 extinction 1 imaginary 1 spill 1 comprehensive 1 fog - wreathed 1 wing 1 objects 1 unknown 1 promising 1 machine 1 enigma 1 names 1 point 1 murderous 1 wail 1 forehead 1 gained 1 actresses 1 rosy 1 verge 1 bulb 1 does n't 1 hoisted 1 gehenna 1 pull 1 fences 1 cached 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 meters 1 association 1 lungs 1 locked 1 marshes 1 fella 1 fancy 1 thoughts - his 1 game 1 maples 1 gripped 1 pariplenata 1 bland 1 sunk 1 swallow 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 nearly 1 snowflakes 1 glitch 1 pure 1 hayricks 1 inevitable 1 so - so 1 eccentric 1 mold 1 australian 1 rich- 1 headlights 1 floral 1 trot 1 ivory 1 flabby 1 stove 1 feminine 1 minute 1 leftovers 1 floes 1 volunteers 1 mercurial 1 try 1 wiry 1 bullet - headed 1 circumstances 1 polish 1 wings 1 stealthy 1 circled 1 vain 1 field - however 1 pigs 1 archives 1 read 1 respects 1 killed 1 cannes 1 translated 1 paint 1 hyperbolic 1 holocaust 1 byways 1 champagne 1 adrenaline 1 squirm 1 psychedelic 1 scattered 1 skyscrapers 1 care - fully 1 maui 1 present 1 ruggedly 1 dryly 1 starlet 1 subdue 1 headed 1 that 'll 1 bathed 1 exultation 1 sweetheart 1 extraordinaire 1 amid 1 ate 1 lured 1 reminiscent 1 weather 1 flare 1 um - hmm 1 expanses 1 health 1 languorous 1 supposed 1 governor 1 gradually 1 coops 1 reign 1 sang 1 crucible 1 skies 1 predawn 1 thinner 1 ventured 1 fastening 1 task 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 senses 1 gently 1 jelly 1 academy 1 scowled 1 adult 1 accident 1 dicey 1 seem 1 glance 1 inhospitable 1 horn - rimmed 1 massive 1 stage 1 thompson 1 clung 1 extremely 1 too - short 1 drab 1 setup 1 shingle 1 revelations 1 sneaked 1 misadventures 1 segue 1 terminated 1 blank 1 membership 1 steel - they 1 surreptitiously 1 raise 1 affair 1 opens 1 tread 1 completely 1 bentley 1 songs 1 lines 1 homes 1 acid 1 bloodthirsty 1 poster 1 loneliness 1 scaled 1 minus 1 caromed 1 imprecations 1 imagery 1 sloshing 1 sleeping 1 tube 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 powerhouse 1 obsidian 1 cavalry 1 humans 1 loyal 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 bout 1 origins 1 stacks 1 overboard 1 contribution 1 spots 1 intelligent 1 iced 1 microscopic 1 daredevil 1 cream 1 show- 1 pronto 1 immediacy 1 emotions 1 crossed 1 old - timers 1 super - sixteen 1 rear 1 instincts 1 listen 1 brown 1 bought 1 hopped 1 spectrum 1 fur 1 foundation 1 principles 1 sabers 1 hips 1 scapulae 1 ridge 1 football 1 underground 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 informed 1 railing 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 person 's 1 demands 1 remained 1 live 1 counter 1 soul 1 freshener 1 collage 1 pupils 1 success 1 rotor 1 checked 1 prawns 1 minerals 1 vases 1 team 1 shitter 1 anne 1 modifications 1 picture 1 moods 1 seriously 1 financiers 1 totally 929 .
he was some 19th century millionaire , made all his money in timber and newspapers .
harold carried agwa through the shafts until they reached another small cavern that had been walled off with strong timber .
then she tightened her grip on the chunk of timber .
colleen dropped her timber , leaped onto the running board , and hung onto the top of the door with both hands .
it was now rotted to the soul of the timber , though someone had decided to salvage whatever he could .
straight ahead past the dumpsters was a tangled mess of underbrush gone wild , and helter skelter piles of rotten timber and other demolition trash .
reports ranged from it being a normal sized timber wolf that had escaped from london zoo , to a seven foot tall monster that no one could explain .
it looked like someone had gathered a mound of firewood , but some of the timber seemed larger than the rest , like whole tree branches instead of twigs .
he recalled the cool spring day with a vivid clarity , the raucous clatter of hatchets that originally drew his attention , the subsequent crackle of timber as one of the shuns finest made its way to the ground .
these men used long , metal poles to roll the timbers over thick , brown ropes , tying the ropes across the timbers and securing the lines to the horses , whipping the poor beasts until they dragged the logs to a destination outside the forest .
( 3 ) the town was small , a series of humble wooden shacks surrounded by a horse paddock of barn board fencing and the sight brought to mind where such timber had come from .
when all of them had emerged from the tents , in fresh clothing , a pile of dry timber had been mixed with grass clippings in the fire pit .
tobey turned and , after surveying the area surrounding the pool , snatched up a couple of dried out pieces of timber that had fallen to the ground .
its dials were ivory , and between them was a clock , ticking each second with the dry snaps of timber burning with the fireplace .
needing a way to tame her land , sandra sold the timber .
the timber sales lined her pockets .
tsuba eventually looked up and nodded approvingly at the heavier timber , that 's good !
richard muttered to himself as he again trudged back into the woods , it took a little while for his eyes to adjust to the darkness and he had to go further to find suitable pieces of timber .
when the tent was in position tsuba quickly started sorting through the timber that richard had fetched , some of it he placed immediately onto the fire , the rest was stacked neatly inside the tent ' to dry out , we have to keep the wood as dry as possible .
still heavily forested , with some areas still being virgin timber , it had been set aside a century ago as a state park .
they would need to cut down a lot of the timber , to use it for a large rough log house .
mueller was part owner of the gs amp ; wm rail line as well as a lumber potentate who owned millions of acres of prime timber , and the men who were playing poker around an oilcloth - covered table in the dollar that night were part - time lumbermen , part - time railroad bulls , and full time trouble .
stephen bowie , a timber baron who lived on west broadway , donated the clock to the town at a cost of some $ 17,000 .
crane bought the land because good timber was plentiful , and derry , where timber could be floated downriver to the sea , was only twenty miles away .
crane bought the land because good timber was plentiful , and derry , where timber could be floated downriver to the sea , was only twenty miles away .
sparrow construction had fitted the bank out beautifully with timber appropriately polished with beeswax .
torched it , the entire building , people running and screaming , things exploding , a vast conflagration that had michael and redbear grinning like cheshire kittens , their clothes on fire and their soles melted as they ran and screamed with engineers and producers , charging up and down corridors waving flaming swivel chairs and brandishing charred coffee percolators , the fire they brought engorged on non - flame retardant drapes , blinds and furnishings , spreading outward from its studio source and swallowing timber , cracking glass , melting plastic , until all that was heard was a roar , what michael would later think of as a cheer , a celebration of a freedom bought with heat and violent gas reaction , the broadcasting paraphernalia it consumed bringing a quiet and a calm to the lobes of those afflicted by the stations previous vacuous outpourings , misrepresented as entertainment and delivered with an unappetizing sluggishness , a complacent lack of adventure , a lip - service to choice and a sneer , just barely disguised , at the innocent folk who had to stomach it all yes !
i mean the standing timber is all native , and that alone is worth millions , even if they only cleared a fraction of the estate . ''
passageways unused for decades by those who harvested the forest 's pristine timber , filled with the swirling dawn fog , carried me deeper into the hinterland .
clarence stood with his hands behind his back , lee waved his hand as he strolled on , he had nt gone far when he heard a loud crack and groan of timber , there was the sound of a falling tree that hit the ground with a thud .
it was in keeping with its surroundings , kedron being an established suburb of older homes modest low - set timber or high - set gabled queenslanders .
charles gave them some clothes and led them to an air conditioned room filled with people trading on computer screens , dealing in commodity futures such as gold , timber , silver , wheat , crude oil and weather derivatives .
just before dark , we took high lookout positions , and although nothing showed itself close enough to shoot , we did see several elk cross between patches of timber in a valley below .
atalanta 's father 's house was the last building before the old town began , down a slope of trees some young and upright but some still toppled and deposited by the historic deluge , heaps of brown timber now nearly hidden in the grass , and the two of them sitting on a foundation scraped clean years ago by a wall of water but now dry and bare and quiet in the sun and the ghosts of abandoned buildings hiding under trees not far in the distance , hollow , some in fields now fenced for cattle and valued by no one but animals who sought their shade .
carpenters in babylon tended to work with mud bricks , so technically they were brick layers , but occasionally someone would bring in a load of genuine timber from northern climes .
weekend quickie 37 - when friends are your greatest enemies ( image - fireflies in a jar , element - timber rattler ( rattlesnake ) , emotion - nostalgia ) ` ` chris !
76 ( grudge 8 ) - a pink fairy armadillo , a mason jar , mount st . helen , a wii u 77 - a suit of armor , a pitchers mound , gluten free , lockes socks 78 - a poodle , a thimble , an alarm , birds as characters weekend quickie 24 - image - girl playing piano in ' room tornado ' , element - wolf , emotion - a change of heart weekend quickie 25 - image - marie laveau 's house of voodoo , element - mardi gras beads , emotion - curiousity weekend quickie 26 - image - meteor / comet over stonehenge at night , element - a message in a bottle , emotion - intrigue weekend quickie 27 - image - woman sitting on bed with a bear , element - a handsome newspapermans birthday , emotion - a feeling of anxiety brought on by the omission of a comma weekend quickie 28 - image - el rancho motel and restaurant sign at night , element - an arrowhead , emotion - serendipity weekend quickie 29 - image - palne docked on a pier on a beach , element - 5 iron writers , emotion - wanderlust weekend quickie 30 - image - highway 2 sign towards tijuana , element - yellow scorpion , emotion - indecision weekend quickie 31 - image - steampunk zepplin , element - bacon , emotion - optimism weekend quickie 32 - image - bakery , element - coconut cake for easter , emotion - inspired devotion weekend quickie 33 - image - tornado , element - the far away sound of someone singing , emotion - denial weekend quickie 34 - image - screaming couple with screaming baby , element - a tip from a waitress , emotion - distraction weekend quickie 35 - image - ` ` do n't go in the woods '' sign in the woods , element - an errand for your mother , emotion - suspicion weekend quickie 36 - image - ufo over a beach with girl and boy running , element - dandelion bracelet , emotion - incredulity weekend quickie 37 - image - fireflies in a jar , element - timber rattler ( rattlesnake ) , emotion - nostalgia weekend quickie 38 - image - old woman in a kitchen with floating apples , element - lost shoes , emotion - exuberance weekend quickie 39 - image - ' mermaid ' / shark egg , element - cumerindine , emotion - inspiration from a song on the radio weekend quickie 40 - image - vw campervan at night , element - hitchhiker , emotion - hopeful excitement weekend quickie 41 - image - bowling alley lane and balls , element - a dare , emotion - disenchantment weekend quickie 42 - image - fireworks in washington , element - a feeling of independence , emotion - synesthesia weekend quickie 43 - image - people jumping from cliff into water , element - the summer after junior year at high school , emotion - determination weekend quickie 44 - image - shakespeare and company bookstore in paris , element - an artist , emotion - love at first sight weekend quickie 45 - image - 59th queensboro bridge , new york , element - a chance encounter , emotion - thrill weekend quickie 46 - image - alien baby , element - 5 years later , emotion - denial weekend quickie 47 - image - 2 people with snorkels in a lake , element - iron writer convention , emotion - irony weekend quickie 48 - image - fawn following boz to a standing school bus , element - a forgotten rule , emotion - prescience weekend quickie 49 - image - rollerskating inside venue , element - a saturday afternoon , emotion - intrigue other work by dani j caile all books are available on amazon ' dani 's shorts ' ( volume 1 ) ' dani 's shorts ' is a collection of 500 word short stories based on the elements given in the iron writer challenge .
as the family sat around the big dining table made from timber milled on the property he was comforted to know that even though lanterns and candles adorned the table , they were for atmosphere .
the corporation that was ed 's new boss would suffer terribly in the event that this country should happen to run out of loggable timber , but it would not do so for many years .
of worsted joskin n. ( sl ) bumpkin , dolt jarrah n. durable timber from western australian mahogany gum tree jambres magician of pharaoh who imitated miracles of moses ( 2 .
like i say , he works in timber and gardening , not shelving and screws .
it was one large , log cabin , obscurely built , with timber logs protruding from the structure in every direction like the backside of a hedgehog .
the structure of the timber was luscious , with each tip of every log pointing like the needle of a compass , scattered in every direction .
odil had felled the trees and worked the timber .
the woodsmen stopped again to make a meal of bread and cheese spiced with vinegar , joking and throwing acorns at one another before returning with renewed vigour to the tasks of marking and cutting , the strongest amongst them dragging whole trees to the river where they were floated downstream the short distance to the mill , the best timber selected and the remainder burned for charcoal .
the buds that she had to get right up close to to see in january and february were now fat and colorful , pink and pale green and yellow , creating a cloud of lace around the graceful limbs of trees and the tangle of low - growing bushes that grew up in the patches of light , where the taller trees had been cut for firewood and timber to build cabins .
heres a nice un with good runnin gear and good solid timber on the bed .
that s the timber companies doing , but of course they use propaganda to say its the greens who are robbing them of their livelihood .
she found out about old pat who clear - cut the timber on his land to sell and made everyone so angry at him that he had to move to north carolina .
and sara learned that when old ruby adkins finally died just short of a century , seven of her eight children wanted to sell the family farm , all 600 acres of good timber and cropland and take their share of the money to places like roanoke , virginia or baltimore , even as far as rhode island , leaving their eldest brother , robbie , homeless , not even knowing what to do with his share of the cash .
although heretofore gene had never enjoyed gardening and did not particularly like vegetables , the french beds that he had built ten years before in response to a request from maryellen , had all new landscape timbers .
i took the binoculars , held them to my eyes , and sifted the view through the timber and green .
plenty of dry timber i can strip for wood .
these looked especially menacing to billy the way they slithered in and out of the timber like a snake .
as the sheep turned toward the tractor , they caught sight of the dogs and fled into the timber out of billys sight .
he had been veering off into a cut in the timber toward the creek .
wispy old mans beard moss decorated the lower branches , turkey tail fungi pasting themselves like sconces on timber .
i d borrow a few pieces of timber where they were nt noticed , skid the sections out of tight spots with a team of draft horses borrowed from this old farmer down in the flats the way the old guys used to .
he told her the facts about cannon and the bigfoot suit , establishing harmons intent to steal timber , employing the word accident frequently and providing fictional detail on how horrible cannon felt afterward .
randal threaded past empty tables with inverted chairs lifted on top , legs pointing heavenward like a dead forest of elf - sized timber .
deeper he dug , by ramming the bayonet in with both hands he forced chunks and splinters of timber free .
@ further along the wharf the old man was making his boat fast to one of the uprights of timber which had been piledriven in to the riverbed to anchor the structure against the strong tides .
a single candle burnt lighting up bulwarks of timber , stanchions , great chests , kegs and barrels which filled the hold all around them .
the terror of the old man and child was horrible to see , davey moved back out and watched as the snake began tearing strips of timber from the planking , spitting out great splinters as it bit its way forwards .
he was labouring with the giant , carrying a length of timber from an abandoned house .
@ as davey spoke they watched the giant climb down the well with a plank of timber resting , end on , upon his shoulders , the free end scraped against the sides of the shaft as he descended .
the twisted timber fails , unworthy for building or beauty it becomes suitable only for kindling , to burn in an inferno .
when the timber had run out i carried on .
he asked , and i said yes , my mind dogged by images of the crazed man hurling flaming timber into the night sky .
each autumn he would gather and split timber to heat the place with a wood burning stove .
deeper emotions eventually set down roots , like old - growth timber , over a broad expanse of time .
after a usaf bombing raid that cruelly went awry and bombed the wrong village , a local school , built of aged dry timber and straw , and filled with children , was hit and burst into flame .
such a happy fall of ground , and such timber !
there is some fine timber , but the situation of the house is dreadful .
the meadows must be all laid together , of course ; very pretty meadows they are , finely sprinkled with timber .
it was just a small step to managing the forest and taking out lumber and firewood , and before long we saw that we could do much better if we milled the timber ourselves .
after dinner , the three of them walked through the town that was so much like other towns in eastern ontario that had once been wealthy with mills and agriculture and timber , and now had its ornate architecture filled with boutiques and gift stores and discount outlets .
a big log building with a galvanized roof sat in the center of a huge clearing and the scream of a saw blade turning logs to timber sheared the silence into regular planks of time .
there were dispensaries , herbalists , and medical halls , all made from freshly cut timber , corrugated iron and even paperbark .
despite the ahimsas physical seclusion from the rest of nobunaga society , it was not long before certain warlords began looking to occupy the red forest and stockpile its timber .
once he found them he went as he was ordered into the woods , and he wrapped his chains to this and then that tree and so pulled each after the other to the root , until the evening when his master came with other servants in a wagon to bring the felled timber home .
the house was european - style with furniture made from the rich rain forest timber and large plaited mats of varying textures covering much of the floor .
and where is this timber at the moment ?
and some shifty bastard might have used my name to export a consignment of rain forest timber .
were you shown a copy of the bill of lading for the timber with your name on it ?
it occurred to him that the cargo of timber should have arrived at its destination by now and that would be his first question to the officer when he made his next trip to the holy of holies .
the white man steps forward , this fellow works for me out at the mill and got himself cut on a nail that flew out of a timber we were shaping .
a conniving god warned utnapishtim , who then raised a boat of pitch and timber , loaded with family , goods , and beasts .
` ` jared , i d sooner put a tie on a timber wolf .
he set up his film club in a dilapidated timber mill .
but the business had a limited life since the derelict timber yard had been marked out as the site of the new railway station ; the terminus of the tanzam railway linking the port of dar - es - salaam to the copper belt in zambia .
shed designed some kind of timber processing machinery in her final year , sold it to a logging company , and made a pile of money .
ancient poles of roughly hewn timber extended to the horizon at the abandoned power line .
the forest department had already started selling through auction saal trees , on either side of the planned road , to the timber merchants .
selling out the timber of these trees would cover the cost of clearing and filling the lowland .
resting a while after lunch , he started his unpleasant work again , now much slowly as the crumbs of the hard timber were jutting out like splinters at each stroke of the axe and hitting his bare body .
he struck the bonny part of the tree and the continuous contact of the sharp edge of the axe with the trunk made a series of monotonous sharp sounds that echoed in the forest and snippets of timber started assailing the bare part of his body .
in his youth he could ignore the cuts and bruises made by splinters of timber .
there were then tall saal trees here which had long been cut off by the timber thieves .
two platforms with timber were prepared high up on two adjacent tall trees at the fringe of the forest .
thereafter the large branches and the main body were to be pieced , the main tree and roots uprooted and the timber transported by truck to the saw - mill at siliguri .
the timber industry was just beginning to head into another one of its cyclic downswings and with george back michael was ready to pack - up his family and move on .
though tense as timber , she made no effort to protect herself .
farmsteads were comprised mostly of rough timber and hilly pastures , more suited to grazing cattle and pigs than raising crops .
however foresightful it may have been of the administrators to untether and lock the great gates , and though it aided the police in keeping the men out of the plant , it did mean that those officers called in to keep order found themselves pushed back against an unforgiving wall of brick and timber , offering no easy escape route .
mine is ebony here , and darryl 's is timber .
the coach arrived , driven by darryl , pulled by the four matching greys and his own timber trotting alongside .
taking laura by the hand , tyana took her into it to furnish it to her liking and equip her and marcus with full wardrobes of clothes while darryl introduced marcus to his parents , timber , trigger , lightning , jet , and thomas .
megan , marcus , tyana , and her brothers rode inside , whilst princess , bess , timber , and ebony cantered alongside as escorts .
` ` for someone with no training , '' he said to tyana , as they lounged against a tree near the paddock where ebony and timber were being groomed by dusty and darryl , ` ` you ' ve done remarkably well .
forest fires in the northwest were consuming valuable timber , and the forest service was nt very picky about who they hired .
his father had spent his whole life working with the timber of these mountains and it seemed to rick a fitting tribute that he work to protect the trees that provided that timber .
his father had spent his whole life working with the timber of these mountains and it seemed to rick a fitting tribute that he work to protect the trees that provided that timber .
it was the road crew coming to clean up the load of timber .
as the street rose slightly it became more familiar again and tobin remembered some of the shops , the little timber merchants was still there and the tool shop , where was the record shop he remembered with such affection ?
they might even avoid the necessity of selling their timber altogether .
he let the images wash over him slowly : the night they celebrated jeremy passing his bar exams , jeremy helping him unload some antique timbers for the cottage , eyran asking for a ride in the sports car he 'd bought to celebrate the first major account of his new agency , the surprise on jeremy 's face when he turned up in the hospital with a half bottle of scotch in his coat pocket the night eyran was born .
the blood ran in a river and dripped onto the aging timber .
the farm lands produce wheat , corn , oats , rye , and cotton for harvest , cattle , sheep , horses , chickens , and hogs for good eats , a green forest of timber for an active sawmill .
laughter buzzed through the room like a chain saw slicing timber .
he peered over and thought he could see the remains of a pier , or at least pieces of timber sticking out of the water .
strong women who stood beside their men as they settled the louisiana coast and spread northwest into texas , carving lives and homes for themselves and their children out of swampland and brushy timber .
making , losing , and regaining fortunes in the cotton and timber industries .
what were you doing on timber road ?
she saw the blank look on my face and said , ` ` dad used to train timber horses and steeplechasers .
the most i ever earned was three fifty an hour , dropping timber for georgia pacific .
amongst other abuses , he had arranged trade between the maroons on the uplands and the merchants below , in the form of bird skins , snakeskins , and other exotica , timber from the upland forests , and so on - but had , by report , accepted payment on behalf of the maroons but failed to deliver it .
the land around it was thick with hardwoods , valuable timber seth had mortgaged repeatedly and parlayed into wealth .
he said he was in the lumber and timber business , owned some sawmills in alabama , a factory here and there , and gave the appearance of a man who was successful .
` ` he owns some land and has always dabbled in timber .
she said there were rumors that seth was back in the timber and lumber business , but she did n't know much . ''
freed from the legal profession , he went into the timber business and it 's safe to assume that 's where he met seth hubbard .
i was working there , buying timber , and that 's how i came to know seth .
more factories , more lumber mills , more timber leases .
over the past ten years or so , seth bought about three dozen companies , primarily furniture plants in the south , some of which he moved to mexico , but also lumber yards and sawmills , along with thousands of acres of timber .
unnamed sources whispered that mr . hubbard had once had extensive holdings in lumber , furniture , and timber rights throughout the southeast .
` ` he did well in furniture and timber . ''
once inside and just past the main gate , office buildings were to the left and acres of raw timber were to the right .
seth preferred to be on the road , checking his factories , his timber , running after his deals , flying to mexico to open another furniture plant .
the hottest thing we ' ve got is that the timber industry in dalarna is reporting a boom , and there was a robbery in norrkoping in which one person was injured . ''
to contractors , people who bought or delivered timber , joiners , machinists , all sorts . ''
a mention was made of utilizing the species in the timber and pulp industries due to its fast growth and low production cost .
made of unfinished timber , it looked like a fairy cottage , delicate and sturdy all at once , like a handcrafted home out of a fantasy movie .
the angel followed behind the girl as she picked timber for the evenings fire for cooking .
big chunks of timber were scattered on the floor , as if they 'd been swept from the carefully stacked pile that took up more than half the shed .
its happiest a little higher up , right along where timber starts .
eventually he came to an open slope where the timber turned to sagebrush .
the lodge was built from a rich dark timber , the windows tall , perfectly clean .
both my granmas snore like they was semi - trucks haulin timber down a mountain road .
such transfers were appropriate as the dossier provided by his department stated that the formidable repository , which featured approximately thirty four thousand square feet and occupied an entire block of real estate , housed timber .
as they navigated the paved path and approached the rear parking lot , the smell of burning timber infused the crisp autumn air , and her stomach began to quaver .
green grass , blue ceiling , timber for town halls , fruit for trees , water for wells , you name it .
there was the little table grandpa built from timber , which i used for sweet tea .
it was a timber rattlesnake . ''
` ` we 're going to need to replace the timber . ''
several acres of timber had already been cleared and piles of miscellaneous infrastructure materials , like conduit and culverts , were stacked in neat rows .
the smell of burning timber , pine needles and scorched earth swirled in gusts around us , but the fire had nt managed to cross the pavement that separated it from mamma and daddys business .
` ` i called the clinic in big timber .
he followed us , lights flashing , to big timber .
amongst other abuses , he had arranged trade between the maroons on the uplands and the merchants below , in the form of birdskins , snakeskins and other exotica , timber from the upland forests , and so on - but had , by report , accepted payment on behalf of the maroons but failed to deliver it .
huge stacks of timber filled the yard , the sprinklers spraying them with water .
waiting in the small reception area , she gazed out the window over the massive yard , stacked with row upon row of timber .
i was in good shape , but a timber wolf could run me into the ground any day .
the house itself was two - story , made of timber and rock so that it blended into its surroundings , not so big as to attract notice but large enough that he could be comfortable .
here , at the mouth of grays harbor , the economy is obviously based on timber and the sea , and both industries seem faded or failing .
it is the kind of home that the timber barons built at the turn of the century .
salmon and timber became the local industries , and for a few decades the town prospered .
i 'd been right to gauge the dosage for an alaskan timber wolf .
` ` your van is n't going to carry twelve - foot timber , and i ca n't loan you the truck because of liability issues . ''
` ` well , we have timber rattlers in south carolina but they 're rare .
steve had sworn he would never allow her to use him again , yet his arguments burned away like dry timber in a forest fire .
she tried to compose her mind for sleep , but without the distractions of company , and with the scent of burning timber strong in the air , memory stole back , and her normal prayers of blessing became pleas for mercy and protection .
i was surprised to see that someone had been cutting timber here , and clearing the ground .
the storeroom was clay brick , but the adjoining kitchen was timber ; damp or not , the place would burn like a torch , leaving nothing but that bloody brick wall standing .
colum had business interests in france ; wine and timber , mostly .
his face was dead white , and he swayed slightly where he stood , like a tree cut through , waiting for someone to shout ` ` timber '' before falling .
` ` we talked between us - sometimes with dougal , sometimes alone - of how the fortunes of the clan might best be maintained ; how peace might be kept among the septs , which alliances could be made with other clans , how the lands and the timber should be managed ... .and then she left , '' he said abruptly , looking down at the broad hands folded on his knee .
thus provided not only with the valuable commodities of timber , pitch , and turpentine but with a convenient means of getting them to market , it was little wonder that river run had prospered , even though it produced only modest quantities of tobacco and indigo - though the fragrant fields of green tobacco through which we rode looked more than modest to me .
river run did a great deal of business with the navy , it seemed , judging from jocasta 's conversation ; masts , spars , laths , timbers , pitch , turpentine , and tar .
the majority of river run 's revenues were , as jocasta had told us , derived from the sale of its timber and turpentine products , the largest and most profitable customer being the british navy .
the dark took away all sense of perspective ; the stacks of fresh timber were pale rectangles that seemed to float above an invisible ground , first distant , then suddenly looming close enough to brush my skirts .
fresh resin still oozed from the timber by my head , in small gold droplets that glowed like honey and smelled of turpentine , sharp and clean .
the plantation , the timber , the sawmill ... '' ` ` but i do n't want it ! ''
normally , he paid attention only to such vegetation as was immediately comestible by horse or man , sufficiently straight - grained to serve for planks and timbers , or so obstructive as to pose difficulty in passage .
` ` better they be hunting homesteads , and timber for houses , '' mrs . macleod said , hoisting a baby onto her shoulder and patting its back .
i supposed it was reasonable for him to have been invited , as his majesty 's navy was the principal buyer of river run 's production of timber , tar , and turpentine , and lieutenant wolff was the navy 's representative in such matters .
we had hay and timber - though so did everyone else - and my honey and beeswax .
chopping down a tree for timber was straight - forward ; girdling it seemed somehow mean - spirited , if practical , leaving the tree to die slowly , unable to bring water from its roots above the ring of bare , exposed wood .
a good deal of the prosperity of river run depended upon its naval contracts for timber and tar ; lieutenant wolff had in fact been the naval liaison responsible for such contracts .
what about these timber trades ?
they 'd been studying logging practices , the new federal formulas for how much timber could be taken , the dismal financial picture for mills and logging communities .
hell - i mean , heck - they 're selling timber for practically nothing , anyway !
` ` and if we sell the timber for as much as private landowners , more loggers will go out of business , and lumber will get so expensive people wo n't be able to afford to build houses .
had i not known it was there , i would have thought it was a thick wall of bush and forgotten timber .
it was n't just davencourt , the center jewel ; it was stocks and bonds , real estate , factories , timber and mineral rights , banks , even restaurants .
i cut enough timber to pay for the land and then built the house and had the pond dug . ''
he still had more work to do on the west side , and as he 'd put the tools away earlier he 'd made a mental note to call and have some more timber delivered .
he kept him in school and afterwards made him come to the timber yard where he worked , to haul and stack wood .
but he continued to go to the timber yard every day simply because his father was there , and in the evenings he would read the works of whitman and tennyson aloud as his father rocked beside him .
although he was quiet , years of heavy lifting at the timber yard helped him excel in sports , and his athletic success led to popularity .
the home , he learned , had been built in 1874 by horace middleton , a captain who 'd made his fortune shipping timber and tobacco .
` ` the state bought it from one of the big timber companies - weyerhaeuser or georgia - pacific or something like that - when i was a little girl .
they spent a few minutes looking around the yard , watching timber being loaded onto platforms , and on their way back through town , jeremy pointed out where they 'd be filming later .
i have a keen interest in timber , chips and bio fuels . ''
they were the ones who 'd always owned the land and farmed the crops and sold the timber and established the businesses ; they were the powerful , invisible undercurrent in a town that had always been theirs .
please , '' i beg her , pleading with everything i have , because that 's how much i hate the bad place and pessimistic dr . timbers .
salmon runs had diminished and the timber industry had been hit hard .
years ago , when the timber and commercial fishing industries had hit hard times , the town fathers had decided to play up the victorian cuteness of the town .
this was where the old - timers lived , men who 'd once worked in the timber mills or on the fishing boats .
` ` of the timber family ? ''
if i had to guess , i 'd say it 's something to do with cutting timber , but if that was the final jeopardy !
it seemed as if he 'd been gone hours before she spotted his familiar form coming toward her with an armful of timber and the coffeepot somehow anchored to his gun belt .
she asked , holding up the environmentally correct card depicting the endangered timber wolf on the front .
just as she neared the end of the last block and began to look for a place to turn around , she saw a sign with an arrow pointing to the right that read parking for timber lake inn .
instead of the liveried uniform he might have worn at a larger hotel , however , he was dressed in khaki shorts and a polo bearing the logo of the timber lake inn stitched on the breast pocket .
` ` welcome to the timber lake inn .
kendall had been waiting for stephen in the dining room of the timber lake inn for fifteen minutes when she looked up at the restaurant 's entrance once more , hoping to see her new employer there , and instead saw matthias .