` ` there 's maple syrup , ketchup and hot sauce if you want it , '' he said nodding toward the end of the table .
i poured a little maple syrup on the plate and tasted it on my finger .
combined with the maple syrup , i could have lived on that alone for a year .
she pointed at the birds winging from branch to branch in the japanese maple tree .
next thing you know she 'll have me growing hybrid roses and japanese maples and loving every moment of it .
i even have japanese maples . ''
` ` the secret ingredient is maple syrup .
shooting for nonchalance , i grabbed the maple syrup and poured some onto my plate .
` ` there 's silver maple , elm , mulberry , hickory , sumac , honey locust .
in celebration of a peaceful resolution and three gallons of maple syrup ?
lola joins the girl pile and i hear ansel say something about getting a video camera and maple syrup .
guy ignored my comment , grabbed my hand , which turned me to warm maple syrup , and started toward rosa 's cabin .
my eyes followed the vertical columns of maples to a deliciously colourful display of twisting climbers , shrouded with palm - sized purple and white flowers .
` ` or- '' he took my hands again and looked into me with those charming , caramel - colour eyes , melting my heart like maple syrup on pancakes .
` ` that one in the maple is about to turn to dust .
an autumn rainbow of yellow and crimson blesses the maples as they yield their leaves to mother earth .
a waxy film douses the outside world with just enough fog to soften the hard edges of the pines , the needle - like protrusions of the still bald maples .
` ` and '' -i step into her and force her eyes to connect with mine , watery and amber , the color of maple syrup filtered by the sun- '' when i realized you truly did n't ... '' crap .
the night air was edged with frost and the countryside filled with sugar maples that were in full glory , painting the dark sky in shades of gold and crimson .
breakfast consisted of pancakes , butter and maple syrup .
a soft rain began to fall and its delicate touch soon turned the bark on the passing oaks and maples black , making the yellows and oranges of autumn stand out like splashes of paint .
` ` it 's maple syrup . ''
that did n't stop the trees from falling though , and more than once james pushed me aside a fraction of a second before i was brained by an oak or a maple infused with the same fog that had sliced open my leg .
` ` a chocolate doughnut with sprinkles , an apple fritter and a maple bar . ''
` ` i already did and it brings up an address in maple grove and we know they 're not there anymore , since they moved and that damn bitch wo n't tell you where . ''
i go to maple grove for her .
here and there , tall maples and oaks spread their limbs wide , their leaves holding on to the last bright blazes of bloody crimson and pumpkin orange .
she started to sit up , to shove him away to get at her butter and maple syrup .
in the front yard of the house across the street , a small maple was whipping around in an alarming way .
and maple .
if she 'd taste sweet like the maple syrup on her pancakes .
his rich voice oozed through her like maple syrup on rosalita 's pancakes , warm , gooey , and delicious , one taste making her crave so much more .
i would have cut off my own hand for a giant oak or maple right now .
` ` one - one - zero maple drive .
` ` you would n't happen to have a bacon maple bar , would you ? ''
maybe if you 're a good girl i 'll take you to voodoo donuts for a bacon maple bar . ''
` ` the best way to get to the waypoint of the gar , located at the high river , be to go that direction for seventy - two oaks and fifteen maples , making sure to continue in a south - westerly direction . ''
ye must , in fact , go only sixty - one oaks , and fourteen maples , followed by six birch saplings , of course in a south - south west direction .
i opt for pancakes , maple syrup , scrambled eggs , and bacon .
i hunt in the refrigerator and find some maple syrup .
` ` baby , you smell better than apple pie and taste better than maple syrup . ''
` ` sorry , '' i shrug my shoulders and offer , my voice as thick and sweet as maple syrup , matched perfectly with my over the top fake smile .
there were leaves of ginkgo , maple , dogwood , oak , birch and so on .
the light emanated from the maple 's trunk and branches .
if you really want to know she said drawing out the words like maple syrup dripping out of a bottle .
scattered lamps lit up the dark empty paths surrounding the tree as a cold wind rustled the blades of the spongy transgenic grass that surrounded the truck 's base and the hybrid maples leaves .
the yellow , orange , and brown bug flew down , entered zeus park , and landed on a leaf of a transgenic maple .
the transgenic maple was the first , the prime .
i wanted to create a transgenic tree or hybrid that could survive without the sun , so i created this species by genetically modifying a red maple with the extra - genome of a firefly , yielding a tree who s trunk and branches produce its own light .
she refuses to try a bacon maple bar .
i ' ve ordered pancakes with churned butter and maple syrup and coffee . ''
johnny recognized rhododendron , vine maples , huckleberry , and oregon grape vines , all displaying colorful spring finery , mostly in the form of delicate white or yellow blossoms around which flying insects swarmed .
green grass was everywhere , rare in this high desert , plus clusters of familiar cactus and trees such as junipers , cottonwoods , various pines , oaks , maples , and weeping willows .
gus had lead a team in tapping sugar maples , but said the early warm weather would yield a small amount of thin syrup .
at work i went through my usual exercises of stretching , had my coffee and maple bacon doughnut ordered and brought to my office overlooking the assembly room floor and started up my computers , watching and monitoring the screens .
i ordered a tall stack of sugar coated maple syrupy pancakes .
the trees there are more like jenga blocks than maples , however .
the syrup is made from several tree saps that include sugar maple .
roland agreed , but less than fifteen minutes later the land began to slope downward and this old section of the forest began to be invaded with smaller , younger trees : birch , alder , and a few stunted maples scrab - bling grimly in the soil for purchase .
the bird's - eye maple interior of the jet was configured with four leather seats : two facing forward , two toward the tail .
it was autumn by now , and , though the arendish forest consisted largely of evergreens , there were enough groves of maple , birch , and aspen to add vivid reds , yellows , and pale oranges to the vast wood , and there was that faintly dusty smell of autumn in the air .
he pointed at a thick stand of scrub maple about a half mile ahead .
big eyes , like maple syrup .
your window is open and the mouthwatering aroma was too strong for me to ignore , he tells us , still on his maple syrup search .
327 maple drive , right ?
the forestry has been changing to include colorful aspen and rocky mountain maple , but overall the trees have thinned .
as they go , vera presses a huge container of waffles on them , loaded with strawberries , maple syrup and just a dusting of icing sugar .
they went to deal with that situation , when one of the big maples lining the parking lot was struck by lightning , toppling over and landing on a couple cars .
i slowly crawl out like a ladybug that surprising deep ditch and up the slope like a snake upon a smooth level patch of dead pine needles and yellow maple leaves then quickly gun it straight between the columns of tall and short trees consisting of shaggy pines , tall oaks , and short maples but the poor maples do nt get much sunlight crouched between the big story cover oak canopies .
just as i was dribbling maple syrup down a young boys back , i heard a door start to groan and open .
blueberry pancakes , maple bacon and real vermont maple syrup .
eggs benedict , maple bacon , hash browns .
later , my aunt and i spent the evening watching horror movies together and eating maple cookies .
if claudio traveled for many days up the gushing waters , he would reach a land of stalwart oaks and maples ; a land where snow lay on the ground in winter .
i close my eyes , screaming as the huge maple nears .
new leaves were coming in on the elms and maples , crabapples and birches that lined the way .
it was totally surprising and sweet as all hell for those of us who think jumbo is about as interesting as maple syrup on a pizza .
` ` a billion suns in the galaxy , and we 're wiping maple syrup off our fingers .
there are deciduous trees : maples , oaks , elms , lindens , poplars and sycamores .
the old wise one was the oldest and largest coniferous birds eye maple tree of those parts and the tallest .
maple leaf ! ) .
a hillside beyond the houses was thick with lichen - draped bigleaf maple and sitka spruce trees .
two large ravens left their cover in a bigleaf maple and swooped down to land on the muddy ground just behind gordon steel , one on either side of him .
guess what grows on the trunks of the maples ?
if not for the fervent hoof beats along the lanes this last storm of summer would be a blessed change from hot to cool , from green to gold , sapless leaves scuttling through the wet air and baring the branches of the maples and sweet - gums .
in any case , they would n't let ed pop into the donut shop and did n't have the suitable god - given taste to avoid maple donuts .
100 maple drive .
she had amazing tits in a tight white t - shirt and served him up a three - scoop waffle cone with vanilla , maple walnut , and coffee ice cream .
freddie cobb , brother of the deceased , jerry maples , clifton cobb , ed wilburn , morris lancaster , and terrell grist .
i tried to open my hand and let that chunk of rock maple fall , but i 'd been squeezin it too tight and could n't seem to let go .
french toast , maple syrup , coffee .
the time of the camellia was almost past , but here there were occasional bushes of wild camellias in red and white , and there was a profusion of these round a small grove of dwarf maples , some of which already wore their flaming autumn colours .
but she passed it and went on and up to the grove of dwarf maples and camellia bushes .
among the spruce and silver birch there was an occasional oak and beech and sycamore and , here and there , the blazing bengal fire of a maple in autumn dress .
bond walked back through the meadow to the lone maple .
` ` hollis maples is retiring , after a hundred years in the senate .
` ` maples ?
brick paths curved through santa fe 's central plaza , circling the various monuments and winding under a spreading canopy of trees - towering american elms and cottonwoods , firs , maples , honey locusts , and others .
the first to arrive , promptly at seven , was derrick maples , the handsome boyfriend of young angel weese .
angel weese was in love with and planned to marry derrick maples , a strapping young man of twenty - four who was between jobs and between wives .
seated one row behind taunton was derrick maples , making his first appearance at the trial .
he could tell cleve to tell derrick maples to get lost .
he could pay derrick maples $ 25,000 in cash , and he could promise another $ 25,000 for each plaintiff 's vote in the final verdict , assuming there would be at least nine .
at five - thirty , marvis maples presented himself to the jailer and asked if he could collect his brother derrick .
forrest had always called it maple ruin .
there was no television at maple run .
there are old oaks and pines , there are birches like skinny ghosts , there are red maples all of them indigenous to the area but he also sees twisted , rooty growths that look like mutated banyan trees .
on the forest 's edge , yellow poplars had begun to turn gold , and scarlet oaks and red maples would soon set the woods ablaze with their dying leaves .
the branches of the thick evergreens were coated with new snow that sparkled in the snowmobile 's headlights ; but it was the oaks and maples that truly shone , their branches were encased in ice from previous snowfalls that had melted , and they glittered like diamonds when the light hit them .
` ` i ex  pect he 's up to the maples . ''
` ` which way is this maples ?
` ` please , please tell me how to get to this maples . ''
there was no maple syrup in the microwave , but a bottle of corn syrup was warming in a pan on the stove .
trent had a thing for maple candy and pre - turn whiskey , if the stash i found in a lower drawer meant anything .
something about his voice reminded me of warm maple syrup .
when she snaked around the large maple , she skidded to a stop , her eyes widening .
but the elevation was slightly higher here than in the rest of ashland , which meant the maples , oaks , and poplars had already shed most of their colorful leaves .
i made chocolate chip pancakes , smoked maple bacon , cheesy scrambled eggs , whole wheat toast with homemade apple butter , and a sparkling grapefruit punch for eva and owen .
i hunkered down inside the tree line between a large maple with branches that arched up into the sky and a rhododendron with pale pink flowers that drooped in the heat .
stone buildings ringed the open grassy space , and a couple of maples towered up out of the ground , their red- and orange - streaked leaves providing patches of dappled shade that danced over the lawn .
a dozen varieties of maples in brilliant yellows , crimsons , and oranges unfurled like colorful parasols against the green , blue , and gold of the conifers .
` ` hmm ... 12 maple way .
the large maple julian collided with shook from the force of the blow , a large crack lanced up its thick trunk .
today , he was to help with the maple syrup making .
elody : has perfect pitch and the clearest , richest voice you can imagine , like maple syrup pouring over warm pancakes , but does n't ever show off and only sings on her own when she 's in the shower .
` ` come on in , '' herr silverman says , and i follow him to a leather couch over which hangs a huge painting of a bare tree , which gets me thinking about the japanese maple outside my english class and what an a**hole i was to mrs . giavotella , which makes me feel depressed again .
we breakfast on biscuits , maple syrup , and bacon , and then head back out into the current to continue our journey .
a breeze comes up as we turn down main street , shaking the leaves in the maples that line the road so they make a soft , sighing sound .
` ` thank you , dear , '' i say , and dig into the beautifully browned pancakes adorned with melted butter and maple syrup with crispy bacon on the side .
monday morning i was still flying high from the party friday night with alexandra maple and her killer legs that i had a feeling she showed off that night just for me .
as girls , she and thea had spent weekends helping their father mulch and prune , tending his tomato plants , his sage and mint and rosemary , his prized eskimo sunset maple with its pinky - green leaves that flipped over to a speckled jelly - bean lavender .
the leaves of the japanese maple towering over us were just starting to turn purple at their edges .
on the other side of the lake , the ground sloped up gently with a mixed conifer forest of spruce , pine and fir with a few stands of deciduous maples and quaking aspen that came nearly to the waters edge , with small clearings of meadow grass visible here and there .
the oaks and maples , pecans , and river birches have changed over to pines .
give your father my regards , maple smiles , still unconvinced the daughter of a farmer could come up with so much coin for a cure .
1 grade maple syrup .
it led to a newer road which would take him to the south end of the sugar maple orchard .
the naked upper branches of the sentinel sugar maple were visible above the smaller trees .
he knocked the cold powder snow from the maple 's limbs with his toe then leaned his shotgun against one of its spindly branches .
the sugar maple 's 6 foot trunk was lying diagonally across the creek with its top partly down in the far side of the creek to form a dam of sorts partially obstructing the creek 's flow .
she carried hunks of driftwood up from the lake shore , tore the prickly lower limbs off hemlocks , and snapped all kinds of branches from maples , oaks and beeches , both green and dried , all vying for the opportunity to become her scepter .
the trunks of the surrounding maples were rough and corrugated by comparison .
billy maple was one of her first patients , and as well as suffering from severe depression he was delusional .
this part of the great western forest was mainly ancient pines with a few hearty broad leafs scattered among them : aspens , maples , oaks , and elms .
he knew these two quite well ; they were the kings sons , maple and cricket .
exclaimed maple , shaking his head with frustration .
they can be entertaining at this time of year , suggested maple .
no , maple , it was nt me .
come on , its time , declared maple .
maple and cricket launched themselves from the tree and flew silently towards the point of the scream .
nudge knew maple and cricket were hunting him and he felt at least partly responsible for them .
sadly , maple and cricket would never know he had saved their lives .
you see , this tree is no ordinary maple tree .
the leaves on the sugar maple had already started to fall .
scaly - bark cedar , white hickories , red maple , sycamore , sassafras , and black gum trees grew here .
the hickories , maples , and sycamores guarded the perimeter , and as the terrain grew wetter , they gave way to bald cypress and giant tupelo , but if you found yourself that far in , you most likely would n't find your way out again .
linden and maple .
` ` linden or maple .
keeping more of the pigeons in reserve , bagabond shifted her attention to the hordes of squirrels gathered in the lower branches of the oaks and maples lining the road .
she soaked in the flowering oaks , leafy elms , and red and black maples .
` ` i hope you ' ve got real maple syrup . ''
she taught reuben the names of all the trees , how to recognize the california bay tree , and the maple , and how to tell the fir from the redwood , and how to recognize a host of other plants and ferns .
in the maple above , a chickadee flitted from branch to branch , trilling its innocent song : chickadee - dee - dee ; chickadee - dee - dee .
the oaks and maples have lost their leaves and the sky above the fox tends to be leaden .
while the sap was doubtless rising in the huge oaks and maples of the campus , it was hidden under their deep bark .
finally , they came around a sharp point on the little island and found a relatively serene small bay , shielded on the north and south by outcroppings heavily forested with maples and hickories .
therefore , with merely one raised eyebrow , father would drain the truth out of you faster than sap from a spring maple , and our scheme is finished .
since driving the nazi occupation north , the canadian forces had established a semi - permanent presence in campobasso , to the extent that the city was gaining the reputation as canada town or maple leaf city .
stopping for one last munch of a new maple growth , the maple having far too many growths for the mooses aesthetic sensibilities , the moose wandered back onto his path .
stopping for one last munch of a new maple growth , the maple having far too many growths for the mooses aesthetic sensibilities , the moose wandered back onto his path .
would you like to sample any maple syrup or chocolate ?
after all , he had never visited the most photographed covered bridge in the world to verify its lack of supernatural purpose and even though gil had avowed that the maple syrup donuts were out of this world , the silver knight was fairly certain his friend , the squire , spoke in hyperbole and the donuts also contained no supernatural purpose .
he just grabbed his keys and left , leaving that little sign in the window that let people know the shop would nt be open to sell apple cider donuts and maple syrup that day , locking the door and not looking back .
one was the bishop , jerry maple .
oaks and maples were slowly divesting themselves of their summer outfits and preparing for the winter to come .
the sound of the rustling brush and snapping twigs was conu'ng toward him from the southwest , which meant he would n't have to shoot around the trunk of the maple - good - and put him upwind .
' i get irritated with you sometimes , honey , but i still think you re sweet and kind and nice , you will always be my little maple duff and sugar dumpling , no matter where our paths may lead .
` ` she needs her double waffle and maple syrup !
zeke searched once more around her refrigerator as he grabbed her maple syrup .
bazooka : its really fun today they let us have some ice cream , and it was just like normal ice cream but better and it had maple syrup on it and waffles richard : and then they let us go to the park !
my heart momentarily stopped beating and the three pancakes drenched in melted butter and maple syrup i d eaten for breakfast rose up to somewhere around my tonsils .
when japanese maples turn colors in fukuoka , the hues of a thousand burgundy new york knapsacks darken .
penelope moved over against me and leaned her head against my shoulder , just like on the ride away from maple ridge , but everything had been different on that ride .
when i proposed to my wife , i did it at grenadier pond , in high park , not far from the maple tree where i found the book .
yellow shards of late afternoon sun cut through the green of the swamp maples and scrub oaks , the nearly black green of the twenty - foot high rhododendron and the canopy of sumac whose leaves had already begun to turn red from cooler nights .
does the sumac bud before the maple ?
additionally , if not parenthetically , how much maple syrup might i expect from those two sugar maples which your e - mail mentioned are growing at the back of the yard ?
inside the fence is cropped pasture surrounding an island of swamp maples .
fifty yards down the ravine a murder of crows gathered in a big maple that had taken root long ago when the forest thinned , the birds convening their evening meeting , squawking complaints , exchanging news of the day , a horrendous racket .
chapter 27trebuchet resurrection chris attacked the vine maple and brush grown through the trebuchets timber frame with a rusty , blunt axe , which shattered more than cut the foliage .
granular ash rained down from a point in mid air , the shards of the red balloon like the winged seed of a maple corkscrewing for fertile ground .
you can add some honey or maple syrup for taste .
then , as if he were a winged maple seed , with legs whirring around so fast they blurred , he lost his footing and slipped .
jay is so dedicated to leola that he , and i , on summer leave from my job teaching gifted elementary students , relocated from our little house in lansing , michigan , with its well - worn ash floors and backyard japanese maple whose leaves , just then , are a thrilling scarlet .
the sign over a hexagon - shaped ring box fashioned from bird's - eye maple read : clearance sale ! ! !
one maple shed a leaf that drifted by lauras face so she had to only reach out to take it from the air .
chapter fifteen : streams of unconsciousness i woke up early feeling as if rancid maple syrup was covering my whole body .
i find whipped cream , maple syrup , and chocolate milk .
i believed she was my friend and we d always be able to talk about men and life and maple walnut ice cream .
james washed his maple bar down with a swallow of coffee .
alan carefully pushed the vine maple and sticker bushes apart so that he could see through .
he was looking straight at the honorable richard maple .
the landscape consists of tall dark green oaks , light green maples , yellow pines , and red cedar trees , short stubby light and dark green shrubs , hundreds of colorful wild red roses , blue azaleas , orange camellias , yellow daisies , pink petunias , and other flowers .
i like maple walnut ice cream , the color pink and the way wet clay feels in my hands as i shape it into something incredible .
serve with jam or maple syrup .
green pine trees stood among orange - leaved oaks and a few small bright red maples .
we have two large maples in our back yard , and they drop lots of leaves onto the ground , the patio , the goldfish pond , and my canoes .
chapter eight given the health food madness rampant in america , a doughnut shop whose specialty was a bacon maple bar should not have been thriving .
` ` bacon maple bar ? ''
` ` eat your bacon maple bars and i 'll go help the customers , and then maybe we can pick up right where we almost left off . ''
matt made me try each flavor he bought - vanilla , maple , amaretto , chocolate cream .
you 're like maple syrup at his feet . ''
taking me in , he sweeps his hair back revealing eyes the color of maple syrup .
` ` and then there 's the rhubarb maple cheesecake . ''
i looked down at my bar to see a plate that once held something covered with maple syrup .
website : www.marieastor.com facebook : author marie astor twitter : @ marieastor books by marie astor : janet maple series to catch a bad guy catching the bad guy bad guys get caught sinful business series thirsty for payback baiting trouble standalone contemporary romance titles this tangled thing called love lucky charm smitten at first sight a dress in a window ( a short story collection ) more books by marie : over the mountain and back ( a young adult fantasy adventure novel ) table of contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 chapter 17 chapter 18 chapter 19 chapter 20 chapter 21 chapter 22 chapter 23 chapter 24 chapter 25 chapter 26 chapter 27 about marie excerpt from catching the bad guy excerpt from thirsty for payback , book 1 of the sinful business series chapter 1 janet maple took a deep breath while she waited for her train to arrive .
` ` janet maple . ''
but after meeting janet maple face to face , he wished he had left her off the radar .
it would take time to gather evidence for the case , and dennis hoped that for her sake , janet maple would find other employment in the meantime .
this morning 's kitchen chat with that recently hired cute lawyer , janet maple , had been a glaring lapse in judgment , and yet dennis could not help smiling at the memory .
` ` allow me to introduce janet maple .
` ` you should have talked to me first before hiring that janet maple character .
` ` rosemarie , i 'd like to introduce our new assistant general counsel , janet maple .
it seemed that circumstance had a way of bringing him and janet maple together .
granted , the persona of dean snider was not the most advantageous one when it came to the art of female seduction , but dennis was not planning on seducing janet maple - at least not while he was on the assignment .
do you know that janet maple used to work for the da 's office ? ''
and by the way , how 's janet maple working out ? ''
by now her mother 's incongruities had stopped to baffle her - having ph.d . in english literature and teaching women 's studies as part of her course load did not prevent christine maple from maintaining somewhat outdated views on life .
` ` so , what have you been up to , janet maple ? ''
` ` although janet maple also happens to be quite an attractive woman , my interest in her is only driven by her potential value as an information source , '' dennis replied , almost convinced by his own words .
i thought that you wanted janet maple to lighten the bill load , so i ' ve given her a very basic overview of the structure ; she could n't have possibly made much sense out of it , but i 'll be sure to keep an eye on her . ''
his attention was occupied by the sight of janet maple walking into the bar .
an investigation - any investigation - involved people , and janet maple was among the people who would get hurt once bostoff 's corrupt operations were exposed .
his mind was occupied by thoughts of janet maple .
did he have any dirt on janet maple ?
it 's good to have you on my team , janet maple . ''
that cock tease , janet maple , had made a fool of him .
at the moment , he knew better than to point out the fact that it was really his evidence , his and janet 's , but he was certainly going to make sure that janet maple would get the credit she deserved .
` ` janet maple is here . ''
chapter 2 janet maple stared at her cup of coffee and untouched bagel .
you keep an eye on that janet maple girl . ''
janet maple .
well , buddy , i really did think about planting a maple tree , but tommy in the garden department said the growing season and soil here are nt right for maples .
` ` we 're going to make a few changes around here , '' gramma del said as she walked gracie to school the morning after daddy drove his truck onto the mcmahon family 's lawn and hit a sugar maple .
more ebooks from barbara bretton the crosse island harbor time travel trilogy somewhere in time tomorrow & always destiny 's child the pax romantic adventure series playing for time honeymoon hotel a fine madness all we know of heaven - coming soon the sugar maple chronicles casting spells laced with magic spun by sorcery charmed spells & stitches paradise point , new jersey - women 's fiction shore lights chances are - coming soon at last a soft place to fall her bad boy billionaire lover bundle of joy the edge of forever second harmony i do , i do .
i do nt think that has anything to do with maple syrup , either .
his tongue dove into her mouth , you taste like maple syrup .
do nt be sorry , i love maple syrup , caleb lifted her into his arms , walking over to the bed .
yes , 837 maple , got it .
the large maple julian collided with shook from the force of the blow and a large crack lanced up its thick trunk .
there was the traditional maple , along with strawberry , blackberry and apple .
what do you think , whipped cream on waffles or maple syrup ?
i could go for some chipotle maple sausage crepes . ''
` ` two of those , an order of chipotle maple saus - you got that tonight ? ''
roy poured hot maple syrup over his pancakes .
the tension in the air was as thick as hot maple syrup .
` ` the mainstay includes sandwiches , in breakfast form , with eggs , maple syrup , pancakes , and an assortment of other standard morning meals .
scanning the trees , lissa saw three maples , a fir , and -- an oak .
brianna blinked , eyes tearing at the shafts of sun that stabbed through the shifting greens of a screen of maples .
i could smell french toast and hot maple syrup .
the yellow - orange of sugar maple , the brilliant red of sassafras , the crimson of sumac bushes .
red maple , beech , slippery elm - cassie could identify many of them now .
in california you had to go to a national park to see trees this tall ... ` ` those are sugar maples , '' her mother said with forced cheerfulness as cassie turned her head slightly to follow a stand of particularly graceful trees .
and some of the sugar maples were turning golden yellow , and there was more red at the bottom of the hill ... cassie frowned and forgot to rub her arms .
his blue eyes ran over her like heated maple syrup over belgian waffles , slowly slipping into crevices and beyond and making her hyperconscious of her sleepless night , the makeup she 'd slathered on to cover the dark circles beneath her eyes and last season 's less than stellar jeans and sleeveless sweater .
` ` i am going to name my reflux maple horseradish amanda after you . ''
the house was nestled amid huge , majestic trees - probably oaks and maples that were doubtless even more majestic when they were n't stripped of foliage by the winter chill .
nearly groaning as she licked maple syrup from her bottom lip and closed her eyes in ecstasy , he sat his fork on his empty plate and stared openly .