if i had anything to say about that , it would be a permanent thing , or until i 'd had my fill at least .
on top of her own star status , being linked with me might put her even more in the spotlight , so i was gon na have to take care of that first thing .
` ` the fireplace is probably the best and worst part of the whole thing , '' i laugh .
i want to feel him inside of me so much , but i think there 's one thing i need to tell him first .
my apologies , '' i reply , glad we can joke about this kind of thing .
` ` well , i know that might not be the kind of thing you ever want to talk about with your mother , but i ' m here .
and though i know it would be wise to take this whole thing slow , i just ca n't resist him tonight .
` ` there 's just one last thing we have to figure out , then , '' he says , his voice rasping with emotion as he takes my right hand in his .
but there is one last thing i have to ask him , now .
` ` one more thing , dharr , '' she called out .
` ` actually , there is one more thing , if you have a moment , '' he said , standing up with her .
they were so perfect , so ripe and sweet , his mouth wanted a longer taste but she was n't used to that and he knew he had to take things slowly .
as hard as it had been initially , she was finally at a place where she felt secure , and that she had things somewhat under control .
next thing she knew , she was falling but his arms were still securely holding her .
there was one thing bothering her though .
mr . tillsdale never brought an employee into his office without lecturing about one thing or another .
but the next thing she knew , dorothy was helping her up off the stoop , helping her into her apartment and tut - tutting around the small space .
you 're my wife , so serving others is a thing of the past . ''
with a sigh , she looked up at the ceiling and thought about the small things she needed to pack before heading out of the country .
dani waived her hand , ` ` i think you refer to him as ' your highness ' or some other odd thing . ''
` ` one thing you 'll learn quickly , there 's really nothing that happens in the palace that i do n't know about , '' he explained .
next thing she knew , the motor cycle was buzzing right back up the street .
there was one thing that was more important than anything to the andretti clan and that was family obligations .
tabitha was more than happy to go along with his plans , having spent the afternoon thinking about just this thing .
` ` it is one thing if you are unwilling to admit your feelings to me .
the next thing i knew , you had left and i was being fitted for a wedding dress . ''
but i want the real thing .
so far , all of his assumptions had been wrong and the only thing left was that she was a sweet , kind woman with a generous spirit and a body a man would gladly die to possess .
the next thing she knew , she was being woken by a soft caress against her neck and she wanted nothing more than to curl into the feeling .
the clothing was one thing .
ethan obviously took this marriage thing very seriously .
although , if she was truthful , the story was the last thing on her mind right now .
` ` do n't worry about a thing .
maybe others would think he was foolish to bet on a relationship that so far had gone nowhere , but one thing he 'd learned during the prolonged battle with his father for control of his own life was that if he fixed his goal in his mind , things had a way of arranging themselves so he got there .
` ` i ' ve got a thing or two to do before you get there .
` ` the last thing i want is to get morgan here in trouble .
` ` so , one thing , '' rob said carefully .
there 's just one thing . ''
to his surprise , a number of things fell swiftly into place .
our plans do n't quite fit in the scheme of things at either place . ''
` ` you did n't suspect a thing , did you ?
` ` do n't you worry about a thing .
she must have slept a little , for the next thing she knew the suv came to a stop and a bustle began all around her .
for one thing , there was a camera ten inches above his head capturing all of this , and it was bad enough the whole world would know about his phobia when these episodes aired ; they did n't need a front row seat to his lovemaking , too .
was there any way to cover the damn thing ?
the next thing i knew he was rearing over me .
the next thing he knew he 'd been coerced into coming with them .
of course , now he was married to morgan , and rose had given her approval to the match , so he wanted to believe she saw these things clearly .
he 'd worried for a minute there he 'd gotten on rose 's nerves with his attempt to design the shed , but now that he 'd prevented her from using the wrong saw things were back on track .
he had to exercise a lot of self - restraint not to take things any further , but rose was worth some self - restraint .
after going through every last thing of mine .
he waited for her to go on and when she did n't , he said , ` ` did we just ruin things , rose ? ''
he had to get back to rose and sort things out with her , before she drove herself wild with recriminations and self - doubt .
it was one thing if they missed the deadline and he got kicked off the ranch .
it was another thing altogether if she refused to ever become his wife .
` ` for one thing , i ' m talking about the way your father has been forcing me to cook and clean like some household slave - that 's not normal , jake ! ''
the important thing was that they were together .
` ` i want you to get up there and shovel off that roof before we lose the whole thing .
another thing she had n't thought of .
that 's the most important thing . ''
one thing always came up .
she 'd never thought such a simple thing could make her want to rip her clothes off , but there it was .
one thing was for certain - she had to get those pants off of her .
just what every girl wants to hear first thing in the morning . ''
` ` it 's one thing if you 're concerned for her health .
first thing . ''
third , that girl is desperate to talk about her business with someone , and since she 's coming to me that tells me that either you 're not her fiance and she does n't want to talk to you about anything , or you are her fiance but you have no business sense , which is probably the case because you have n't put a ring on her finger , or you 're a complete fuck - up who does n't care about the thing that 's most important to his future wife .
his focus had been on the wrong thing for a long time .
` ` one more thing , jake , '' rick called back .
the first thing was a salad .
` ` for one thing , i thought ronny was making all those meals for you and i was just benefiting from the leftovers .
surely once she knew what she wanted to do for the rest of her life , this silly thing with jake would go away .
do n't worry about a thing , jason , dear .
` ` and one more thing , '' he said , his large hands holding her shoulders , then sliding gently down her arms .
one more thing , '' she said .
` ` there 's just one thing , '' she continued before hesitating uncertainly .
but his past was one thing he never discussed with anyone .
` ` do n't worry about a thing , '' she said .
i handed thalia my empty glass and stumbled forward , uncertain of whether i could fool my friends by hiding behind one of the curtains and then pretending the whole thing had been a major flop .
and the next thing i knew a guy drove me home . ''
then another , and the next thing i knew they disappeared from my sight .
i think it 's a mom thing , we ca n't help it .
before his stroke , my dad could have help with this sort of thing , but he 'd lost so much control in his hands that handiwork was out of the question these days .
helping her with this small thing was the least i could do .
i think it 's been the number one thing on my mind since the moment i walked into that exam room .
one more thing ! ''
it was purely physical and a one - time thing .
i asked , completely forgetting everything else she just said and focusing on the one thing i still had n't come to grips with .
they were leaving first thing in the morning for their honeymoon in hawaii .
walking into that house , telling her i was n't ready and acting like what we had was n't the most goddamn important thing in my life was the biggest shame of my life .
the only thing that matters is that you say those vows and bind yourself to me for eternity , got it ? ''
apparently it was a thing ; a big thing to clare .
there 's just one more thing and i think you 're going to like it , '' she said with a wicked grin .
` ` one more thing .
they 'd given me a flat - out no , which was n't a total surprise since i had n't directed a single thing since college .
the only thing i ask is that , for the time we are together , you are mine . ''
and the only thing i can think about right now is getting you into my trailer , out of these clothes , and burying myself deep inside you . ''
` ` one more thing , and then we 're out .
` ` there 's one more thing . ''
one thing i do know is that they have these fancy inventions called planes , and i can fly here if i need to .
` ` okay , but one thing ... '' ` ` anything , '' he answered , chuckling .
` ` yes , one more thing -your girlfriend .
the only thing she 'd had problems overcoming was that connor was involved .
i guessed garrett was right about one thing .
` ` and one more thing , '' clare added quickly .
` ` first thing , chuck e. cheese ?
` ` you 're right about one thing .
` ` i ' m still here because of the work you gave me which you said you absolutely had to have first thing in the morning .
food was one thing she would n't have to worry about .
he 'd vowed not to even think about the damn thing tonight but now that erin had brought it up all his anger came flooding back .
it was a good thing he 'd included flood insurance and wind damage for all his properties .
that only left one thing - housing .
` ` no , that other thing .
now edgar had gone and made the whole thing public ... without their permission .
there was one thing he knew would be guaranteed to preserve his heart and his life .
one thing he knew , to preserve his sanity he would have to do his best to resist samantha fox and her feminine charms .
oh , and one other thing . ''
that other thing - was that jake 's greatest secret ?
she 'd been so preoccupied that she 'd slipped up on the one thing she 'd always told herself she 'd never compromise on .
it was obvious that right now that idea was the farthest thing from his mind .
and as for that other thing , '' she bit her lip then pressed on , ` ` i have n't been with anyone since i lost my husband and i ' ve done several physicals since then . ''
` ` money has never been the biggest thing in my life , mr . randolph marshall .
just one more thing in her constant task of keeping her accident - prone friend out of danger .
and here she was , trying to trap him into the very thing he seemed bent on avoiding .
this sort of thing was her cup of tea .
` ` there 's just one thing , '' she said as she looked at jason who was relaxing in the chair , looking relieved .
one thing , though .
next thing you know there 'll be wedding bells . ''
but even while observing his grief , there was one thing she had to know .
when it came to weddings , that was a woman thing and the man involved usually wanted it over and done with so he could get back to his normal life .
` ` no , there 's one more thing .
she knew some might judge her for being too matter - of - fact about the whole thing .
she 'd thought he would have objected to the rush , maybe even change his mind about the whole thing , but no , he behaved like the kind of man who , once he 'd made up his mind , would go all the way .
but the thing that really baffled her was that she 'd gone through the numbers , line by line , with her vp of finance .
you know that 's not my thing .
the last thing he wanted was for her to have second thoughts .
her voice rose in frustration because suave was always trying to do things on her own even when it was n't in her best interest .
there was one thing that had been on her mind ever since the meeting had been arranged .
and there was one other little thing that was making silken both happy and nervous at the same time .
claire 's eyes flashed with an anger that told golden her confidante was taking the whole thing personally and was getting quite agitated .
that was another thing he needed to speak to sharon about .
` ` the important thing is , you 'll be going out with him .
by the time he 'd come to the end of the road that led to her house reed had made up his mind about one thing .
chapter twenty - four once reed 's marriage to carrie was officially annulled he flew back to england , the thing foremost on his mind being an urgent meeting with golden .
things were suddenly looking a lot more serious and she needed to be away from this place as fast as possible .
hopefully , he 'd soon forget about the whole thing .
no sense in going there , not when it would n't resolve a thing .
this time , though , instead of touching only the blue rubber of the cuff her fingers slipped - or betrayed her , she was n't sure which - and the next thing she knew she 'd come in contact with solid , unyielding muscle so firm and warm , throbbing with a strength that made a lie of his current state of weakness .
you ' ve suffered a serious injury and the worst thing you could do is rush things .
next thing you know , one of us will have to go out there and rescue you , too . ''
the one thing solie needed to do now was get her mother away from the mirror and into her dress .
this time rome did sit , and as he sat looking up at her , the confusion plain on his face , arie realized she was making a mess of the whole thing .
next thing you know she 'll be telling you she has some past life that could jeopardize your reputation . ''
` ` one thing 's for sure , '' he said with a crooked grin .
even if he could n't repair the damage already done there was one thing he was determined to set straight before he left .
it was too late to reach out to her now but he would tackle her first thing in the morning .
` ` perfect , '' he said immediately , ` ` except for one thing . ''
they 'd reached a point where they had a certain level of respect for each other and that was the most important thing , was n't it ?
` ` but if dishes are n't your thing , you can use me any way you want . ''
` ` the important thing is that she 's expecting you at the center this evening , right after her session with the seniors . ''
` ` but there 's one more thing . ''
but there 's just one thing . ''
he had the nose for that sort of thing .
` ` anyway , the important thing is , i kind of like her . ''
` ` and one more thing .
he did n't want to make a big thing out of what was probably nothing but after nine o'clock at night was not the time for a man to be wondering where his wife was .
that was n't the only thing to worry about .
he marched forward , ready to get the hell out of there and back to civilization but he 'd forgotten one critical thing .
he took two steps and the next thing ridge knew his left foot slipped and then his other leg shot out from under him and he was tumbling backwards , the flashlight flying out of his hand to slam into the cave wall .
he might be a virtual stranger and a man might be the last thing she should have on her mind right now but from the moment she 'd met ryder she 'd felt something .
he started spouting off about his vision for the company and next thing you know he 'd started wailing about how much of a challenge it would be to achieve those goals seeing that his business partner had bailed out on him suddenly . ''
first thing in the morning he would be hitting the road to pequoia and this time he planned to take things to the next level .
that was as much as she was willing to share just then but there was one thing she had no hesitation in declaring .
tracy leaned just slightly closer to him and whispered , ` ` except for one thing . ''
just one more thing , she thought .
` ` one last thing , '' she said .
she may have had to call this whole thing off if he had proved too obsessive .
another thing i 'll have to clean , she thought , as she crossed her legs and watched as he got closer .
it should be easy to remember , because it should be the most important thing to you right now .
` ` there 's one more thing you have to do to please me . ''
this is a one time thing , '' she said .
the last thing he had wanted to do was hurt her .
` ` it 's a good thing i wear covered toe shoes at work , '' he murmured glaring at the offending foot .
` ` i hear you on the too busy thing .
my father was furious , but instead of punishing me or turning me in to the police , he paid the owner of the car and made the whole thing disappear .
the last thing i needed to be worrying about was how i was going to pay for this .
i was half afraid he was going to tell me we should just call the whole thing off .
the next thing i knew was the soft , welcoming embrace of my mattress .
` ` oh , and one more thing , '' she added quickly .
` ` one more thing , '' he said , crossing the distance between us and taking me in his arms again .
i would be able to afford a new coffee pot if things went the way i was expecting .
` ` it 's a good thing you 're here to rescue me then , '' i whispered , staring at his mouth .
i had woken her up and gotten her coffee on my way to get things set up .
i would accept that this was just a short term thing and do my best to enjoy it .
my face was burning now , knowing that not only was the stealthy body guard chuckling at me , but mr . belrose had seen the whole thing .
and , since he deals with the inner workings of it all , he 's rather jaded on the whole thing .
suddenly , bastian 's hand was on the guys shoulder and the next thing i knew , salmon - shirt was flying off the deck and into the parking lot .
she was too predictable , ordering the same thing every day , never spicing it up or trying something new .
` ` but it 's a regular guy thing , '' david said .
` ` lady , i have n't been comfortable since you said the word ' bus ' first thing this morning , '' he grumbled .
okay , so imagining kissing him and running her fingers through his hair was what she 'd really been wondering about , but the car thing was an easier topic to discuss .
and then next thing she knew they would be arguing over who was going to get out of bed to make breakfast .
and that 's the most important thing , liam .
one thing she really needed to do was learn italian .
the last thing she needed was to be inspected by luca 's friends and acquaintances and found wanting - especially compared to isabella .
` ` ah , that is a little thing . ''
jewelry was n't a big thing for her , probably because she 'd never had anything of value .
for one thing , she was a career woman and , considering his history with them , he should be running as hard and fast as his legs would carry him in the opposite direction .
and whether he liked it or not , the very last thing on his mind was friendship .
hunter held out little hope that she 'd changed her mind , but since it had been the uppermost thing on his mind for the past two days , he had to know .
` ` one thing at a time , darlin ' , '' he said , climbing the ladder .
the last thing she wanted or needed was to become involved with another man .
` ` for one thing , callie and i really are husband and wife .
the last thing he wanted or needed was the hassle of finding someone , then the trouble of convincing the woman to have his child without the slightest possibility of a future together .
` ` before you leave there 's just one more thing .
the first thing in the morning , he 'd let her know he regretted the way things had gone the evening before .
satisfied that she had luke contemplating the emotional needs of a growing child , she decided to give him one more thing to think about .
for one thing , theirs was a business arrangement and he had n't felt it pertinent to their situation .
` ` the only thing we need to talk over now is where we go from here , '' she stated determinedly .
` ` i ' m sure you have another resort to build or some corporate thing that needs your full attention .
` ` for one thing , luke and haley have only been married a couple of months and they need their alone time .
getting enough sleep was not going to be a problem for arielle and one less thing he needed to worry about .
lying there hugging the pillow , she must have drifted off to sleep because the next thing she knew , her daughter 's cries coming through the baby monitor awakened her .
just make sure you do n't drop your end of this thing . ''
one thing was for certain , any event that sophia threw together was never casual .
a small voice in the back of her mind tried to discourage her , reminding her that there was a flight attendant around who was probably witnessing the entire thing .
business was another thing that lit sergio up apparently because his enthusiasm was equal to that of a child 's going to disney world .
` ` in my life you take care of one thing and then something else happens right away .
mandi was n't sure she could handle the embarrassment of being caught skinny dipping , even if the country was more relaxed about those things than the states were .
however , i was once again surprised at how quickly he could go from one thing to the next .
katherine knew she had never seen a more breathtaking man in her life , but the last thing she wanted to do was reveal just how attracted to him she was .
` ` i have to tie some things up over here at the farm .
he would save his custom suits for business meetings , but going outside dressed to the nines at all times was a thing of the past .
the last thing she wanted was to have to put this black suit back on again in the morning .
getting out of new york was the first thing on her mind .
the last thing he needed was for emily to be running off to that tyler guy for help .
the last thing on his mind was taking care of any business .
anything that involved a woman and parker davis certainly would n't be a serious thing .
she had only one thing on her mind ... getting the hell out of new york .
i ' m sure we can get some donations or some kind of grant to help with the whole thing .
parker remembered how bashful his brother had been about the whole thing .
the last thing she was going to do was take off for new york without thinking things through .
the last thing emily wanted to do was rush things .
one thing was for sure , her bottoms would be staying on .
conner hated to ignore the young girl , but the last thing he wanted to do was get in the middle , especially after his son told him to keep his nose out of it .
one thing was for sure ; he and becky were running out of excuses to cover up her parent 's neglect .
one thing 's for sure , if you ca n't accept and be kind to matthew , then we do n't need to ever speak again . ''
he smiled grimly as he remembered her expression when he 'd mentioned the dress thing .
hell , he was the owner of the building ; surely he could arrange a little thing like that .
the only thing left was to keep out of his way until he forgot all this nonsense , and more to the point , until she forgot as well .
` ` the important thing is you did n't . ''
at the sight of her , kim 's hand went to her stomach ; she was still avoiding thinking about the whole pregnancy thing .
` ` and one more thing . ''
she heard a noise behind her , but there was one more thing she needed to do , and she refused to be distracted .
` ` think a little thing like that is going to put me off ? ''
gary 's always a miserable bastard first thing in the morning . ''
of course , she 'd wondered why he did n't ask her , but maybe it was a security thing .
you 're the only thing that 's important right now .
` ` but the girlfriend thing would be an ideal cover , so it 's best if the position is open .
giving him her total concentration as though his cock was the most important thing in her world .
he gave me some seed money and a whole lot of advice on how to raise horses , what to look for when purchasing new horses , who to talk to and basic things like that .
jim knew that sam wanted to marry his chloe so it did n't bother him about the bed thing .
she 'd broken the contract on the lease yesterday afternoon but that was yet another thing she had n't mentioned to sam .
i have been ultimately successful in keeping her filthy , cheating hands off of you one more thing .
` ` there 's one other thing , '' she said softly .
` ` for one thing , hector christophe is involved .
for another thing , we 're getting married quickly .
but only a portion of that part of the scene broke through her consciousness since every cell in her mind and body was focused on one thing .
there is n't one thing that is more important than another .
` ` this is a ridiculous conversation and i ca n't believe we 're talking about such a thing in a public place . ''
` ` that 's one thing i ' ve seen from too many angles and do n't want any part of . ''
not a thing .
` ` oh , one more thing .
but the one thing that they were n't able to completely repair was my reproductive organs .
the last thing she thought about before she gave in to sleep was that she needed to contact this charles livingston , the man named as executor of her father 's will , to see what he could do to help her through this problem of finding a husband quickly and under bizarre circumstances .
it was one thing when they were dancing but when she had the double hit of him kissing her as well she was breathless and that crazy desire swelled up within her , almost choking her with the need to touch him as well .
everything in her tightened and her eyes were wide with the pain as her virginity became a thing of the past .
next thing she knew , the sun was coming up over the horizon , spilling onto her bed .
` ` after the perfidy i discovered about you , i had resolved that very same thing . ''
` ` and one other thing .
a part of her wanted to explain the whole thing to him , but after all this time , would he even listen to her ?
the next thing she knew , the door to her apartment was closing and she could hear the silence , the darkness .
perhaps he was going about this whole thing the wrong way .
that was the only thing that mattered now .
she shivered and put her palm against her forehead , trying to work things through .
` ` i would n't change a thing . ''
except for that one little thing , she thought .
but one thing was certain , she was n't leaving him right at the moment .
` ` it 's a good thing you decided to stay the night , '' she said .
the surf board was one thing she immediately dismissed , but when she noticed the wind - surfing board , she bit her lip in indecision .
` ` i thought this whole dinner thing was about me asking questions about work . ''
she had no idea how he 'd done it , but her jeans were a thing of the past and his hand was moving along the inside of her thigh .
sam loved this country and knew he would have to step in and fix things .
` ` regardless , i think there 's only one thing left to discuss , '' stephan said .
she wanted the whole thing .
the next thing she knew , his mouth was closing on her and the feeling was too intense .
she had no idea what the party was for , but it would n't be with anyone she would see the next week so she felt it was safe to spice things up a bit .
she was definitely a tiny little thing , barely reaching his shoulder although he knew that he was tall for a man .
you 're really going about this whole thing the wrong way .
` ` i guarantee that , when you 're in my arms , the only thing i ' m thinking about is how to get you to make those sexy sounds that you do while i ' m kissing or touching you . ''
that way , we 'll be able to see what this place is like , how you 're treated , all the things we worry about . ''
he was always within ear shot and she 'd caught him laughing when either mike or bob made a crack about one thing or another .
laci only pointed out how excited i was about traveling and wondered if maybe i was jumping the gun on the whole marriage and kids thing .
the next thing she knew , the door to the shower opened up and he grabbed her wrist and gently pulled her into the shower with him .
` ` except for one thing , '' he said , rubbing his thumb against the palm of her hand .
` ` do n't worry about a thing , vic .
arguing with her boss about ati 's decision not to bid on a huge job was one thing .
` ` was that the only thing you wanted to talk to me about ? ''
she and gus would have a wonderful night , usually arguing about one thing or another .
` ` the only thing left is the salad and we 'll be ready . ''
` ` food is the last thing on my mind , '' she said .
she had no idea how she was going to raise this child but one thing was for sure , he or she would know enough love from her that they would n't miss their father .
for one thing , he 'd be the one doing the propositioning and not yours truly .
it 's not a big thing , really .
if we move here , it 's going to be a big thing ... they could know about it and we could be ambushed . ''
it was the most important thing to him -- -even their marriage had not been his top priority , she remembered painfully .
domenico could n't yet read lysander allard clearly , but one thing was for sure - for whatever reason , he wanted to take misty away from domenico .
nobody f**king messed with what was his , and saffi was definitely that , perhaps even the most important thing in his life right now .
putting everything down for the moment , saffi decided it was better to browse through the whole thing without staffan around .
the rest of the wedding ceremony was a blur , and the next thing he knew , they had exchanged rings .
of all the things she said , just one thing stood uppermost in my mind .
` ` but that 's not your thing , right ? ''
you talk to me like it 's an everyday thing and yet when i ' m with you it 's like i ca n't breathe ! ''
if there 's one thing men like me can be uncomfortable about -- - '' ` ` he means insecure , '' his wife added . ` `
` ` and that 's one more thing , '' nik said triumphantly .
day two the first thing i wanted to make sure was that everyone in the office would understand nothing had to change with how they treated me .
it was a good thing leah had strong objections to violence , but that might not stop carter 's momma from maiming her , or from his ex - who was still in holland springs and looking all virginal sitting on the pew wearing white - helping her .
he wanted every little thing about her to be his business .
` ` one more thing . ''
i would n't be surprised if peak wants to call the whole thing off .
the next thing he knew , one had thrown a punch .
` ` it 's a good thing you married a man with lots of cash to make you look good . ''
pay them a bit of attention , act like what they 're saying is the most important thing in the world , and you ' ve got 'em . ''
this morning , when ivy had woken up with a fever and rose had been frantic , he 'd volunteered to go to palm island and clean so rose would have one less thing to worry about .
that was the last thing he expected her to worry about , and sorry bastard that he was , it was the last thing on his mind .
that was the last thing he expected her to worry about , and sorry bastard that he was , it was the last thing on his mind .
they 'd spent hours reminiscing and rose had made a promise to include her in more than just the mundane things of her life .
not quite convinced rose was completely safe , daisy stayed open later than usual to keep an eye on things .
having that honor taken away was the last thing that concerned daisy .
and sometimes , when two people fall in love after all those dates , they lead to other things like ... '' daisy paused , unable to get out the word engagement .
` ` religion 's not really my thing either . ''
he managed to keep himself in check while the maid helped daisy pack her things by organizing his art supplies .
` ` you have n't been treated right , and neither has rose ... and in some instances skye , but things are different .
it was on the tip of her tongue to be flippant about the whole thing .
then she deliberately put aside her own niggling twist of jealousy and focused on the important thing here .
he 'd somehow touched on the one thing that had given her a lot of misgivings over the years .
left to their own devices , sage and dylan had opted for drinks , and the chance to talk things over , just the two of them .
but all sage had to do was show up and her mouth was so busy thinking of doing other more interesting things that it could n't seem to talk .
still , if they went to war with each other over it , that would n't solve a thing either - it would just splinter them when they needed each other most .
` ` for another thing , '' he added , ` ` you 'll need the truck bed , because there 's no trash collection here .
` ` before i go , though , there is one thing j.d .
in that first week , he could n't give a damn about the ranch that had once been the most important thing in his life .
if there was one thing j.d .
` ` way too creepy , but- '' she shrugged ` ` -the important thing is , we 're on a cruise .
` ` well , for one thing , my days start a lot earlier than they used to , '' she said .
the most important thing in the world to him .
now the only thing to figure out was why he was there .
having a few days to relax and not worry about a damn thing .
well , he told himself firmly , for one thing , he did n't want to be wrong about her .
` ` for one thing , '' hunter spoke up and stepped out of the shadows , startling both women into gasping .
yes , she thought again , lowering her gaze to watch him suckle her , that was one thing she could n't mention .
it 's the first thing my friends ribbed me about . ''
but i ' m not promising i 'll stay for the whole thing .
it was sweet that he did n't want to rush things - but damn !
` ` it 's not a business thing , i promise .
she was being greedy , she knew she was , but after the previous evening with him the only thing she could think about was the feel of his hard , naked body against hers .
there is one thing that we need to discuss that i do n't think we did previously , but it 's extremely important giving your situation . ''
one thing for sure , you can always count me in for dancing .
the only thing that i ' m worried about is blake changing .
it 's the only thing i think about - i ca n't think straight , sienna ! ''
that 's one thing i would n't compromise .
i had to personally make calls to my teachers and explain the whole thing .
it 's the only thing i have a control of , its outcome , its future .
i was lost and the only thing that mattered was the woman i love kissing me hungrily , passionately .
i fell into a deep , peaceful sleep thinking how surreal ; i have n't listened to baroque guitar music in awhile ... .and how odd that it was the first thing that popped up ... . robert , blake 's chauffer , rang exactly at nine in the morning .
it 's not that i ' m scared to mention it , but it was more like being weary about the simple truth that things are n't hearts and roses between blake and me .
sorry , things have been so out of order and my mind is all over the place .
he was nowhere in his receiving area , so i cautiously strolled towards the open double - doors to the bedroom and could see that he was in the bathroom , taking his things and dumping them in a black weekend bag .
but one thing stood out , and that 's the only thing we should learn , which is never to fucking give up , lucy .
the last thing i needed to do was give any indication to anyone - even if it was stella , whom i trusted quite a great deal - that blake and i were having some mild issues with him deciding to be incommunicado .
if you want to open a business , just say so , i 'd provide all the help so you would n't even have to worry about a thing .
of course , it was the one thing he knew jack shit about .
` ` well , the first thing we need to talk about is ... '' she saw her chance to get out from under rick 's microscope .
allison added quickly , ` ` it was a last - minute thing . ''
` ` the entire thing ? ''
the first thing she needed to know : is the baby okay ?
maybe he did do the right thing , but she wanted to do things her way , and then come to the right conclusion herself .
` ` not your thing , huh ? ''
i just avoided the whole thing , even though a part of me was desperately lonely .
` ` will , you know we do n't talk about this sort of thing in front of- '' ` ` i do n't care , mom .
the only thing that bothers me is the reason why you want me there . ''
one thing was for sure , life with genie wainwright taylor was not going to be boring .
it was one thing to act like his wife , and completely another to look the part .
` ` there 's just one more thing . ''
the only thing he cared to oversee was the pre - nuptial agreement .
` ` oh yeah , the clothes thing . ''
he probably should ' ve gotten her opinion on the rings but there was n't time , and he was old - fashioned about that sort of thing .
` ` i am curious about one thing though ? ''
last week he was sure the only thing that mattered was his wife staying put for the agreed time .
` ` oh , honey , it 's not a french thing , '' he said , waving his comb in the air .
` ` the first thing we have to do is find out whether or not he has any fair prospects from the women that he 's already acquainted with . ''
` ` the entire thing . ''
but the thing that stabbed at nick the most was that the community center - the legacy to his brother 's memory - would wither away .
one thing was certain though , she looked nervous as hell .
` ` oh , there is just one other thing ... '' she said with hardly any confidence at all .
one thing was for sure , no other woman would ever be able to do what ginny had done to him , because nick would always be in love with this one .
if there 's one thing she 'd learned from her grandmother 's death , it was that life was short and you could n't leave things to fate .
and breakfast was the last thing he wanted to consider right now .
which is the second thing i want to talk to you about . '
though one thing was certain .
' it was n't just the sex thing , ' she flashed at him resentfully .
only one thing was important .
' there is one thing .
was that the important thing he had to tell her ?
and it gave her more time ; that was the important thing .
' one more thing , karen .
all the scrimping and saving she had done for a future with grant durham was a thing of the past .
if any little thing was critical , she had it faithfully recorded .
the only serious thing to blaize callagan was business .
the first thing would be an exotic holiday somewhere as soon as she had cancelled the wedding .
that was the important thing to him .
only one thing was relevant .
` ` it 's a private thing , jules , '' she warned , her eyes stabbing the point home .
the butterfly tree was a special thing between her and zoe .
one thing at a time .
there was something she had to remember but her head was swimming in a whirlpool and it could n't reach the important thing that hovered on the edge .
that was the only really important thing .
as always , her body was acutely conscious of his , shaming her with its wilfully wayward sexual responses when she knew sex was the last thing on nick 's mind .
one thing was certain .
such a superficial thing should be irrelevant .
while he had n't thought through all that a marriage with merlina rossi would encompass , he knew one thing for certain .
not one thing .
this was n't a personal thing to him .
she wanted her things out of the apartment , needed a place to put them , but for it to be so closely connected to this man felt ... dangerous .
dirty business , she thought , the whole thing so horribly grubby she did n't want to rehash it .
' and one other thing .
' well , it is a big thing , is n't it ? '
and one thing he was determined on with her - exclusive rights !
buffy was certainly right about one thing .
which was the most important thing of all .
she had a blurry glimpse of shock on jake carter 's face , then he was moving , looming towards her , and the next thing she knew his arms had enveloped her and she was weeping on his shoulder and he was muttering a string of appalled comments .
` ` one other thing , amy .
' of one thing you can be absolutely certain , ' he said , mocking the turmoil of doubts in her mind .
luc had made a big thing of having meals together .
' one thing , ' he added in a determined tone .
if she had reservations about that this morning - seeing no real future for this relationship - he had to all ay them , because one thing was certain in his mind .
was this an ego thing ?
the author thing invariably messed with men 's minds , making them resentful of her success and the celebrity that went with it .
' this is only one thing . '
of course , listening was the big thing .
all of which brought serena to the conclusion that she was hopelessly in lust with the man - a totally physical thing that she could n't squash , shake off , or block .
' serena , the morettis are of strong italian blood and the big thing in their lives is family . '
she had eaten , showered , dressed , made up her face in appropriate tones to complement the green and gold hues in the filmy , frilly , ultra - feminine lisa ho creation , put on the gold jewellery , fluffed up her hair , was satisfied that she was presentable , then had nothing to do in the last twenty minutes , except pace around the room and worry about things she could n't control .
was this approach to her an ego thing ?
yet it was a sweet relief to feel it was n't all just sex for him , that there were other things he wanted to share with her besides the strictly physical .
but if i end up coming alone , do n't make a big thing of it .
do n't make a big thing of it , ' tammy quickly advised .
his mother would undoubtedly get flustered over the tour schedule , leave things in the hotel rooms , be at the wrong place at the wrong time .
diana had confidently predicted it would knock his socks off but liz had believed he would probably look at her blankly for a few seconds , dismiss the whole thing as frivolous female foibles , then get straight down to business .
all this time she 'd kept him slotted under the heading of her boss - an undeniably male boss but the male part had only been a gender thing , not a sexual thing .
liz brooded over how he 'd torpedoed her alternative plan , making the whole thing terribly personal by questioning her about brendan and commenting on the aborted relationship .
was it a psychological thing , rising out of the fact she 'd had what he 'd wanted all these years with his father , so having her balanced the ledger in some primal fashion ?
his pursuit of her on the magic millions race - day had definitely been an ego thing , not an attraction thing , and this whole business now was a fix - up thing , which was purely temporary .
his pursuit of her on the magic millions race - day had definitely been an ego thing , not an attraction thing , and this whole business now was a fix - up thing , which was purely temporary .
his pursuit of her on the magic millions race - day had definitely been an ego thing , not an attraction thing , and this whole business now was a fix - up thing , which was purely temporary .
one thing was definitely settled .
the only thing that mattered was getting this totally unwelcome encounter over and done with .
' one more thing .
' we can make it a totally sex thing or we can dress it up a little and it will look pretty in the corner .
' when people say i need a very big favor it 's bound to be a small thing .
all this while i thought it was not serious , that it was a strictly sex thing .
you see , the most important thing for us is to secure the right bloodlines for our children and ensure our wealth is not dissipated away into careless hands .
slowly , i began to notice things , the coffee cup , his hand on the table close to , but not touching hers .
' i thought it was just a sex thing for you , ' i murmur .
i honestly thought it was a sex thing for him .
ca n't you just humor me on this one thing ? '
' there is another thing you must consider .
except for the most important thing of all .
' i thought it was just a sex thing for you , ' she murmurs .
' i have n't really had a chance to speak to blake about many things , but one thing i do know is that if sorab and i were not safe now , i would n't be here talking to you . '
the last thing on my mind is having sex with another woman . '
i take off the glove and crush it together with the destroyed donut inside the paper bag and bin the whole thing in the wastepaper basket .
slowly , because you are not used to it , i bury it deeper and deeper , until the whole thing has been swallowed up by your body . '
i know his art is the most important thing to him .
it 's not a sexual thing . '
' and one more thing .
the new sugar knows : it is not those things .
you 're going to muss up my clothes , ' i scold , even though , like a starved little thing , my sex is already yearning for his tongue .
but that little dig about giving his sympathies to whichever man had last been in her life had come a little too quickly after kelly had brought up the same damn thing .
` ` so , what brings adam king to my house first thing in the morning ? ''
` ` money is not the only thing a man thinks about , though . ''
she either faced adam with her own deal - or came to her senses and forgot the whole thing .
` ` look , adam , there 's one more thing . ''
` ` the vineyard manager , darleen , should be able to keep things running around here while i ' m gone , '' he said , glancing around the nearly empty garden area .
the only thing that concerned him was if they did find something on jean claude , would the information implicate julie , as well ?
not that that was the only thing on her mind .
or even the most important thing on her mind .
as a matter of fact , jean claude was the last thing on her mind now .
that 's the only important thing now . ''
` ` when it comes to that sort of thing , i ' m mister careful .
if there was one thing jackson had learned about the woman over the last couple of months , it was that she was far more interested in how things looked than how things really were .
the only thing between her and jackson - except for some incredible heat - was mia .
the only thing thatdid matter was keeping in mind that jackson had arranged this as a temporary measure .
he pushed both hands into his slacks pockets and offered , ` ` in fact , i 'll understand if you 'd prefer to call the whole thing off . ''
men and women came at the whole sex thing from completely different mindsets .
but there 's just one more thing we have to do first . ''
` ` it 's the principle of the thing , '' she muttered , folding her arms beneath her br**sts and unintentionally , he was sure , outlining them nicely .
except for one thing .
coaxed her into sharing the most important thing in her life .
now , everything rested on his being able to convince one woman - the woman - that she was the most important thing in his world .
` ` it 's a private thing , after all . ''
thumb flicking madly at the pen top , he told himself it was n't that he really cared , it was the principle of the thing .
the important thing to focus on was the fact that he was going to be a father .
a hard thing for a man to consider .
naturally , cara would n't leave the thing alone even when maura insisted she did n't want to speak about it .
a little nervous about this whole thing , she knew pretending to be nothing more than a part - time housekeeper was going to be hard .
he 'd turned his lawyer onto the problem since tanner 's last conversation with the local sheriff had n't resolved a damn thing .
but the thing she was most proud of was her new adopt - a - tree program .
being tanner 's friend , introducing him to life in a small town and with any luck getting him to be less of a scrooge was one thing .
now , he was forced to struggle to keep his mind on what used to be the most important thing in his life .
now , '' she said firmly , shifting the subject back to business , ` ` i know we should have had the last of the trees shaped by the first of july , but with things as busy as they are ... '' dan slid into the new conversation gratefully .
oh , and one more thing .
not a darn thing . ''
four ` ` it does n't mean a thing , '' katie told herself while she quickly mixed up a batch of pasta salad to go with the burgers .
` ` not a damn thing , '' sean assured him , his voice crackling with static over the cell phone .
pointing at him , she said , ` ` just one more thing . ''
` ` there 's one more thing , '' she said softly .
this whole seduction thing had gotten way out of hand .
so there was no point in leaving things between he and rose up in the air .
rose had been a temporary thing .
` ` do n't worry about a thing . ''
he frowned to himself at that thought , since he had n't decided a damn thing yet .
` ` there 's just one more thing , '' she said as she pulled her hand free of his .
rafe and lucas had given him so much grief over getting married in the first place , the last thing he wanted to do was give them more ammunition to use to hammer at him .
` ` there is one more thing . ''
that being with her did n't really mean a damn thing .
a hell of a thing for a man to just be figuring out .
he 's just checking the place out again before they wrap things up and leave . ''
` ` besides , '' griffin added , ` ` this way , you 'll be close by while they 're working on your place and you can stay on top of things . ''
but as tempted as he was , by her presence , her idea , there was one thing he could n't forget .
as for the other thing , she did n't want to think about being finished .
` ` for one thing , you 're at my house instead of yours .
` ` that 's one thing we 're not going to argue over .
he did n't want you to worry about a thing .
not a thing , '' he mused .
` ` well , for one thing , reid 's going to be left - handed .
the only thing that mattered now was feeding the beast crouched inside both their bodies .
and it would n't change a damn thing .
it 's the only important thing . ''
` ` brenna , there 's one thing more .
but one thing was certain , mother ambrose dealt justly with everyone , no matter how provoking the circumstance .
` ` for one thing , my nephew was posting guards in the hall at the foot of the stairs when i retired this eve - undoubtedly to prevent something such as this .
` ` for one thing , '' aunt elinor said in a dire voice , ` ` ' twould render him unable to perform in bed for as long as a sennight . ''
it was one thing to mouth the usual prescribed platitudes during the dancing last night , another thing entirely to charm and interest these gentlemen who had now exerted themselves to pay a morning call on her .
` ` no , he would n't even think of such a thing .
for one thing , the water was freezing cold , and beneath her feet the rocks were sharp and slippery .
the very next thing i knew , clarissa was thrusting me into my best dress which was much too short , because i 'd told her i was n't going and she did n't need to let the hem down , and father was marching me into the carriage .
running a nervous finger between his neckcloth and throat , martin said , ` ` there 's just one more thing .
a small thing . ''
it was on the tip of whitney 's tongue to retort that the last thing in the world she wanted was privacy with him , but she was in such an emotional turmoil that she could n't trust herself to speak .
` ` how dare you be so crude as to- '' ` ` -as to even bring up such a thing ? ''
` ` oh , and there 's one more thing : i 'd like to keep both your identity and our betrothal a secret between us for a white . ''
what a shocking , scandalous thing for him even to contemplate .
the next thing i knew , my father was shouting at me that i was betrothed to the duke of claymore , who turned out to be clayton , and then everything got even worse . ''
the important thing was bringing them face to face and leaving the rest to fate .
and another thing , my lord duke , '' she added in choking fury , ` ` which i ' m sure will come as a tremendous surprise to you : it so happens that making love makes babies ! ''
very well , then the next thing she would wonder about , if she had found the note , was whom it was meant for .
` ` but i thought this would be the first place you would think of looking for me , once you had time to think things over . ''
her fingers stopped , unable to penetrate more than a few inches into the snarls , so she tried to remedy things by putting her palms against the sides of her hair and pressing down hard .
in place of the exhilarating things she used to enjoy , there was the dubious challenge of learning to pour tea while holding the pot at just the right angle , of placing one 's fork and knife in the correct place after dining - trivial things , to be sure , but as aunt cornelia said , ` ` knowing how to behave is your most valuable asset - your only one , in our circumstances . ''
stephen said , grinning for no reason at all except that she gave him an odd kind of pleasure when she walked into a room ... or looked at him with such unconcealed delight over a trifling thing like a few hastily fashioned , simple gowns .
` ` one thing , '' his mother said very emphatically .
at the strathmore , where the stakes were astronomical by comparison , not a word about such things ever passed beyond the strathmore 's green canopy .
amazing , is it not , that a country that prides itself on its refined manners has no compunction at all in discussing such things . ''
for one thing , he was merely doing his best to repair a relationship he had inadvertently helped to damage .
the only thing standing in her way at the moment was that she did n't have the slightest idea how to make him want her without some guidance from him .
` ` you 're right about one thing though , '' meredith said .
she thought about other things too , like the pleasure of being with him while they talked on the lawn at glenmoor , and the way he 'd laughed at the things she said .
for one thing , he 'd signed a contract ; for another , he needed the $ 150,000 bonus for staying over there so that he could use it to capitalize his next investment .
he wanted to talk about the baby with her and tell her exactly how he felt about all this , but for one thing , he felt like a selfish bastard for being so happy about something that distressed her so much .
for another thing , she was dreading the confrontation with her father , and any mention of her pregnancy seemed to remind her of what was ahead .
` ` it 's a damned good thing you did n't tell anyone but lisa you married him , '' he remarked a few days before halloween .
it baffles me why you young people have to complicate every little thing by inventing high - sounding words to confuse us .
meredith can solve the whole thing very simply by flying to reno or somewhere and getting a quiet , quick divorce . ''
` ` listen to me , philip , because i ' ve had time tonight to think this thing through .
it 's the most important thing in my life . ''
why was her career the most important thing in her life ?
` ` for one thing , your father has very little choice .
although she could n't very well unload all her news on him when he was so sick , by this afternoon he should be feeling well enough to discuss the whole thing rationally , and yet too weak to refuse to listen .
matt reacted automatically to the gesture , starting to extend his hand , but she suddenly pulled her hand just out of reach , and with a winsome smile she said , ` ` before you agree , there 's one thing i ought to warn you about . ''
without replying , matt reached for the mug and drank most of the coffee , then he leaned his head back and closed his eyes for several minutes , letting the heat and caffeine work their magic , blissfully unaware and unconcerned with the things that had plagued him the night before .
` ` there is one more thing , '' matt added .
` ` for one thing , i 'd like to know why you 're even angrier tonight than you were yesterday . ''
her secretary 's desk was cleared , her computer covered for the night , so rather than sitting down in the reception area , matt took off his coat and perched his hip on the secretary 's desk , pleased with this unexpected opportunity to see how meredith worked and what sorts of things occupied her days .
the only thing that had n't pleased and impressed him was her interaction with the one executive who 'd hassled her ; it seemed to matt that stronger measures had been called for , then and there , to cut him down to size .
` ` for one thing , because we could n't afford to fight off an attempt right now - we do n't have the money to put up a long , serious battle . ''
` ` they would n't dare invoke the morals clause over a thing like that ! ''
i already told you i was dazzled by your looks and breeding , and i was in love with you , but i 'd never have married you if it had n't been for one more thing . ''
` ` from the day i came to the farm to tell you what really happened eleven years ago , you ' ve been ruthlessly using everything i ' ve told you to manipulate things until they happen the way you want them to .
the next thing i knew i was hearing about bombs being found in the stores and how it was destroying b and c 's christmas business and causing the stock to drop . ''
the only thing that was tearing at his control was the knowledge that he had to direct one remaining scene between tony and rachel before they could wrap tonight - a steamy , violently sensual scene - and he did n't know how he was going to stomach that , particularly with the entire crew looking on .
for one thing , he 'd been ` ` acting '' for years before he left his grandmother 's house , pretending things did n't matter when they did ; for another , he was totally dedicated to a goal : he was determined to prove to his grandmother and everyone else in ridgemont that he could survive on his own and prosper on a grand scale .
for one thing , if he ran , then the jury would decide he was guilty even if they 'd been going to acquit him .
` ` the last thing i want to do is look nice for you .
` ` there 's one more thing : make certain my family understands that i ' m completely safe right now , but that if anyone traces this call , i 'll be in terrible danger .
` ` for one thing , i honestly did n't think of it , and besides , '' she added on a note of relieved inspiration , ` ` i did n't know where the car keys were ! ''
` ` for one thing , '' she whispered , ` ` the woman often feels the way i felt when you were inside of me . ''
they 'd spent the morning and afternoon talking about everything except the one thing julie was desperately interested in : his plans to find out who murdered his wife and clear himself .
she gave him a look of jaunty superiority that made him long to snatch her into his arms and kiss it off her soft lips as she said loftily , ` ` for your information , it can happen to anyone , mr . benedict , and being bright does n't have a thing to do with it .
` ` you 're wrong about one thing , '' she said softly .
one more thing , before i hurry to get this to the village in time for the weekly pickup - i want you to have some money for whatever you need or want .
he waded into his pool with all his clothes on , and the next thing i knew some broad about twenty years old rolled out of the pool and landed at my feet , stark naked .
` ` for one thing , diana copeland had a fling with austin years before , which was supposedly over .
` ` for one thing , the water is still running , the dishes are n't done , and you 're trying to wipe the counters .
somehow , the subject of justin came up , and the next thing i knew she was telling me that you murdered him after a fight over a girl and handing me a file full of news clippings where you admitted shooting him .
not one thing ! ''
the only thing that had given julie momentary pause was the question of a wedding gown and gowns for katherine , sara , and meredith , who she 'd decided should be her only three attendants .
right now , the important thing is that you love me enough to forgive me if i were to do something that might seem foolish or even very wrong to you . ''
for one thing , she needed to get away from the tropical sunlight before it scorched her fair skin right through her sunscreen .
warning flags went up in kate 's mind about his father 's apparent lack of any role in this reunion , but the last thing she wanted to do was pry further .
the only thing kate wanted to know now was how to extricate them both from this painfully serious topic .
the only thing she had n't decided on was what she should be wearing when he arrived to pick her up and how to wear her hair .
the local cops responded to his call , and they ' ve handed the whole thing over to us .
he leaned close and whispered , , for one thing , that ring will look very nice with whatever gown you wear to the children 's hospital benefit saturday night .
more thing , '' gray said as he stood up .
one more thing besides , '' he called .
sort of thing was n't of interest to me , '' gray admitted .
there 's one more thing , '' he added after he asked intercorp 's operator to connect him to matt farrell 's office .
the other thing that mattered was that an unmarked police car appeared to be after them !
instead she brought up the other thing worrying her - her father 's warning .
you may as well go and pack your things , for it 's certain - sure you 'll be turned off the place within the hour . ''
she had seemed a pretty little thing before , but he had n't expected her to blossom into a full - fledged beauty tonight , simply by shedding those unflattering black gowns .
colonials are ignorant of such things , but we english place the greatest importance on these matters of propriety . ''
although , from what i hear , the marriage thing is n't entirely settled . ''
there is one thing , however - a condition to all this - that i would insist upon . ''
` ` it is n't the sort of thing one discusses with anyone except one 's mother , '' victoria said , flushing again .
she would discuss this whole thing reasonably and rationally , she decided .
` ` well , use your eyes , for one thing .
of all the things that lay before him , his interview with his young ` ` widow '' was the only thing jordan was truly worried about .
` ` for one thing , because your plan seems to hinge on all of us going out in public right away .
` ` just one more thing , your grace , '' fawkes said as he also arose .
now all he wanted was to have the thing over with , so he could somehow begin blotting alexandra out of his heart and mind .
our proximity to hawthorne is suddenly making us quite popular with people who would normally not set foot in the country for weeks yet - they arrived yesterday , determined to have a look at how things were going with you and the duke .
and there 's one thing more , '' he stated , picking up the tea tray .
it was an absurd thing to discuss with anyone , especially a gentleman . ''
in fact , the only thing she had n't been able to deduce within a moment of meeting him downstairs was whether or not he was legitimate - but only because she had not been present at his conception , and so could not know whether he had been conceived before or after his parents ' unsanctioned marriage thirty years before .
the thing that bothered her the most was relatively minor .
for one thing , she was already engaged at the time , and , by her own admission , she 'd regarded their relationship as a flirtation .
` ` i was snooping in your things , '' she confessed , lifting her green eyes to his .
and there 's one more thing , '' she added in her most dire tone .
` ` for one thing , there 's every chance the young woman will get the cut direct tonight from half the ton - and that 's the half that will be willing to acknowledge her .
his grandfather , who had been apprised of the plan in the coach , carried the whole thing off with aplomb .
` ` one thing is certain - i was correct about having you go out in society .
no doubt she 'd want to get a little of her own back by pretending she did n't want him , but that was one thing that did n't concern him .
` ` you are not to consider that sort of thing , '' he said firmly .
` ` for one thing , when i saw ian at the blackmore he had no plans for the evening until he discovered what elizabeth was going to do at the willingtons .
` ` there 's one more thing , '' he added irritably .
mr . wordsworth simply needed more information about robert , and it 's a difficult thing to talk about with him . ''
` ` there 's one thing more .
` ` there 's one more thing , '' she informed him , lifting her quivering chin .
trying to buy time , ian turned around and carefully closed the door as if latching it with precision were the most paramount thing in his life , while he tried to decide whether she 'd looked happy or not to see him .
` ` the fact is that i married a brilliant man , who taught me to always put myself in the opponent 's place and try to lee things from his point of view .
one thing 's for sure : this day 's about to get a whole lot more awkward .
one thing i 'll say about arguing with cocky , auburn - haired jerks : it keeps your mind off of the things that are really bothering you .
i feel like such a soft little thing beneath his touch .
as ... diverting as his presence might be , i have some things i need to sort out - and casanova 's not going to be any help in that area .
` ` this place is n't so bad , all things considered , '' he says .
on the other , i ' m ashamed to admit that protection was the last thing on my mind , that if he had n't had the presence of mind to pause , i would n't have stopped him from doing anything he wanted with me , with or without a condom .
just little things here and there that might undermine the general public 's opinion about the place .
he must know that i ' m not going to spill the whole thing to him just because he 's recognized me .
it was one thing to decide to leave huntington manor , but to face my brother ... now ?
all the while the only thing callie wanted to discuss was how her parents had met , and why he had n't tried to keep in contact with her mom .
that kiss with dylan was the most amazing she 'd ever experienced and the only thing she 'd thought about since .
the only thing that mattered was what she planned to do now .
the only thing that mattered was getting to callie and convincing her to give him another chance .
right now the only thing he cared about was getting out of the city and to cliff house .
everything around him disappeared , the only thing that mattered was the woman in his arms who was now his wife .
so far he 'd tried to be polite about the whole thing but she just did n't get it .
` ` daycare not your thing , doc ? ''
no it 's not my thing .
he could n't understand why people found the whole thing so confusing .
she doubted there was single thing in his life he 'd ever wanted to do that he had not been able to do .
not a single thing stood out as being of any interest to this reporter .
then he forced his mind to focus on the meeting he had first thing in the morning .
for now i think the best thing to do is let the lawyers handle things . ''
jake was glad to hear that she sounded calm about the whole thing .
the paternity suit was just one more thing he did n't want to think about .
i figured skipping the whole love thing was better .
her entire life she 'd told herself marriage was the last thing she wanted , but now she wanted nothing more .
but this was more than just a physical thing for him .
then the whole thing would be out of his hands .
she 'd started doing it as a student teacher eleven years ago , and somehow it had become her thing .
the important thing was that she had not outright said no to him the other night .
eating was the last thing on his mind .
his father 's second wife had cleared the entire thing out not long after they married .
once back at his place , he 'd let her determine just how far things went .
however , when his last meeting ended early , the only thing he 'd been able to think about was getting back to providence early enough to see her .
in fact , the only thing on his mind was his bed .
marcus was oblivious to the whole thing .
you have n't eaten a thing ... how about you take a nice long hot shower , while i make us some dinner ? ''
he wanted us to have this successful life , full of the best education money could buy , but he forgot one thing : to leave that criminal life behind .
` ` mom , please , food is the last thing on my mind .
he 's so casual about the whole thing .
the only thing separating our skin is the fabric of his trousers , but his touch sends a thrill of excitement throughout my body .
all these thing are fine by me .
i ' ve come to accept this as his thing , but i like it .
` ` let 's be crystal clear about one thing .
i ' m going to throw in a little something else to spice things up . ''
i know what the f**kers are thinking because i have the same thing on my mind .
` ` but that 's the whole thing , mom .
they 're no longer a thing in private .
the first thing you 're going to do is sleep and you can get to those other things later if you feel well enough . ''
if things go well , this could quite possibly be the last moment we 'll share before our child finds its place in her womb .
it 's no small thing , what 's she 's doing .
` ` i can do that , but there 's one thing first . ''
the thing that 'll keep your mouth shut is the proof i have of you embezzling a shitload of money from this hotel , the very one we 're sitting in .
that 's one less thing for me to worry about .
` ` the only thing on my mind was donavon 's arrival . ''
` ` that is one thing only you can know for sure .
` ` it 's a good thing you did n't say ' patient , ' though .
but there was one more thing that she prayed she would soon have enough of .
but one thing crystallized until it outshone everything else .
she groped for something , anything , latched on the first logical thing that occurred to her .
but do n't worry about a thing , i 'll take care of everything . ''
yet one thing marred the perfection .
but one thing she could n't get her head around yet .
he could swear he heard his heart fracturing when she smoothed his hair , leaned her head on his shoulder and murmured , ` ` i ' m just telling you that you have more important things to think about , a whole country , and more , sooner or later .
it had been a good thing he had n't been anywhere near accurate imagining how sublime making love to her would be .
the one thing she had n't suffered on his account .
only one thing would stop him from taking her against that wall .
she only had one thing on her mind .
he watched her examining his every inch for a long moment , then he suddenly said , ` ` it just came to me , one more thing that i think caused your alarm .
but one thing she was n't pretending about .
the one thing he needed answered .
but there was one thing .
` ` and so , thinking your feelings were the only thing to consider , you refused to marry me .
as we left the arena , the only thing on my mind was the next morning .
` ` that 's not the only thing that 's big right now , '' he said , his hand settling on my thigh and rubbing slow , suggestive circles with his thumb .
we must ' ve entered his bedroom because the next thing i knew , silk sheets hit my back .
how did things go at his place ? ''
` ` you know , this whole cyber sex thing ? ''
` ` it 's a good thing you did n't know then . ''
next thing i knew , he placed his other hand on my pelvis below the belly button and pressed inward firmly .
` ` you know , boyfriend / girlfriend , that kind of thing .
that was a private thing : the only people who knew about it were vincent and riley .
` ` official policy is one thing .
things between us should n't have gone this far in the first place .
it was the only thing on my mind .
that gave me one less thing to worry about .
one thing has continued to bother me , and you could help with that .
he was trying to tell me something important , and the only thing i could think about was my own irrational fear .
for the next few minutes , i gave her a rundown of hunter showing up at my aunt 's place and how we agreed to work things out .
he needed me and i needed to get over this one last thing .
the next thing i knew , chewie started moving the weird device up and down as if he was scanning me .
compared to the lengths women went through on saturday night to be with him - myself included - lying was a small thing .
jax came around to my side and the next thing i knew , i felt light pressure through the back of my blouse , long fingers gently exploring the landscape of knotted muscles .
it 's a social thing for them . ''
` ` is n't it always a social thing ? ''
the last thing i wanted right now was to create drama or make things awkward on the bus .
the last thing i wanted right now was to create drama or make things awkward on the bus .
` ` it 's a little thing called ' chemistry ' , '' kev said , blowing on his knuckles .
i was relieved that the band was being so cool about it and i was happy that it was one less thing i had to worry about .
he 'd made a sweet gesture - but he 'd also made a complete disaster of things when we were together .
watching the voice with norma was pretty much the only thing on my agenda , and i could still catch the first half before i had to leave .
the whole thing was beyond my grasp .
next thing i was consciously aware of was being in the kitchen .
` ` i ' m sure the whole thing was exhausting .
it was the one thing ben was usually open about - his sex life .
the only thing that mattered at the moment was having jc as close as possible - having him in me in any way that was possible .
next thing i know , i was waking up in a cantina in mexico . ''
this was supposed to be a no - strings thing .
it would just be another thing i 'd report to the police later .
` ` i know we 're waiting until tomorrow for the sharing stuff , but how about one thing ? ''
he had his mind stuck on this one thing , for some reason , and there was nothing i could do to unstick him .
` ` the last thing i can clearly remember is sitting at that bar , thinking about you , thinking that if you would have just married me , it would have solved everything . ''
to be the only thing that mattered to a man .
his breath tickled her and maddie 's hands were no longer the only thing damp .
he 'd pestered her and flirted with her , as if the most important thing in her life could be getting laid by micah preston .
goodbyes were said and next thing maddie knew , she and bree were stepping in the elevator with micah .
was this seriously the only thing people cared about where micah was concerned ?
` ` some of you are especially talented with that kind of thing . ''
except , there was just one thing that niggled at her .
actually , the thing he felt the worst about where heather was concerned was not finishing what he 'd started .
the last thing i can recall is an incredible orgasm . ''
figuring out what to do about heather was the second thing on the day 's agenda .
but i do n't want it to be my thing .
in fact , it was probably a good thing that nat was there at the moment because otherwise he might very well be tempted to do just that .
next thing he knew , her hands were replaced with her lips .
had to tell her that i was sorry if i 'd given her the wrong impression , but that i sorta have a thing with someone else . ''
` ` oh , one more thing . ''
` ` that other thing is threatening to come up now too . ''
one more thing she had to do first - the interview .
that was the last thing heather registered before they were holding each other , their lips wrapped around one another , their tongues sliding together .
one thing was certain - i 'd be a lot more thoughtful about my choice of wardrobe in the future .
` ` let 's table my proposition to hire you for a moment and discuss this other thing further .
never mind that i 'd worried about the exact same thing myself , i was pissed .
` ` but first , let me clear up one thing that i suspect may be an issue .
sexual relationships are another thing entirely .
one thing . ''
` ` one thing and you 'll leave it alone ? ''
the important thing is- '' ` ` that we absolutely do n't work together .
but role - playing - that was a different thing entirely and likely up hudson 's alley .
with that worry abated , i could concentrate on the other thing niggling at the edge of my brain .
one thing and think carefully before you answer because i want to believe what you tell me . ''
one thing was certain , i was n't letting david get fired , whatever the reason .
` ` wait ; one more thing . ''
i have one more thing . ''
it was a good thing i was a pacifist , because otherwise i 'd have started planning her murder .
` ` honestly , i know there are things that i need to work through in the area of self - worth .
and the thing that really did n't fit into the equation - why was hudson the one who called norma ?
` ` wait , one more thing- '' the most important thing .
was that what the whole thing was about ?
next thing i knew , i 'd been pulled into his embrace .
` ` it 's very important and i ' ve had to be sneaky about the whole thing .
with a simple one - swing hit , the cops will often forget the whole thing .
there will be plenty of time for mr . pierce to get the whole thing dropped - which he will .
perhaps it was a female thing .
` ` the only thing i ' m worrying about now is you and my brother . ''
` ` there 's another thing . ''
i did n't believe it was even a real thing .
at this particular moment of my life , the only thing i want to spend time on is finding out more about alayna withers .
i squeeze my eyes shut , focusing all my strength and will on the thing i want - need - most .
now , the most important thing .
` ` i have to admit , this is n't my thing .
the deal is so close to coming to fruition , maybe that 's one thing i can share with alayna .
the last thing i want to do is complicate things for her .
it was just one more thing other people had knowledge about and he did not .
it hit him then , the one thing he had been carefully skirting around without actually grasping with both hands .
and if there is one thing i wish i could have changed in my relationship with him i wish i had known that he was not my blood father before he died , so i could have shown him how gut - wrenchingly grateful i feel for his loving me the way that he did . '
` ` you made it pretty clear you did n't want to talk about that sort of thing .
he would deal with one thing at a time , and today that was his mother .
all this time , she 'd told herself her career was the most important thing .
there was just one more thing to sort out .
` ` i was planning a whole song and dance routine around this , you know , violins , more roses , champagne , but it seems like we 're never going to do things in an orderly fashion . ''
it was probably a good thing that i was leaving .
male thing you know ? ''
this was obviously some kind of a mom thing .
the biggest thing , though , was the places you took me .
i thought about leaving and finding somebody to check the place out with me , but then i told myself that i was being ridiculous , that nobody was here , and besides , i had been handling things myself since i was a latch - key kid .
one thing i did not want to do right now was to listen to the story of why my neighbor was drunk , as adam and i drove him home and carried him up four flights of stairs .
i had a feeling mr . assistant district attorney might regret his liberal interpretation of philadelphia traffic laws in the morning , but right now he had one thing on his mind and it was n't moving violations .
it 's no big thing , but it might be kind of interesting .
he had changed one thing this time around -the lyrics to his song .
` ` about that other thing , though ...
i saw the assistant district attorney and the public defender approach the bench for a conference and the next thing i knew , judge epstein was bellowing at adam and me to join them .
next thing i knew , you and madison were standing there and launched into your version of the spanish inquisition . ''
i assumed it was a standard girl thing that you all hate convertibles - it messes with the hair and everything .
the last thing he wanted was to look like a horny teenage boy in front of her .
` ` i better get more cookies on the big plate thing .
no need to sugar coat things .
the next thing she knew , vincent 's lips crashed into hers .
as she stepped back into the warehouse , she had one thing on her mind .
` ` it 's a work thing . ''
he was the thing she most looked forward to when she walked in the door each morning .
` ` yeah , one more thing . ''
i brought hailey here once , but she did n't like it ; she said it was n't her thing and i was kind of hurt by it because this museum was one of my favorites .
the next thing i remembered was waking up in a hospital bed and my aunt was sitting beside me , crying . ''
even if it 's the smallest insignificant thing .
` ` not the whole thing , '' i slurred .
it 's hard to look at jackson and not have only one thing on my mind .
and that one thing involves getting naked and sweaty . ''
he smiled , but i could tell he only had one thing on his mind .
it 's a relief to have one less thing i have to worry about .
i remembered that a failed presentation was n't the only thing on her mind .
i wanted to let it go to voicemail because the last thing i wanted was to listen to her recriminations again , her absolute certainty that i was messing up my life .
i do n't think i can handle one more thing right now . ''
it was one less thing i had to worry about .
the only thing that was going through my mind was that room and all the things that sat inside it .
` ` just one more thing , '' i said .
` ` as to movies , i ' ve watched a few and i do n't think they were my thing either .
when my answer was out , i realized it really was n't a difficult thing to answer ; it was just new to me to discuss the subject openly with anyone .
it was a good thing that we only had another day and a half , or i might have fallen head over heels for the dominating , controlling , sexy as all hell , romantic man .
at the time , it was a pride thing ; i did n't want to admit that i needed anything from him or us , so i left with just my clothes .
i thought it was sweet that he noticed the little things .
we talked about the tour schedule , the travel plans and the venues we would play , but we steered clear of the thing we both needed to talk about most .
i must have lost consciousness for a few minutes , because the next thing i remember was waking up with my head in sienna 's lap , looking up at her pale , concerned face .
` ` one last thing , babe . ''
` ` there 's another thing i have to warn you about .
only one thing had made him hang on to his sanity , had stopped the spiral of retaliation he 'd embarked on .
but one thing you do n't have to worry about is him forcing me into anything . ''
gabrielle williamson 's eyes clung to one thing among the ebbing wave of people .
that was the one thing he had n't extrapolated as a reason for her sudden flight .
only one thing disturbed him .
among the bombs , she realized one more thing .
` ` that 's the one thing i took it upon myself never to try to influence you in , clarissa . ''
and she realized another vital thing .
one thing is certain - every person you know has more to them that they let on or that you 'll ever understand . ''
everything disappeared from his awareness except one thing .
but one thing stopped his elation in its tracks .
he took it all , gave more , one thing filling his awareness .
yet one thing trumped it all .
` ` do you drink two cups of hot paranoia first thing each morning ? ''
` ` now take your mind off of me and concentrate those formidable powers of yours on the most important thing .
the one thing that stopped him , besides the settling weariness of the whole thing , was that he knew she 'd resist .
one thing was certain , though .
this was the last thing she ... she ... then his lips twitched , one corner twisting up devilishly , belying the seriousness in his voice when he elaborated , ` ` if you do n't , you 'll sweat liters we ca n't replace . ''
good thing he did n't let her struggle for a comment , but went on .
there is another pressing thing i have to attend .
this was the one thing her informant had n't taken into consideration in his quest to destroy the aal shalaans .
and the most important thing is that you 're innocent . ''
` ` that is one thing you do n't joke about . ''
` ` this is another thing i almost had accidents fantasizing about . ''
that 's the one thing you could n't bring yourself to lie about .
but one thing trumped all .
if he had n't lost the whole thing , he would have cost his sponsors untold billions of wasted development financing .
` ` the only thing he left out was the number of cutlery pieces that have to be accounted for before he gives you the ' latter portion of the monetary settlement at termination of contract term ' ! ''
and to treat the whole thing accordingly .
` ` though i ' m dying to end our suffering , there 's one thing i want to do first .
that had been the first thing that had occurred to her when he 'd threatened to imprison them .
and that was the one thing that mattered to him .
but there was no trace of the all - out agitation and anger he 'd once experienced , when his work had been the central thing in his life .
if my decision did n't affect millions of people in both saraya and jareer , i would have given you the whole thing . ''
you 're all living in ecstatic - ever - afters because you did exactly what you wanted and never sacrificed a thing for ' our kingdom . ' ''
there 's another thing that would dampen my arousal .
one thing still had her red - alert sensors clanging , though .
all but one thing . ''
needing to take them away from such disturbing discussions , she asked one thing that had been worrying her since she 'd arrived here .
one more thing first .
one thing stopped him .
he turned around , giving them his back , one thing settled .
a juvenile demonstration at the door of the kingdom 's foremost politico - economic consultant is one thing .
but he had to concede that rashid was right about one thing .
the one thing that mattered to you was that i showed up for your scheduled sex sessions . ''
` ` and we 're back to the one thing that matters to you .
but one thing for sure .
but what mattered here was one thing .
there was only one other thing fadi had ever taken care of for him .
she 'd been the last thing he 'd thought about or considered when she 'd been his sex partner .
he sighed again , brought up the only other thing he had on his mind anymore .
one thing i ca n't figure out , though .
all my life , until her exile , my mother was obsessed with one thing .
one thing for sure , she 'd jump if only he said to .
yet said advantage was the last thing on his mind .
` ` one thing for sure , princess .
suddenly , every thought in his mind dispersed as they walked out of the hall , only to be filled with one thing .
this subject of kingship had become the one thing he dreaded thinking or hearing about .
there was one thing , however , she did n't share with them .
` ` it 's a good thing you 're here to hear this .
` ` so you 'll understand why dating , relationships , all that kind of thing is totally off the menu for me right now .
` ` you can see it now , that 's the important thing , and now it 's time to move on .
and piper was intuitive enough not to push the relationship thing .
only i ' m not interested in that sort of thing .
` ` but just remember one thing , michael .
i ' m not sure i can get involved with this sort of thing .
things fell into place without a discussion ; they each knew which position to assume both in the bedroom and out in the real world .
though he should have been thinking about what was happening to him , the only thing he could think about was how jase had deceived him .
` ` there 's one more thing i want to talk about right now . ''
but there was one thing luis had n't discussed with cory , and now was as good a time as any .
i did n't think it was a big thing to strip , being i was there for that reason .
he preferred to think about them in cider mill farm all the time , where things were casual and relaxed .
the only important thing now was finding camp .
it occurred to luis he had n't eaten a thing all day , and he had n't had an ice pop in so many years he 'd forgotten how they tasted .
toward the end of the speech , when luis thanked everyone who had helped him reach the point where the angel association could now have its own center for unwed mothers - as if the whole thing had been his sole responsibility - gage clenched his fists in his pockets and exhaled .
` ` one more thing , cory , '' luis said .
gage decided to take it all one step at a time , and the most important thing he had to worry about that weekend was finding out where luis 's and jase 's country house , cider mill farm , was located in pennsylvania and get there before jase and hunter arrived from alaska later that evening .
he crossed his heart and lifted his palm , trying to change the mood and make things lighter .
it 's not the most important thing in the world .
before cory left , he stopped and said , ` ` i ' m curious about one thing . ''
jase lifted his chin and said , ` ` where i come from , family is the most important thing in the world .
luis was right about the exhibition thing , and jase could n't argue with him .
with isabelle around to take care of hunter and camp and help with thanksgiving , they did n't have a thing to worry about .
` ` it 's a very dirty thing . ''
next thing you know there will be a vampire or a zombie knocking the door down . ''
this was a big thing for luis .
jase shrugged and asked luis , ` ` are we into that sort of thing ?
in less then five minutes , hood 's dick went soft and the last thing on his mind was sex .
the police did n't see any reason to make a big thing out of it as long as jase was willing to keep it quiet .
it 's just not my thing . ''
but the few times he and jase had smoked pot in the future luis noticed the only thing on jase 's mind was sex .
` ` just one more thing . ''
the only thing you have to worry about now is graduating , having fun , and starting college in the fall .
` ` and one more thing , '' luis said .
the next thing luis knew the reverend lifted his arms and shouted something in this deplorable , incoherent language and all the candles went out at once .
did you expect that we would sit around today and have a good laugh over the whole thing ? ''
as intrigued as he was , he knew one thing : he had to get the hell out of here before her mother detailed her favorite part and scarred him forever .
she was acting a little evasive about the whole thing .
raising a brow , suzy said , ` ` so this was n't a one - ride kind of thing ? ''
just the type of thing to reassure a man that he can work things out with his woman .
he had been right about one thing , though .
the one thing she had n't touched on was how horribly things had ended between them .
but he knew alexia was fragile and the last thing he wanted was to send her spiraling backward .
if variety was the spice of life , then things would never be boring with brant stone .
if she had n't been so embarrassed by the whole thing , she would have found his expression comical .
like we had n't discussed that very thing an hour before . ''
she might have been offended if the whole thing was n't so funny .
how about ... ' i know you 're busy today , but can you add one thing to your to - do list ?
his eyes almost bugged out of his head when he read - i know you 're busy today , but can you add one thing to your to - do list ?
most important thing is that we 're actually considering it , right ?
chuckling , he added , ` ` one thing , though ... where did you come up with the name mr .
it was nt a monumental thing , damn it !
i can certainly think of one thing that is nt safe with a man like him , he half - muttered , slanting chancey a knowing look .
there was one other thing he could nt get over , one thing that baffled him more than all the other questions swirling around her .
there was one other thing he could nt get over , one thing that baffled him more than all the other questions swirling around her .
like i was already a caught thing , his to enjoy .
` ` it did n't start out as a sexual thing . ''
i 'd tried to spice things up , showing up at his office late one night in nothing but a long coat and heels .
and somehow , in the flurry of insults that followed , will made me forget to act like a pathetic arse about the whole thing and i stopped worrying about whether sara was f**king with my head .
and as i came , jaw clenched , fists tight at my sides , i realized that sara , too , had made me forget to act like a bloody arse about the whole thing and stop worrying about whether she was f**king with my head .
the thing is , bennett was the right guy for chloe to work things out with .
the minutes seemed to drag by and , jesus christ , this really was the most boring thing i 'd ever sat through , science and strategies about science .
as soon as i stop and consider how well i ' m handling one thing , i see how rigid i am about something else . ''
` ` my dad 's always worked a lot but when he 's not at work , he becomes obsessed with one thing or another .
i walked out into the hall and locked my apartment , reminding myself , one thing at a time .
the whole thing . ''
` ` well , it 's a good thing you 're with me , then , '' he said , a bit arrogantly .
` ` the last thing i want is to upset you .
` ` but there 's one thing , linda . ''
it was n't my thing , but history was hard to shake .
my underwear bottoms , which i had n't given a thought to when i 'd dressed in the morning , were the only thing between me and the world .
` ` let 's go watch a stupid movie and talk about kevin 's thing .
we never did speak about kevin 's thing .
` ` this was the last thing . ''
things may have changed between us , but one thing did not remain undefined .
things may have changed between us , but one thing did not remain undefined .
-honestly , why bother if i ca n't scream your name ? - -you 'll scream- -i think i 'll just go home and wash my socks- i was getting out on the fifth floor when i realized the one thing that should get me home right away .
the hand dance became a sensual thing , as if i touched an imaginary man who had come too close to me when i felt vulnerable , who had touched me when i hurt , and who had made the mistake of caring about me when i asked him to .
i have things planned , and they include my place .
the whole thing .
the episode on the kitchen floor was the first thing i 'd worried about and the one thing i tried not to consider as a possibility .
the episode on the kitchen floor was the first thing i 'd worried about and the one thing i tried not to consider as a possibility .
` ` you say this is a small thing . ''
i try to think of such things : pretty metaphors about the ship , or the excitement of seeing another country for the first time in my life .
this is just one more thing to stay quiet about .
i 'd never change a thing . ''
one small thing . ''
` ` besides , '' he added with a mischievous glint in his eyes , ` ` who would n't want to have a gorgeous woman lying on top of him first thing in the morning ? ''
it was one thing for her to learn to enjoy taking pleasure in charlie 's arms - lots and lots of pleasure ! -but it was another thing entirely for her to lead the way .
the only thing that had mattered was taking care of his grandmother .
it was a surprisingly strong tug for such a little thing .
even though he knew he needed to be holding focus , that his goal was the most important thing here , not how much he wanted pretty anna , he had to pull her earlobe between his teeth and nip at it .
and the next thing he knew , his innocent angel was pulling him across the dance floor , through the throngs of people , and out through the casino so fast that even the paps did n't have time to catch a shot of them ... on the way to their wedding .
i just remembered one more thing i need to take care of .
but the woman was dead right about one thing .
she did n't know how he 'd done it , but she did n't care , not when the only thing that mattered was getting relief from the intense heat , the throbbing between her legs .
even bound by his clothes , it was like a living , breathing thing between them .
the only thing she cared about was making love to her husband .
it was the one question she 'd hoped no one would ask , the one thing she 'd hoped they would n't pick up on from her explanation .
and then her mother said , ` ` well , one thing 's for certain .
she was so lost in her delicious vision that the next thing she knew , he was swirling the head over her ni**les , using his forearms to push her br**sts together , so that he could drag the wet plastic across both in a sinful figure eight that had her arching her back up into his touch , almost forgetting her promise to hold her arms and hands in place at the headboard .
and it made her get way too close to the one thing that would rip her apart and tear her previously fine life to shreds when their temporary marriage ended .
` ` one more thing , '' cynthia said .
he wrapped his fingers around hers on the stem of the glass , but he was so hard he could n't control a damn thing anymore .
do n't worry about a thing . ''
kraft macaroni and cheese , if my mother really wanted to spice things up . ''
yet every time i tell myself to stay away from him , the next thing i know my legs are wrapped around his waist . ''
she turned to leave his office , then realized she 'd left out one very important thing .
` ` we need to talk about one more thing . ''
what was the one thing absolutely guaranteed to bring julie running to his side ?
` ` the only thing i care about , '' she continued , ` ` is you making a good impression .
she needed to stop freaking out over every little thing , thereby giving him endless ammo to hold over her .
` ` looks like i just have to take care of one last thing , '' she said , looking at his boxer shorts .
` ` one very important thing , '' ty said , and she laughed .
one thing he had no intention of ever discussing with julie was his father .
one thing was for sure : if ms . hotshot investigator was going to keep pushing him , he hoped she was prepared for him to push back .
even if it did n't mean a damn thing in the grand scheme of things .
` ` putting arsonists behind bars is the only thing that matters anymore . ''
right now the most important thing was to keep asking innocent little questions and find out as much as she possibly could about her suspect .
` ` you 're a mind reader , '' he said , glad to have one less thing to worry about .
and getting her out of the truck had been the only thing that mattered .
` ` the only thing that matters is finding out who did this .
but no amount of pouring out her soul over coffee would fix a goddamned thing .
he put the note in his pocket , but he could n't head out into the fire without doing one more thing : he had to kiss her .
the only thing they should have been focused on . ''
finally accepting that the most important thing was to get to april in one piece - and praying the two of them would be able to come up with an escape plan once they were together again - dianna straddled the leather seat while he shackled her arms and legs to the bike with sharp , thin chains that cut into her skin .
but the most important thing is that i love you , dianna .
she said , ` ` yes , i ' m okay , '' and then the next thing she knew he was hauling her to her feet and moving away .
in the small kitchen , she caught the heady scent of him , the clean smell of a man hard at work making things safe .
a strand of hair was in her mouth and the next thing he knew he was hooking a finger on it , his knuckle sliding against her cheek .
the orders poured in and soon every burner was covered and she was in the zone where the only thing she should be thinking about was the next order .
the only thing that mattered was getting ginger off the roof as quickly as possible .
her child was the most important thing in her world , and nothing - not even the hottest kiss ever with dylan sullivan - would change that .
it 's the only thing i ' m an inflexible tyrant about because i ' ve seen what happens when the watch system breaks down and people lose vital hours of sleep .
` ` that 's another thing i ca n't figure out . ''
that kiss was always the first thing mason wanted , and it never failed to move her how easily and sweetly affectionate dylan was with her little boy .
fashion was yet another thing she had n't given much thought to since having mason .
` ` one more thing , '' colbie said , leaving the dressing room for a few moments and returning with what had to be the greatest pair of shoes ever made .
but for tonight , there was only one thing she was one hundred percent sure about .
considering she 'd redone the beginning a dozen times already , it was probably a good thing that she was getting away from her computer for a while so that she did n't butcher the story by rewriting all the life out of it .
it was one thing for me to have this plan when i thought he was single , but now i knew he had a fiancee and i was still going through with everything .
` ` i suppose he 's right about one thing .
` ` except for one thing .
but then the one freaking time she trusted a man and let him in , he 'd cheated on her with his secretary and they 'd called the whole thing off .
he was always right , except for one thing .
such a normal thing , and yet so big .
even though any of her employees could have knocked on the door at any moment , she could n't bring herself to regret a thing .
for now , the only thing she should be worrying about was pizza .
maybe she could say she had a headache or claim the shrimp had n't agreed with her to avoid the whole sex thing altogether .
` ` i ca n't tell you right now because it sends johnny 's blood pressure through the roof , but let 's just say it was n't pretty and it 's not the kind of thing that these men will ever let go . ''
even going into the whole thing with inhibitions thrown out the window , she had known enough to assume one night was all it was going to be , and she had still gone with it .
but i know we ca n't fool around with this , that protecting pete and hunter is the most important thing .
most women would say no at that point , that it was the principle of the thing , but elec could have bet money that eve would say yes , and she did .
of course , she had been a nervous wreck about the whole thing and probably would n't have enjoyed herself as much as she could have .
` ` almost is the important thing .
maybe he did have one tiny little thing that he kept from most people , but it was n't a big deal .
is it a major thing ? ''
i can guarantee come monday you 'll have a different opinion on the whole thing . ''
her tongue , her hand , her lips were all sticky and slick and she rubbed her belly and her inner thighs over the comforter in the same rhythmic motion of her mouth , sliding into that amazing cocoon of pleasure , where time had no meaning and the only thing that mattered was her on him and him on her .
the whole thing suddenly seemed daunting again and suzanne clutched her water glass .
` ` but the thing is , suzanne , when you know that you love someone , those things do n't matter .
or was it just an age and maturity thing ?
he should have thought the whole thing through a little better the night before , given that he 'd been the sober one .
not your thing ? ''
it was such a small thing .
i was too broke to let a little thing like room temperature beer stop me .
maybe even other places if things went according to plan .
frankly , he was starting to wonder the same thing himself .
if he said he wanted a theme wedding , she might have to rethink the whole thing .
a little too much reality for her first thing in the morning .
` ` trust me , that 's the last thing on my mind .
maybe he could let the whole thing go if just once his mother admitted that perhaps it had been a poor choice , but she did n't .
that was the last thing she needed to think about right now .
the last thing he wanted to do was actually hurt her .
we 'll knock this out in a few hours , and with charity and harley 's help , you wo n't need to worry about a thing . ''
just let my sisters and mom handle the whole thing . ''
the only thing worthy of my attention was you . ''
he was a man who focused on one thing at a time , she had learned .
there was one thing that was likely a secret from mary jane .
but there was one thing he was certain about .
the last thing he needed to do was add someone like holly into his already complicated life .
she now understood what every teen boy felt in a dark family room with the object of his lust , because the only thing she could think about was how desperately she wanted his hand to shift higher and tear her jeans off of her .
it was a good thing he was acting as tour guide .
he needed to work this thing slowly , seductively .
that sounded like a real thing .
she guessed the thing was old news to him .
good though they were , rebecca was n't going to let a little thing like eating get him off the hook .
i ' m pulling out the whole thing . ''
` ` that ... that is a private thing ! ''
` ` the other thing , '' trey said .
that , at least , would have been slightly less pitiful to share with teresa - or not share , if she 'd decided to be a lady about the thing .
the only thing on my mind right now is a hot shower to scrub old man off me and then sinking into a bubble bath until i turn into a prune .
the only thing that matters is the lingerie i ' m wearing and how hard i have to f**k until the guy comes .
this is n't a tiny thing that can be swept under the rug and forgotten .
it wasn't - it isn't - my thing .
` ` because it was n't my thing .
i 'll think about this photography thing and call you , okay ? ''
` ` uh , sure thing .
parties like this were n't her thing .
once things settle down , we can find a more permanent place for you .
` ` for one thing , it 's national .
it 'll be a loss there if you leave , but you ca n't stay with one thing when you 'd rather be doing something else . ''
and that was the only thing that mattered .
but having escaped him now , one thing was certain .
next thing i knew , sunlight , muted by drawn curtains , streamed through the room .
it 's first thing in the morning .
next thing i knew , he lifted me into his arms and carried me out of the kitchen , through the entryway , and toward the two bedrooms in the back of the apartment .
` ` you 're wrong about one thing .
if i leave it to you , you 'll screw up a sure thing .
she lost track of time and place ; the only thing that mattered was the collision of her body and his hand .
not a damned thing .
for one thing , he needed time to adjust to the heady emotions and what went along with them .
going up to his room could only lead to one thing , and despite her exhaustion , her palms grew damp at the heady thought .
` ` because you would n't be the first , for one thing . ''
but the one thing that stood out as if he could read her mind was her guilt over her knowledge about her sister .
next thing i know , i ' m learning that he 's an undercover cop and i have to be stashed at a safe house until the operation is over . ''
tired of tossing and turning , she rose at dawn and made her way to the small room quinn used as an office , determined to focus on the one thing she could control .
` ` it 's a good thing you paid more attention during this case of yours or both my daughters would be gone . ''
i just replayed that whole conversation in my head and in all my soul - baring i forgot the most important thing . ''
` ` do n't worry about a thing , '' he told the other woman .
damn , why could n't one thing in his life be easy right now ?
` ` well i suppose i want to teach her the proper way to behave for one thing . ''
` ` the first thing i discovered was that zoe 's hunch about you was correct .
not a single , solitary thing .
` ` so you 're really not into the whole bachelor blog thing ? ''
next thing i know , a new web site idea 's come to me .
` ` i ' m listening ... '' ` ` for one thing , i ' m very good at what i do and i was thinking , even with a book published by a small press , you need a web site .
normally , lexie took her time before getting this close to any man , especially since drew , but this thing with coop seemed to have a life of its own , which meant it was only a matter of time before they ... she shut her mind down , deliberately not finishing the thought .
but they had been interrupted and the message reminded her of the one thing they had n't yet discussed .
it 's the first thing i asked about - after inquiring if you were okay , of course . ''
coop held her , his groin twitching against her back , but clearly his thing and his brain were n't on the same page , because his limbs grew heavy and his breathing deepened .
which led to the next thing that preoccupied her thoughts .
if given a choice , charlotte would prefer that the whole thing stay buried and lexie continue to look at her with stars in her eyes .
shopping really is n't my thing . ''
there 's one more thing , '' sylvia said , glancing at charlotte as she always used to do , for the okay .
but the important thing now was that lexie remembered enjoying something about being here - and was n't that a shock , she thought wryly .
and no excuses if you failed , '' jack said , rubbing coop 's face in the one thing he knew his son could not handle .
then there was the lingering curiosity about what would happen if they took things further and tested this thing that had been simmering between them since their days as partners .
there was just one more thing standing between them .
for the first time , he could understand his brother 's issues with his wife running the place alone , always distracted by one thing or another .
his side business was the only thing stress - free these days .
but he realized now that while he 'd believed he was consumed with kim , it had been a sexual thing , not an emotional one .
` ` i guess i just like the idea of having a place where i feel a part of things , you know ? ''
never before had she felt vulnerable to a man , and though she 'd gone into this thing with rafe knowing it was risky , she 'd never imagined that sex could lead to such complications .
` ` because before me , you ' ve only dated men interested in one thing , '' he said pointedly .
` ` then it 's a good thing i know exactly how to keep you busy passing time , '' he said in a voice designed for seduction .
` ` one thing at a time .
not that she had to worry about such a thing .
the last thing he intended was to play with her emotions , but every time she was near , his own feelings rampaged out of control , causing him to act contrary to common sense .
` ` the one thing i ca n't figure is what the women 's reaction will be . ''
computers replaced the old smith corona typewriters now , and the trees were larger , the roots buried deeper , but otherwise things had n't changed .
he held out his hand , and next thing she knew , he led her back into the bedroom until they were comfortably settled on her frilly double bed .
next thing i know she 'll be interfering with my social life too . ''
her thoughts jumped from topic to topic , but one thing stuck with him .
next thing you know she 'll be demanding more rights , like the tv remote .
the irony was , kendall needed the same thing , and as the oldest sibling she had the ability to fix things for them both .
so far the only other thing they 'd agreed upon was the fact that they 'd create his birthday surprise instead of purchasing an impersonal store - bought item .
` ` she also raised you to take this sort of thing behind a closed door . ''
the only thing she had decided was to put pearl and eldin in the guest house and make their living there rent - free a condition of sale .
she was n't afraid of kendall and after a few minutes of head scratching , she rubbed against her legs and next thing kendall knew she 'd rolled onto her back for a belly rub , exposing her private parts for the world to see .
beyond that i ' m sure she 'd like the whole thing dropped , '' charlotte said .
if you 'll recall , a little thing like a fake heart condition got my sons to participate in that ridiculous coin toss and put roman on a wife hunt .
but one thing finally jumped out in his mind .
your words do n't change a damn thing .
this was one thing that lucah and sloane saw eye - to - eye on .
the best thing to do was try to take as much pressure off him as possible by doing my job as best i could and trying to handle things so they did n't escalate and get to him .
no , i was just doing my normal thing and freaking out about things that probably did n't need to be freaked out about .
` ` must be a ginger thing , '' i said , poking lucah in the stomach .
i almost opened my mouth and spilled the whole thing to her , but that would have crossed some sort of boundary that i did n't think i should cross with my assistant .
that was the other thing we 'd never talked about , but which i knew , without her even having to mention it , that my mother was thinking about .
i turned my attention away from violet and back on the meeting , but the next thing on the agenda was lucah 's presentation .
i dealt with the violet thing first .
he just shut my mouth with a kiss , and the next thing i knew he was going down on me and i was coming and then he was inside me and then ... the front door shut .
that was one thing sloane would not be able to hide or lie about .
` ` oh , and i ' m very interested to see how things go with violet .
` ` this whole thing is so awkward .
i wanted to ask him again if he was okay , but that might be a thing we could talk about tonight when we shared what was bothering us .
we had two and a half weeks until the event , but there was one thing standing in the way of my enjoyment of getting to go .
i could n't feel my hands or my feet and the room started to swirl in my vision , but one thing was stable .
` ` well , the problem is that clearly , if this is something , it 's an internal thing , which means that i ca n't make a big deal of it , or whoever it is will be tipped off .
i 'd suggest all kinds of things to spice things up , but he 'd looked at me like i was a deviant and so i dropped it and tried to be content with missionary .
` ` well , it sounds like this coffee thing is going to be no problem .
` ` there was one other thing i wanted to ask you about .
` ` well , dessert is in the oven , and i have some things i need to take care of at the studio , so the place is yours for the night .
this was n't the most important thing he 'd lied to me about , but a name was an important thing .
this was n't the most important thing he 'd lied to me about , but a name was an important thing .
to a teenager with the most humungous crush , that was a really big thing .
chapter four all of three seconds had passed since connor brought the ferrari test driving car to a halt on the empty test - track circuit and the very thing that he had been trying to gain a reprieve from for even just a short time came rushing back to the forefront of his mind .
the tabloids have made a big thing of it .
she would n't have to worry about how her will seemed to crumble when he touched her because the whole thing would have been her doing .
only one thing concerned her : warren was a very crap liar .
sure , it was only a sweater but it was the first thing item of clothing she bought with her first wage from ollie .
she had always made a point not to have any such things having grown up in a place where things generally were n't yours for long .
` ` one thing he could n't help me out with is why you wanted him to get me back to his house .
sadly for the designer , this kind of thing was n't for her and she told him as much in the most frank way possible .
only one thing in his life was separate enough from her that it did n't make him think of her : racing .
` ` you do n't need to worry about a thing .
then there 's a bubble bath and some other sexy stuff i had in mind to fill the rest of our evening , so the last thing i want to do is hang out with hank 's ho .
` ` the whole thing 's a shambles .
i can not concentrate on a single thing besides the last conversation i had with ingrid when i dropped her off at her car following brunch .
if he tells me he slept with her i ' m going to have to second - guess this whole extra button un - done thing .
i have the whole thing figured out ; now i just need a willing partner .
of course , ms . meechum is right about one thing ; networking is much more effective when done with an attractive woman at one 's side , and the ad does in fact say that she 's attractive .
a sliver of guilt niggles at me , enough so that it 's annoying to remain silent over the whole thing .
i held my arms out , delighting in the dizzying madness , no longer caring about the thing that had been bothering me .
she played lie detector every time i was with her , but she still always surprised me with her intensity over the whole thing .
i smiled , rejoicing in the fact that my earlier screw - ups were now sources of strength for me , and i did n't have to change a thing to make that happen .
my brain was moving as fast as it could in this weird place with almost no clues to help me figure things out .
and the ben thing ... we need to talk before you go . ''
but it was all too jumbled up with things i just did n't understand or even know the first thing about .
but she was right about one thing ; whatever bad blood or memories they had between them could be discussed later .
in the end , the only thing that matters is that you try and that you not get too upset when things do n't work out . ''
in the end , the only thing that matters is that you try and that you not get too upset when things do n't work out . ''
it was when it happened in reality that i tended to kind of screw things up and say the first thing that popped into my head .
every time i come into contact with her magic , i or someone i care about gets burned , which is another thing i 'd like to add to our list of suspicious crap .
about the generally speaking thing ? ''
` ` you mean the whole human thing ? ''
` ` the greek mythology thing ? ''
he did n't want her getting any ideas about him , thinking that he was anything other than a cold man with one thing on his mind .
not much struck blake with fear these days , but the topic they were about to embark on was the one thing that could bring him to his knees .
you ca n't run to the doctor for every little thing . ''
then blake calls and i ' m dragged here against my will , and the next thing i know punches are being thrown .
just one more thing in a long line of things she had never thought she would have any part of before .
just one more thing in a long line of things she had never thought she would have any part of before .
the only thing in her life that mattered was little justin .
she should just get the damned thing over with .
` ` mckenzie took pity on me since we were working late tonight and i have n't had a thing to eat all day . ''
as he slipped his fingers beneath her jacket and began moving them up her side , he had one thing in mind , and only one thing , and that was to feel her breasts and find out whether they were as soft and pliable as he 'd dreamed about .
as he slipped his fingers beneath her jacket and began moving them up her side , he had one thing in mind , and only one thing , and that was to feel her breasts and find out whether they were as soft and pliable as he 'd dreamed about .
he shrugs like it 's no big thing at all and continues measuring .
` ` you know '' -he shakes his head and paces away , then turns around and glares at me- '' i thought you 'd come to your senses and at least call her , try to work things out , but when i finally dropped her off at her place this afternoon and you still had n't tried to contact her , i decided you needed a come - to - jesus talk .
and neil had been right about one thing .
i 'd keep an open mind , but i was n't into that sort of thing really .
` ` i want the real thing .
so very ethan of him , wanting his way in all things , but he did allow me to turn his hand palm up and hold it .
he overwhelmed me from the first and was definitely a demanding lover , but one thing was certain , i wanted everything he 'd ever given me .
this was another thing we had yet to discuss but was crystal clear from the very beginning .
i wanted to drag her to me and shake her , force her to understand that this bullshit break - up was a thing of the past .
this whole thing would have slipped away into oblivion if not for that plane crash .
i went through the front entrance today after parking because i wanted to buy every major us newspaper and have them scoured for any small thing .
` ` that 's not the only thing you 're losing your mind over , or so i ' ve heard . ''
` ` what about the other thing ? ''
ethan had come downstairs this morning cheerful and affectionate , as if we 'd never discussed a thing of importance last night .
fred and i started out the same way , e , and i would n't change a thing about us or when the babies came .
i guess it was just one more thing to discuss with my therapist .
it was a small thing to some , but for me , it was huge .
i was serious , and would pull out of the whole thing if it was truly what brynne wanted , but man , my sister would kill me over and over again for it .
but he was my man , and that was the important thing .
` ` this is not a simple thing to me , '' he whispered , fingering through the tangled length with both hands .
it was often the last gentle thing he did before things got really dirty and wicked .
i wondered what he thought about the whole thing , but i did n't really want to discuss it with him .
the one thing might make the next days marginally bearable .
i think we can safely call this thing a wrap .
considering he came at the whole dating and girl thing from the perspective of a straight male , that was a pretty handy perk .
i would have called the office and talked to jahn 's secretary , but it was saturday , and this hardly seemed like the kind of thing i should bother her at home for .
i was about to ditch the whole thing and give flynn or kat a call , when i realized there was one more place i could check .
i finished the outfit with strappy black sandals with four inch heels and a small red purse to tie the whole thing together .
` ` one thing i forgot to mention , '' he said , as he settled in beside me .
though there is one more thing i 'd like to ask you to do .
it 's not the kind of thing i should joke about .
i considered dropping the whole thing .
` ` because if this really is the last thing keeping you from being fully legitimate - from getting out of that damned fbi spotlight - then i want to help .
` ` i do n't think you have a thing to worry about there . ''
i 'd turned the television on in a brutal and obvious effort to knock all thoughts of tyler , amy , the whole damn thing , from my head .
but since the only thing worth watching was law and order , i was doing a piss poor job of getting clear .
` ` one more thing , greg , '' he said into the handset as he tossed a ring of keys onto his desk .
` ` first of all , we do n't have a thing to hide at destiny , so it 's not really an inconvenience having you inside . ''
` ` just a little thing .
one little thing in the grand scheme of his world , but it 's gon na make your daddy a rich man . ''
except for one small thing .
` ` just one other thing .
` ` listen , there 's one other thing .
` ` is it your thing ?
i wanted this - i might have started out angry , but cole had turned it all around on me , and now the only thing i wanted was to feel him inside me .
but those were minor things , and completely buried under the pleasure that fell over me like a blanket - the pure , sweet satisfaction of knowing that my mouth , my touch , had taken him to the edge , and was about to push him over .
` ` for one thing , the wedding 's too close for that .
` ` turns out i could work the cake thing into my schedule , after all . ''
this , i think , is the only thing that 's important .
` ` just the whole thing , '' i say .
he knows too well that the whole thing went over fabulously .
because stark called first thing this morning and told carl he was n't going to invest . ''
that 's not my thing .
the man sure does love to control every little thing .
` ` i guess that 's not the kind of thing you were going to try to be more open with me about , huh ?
not a goddamn thing .
damien stark is the one thing about which i ' ve not become complacent .
the thought that a man like damien stark would want me , much less my portrait , was the furthest thing from my mind .
not a goddamn thing now .
the vodka goes to my head and i must drift off , because the next thing i know the mattress is shifting , and i ' m opening my eyes and seeing the most gorgeous sight ever .
about the times he let me go on believing that it was just a business thing .
i ' m hurt and i ' m confused , but right now i just need to focus on one thing .
` ` just one more thing .
` ` we would not joke about such a thing . ''
the one thing in all the world he did n't want made public came out of the sky like a meteorite and smashed him in the head .
i want the entire thing gone over with a microscope .
that 's one thing settled then .
i want him on this first thing . ''
my body is the only thing you could possibly be interested in , i presume ?
just another thing to worry about where she was concerned .
` ` are you into that sort of thing ? ''
i ' m sorry , but this is another thing i ca n't explain to you . ''
` ` one more thing , then a hotel , okay ? ''
she 's hid it well from the public , but it 's hard to hide a thing like that from your family , especially the ones that have a borderline genius iq . ''
but one thing in particular was the most perturbing of all .
` ` not one thing .
i broke up with the poor girl immediately , trying to be as gentle as i could about the whole thing .
i did n't drag her out of her lounge chair , but it was a close thing .
and yes , he and i are done , but there are rules to this kind of thing .
i 'd likely be mortified in the morning over what we 'd done , but i thought the entire thing was too new for my shocked mind to react appropriately .
she finished the whole thing , then blamed me for letting her have it .
let me finish this last thing , and then i 'll take you back . ''
` ` it 's usually an all - day thing .
` ` it 's just kind of a monthly thing .
i searched for the words to explain this to tristan without sounding like an insensitive jerk about the whole thing .
my vision had gone into tunnel vision just then , with only one thing on my mind .
during ... during was another thing entirely .
it was our wedding , and we 'd be back because one thing was certain , we would n't be sleeping tonight .
it was the last thing i wanted to talk about .
` ` people should not get married until they have reconciled a thing like this .
one thing was for certain , though , and it held true for all the kelly children .
the last thing he wanted was for her to take off from the hotel room because she no longer wanted to be around him .
` ` it 's a woman thing .
the only thing i ' m struggling with is my belief that a woman in your class could possibly want me . ''
since he was starving for her and food was the furthest thing from his mind , he simply nodded his agreement and then called in their order .
but damn it , her first time should be perfect and he was suddenly seized by fear that he 'd royally botch the entire thing up .
it was a career she would n't change a single thing about .
this was certainly out of the line of duty for them , and the last thing he wanted was to cause discomfort between the two since they roomed together .
was she just another woman all too willing to give up control in the bedroom , live for the fantasy then forget the whole thing the next morning ?
do you know since i ' ve started pursuing this whole wanting a man to take care of me thing , that i ' ve had more offers than i ' ve ever gotten in my life ? ''
` ` i ' m not too happy about any of this myself , but right now , the most important thing is making sure faith is safe .
see , that was the other thing .
you can scream as loud as you want , sweet thing .
it was the farthest thing from my mind then , though .
one of those long frustrated days where every little thing went wrong and built up and culminated in a shouting match .
` ` a heart attack is no small thing .
would the situation warrant concern if what was between jenny and vic was a thing of the past ?
but why should that matter , really , if her nightmares became a thing of the past ?
` ` you 're fired up about the whole thing , are n't you ? ''
the only thing that was of significance was the scalding orgasm that he had deep inside her body , that nirvanic moment of pleasure when all memories were swept blessedly clean .
` ` the only thing we should have to worry about is pregnancy .
the painting was the only thing he wanted , and surely the working conditions were adequate for that .
` ` there 's just one other thing , '' he said .
she wanted nothing more than to twist in his lap and get pressure on her clit ... to hump against his cock like a wild , shameless thing .
the only thing i ' m truly focused on is sex ... and getting my way , '' he stated harshly , making her start and stare back at him in shock .
` ` well , i ' m not interested in that ' sort of thing . ' ''
her experience with dating - or lack of it - was not really the sort of thing she wanted to discuss with a sophisticated man like ian .
the next thing she knew , he 'd leaned over and captured her mouth .
were they even talking about the same thing ?
why did n't i remember this was just a sexual thing , a matter of convenience for you ?
the important thing was that she 'd found it ... that she 'd delved into another layer of what was undoubtedly a deep , rich vein of her many talents and glories .
` ` you make it seem like that 's such a small throwaway thing .
he grabbed ahold of the pommel , and the next thing she knew he was straddling the saddle behind her , his large body reassuringly solid and warm behind her .
this little thing could get a girl into real trouble , elise thought dazedly as ecstasy swamped her and she burned in bliss .
` ` it 's a good thing you pay maria so well , '' she mumbled , blushing .
i led you to believe my mother was dead- '' ` ` that 's the last thing you should be concerned about right now , '' lucien said .
one thing was certain , the people in the local village insinuated that kam had lived illegally on the aurore property for a while now .
` ` there is one thing : if my goal is to do preliminary sketches while i ' m there , i 'll need all my materials available when i arrive . ''
he grunted , and the next thing she knew , he turned her and he was sliding her dress up over her ass and hips , bunching the material at her waist in a fist .
the next thing her lust - impaired brain knew , he held her tightly against him , her back against his hard torso , his arms wrapped around her waist tightly , his face pressed against her neck .
` ` it 's a good thing one of us does , '' he murmured , pushing the grape between her lips .
in fact , the thought of arousing him from such a small thing pleased her inordinately .
there 's one other thing .
` ` i ' m glad we 're in agreement on at least one thing , '' she murmured .
` ` at any rate , we can ask kam what he thinks about the whole thing .
one thing was for certain : he 'd run up against her walls again .
they 'd gone from combustible lust to uncontrollable , wild , blistering sex to lin saying the only thing they had to discuss was business .
lin asked , despising herself for not being able to just walk away and dismiss the whole thing .
things looked very full in his crotch area .
` ` so phoebe is n't a serious thing , '' she said softly .
` ` i might have to take my word back on one thing .
` ` it 's a good thing you 're not wearing any panties . ''
i do n't want this to just be a one - time thing .
she was jonesing for the kind of roll in the hay that would demolish the tension in her shoulders , let her forget the things she wanted to forget .
` ` and do n't worry about a thing .
` ` that leaves things pretty much wide open . ''
one less thing for him to worry about .
that clear things up for you , sugar ? ''
but hell , he did n't know how to right this ship without spitting out the one thing he wanted to keep secret , so he could barely string together words in any sort of intelligent order .
and that 's why it 's a good thing i know the owner of cara 's bridal boutique where we got your dress .
that was n't his thing .
but at some point after that , one thing became painfully clear to him .
it 's not my thing .
the last thing he wanted was to hurt her , even though her words both scared him and thrilled him .
` ` if it were up to me , you 'd be naked all the time with me , so this seems like the way things should be , '' he said , reaching for her body lotion , pumping some into his palms then dropping down to his knees and smoothing the lotion into her bare legs .
he had one thing on his mind .
` ` one more thing , '' kat said in a low voice as she grasped casey 's arm , wrapping her fingers around it .
` ` oh , and one more thing , '' jack said as they neared the veranda .
` ` i ' m not worried about a damn thing when it comes to you . ''
` ` one more thing , kane .
he moved fast , but stopping him was the last thing on my mind .
turning around , i saw his expression telling me i could n't push the car thing more .
it 's not really my thing .
i know it 's not your thing . ''
` ` it 's my thing because it 's your thing , shay . ''
maybe winning was n't the most important thing after all .
` ` then it 's a good thing he wanted her to work for him . ''
crystal clear even first thing in the morning , they focused on me immediately .
it was a small thing , but a rush of excitement pulsed through me .
thorns stuck into my palm , making the whole thing even worse .
that we had n't said it did n't mean a thing .
if we 're going to be married , i have to know about even this kind of thing . ''
for those of us without money , it 's a big thing and we always think about it . ''
` ` just one thing , but i ' m working on that . ''
my father was murdered and i 'd forgotten the whole thing !
raising his gaze to look at me , he said in a serious voice , ` ` i knew i had one more thing to talk to you about .
oh , one more thing .
he let me in and quickly pushed by me to clean up the things on his coffee table and a laptop on his couch .
swallowing hard , i said , ` ` just one more thing .
the trunk contained blankets and clothes , but as i pushed my hands through them to see if any papers were hidden there , i realized i was searching through baby things .
` ` you say that like it 's some small thing .
as i left with jana to head down to the lab , i hoped what she found out was something simple and not the one thing that would put an end to all my dreams and happiness .
most days it involved an odd need to clean and straighten things , which confused maria , but she was sweet about it , even if she could n't understand why i trailed behind her tidying up rooms she 'd just finished cleaning .
besides i did n't want anything marring this one thing that was mine and mine alone .
one more thing , when she asks you about this later you will give her your support one hundred percent or there will be hell to pay . ''
since meeting my blossom i ' ve been acting totally out of the ordinary , what was one more thing ?
it was almost time for her to return to classes but there was one more thing before i let her go .
she 's the most important thing in your fucking life you ' ve gone after lesser things with more fire do n't punk the fuck out .
this was n't making any sense to me at all it was such a little thing after all .
one thing was for sure , the man was a sick bastard , and i will do everything in my power to keep her away from him .
there was still one more thing i needed to do though .
i have n't really had time to let it sink in everything was coming at me hard and fast but one thing was certain , i ' m happy as fuck at the idea .
just get her better and go from there gideon one thing at a time .
` ` hey blossom , after you ' ve eaten , i 'd like to talk over some things with you okay ? ''
somehow he seemed to think things might get out of hand so he 'd found an out - of - the - way place in which to conduct our business .
` ` just one more thing , what about the kids , the babies and toddlers they ' ve been snatching off the streets of america ? ''
at least i was sure things were running smoothly under the watchful eyes of the men i had in place for just such an occasion .
my boys both local and abroad have been going at this thing hard , that 's why the information was pouring in so seemingly effortlessly .
` ` lets put this shit away until we take care of the other thing first .
the one thing that kept me on the edge as to what exactly i was going to do .
just one more thing for me to worry about .
one thing 's for sure , if jason starks had betrayed us kid or not he was done .
` ` that 's the other thing i wanted to talk to you about , '' the visitor sighs , ` ` about your next match , my boy ... '' ` ` what is it ? ''
one thing is for sure - i ' ve never met another person like declan tiberi in my life .
one thing is certain - i need my best friend 's help on this one .
chapter eleven one thing becomes clear very quickly , once declan 's returned from his week away .
one thing is certain : i ' m not going to be able to stand being kept in the dark much longer .
` ` i want to , '' i tell him , ` ` i do ... '' ` ` there are things about me that you ca n't know , '' he says firmly , planting his hands on my waist , ` ` for your own safety , and for the safety of my club , you ca n't be in on certain details of my life .
but you 're right about one thing .
there 's only one thing i ' m still desperately curious about - the name of that man who so seized my attention at the bar .
that 's the kind of thing one ought to be transparent about , kelly . ''
` ` it 's a good thing you 're book smart , '' declan says , ` ` cause you ' ve got no clue about the real world . ''
as if it were the easiest thing in the world .
his arms are the only thing keeping me from melting , running down the drain with the swirling water .
` ` it sounds urgent , '' leo allows , ` ` but do n't you worry about a thing .
` ` we 'll get you set up with an apartment , introduce you to the other agents- '' ` ` wait a minute , '' i interrupt him , ` ` a transfer is no small thing .
` ` oh , and one more thing , agent , '' mitchell says .
if the slightest thing goes wrong , i 'll have to act without hesitation .
except for , you know , the whole fbi thing .
` ` one thing at a time , '' i tell him .
` ` for one thing , why you 're so obnoxious . ''
he ignored her comments about her pregnancy for the moment , concentrating on the one thing he could deal with .
it was a twin thing he supposed .
he smiled down at her , pleased he could make her happy with such a small thing .
by the time i got to dane 's i was just ... spent ... next thing i know i ' m waking up to you slamming the door as you left - at least i assume that was you . ''
` ` well , the cooking is the primary thing .
the fire within her had reignited and the only thing that was rushing through her mind was how much she needed him filling her .
however , she 'd been pretty sore when he carried her from the sex room and the last thing he wanted was to hurt her further .
` ` i need to clear up a few things , '' i said as i smoothed my skirt back in place .
until now , this thing with shane had been more like a game , a naughty , exciting game .
as for the other thing , that was my fault .
because now it was n't just a casual thing .
` ` oh , one more thing , stella .
at this point , the only thing that mattered was that i found someone that made me feel different ... inimitable .
my emotions were all over the place , but one thing stood out and that was jealousy .
` ` penguins are your thing ? ''
why was i always so apologetic about every goddamned thing ?
the only thing i found myself unhappy about was the fact that i could n't remember what happened that night on the beach .
but in my head the only thing i could think about was how i wanted david to come and hold me in his arms .
i ' m not sure i can really do much about that , but i can help him with the gay thing . ''
` ` yeah , um , that 's another thing i wanted to talk to you about .
on friday morning during his appointment with his therapist , janet , ian spent the first half of the hour staring at her spider plant and talking about all the things he 'd been avoiding during his previous sessions .
finally , it was either talk about his mother 's death or talk about the other thing he 'd been trying to avoid .
next thing he knew , he 'd be calling sam ` ` kitten '' or something .
one more thing to ask his therapist .
but it was all a painful mishmash , and the only thing he could reliably identify was the twisting ball of fear whenever he thought of sam .
he tried to lift his head and his headache ratcheted up another notch when the thing around his forehead pulled him back .
next thing tierney knew , he was hugging the wall like a gecko , hips straining to push even farther into the opening , the rough edges of particle board and laminate biting into the skin of his thighs , and then - thank fuck - someone 's breath on his cock .
it 's not a power thing , '' he said quickly .
he was n't greeting dalton with alcohol on his breath first thing in the morning .
the other thing that had been eating at him since the meeting forced him to ask , ` ` sheriff fowler , his son is the one who ... ? ''
another thing he was uninterested in figuring out .
it was yet another thing he had n't thought about before he 'd opened his mouth .
` ` and then we 'll discuss that other thing . ''
taking a deep breath , dalton brought up the one thing he most did n't want to .
that 's the important thing . ''
while they made their way across the garage , dalton resolved to stop this - stop overthinking the casual touches and reading into every little thing .
it 's just a friend thing .
underestimating was going around because , in spite of thinking he was n't tired , next thing dalton knew , tierney jerking awake roused him too , nearly knocking him on the floor .
` ` the blowjob or the whole thing ? ''
` ` the whole thing . ''
one thing he 'd forgotten to determine was how long that might take .
amazing how such a little thing could make three days of twisted guts and angsty , teenaged pacing around the condo vanish like fingerprints after quality glass cleaner .
please , let me have this one thing .
four krystal gave me shit about the whole thing the rest of the weekend .
` ` it 's a thing of the past .
i was close enough that night to wanting it that it would have been damn near a sure thing .
for one thing , it was a humble thing for him to say , and that was n't something you came across very often in hollywood .
just one thing , though ... '' i told her about the hem and she said she 'd already thought of that , and if it happened , maybe it would be the highlight of the night .
` ` just one thing , '' i said .
on top of that , i immediately wondered how i would handle the whole thing with max .
` ` one thing , though , '' i said .
i felt a mixture of happiness and dread about the whole thing .
` ` oh , and one other thing .
well , except for this one thing . ''
but the major thing is the kidnapping . ''
` ` that 's another thing he wanted to know .
that 's the important thing .
must have been a last minute thing .
a little thing , after all .
only a little thing .
i 'd never considered a penis a thing of beauty , but tristan had a way of changing my way of thinking about a lot of things .
` ` one thing you 'll notice right away is that a man 's penis size is inversely related to the size of his gut .
but there was the whole nude beach thing .
i summoned up all the strength inside me and turned my attention to the only thing that mattered .
` ` but there 's another thing i know has to be weighing on you . ''
another thing that had been relegated to the cobweb infested corner of my mind .
it was n't a conscious thing , it was just who he was .
but one last thing . ''
there 's not much to see , really , but still the entire thing feels deliciously wicked .
the last thing i want is to end up in one of those dark , hidden corridors again , especially with calder , but i ' m still too flustered to come up with a good excuse on the fly .
better place a limit on things .
in a house this size , i expect it would take a small army to keep things running smoothly , but instead the place feels deserted .
there is one thing i can talk to him about , though .
` ` sometimes i get so caught up in this place that i forget the important things . ''
i ' m sure there will be plenty of kinks to work out over the coming months , but we ' ve bought ourselves time , and that 's the most important thing right now .
but that 's not the only thing i have to figure out .
i ' ve dated enough to know that one partner wanting ` ` slow things down '' is never a good thing .
the next thing i know , he 's depositing me on the edge of the countertop and pulling my mouth down to his .
i wriggle a little , playing along , and it 's clear he knowse grinds against me '' i did n't know you were into this sort of thing , '' i say .
you act like i ' m the most important thing in the world to you , and then you turn around and act like this is all some huge mistake .
one thing niggles at me , though .
she 's young , but not too young , so your friends and family will find it more believable that you have a traditional type of relationship , if that sort of thing is important to you .
if you 're into the whole pretentious overkill type of thing , '' i said with a shrug of boredom .
i might have a little more experience than you at this sort of thing . ''
~ $ ~ by midday , i found myself sitting at my desk , unable to concentrate on a damn thing because i could n't stop thinking about delaine .
` ` the whole thing , polly .
it was n't like i was any kind of expert at that type of thing , but it sounded right .
good thing he was at the house getting things ready for my mother 's return .
i had every intention of calling the whole thing off , but then she practically begged me to keep going .
my body began to shiver under the elements , but i only had one thing on my mind : my girl .
i loved his possessive nature , but keeping in character , i felt it necessary to remind him of one thing .
` ` um , is this a classy sort of thing ? ''
you 'd get great money and honestly , you would n't have to worry about a thing . ''
` ` i take it this is a fancy kind of thing . ''
it was one thing to own your sexuality and choose what , or who , you wanted to screw .
` ` i ' m not some delicate thing , rhys . ''
i just wanted to get a few things squared away with this place first , but i 'll come by tonight . ''
one thing i 'd be wanting to ask about , that stood out , was the shrapnel scars .
this was n't a real thing , after all .
` ` emma wade is n't some delicate thing , huh ? ''
i wondered how i was supposed to call him and shrugged the entire thing off , but now something stirs inside of me - anxiety , mingling with excitement .
melody plants a playful sloppy kiss on my cheek before getting her stuff in order , shoving a few last minute things into her bags .
i had n't exactly thought this thing out .
` ` ugh , how much sugar is in this thing ? ''
you 're the only thing in my life that i ' m sure about .
he 's still packing like it 's the only thing that matters .
i know a lot about her , but one thing that confuses me is why she loves this movie so much .
` ` toss the whole thing to me , '' she demands .
` ` another thing we 'll have to disagree on . ''
` ` this is n't my thing , anyway .
i do n't wait for carter to say anything else , to even confirm he 'll take care of the thing .
drinking my liquor ... next thing you know , you might actually start eating my wife 's cooking again . ''
i could find a way to jam the copier , stall contracts and slow things down further , trip the breaker and shut the system down claiming brownouts .
listen janice , one more thing , '' i try to find a non - suspicious way to clue her into mark 's presence on my side of the war .
it 's not a big thing , or a relationship and we are n't moving in , getting hitched or planning kids .
i can see he has mixed feelings about the whole thing .
suddenly watching her unravel is the only thing on my mind .
and since i was n't willing to let stella fuck up yet another thing in my life , i planned to handle her , and then i would make sophie mine .
i 'd wasted the last several years of my life on someone who i now realize was never worth my time , and one weekend in her presence had n't fixed a damn thing .
the only thing on my mind is clearing my thoughts of my disastrous weekend and getting sophie 's warm , pliant body in my hands .
` ` dinner is the last thing on my mind . ''
unfortunately the only thing sheena wanted to discuss was her recent enhancements and how the plastic surgeon convinced her to go to a bigger cup size and how she thought he only wanted to sleep with her .
when the sandwiches are ready , i cut max 's into little bites and dump the whole thing on his tray .
i know she 's two seconds away from pulling the plug on this entire thing , and my brain is working overtime to think of something i can say that will get her to stay .
` ` and one more thing , you do realize you have the world 's cutest baby , right ? ''
` ` you were right about one thing . ''
one thing is certain , kylie gives one hell of a blow job .
my mind is playing through various scenarios all day long , but i ' m unable to escape that realization that elan is right about one thing .
i ' m still trying to figure out a way to tell him about kylie , because of course she 's the only thing on my mind .
there is one thing that bugs me , though .
it seemed like a good idea at the time , but the more i analyze it now , the sillier the whole thing seems .
the only thing that scares me about ending things with tatianna is the realization that then i 'd have to face my future with mia .
there is only one thing standing in the way of me and mia heading back to our hotel - the business i need to settle with pierre .
i have to remind myself that i need to handle one thing at a time .
he wanted to do the right thing and wait until he 'd finished things with tatianna .
the only thing that matters is her pleasure , and i throw myself into it fully , sucking and running my tongue over her hot flesh in a pace that quickens as my need to be inside her intensifies .
i actually thought the whole thing was quite humorous .
one thing becomes abundantly clear : i ' m in love with mia .
not a damn thing .
that 's the only thing you need to concern yourself with tonight . ''
` ` oh , a little thing about you neglecting to show me your ropes before you tied me up in them . ''
completely bared to him , she wondered what sexual treat he had planned first thing .
` ` one thing at a time , okay ? ''
next thing she knew , they were on the hardwood with her knees clamped against ronin 's ribs as he slammed his c**k inside her .
` ` and you ' ve deemed ronin the most important thing in your life after only a few weeks ?
when he did n't respond , she backtracked , ` ` not that i ' m making it into a big thing , i just thought- '' ronin spun her around and framed her face in his hands .
` ` it is a big thing .
` ` being the uber - organized boss i am , i e - mailed the updated daily task lists first thing . ''
he 's really sweet and i like hanging out with him , but he 's taking things so slow .
` ` and there 's one other thing i need to talk to you about . ''
` ` except for one very important thing . ''
her reluctance to officially commit to moving in with him was just another thing he 'd been obsessing about .
` ` last business thing .
` ` it 's so not my thing , but i ' m a supportive friend . ''
next thing i knew , someone grabbed me from behind and wrenched my arms straight back .
i ' ve got to talk to knox about one thing before we go home . ''
you never talk about this kind of thing with me , but shiori indicated that you went back into the ring after amery ended your relationship and you ended up injured ?
maybe it was a power thing ; he was n't comfortable showing skin in public .
protocol for a formal tea ceremony was one thing she had n't studied .
you can pretend if you want , but it does n't change a thing . ''
it 's an intensely personal thing .
` ` oh and one other thing .
wrights is important , but it 's not the only thing on our books . ''
the whole thing was a mystery .
the whole thing felt unavoidable .
it 's strictly a casual thing , '' i told lou .
` ` this is n't the kind of thing you promise to keep to yourself , then get drunk and spill to your friends . ''
yeah , in a nutshell , the council runs things in this area ; it 's in control of the asia pacific region .
` ` but there 's one more thing i want to do first . ''
it was one thing sebastian and i had yet to talk about .
the business is the first thing i ' ve cared about in a long time .
the last thing i wanted to be was a burden or a source of stress for him .
obviously we know what we know , and i suppose that 's the most important thing , right ? ''
not the drug thing .
as you do , be sure to keep one thing in mind .
he was probably calling to bitch at me about the interview , but it was the last thing i wanted to think about .
one more thing . ''
we did n't want to add one more thing to your plate .
` ` obviously the most important thing is picking out your dress , erica , but we need to decide on colors tonight , because it 's driving me nuts not knowing , and i ' m selfish like that . ''
apparently risa saw the whole thing , and this weekend at the awards event , she told blake about it .
` ` i know this is probably the last thing on your mind , but what do you think about going dress shopping this week ?
i stared , speechless and breathless - from his intoxicating proximity , his possessive hold on me , and the painful knowledge that our relationship had n't been the only thing in peril over the past few months .
all i cared about was one thing .
` ` this do n't seem like your thing . ''
must be a woman thing , it was something she did on her own . ''
last thing .
` ` oh , god , like that , do n't change a thing . ''
talking it out never solved a goddamned thing .
the only thing he was devoted to , near as she could tell , was the rodeo .
why do n't you get the excuses on why you have n't called me out of the way first thing ? ''
things are workin ' out with him at gemma 's place ? ''
` ` just wondering if it 's an exclusive thing .
` ` jeez , carter , the only important thing is you know . ''
but there is one thing i want to talk to you about . ''
she and keely mckay were headed for denver to finalize a few last minute things and had a couple of questions on the metro - denver area .
his c**k was hard as a baseball bat , and he was tempted to grind it into her hip , but the only thing he cared about was making her come .
and kade knew dag was actually right about one thing .
the important thing was sky trusted him with eliza .
` ` there 's nothing wrong with it if you 're into that sort of thing . ''
that was the other thing .
` ` i honestly was scared you 'd become one of those mothers who obsesses over every little thing . ''
` ` when i stopped in at your place , i ah ... grilled him about a couple of things , he told me he asked you , and you said no . ''
i let him have total control of every single thing in my life . ''
` ` jesus , sky , you tryin ' to make me shoot first thing ? ''
you want to be involved with every little thing ?
` ` damn good thing i barged my way back into your life and livened things up , eh ? ''
so dry the whole damn thing dried up . ''
with all the confusing thoughts runnin ' through my mind , one thing stuck out , one thing haunted me . ''
` ` you know , i was wondering the same thing . ''
not my thing but i did n't give a rat 's ass if it was his .
their friendship was the most important thing in his life and he 'd be a fool to jeopardize it .
we got to talkin ' and the next thing i knew i was askin ' her out . ''
normally , it 's not my thing .
his focus was on one thing .
` ` in my opinion , he needs- '' ` ` then it 's a good thing you 're my veterinarian and not my doctor . ''
one thing india and colt never talked about was finances .
` ` last thing .
rather than dwell on all the hidden meanings any counselor would have a field day with , colt focused on one thing : india .
those drinking escapades were a thing of the past , in colt 's past , and had no bearing on their future .
with forced casualness , quinn said , ` ` oh , one other thing . ''
is every little thing ironed out ?
` ` one other thing .
but if one thing is out of place in my house , or if i see any other person besides you in my home ?
if she did n't reassure him that she did n't want this to be a onetime thing .
first thing .
next thing she knew , he lovingly placed sweet , healing kisses over every inch .
you can tell him the happy news because i 'll be wrapping up a few things at my place tonight to get ready for you to move in .
` ` hey , '' cam said sharply , ` ` let 's get one thing straight up front .
and one other thing . ''
that was just another thing he and domini disagreed on .
she 'd handled every little thing in her life for so long it never crossed her mind to ask someone for help .
this whole thing is giving me indigestion and whiskey is better than tums .
` ` just one thing . ''
one other thing .
` ` things went to shit today and i ' m flying to iowa first thing in the morning to straighten it out .
` ` you determined to piss me off first thing ? ''
` ` i guarantee if you ever put your hands on my junk again , chopping it off will be the last thing on your mind , buttercup . ''
the way you taste first thing in the morning .
for the first time in my life , my happiness does n't have a damn thing to do with work .
` ` yes , except for one thing . ''
` ` i ' ve got ta head to my place and check a couple things .
the last thing he wanted was to crush her dislocated shoulder .
things had always been somewhat strained between his uncle casper and his three brothers , carson , charles and calvin , hence a strained relationship existed between the mckay cousins from that branch .
it never solved a damn thing anyway . ''
days , husband , in which you can do anything you want ... with the exception of one thing . ''
it 's the last thing on my mind right about now . ''
can we just move onto the next thing ?
another thing occurred to her .
` ` must be a family thing .
` ` i just realized i forgot to ask aj one thing .
the remnants of his seed would ease the way when he f**ked her first thing in the morning .
she should ' ve understood when he 'd proved his desire for her first thing this morning .
he wanted her body under his the last thing before he went to sleep at night .
he wanted her body beneath his first thing in the morning .
no , the only thing brandt 's father cared about was if there was enough beer in the fridge .
brandt half listened as the women chatted about daycare , but his brain had gotten stuck on one thing : the possibility of jessie leaving .
` ` it was n't her choice , it was a court thing .
he needed a place to think things through .
anyway , i wanted to clear a couple of things up before i ... '' she set her cup down on the coffee table with a resounding thud .
` ` oh , a little thing like your dad making you choose between the ranch and me . ''
` ` yeah , only thing that 'll change is we ai n't haulin ' our asses outta bed to do chores at the crack of nothin ' any more , '' cal said .
i 'll ask ginger- '' ` ` that 's the other thing .
maybe it was an ego thing .
but there 's one other thing . ''
` ` that do n't seem like your thing , bein ' behind the camera instead of in front of it . ''
oh , and one other thing ?
so , it is an ego thing , with a little superstition - talking about a project while it 's in incubation stage - thrown in to make it really mysterious . ''
chase had been right about one thing , they both needed to get back to their real lives .
guess it 's a good thing i did n't leave out the leather restraint straps and the caning set .
tell me how long you were in la , because hollywood , i was headed there first thing in the morning . ''
` ` the club may not be your thing .
` ` not your thing ? ''
` ` on to the next thing i want to harass you about - i mean talk to you about .
` ` everything but your one thing .
i ' m sure you have better things to- '' he growled that dom - like warning , curling his hand around her jaw , destroying her protests and her mind with a prolonged , soft - lipped kiss packed with sweet heat .
` ` since you ' ve been squawking about wanting an equal say in the operation , this is the type of thing that oughta be discussed by all of us , '' colt said .
` ` but there is one other thing i wanted to bring up . ''
he 'd stepped in it with her first thing .
` ` sorry , but that 's just not my thing . ''
` ` then it 's a good thing you 're going in .
` ` i worried about every damn thing .
one thing was for damn sure ; he was n't gon na let it ride .
because if your answer is yes , well , then the second thing do n't matter . ''
a family thing came up - do n't worry it 's not serious and i 'll text you when i can .
being here was a family thing .
the only thing she wanted to fix right now - was a drink .
` ` the only thing i ' m interested in is you guys taking some of these tomatoes off my hands .
` ` i do n't know ... that 's not really my thing . ''
so we 're out on the balcony and he 's touching me and the next thing i know , he hoisted me against the wall and f**ked me . ''
` ` let 's deal with the elephant in the room first thing .
now onto the other thing we need to discuss .
they were drinking and then the next thing she remembered was waking up with him on top of her . ''
` ` there 's one other thing before we get started . ''
` ` but there is one other thing . ''
` ` it 's not a personal thing between us , but a business thing for me . ''
` ` it 's not a personal thing between us , but a business thing for me . ''
` ` one thing i 'd like to point out is if we do add to our family , we 'll also need to add to our house .
` ` you have to admit we ' ve got this baby - making thing down . ''
` ` then it 's a good thing i already cut you a slice , is n't it ? ''
did n't seem like her thing .
` ` while you 're right about me learning to like bein ' by myself and letting go of the circus of fools that surrounded me all the time , you 're wrong about the last thing .
` ` here 's a small thing .
you had no interest in wedding planning - i chalked it up to being a guy thing .
` ` there are a few factors that 'll determine where i end up , so it 's a day by day thing . ''
` ` was n't a big thing .
things were going great between us and the next thing i knew , you returned the engagement ring and left town . ''
` ` i ' m not asking this because i want a detailed financial spreadsheet , but there 's one thing we have n't talked about .
it 's a last - minute thing . ''
` ` it was a last - minute thing . ''
it 's a family thing on mother 's side .
always focused on getting the work done , makin ' sure it 's done right and movin ' onto the next thing .
would he want to have sex with her first thing in the morning ?
she was the one thing in the world that was completely his .
she knew they needed another coordinator for catechism class , but she really could n't add another thing to her duties .
his thoughts jumped from one thing to another , but they never strayed far from carolyn .
the bouncer was right about one thing .
` ` i do n't ever want you to think the passion between us is a thing of the past .
cal snorted and did n't say a word , but he knew what was on his brother 's mind , probably because the same thing was on his .
yet one thing was for sure - kizzy dean was an enigma .
he was starting to feel hot and bothered himself , and he 'd been brought up with this heat whereas she - well , she was clearly struggling , and the last thing he wanted was for her to faint on him .
perhaps he should take note and learn from his own experience to nip things in the bud much sooner in the future - to avoid such unpleasantness .
it looks like another business thing .
it wanted the real thing , not a hand and a memory .
asheville is hardly los angeles , and i could easily drive myself to the office each day , but i am too much of a multitasker to concentrate on one thing .
things had blurred for a moment , and i had been in another time , another place , and with another woman .
` ` nah , that 's not really my thing .
` ` crap , i 'll do that first thing .
maybe lucian is correct , and things would n't have progressed as quickly if i had n't been working in his home , but one thing i know for sure , we were destined to end up exactly as we are now .
maybe lucian is correct , and things would n't have progressed as quickly if i had n't been working in his home , but one thing i know for sure , we were destined to end up exactly as we are now .
the whole thing would be damn funny if i had it in me to be amused right now .
the last thing i want is for him to come back and find rose and me discussing his penis size .
it was just a brief thing , and he never knew about lia .
he is almost at the door when i ask , ` ` by the way , how did things work out with rose this morning ? ''
i ' m sure the last thing she wanted was to have another postmortem on her stepfather .
he dipped down below her waistline , and the next thing she knew , something cold entered her sex and started lapping at it .
` ` but i ' m just confused about one thing . ''
in a big city like dallas , this kind of thing would be handled by someone affiliated with either an adoption agency or a formal home study service .
` ` daddy , it 's a cultural thing .
but just as she put her hand on the glass handle , he said , ` ` eva , one more thing ... '' when she turned back to face him , his expression , which had been so heated just a moment ago , visibly cooled .
he thought he had her with that one , but what he did n't understand was the only thing she cared about more than drummond was aaron .
i thought he 'd be upset it was such a little thing , but instead he starts crying .
when he called his publicist to arrange for a photographer to discretely track their movements when they came down for lunch , it had n't felt so much like his final revenge , but one last thing to take care of so he could finally relax and enjoy the rest of his time with eva .
suddenly , strong arms wrapped around them , and the next thing she knew , both she and aaron were pulled as a unit into alexei 's lap .
the most important thing is i love you .
and then the next thing she knew , he was kissing her .
she did n't like doc fischer insinuating she would leave the man she loved the most in this world for some stranger she 'd only met the day before , but he was right about one thing .
he bit back against his own need , shoving it down as if it were some little thing and not the beginning of the mating frenzy he knew it to be .
and then the next thing she knew , he was plunging his sword through the stomach of the first man to reach him , then raising his foot to kick the man , whose belly was now smoking , backwards off his sword .
it was a small thing , but suro had the feeling it held more importance to lacey than its size conveyed .
one thing was for certain , something had to give .
he handed her a handkerchief , they got to talking , and the next thing she knew , she was installed in his club as a bookkeeper .
but one thing was certain , he was even more turned on by the girl who lived in their attic than he 'd been when he was a kid full of raging hormones .
she started to turn to leave , but then he said , ` ` one more thing , josie ... '' she stopped .
i ' m ... '' he felt her lift up , and the next thing he knew the head of his cock was enfolded within her sweet pussy .
but then as if reading her thoughts , he closed the space between them , and the next thing she knew , her long - sleeved donation box t - shirt was being ripped down the center and cool air hit her torso .
he shoved the ruined top off her body , then his hands fumbled down her sides and the next thing she knew , the yoga pants were coming off .
at the end of the day , the only thing he cared about was getting her into bed .
whatever the reason , his hand came up to her cheek , pulled her closer , and the next thing he knew , he was kissing her .
so that only left one thing : sex .
` ` young thing , '' grace corrected .
one thing was sure , she would n't be discussing her sex life in the middle of a crowded street .
he 'd learned very early in life that women only wanted one thing when it came to him - some part of his body buried deep between their legs .
if he does , he could circumvent the whole thing with one of his nasty whammies . ''
the last thing he wanted was to draw iason 's blood .
` ` the only thing i regret is that i let a thief into my house , '' iason bellowed with rage , and swung again .
` ` it 's a good thing you were a better general than you are a driver . ''
the last thing he wanted was to take from the woman who had given him so much .
` ` it 's a good thing you only live down the street or i 'd have to kill you over this . ''
one minute , i was under their feet , getting bludgeoned to death , and the next thing i knew there was this guy holding his hand out to me , asking me if i was okay . ''
the last thing he wanted was for amanda to be any more upset .
and her safety was the most important thing to him .
` ` it 's a good thing i like you , otherwise you 'd be baked bread . ''
` ` no , it 's a one - time thing . ''
next thing you know , you 'll be dancing nak*d on tabletops ... oh wait , that was me . ''
the next thing she knew , he had her flat on her back on the futon and was leaning down over her , unbuttoning her sweater as her br**sts tightened in expectation of his touch .
the last thing he wanted was to spend the evening fighting with her .
` ` okay , one last thing .
the last thing i want to do is die up here in this godforsaken place at the hands of some freaked - out something no one has ever heard of before except for guido the killer squire from jersey ?
` ` it 's a woman thing , prince charming .
ash closed his eyes and cursed at the one tiny thing he 'd forgotten in his anger .
the last thing he wanted was to be near a woman who had seduced him so completely .
if ash would withhold this , then there was no telling what other vital things the atlantean had failed to mention .
it was a good thing she did n't wear contacts or she 'd be blind .
might be a bladder thing .
her own sister was currently going through a divorce over that very thing .
it was the last thing she wanted to deal with .
the last thing he wanted was to be left alone with the strangeness of the people gathered in this place .
the next thing she knew , julian was hitting valerius , too .
` ` it 's a good thing i do n't drive , then . ''
` ` the universe is an extremely complicated thing .
everything was fine until i paused on qvc to see this cool camcorder they were advertising , and the next thing i knew , it blew up .
` ` it 's a good thing you 're not a charonte .
but one thing was certain , he 'd never enjoyed it as much as he did now .
the last thing she wanted to know was that she was sleeping with an animal .
but one thing was sure .
but the only thing that matters is how i feel about her , and that she never doubts for a minute . ''
` ` first thing , we have to make sure that we do n't alter anything here in this time period .
` ` for one thing , i do n't want kontis out of that cage until after he 's dead - he 's too dangerous for that - and for another , i wo n't stand by and see a worthy opponent emasculated .
she felt ill . a condition that was n't improved when leo paused and said , ` ` oh , and one more thing . ''
maybe it was because she had no family of her own that she understood its value , but one thing was certain ; if she ever had someone like him in her life , she 'd fight to keep him , no matter what .
but one thing , if the cops had n't searched the house yet , they most likely would soon and whatever evidence or clues jimmy might have left behind would be lost .
` ` but you will eventually make peace with yourself , and that 's the most important thing .
and the next thing he knew , she dipped her head to gently lave the tip of him .
he did n't know how they were going to get out of this , but one thing was certain .
here i was thinking i meant something to you because you were willing to die for me and the next thing i know , you tell me that you do n't even know whether or not you love me .
kat could almost accept that except for one thing .
` ` just remember one thing , dream - hunter .
the last thing he wanted was to see megeara hurt .
that was the kind of thing that no one wanted to think about .
the only thing that mattered was getting topside to see what was going on .
it was n't in her to just let such a thing go .
the only thing in my life that has ever been purely mine .
` ` for one thing , they usually link the participants together . ''
but the most important thing was that it would be a part of him and a part of her .
` ` it 's a good thing you do n't embezzle from my casino or i 'd kill you where you stand . ''
but one thing was certain , there were enough emotions inside her that she was n't about to allow pain to hurt another soul if she could help it .
` ` then i leave you to your plans for revenge ... except for one thing . ''
next thing i know , you 'll be trying on my clothes and sleeping in my bed . ''
the last thing he wanted was to remove aimee 's scent from him , but it was christmas .
the last thing he wanted was to have open sex talks with his daughter .
thank the gods he knew at least one thing that could distract them .
that was one thing she continually limped on with her students .
so when the big bright light came , i went left and next thing i knew , i was trapped here on earth . ''
while styxx sought to whine and complain over every minor thing , to take my toys and those of any other child near him , acheron had sought only to make peace .
though we fought much , i did in fact love my brother and the last thing i wanted was to see him hurt .
the next thing he knew they were in the ballroom , unseen by the revelers .
but the one thing he could n't see was his own life .
and the last thing you should know is that her kind age very slowly .
i stayed on land to wait and sign for the new diving gear that was coming in and the next thing i knew , the boat was impounded and everyone was taken into custody . ''
it 's just , you 're so guarded and private about even the most innocuous thing .
when he saw toby , he went over and the next thing i knew , he had toby laughing again . ''
the only thing really on his mind was tory and the bastards out to kill her .
not to mention one small thing .
but you 're wrong about one thing . ''
the most important thing right now was to save all their lives .
it was the one thing they 'd always seen eye to eye on .
now he just had one more thing to deal with and then the world would be his .
it just leaves one thing ..
` ` right now the most pressing thing is to either kill or reclaim the dolophoni , oneroi and skoti working with noir .
the last thing he wanted to do was make a mistake in this .
they were the only thing that mattered and as he approached his anger mounted .
he still had no clarity about last night or his future , but one thing was sure , he had no intention of allowing the police to question him until he knew more about what had happened .
the one thing he 'd learned these past months was how to merge his powers with the demon inside him and use them to his advantage .
` ` then it 's a good thing you let her sleep . ''
believe me and you tie a dark - hunter outside , acheron will go atlantean on us and the last thing we want is to be sent home to mama .
but she was right about one thing .
the only thing that needed to be on his mind right now was sam .
but everything kept coming back to one thing .
the entire thing was giving her a migraine as she tried to unscramble the mess .
that was one thing sin had set up well in this city .
that thought had barely finished before she kicked it into him with everything she had , which was a lot for a little thing .
what she did recall was how comforting he 'd been while she 'd cried , and that was the last thing she needed to think about .
well , there was one thing he definitely was n't going to mention .
next thing you know , i 'll get blamed for gas attacks , too .
` ` the balance is a very delicate thing .
seth sat in silence as he pondered how to answer what should be a simple thing .
the important thing was that seth had to get enough strength back to protect lydia before they found her .
` ` when you 're in the middle of something and you 're surrounded by so much that overwhelms you , it 's easy to focus on the wrong thing . ''
the last thing he wanted was to have a permanent reminder of his infidelity around the wife he loved - a wife who was , at that precise moment , in labor with her own child .
the last thing he wanted was to be compared to her other lovers and be found lacking in any way .
last thing i want is to have buckshot enter my hindquarters while i ' m trying to take a leak because no one can spare a second to ascertain who 's around them in the woods before they shoot it .
for one thing , he 'd have to kill his brother in order to release the grizzly .
if there 's one thing left undone by sunset , we 'll be back here for twenty more . ''
the last thing he wanted was to let her hurt him any more than she already had .
but the last thing he wanted was for rhea to know just how badly he wanted her .
i had this couple once who started out normal as pie , and the next thing i knew , they had more body piercings than marilyn manson and christina aguilera combined .
` ` can i start this whole thing by saying pinocchio now so that i can get dressed again ? ''
` ` then it 's a good thing i tied you down first , huh ? ''
one thing was for certain - it was definitely warmer inside the mountain than outside it .
one thing was certain : she 'd never be asking her husband to take her on a vacation to new norway .
and it was the last thing he wanted to discuss with anyone .
while it was the andarion way to argue over any little thing , he 'd spent enough time among humans or alone that he now craved a modicum of peace once in a while .
i am so dead ... another thing the commander had failed to warn her about was how much dancer hauk favored his brother fain .
for a little thing , she was ferocious and highly unpredictable .
` ` yes , but that 's not the only thing they 're aggressive about .
but one thing became crystal clear in his mind .
he knocks it back , and puts the glass down like it ai n't no big thing and there are n't a dozen guys waiting to gut him .
the last thing he wanted was to hurt her .
the one thing they 'd discovered last night was exactly how heavy he really was .
the only thing that mattered to him was keeping her safe and protected .
he took a sip then asked the one thing that hung heaviest on his mind .
the last thing he wanted was to lose another loved one to this hellhole .
next thing i knew , keris pulled out his knife and sliced through the rope before i could stop him . ''
but there was one thing she had to take care of asap .
and that was n't the most important thing on her mind .
but one thing he knew for a fact .
then the next thing i know , these two came up out of the shadows at me . ''
the last thing he wanted was for her to learn the harsh lessons that had been rammed down his throat with a violent fist .
` ` it 's a good thing he 's on the other side of the nine systems , otherwise , i 'd have to hunt him down and hurt him . ''
it 's the only thing worth my time . ''
the only thing that mattered to him was the kid at his feet .
that was the only thing he needed to expend his energy on .
nodding , vik helped her repair the hydraulics - that was the one thing she could take care of without a spare part .
but one thing stood certain , the next time someone came at him , he was n't going to be as nice .
what better one than being directly beside the man when he 's executed and the whole thing is being covered by every major news organization in existence ?
so she changed the subject to something less volatile and to the only thing that could save her life .
` ` first thing , i need you to help me tape my ribs . ''
i need to go back to my place for a few things .
for one thing , my activities had a way of getting back to the rits and i had to stay on the move .
right now , tessa was the most important thing .
she had no right to complain about anything , and the most important thing for her to focus on was getting tessa back .
while many might not like him , they all agreed on one thing .
` ` but if he 's hired private investigators- '' ` ` they report what they find , and if there 's one thing we 're all good at , it 's manipulating things .
` ` then it 's a good thing you gave yours to me to keep .
but the one thing jeff had wanted more than anything else was to publish one of the stories he was always scribbling on .
but you were right about one thing .
the next thing she knew , someone was grabbing her from behind .
` ` and there 's one more thing . ''
and even if i did , i ' m sure randy would be at the funeral home with a laptop asking me to take care of some last - minute thing . ''
it was a good thing he did n't have another phone or she 'd pick it up and give his mother a piece of her mind .
and the last thing he wanted was to kill his brother for hurting his wife .
but after ... ` ` there 's one thing i want to add to lydia 's registry . ''
` ` another thing .
` ` just one thing you have n't figured out ?
which was the last thing she wanted to remind him of and talk about .
for one thing , i ran into a kujoo the other night , the one called vyan that trey was talking about in the viper meeting . ''
one thing at a time , like getting dressed .
one more thing , evalle , since we wo n't have much time when you get here .
` ` one more thing , alterant . ''
` ` the only thing in question is whether i ' m evalle proof . ''
` ` one more thing ? ''
but one thing tapped at his skull .
when the witch took a step to leave , evalle said , ` ` one more thing . ''
` ` except for one thing . ''
veins on her forehead stuck out as if she was concentrating all her energy on one thing .
` ` for one thing , i believe either of ya can handle the backlash . ''
it 's the only thing important in my world .
when he put it that way she had a hard time denying he made valid points , but he was wrong on one thing .
next thing she knew , the silver bars of gate two were vanishing as dame lynn announced , ` ` the final elite battle match pits moonlight warrior entering from gate one against boomer entering from gate two . ''
` ` it 's not a complicated thing , '' she countered .
it 's a good thing you 're not jealous - because the two of us were debauched together . ''
he seemed to not even be listening to her , his mind seizing on one thing : ` ` you do love me .
in one thing she was correct : if he accepted melanthe 's version of events , then his beliefs would be turned inside out .
` ` but in one thing , many agree - they want revenge for what we ' ve lost .
it 's not your thing . ''
but when she raises her head and looks at him , her eyes full of relief and excitement and fear and desire , the only thing he wants is to be here , like this .
there are a few helpful things : boeuf / beef , poulet / chicken , veau / veal , canard / duck , and poisson is fish ( i ' m completely unashamed to say i knew that one from countless viewings of the little mermaid ) , but how things are prepared or the names for various sauces or vegetables are still things i need help with at most restaurants .
did i even need to make a big thing of it so soon ?
the whole of downworld was laid out before him , faeries and werewolves and enchantment , and the only thing raphael seemed interested in was how long he could hold the cross for , how much longer he could hold it for each night .
it was not a particularly pleasant thing to think about , but it was alec 's business .
there 's one more thing . ''
` ` sorry , '' alec said , realizing how he had sounded , though he still felt that magnus ought to see that getting to the ship was the most important thing .
there 's one last thing . ''
` ` but there is one thing . ''
it 's totally illegal , for one thing ; and besides , why would you want to ? ''
` ` one thing is certain .
` ` there is just one thing , '' he said .
and there was no way that sebastian was going to let a little thing like getting his hand sliced off stop him .
he hesitated , and then said , ` ` there is one thing .
` ` anyway , it is n't a permanent thing .
for one thing , it was almost impossible to get him to stand still , so she 'd thought that now , while he was asleep , would be perfect - but it still was n't coming out quite the way she wanted .
i bet you ' ve thought about the same thing . ''
` ` it 's a good thing we know the person who 's dating magnus , '' he said .
nice architectural detailing , if that sort of thing interests you . ''
there is one thing you must be aware of .
it was one thing to know a greater demon was going to be called , another to see one in the flesh .
the clave looks darkly on that sort of thing , you know . ''
` ` i wish i could throw the whole thing into the fire .
one thing 's for certain , though - it does n't hurt him just to touch me . ''
clary shot a look at him over her shoulder ; surely telling mark his siblings were alive was the most important thing ?
as long as she is not parted from the blackthorns , or the boy - julian - that is the most important thing . ''
that is the important thing . ''
the whole thing was awkward on a painful level .
` ` but that 's not the only thing daedalus is concerned with .
but i was a bartering man , and when it came down to it , no matter what daedalus wanted , what luc wanted , there was one thing that mattered .
i 'd even promised to kill him , but words ... words were one thing .
it took a few moments for all of this to sink in , and when it did , one thing stood out among everything she had said .
the only thing i would ' ve changed was where i was standing in that damn tunnel in mount weather .
` ` well , there 's one more thing .
and that 's what mattered - the only thing that mattered .
we finally made it to the bed , and things were sweet and tender then .
` ` the last thing i want her to know right now is that her face is plastered all over national news .
you will not only lose your family , but that little girl up there will suffer a very slow and very painful death , and her horror will be the last thing you see .
apparently , sadi had taken the cleaning thing to a whole different level .
tomorrow might be our only opportunity to get out of here , but there was one big thing in our way , one thing that would stop daemon right in his tracks .
tomorrow might be our only opportunity to get out of here , but there was one big thing in our way , one thing that would stop daemon right in his tracks .
definitely the best place for beth , all things considered . ''
with as many things as we had to stress over , it would be like looking for an apple in a pile of apples .
` ` i know , but it 's one thing hearing it versus seeing it with my own eyes , '' she replied .
` ` i would n't change a damn thing .
` ` i ' ve totally forgotten about the minute thing . ''
it was another thing i thought about a lot .
` ` ash was on her mat , playing with her toys , and the next thing we know , she 's spelled her name . ''
not a damn thing , because i fell asleep while plotting on the observation deck .
` ` football is n't really my thing . ''
one thing off the bucket list . ''
everything else was forgotten in an instant - the whole thing with lilith , even the sharp ache his words left behind .
` ` just one last thing . ''
` ` forget the sam thing for the time being .
` ` sorry , buds , but demons do n't run things topside , and the only way they can is by kicking off the apocalypse and hoping to win .
` ` yeah , the banana thing is really ... '' i jerked up straight , spine rigid .
he had the same thing in mind , because he was between my legs , and i was swimming in raw sensations .
no one but elijah knows the whole story , but one thing is certain .
` ` come to think of it , how many calories are in this thing ? ''
he looked perplexed , and i wondered if that was the taint he 'd sensed and mistaken for the whole carnal - activity thing .
at first i did n't realize why - what i 'd done , and then things began to register - the gut - wrenching sensation that caused my insides to coil into tight springs , the dilated look to his pupils , the sudden vibrancy of his blue eyes , the way his chest rose sharply and the salty taste of his skin as my tongue glided over the slightly rough pad of his thumb .
there were more important things i should be trying to figure out , but right now , this was the most important thing to me .
there were more important things i should be trying to figure out , but right now , this was the most important thing to me .
* * * perhaps my priorities were all kinds of jacked up , but as i applied the finishing touch in the form of lip gloss , the lilin , the wraiths and the difference i felt inside me were the furthest thing from my thoughts .
` ` holy mind blown ... '' when stacey finally found the ability to speak again , she focused on probably the least important thing of everything we 'd just told her .
` ` i know , bud , but not the most important thing going on right now . ''
he likes that he s in on such a private thing .
his drink choice is just one more thing to mull over .
the only thing moving between us right now are the tears falling from my eyes .
` ` because the only thing you were concerned with back in that - that club , was getting laid . ''
` ` that was n't the only thing i was concerned about . ''
that should be the only thing you give two f**ks about , all right ? ''
in all my relationships , things never ... well , we never got to any point that would warrant this kind of ... '' she trailed off , and then it came again , the same thing she 'd thought before she 'd been shot .
the last thing she wanted was to create any strife between the brothers .
chapter five i stopped fighting jase on the whole riding - versus - walking thing pretty quickly , especially as the leaves from the huge maple trees planted throughout the campus turned from bright green to a beautiful array of red , gold , and brown .
although i wanted to shove my middle finger so far in his face , the last thing i was going to do was cause a scene smack - dab in the middle of the quad .
either way , i could n't afford an apartment or a hotel , and i sure as hell was n't going to intrude on teresa for a place to stay until things got sorted out .
` ` this is the last place i wanted you to be and , well , there are things you do n't need to know about .
the only thing i could n't help wonder about was mom , where she was and if she was okay .
i asked , determining that was the most important thing .
dipping my chin , i let that settle in , and though it did n't make it very far through the tequila haze , there was still a pinching deep in my chest , a feeling of things settling into place where they should be .
although i did n't confirm that , and it was a good thing i did n't share that mack thought it would also be a perfect message to send jax , he still got it .
` ` and we 'll take the name thing into consideration . ''
it was the last thing i needed to be thinking about , but i wondered if it bothered him seeing rooster like ... like he was .
i asked , focusing on the least important thing , because that was better than all the crazy more important stuff .
the only thing that had not been up for discussion had been the fire , but that was the least of things to know about me at this point .
` ` one last thing , miss fritz . ''
he closed his eyes briefly and then said , ` ` there 's just one more thing .
dealing with grant was another thing .
i do n't want to rush a thing .
i know this is a one - night thing .
it was screwed up that i wanted to watch , but the peanut - butter - sandwich thing was f**king with my head .
except you were wrong about one thing .
but you have n't mentioned it in months , and you know this is n't my thing . ''
i had never forgotten about a gig before , but tonight it was the last thing on my mind .
i knew without a doubt this was not a ` ` friend '' thing .
not my thing .
` ` this , '' he said , pressing into me again , ` ` is not just a thing .
first thing was britt .
it 's an exclusive thing now . ''
it should have been the only thing on my mind .
i wanted to be the most important thing to him , because other than micah , i had been willing to put dewayne before everyone else .
it 's an exclusive thing and i respect her .
my eating toast and drinking orange juice was not the most important thing in the world .
another thing my mother knows that we have n't enlightened my dad about .
most of my thoughts veer toward the same thing nowadays anyway , so it 's not hard to pinpoint .
it was one thing when i was just looking out for her .
` ` i do n't give a rat 's ass what you believe , '' caden answered with a sneer , his chest puffing out aggressively , ` ` except for one thing .
the last thing i remember was snowshoeing ... and the wolf . ''
was my very existence , my constant drive to test the boundaries of magic , a by - product of these gods ' need to spice things up ?
my thoughts were consumed by one thing and one thing only : what would one drop of my blood do to caden ?
i cared about one thing only .
i thought about kissing him and the next thing i knew , my mouth covered his , adoring the sweet taste of his lips .
i wanted to touch the deep ridges in his chest , and the next thing i knew , my fingernails tore through his shirt , as though made of tissue paper , to reach his sculpted chest below .
aside from the irrepressible craving , a loved one would be the first thing on the mind of a vampire .
so this is a political thing .
` ` the one and only thing my dad was ever passionate about was carpentry .
i convinced myself that every woman must deal with this sort of thing .
a thing that made my insides clench up when i read that awful joke he made about women throwing themselves at him ; that made disappointment swell when he told me his mother wanted me at the funeral , and then made my entire being melt in relief with this last text .
` ` yup , '' i croak , unable to manage a whisper , my deep voice too groggy first thing .
the last thing i want is to discover that amber has suddenly become a light sleeper and have her appear in the kitchen .
` ` that 's not exactly the kind of thing you talk about .
` ` maybe , under ' normal ' circumstances , we would ' ve bounced back and forth between each other 's places for a few months , keeping up the pretense that we were n't rushing things along , but we never would ' ve spent a night apart .
getting it away from him was the most important thing on my agenda .
` ` brittany is n't a serious thing . ''
` ` it 's a good thing i did - you ca n't go out like that , '' he drawled .
she was the one thing i could n't tuck neatly away in my mind .
the only thing keeping me going was the belief that somehow we 'd work things out and be together .
why not just one little thing every day ? ''
` ` one more thing ... '' he looks over his shoulder at me and my stomach clenches .
lying here , staring up at my ceiling , i have sorted out one thing , though .
` ` do n't you worry about a thing , little man .
the last thing i want to be thinking about while the professor drones on about stupid thomas hardy is ashton and his hands and the other night in the car ... a hand squeezes my knee , making me jump in my seat .
it 's kind of funny that we were doing the exact same thing at the exact same time ... ` ` coach demanded that i stay with them for a few days until we could sort things out .
the last thing i wanted to do was fumble with bra hooks ... because that would make standing in this man 's storage - room office in my white thong that much more awkward than it is already .
only thing , mona had no memory of any other little girl there .
it 's like things are at a standstill now , with you here in the garden like this , and the truth is , things never stand still- '' she broke off .
it 's like things are at a standstill now , with you here in the garden like this , and the truth is , things never stand still- '' she broke off .
` ` mona , so far i have taken this whole thing very well indeed , considering the fact that you are thirteen years old and- '' ` ` chill , ryan , '' she said .
the important thing was that they had not run away .
she had pushed back all the brown wrapping - this thing was packed like it had to carry the marie antoinette china all the way to iceland - and she saw the first page of a loose stack covered in a thin plastic , and bound with a thick rubber band .
` ` the walls are brick , do n't you worry about a thing , every single wall , inside , out , brick , just like first street . ''
in a way , it seemed that michael needed ash more than she did , though michael and she had not had a moment , really , to talk of these things .
before we move on to the cataclysm and the land of winter , let me add one thing .
indeed , massacres had become a thing of the past .
this place is filled with colored marble and with paintings , and with ... with things that interest him .
if that little girl upstairs was one of those rich mayfairs come down here to- ` ` now do n't you worry about a thing , '' mary jane sang out , ` ` you did n't deliver the package , you just signed for it . ''
` ` well , just slow down for one thing ! ''
it seems a small thing as i say it .
the feathers continued to play with her as if she were a toy , a thing to tease idly .
she needed to find her place in the scheme of things , give herself over to it , as tristan said that he would do .
such a little thing .
` ` captain , there is one more thing , '' i said .
he loves clockwork and mechanisms and that sort of thing .
` ` he 's really very good with this sort of thing . ''
` ` the first thing you must understand about de quincey , '' she said , ` ` is that he is the most dangerous vampire in london .
` ` the second thing you must understand is that de quincey is old - old even for one of the night children .
will was surprised ; jem rarely opined on this sort of thing .
` ` really , tessa , we can still be the best of friends once we 're sisters - in - law , but a man is always better than a woman for this sort of thing , do n't you think ? ''
there was one thing they could n't fix , though .
one thing stood out : she 'd had nothing to lose .
alcide had been a partner in his dad 's surveying company , and now he owned the whole thing .
but we two women clearly had issues , and he had to wonder how that would affect the pack , which had become the most important thing in the world to alcide .
damn eric for being so reluctant to discuss the whole thing with me .
but at the moment , her appearance was the last thing on her mind .
i got up , feeling like i imagined an old woman felt first thing in the morning .
and it was the last thing i wanted to talk about .
i figured sam was entitled to blank out on a thing or two since he 'd actually passed over .
it had been a long day , what with one thing and another , and by the time i crawled into my bed , i was ready to sleep .
and one or two things had seemed to be out of place .
jane tried to recall the time and place of her arlene encounter , but it was such a struggle and there were so many less taxing things to think about that it took her a while .
next thing i knew , i was leaving with him .
for another thing , it would be nice not to be a third wheel with jason and michele .
i was sleeping in a hollow tree for the night , but the lightnin ' toppled it , cracked it like an egg it did and smashed it like a twig , and the rain got down my neck , and it threatened to get into my baggage , and there 's things in there must be kept dry as dust , and i 'd kept it safe as houses on all my travelings here , though it was wet as ... '' ` ` water ? ''
the only thing in the house that was clean was a mirror of black glass , as high as a tall man , as wide as a church door , which rested against one wall .
` ` oh , there are so many things i could do to harm you , ditchwater sal , but i shall simply point out that one who has eaten limbus grass can speak nothing but the truth for several hours afterward ; and one more thing ... '' distant lightning flickered in her words as she spoke , and the forest was hushed , as if every leaf and every tree were listening intently to what she said .
we 're going to run the real thing . ''
she should have just kept her mouth shut and played the whole thing off as nothing .
` ` the first thing you need to know is that no two cases of childhood neglect are alike , just like no two people are alike , so the effects are as unique as a fingerprint . ''
he might have believed they 'd really sleep , but if she 'd been in proximity to that body , sleeping would have been the last thing on her mind .
maybe she 'd do that first thing .
and how amazing it was to have his handsome face greet her first thing in the morning .
she was n't handling this right , but that was one of her problems - she did n't know how to handle this type of thing .
one thing was certain - she was their favorite subject , and he could learn much .
the idea of truly being at the mercy of a dominant male with only one thing on his mind was ... titillating .
' t is not so simple a thing , '' cadeon said , though he suspected otherwise .
the place might be nice , but right away she could see some things that needed to be rearranged to make sense .
` ` one more thing - if she 's not there by midnight on the next full moon , the sword will be tossed back into the forge , lost forever . ''
` ` one thing we never considered ... what if he is the sole male we ' ve ever encountered who continually puts his duty above his lusts ?
` ` does n't your type of male like that sort of thing ? ''
` ` one last thing , do you remember those pesky dempires ? ''
as he gazed down the dimly - lit quay , he acknowledged that the valkyrie had been right about one thing .
` ` now , the first thing .
` ` then it 's a good thing you 're not alive , huh ? ''
such a small thing ... and he was so deliciously beautiful , even if he did n't stir her soul .
the sun was warm , and for a moment , we could laugh and pretend that the world was an innocent place where the only thing we needed to worry about was if feeding ducks bread softened with duck sauce was a mild form of cannibalism .
the forest had changed while he had been focusing on the little things at his feet .
compared to leaving black wings inside an angel to eat her from the inside out , naming grace seemed like a small thing .
this is the most important thing in my life .
rachel , this is the most important thing in my life . ''
` ` the whole thing .
` ` it 's a good thing he likes that , or i 'd have to teach you otherwise . ''
one more thing that had fallen by the wayside .
the important thing was that we stopped these wackos , not who got the credit for the tag .
it was the third thing that i was worried about .
relief spilled into me , and he shifted to put the flat of an arm on the table as he looked into his garden , his mind clearly on other things as we waited .
hiding his plans from everyone else is the only thing postponing your death . ''
` ` there is one thing , '' i said , and his dust shifted to an alarmed orange .
is n't the kind of thing that came up in casual conversation .
ummmm ... one more thing . ''
` ` that 's another thing .
` ` whips and little caps not your thing ? ''
the gun at trent 's head was the only thing that mattered .
` ` it 's a small thing .
such a small thing , but it would chart their every thought until they knew .
i hoped he was all right , and i promised myself i 'd see this through - one thing at a time .
you do n't need one more thing to worry about right now .
first thing she noticed , the monkey had n't returned .
` ` uh , sure thing , '' dex replied , clearly uneasy .
and ... she was right about the age thing , he realized .
one thing you need to learn , koldo , '' zacharel said tightly .
blood 's the most important thing right now .
` ` he came to me , so i do n't have to wash a goddamn thing , '' she called , knowing noelle was long gone .
as he well knew , there was one thing guaranteed to put him in a better mood .
that brings me to the second thing i wanted to discuss with you . ''
i think i told you that johnny 's already had some of bride 's blood , but another thing we ' ve discovered is that vampire blood does n't always mix well with other vampire blood . ''
breathing was a thing of the past , but she twisted , already swinging .
` ` one thing i ca n't figure out .
` ` it 's a damn good thing i wore my dancing shoes , then , '' i said , leaning back in the seat , ` ` because we 're going to crash the party .
` ` there 's one more thing , '' i said .
i fired , and the next thing i knew , he 'd switched places with his partner . ''
it was one thing to desire him , but quite another for him to know about it .
` ` he wo n't know about me , however , and that 's the important thing .
jaxon asked , tackling one thing at a time .
a tiny thing , she radiated an i - could - break - at - any - moment aura .
only one thing mattered just then : being in her man 's arms .
the only thing he refused to lie about was what he would do to those who wronged him or his friends .
because sometimes she did ache for those things , but never would she reveal such a thing to this man .
he 'd forget the whole marriage thing , and then , so could bride .
` ` one thing , vampire , '' devyn said for all to hear , ` ` she 's my wife , as i ' ve told you again and again , and you would do well to remember that .
one small thing in his favor , at least .
only thing to figure out was where to hide the body .
somehow those celtic symbols were the only thing that actually helped him .
so she would drop the craving thing .
a man could drive himself crazy trying to figure this kind of thing out , second - guessing himself , all while craving the woman in question .
` ` does she think i know how to handle this kind of thing ?
just then , only one thing mattered .
` ` i have only known him three months , but the first thing i learned about him was his love for his hair .
he 'd tried to hide his reaction , not wanting to hurt her feelings , but she 'd been so good - natured about the whole thing , he 'd just had to tease her .
` ` and what about the other thing ? ''
` ` there 's one more thing you need to do . ''
the only thing in question was what to do with elin .
` ` one thing at a time , kitten . ''
he 'd hinted at such a thing before .
who would have thought such a thing would be pleasurable ?
` ` mmm , i see what you mean about the name thing . ''
` ` well , that 's because you 're the most important thing in my life . ''
right now , she could almost pretend this was just another dream , her family was safe and the only thing concerning her was whether or not she would finish her next painting on time for her client .
the only thing i doubted was - ` ` dear god .
` ` first thing first , turd ferguson .
only a man in love would keep such a thing in such a prominent place .
` ` for one thing , you 're overdressed .
they would be together , and that was the most important thing .
only other thing to think about was why geryon had not wanted to kiss her when she 'd offered .
yes , he realized he was placing a woman before his duty , but this was a tiny thing , ensuring gwen 's comfort , and it should n't take too long .
his ` ` work '' was the most important thing in his life.know him so well , do you ?
` ` look , i brought up the consort thing because i wanted to talk to you about something . ''
even this , so small a thing .
somehow , some way , gwen had become the most important thing in his life .
i thought winning was the most important thing in your life . ''
until , right next to his ear , he heard , ` ` oh , and one last thing .
legion was the most important thing to him .
as for the other thing , you ' ve got thirty minutes , and then every single one of us will be inside that room to talk to you .
actually , his memories were another thing to discuss with cronus .
but he 'd seemed almost ... uncomfortable about the whole thing .
that was one thing he had n't forgotten .
the kiss must have caused an adrenaline reaction in him , something , because the next thing she knew , he had enough strength to heft her up , forcing her to straddle his lap .
she would have laughed at how easily he 'd been convinced to continue , but at the moment she cared about only one thing .
breathing became a thing of the past .
` ` one other thing to consider , '' zacharel said .
there was one thing guaranteed to piss him off and keep his hands to himself .
that 's the most important thing right now .
` ` not every thing is about you , strider . ''
` ` we 're gon na keep this thing platonic . ''
the ` ` dad '' thing was worthy of such horror ?
` ` do n't argue with me about this kind of thing .
no reason to mention the ` ` minor '' thing .
and when the others tried to run out of the cavern , i looked at them and the next thing i knew , they were writhing as they burned .
his woman was the most important thing to him .
why 'd she have to go and mention the one thing sure to turn him into mr .
i was the stylist and put her gorgeous honey - blond hair in a ponytail - then i hacked off the entire thing .
` ` so you were n't serious about the marriage thing ? ''
a turf thing , maybe ?
solo expected her to shout , to threaten , but she simply bent down , picked everything up , and gave the whole thing back to him with a muttered , ` ` i 'll pretend that was an accident .
what a sweet , sweet man , considering her in all things , even the little things .
what a sweet , sweet man , considering her in all things , even the little things .
they 'd gone over this type of thing .
and , honestly , if everything he 'd endured had been necessary to bring him to this moment , knowing vika was safe , that he had saved her from a life of torture and torment , he would n't have changed a single thing .
the next thing i knew , you were terribly injured , and i had to use my energy to save you . ''
there was only one thing left unfinished .
one little thing went wrong , and the entire vehicle shut down .
because one thing became very clear as she met her father 's gaze .
forget the larynx thing .
` ` by the way , if i was n't clear with the whole surgical , stay - inside - you thing , we 're getting married , '' he said , ` ` and our prenup is going to stipulate that you have to do something like this every day . ''
but , yes , one more thing to cover .
yet , deep down he suspected only one thing would release that tension - and he might not see her for another year .
one thing was certain : there was not a force on earth that was going to pull him away from ms . viviana rowan 's side until he figured out what she 'd done to him .
` ` the only thing you seem to want to know is where the artifact is . ''
next thing i know , the f**kers are a protected species with a growing population , and the village is being moved again . ''
because one thing was certain : she had to get the skull back .
` ` the most important thing is , i 'd have been proud to have you on my arm , sunny renfroe .
next thing i knew , i was flying backward .
anyway , was sherridan the only thing you wanted to talk to me about , you pervert ?
after everything i 'd been through , saying my marriage vows was the last thing i wanted to worry about .
not only would that embarrass her , if she truly cares about that kind of thing , but it will keep scrims from coming after you for that one mill you told me about . ''
i took care of things , though , and told them the whole thing was off .
he 's still a part of your life , and that 's the important thing .
` ` oh , and one more thing .
i continued , ` ` i lied - there 's still one more thing .
next thing i knew , a straw was pressed to my lips .
the second thing is how to win a fight . ''
one thing is clear , though : if i go through with this , i 'll find out .
al almost drops christina , and she slaps her hands around the first thing she can grab , which just happens to be his face .
defending myself is n't the most important thing on my mind .
` ` there is one more thing before you can go and get ready for the welcoming banquet , '' he says .
i am divergent , so i am not nobody , there 's no such thing as ` ` safe , '' and i have other things on my mind than playing house with tobias .
we did n't bother with that kind of thing in dauntless .
it 's a good thing we only have to fit two people in the back .
` ` how am i going to conceal this thing ? ''
` ` the first thing you should know is that the information edith prior gave you is only partly true . ''
although four of us got quick annulments after our wedding shenanigans , mia and ansel decided to make a real go at this marriage thing .
` ` it 's not like i ' m going to leave you needy , sweet thing .
i ' m trembling against him , trying to focus on one thing , but it 's impossible .
before recently the impact this would have on a potential relationship was the furthest thing from my mind .
what you 're going through with your mom was a big thing in my life .
but then i halt my mental uncoiling , because there 's one thing we have n't discussed at all .
but one thing he knew for sure- turning rachel away to discuss explosives was damn well not in his best interest .
` ` the only thing i want to know now , '' she said , voice soft , ` ` is , one : if you 're married . ''
` ` that 's another thing we have n't had time to go over , '' rachel said .
staffing was the last thing he gave a shit about right now .
this was the last thing he wanted to talk about , yet it was all he wanted to talk about .
and that 's another thing you 'll want to think about changing .
he sounded completely bored , as if my strategy were the last thing he wanted to hear about at the moment .
he does n't do a thing around camp .
holy shit , this whole ' naked game play ' thing did n't allow for many secrets .
but then a few things clicked into place .
` ` despite what you might think of hollywood people , not all of us are into that sort of thing . ''
maybe when we got to my place , he 'd just drop me off and tell me things had been fun , but he was n't ready for dealing with me plus some kid who was n't his .
the conversation shifted away from how things were at her son 's bar , to areas i was less comfortable talking about .
i had something to give aubrey , and it was a throbbing , messy thing .
suddenly , he hoped she was not his mate ; it was one thing to suffer an eternity hoping for her , but it would be an unfathomable torment to have found her and always be separated .
i will pretend to give a rat 's ass about your happiness when in reality only one thing matters .
then there was the whole picky thing .
one thing was certain : the killers had worked over the more senior priest .
` ` and as for your family , '' he continued , ` ` they were the first thing i took care of .
next thing i knew , someone sacked me with such force , my teeth rattled in my head as i hit the cement floor .
sex was the last thing on his mind at the moment , and the last few centuries , for that matter .
oh , and there 's one more thing ... '' * * * cimil waved her hands and watched the vampire collapse to the ground .
next thing he knew , he could sense the human woman .
right now , the only thing that mattered was how she wanted him in the worst kind of way .
his erection throbbed painfully , but there was just one thing he wanted to do before sweeping her in his arms and taking her to bed .
one thing i did grasp , however , was the howl of cimil 's voice as she cussed up a storm , ranting about stars , planets , and all sorts of random garble .
and lucky for him , i was n't going to hold a little thing like sorry manners against him , because i was frightfully close to losing my cerebral skills once again - holy hell , a man has no right being that good - looking - so i was pretty sure my own manners were about to fall off a cliff .
i mean ... with that other thing . ''
` ` one more thing , '' kinich added .
` ` well ... sure thing , baby cakes ! ''
hmmm ... she 'd seen a few movies where mortals pretended to talk about one thing , but were really talking about sex .
one thing was certain , if he did n't set the mystery woman free soon , he would go mad .
mack flashed me a look that indicated the freaking ladder was the last thing to be worrying about .
i had almost convinced myself that something would happen and maggie would call the whole thing off .
` ` it 's a good thing i never saw the kitchen when i ate here , '' riley muttered under her breath , taking in the grease stained surfaces and wafts of cigarette smoke coming in from the open door .
thoughts of eli or not having a thing with a guy i worked with all went out the window .
one thing definitely needed to happen , i had to get extremely drunk .
but i had agreed to give this thing with him a shot .
i knew i was probably being very immature about the whole thing .
but one thing was for sure , i was sick of moping over some stupid guy .
i could n't believe how tickled she seemed by the whole thing .
the next thing i knew i felt lips on my neck and warm fingers sliding up my shirt to tease my breast .
hell , he almost took damien 's head off the other day for asking what time it was , '' riley said , clearly irritated with the whole thing .
` ` yeah , things have been a little chaotic lately , '' i admitted , flicking ash onto the concrete floor .
and it was clear , kissing was the last thing on his mind .
` ` well , you know , one thing at a time . ''
the whole thing was horribly embarrassing .
because one thing was for certain , the girl who had jumped into garrett bellows ' bed was not the riley i worked hard to be .
the whole thing is predatory .
i could barely see him in the shadow and that somehow made the whole thing that much more intimate .
jordan has tried to find out but garrett is pretty tight lipped about the whole thing .
i just thought the whole thing a miserable waste of emotional energy .
clearly our roundtable conversation about this very thing that morning had n't been enough for her .
but i knew the whole thing bugged her .
plus , it was n't as though we had left things in a very good place .
` ` well , that 's the thing i wanted to talk to you about , '' she said nervously .
` ` first thing , how are you holding up ?
it was the only thing i had a hundred percent complete control over anyway .
not a single , goddamn thing .
` ` it 's more cole 's thing than mine .
at first , the whole thing had been embarrassing .
i was thoroughly embarrassed by the whole thing .
he 's ready to say forget the whole thing .
in the end , that was the only thing that mattered .
one thing was definitely certain .
we save the whole date thing for prom .
but one thing was for sure , i needed my family .
the most important thing in my life . ''
good thing i did n't give a crap about things like my appearance .
i was n't in a position to fix the greater messes i 'd created , but this small thing , i could do something about .
and i would have , if that were my thing .
i nodded my head and tucked my journal under my arm as i headed back to my room , feeling like things were clicking into place .
i knew i should be a bit more anxious about the whole thing .
but one thing was for certain ; those eyes of hers had always been my undoing .
i figured i 'd leave the whole i miss you thing alone for now .
` ` well , if you could n't tell by my shitty attitude a few minutes ago , the whole thing is pretty crappy .
but one thing was for sure , maria was officially a ticking time bomb and not one that i particularly wanted around maggie and her friends .
having a child had been the single most important thing to me , but that dream had died when she did .
she smiled , effectively closing the subject , because we both knew we did n't have to worry about that kind of thing .
the only thing on my mind was melanie 's safety , and it was n't until she 'd stepped away from me to get her coat and purse that i 'd noticed what she wore .
the only thing that i , personally , have determined is that i would like to punch him .
the next thing i know his foot is grinding down on my toes , shooting a bolt of searing pain zipping up to my knee .
not another thing i could bundle up and set aside and convince myself that it did n't matter .
jonathan twisted his brow up , concentrating , as if his answer were the most important thing in the world .
every word he spoke , even the most trivial , seemed like the most important thing .
the only thing that mattered now was maggie was free - and she was mine .
there was only one thing that mattered now .
the last thing i wanted was to harm her more than i already had , and elizabeth wanted more from me than i knew how to give .
it was crazy that we knew each other so well , could read each other without saying a word , yet she knew absolutely nothing about the one thing that affected me most .
her mom rattled this all off like she had the whole thing mapped out in her head , this organized chaos fueling her energy as she moved so easily about the kitchen .
the only thing i had on my mind was getting this girl home and getting her laid out on our bed .
it made me terribly sad that i was asking my daughter these things for the first time when she was almost five years old , but the fact remained that i did n't know what she did on a daily basis , her favorite foods , her favorite places .
the woman who put on airs , who walked around as if her social life were the most important thing in the world .
but one thing was for sure ; he was looking this way - perhaps at me , standing dead still while people moved all around him , laughing and acting normal .
yellow leaves rained to the ground , falling from the old tree as the weight of each sway drew a low creak from its branches , reminding me i was growing up and that , soon , this swing would be a thing of my past .
since he sat behind us , the only thing we could actually talk about in here was david .
` ` there 's just one thing i ' m curious about , though .
` ` oh , and one more thing . ''
the only thing we really argued on , the only thing i really enforced was that my bouquet be white , with only accents of yellow .
` ` well , there is one thing . ''
` ` i can probably handle this thing better than you . ''
next thing i know , i hear this rip . ''
one thing was for sure , though ; at any minute , that sun could disappear and this would all get a lot worse .
i looked at each face , studying each concerned gaze , and realised they were all watching one thing ; my head turned slowly to the centre of the clearing and my heart washed away with a breath of pure shock .
the other thing i learned was that , through reading the minds of humans for a hundred years , david had a bitter hatred for their kind .
how you can know someone , come to care for them , but never think of such a silly thing as seeing their name written down ?
` ` uh , sure thing , your majesty .
next thing i know , i ' m being hauled away in some pine box . ''
` ` look , i did n't come up here to argue this jason thing , i- '' ` ` where is he ? ''
often , a simple thing like the whereabouts of the queen or the company she keeps can be enough to tear a monarchy down or see a traitor get the upper hand . ''
` ` jason 's taking care of that thing for us . ''
` ` i ' m just afraid of losing you , i ... you 're the one thing in my life that i ' ve never had control over- '' ` ` but- '' ` ` no , '' he said , with wide eyes , tightening his fingers on my arms .
` ` piano was always really more my brother 's thing . ''
` ` i love the feel of your hand on my back first thing in the morning . ''
` ` and i love feeling you in my hands first thing in the morning , '' he added .
` ` we 're worried about the same thing . ''
but one thing was for sure : that apple held some kind of key to some kind of secret eve wanted me to know .
she was damn well going to at least confess , or this stone face would be last thing she saw .
` ` this whole thing 's a mess , is n't it ? ''
i could feel her fragile body beneath mine , feel her tight and warm around me , feel every move , every twitch inside her , but the only thing my heart focused on was her hand against my chest , placed there so absently ; a touch of love , her thin fingers so precious and delicate , so fiery and dangerous , so sweetly and wonderfully mine .
i would n't challenge david in a room full of people : he 'd only make more of an effort to hold strong and put me in my place , and that would just create a massive scene , degrading david 's pride even more in the process and hindering any hope i had of sorting things out with him .
then , next thing i know , brody hits the locker and your dad 's there pinning him against it . ''
mom talked about the one thing that really worried her .
and she wanted tasha to be happy because tasha used to hit her all the time , and lisi and me , and there 's more stuff to the whole thing , but we can talk about that another day .
we make it lighter and more contrast - y through some app she has , and we crop it , but we leave in the random pepper shaker because it seems to add to the whole thing .
it 's one thing if he wants to ignore it .
` ` no , '' i answered , now feeling awkward about the whole thing .
bottom line - the only thing i care about is how much my education will cost .
suddenly the biggest thing on my mind was how i 'd lied to dad .
a bunch of underage queer kids is the last thing they care about .
where would i be going on that little thing ?
` ` dude , this is your thing .
` ` i did n't know you were into that kind of thing . ''
` ` make it a group thing . ''
` ` the most important thing is , are you ok ? ''
crazy blonde waitress clearly thinks it 's the most important thing in her life , because without even a moment 's pause , she strips off her green apron and shoves it at luann 's chest .
` ` no , next to that other thing . ''
i know what 's wrong with my great love project - the one thing i ' ve so conveniently overlooked all this time .
what about the music you loaned him , but he said was n't his thing ?
and is it something real , or - eww - just a casual hookup thing ?
it 's a girl thing , '' she adds .
` ` maybe we make it a group thing ?
for once , garrett is the last thing on my mind .
customers bitch about that kind of thing all the time . ''
but soon enough , hallie quit the theater group over some fight , and their dad started spending weekends at the office , and their saturday rituals became a thing of the past .
no , the whole thing had been madness ; a fever - dream .
` ` sorry , but , i ' m not into this kind of thing . ''
from the moment hallie stepped out of her cab that night , resplendent in amber 's borrowed outfit , the only thing anyone wanted to talk about was ... dakota .
` ` it 's not my thing . ''
the only thing that mattered was that she tell him .
so , the next thing anyone knows , they 're in vegas . ''
it should have been the first thing . ''
` ` it was a kind of last - minute thing . ''
i ignore her hushed comments and keep working until she leaves , settling into a blissful rhythm of lift , wipe , repeat , and then unpacking my own things , a warm breeze rippling the curtains and a familiar pop song drifting up from the apartment downstairs but nothing else to break my peace .
the last thing i want is to be a drag and risk boring my only friend .
` ` i thought this was the most important thing in your life . ''
` ` then it 's a good thing i have spares ! ''
i ' m the last person he 'd talk to about that sort of thing . ''
` ` i ... well , that is to say , we ... '' his words fade out , and then the next thing i know , he lunges forward and kisses me .
they may be right about the whole ` ` raunch culture '' thing being kind of sleazy , all that stripping and soft p**n , but there 's one thing they 're not talking about .
things will be the same as they always were back in england , of that i have no doubt , but surely that 's a good thing ?
we were talking , and she said how she never saw me , and i said something about her living on the other side of the city , and then the next thing i knew ... '' he gave a small shrug .
` ` so he 'll get the whole ella thing straightened out , '' flora finished brightly .
but one thing was made very clear : the sooner she admitted her crimes , the sooner they could release her .
the food was hardly the most important thing .
` ` there is this one other thing ... '' ` ` what ? ''
oh , and one other thing , '' she added , just as alice was about to leave . ` `
` ` the first thing you need to know is i did n't pick you out to target , not like the others .
as long as you are here , lock everything private in your mind in boxes and just focus on one thing if someone tries to get in your mind .
i realized he could see every memory and struggled to focus on one thing .
not one thing , okay ? '
but he 's right about one thing .
it 's a teenage thing , i guess . '
' there is one more thing , ' joanna said , standing up as the meeting headed towards a natural close .
the shock had not died down , and i doubted it would until the whole thing was resolved .
they were drinking now , too - buck 's fizz - and were giggling at a waiter offering canapes ( another thing that fascinated them ) .
` ` there 's another thing i do n't wan na talk about . ''
the whole thing was disconcertingly tender , but ty did n't want to make zane stop by observing this out loud .
that 's why this 156 thing has n't been solved yet .
his regrets were one thing he did not plan on going over with zane any time soon .
his jaw was n't broken , and the only thing that really needed attention was his broken nose .
the only thing that concerned burns was how earl and the boys were handling themselves since they 'd come off the mountain .
he knew how important a part the smallest thing could play when trying to convince a stranger that you were someone they thought they already knew .
` ` yeah , i '' m a little sore , '' he said quietly , thinking about how little he knew of ty '' s past , especially things like tours in hostile middle eastern countries , a marine recon team being a family , and why he spoke farsi like a native .
of all the details this case entailed , this was the one thing zane truly resented .
` ` it '' s a good thing you '' re pretty or you '' d never get laid . ''
any little thing could break an undercover assignment , much less a big problem like not speaking a language .
the kiss became more heated as ty moved his body against zane '' s , the soft material of ty '' s pants the only thing between them .
the next thing he knew , ty was ducking in front of him as if taking cover from a projectile , and zane turned instinctively to check the threat .
we still have one more thing to take care of , '' pierce grunted as he eyed the bronco in the shadows of the parking lot .
` ` is that really the biggest thing you re worried about right now ?
so , keeping that in mind , ill ask you again : is that really the biggest thing you re concerned about ? ''
he told himself that was just one more thing he was going to pay attention to if he ever got his sight back .
one thing he did know for certain : he would get on his knees and beg zane not to leave him alone tonight .
` ` see , that was one thing i thought a lot about while i was gone , '' ty said as he rolled zane to his back and gave him a quick kiss .
one thing was certain after seeing the face of the man waving to him in his scope : he could n't just take them out from up here .
he would never get tired of moments like this , when ty proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that zane was the most important thing in his world .
` ` he 's the most important thing in my life , '' julian said , his low voice echoing what ty was thinking .
` ` jesus christ , grady , can you not take one f**king thing seriously ? ''
` ` that 's the last thing on my mind , '' ty murmured .
religion did n't have much place in zane 's life anymore , like a lot of other things .
a stetson 's a real personal thing to a man .
that was the furthest thing from his mind now .
` ` the only thing you give a damn about is your reputation and that goddamned party .
one thing was for sure , though .
be a little silly , let them know what they 're saying is the most important thing in the world , teach them right from wrong .
after a while , ty began to feel disconcertingly okay with the whole thing , lying in bed with his partner in front of a dozen or so people who were snapping off pictures left and right .
that 's really the only thing you care about , right ?
` ` can we just deal with one thing at a time here ? ''
` ` and he sure as hell is n't the only thing you 're keeping close to the vest .
` ` you are correct about one thing . ''
the only thing i want her to focus on is us , as in laken and me .
one more thing .
` ` in fact , ephemeral does n't have a thing to do with it . ''
` ` oh '' -laken leans in- '' one more thing .
` ` it 's not just the mindreading and time travel , laken , there 's one other thing .
the only thing i 'd really like to focus on right now is the fact a newly single wesley parker is sprawled out on my bed .
that 's one thing for sure i do n't want to think about .
a thousand crazed spectators could burst through the windows , and i would n't have a thing to worry about .
mostly i was teasing , but still , my relationship with wesley is the most important thing in the world to me .
carter stops bopping in place , as if things just got serious .
he opens a sketchbook , and the first thing i see is my profile , gentle and flowing , the soft grey of the pencil capturing every nuance with staggering accuracy .
the countenance understands only one thing , the proliferation of their people .
one thing 's for sure , i do n't trust mr . edinger .
` ` the only thing we need to be ironing out is a budget . ''
` ` the whole thing ? ''
i suppose that whole plagiarism thing is still highly frowned upon .
your sister is in my creative writing class , and the only thing she 's plotting is how to jump the professor . ''
i ' ve just been sitting here stumped over this whole naughty book thing . ''
i ' m sure the last thing he wants to think about is legal fees .
the last thing i want is for us to start our marriage off with secrets - and with a sexual expose of our love life , of all things .
a part of me thinks he might be amused and another , far more logical , part believes he 'll put the kibosh on the entire thing , and i 'll be back to my denim - disaster wedding at the courthouse .
the next thing you know he 'll be commending me on my exceptional erotica skills .
` ` oh yes , there was one thing .
the next thing you know he 'll be asleep before you ever hit the sheets , and you 'll have to slap his dick silly if you even want to think of getting any action . ''
he staggers over to the opposite end of the table , and for a second i think he 's going to tip the whole thing over on the unsuspecting soul hiding behind gold - rimmed glasses .
it 's nice to see they have n't let a little thing like marrying the same man get in the way of their friendship - although , technically , jackie wanted the divorce .
i wish i could say that i was shocked that the bed - and - breakfast is morphing into one giant spin cycle , that it surprised the f**k out of me that the one thing entrusted to me was going down the drain by way of laundry detergent , but it did n't .
` ` so there might be one thing i forgot to mention . ''
we start out on the road before us toward the unknowable future , but one thing is for sure : kenny and i will be there to cross the threshold of each new day together .
derek and his girlfriend raya are n't too keen on that whole hygiene thing .
one thing is for sure , i refuse to get burned .
if i could go back i would appreciate things a whole lot more , savor ally 's body like it was the most exotic fruit , the last bite of my entire existence .
of course , you 'll have to figure out the distance thing , but in college that 's no big deal .
my body freezes , my adrenaline spikes - the next thing i know my hand connects with her cheek in a violent slap .
one thing is for sure , morgan 's going - away party is going to suck .
the last thing i want is to be privy to some warped sexual banter between the two of them , although i 'd pay in gold to have the roles reversed - logan back here writhing with jealousy , me in there passing time while skyla flirts relentlessly .
the last thing i want to do is rub salt in the skyla - shaped wound in his heart .
for all practical purposes , this could be a city council meeting , because not a thing about the factions has been brought up once .
the last thing i saw was the look of surprise on her face , her lips parted like they wanted to meet with mine .
` ` it 's a great place to take your mind off things and relax . ''
` ` i thought you said it was a two - hour thing ? ''
` ` you 're right '' -i say , scooping up my books- '' but one thing i noticed , after jotting it all down , is the fact the counts seem to be lacking in the abilities department . ''
` ` whatever this is , one thing is for sure - a decision you make today will effect all of humanity forever . ''
one thing is certain ; i ' m going to do everything in my power to make sure that vision never comes true .
` ` one thing is for sure '' -the muscle in coop 's jaw pops as wes draws near- '' one of them is a red herring .
` ` i do n't see why not , he gets everything else - except one thing . ''
that 's another thing i 'll have to see my mother about .
that 's one thing i 'll never lose sleep over .
the only thing he was really interested in was the gravy train - in other words the landon refrigerator .
soon i 'll have the real thing .
we swam at the falls of virtue when everything was still new and i had n't had the time to f**k a single thing up between us .
but i know there 's one more thing i have to do .
so many things have changed , and , yet one thing remains the same .
i was taking the baby back to brielle , and the next thing i knew gage was stumbling in front of me . ''
chalk this up as another thing i 'll have to see my mother about .
` ` oh , that head thing . ''
god knows i ' m not going to let a little thing like a casket stand in the way of finding out exactly what it was .
one more thing , skyla - nev stretches his wings and accidentally smacks me in the face - the justice alliance has officially reopened their case and is actively investigating the evidence against ezrina and me .
i ' m sure emily drew it up on a napkin for them one morning before breakfast , and they figured the whole thing out .
the next thing i know , you 'll be calling me master . ''
` ` one thing is for damn sure , that dress is ridiculously hot .
it feels like we 're falling in that same trap again , and the last thing i want is for gage to feel insecure in any way .
he 's got school , and the bowling alley , and this little thing called reality to tend to . ''
` ` well one thing 's for sure , i ' m not a quitter . ''
i look to him for support only he 's being unnaturally quiet about the whole thing .
` ` one more thing before i go , '' i say .
` ` i ' ve reconsidered the whole coaching thing . ''
in fact , if i remember correctly , they were only ticked about one thing . ''
the last thing i remember was the heat rising in that hotel room .
` ` there was one thing . ''
and the last thing i want to do is put a damper on the moment because of logan 's inability to maintain his manners .
one thing is for sure , marshall has the ability to make me feel safe even in a room full of mounted fems .
i ' m pretty sure grapes and massages were the last two things on that woman 's mind .
something tells me if lizbeth landon were on the justice alliance i would n't have a thing to worry about .
and here i thought carpentry was going to be my thing . ''
` ` but one thing needs to happen before i give you some of this , '' he grabs a hold of his crotch .
it 's bad enough i ' m technically going to prom with logan , the last thing i need to do is rub his face in the fact logan gets to fondle me freely for the next seven or eight hours .
one thing is for damn sure , there 's not a soul on this planet that can stop me from killing holden tonight .
the next thing i know we 're wheeling her down the hall into yet another room .
the last thing i want is to experience this countastrophy without him here to view it with me live , and in person .
` ` ok , one more thing . ''
technically , if i befriend him and ask him for a ride i would n't alter a single thing .
the next thing i know skyla , here , has got this look of revenge on her face , and she 's gunning for the blonde . ''
` ` skyla messenger , '' i hesitate , ` ` um , i felt the machine kick up a notch , and the next thing i knew it was speeding up .
you need to learn to relax about these things , '' mom barks it out as she places the remainder of our drinks in front of us .
i ' m thankful justice has landed me on the right side of the penitentiary , and i still get to choose who i lose my virginity to , but still , lackluster about that whole jumpsuit thing .
it seems the only thing i can do with speed and accuracy is make things worse , speaking of which ... ` ` winter formal is tonight , '' i say it weak to mom as she lands a plate full of bacon in front of me .
he pulls back and gives a naughty grin that assures me chloe is the last thing on his mind .
her voice is low and garbled as though it was the last thing in the world she wanted to ask .
` ` the last thing i want to discuss is chloe 's next move . ''
` ` and then everyone started running around , and the next thing i knew , some jerk pushed me in the water . ''
the only thing we 'll be discussing with great sorrow is the fact tad is in my life - that , and the awful fact i killed someone .
` ` i was just standing out front , and the next thing i knew i was in this dirt pit at least ten feet under .
it 's probably the last thing i should be thinking , that logan is touching me , the last thing i need to be doing is focusing in on the electrical impulses that race from his fingertips all the way to my scalp , but my mind refuses to consider anything else .
one thing 's for sure , i ' m determined to change my future and there 's not a damn thing anybody is going to do about it .
alright , so it 's obviously best i drop this whole thing .
it was one thing when mia was n't dragged into it , but now this has blown up into a huge freaking disaster .
` ` oh , it 's the vision you showed me , '' i say , feeling light about the whole thing .
they 're taking this whole , we are women , see our decor thing a bit too far .
one thing 's for sure , ellis harrison knows how to throw a party .
it 's a great place to take your mind off things and relax . ''
i love that there is one thing in my life that neither my mother nor tad can give me grief over .
` ` i thought you said it was a two hour thing ? ''
` ` you so much as look at him with that come - hither look in your eyes , and i 'll make sure his beautiful face is the last thing you see . ''
one thing is for sure , i ' m pretty damn glad i never gave away my i love you .
` ` me and ace are keeping things low key since it 's just a summer thing . ''
a giant ten - foot screen pops up against the house , and the next thing i know i ' m staring at an oversized version of myself , warren and his father .
it 's a f**king sieve , and if we do n't take care of things soon , we 'll all be out on the streets looking for a sugar daddy .
about that virgin thing , you 're just shitting me , right ? ''
they lose themselves in conversation , and a sea of bodies moves between us , causing their little circle to drift toward the dance floor , and the next thing i see is the three of them thrashing their limbs to some alternative 80 's music that 's being covered by the world 's worst singer .
sex had become a thing , something like a chore that i penciled into my weekends to help pass the time because i promised my father i would shop around .
i ' m sure we can work this whole thing out .
the last thing i want to do is slow things down with roxy and me .
` ` good , because i ' ve got one more thing to show you . ''
the important thing is that it 's over . ''
i used to think it was the farthest thing from the truth when laney suggested my mother did n't care for her , but it 's little things like this that only affirm her theory .
` ` there 's one more thing we need to discuss , but i do n't think we need to go there right now . ''
` ` and now it 's sort of my thing , too . ''
` ` the only thing i regret is the year i spent without you .
baya brighton has cast her spell whether she 's aware of it or not , and , now , the only thing left to do is to figure out how the hell to break it .
` ` it 's sort of a weekend thing . ''
maybe it 's a good thing we did n't dive into anything tonight .
of course he 's going to be way more casual about the whole thing .
she waves me off and leans heavily into luke as thing one and thing two campaign shamelessly for his attention - by the way , luke totally looks as if he 's enjoying it .
thing one and thing two peek out from their frilly , lacy storehouse , surprised by this turn of events , because , clearly , i ' ve offended them .
from what i was reading , the meeting was n't a crucial thing that needed to be running , and the topic was brief and would n't impact on the company as much as other things would have .
from what i was reading , the meeting was n't a crucial thing that needed to be running , and the topic was brief and would n't impact on the company as much as other things would have .
a sense of deja vu washed through me as i remembered the night i had fought with adrian over the same thing - except our fight was based on uno cards .
just let me do all the talking , you do n't need to worry about a thing , okay ? ''
* * * three years later ... ` ` i do n't think that 's a safe place to put the vase adrian , you know how alana and theo are with new things . ''
` ` you 'll never hear me complain about a gorgeous woman pressing herself against me first thing in the morning . ''
i do n't get it , but one thing is certain , i 'll be damned if i 'll move in now .
things are in full swing when i saunter inside to the smell of freshly baked muffins and coffee .
it 's a guy thing .
` ` it 's a good thing you said yes .
i just wanted to send you some fun texts to spice things up a bit .
` ` it 's a good thing the girls are n't with you , '' i reply dryly .
i ' ve never , ever just walked around in the nude like it 's no big thing .
` ` so it 'll be a family thing . ''
he raises a finger to his lips and pretends to be thinking really hard and i laugh , but then remember that there is somewhere i need to be , and my mood shifts , and brad and meeting with sam is the furthest thing from my mind .
his eyes close and teeth clench , and the next thing i know he 's kissing me like crazy and pushing me back into the living room .
` ` we have one more thing , '' natalie says and smiles at me .
at first , all i can do is stare at her as i feel the tears fill my eyes , and the next thing i know , i tip the chair over in my haste to get out of it and run out into the back yard .
` ` sixty - seven thousand , '' he states like it 's no big thing , and i stare at him with an open mouth and wide eyes .
he kisses each cheek , and the next thing i know , he 's parted my cheeks , spreading my labia open , and his mouth is on me .
he wakes and holds me , kisses my hair , runs those magical hands down my back , and the next thing i know , he 's rolled us so he 's on top of me .
` ` look , you made it quite clear tonight that the only thing you give a rats ass about is football .
then the next thing i know that asshat is pushing a mic in my face asking me about you .
` ` just dessert on the rooftop , '' will murmurs and shrugs shyly , like it 's no big thing .
but it is a big thing .
i look down at the dress and turn a circle so he can see the whole thing .
` ` it 's a good thing i did n't know that this was under that dress . ''
i hear him rip open a foil packet , and the next thing i know , he grips my hair hard in one fist and pushes my face down to the counter top , spanks my right cheek , hard , and plunges inside me , all the way .
` ` one more thing , '' leo adds as gary flips steaks on the grill .
` ` well , that 's the other thing i wanted to talk to you about .
i shrug like it 's no big thing , but inside i ' m doing the mega happy - dance .
` ` yeah , well , that 's one less thing we need to worry about , but we 're not out of the woods .
` ` have i ever told you how fantastic you look first thing in the morning ? ''
` ` you hurt me too , but the most important thing is that you hurt them , and they did n't deserve that . ''
` ` it 's not my thing , '' i reply and step aside as a man wearing nothing but leather and chains brushes against me .
is this just a sex thing ?
is she planning to break things off again , or does she think we 'll do the long - distance thing while she 's gone for fucking months at a time ?
` ` about the other thing , mark .
first thing 's first .
who does n't like that sort of thing ?
his jaw ticks , and the next thing i know , he takes my hand in his and leads me across the grass , into the back of the villa , and into the sunroom , shutting the door behind us .
his lips twitch with humor , his dimple winks at me , and the next thing i know , my towel is gone and tossed on the floor .
i 'll be done with the whole thing by next wednesday .
it would be one thing if he was actually concerned about whether or not she made it home ok or how she was feeling , but his primary concern was finding out how pissed she was at him and i did n't do anything to try to ease his mind .
i have to cancel the stupid thing .
maybe it 's still a physical thing .
` ` listen , i ' m not going to beat around the bush because i have to be at work soon , and frankly , it 's just not my thing . ''
` ` i never really got into the whole school thing . ''
she does n't ask anything else , but i tell her anyway , even though it 's the thing i hate mentioning the most .
` ` you know , '' i say , pushing a bag of brown sugar and another measuring cup at him since he wants to pack things so badly , ` ` one day i may not be here , and then you 'll be cookieless and sad . ''
i ' m not really an expert on the whole thing .
because it 's the last thing i want to talk about .
this was not the one thing on my list .
` ` the next thing i knew i was going to fancy dinner parties and he was taking me out to romantic restaurants and midnight walks in the park and we made love again and again and again and it was so , it was ... '' she leaned forward , her eyes lighting before she whispered fervently , ` ` spectacular .
not ... one ... thing .
the kiss had proved to him that nothing had changed in lily , except one thing .
tell me about your thing . ''
` ` um ... '' she began , her thoughts awhirl but she stopped speaking when he rolled into her , mostly on top of her , his thigh now between hers and her thoughts focused on one thing .
same thing , '' he replied distractedly , mind on other things , not just informing her of the usually joyous fact that that morning they 'd essentially been we d. she stood frozen and stared as he massaged the shampoo in his hair .
he got close and grabbed her hand , mumbling , ` ` one thing . ''
but she did intend to get a few things straight which was the only thing she did n't do .
` ` all right , little one , '' he was still speaking softly but , for some reason , his arms were getting tighter , ` ` we have one more thing to talk about . ''
` ` one more thing , baby doll . ''
` ` and the last thing i know , my handsome wolf is the strongest werewolf there is and this is not only because he is a great warrior .
she pushed up to her knees , sat back on her calves , wrapped her arm around her br**sts , the other around her belly , her eyes never leaving his , her glossy , magnificent dark hair framing her cherished face and she noted , ` ` uh ... the na**d thing , not so fun .
the next thing i know , it had been signed , avery had filed it , you 'd homed her and the bloodletting was last night . ''
the phone in the house was one thing but he 'd put the keys to the cayenne on the key holder by the backdoor .
` ` what your family does is no small thing .
` ` one more thing , '' she answered quietly .
the only thing lucien had to go on with gregor was that he 'd taken a young mortal into his care after her parents were assassinated .
i nodded and said , ` ` the table thing . ''
i fluttered my hand in the air and explained , ` ` the table thing .
i sat cross - legged in bed , using a plastic knife to gouge out peanut butter and glop it on my two bananas , eating them all the while glaring at lucien who was seeing to the not taxing chore of packing up my things .
that 's your cross to bear and that 's the whole thing about forgiveness .
this meant the only thing he changed was converting the smallest bedroom , which was the size of a big closet , to a master bath .
` ` since ben made it clear what he was thinking about this , it 's pretty much the only thing i think about , we talk about , and i talk about with other people .
since it could be something important about a work thing ( old or new ) , i took the call and put it to my ear .
but one thing .
not one f**kin ' thing . ''
` ` no , i ' m meeting you at a place called mccaffrey 's where i ' m giving a command performance for heath , my colleague who disappeared at lunch after a first - thing - in - the - morning meeting with me followed immediately by one with bierman . ''
two orgasms first thing in the morning , i did n't care about anything .
mike wanted not one thing to do with debbie holliday .
so it 's good to know i ' m not with a man who did n't give enough of a shit about me to consider that same thing . ''
he was a teenage boy which meant that in normal circumstances , he had one thing on his mind .
she wants to call the whole thing off .
and one thing was certain , dusty had gone far beyond the call of duty and in doing so entirely erased his daughter 's anger and pain at the disappointment her mother crushed her with that morning .
things had changed yesterday at the farm for dusty .
if this is about me and dusty , that has not one thing to do with you .
not one f**kin ' thing .
` ` audrey , honest to god , there is not one thing you need to speak with dusty about . ''
and one more thing , '' mike added .
i think tonight , even though it was shit , one thing on your plate got sorted because the boys broke through . ''
and whatever was happening between fin and rees was the only thing that was of concern the last month .
he was about to ask if she was shitting him , coming to his house first thing in the morning , asking him and his sons to dinner , feeding his dog , helping herself to coffee and telling him where to keep his mugs but he did n't get the chance .
` ` suit yourself but one thing .
innocently visiting my friend and the next thing i know i have a flat !
` ` not one f**kin ' thing .
` ` one thing , '' he said .
` ` he 's gon na blow the whole thing .
` ` one other thing , '' sully stated .
if he got impatient with it because it was n't a whole helluva lot of fun except when violet walked out of a dressing room , looking so f**king sweet she made the whole thing worthwhile .
` ` i know cal 's helpin ' out with your thing , he 's your neighbor , '' mike said and i looked back to him .
` ` it 's just that ... '' she started to move from him and muttered , ` ` forget it , it 's no big thing . ''
seriously , sweetheart , that is not my thing . ''
not one f**kin ' thing selfish about that and , you been honest , he knows the score and he told you flat out he 's willin ' to hang around .
it was coated with buttery garlic , the bread light but doughy , the marinara tangy and spicy , the whole thing utterly delicious .
` ` first thing , '' he said .
` ` first thing ? ''
my wife killed my kid and my dad died and the last thing he knew in this life was that shit went down .
` ` you did n't have a thing to do with puck dying . ''
` ` girlie , your whatever - he - is 's ex phones you , findin ' you at his house first thing in the mornin ' , you call your girlfriends so we can peck it over and so , when other people call us about it , we do n't look like ass**les because we 're surprised , '' jessie informed me .
even so , his moving into that room was a big thing and everyone in the house knew it , most especially colt .
` ` one other thing , man , '' sully said hurriedly , ` ` feds want you to consider protective custody , for you and feb . '' colt did n't like it , for him or feb , meant her being pent up and him being disempowered , but he 'd sure as f**k consider it .
chip recovered his composure , dipped his head to the door and said , ` ` first thing , get you a decent deadbolt .
i might have lost hold of me for awhile but one thing was for certain after pete , february owens was not someone who was summoned .
` ` today , you got ta worry about your funeral outfit , packin ' your shit and one more thing . ''
i thought this because reece made his usual show of acting like it was no big thing , even though they cost some serious cake .
` ` one thing ... '' i started and then my throat closed and i could n't go on .
his behavior and this scene first thing in the morning so incensed me , very unusually ( as in , i was n't certain it had ever happened before ) , i lost my control , leaned toward him too and shouted a word i 'd never used in my life in that manner , ` ` whatever ! ''
by the time i was moving back to my chair , trying to think of what else to do that day , anything to keep my mind off a variety of things that i did n't want to think about , coming up with nothing but sitting in that chair and staring at the bleak landscape thinking about those variety of things , my mobile rang .
she said he was n't her thing but he knew she lied .
` ` just one final thing , '' i began .
` ` oh yeah , '' he answered , his voice strange , deeper and rumbly , the sound , especially first thing in the morning , utterly lovely .
so that was at least one thing they did n't have to worry about .
i had only one thing on my mind .
` ` just want you to be cool about that kind of thing , '' he went on .
` ` one more thing , '' i said hurriedly when he picked up his fork to start eating .
the other thing i had learned was that the purpose of this mission was to recover an elfin relic of great importance .
i was riding way back amongst the wagons , the ones that carried the chams and belongings and the slaves which were also belongings , of course , a fact i found loathsome and yet another thing i could do nothing about for it was my people 's way .
but okay , so sure , he only lived here two months out of the year so this probably was n't an important place to him and sure , he could n't know that in my world , a husband bringing his wife home for the first time was a big thing .
he towered over me , still as a statue except his eyes which travelled the length of me , their path burning my skin like it was a physical thing .
the next thing i knew , your entire body was surrounded by a blue mist , it surrounded mine with yours and then we were in that , '' his head gave a small jerk backwards , ` ` bed . ''
` ` things are more complicated than the alternate universe thing ? ''
and , by the gods , i 'd just come to understand you were who you are and i was in love with you so perhaps i had other things on my mind than the fact that your sister is happy , healthy and has decided to change her wedding bouquet from orange blossoms and jasmine to roses and daisies because she thinks the scent of jasmine will clash violently with the blossoms ? ''
not that first thing .
pol let me go , caught the gun and clearly flipped it to hold it by the barrel because the next thing i knew , the butt was coming down hard on the flesh under my cheekbone .
` ` you ' ve spoken one word to me all day , that being first thing this morning .
` ` amongst the other things , i feel that is what it 's done for us , my poppy .
` ` just one more thing , '' i answered .
one thing apollo did share during pillow talk was the fact that frey was not head of the drakkar house , although he should have been , even if his father still lived .
one thing on my list of things to fret about that night that i could tick off .
one thing on my list of things to fret about that night that i could tick off .
` ` that 's a big thing to work through , '' she noted .
her smile stayed firm in place when she told him , ` ` we do n't need to discuss how things are progressing with madeleine . ''
` ` not one thing , mon loup , '' she replied , her body fading , her lips curving up .
` ` this being precisely why two days have passed with me needing to worry about the not insignificant fact we 're at war but the only thing on my mind was the look on my son 's face when he showed me his pain and the look on yours when you gave me the same .
therefore , he pressed , ` ` was chris the only thing on your mind ? ''
it was time to leave her alone , so i bumped my shoulder against hers and lifted our hands , doing this while offering , ` ` if you ever need to talk about this kind of thing , or anything , i ' m here .
knowing his children were under heavy guard of soldiers , witches and wolves , getting her back was the only thing on his mind .
well , one thing was certain , minerva had a thing for birds .
maybe , back then , they did n't talk about that kind of thing or he would n't have believed her .
` ` well , one thing 's certain , '' she told her phone .
not one thing . ''
` ` one more thing , '' cash halted her , jane turned and cash finished .
` ` one thing , though .
` ` mr . morgan , i know it 's none of my business and i dislike people who lecture about this kind of thing , but as this is a sports car , you should know that it 's likely it burns fuel like nobody 's business .
goddess , even first thing in the morning , just like always , colin tasted divine .
marian thought the young secretary looked like she had a great many other things she would prefer to be doing rather than making coffee .
chapter fifteen tranquilliser dart colin was in his office on his phone he 'd gone back to bristol after visiting sibyl at the community centre to return phone calls and make certain the incredible ass who drove the minibus was , indeed , sacked ( which , as colin threatened , a number of councillors assured him , he would be , first thing in the morning ) .
` ` yes , that 's one thing that is obvious , '' scarlett muttered under her breath but loud enough for everyone to hear .
` ` i thought i 'd show you that first thing , before anyone said anything , '' she said in a dire voice , her eyes so big colin was concerned they 'd pop out of her head then she mumbled ominously , ` ` i 'll hold your calls , '' and quickly exited the room .
surveying her , isabella remarked , ` ` i think the only thing you have to worry about is knocking dougal dead when he sees how beautiful you are . ''
isabella looked at her friend , knowing annie 's cloak and dagger was never a good thing but she had other , more pressing things on her mind .
belle had been trying , and succeeding , in not thinking about this very thing .
although bed , with jack , could also be a place where things could get even more complicated .
there were no photographers mainly because the first night jack was there , after sitting with belle until she woke and remaining with her until her quiet tears subsided and she 'd fallen asleep , he 'd demanded a first thing in the morning meeting with the hospital ceo .
the one thing that we do n't need to talk about is this .
the important thing is , '' jack took her hand , ` ` something or , '' his eyes cut to angus when he said , ` ` someone , '' he looked back at belle , ` ` was there the night of the accident . ''
even nearly first thing in the morning without makeup , she looked just as casually chic and adorably charming as she actually was .
` ` not one thing , '' lorna put in .
belle broke it , saying , ` ` the bright side is , that 's one thing down . ''
through a low , soft chuckle jack replied , ` ` yes , poppet , it 's one thing down . ''
and i ' m takin ' care of the whole thing .
the next thing i knew , something was wrapped around my ankle and dragging me down the length of the bed , just like the heroine in a horror movie when my knees slammed into the footboard , i whipped around to my back and gave a small yelp .
the next thing i knew , i was being lifted in the air .
` ` well , this is one thing i ' m gon na allow you to cute your way into . ''
i ' m gon na root him out , kick his ass and then things will get back to normal . ''
` ` all righty then , let 's go on to the next category , strength , durability , that kind of thing . ''
this was n't the kind of something that could go wrong like jumping in a car with ten dollars in your pocket and a half a tank of gas and driving to colorado springs in hopes of going to a bar , not getting carded , and meeting hot , soon - to - be - fighter - pilot cadets from the air force academy , an endeavor doomed to fail ( and i would know as i was the voice of experience on that kind of thing , how do you think i got my t - shirt ? ) .
there was one thing on my mind ... escape , escape , escape !
then he said , ` ` one thing at a time . ''
next thing i knew , my ni**les were tingling , my doo - da was quivering , i was kissing him back and my legs hit the bed .
` ` one thing at a time , '' he said .
` ` thought he 'd taken care of his thing with marcus , '' another guy said .
` ` it 's a good thing you 're so damn pretty , chiquita , because mostly , you 're a pain in the ass . ''
one more thing , mace was hot .
i had to let the w - word go and tackle one thing at a time .
as eddie would say , one thing at a time .
` ` one thing , darlin ' girl .
` ` one more thing , roxanne . ''
i ' m sorry , it 's a guy thing .
` ` it 's a family thing . ''
` ` you would n't , it 's a guy thing .
` ` last thing i want to do , last thing i ever wanted to do , was make you feel trapped , '' he murmured into my hair .
` ` one more thing , '' i said , when we were in hank 's living room .
` ` it 's one thing at a time .
for my part , this was mainly because the only thing i could think to talk about was whether vance was back in town or not .
` ` girl , it 's a good thing you 're so f**kin ' beautiful or you 'd be a serious pain in the ass . ''
i had one more thing on my agenda that was waiting for my period to come .
` ` one thing you need to know , while you 're sharing my bed , i do n't share your body . ''
` ` one more thing , '' tex said .
we took my range rover , luke driving , mrs . stark making a big thing out of me sitting in the passenger seat by luke .
then when we got to the restaurant , i hung back intent on sitting at the table next to mrs . stark when she made a big thing out of luke and i sitting side by side .
` ` it was a girl thing , '' i lied again for good measure .
` ` it 's a good thing your sweet body and the f**kin ' things you do n't even know you 're doin ' give you away or you 'd be a serious pain in the ass . ''
` ` one more thing , '' he told me .
shit , i did n't think i could handle one more thing .
however , there was no denying that we 'd had several hot and heavy discussions about a variety of things and not once did he mention he had a ` ` thing '' with jules , no matter how short .
i did n't know who monty was but the way jack said it i got the feeling this was a big thing .
he had just picked the wrong girl ( not that i could make him happy , i was kind of crazy , i had a bad temper and i fibbed a lot , luckily , luke ` ` enjoyed '' that kind of thing ) .
` ` one thing 's certain , life with you is never gon na be boring , '' he informed me .
` ` that 's just one little thing , '' i told him .
okay , one last thing .
he 'd never asked me anything personal and he 'd definitely never asked about my music , the most personal thing of al .
first thing , look in mace 's eyes .
final y , daisy answered , ` ` wel , the whole thing is out .
i was looking from one to the other , thinking that they were focusing on the wrong thing .
not even a little thing .
` ` first thing they'l be looking into is your wife 's files on the placement of two street kids with a known felon , '' george continued .
i was n't real y sure but al my thoughts seemed to be about the same thing .
i did n't know how i felt about lana and chloe playing guitar hero with daisy , indy and al y but i had bigger things to worry about .
wel , one thing was certain , the rock chicks took their assignments seriously .
things had degenerated into a place i did not want mace to go therefore i decided to intervene and i did this by declaring , ` ` i think we 're at a stalemate , boys , why do n't you retreat to your corners - ? ''
not so easy to stack plates and carry platters still heavy with food even though everyone had finished eating ( one thing was certain sure , blanca was generous with her hospitality ) .
one thing checked off the to - do list .
in fact , he looked like he thought the whole thing was funny and did n't even flinch when jet glared daggers at him .
one thing was certain sure , i could n't forget .
softly he announced , ` ` all right , mamita , we got that out of the way , one more thing . ''
this was my friend stella 's big thing with another of lee 's guys , mace ( seriously ?
these talks occurred after a fight about the same thing which led to no - holds - barred sex , sleeping tangled up in each other and after we woke up and were in bed .
but i got stuck on one thing .
i 'd called off the night faye had her thing so i could take care of faye 's thing .
so now , i need to prove to hank , lee , dad , and probably the hardest , ren , that this is my thing .
and anyway , that meant i could tick one thing off my watch list .
brody 's workin ' that book thing and he 's also workin ' hotel / motel registrations for me .
but we did text and even call to sort things like his place or mine or tell each other we were on our way .
not one thing , '' he stated .
so that marcus can give daisy what she needs , the family that comes with the rock chicks , without that tension or any shit hangin ' over their heads , he 's been growin ' the legit side of things , lettin ' go of the other .
` ` and one more thing , '' he started , and she tipped her head to the side , eyes avoiding mine but glued to ren , all ears .
he said a lot of words , but i was stuck on one thing .
` ` any of those girls knows they say one word to smithie , he 'll sort this whole thing . ''
that kind of book is not my thing and there are things about your brother and his woman i do not want to know ... '' he paused .
i looked back to darius to see his eyes on the same thing .
just one thing . ''
sergio had called a few times and told me that although he was in hiding , i could stay at one of his houses , but the last thing i wanted to do was depend on someone who blamed me for his brother 's death .
the whole damn thing .
` ` one thing you should know .
the only thing i was n't able to choose was the location .
it was quite another thing entirely to forge letters in her name , designed to destroy colin 's regard for her .
the next thing he knew , bridget , flushed and breathless , stood over him , her blade at his throat .
it was the only thing on her mind .
men would flock , because if one thing was certain , if either of the twins were interested in a woman , it was for good reason .
one thing was for certain , the girl would have more gentlemen callers than she would know what to do with .
her wavy blonde hair was quite the thing , tousled into a loose chignon .
the last thing he desired was to watch cordelia dance in another man 's arms .
it seemed his good intentions turned out to be nothing more than one more thing for the ton to trod on .
the thing which got him the most attention was the zip - up , something he would never understand .
one thing was for certain , his summer would never be the same .
one thing was obvious ; god had a great sense of humor .
he was quite honestly ready to take her right there underneath the waterfall , which he knew was probably not the most moral thing to do ; nevertheless , he was a man , and sometimes men thought things they should not think .
unfortunately , the first thing her hand touched was the rock - hard muscle of his arms , making her knees grow weaker than before .
but she was right about one thing : i 'd probably regret not taking that old wrinkled hand in mine .
after all , the only things we needed were pictures , and it was easy enough to convince the parents that i was n't interested in that sort of thing .
fashion had n't always been my thing .
what we were doing was n't normal , nor was it fair , but i was too selfish to change a damn thing .
her sharp intake of breath told me that the last thing she wanted was for me to leave - even though her body language said that if i got too close to the fork i was losing a ball .
because it made me think that maybe - things were going to be great between them , and i 'd gone and ruined the one thing that had kept a smile on his face for longer than six hours .
i mean how do you measure that type of thing ?
what 's one more thing ? ''
yeah , i about swallowed my tongue , because there were a lot of things he 'd stolen the joy from , that much was true ; but there was one thing in general that had hurt the most .
i 'll make a statement , even though it 's the last thing i want to do , and things will go back to being boring . ''
it 's because i finally finished my task , but one more thing ... one more thing .
it 's because i finally finished my task , but one more thing ... one more thing .
` ` i ' m just curious about one thing .
` ` hmm ... '' my hands were seriously paralyzed , as if i wanted to peel back every layer of clothing separating us , but i could only focus on one thing at a time , and right now , he was tasting me and that was all i could think about .
since lisa did n't really know what to focus on- '' ` ` -and since the most important thing to lisa is the number of shoes she has in her closet , '' i sang .
absolutely nothing , except for one thing .
things get hard and we immediately back away and assume that means we 're going in the wrong direction , doing the wrong thing .
but it was the only thing he could concentrate on - especially considering the air was still permeated with her .
one thing was certain : it was going to be a very long night .
for one thing , he was damned used to it , and for another , it gave him the space he needed to prepare himself for what would already be a painful goodbye - on his part , at least .
all things considered , it had been a necessary thing to carry out , and logically it made sense .
` ` yawn , '' ash said in a dry voice , feeling quite confident the action would be a natural one , all things considered .
` ` the no turns to a yes when faced with one thing . ''
she needed to ready herself for the ball , and the last thing she wanted to do was to ready herself for another dance that she knew would end with her searching for ash , needing to be in his arms .
ash sighed ; the last thing he wanted to speak of was his greatest sin , his greatest error .
hunter 's tears clouded his vision but not enough , for the last thing he saw was her blue eyes turn lifeless as her chest heaved its last breath .
it made him feel like every other sorry idiot out there , just sitting in a room , alone , thinking about the one thing he 'd rather die than think about .
one thing was for certain , he did n't need to make the girl desirable .
one thing was for certain , when she woke up , she was going to be furious .
leave it to rosalind to pounce on the one thing that was bothering gwen .
the last thing hunter wanted was for gwen to think he was regretting the decision to marry her .
` ` there is one other thing . ''
because he knew that hunter was right about one thing .
the last thing he wanted was for her to see him in such a weakened state , or god forbid , for him to harm her as he had harmed his father .
i ' m sure there is a better time or place to discuss such things .
one thing was for certain , rosalind hartwell was a sight .
well , one thing was for certain .
it was his fault that things had occurred as they had in the first place .
how could she have forgotten about such a thing as their current state of dress ?
he needed to see rosalind , but the last thing he wanted to do was admit that he had failed her .
chapter thirty - four death makes you see things clearly ... sometimes that 's not a good thing .
` ` another thing , '' he said gruffly .
` ` one thing , '' tex whispered .
i thought of mo 's smile of how that one tiny thing changed my world from dark to light .
bee 's shoulders slumped as she examined her nails , almost trying to appear indifferent about the whole thing .
you 're hot as hell , but i thought this was just a one - time thing , you know ?
hated that the last thing i was focusing on was the fact that random people were after my wife , someone was stalking us , and mil 's mom had just been murdered .
i 'd never been one to think about the whole patron saint thing , but in that moment , i pulled out the cross that i 'd made when i was fifteen .
as he hurried to table eight , mateo 's mind remained focused on one thing alone - nadia .
the important thing was to keep an open mind until she knew more - but it was worth finding out how much elizabeth herself knew .
it was the kind of thing people brought up from time to time , or told jokes about .
one thing at a time , she thought .
but there 's just one more thing i need to know - did your husband or your daughter ever mention any - weak spots or vulnerabilities elizabeth pike might have ?
why had n't he known then that this was n't nadia 's style , that nadia would have insisted on making plans first thing ? -elizabeth would have been able to prevent him from getting away .
keeping it casual , mateo said , ` ` there 's one thing i ' ve been wondering about . ''
nadia tried to tune out the screaming of the secretary or ms . walsh shouting directions for the ambulance into the phone ; the important thing right now was to focus on him , give him a little comfort if possible .
well , that was the one thing kendall could fix .
` ` that was the most important thing to me then .
the only important thing was making sense of the visions he was seeing , so that he could help protect nadia .
he 's already crossed a dimension to help me ; now he 's going to cross half the globe , as fast as humanly possible , and the one thing theo asks is whether he 's doing it all fast enough .
josie 's laid - back while i freak out about every little thing .
` ` that 's not the sort of thing you can joke about , not even with me .
and that was all fine , but i hated that they were treating me like some delicate , fragile thing .
` ` for some reason i thought this was a day thing . ''
` ` does n't seem like your thing . ''
` ` look , do n't worry so much about the morales thing .
there was one thing on my mind and one thing only .
i had one thing on my mind and that was the blade .
i wanted to scream that it was n't all right , and that it never would be again , because i 'd killed people and that was n't the kind of thing that you could ever fix .
33 before london , england i disobeyed the professor in one thing when we fled london before dawn .
kells 's name was the only thing i had to go on , so i used the access code to figure out the archiving system and found her file . ''
i saw nothing but felt like a small thing alone in a wide , cavernous space .
and i 'd be left with one more thing to move on from .
the only thing between my bottom and his erection was the thin cotton of his navy boxer briefs .
` ` one more thing i need you to see , '' i explained .
these things were vital that i know because i was going to escape this place no matter what , and i needed to memorize every aspect of my environment .
i hesitate , collapsing my hand around the phone , and contemplate this whole thing quietly one last time , making sure i want to open the lid on this issue .
it makes me happy that he wants me to be with him for such a seemingly insignificant thing , but i ca n't help but wonder how much of it is because he does n't trust me alone in the house unless i ' m locked away downstairs .
she smiles instead and then glances at her finger momentarily as if it 's an insignificant thing .
but the thing with victor keeping dorian alive , i believe , is mostly to do with u.s . intelligence and if they will retaliate in reaction to dorian 's death .
thankfully , his mullet was one thing .
a part of me got the feeling he thought the whole thing was amusing .
next thing i knew , we were spinning together , holding each other 's hands tightly and distributing equal weight on our arms .
but the one key thing that bray 's attorney made sure to bring to light in court was jana 's three - month stay in juvenile for attacking a girl in the school gym and beating her unconscious .
then with a silent curse he shoved aside his ego and concentrated on the only thing important at the moment .
the only thing that mattered was getting the answers they needed without putting callie at risk .
she was already terrified at the thought of meeting duncan 's family- the last thing she needed was to worry that the meeting might take place while she was naked in his bed .
instead he concentrated on the only thing that mattered .
` ` it is rather a simple thing .
the last thing in the world he desired to discuss was amelia 's brother .
the last thing he desired was to give her yet another thing to worry over .
the last thing he desired was to give her yet another thing to worry over .
the last thing he desired was for her to lose heart at the thought he would fail her .
the only thing that mattered was getting to the female who had him so twisted in knots he could n't think straight .
` ` for one thing , there is a pesky war being waged throughout europe , if you will recall , my love , '' he drawled , ` ` and while the winter months always put a damper on the generals ' enthusiasm for battle , if my sources are not mistaken , the foolish archduke charles is planning a futile uprising in austria , which of course will spark all sorts of nasty retaliations .
it was one thing to know he was denied the promise of a mate when she was a mythical creature that might or might not make an appearance in his life .
could n't one thing go right ?
he did n't know what the hell marika had been transformed into , but he was fairly certain that she was n't going to allow a little thing like the lack of a head to stop her .
` ` one thing at a time , lover . ''
` ` yes , but it was a near thing , '' she rasped .
he wanted to assure her that he would take her far away and they would never have to worry about another thing for all eternity .
he had almost forgotten the most important thing .
that was a simple thing .
a smile touched his face as he gazed down at the slender woman who had managed to become the most important thing in the world to him .
that was the only thing on his mind .
the only thing that matters is that you 're back where you belong . ''
the only thing important was getting her back to his lair so he could care for her properly .
` ` for one thing i would like our conversation to be a little more private than standing on michigan avenue , '' he said , his lips brushing her ear as he spoke .
the last thing he wanted was to tip her into full - blown panic at the thought that there were demons that possessed the ability to speak , or even attack , through dreams .
` ` there 's one thing though . ''
after that everything thing went blessedly black .
that is the most important thing . ''
she suspected that small service was another thing she did n't want to dwell on .
` ` a family thing , huh ? ''
` ` the first thing you must learn is that an oracle is to be obeyed , not questioned . ''
for all the trials and uncertainty she had endured over the years , not to mention the annoying attempts on her life , she would n't change one damn thing .
` ` well , i ' ve given up on the whole vanna thing since darcy pointed out that i ' m not quite tall enough to reach the letters of the puzzle , so i ' ve decided to take over deal or no deal .
things could go nuclear in a hurry , and there was n't a damn thing she could do about it .
he 'd done what he thought best for regan , and he would n't change a thing .
i am here only as a favor to regan , and if you think i am going to stand here and be insulted by a lice - infested , mangy dog , then you have another thing ... '' ` ` shut up , and come here , '' salvatore interrupted .
and they were n't the only thing tingling .
this mutual desire is one thing we can never hide from one another . ''
gritting her teeth , harley pretended that an empty ache had n't bloomed in the center of her heart , and concentrated on the only thing that was important .
` ` he 's right about one thing .
one thing was certain , she acknowledged grimly , shadow walking would never replace airplanes and cruise ships .
it was one thing to have a tenuous connection to laylah and another to be at her mercy .
the only thing to be considered is the fastest means to return to london . ''
but for now the most important thing was getting maluhia to safety .
the reason the rulers of the demon world had contributed the money and effort to hiring a hunter to capture him was yet another thing he was n't going to burn any brain cells on .
next thing i knew i was making a face - first landing in london . ''
he demanded , fiercely forcing himself to concentrate on the one thing he could control for the moment .
if he had lost her ... she took a step forward , and with a low growl he was reaching to yank her against his body , his arms wrapping around her so tightly it was a good thing she did n't need to breathe .
` ` it was one thing to perform the duties of our beloved prince when we were hidden in the shadows , '' the cur complained , ` ` but now that we ' ve come out of the closet things are about to become a whole lot more dangerous . ''
considering the power of the dark lord was one thing .
` ` i do n't know much about these things , but i believe that was the perfect thing to say . ''
he had one thing , and one thing only , on his mind .
he had one thing , and one thing only , on his mind .
the first thing her minions learned was never to speak of her ignoble defeat at the hands of the phoenix .
it was one thing to feel a measure of admiration for santiago after centuries of being surrounded by sycophants who rarely dared to question her decisions , let alone treat her as if he were her equal .
she thrust away the ridiculous thought , forcing herself to concentrate on the only thing that mattered .
` ` the only thing that matters is the future .
` ` why would i jest about such a thing ? ''
sally thought she heard something about food , but she was too numb to concentrate on more than one thing at a time .
since the accident , mom 's memory has been a touchy thing .
` ` your father and i might have very different ways of going about things , but essentially , it 's the same thing : we will not let an injustice slip through the cracks .
but to the old man , it 's the most important thing in the world . ''
` ` the last thing i remember was being at the full moon party . ''
i have a good instinct , sometimes , when it comes to this sort of thing .
i was going to interview liam first , which helped my nerves a little , but i was still terrified that i would make a mess of the whole thing .
when things got too much , it was my favorite place in the world to come and sit .
it 's pretty much been the only thing on my mind . ''
the vampires , stuck in human form , and us three leads , only had our mind on one thing .
so it was the first thing she put to the test .
to my relief , the guard seemed over the whole thing .
if there was one thing that i was certain the shade changed about me ; it made me independent of ben .
` ` and one more thing ... '' i added .
one thing was for certain though : after the battle of first blood , many humans had since died in our hands .
no matter how painful ... '' he kissed me full on the mouth before finally glaring defiantly at gregor who seemed to have gone mad , not knowing what to do about the whole thing .
` ` for one thing , do you have anything on you that came from the hunters ' headquarters ? ''
it was one thing i did n't know how to find the answers to .
` ` sam , one more thing ... see to it that my father is released and escorted to my sister 's chambers .
he was sitting at the head of the table and there seemed to be many things he was n't comfortable about - primarily the fact that derek and i were sitting next to each other and ignoring our food as we acted like the teenagers that we were - or at least i was - fooling around and playing footsie , or rob making a face at us , or madeline giggling with delight at how sweet we were .
it was one thing to battle against something tangible , something you saw and understood , but it was a whole other thing to contend with a powerful unknown .
i was so horrified by the whole thing , i was n't sure if it was just my imagination when i heard a knock on the door .
as i ran off to what felt like absolute death , i forgot to do the most important thing : kiss my fiancee and assure her that everything was going to be alright .
do you have any idea what would have happened if derek got any idea how to ... '' he cut his sentence off , hating even the mention of the one thing that could end him .
he was quiet about the whole thing , not once letting me know how he felt about me marrying derek novak , while we were still so unsure that the cure would work .
holding her at that time , i actually felt like backing out of the whole thing , but also knew that was n't an option .
in the rush of your discussion , you ignore one key thing .
one thing , however , was clear .
none of us understood what was going on with arron , and why he would bail like that when he seemed so adamant that the portals not be opened , but one thing was for certain : in the world we were entangled in , we could n't trust what we did not understand .
` ` one thing you would do well to learn sooner rather than later is that we elders are not the most patient of creatures , '' he said , tightening his grip on my arm .
just as i was bracing myself , my arms hit something and the next thing i knew , i was hanging from another metal pipe .
i 'd taken him to the tavern , one of the safest places existing in these parts , introduced him to elizabeth , arranged for a roof over his head , and still he 'd managed to wreck things in less than twelve hours after i 'd left him .
we lived together while we studied , and modesty soon became a thing of the past .
i should be working , but my mind is trained on one thing .
but tell me one thing ... '' he dramatically pauses for effect , then , ` ` ... how big is his wang ? ''
next thing i know , i ' m in his bed . ''
i will tell you one thing , so listen carefully and heed my warning : things are not always as they seem .
there is one thing i feel i need to do to prove this sudden epiphany .
but though serena really wanted to end the day on this high note , she still had one more thing to deal with .
there was this bee and i was about to throw the frisbee and the next thing i knew it was flying in the wrong direction . ''
the next thing she knew , he was tugging her down to lie next to him on the grass ... and he did n't let her hand go the entire time that they lay watching the puffy clouds transform from one shape to another in the slowly darkening sky .
the only thing that matters is that you feel good about what we 're doing . ''
or we could just forget about the whole thing , since i know it 's a crazy idea , and there are probably lots of other normal things we could do together . ''
but did n't he know that he should n't have one single thing to worry about right now on her behalf ?
because the truth is that i really am ready to ace this thing . ''
` ` i know this might seem crazy , '' he told her , ` ` but i keep thinking that if i let you go today , the next thing i know , you 'll be calling me from an airplane or a film set . ''
` ` i know they do n't , but there 's still the movie thing to deal with . ''
she hated hearing the excuse come out of her mouth , but for as fatalistic as all of this seemed , now that she 'd actually blown the very thing she needed to get right , serena was struck hard with a fierce need not to give up on everything that she 'd had to fight so hard for in the first place .
he said , and then the next thing she knew , he was lowering his mouth to hers .
being with him was so good it should have taken me hours to recover from each round , but before i could he 'd start in on me all over again , and the next thing i knew a week had passed and i 'd barely done anything but ford the whole time . ''
kids were yet another thing she and ford had n't talked about during their week together .
if anyone finds out what happened between us , it will become a whole huge thing .
but mia had already vowed not to let him win one more thing where she was concerned .
love was the only thing that mattered , and the i do 's would happen in their own good time .
life for people with their kinds of careers was great in lots of ways , of course , but could be difficult , too , when simple things like going out to get a cup of coffee could be a trial .
every time she tried to take things to a lighter place , he made sure she knew just how serious he was about wanting to be with her .
plus , it was one thing when he was coming at her with straight - ahead seduction in mind .
` ` one thing i should probably mention , '' he said just she was about to open the cab door in front of the museum , which was a block from each of the properties in either direction , ` ` there 's going to be a small film crew with us this afternoon . ''
her fingers were barely wrapped around the door handle again when he said , ` ` there 's one other thing i should probably mention . ''
the last thing she wanted ford to think was that she pitied him in any way .
no one would ever call the sullivans ' big christmas tree a showpiece or anything close to elegant , with its jumble of mismatched decorations ... but mary would never change a thing about it , even though her kids were all grown now .
` ` a decade is a long time to work on one thing , '' she said softly .
she almost sighed out loud at how sweet and cute and sexy it was that his brain worked so fast he could hardly keep on top of normal , everyday things like shaving .
he backed her up into one of the tables , and the next thing she knew , he 'd lifted her up onto it so that she could wrap her legs around his waist .
truthfully , '' he added as he tugged her into his arms , ` ` the only thing i ' m wondering is how long it will take to get back home and get you into bed . ''
` ` i ' ve just realized true love is about one more thing , '' brooke told him .
that was what they 'd focus on tonight - the only thing that mattered .
he 'd stripped her clothes from her before , in the locked linen closet , but tonight it all felt brand new , as if last night had only been a dress rehearsal for the real thing .
after thanking his colleague for doing excellent work , there was one more thing rafe needed to take care of .
the last thing he needed to do was to make things easy for her .
the next thing she knew it was pushing between her legs and lifting her up off the ground .
she might have forgiven him for being a total jerk out there with the pigs , but it still smarted that he 'd immediately jumped to conclusions and treated her as if she were a few brain cells short of a full set and could n't even manage her way around the simplest thing .
but he was very much afraid that if he did , he would rip the new hat from her head and chuck it into the street , because the last thing he needed was for her to become even more irresistible .
and she knew that was the most important thing right now .
not one goddamned thing . ''
and , of course , there was the wonderful sex they had every night when the animals were finally taken care of and the only thing the two of them needed to focus on until sunrise was each other .
the last thing she needed to be worrying about was whether or not her sister was getting along with her all - powerful co - star .
` ` is it fair that i ca n't stop thinking about you for one second when i ' m working on the biggest film of my life and should n't be thinking about another goddamned thing ? ''
not when winning valentina 's heart was the only thing that mattered anymore .
until smith had come into her life and everything she 'd believed , everything she 'd been so damn sure about , had twisted and turned and flipped around until the only thing she knew anymore was how much she wanted him , how much she enjoyed being with him , how much she needed him .
the how s did n't really matter , though , not when the only thing that mattered was that they leave .
but it was one thing to let her inner sensual self out in the privacy of his bedroom ... it was another entirely to let the rest of the world see it .
but it was n't until he pressed a soft kiss to her mouth and began to step away from her that she realized the only thing he 'd been concerned with was helping her , not taking his own pleasure , too .
but tonight the only thing that mattered was vicki .
unable to shake the feeling that he and vicki had left things in a strange place at breakfast , ryan decided to drop by her studio to see her and her project before going to the stadium for a pregame workout .
but at the end of the day , the most important thing to her is that she 's proud of her work .
` ` one more thing , '' he told her before they left the batting cage .
why not one more thing ?
the most important thing was that she put an end to their connection .
she actually found herself wishing he would stick to his original game , and be the charmer with only one thing on his mind .
he could n't believe the whole thing was up to the puppy .
even though she silently agreed with lori on the whole love thing , heather was amazed that sophie did n't look the least bit insulted .
thank god , the next thing she knew he was shifting on the bed to reach for another condom .
showing up with zach at his brother 's house first thing in the morning was akin to wearing a t - shirt that said , yes , we 're sleeping together .
she heard him kick open a door and the next thing she knew he was lowering her onto a soft velvet bed covering .
kids were n't supposed to have ever been in the cards for him , but since he was just starting to realize that he was n't in control of nearly as much as he liked to think he was , one thing was for sure .
then again , at least it helped her remember that the only thing he was really interested in was the baby .
` ` it 's been a perfect day so far , '' she whispered into his ear just as her tongue licked out against his earlobe , ` ` except for one thing . ''
` ` you keep wanting to hold on to this week thing , but after yesterday , after this morning , you know as well i do that things are different between us now . ''
and yet , even as he made his way up her body , he continued to keep his promise not to rush a thing .
but that was n't the only thing she could n't lie to herself about .
it was another thing entirely to keep it up around summer .
she was waiting for him to discount what she 'd said , to go back to his whole quantifiable math and science thing .
the next thing you know , the headline will be that you could n't hack it , that you were too different from the start .
` ` just a casual thing that 's run its course . ''
after filling a plastic bag with ice , he wrapped the whole thing up in a clean , soft kitchen towel .
except , as her body reminded her , for one thing .
but the whole honor thing was still bothering him , a feeling that he should have had more control , that he should have waited until she was even more ready for everything he wanted to give her ... when more than just her body wanted to be with him .
her voice was husky , and almost enough to have him forgetting about the whole thing and just diving in there to pull her down over him again .
one thing i do know is that buying that stallion is another example of your inability to think things through or see financial realities . ''
the last thing she needed to be burdened with as she headed into the ring was his problems , but he found it hard to keep things from her .
` ` there 's only one other thing , '' devlin said , falling to his knees .
as she gave things time to settle , she eyed her clothes on the orange plastic chair across the way .
things were hardly home sweet home : there was a branch down in the scrubby hedge that ran under the bay window .
man , ordinarily matthias would have called bullshit on the whole thing .
file the whole thing under ` ` meh . ''
` ` about the childe thing ?
for one thing , she did n't believe people could see into the future , and that meant if he took off , it was of his own free will - and that decision could be unmade at any time .
shit 's already stacked against us , and if you 're filtering , that 's one more thing i got ta frickin ' worry about . ''
he appreciated the fact that she was being sensitive about the whole scar thing .
next thing he knew , he was staring at sissy 's face , that beautiful , smart , young face .
she smoothed the table again , running her palm over the place where her father had taken care of things his way .
there was just one more thing ... . ` ` is jim like you , '' he demanded .
rubbing the back of his neck , he contemplated calling the whole thing off .
red accessories were one thing .
the whole goddamn thing .
he 'd lost his heart years ago - and he would n't change a thing about that .
but that was also not a news flash - and another thing that was none of his business .
yup , this layout thing was a critical part of her process , she thought .
the only thing on her mind had been seeing her family .
he poured himself some before things had finished brewing , and he drank the first dose at the window , staring out at the farmland that surrounded the place he rented .
man , he did n't like the whole thing .
not interested , honey - although he did n't think it was a sexual thing .
like maybe that whole arm / waist thing ?
as they approached the f-150 , he wanted to help her with her door , but she got there first and took care of herself , shutting things up , yanking her seat belt into place .
` ` look , how about we take this one thing at a time .
at least he and his boss could agree on one thing tonight .
the only thing she cared about was getting his mouth on her without any barriers- ` ` fuuuuck , '' he said deeply .
he went to get up , and remembered the whole naked thing .
` ` yeah , we 're studying shadow , light sourcing , that kind of thing . ''
quick , soft , but the kind of thing that left no room to question where he wanted things to go : friendship was not it .
the compulsive need to perform an extensive review of her collection , the whole thing , was trembling on the edge of her consciousness , about to become an earthquake that took over every thought or feeling or priority .
the next thing he washed was his face , his neck , his chest .
tugging things back into place , she met the eyes of the angel .
man , the last thing he wanted to hear was that there was more trouble at school .
` ` there 's another thing i ' ve been wondering .
the answer to that question was the only thing that mattered tonight .
chapter forty - four as cait looked up at duke , she was astounded at how still he had become , as if her answer was the only thing in the world that mattered to him .
parting her thighs , she welcomed him in close , and this time they both went for the drawer , making sure that a condom was in place before things got too far .
` ` that 's another thing i ' ve been thinking about .
the last thing she wanted to do was make him feel like he was an afterthought .
but she was clear on one thing .
ironically , the whole virginity thing was the reason the demon had taken her , the very thing that had set the wheels in motion and landed her here : just a couple of miles away from her family but separated by a divide so great she might as well have been on another planet .
for one thing , he could make entreaties directly to the maker , so sending up wishes or hopes upon the air was not necessary .
and before he knew it , instead of heading downstairs and seeing what he could do to help with that forty - pound book , his palm was in fact getting into the swing of things .
the good news was that the prospect of putting the twin sparklies in with the rest of her collection was a great de - stresser - except she had to check one more thing first .
going by the way she ducked her eyes and kept checking the doorway to see if her man was coming down , ad decided that the virginity thing had definitely been dispatched .
there was just one thing she had to do first : she had to deal with what she 'd done to her collections .
` ` in an effort to more fully engage the savior , i- '' colin cut in , ` ` i think we can all agree that given the dire state of the war , the only thing that matters is where one goes from here . ''
` ` sustenance is the last thing of interest to me now . ''
she watched the whole thing , his hips rolling and then pumping , his lower abdominals curling and releasing .
his hands were slow and thorough , and she wished she were lying down so that the only thing she had to concentrate on was the way he caressed her , lingering over her neck and her collarbones , her breasts and her stomach , her thighs and her backside .
this was the kind of thing she wanted to settle on her own .
all things being equal , he looked like a thief who had broken in and was prepared to trash the place on the hunt for sterling silver , jewelry , and portable electronics .
he was making good paper dealing in caldwell ; he was two months out of prison for those murders he 'd done as a juvie ; the last thing he was interested in was hanging with some white bitch determined to get street cred through vocabulary .
one thing - when you recover the vehicle ? ''
the thing was , qhuinn felt like he wanted to explain things .
the road had been plowed earlier , but that was a much - earlier kind of thing .
just get the f**k off the seat and walk out before qhuinn moved to the next thing and his cover was blown .
` ` just a little farther , baby - just a little more , come on , baby girl , you can do it ... . '' as an endless stream of murmured encouragement left his lips , the impotent words were drowned out by the only thing that mattered - but come on , like the cessna spoke english ... ?
the last thing he was interested in was explaining exactly why the chosen could not be used as a blood source .
there was only one thing that was getting on his nerves .
as he stayed silent , however , he was reminded that there was , in fact , one thing he had never broached with them .
one very big thing ... ` ` blay ?
not one f**king thing about this .
` ` the miscarriage is n't the only thing i ' m worried about . ''
propping open the screen door with its curlicue metalwork , she buttressed the thing with her hip , let herself in with a key , and closed things back up .
that he was very clear on - it was one thing to jerk off in secret , and that was bad enough .
qhuinn cared about one and only one thing .
the last thing he was interested in was a rehash of all the reasons he had to participate in the social and political standstill that was the council .
` ` oh , and one last thing .
` ` ... and one last thing .
hell , if he were into that kind of thing , he 'd have busted out the coffin nails , too .
` ` you do n't worry about a damn thing - no one 's getting anywhere near you . ''
but that was another thing he kept to himself .
next thing he knew , he was in the corridor in front of the weight room , but exercise was n't what he was looking for .
and he sure as hell was n't bringing up the blay thing .
for one thing , his brother was still a virgin - or at least , that had been qhuinn 's understanding : the glymera were far more restrictive about what females could do before mating , and certainly if luchas had banged a female casually , it would have been tolerated as long as he did n't hook up with her long - term .
the largesse of jewels had been the last thing on her mind as he had lifted her hood , but now her eyes widened at the display of wealth .
you do n't worry about a goddamn thing .
the only thing he cared about was how long it would take to get her clothes back on .
trez started smiling , and it was a good thing she was ducking his eyes or she would have gotten a whole lot of his pearly whites .
one thing was sure : he never thought in a million years he 'd ever owe that coldhearted executioner a solid .
next thing to work on ?
` ` there 's just one other thing . ''
he did n't bother to arrange angles or do anything sequentially - the only thing he cared about was that the focus and the lighting were good and that he did n't move- the rumbling of doors opening directly behind him had him spinning around .
the cool marble barely registered as the forest fire under her skin shifted into a driving urge , an overwhelming sexual need that required one and only one thing .
` ` there 's one other thing . ''
as she worked at him , his smooth skin slid over ropes of tension , but that was the only thing that seemed to be accomplished .
and yet the only thing on her mind was the man standing behind her .
he did n't have a thing to hide in front of his family and nothing was going to make this any easier to hear .
and that was where things were headed with him ... as her brain twisted in her skull , she took a sip of coffee , burned her lip , and in her frustration , decided there simply was n't enough sugar in with her caffeine .
right now , the most important thing was not the throne .
he 'd gotten texts from all three of them - and the good news was at least they did n't seem to regret a damn thing : each one of them asked if they could see the executioner again .
instead , the only thing on his mind was worry over where his female was whether she had in fact made it down to miami in one piece with that grandmother of hers .
as if to help the whole cognition thing , the man made a little circle in front of his own throat .
but there was one thing that was abruptly crystal f**king clear .
as wrath started working the whole thing through in his head , he was a little freaked out .
` ` i ... have a thing .
` ` i ' m a little out of practice with this whole thing . ''
there was so much to think about , but after what we 'd just been through - twice - the only thing i could focus on was what trenton had said .
the only thing we had to talk about was the weather .
` ` right now , the most important thing is your dad .
you know danvers wo n't let a little thing like an explosion stop this project . ''
one thing at a time , okay ? ''
it 's kind of your thing . ''
that 's not the only thing they 'd thrown out of alignment , he thought , shifting to hide the sudden bulge in his tux pants .
` ` this sort of thing should n't be discussed in the open .
` ` but now that i am , the only thing that matters is getting myka back .
getting to finn was the only thing that mattered right now .
that was the most important thing .
staying on her game was the only thing that mattered right now because , if she failed , she 'd never get the chance to see finn again .
she did n't have time for that sort of thing right now .
but i am the commander of this ship and the safety of my crew is the most important thing , even beyond your mission . ''
or was fighting samil the only thing she should focus on right now ?
first thing 's first : finding viktis .
her whole body tensed , but there was only one thing on her mind right now .
` ` one last thing to take care of . ''
i would n't change a thing about you and i damn well would n't do things differently .
he tightened his grip , pulling her tighter against him as he answered in a possessive tone , ` ` it 's a good thing you did n't or i would have had to commit fratricide .
the only thing on my mind was making sure that riley did n't make it all the way out to me .
` ` i was sle ... i mean , i was thinking happy thoughts about our babies and next thing i know someone is screaming like they are being murdered .
i was so caught up in the magic of the moment that the next thing i knew the priest was saying , you may kiss the beautiful bride and then zane 's lips were on mine , tasting as sweet as honey .
` ` it 's a girl thing . ''
` ` you look too beautiful for first thing in the morning . ''
` ` you certainly know how to make a girl happy first thing in the morning .
the next thing i knew his c**k was sliding in between my legs .
` ` and the last thing i knew we both live in south carolina as well .
and the sex thing ?
` ` there 's just one last thing . ''
` ` i think the more important thing is what are you thinking about ? ''
this just does n't seem like the sort of thing we should get involved with . ''
and then i saw the blood seeping out of his body onto the ground and the next thing i knew , i had fainted .
i guess maybe he was serious about this mit thing .
` ` we 'll work it out , but one thing i ask , luke , is please never lie to me . ''
he watched me with caged eyes and , as i waved at him , i realized that he had been right about one thing .
` ` it 's a good thing i ' m not a lady then , is n't it . ''
the next thing i knew i was lowering myself to the ground and spreading my legs , my finger rubbing myself gently .
she was like a guy like that , always wanting something or someone badly and then letting some small thing distract or annoy her and forgetting about it .
right now the only thing i could think about was how i was going to survive the next month .
but daxton was wrong ; benjy was the one thing in my life worth holding on to .
` ` that 's not the only thing we have to worry about , '' he muttered .
looking up at my unannounced entrance , he set down whatever new thing he was working on .
apparently dating me had been the last thing on his mind .
her illness was the last thing i wanted to talk about .
she did n't have the energy to waste on this sort of thing , but when my mother set her mind to something , there was no talking her out of it .
she pushed it open , and i stepped inside , focusing on the only thing worth looking at : a small wooden table with a matching chair on either end .
` ` one thing , '' said ella .
or think about the whole thing too much .
this was supposed to be a big deal ; i was supposed to feel upset or dirty , or at the very least confused about what to feel about the whole thing .
` ` he 's very touchy about that sort of thing .
getting angry about every little thing was n't going to help .
i said , even though she was the last thing i wanted to talk about .
that was the last thing i was concerned about , but when henry offered me his arm , i took it .
` ` i ' m sorry , but this is n't my thing .
and if he really did believe that james and i had become involved during our trip to greece , then that was the f irst thing i 'd have to set right the moment i had a chance .
ingrid was the only other thing henry and i fought about .
as comforting as her reassurance should ' ve been , she was forgetting one thing .
it 's not a big thing .
the only thing that mattered was figuring out what in the world she was going to do now .
` ` that does seem like an important thing to consider when sharing a room with a gigolo . ''
one thing that she did know for certain - if she did survive this day , she was buying new towels .
the last thing he wanted was to have to stop again .
` ` does your decision hinge on any one thing ? ''
` ` well , i do n't want to conference with you about every little thing . ''
` ` one more thing , '' he said .
ever since he 'd seen madison in that dress , he 'd been interested in only one thing .
but drawing was the only thing that kept her from thinking too much about tye and whether or not he 'd be going to prison -- or facing an even worse punishment .
grabbing a fistful of holly 's long hair , she kept hold , focusing on only one thing , even as the darkness overcame her .
` ` i ' ve just ... had trouble finding the right person to help me with the same kind of thing , '' she said , but she did n't really need anyone to cook or clean .
russ was the only thing they ever argued about .
the only thing that mattered was what she 'd find once she reached dundee .
clearly brent was preoccupied with the same thing .
he knew that if she was here that was the first thing she 'd clean .
time served was one thing ; the experiences virgil would never forget and how they 'd shape his future was another .
that 's the most important thing , the one thing we ca n't lose sight of . ''
he had only one thing on his mind - verbally destroying his soon - to - be ex - wife .
for one thing , family and friends had to call ahead , set up an appointment and get clearance , which made it a hassle .
` ` wait , there 's one more thing ... '' ` ` nothing matters more than you taking it easy . ''
she had n't even told him john hutchinson had information on the judge 's murder and that , provided he 'd talk , the whole thing might not have been a complete waste , and yet he was shrugging it off ?
right now the most pressing thing on her mind was seeing virgil again .
if that was the only thing i had to consider , i would n't think twice . ''
` ` the law helps with that sort of thing these days , does it ? ''
` ` then it 's a good thing you did n't try .
` ` first thing ?
she could get high and forget the whole damn thing .
it was well - maintained , but he had n't changed a single thing since he moved in three years ago and neither had the people who 'd owned it before him .
but there was one thing claire had left out .
the next thing i knew i found myself beneath your coverlet and you were there ... . '' ` ` touching you . ''
` ` there is one thing that would please me more . ''
` ` one thing ... what happens when the price of coal goes down ?
` ` and mrs . cutberth was in on the whole thing ? ''
he 's scrupulous about that sort of thing .
it was the only thing that convinced her that this moment in his arms might be real , that the earl was with her again , after all .
this whole thing stinks , sophia .
he 'd told himself he would never have another thing to do with sophia .
` ` there 's one more thing ... . '' ` ` what is it ? ''
the last thing he wanted was to be thinking of sophia the whole time he was trying to talk himself into loving the person he 'd chosen to pursue .
it was the first thing today that had .
christmas was the last thing he was worried about .
for one thing , sophia would lose her job if she and ted broke up , and that could happen well before she was capable of getting anything else .
only one thing was certain : no one would come out of it unscathed .
maybe she would ' ve remembered if he 'd been the only thing on her mind .
he works from home , building websites , optimizing , that sort of thing , but ... he struggles to get by . ''
but the next thing he knew , baxter was pushing him up against the wall and kissing him with as much passion as lisa had .
she obviously thought she 'd overcome all objections , but levi had reason to be worried about one more thing .
` ` you say that like it 's a minor thing , '' he said with another laugh .
next thing i knew , rifle was trying to drag me from my bed . ''
but by the time she heard the shower stop , she 'd just about talked herself into calling off the whole thing .
that was a small thing compared to her overall safety , but the way their time together had ended contributed to his sense of unease .
` ` i need to warn you about one other thing . ''
they 'd discussed this type of thing before .
it was the one thing that made her uncomfortable , the one thing that threatened to ruin her enjoyment .
it was the one thing that made her uncomfortable , the one thing that threatened to ruin her enjoyment .
there was just one more thing that concerned her ... . ` ` you did n't call the police or anything , did you ? ''
they were getting too old to care about that sort of thing , but catering to christmas was probably a habit by now , seeing as he was the only santa they 'd had for the past fifteen years .
the only thing that mattered was that this woman welcomed his kiss , his touch , his imperfect heart .
the only thing that mattered right now was procuring a commitment to the no - sex rule , just as she had with the no - alcohol rule , so they 'd both be going into this with the same expectations .
` ` there 's just one more thing , '' she said .
the important thing is that it did n't happen and i never said it did . ''
the last thing he needed was for his new wife to become regretful or act as if she wanted to break up with him on account of an old crush .
` ` so of course you out him first thing . ''
but he had to handle one thing at a time .
not the whole thing .
he was n't thinking as clearly as usual , but he was clear about one thing .
` ` skiing is no longer the most important thing to me , '' he said .
` ` some men are good at more than one thing . ''
` ` there was one more thing . ''
that way , if ray ever told a soul about their private indulgences , barker would take the confession to the police and blame the whole thing on him .
you 'd better solve the damn thing and do it fast , or we 'll both be out of a job . ''
besides , i make it a point not to worry about that sort of thing .
but i ' m concerned about one thing . ''
i ' m not interested in anything but the real thing .
` ` there 's one thing that sort of bothers me . ''
she 's the one thing we ca n't discuss , not without getting into a fight , which is why i decided to put my thoughts in a letter . )
one thing at a time ... . ` ` without you , there would n't have been any charges , '' he said .
one thing was obvious , however .
in a world where everything else seemed distorted , he finally understood the one thing that mattered .
but the next thing he knew , he had her in his arms and could n't let go because she was clinging to him and sobbing quietly into his shoulder .
` ` then it 's a good thing you found her when you did . ''
the beating had impaired her motor skills , which gave her one more thing to worry about .
they were probably right about one thing .
` ` the next thing i knew , he was carrying me through the woods .
` ` the male ego is a sensitive thing . ''
i ' ve never been quick with that sort of thing .
not one thing in the room looked as if it 'd belonged to a woman or child .
` ` you seem to know a lot about this sort of thing . ''
` ` there are tests for that sort of thing . ''
because much of his food came from the swamp and not the small market where he purchased staples like flour and sugar , he had to take care of a few things before the day ended .
she did n't know if romain felt the same way about her that she did about him , but it was a lost cause to pretend he was n't the most important thing in the world to her .
` ` one more thing , '' she said .
` ` she did n't think the incident was associated with you and i ' m sure she did n't want to add one more thing to your list of worries , not with burke getting out today . ''
next thing i know , reenie comes around the corner and , bam , we collide . ''
but it bothered him that celeste persisted in being so understanding about the whole thing .
he tried to keep that sort of thing quiet so he would n't stir up trouble .
` ` dating is probably the last thing on his mind .
the whole track thing was , according to him , ` ` simply an attempt to be well - rounded . ''
` ` oh , yeah , '' he said as if it was n't any big thing .
` ` that was no small thing .
but nothing had been resolved in that area , so he said , ` ` first things first , '' and simply hoped rebecca would come through .
and , although katie knew it was n't a conscious thing , booker 's chocolate - colored eyes carried the promise of knowing how to please a woman .
mike had solved the one thing she 'd been worried about - that her past might someday come back to haunt her , and possibly hurt booker and troy .
next thing we know , she 'll be trying to camouflage the commode . ''
but his preoccupation with rebecca was just an ego thing , he assured himself .
if you ask me , the only thing that 's changed is josh 's haircut . ''
because she came off as rather unconcerned about domestic things , he 'd assumed her place would be messy .
could you tell him i had to go to my old place to finish up a few things ? ''
he usually took things easier on sunday , but he 'd already been working for six hours , trying to get the place ready for the mares that would start arriving in november .
` ` maybe we should just forget the whole thing , '' she said , glancing up in time to see booker 's eyebrows shoot up .
after the terrible weekend he 'd spent , he had n't been able to concentrate on a damn thing all morning , had n't been able to muddle through half of what he needed to get done .
` ` it 's a good thing we 're not in vegas , '' she grumbled .
maybe he 'd get drunk and forget the whole thing .
but that gave him one less thing to feel guilty about .
she feared adriana would pump her for information about jonah , and she did n't want him overhearing the whole thing .
and because physical gratification should ' ve been the last thing that mattered to him , considering the gravity of the situation , he was more than a little irritated with himself .
as sole owner of department 6 , milt could n't seem to focus on any one thing longer than five minutes .
this was the one thing bruce could ' ve brought that rod would n't be angry about .
fedorko had been worried about the same thing .
` ` one more thing , chief . ''
arguing about the same old thing would n't change the past .
instead , he 'd gone straight for the one thing he should ' ve left alone .
except for one thing . ''
anyway , i wanted to see if his guns were here , that sort of thing . ''
the only thing that mattered was that bart had come to take care of him .
department 6 had someone on staff who took care of that sort of thing .
he 'd looked for it first thing .
the only thing that mattered now was getting to the grocery store before martha could disappear - possibly forever .
people do n't really do that sort of thing anymore .
` ` it does n't have to be some big profound thing , '' she told me .
they made a big thing of it , got dressed up and everything , hopped in her dad 's mercedes and made the drive .
` ` oh , and one other thing , '' haley said .
unbelievably , it was the least embarrassing thing in the room .
the spices zing my taste buds without overwhelming them - a dusting of powdered sugar counteracts the fresh ginger - and the whole thing is warm and wonderful and tastes like christmas used to feel .
but for one thing .
we spend our nights in liplocks , sweet and earnest , while fumbling sublimely around things less innocent .
she was the only thing he ever wanted to talk about .
i like it even better than the real thing .
` ` that 's ... the other thing i got permission to call you about . ''
i ' ve never shown the whole thing to anyone before .
it 's the only thing on my mind .
the papers take up the entire thing .
the word survival made me think of death , and the last thing i wanted to be preoccupied with was my own mortality right now .
i did know that david was rich , but his money had been the last thing on my mind when i met him .
` ` there 's one more thing , bianca . ''
` ` the most important thing is that dear lila 's all right . ''
if i was gone , that was one less thing for knox to worry about , too .
` ` the only thing i care about is mercer not killing you . ''
but even amidst the dizzying horror swirling in my mind , one thing became crystal clear : they had no idea knox was one of the leaders of the blackcoats .
the only thing that really matters in the end is how we choose to live .
report to me all that you learn , no matter how small a thing it may seem .
that is no small thing .
he may claim such lofty ideals , but it is another thing altogether to see with one 's own eyes what marks such parentage leaves behind .
that was a near thing .
still , it is a close thing , as i run into jamette on my way back to the hall .
` ` it is a good thing we do not have to eat only what we catch , '' i tease her .
one thing at a time , i remind myself , then slip silently out of my hiding place .
like a scavenger eager to pick over carrion , my reeling mind keeps returning to the one thing i do not want to think about .
annoyed that he would notice such a thing , i merely arch a brow at him .
a feral , gamy tang fills my nostrils , and my heart catches in my throat , for by the sound of it , it is a huge thing .
it is perhaps the only thing i am not ashamed of right now .
` ` one more thing , father , and then i will leave you to your duties .
` ` that sort of thing has not come up in a very , very long time , but when it has happened in the past , a convocation of the nine was called to preside over and judge such things . ''
it is too much , too huge a thing to wrap my mind around .
the rest of the council meeting turns into a planning session , for it is no small thing to work one 's way into the heart of fifteen thousand french troops , locate their king , then shoot him with an arrow .
the only thing that has changed is that you will be going , and i am not certain if i can bear it if you do n't return . ''
it was georgie 's thing .
` ` it 's the principle of the thing , '' she said .
` ` it 's just - one more thing . ''
` ` okay , one more thing . ''
no more ' one more thing 's . ' ''
mom started in on me first thing .
i tried to figure the damn thing out , but christ it was confusing .
damn , i had n't wanted her to find out until we were leaving ; this was one more thing that she did n't need to worry about .
i think in a way cc knew that she was aware , but it was a family thing and , although hailey is practically family , it was n't her right to say anything .
ms . thing here , '' she looked in my direction , ` ` is ruining everything .
i was sitting on the toilet and next thing i know it was running down my legs . ''
as he takes another step closer i suck in a breath and ready myself to call off this whole thing .
i ' ve been able to grant all her wishes for a perfect wedding but this is one thing i have no control over .
cooper inhales and the next thing i know we fall to the bed and i ' m pinned under him .
hailey did n't really seem to care in the least , probably one less thing for her to worry about .
the only thing that ever mattered to me was baseball .
i hope to god this girl is a quick dresser , i ' m not really into that sort of thing .
chest to chest , stomach to stomach , legs to legs , the only thing separating us is the water bottle that 's between our bodies .
next thing i know the covers are being ripped away from me .
i ' m here all weekend and i want to enjoy my stay so i say the only thing i can think of to keep things light .
a sly grin comes across his face and the next thing i know i ' m wrapped in the wrong arms and carried out into the ocean .
since tanner and i have moved to myrtle beach to take over running club mango things are running smooth compared to some of the bumps in the road we had in the beginning .
cal smiled devilishly , and the next thing i knew , he had shaken off my hand and was ambling toward the front counter .i trapped a groan between my teeth and watched , peering between the two top shelves .
` ` oh , and one more thing , britt . ''
hunger pecked incessantly at my thoughts , until it was the only thing i could think about .
my current list of worldly cares had been whittled down to one thing : having fun , fun , fun in the hot california sun .
but then when i brought up the idea of , hey , maybe doing it outside of her house , she shut down the whole thing and said to me , ` ` none of this happened . ''
` ` it does n't have to be like this , '' she said , completely bored with the whole thing .
i was relieved to have the whole thing over with .
i clung to the hope that it was just a friend thing .
bringing the milk was merely one of the many constant mini - actions in her life , and to change the process would only make her think about it , thus making the whole thing much more complicated than it was .
frustrating , maddening , even , but in a place like this , it was impossible to calculate the odds with complete precision , as things had a way of shifting by the day .
` ` the spices were among your things .
dred proved that rack time was the last thing on her mind when she ordered him back to queensland guarding the air pallet while she stayed on to continue working .
the important thing was to assemble the personnel capable of pulling off the greatest trick in the history of the universe .
in a place like perdition , the little things got you through .
such a small thing , but that flicker of excitement carried me through a morning of calming fussy babies and all my afternoon classes .
he took it without hesitation , and i glanced at his dad , who seemed more nervous about the whole thing .
it was clear to me he did n't want to discuss that sort of thing with me .
it was no longer a private thing , though , because my roomies were home more .
a little growl escaped him as he squirted some lotion into his palm and went to work with his fist , showing me exactly how he handled things without me .
for now , the important thing was to finish .
it 's not a huge thing .
we 'll go over the whole thing with a finer grit paper later anyway . ''
` ` that was the first thing i ever made .
so let me make one thing superclear ... .
yeah , i was kind of a dick in the truck , but if he gave avery the silent treatment over every little thing , no wonder she thought he was cheating on her .
` ` actually , the whole thing was kind of fun .
when i had the chance , i 'd take some pictures of rob to spice things up .
` ` well , i think it 's sweet he 's taking things slow . ''
it was bizarre having to worry about this sort of thing .
i suspected that was n't all , but that was the last thing i wanted to think about .
he just got up and put the leaf in the table without being asked , quietly taking care of things like he always did .
` ` no ... you were right about one thing .
such a small thing , but lovely .
to my relief , he did n't make a big thing of it , letting me dash out and snag my backpack .
` ` if things get too awkward , you can crash at my place for a while .
james studied the couple , his mind seeming to shift , and i knew he was going to let the whole thing go and try to get the focus back to us and the sex he was hoping to have with me .
` ` i do n't think you can decide that kind of thing ahead of time , '' i pointed out .
it looked like they were going with the time - honored , male way of dealing with things by ignoring the entire thing .
it looked like they were going with the time - honored , male way of dealing with things by ignoring the entire thing .
i was used to it because my brother was covered in it and i had to admit that i liked the snowflakes that shaw had across her neck and shoulders , but it was n't my thing .
i whipped my hat off , because even though we were from two different branches , and i probably outranked him in the reality of things , there was just something about brite that demanded you show respect .
i guess he decided that my words were a challenge and not a warning because the next thing i knew , all his attention switched to that already damp and needy place between my legs .
things were cool , i thought we had a pretty good thing going even though it was pretty brief .
it 's a good thing you 're a fighter , brother .
he was intent on it , like whatever was happening between my mouth and his was somehow the only thing that mattered to him in the entire world right now .
things had progressed naturally ... one thing led to another , and we ended up in bed together .
oh , how things have changed around this place in the last few years .
i was waiting for her to call the whole thing off , anticipating it , when she surprised me yet again .
i turned around so my back was to her and she could see the entire thing .
it was a good thing i was tall or else i got the feeling he would have just dragged me along behind him .
i liked her - hell , way more than liked her - but this unknown , this chase , was just one more thing in my life that was heaping with complications .
` ` it 's a football thing .
normally it was hidden by my hair or whatever i was wearing for the day , but with this shirt , the entire thing was on display and it was no wonder he was looking at the ink like it was going to jump off my skin and wrap him in memories .
it 's gon na be hard for them to adjust to not having the other right around the corner for every little thing .
i said yes and then next thing i knew i was getting all kinds of offers to model - tattoo magazines , trade shows , conventions , and retro - clothing websites .
as close as we had gotten and as at ease as he seemed around me now , there was one thing that still set him off and still made me get buried under doubt and hesitation - poppy .
her words and her take on the whole thing were making me really uncomfortable .
i know the whole poppy thing is tricky and uncomfortable , but i think i have it figured out now .
the last thing i wanted to do was try and explain to bax why i was walking around with a black eye .
they both emitted a sound that was more animalistic than human , and the next thing i knew , the gun was lying on the bed next to me and they were trying to rip each other apart with their bare hands .
the next thing i knew there was a prick at the bend in my arm and an iv was inserted .
i heard nassir swear and say something about bax being an overly dramatic fool , and the next thing i knew , he was pulling me away from novak by my wrist as a shower of glass from the industrial skylights above us came showering down .
he half sank in , half let me pull him in , and the next thing i knew , we were sliding , moving , thrusting , and grinding all kinds of hot and heavy against the door to his office .
there 's another thing on the list of things i try not to think about .
there 's another thing on the list of things i try not to think about .
` ` my mom 's really intense about the religion thing , '' i said , ` ` but i ' m , um , totally not . ''
i was hoping someone from my class would be in there so we could joke around and make the whole research thing not so painful , even though most kids spend study hall in the auditorium where they let you talk .
the only thing that mattered was leaving that building as fast as i could .
( ` ` so i suppose it 's a good thing that we only have two of them in healy , '' alice observed with a laugh . )
he turned back to the road , and then the next thing i heard was the screech of the brakes .
` ` first thing , '' he says .
i thought the project was an off - the - books sort of thing . ''
this howe thing was personal to him .
there 's probably a homeowner 's association policy against that sort of thing , and really , i need to get to neil 's .
reading louis 's emails was the furthest thing from my mind last night , and i told him so .
tiny is the most important thing in my world .
` ` we 'll need to go through this routine several times so that we can account for variables like clothes , distance in the car , how many times we ' ve kissed before entry , that sort of thing . ''
but i do n't want the game of acquisition to be the only thing in my life . ''
i suspect that marcie will do quite a bit of their paperwork , but the important thing is that tiny does n't feel so disempowered anymore .
the last thing i want to do is see the disappointment in her eyes that i ' ve seen many times before , including when i kissed her .
this is the last thing i want to get in the middle of .
` ` it 's a good thing i ' m not one anymore , then , huh ? ''
i start to grow concerned that maybe my life dream of singing is going to be a behind - closed - doors sort of thing .
i imagine i lean forward to kiss her , but the next thing i know , i ' m opening my eyes to warm sunlight filtering through the bedroom .
` ` is this about the marriage thing ? ''
things used to be less complicated when something as simple as her scent did n't send my senses off into a mad frenzy .
helping ella is my thing , and i want it to be my thing for a very long time .
it 's the only thing i can focus on that does n't make my brain feel like it 's going to explode from the guilt .
yet i never told anyone the real reason and blamed in on the billy thing , being way overdramatic on purpose .
the problem is i ' ve known her for a little while which has led us to this little pre - murder chitchat , which has given me second thoughts about the whole damn thing .
` ` you know that 's never been my thing . ''
tristan , while nice for the most part , is also in as deep as quinton is , and the last thing i want to do is declare to him why i wanted - needed to come down here .
it 's not my thing anymore . ''
` ` there 's no way i can get that on , '' i say , trying to figure out a solution , but thinking too deeply about one thing gives me a headache .
` ` he does n't even see what he is right now and it sucks because i ' ve been in that place and i want to get him out of it , like i got out , yet i know that he 's got to be on the same page - realize things .
the next thing i knew , they were leaving together .
but at the same time i want to maintain a balanced high and not go completely crazy and lose my temper like that because the last thing i need to do is hurt someone .
focus on one thing at a time .
i shoot her a cold look from over my shoulder , knowing that the only thing that matters at the moment is getting her into the car .
such a big thing , but i barely remember stumbling out of the apartment in the middle of the night , while flames engulfed the building .
that 's actually another thing greg 's been pushing me to talk about .
i ' m cold , but i hardly notice because my thoughts are still centered on one thing that i know would make this whole moving thing easier .
` ` it 's not really my thing . ''
` ` but anyway , '' i say , smoothing my wind - kissed hair into place , ` ` i can barely focus on if i should go because i have so many things on my mind .
yes , landon did take a piece of my heart with him the day he died , but not the entire thing .
it 's such a small thing .
they 're both kind of my thing i guess .
the last thing i need is for word to get back to conner that i was hanging around at the golden element house because he 'll start assuming things just like he used to do all the damn time while we were married .
the whole habitat thing ? ''
` ` i really , really suck at this whole building thing . ''
these thoughts make the friend thing complicated because she 's made kissing completely forbidden .
one minute , he 's halfway across the bathroom near the sink , and the next thing i know , his lips are crushing mine .
things have remained friendly since her birthday , and i was under the impression the kissing and touching was a onetime thing .
things have remained friendly since her birthday , and i was under the impression the kissing and touching was a onetime thing .
` ` the important thing is you 're not doing that stuff anymore and that you 're clean now . ''
i don't - can't - fully agree with her about the fun thing .
this whole thing is such a mess .
one thing 's for certain , i sure as hell will , especially the part about preston .
in fact , it 's kind of my thing .
` ` what about this thing with your ...
sure i ' ve thought about messing around , taking my mind off stuff , but going through with it was too hard and always thinking of violet would put an end to it before things ever got too far .
i ' m being a pain in the ass , still uneasy about the whole thing .
the last thing on my mind right now is football .
the publicity of the entire thing has got the university involved and it was ' recommended ' by my school advisor that i talk to their counselor .
maybe it 's because i have one less thing to think about .
well , except the whole teaching thing .
it 's not a my thing , but about her .
he seemed amused by the girl , almost nonchalant about the whole thing , but his eyes promised , i like you a lot .
the last thing i wanted was to draw any more attention to my uncomfortably short skirt , the bright blue ribbon tied around my superhigh ponytail , and the fact that my current look was about as far from my trademarked antifashion combat boots as you could possibly imagine .
my roundhouse was not a thing to be taken lightly .
no matter which way i approached the situation , one thing was clear : there was somebody else in the room , and that was a very , very bad thing .
tara rolled her eyes , probably at the fact that i 'd gone from drama queen mode to downplaying the whole thing .
in any case , whatever i was going to be doing on this computer , chances were it was the kind of thing the administration tended to frown upon , and i did n't need a member of the faculty staring over my shoulder .
i guess she felt more strongly about this jack thing than i 'd realized .
if i had n't already decided to stick it to brooke 's mom and the whole damn system by solving this thing myself , reading these articles would have been enough to push me in that direction .
` ` there is one other little thing ... '' amelia looked me straight in the eye .
all things considered , it was probably the nicest thing chip had ever said to me .
in my head , the whole thing was n't laid out sequentially .
how was this whole thing even legal ?
all things considered , that was the nicest thing anyone had said to me all day .
i picked up the phone , but when i flipped it open , it turned out to be a text message , which was ( all things considered ) both a good thing and a bad thing .
and that was assuming that i could actually tear myself away from the code long enough to concentrate on the whole going - to - sleep thing .
` ` getting into peyton and bugging their offices is still important , but right now , the most important thing is stopping this transfer and containing the leak .
` ` it 's a family thing .
there was one other tiny thing .
like griffin , lake 's occasional need for space was n't exactly the kind of thing we discussed .
wilson had seen to that , and the last thing i wanted to do was spend any more time than i had to imagining what life would have been like for the kids in my pack , growing up under a psychopath 's thumb .
the world around me settled into slow motion , silence- and the next thing i knew , he was down .
that seemed like the kind of thing he should have mentioned in the first place .
in fact , the only thing surprising about this was that he 'd thought maddy might be the rabid in the first place .
one second i was at the base of the mountain , and the next thing i knew , i was at the mouth of the cave .
as dev 's wolf body collided with his brother 's , as the two of them fell to the ground and devon grappled for position , as his jaws closed around shay 's neck , the only thing in his mind was me .
there had been a time in my life when the last thing i wanted was the collective werewolf psyche taking up even a tiny corner of my brain , but a lot had changed since then .
i had to make a decision , but the only thing i could think about was callum , teaching me how to throw a knife .
compared to the werewolf version of courting - he bites her , she bites him , his connection to the pack spills over onto her for all eternity - the whole thing seemed artificial and insignificant .
he did , and slowly , the scent of foreign wolf receded , until the only thing in this room was us .
silently , i set my will against his , intent on having my way on this one thing .
this last thing .
one thing was certain : chase and i were outliers .
he focused on one thing and one thing alone .
and maybe that was easier to think about than the other thing .
it was the only thing she had no interest in .
it was a good thing that i 'd never ran out of things to talk about with stoshua .
` ` no , the other thing . ''
he was wrong about the other thing though .
the only thing that was n't discussed was my sister .
his face was going to be the last thing i saw .
noah was right about one thing , his last words becoming an echo as they sunk in .
it may have not been a huge thing to him , but after finding out he 'd cheated on me i 'd felt dirty and violated .
` ` i took care of that thing for you .
he retired , and i took on the whole thing .
before i even thought to wash off my dirt - filled hands , i was walking toward the stables with one thing on my mind .
the next thing i knew his chest was coming over my back , while his hands reached around , pinching at both of my ni**les .
the only thing i was still worried about was her changing her mind .
he groaned , ignoring my comment and focusing on one thing .
the last thing i wanted to have to talk about was finding the two people closest to me together .
i ' m all alone , and somehow this gig is the most important thing in my life .
my hunger for her increased , and as she moved her body ever so slowly over top of mine , it was obvious that only one thing could fulfill me .
he was right about one thing .
the next thing i knew the hard dresser was pressing into my ass cheeks .
another thing he had n't told me about that was going to get him a swift kick in the balls when i saw him .
his mother leaned down , and the next thing i knew he was turning in my direction , standing up and taking his first step toward me .
my family was the most important thing to me , and i felt like i wanted to hunt down that woman and beat her senseless for upsetting ty .
i was trying to relax and enjoy my time with family , but i noticed one thing and it was driving me crazy .
` ` i would n't change a thing if i could go back in time .
she 'll probably drop this whole thing as soon as you go home .
obviously , since things like that only entertained me , i ordered as if she 'd not heard a single thing i 'd said to my wife .
the next thing i knew , they were all over each other , displaying their attraction for everyone to see . ''
i think that she did n't expect me to have moved all of her things into my place , but that 's what i did .
with her recovery being the most important thing , we did n't discuss our relationship .
family was always the most important thing to me , so naturally he would think that this was a good thing .
maybe i had so much on my mind that focusing on one thing was the way i was trying to cope .
i 'd made my mind up about one thing , though .
this was not the kind of thing that i ever wanted my son to know about .
i finished the whole thing before sleep came again , and when it did , i kind of wished it had n't .
do you really think he 'd let noah around that kind of thing ? ''
it takes lives and i ' m not going to sugar coat things for you .
amy could be stubborn and this pregnancy was making her overemotional about every damn thing .
you think that was n't the first thing i thought about ?
i ai n't doin ' a thing for her . ''
i knew my belly was the first thing he saw .
` ` you probably ate the whole thing , too .
i ended up ordering a couple things , including a salad , before heading back to the room .
the thing was , i knew i needed to take things slow and get her to trust me .
if i had to do it all over again , i would n't have changed a thing if i knew i 'd get to see what i was seeing .
the only thing i had to worry about now was getting my things and making sure he did n't come after me .
i tried so hard to think it could be anything else , but i could n't think of a single thing that she would have to hide from me , unless she was sleeping with him .
maybe it was a southern thing , but we took it very serious .
` ` seriously , man , you know this is her thing . ''
the only thing ty cared more about than his own penis , was his family , including his hottie wife .
one thing caught my eye and i was shocked when i saw it .
miranda and i were both so exhausted from shopping that the last thing we wanted to do was walk around the lined rows of pine and spruce trees until our indecisive daughter made up her mind .
the next thing i saw were two ladies outfits .
next thing i know i ' m drinking some liquor and waking up naked in her bed .
is it some kind of family thing ? ''
her tongue took over my ability to think and within a few seconds of her hot kissing , i was only focused on one thing .
the room was filled with voices , but one thing i noticed was that conner was missing and so was amy .
as if that were the only thing i had to worry about , i still had no idea where the wedding service was taking place .
there was no sugar coating things .
i 'll admit that my intentions were only on one thing , but she never complained when i gave her the news .
my brow creased and i suddenly realized i had no reason to sugar coat things with this chick .
i wanted to tell him about my life and how happy i was , but there were no words to sugar coat things .
i was sure about only one thing tonight .
colt acted rough on the outside , but he had a big heart and his family was always the most important thing in his life .
that was one thing that neither of us brought up so far today , and part of me worried that he may have regretted it .
the next thing i knew colt 's lips found mine again .
now i love colt , but my son is the most important thing in my life .
i ' m not gon na sugar coat things .
the only thing that was pressing to me was my mother .
things were good at first working at both places and still managing my home life .
the last thing on my mind was starting up a new relationship , when i still was n't free and clear from my current one .
okay , for the record it was n't the last thing on my mind .
i was upset and the next thing i knew i was out in front of your house . ''
his attention was on one thing , and i was going to make damn sure it was something he 'd never forget .
i assumed they 'd been talking about things before i came into the room , because branch did n't seem shocked when brooks made his announcement .
the second thing you need to know is that i wanted to tell you when we were twelve and had shared our first kiss .
we 'd done everything together our whole lives and i was n't about to start changing things because he was out there defending our country .
arguing with him was only going to make my thing even more frustrating .
` ` just take nice even breaths and focus on one thing .
the only thing that was going through my mind was being with brooks and feeling all of the love that he had for me pouring through the both of us .
it was a good thing that i used a well reputable bank with locations in all fifty states , otherwise i would have been screwed .
` ` there 's one more thing .
bobby was going to take care of us and it was the most important thing to me .
it was one thing that we 'd never talked about .
sleep is the last thing that 's on my mind . ''
i think the first thing that needs to be addressed is my parents .
` ` we 're going to my parents , and before you say anything you need to understand that your safety is the most important thing to me .
the most important thing was b 's safety .
it was a good thing that brooks and walt came back when they did , because i 'd already run out of things to talk about with melissa .
there was only one thing on my mind .
` ` there 's just one more thing , kat . ''
the sight of her was memorized as i said my goodbyes and headed to the gym , where a workout was the last thing on my mind .
i closed my eyes to alleviate the burning and one thing popped into my mind as i felt myself starting to cum .
when she turned around , i knew exactly who she was and her age was the last thing on my mind .
i could n't explain the things were running through my mind , but i knew i had to get her out of my place so i could figure things out alone .
one thing was for sure , whatever was happening between us had to be figured out .
if i did , she 'd probably assume i 'd been lying about the whole thing .
there was just one thing that needed to be dealt with first .
when i walked out of my apartment i felt confidant that things were going to fall into place .
it was the one thing that he prided himself in keeping in the family . ''
my little brother , who i could n't imagine raising at first , had become the single most important thing in my life .
charlie was the most important thing in my life .
it 's the most important thing to me . ''
there was one thing that made me focus on something else other than my girls .
are you into that kind of thing ?
i know they are the most important thing .
ford i could n't have planned things out better than the way they were falling into place .
the next thing i knew , he was grabbing me by the hand and pulling me out of the place .
it was funny that we were both thinking about the same thing .
the next thing i knew , he was taking it and rubbing it over my heated sex .
what had started as a distraction was now the most important thing in my life .
she put the t in tidy and hated when things were an inch out of place , at home .
he irked me so much that i wanted to toss the whole thing toward him .
the most important thing to ford was family .
another thing i had n't considered was that my parents would expect me to get a place with ashley .
the last thing i wanted was to have to see the two of them swooning over each other .
the one thing i had n't considered was that they 'd already be in bed , with the doors locked .
let 's just find a place that we can share for now and we 'll figure things out later . ''
lacey school was the last thing on my mind and maybe i should have called sky to let her know that i would n't be there , because when she showed up at my house , she was freaking out .
` ` shayne , let 's be clear about one thing .
the stone streets and kind folk were welcoming , but one thing that i could n't help notice was the slew of beautiful women everywhere i looked .
i headed straight for the bar , having only one thing on my mind .
there was only one thing that i was thinking about .
with little sleep i woke up the next morning feeling terrible with only one thing on my mind .
i think the most important thing is that we 're there for peyton . ''
even after i 'd gotten halfway back to campus there was one thing on my mind .
` ` the only thing that 's over is this conversation .
the only thing we 'd have to worry about was finding the time to make more babies , because freya was going to need a brother or sister to play with very soon .
but there was one thing that was interesting - a photo in the very bottom .
yes , she was , which meant that this whole thing might actually be easier than i 'd thought .
but there was one more thing i was curious about .
professor metis and the other powers that were at the academy had tried to keep the whole jasmine thing quiet , but metis had told me that the valkyrie 's family had somehow found out about my involvement in her death- and they blamed me for it .
but the most important thing was the fact that the reaper was after me .
not one bloody thing . ''
so when we 're all together , my dad and nickamedes argue about every little thing .
but the thing that concerned me the most was logan .
` ` how many times are you going to go over that bloody thing ? ''
` ` the only thing that 's going to get messed up is your face , spartan .
but the thing that caught my eye was her right hand .
` ` i will not hear of any such thing . ''
` ` there is one more thing , '' linus said , picking up a couple of folders at the end of the table and handing one each to me , metis , and nickamedes .
but the really frustrating thing was that there was nothing i could do about any of those things - not until vivian , agrona , and the other reapers decided to strike .
if you have things your way , attitude will be the only thing i have left . ''
but one thing was for certain - this was n't over .
the next thing i knew she was stripping down to her bra and panties , swimming laps in the pool .
one thing that caught my attention was that freshman needed to live on campus , but after that they could live off campus .
his words were perfect , but one thing stuck out .
the next thing i know chris is asking questions on the other end of the call .
as tired as i was , my mind was fixed on one thing .
` ` almost , but i saved the whole thing .
` ` then it 's a good thing i have my zapper . ''
i 'd deal with the clothes thing in the morning .
his eyes are closed , as if kissing me right is the only thing that matters at the moment .
it 's a good thing we have the old refrigerator to protect us , or we 'd be splattered on the concrete like the snitch .
` ` on the bright side , it 's a good thing you know about accounting . ''
that 's the only thing i have going on of any importance . ''
i guessed this was a friend thing .
they do n't want that sort of thing here . ''
` ` i ' ve got a flight early and need to take care of one last thing before i leave . ''
the last thing i want is to call my friend and tell her i lost my bridesmaid dress , please !
but i still nod at riley , because he 's the only one i can talk to about the one thing that 's been plaguing my thoughts other than greyson king .
it 'll be fun for you , and one less thing for me to worry about .
next thing i know i ' m being shaken - rather violently - by the flight attendant , letting me know we ' ve arrived in new york .
i was drunk and had one thing on my mind and one thing only . ''
` ` we do n't know a lot about the long - term effects of the latest version of the formula that nightshade has cooked up but one thing has recently become clear .
we both know that good old uncle wilder would n't have blinked twice about a little thing like shading the facts for the record .
not when it comes to this kind of thing , she tried to say .
evidently the arcane society studies that sort of thing . ''
` ` it is n't a sexual thing , '' she said crisply .
the next thing i recall was hearing an explosion .
the next thing i know there 's this little old lady coming at me with an umbrella , a really fast old lady .
` ` you certainly do know a lot about this kind of thing . ''
` ` one more thing , '' january said , ignoring the threat .
amazing how a little thing like that can ruin an otherwise ideal relationship . ''
no such thing as a hundred percent with that kind of thing . ''
the next thing she knew his mouth was on the inside of her thigh .
the next thing i knew we were sitting in the back of the car , being driven home by one of wilder 's men . ''
one thing was certain , standing there at the end of the dock left her nowhere to run .
the next thing i know , the police chief will be knocking on my door wanting to see if i ' m alive .
one thing she had discovered in the past few months was that , although arizona had lived in eclipse bay for several years , no one seemed to recall exactly when she had moved into town and no one seemed to know where she had come from .
` ` i ' m starting to feel guilty about the glove thing , '' he said .
` ` one thing , '' she said .
` ` one thing before we leave here , '' she said softly .
right now the only thing that mattered was that she wanted him as much as he wanted her .
` ` the important thing is that there is no way this can be traced back to either of us .
` ` one more thing , '' luther said .
` ` well , for one thing , '' grace said , ` ` it tells us that she probably has had formal musical training .
` ` the important thing is that the woman has no way of knowing who you are .
` ` well , for one thing , there 's no way to know if an aura talent can actually extinguish another person 's energy field until he actually does it .
the only thing she did not understand was why the body had turned up in his los angeles residence .
oh , and there 's one more thing . ''
you said the important thing is that we do n't stand out in the crowd .
` ` never mind , it 's a woman thing . ''
` ` the only thing dr . hulsey cared about was being able to continue with his experiments .
the incident in the garage was the last thing she wanted to talk about tonight , she thought .
but one thing was certain .
` ` i do n't think that 's the only thing that 's bothering her , '' elizabeth replied .
` ` where , exactly , do you stand with the stone canyon police on this thing ? ''
` ` that 's not my thing .
` ` it all comes down to one thing .
` ` if you ask me , things are starting to fall into place .
that kind of thing came under the heading of family secrets .
` ` it 's the principle of the thing , damn it . ''
one more thing , if for any reason things turn nasty call a man named thomas walker .
one thing was certain , this situation was n't going to go away quietly .
` ` a family thing .
` ` just one thing before we change the subject . ''
it was just one more thing to jot down on the list of vital necessities that he intended to pick up at his place sometime today .
` ` one thing before you two take off . ''
and the next thing he knows alex rhodes tries to blackmail him . ''
` ` it was a one - time thing . ''
the important thing was that now , after weeks of shilly - shallying around with the subtle approach , he finally knew for certain that she was anything but indifferent to him .
` ` okay , obviously , i have my suspicions , but my talent is kind of dicey when it comes to this sort of thing . ''
the trick to dealing with him is to remember that the most important thing in his world is the future of dead of night .
the next thing i knew , i landed in the summerlight academy .
and it was n't like she was an expert in this sort of thing , she thought .
but the important thing is that word will get out around town that someone took a shot at you . ''
` ` it may be the most important thing to you , '' gwen said very politely .
` ` one more thing before you two take off . ''
` ` one thing 's for sure , abby is marrying into a real family .
she was out of her depth , as well , but she was very sure of one thing .
` ` one thing is certain , everything points to the demon being a resident of wilby .
next thing i know , he 's aiming the device at me .
next thing i know , you show up .
with my talent , i know i could go into this thing . ''
` ` i really do n't think this is the time or place to talk about that sort of thing . ''
` ` well , he 's right about one thing .
` ` i ' m sorry you feel that way , of course , but maybe you should consider one thing . ''
this sort of thing is always best handled by a third party , trust me . ''
the next thing she knew , the laughter was bubbling up out of her like champagne .
` ` one more thing before we meet with drake stone , '' she said .
here in vegas , you did n't let a little thing like the weather get in the way of the ambience .
it did n't cost me a damn thing in the first place , and you 're saving me the cost of having it carted away by the garbage company .
family 's got a talent for that kind of thing .
but keep one thing in mind : we were attracted to each other before we found the lamp . ''
it 's just the principle of the thing .
` ` arcane knows how to take care of that sort of thing . ''
if i can forget that i had a visitor last night , the next thing you know i 'll start forgetting the words to ' blue champagne . '
` ` well , for one thing , you 'll die without it .
` ` for the most part they laugh the whole thing off , naturally .
` ` the only thing i care about is whether or not you trust me .
` ` well , that 's one thing i do n't have to worry about , do i ? ''
` ` that 's one thing you do n't have to worry about .
` ` getting married was n't the only thing dad and i argued about last night . ''
she might not be rational about the whole thing . ''
it 's realizing that sex is n't everything , even though , at nineteen , it seems like the most important thing in the world .
to tell you the truth , things are a little tense over at my place .
but when he realizes how well you handled the whole thing , he 'll relax .
as far as he was concerned , the more he thought about the whole thing , the more it all did seem inevitable and right .
she knew brandon was only teasing , and the last thing she wanted to do was spoil the humor of the situation .
` ` it 's a good thing i ' ve got another kid on the way , '' colby said to diana , ` ` because brandon 's chances of surviving until next week are real shaky . ''
this job was not the most important thing in the world .
i know you think i ' ve got a thing about your working , but that 's not true .
one thing his background in construction had given him was a certain skill in taking care of the little things that a husband and father was always being called upon to do .
same place you used when you were running things out there at night .
counting to ten became the only thing in the universe that mattered .
the next thing i knew we were climbing a ledge behind the falls . ''
the next thing i knew , we were at the entrance to that cave .
trust me , seduction was the last thing on his mind . ''
` ` she obviously has a wonderful sense of intuition when it comes to that sort of thing . ''
` ` the total eclipse has its place in the grand scheme of things . ''
the only thing that mattered was getting her arms around rafe 's neck .
` ` i have n't got a single thing to go on here , jed .
one thing was certain , hannah thought as she waited for her eyes to adjust to the new level of darkness .
` ` well , for one thing , whoever carried that cage out to the finger had to get wet and dirty doing it .
` ` as a matter of fact , '' rafe said , ` ` there is one more thing . ''
` ` this thing is getting very complicated . ''
there is just one thing i would like for you both to keep in mind . ''
the only thing he cared about in those days was reviving madison commercial .
` ` the important thing is that we put a stop to whatever is going on around here . ''
but the next morning the only thing everyone in town could talk about was kaitlin sadler 's so - called accident and the possibility that rafe , here , might have offed her .
but then , in all fairness , the only thing that had held his attention in those days was his dream of rebuilding the financial empire that had been shattered by the harte - madison feud .
next thing you know , gabe will be packing his bags . ''
` ` it was one thing when she was the lone conspiracy theorist in town .
` ` it was n't first thing . ''
` ` and another thing you should know before we drive into portland for this big evening on the town . ''
` ` madison commercial was always the most important thing in his life .
` ` i turned this thing over to sullivan but as far as i can see , he has n't done a blame thing to straighten up this mess .
` ` the important thing here is that i do n't want him hurt .
` ` look , we all know that madison commercial is the most important thing in gabe 's life .
` ` another thing , '' sean added .
but the thing that 's worrisome is that there was another possible break - in at my apartment in portland .
` ` now , then , the first thing we have to keep in mind is that the pictures all have to be hung at the right height so that people your age can see them properly . ''
` ` one more thing , '' he added , snapping the car into gear .
whether sandy had ever gotten a date using one of the numbers he had found on the grungy white tiles in the station 's restroom was still an open question , but one thing was certain : the eclipse bay gas and go was a nexus point of local gossip .
` ` for one thing , there 's a lady 's reputation at stake . ''
a young waiter appeared , saving him from getting too deep into the introspective thing .
whatever the case , one thing was certain .
` ` might be a good idea to give everyone some time to cool off before you tell them about the coffee thing , '' nick said behind her .
it 's the only thing this town is talking about at the moment . ''
but even if that was the case , one thing is certain - she definitely owed the seatons .
he sounded so reasonable , like it was just an ordinary thing .
soon the change will happen , and the only thing that will matter will be whose side you were on .
things rose into the air as rogan sorted through my possessions , looking for a weapon .
` ` the attack on your family is the only thing that does n't fit . ''
` ` the first thing you need to know about this case is that lawson and beth think i ' ve developed an unhealthy obsession , '' ellis said neutrally .
i 'll go back to the inn , get some rest and leave first thing in the morning . ''
one thing was for sure , this was not the time to ask .
sure , i can see why you would n't be overly concerned about a little thing like bankruptcy . ''
she also gave my daughter and son - in - law the name of a doctor who was familiar with that kind of thing .
one thing was certain , he decided : she was bound to be an easier proposition than some of his past employers .
i ' m not likely to have to worry about that sort of thing in this day and age .
` ` look , if you 're unable to be civilized about this , i 'll just skip the whole thing and go back to bed . ''
jonas nodded once , almost absently , as if the last thing he was interested in at the moment was getting her a glass of vodka .
the only thing that matters is sending damon kincaid into hell in a fitting style .
the thing about bureaucracies , red , is that they tend to get upset over all the little piddling details and ignore the really big , important things . ''
people who worried about that kind of thing started checking with me for a second opinion when they had doubts about an item in their collection or about something they were considering for purchase .
whatever had happened in that lab at vincent college , one thing was certain : jonas really had tried to kill someone .
that 's why he turned the whole thing over to me .
one thing was for certain , she was managing to keep his ego stroked and well fed .
one thing is certain , i shall enjoy getting her to tell me what she does know .
it flashed through her head : things have gone from sugar to shit .
whenever she looked into the depths of his eyes - eyes the color of florentine gold coins , filled with intelligence and the shadows of ghosts - the last thing on verity 's mind was how quarrel rated on a scale of one to ten .
` ` verity and i are not going to split up over a little thing like this , '' jonas assured him quickly , his voice hard .
clearly , his mind was on only one thing .
assuming you did n't blow the whole thing last night , of course .
` ` you 're right about one thing , '' jonas said .
` ` do you think we should drop the whole thing and go home ? ''
the last thing she wanted to talk any more about tonight was marriage .
` ` now , preston , you know this is n't a personal thing .
the most important thing was to get elyssa out of the water .
i wo n't be able to rest until i solve this thing . ''
she and her business partner , mary , were heavily into the whole meditation , enlightenment , be - in - the - moment thing .
first thing in the morning he would talk to lucy 's aunt and explain just how dangerous the situation was .
i know sara trusted deke when it came to that sort of thing . ''
she could hear her father now : leave that sort of thing to the police .
` ` well , one thing for sure , the poisoning was n't premeditated .
well , except for the poor - communicator thing , of course .
i ' ve been looking for the real thing .
it was a small thing , this business of ordering her to cross the room and accompany him , but honor sensed immediately that he was doing it deliberately .
` ` is that plane the only thing you care about ?
` ` i ' m sure you would have found the whole thing damned embarrassing . ''
the next thing she knew she was actually guiding the cessna out onto the taxiway .
you would n't understand about that sort of thing , nick .
` ` i assure you , marriage is the very last thing on my mind at the moment .
only one thing worried her now .
one thing was certain : he believed what he was saying .
she was being a little too businesslike about this whole thing , he decided .
if you ca n't do it , just say so and drop the whole thing .
the people whom she had questioned at port valentine had been in agreement about one thing when it came to teague severance : he was a man of his word , and among wolves that meant something .
someone came rushing up with a dose of oblivo , and the next thing i knew , i woke up in a med facility .
she had secretly hoped he might forget the whole thing .
as for me , i do n't have to discuss this sort of thing with you .
one thing was for certain , severance decided as he stood under the spray : he was going to have to keep a lid on his consumption of ale after dinner .
he sensed her movement , and the next thing he knew , she was stretching out her hand to touch his .
the one thing she did n't allow herself to think about was the amount of time left on the deflector screens .
actually it was a lucky guess based on the fact that i was thinking about the same thing . ''
she reached inside her shirt , and the first thing her hand touched was the stone shard .
` ` it 's the principle of the thing , '' severance growled .
cidra was her old elegant self this evening , except in one thing .
` ` cidra , try not to get hysterical on me over a little thing like this .
the most important thing in his life was waiting .
` ` one thing before you call the cops . ''
i thought arcane frowned very heavily on that kind of thing . ''
the next thing you know you have a complete , wheels - within - wheels fantasy involving the cia , area 51 , cosmic energy and a dead guy . ''
` ` define first thing , '' she shot back .
all in all it was far more modest than the evening dress she had worn earlier , but she suspected that it was the principle of the thing that worried fallon .
` ` well , i suppose professional investigators like us have to be practical about this sort of thing . ''
she was right about one thing .
so here 's the only other important thing .
the guy she falls in love with is kind of creepy - kinky , and it becomes this whole big sex thing ; her suffering proves how much she loves him ; blah , blah , blah ... that kind of stuff .
when i took over the house , i redid the whole thing .
another thing : the cabin ?
personally , i think they were so getting into each other again and with mom gearing up for the holidays - they were thrilled not to have to worry about one more thing .
oh , one more thing , honey .
next thing you know , my publicist is making me enter rehab for exhaustion . ''
he lived halfway across the country , and she would never want to deal with the crazy lifestyle he was buried neck - deep in , so he knew this was a one - time thing .
you do n't have a thing to worry about . ''
she knew it was freaking freezing outside , but she did n't feel a thing with how hot he was making her .
one thing remained certain , however : she was going to the mcguiness 's tavern for every meal necessary .
i 'd been moping about the house , and the next thing i knew , a tornado came ripping through .
all morning long she 'd attempted not to think about the one thing on her mind even now , her dream .
it was the only thing in her control at the moment , and by god , she 'd remain silent .
but he was too late in his discovery , and the last thing he saw was sabrina 's stricken face , and the tears running down her cheek .
it meant this whole thing did n't stand a risk of getting sloppy or emotional .
it 's not my thing to hang out , well , after . ''
she lifted a shoulder , trying to play off the whole thing .
one thing at a time , right ?
sex was such a deeply seated , intimate thing , so personal .
you do n't have to worry about a thing . ''
that was the most important thing , when it came down to it .
` ` that 's the most important thing .
how misty would find safe water and sunlight , she did n't know , but as she 'd told herself , one thing at a time .
in the country of adrianglia , two things mattered most : one 's name and one 's magic .
romance had to be the last thing on his mind and should have been the last on hers .
but somehow the quest to have a child became the most important thing in my life .
this was an adult thing or a human thing , and he was n't getting it , so he just waited .
this was an adult thing or a human thing , and he was n't getting it , so he just waited .
he came to ask them for help , but they 're leaving on their own thing tomorrow , so he 's taking gaston with him instead . ''
often , when he was under pressure , things miraculously snapped into place .
i want the whole thing . ''
she knew only that touching kaldar , being with him , feeling his lips on hers , was the most important thing .
but one thing was certain - gavan had jordan .
i spent years building up this business , and it 's the only thing between me and mabel and the wolf at the door .
` ` maybe it is a good thing you brought your bitch .
she 'd wanted to cheer him up , to show him that the past did n't have to mean a thing to the present .
the first thing i want , though , is for you to find out everything - i mean absolutely everything - about the honorable gilbert franklin .
you cut that open and the whole thing is shot .
simply put , all of you had a very difficult day , and i ' m sure the eel was the last thing on your mind .
it was not a sure thing .
but chatting about things to liam over coffee , that was fine and did n't draw attention to the fact that the person in question had troubles .
finally the thing niggling at her broke through the fog in her brain .
he knew damn well she could see his erection - how could she miss a thing of that size pushing at her ?
he was ready to move on to the next thing , and kim wondered what that next thing was .
` ` what you call soccer is n't my thing .
andrea was never sure who leaned forward first , but she was melting toward him and , next thing she knew , felt the scalding pressure of sean 's mouth on hers .
one thing was for certain , she could n't stand here and wait for one of callum 's felines to attack her .
because that 's what they do , they sidle up to the woman in the family , woo her , and then next thing you know they ' ve got their di - ` ` rose gave her an indignant stare .
next thing she knew , she 'd be threatening to take away his comics if he did n't finish his dinner .
` ` i know it 's a private thing between you and him .
the important thing is , this is a good place .
next thing i know , i ' m sneaking up to his cabin to be with him , and then not much wanting to leave .
the only thing she should be concerned about was having to work with him to build the houses .
picking up shifter groupies not your thing ? ''
of course , xavier would have relieved the man of any kind of communication ability first thing .
you'l never have to worry about a thing . ' ''
one more thing : do n't get bitten .
her movements were so slight , and yet tiger thought this was the most important thing that had ever happened to him .
` ` the heart , it is a fragile thing . ''
not a bleedin ' thing . ''
ian took the treaty from hart and stalked with it into the billiards room , hoping the damn thing was short .
she 'd been the only thing real to him in lyndon mather 's box ; everything else had been shadowy and wrong .
he wore that stubborn mackenzie look , which said if he did n't want to talk about a thing , an iron bar could n't pry his mouth open to do it .
one thing was certain : whatever isabella 's complicated motivations , she was determined to go to london with aimee .
` ` the original price is a thing of the past .
he reflected that the women often had a much better time with the whole thing than he did .
` ` what is this important thing you need to speak to me about ? ''
hart obviously expected her to hand the whole thing over to him on the spot .
` ` i believe he is right about one thing , izzy .
` ` so , you see , it is not such a simple thing , is it ?
we both must grab it or the whole thing will be ruined . ''
he 'd moved from the hell of the tunnels to the purgatory of the boat , where he 'd come face - to - face with the realization of what was the most important thing in his life .
first thing that was fixed tomorrow ... no , today - the bellpulls .
his expression said that he 'd rather die than have to prepare such a thing , but mahindar always wanted to please .
this was the first time he 'd ever considered such a thing .
` ` then it 's a good thing i sent him on his way . ''
since the intrusion of magic made the mass production of plastic a thing of the past , all trash had to be divided and sorted .
` ` i think he wanted you to tell him you would find the killer and solve the whole thing . ''
kate had helped , especially with cutting things , but i wanted my scent all over this place , not hers , which was why she was wrapped in plastic , and i wore a tank top and a pair of capris , sweating and leaving my scent signature on everything .
shortly after that , barabas dragged raphael off to talk about some sort of important thing that could n't wait .
would it kill him not to screw with my thing ?
you 're good at that sort of thing .
you can take violet 's things on to uncle ian 's . ''
mary , who also had a horror of the country , would remain with her to look after things .
` ` the first thing we should talk about is your clothes . ''
` ` i have a sure thing .
but as he drove along route 194 toward gettysburg , he was becoming increasingly aware that he 'd been mistaken about at least one very important thing .
and probably not quite as cool , if such things could ever really be considered cool in the first place .
emma asked , turning around to find that charles had once again moved to the center of the doorway and was now blocking the entrance of both peter and the dog , stammering and gesturing and trying to be generally polite about the whole thing .
she took a deep breath , and then - as if they 'd just had a heart to heart , some warm and genuine chat about their feelings - she wrapped up the whole thing by saying , ` ` you know we love you very much . ''
` ` just because you have the attention span of a cricket- '' ` ` i 'd rather know a little bit about a lot of things than a lot about just one thing . ''
and despite everything - emma and her ridiculous ideas , the muddy paw prints on the backseat of the stolen car , the policemen lining the highways with their flashing red lights , the threat of all that was behind and before them - this was the first time peter really felt the whole thing being wrenched from his grip .
she talked and she talked and she talked , and she was grateful to peter for not interrupting her - even when he climbed back into the car after stopping at a gas station for directions to the nearest animal hospital - because there was a certain momentum to the whole thing , and she was afraid of what might happen if it broke .
it was one thing to count on someone who was dead and gone , to rely on an idea or a memory , a person with no real influence over her life outside of her imagination .
there 's just one more thing i need to do before heading home .
but there was one thing he needed to do first , and it was n't long before he found himself standing outside a gas station that straddled an intersection between two backcountry roads , a small cabin of a building that was now more yellow than white .
but even so , mom had n't meant for the whole thing to turn into a secret .
the whole thing seemed suddenly simple , like the most obvious idea in the world .
the screen behind them has already been switched to announce the next flight from jfk to heathrow , which does n't leave for more than three hours , and it 's quickly becoming obvious that hadley is the only thing standing between them and the end of their shift .
but the truth was , they spent so much time not talking about mom 's absence that it had become the only thing either of them could think about .
` ` i know it 's hard to believe , '' she 'd say , maddeningly levelheaded about the whole thing , ` ` but it was for the best .
the only thing she 's not certain about is the ex part .
she 's crying in earnest now , propped up by the doorframe , and when she feels the first tear fall , she thinks - ridiculously - of violet , and how it 's one more thing they 'll have to worry about when trying to fix her again .
she 'd always kept things so tidy at home , the counters sparkling and the floors dust - free , and owen was suddenly glad she could n't see this place , with its dim lighting and peeling paint , the mold that caked the spaces between bathroom tiles and the dingy appliances in the kitchen .
it was a small thing , he knew .
mom smiled in a way that made lucy wonder whether they were still talking about the same thing .
but i was actually talking about the smoking thing . ''
i could see it , as if it was a physical thing .
` ` maybe you should put that aside and go to bed- '' ` ` sleep wo n't change a damn thing .
what unavoidable thing could my father have had come up ?
they were acting like this was some huge thing , but we were standing here in dresses and heels like idiots .
one thing sure to make him release me .
bad thing was ?
hopefully when i told her the truth later tonight ... it would n't be a thing of the past .
this was n't his thing .
one thing i knew i had to do ?
because your campaign is the most important thing here . ''
` ` but they 'll be alive to hate you , '' maximus pointed out , and that was the most important thing .
` ` i know my misunderstanding of the ring thing before led to our breakup , but as i said then , it was n't about angling for a proposal .
despite my resolve to settle a few things first , i could n't help but think that the heat seemed to travel from his hands down to a specific place in my body .
i sprawled into a heap , but the action meant i did n't pick up any new memories from stained stone ground , which was the most important thing .
` ` we were searching some vampire 's house when maximus , shrapnel , and i got ambushed , but you are right about one thing .
the most important thing was getting away from him .
` ` but it also could be apol yon stirring things up with more of his rot about my wife 's being a threat to the ghoul nation .
then the next thing i saw , a big damn dog was standing where the man had been , but it ran off , and the police think my twenty - five - year - old cousin died of a heart attack instead of being strangled . ''
it was a good thing they were so rare , or humanity would have far more to concern itself with than the occasional rogue vampire or ghoul .
` ` and i 'll remind you again that since i ' m helping you , the least you could do is not argue with me over every little thing . ''
oh , one more thing . ''
considering everything that had happened , that should have been the last thing on her mind .
he was out living his life , and i was missing the whole thing .
the only thing we 're going to work on in your lessons is height , because judges want to see that too .
the life vests were floating away on the current , but the more important thing was to make sure the mast did n't fall out of the hole and sink .
i could tell from the way he talked so wistfully about it that this was one more thing he 'd had to give up when he moved .
the only important thing was to get the horn stopped before it woke my dad .
` ` one more thing , though , '' he said , ending his solo on my drum with a loud tap .
` ` it 's not just a sex thing , '' i said quickly .
but one thing nagged at me the whole night .
and there 's one more thing . ''
and the next thing i know , all these chicks are telling me that leah jones is after him so i had better watch out . ''
i ' m calling the whole thing off !
i almost explained the whole thing to him : i do n't want to kiss you outside my trailer with a pit bull barking in my ear .
that 's probably the first thing she checked . ''
as he was closing the door behind him , she called , ` ` quentin , one more thing . ''
` ` the album is the most important thing .
and the next thing i knew , he 'd brought five strangers into the house . ''
` ` it 's a good thing you have a lot of hair , '' a passing nurse remarked to quentin .
i was holding up the whole thing myself ?
one thing was certain : if she really was representing lorelei , wendy was about to make his job a whole lot harder .
` ` that 's the first thing i learned in this job . ''
wendy exclaimed needlessly , because daniel was obviously wondering the same thing .
and one thing he 'd thought was so far beyond his reach that he had n't even longed for it until wendy appeared like magic in the big o bar with a shining zipper down the back of her skirt : he would spend every long vegas night making love with his wife . < br/ > he wanted to ride the roller coaster around the new york casino .
and one thing he 'd thought was so far beyond his reach that he had n't even longed for it until wendy appeared like magic in the big o bar with a shining zipper down the back of her skirt : he would spend every long vegas night making love with his wife . < br/ > i could keep my expressionless drum major face on while i strode under the bleachers and around the stadium to the bathroom .
this was the one thing walter and i could n't talk about , besides my dad .
` ` the first thing i want to know is what happened to this guy o'toole .
i wondered whether he knew exactly what he was touching underneath my paper gownbut surely that was the farthest thing from his mind .
that was a big thing they fought about .
but she did know one thing for certain .
elijah did n't want to leave things this way between them , but he had another tree to bark up .
` ` about this particular thing . ''
i felt embarrassed about that sort of thing . ''
for now , the only thing that mattered was reestablishing communications with skylynn .
` ` well , for one thing , '' she said , removing his shirt , ` ` this has to go . ''
but the only thing on her mind now was saintcrow .
` ` for one thing , she should have told you that you do n't have to kill when you feed , and that if you do take a life , you need to dispose of the body where it wo n't be found .
one thing was certain - he had to decide soon .
but one thing she was sure of , her father was behind this .
one thing she knew , she could not stay here , in his house , in his bedroom .
while the well - dressed women on television discussed much that brenna did n't fully understand , one thing she had learned was that the women in this century demanded equality in every facet of their lives .
just one thing , '' he said with a grin , ` ` your bodyguard has to pay for his own meal . ''
one thing was for certain , he was n't making a good impression on cara 's father .
one thing was for certain , he would n't be dressing as a vampire !
he knocked again , wondering if she had gone to bed , wondering if he should n't just forget the whole thing .
` ` of course , that 's the important thing , '' brenna agreed .
the next thing i knew , he was leading me up the porch stairs .
` ` one woman made for one man , that sort of thing ? ''
` ` my turn , '' said a deep male voice , and the next thing i knew , rafe 's father was giving me a bear hug that threatened to crack my ribs .
one thing was for certain : whether he was a man or a magician , santoro the magnificent knew how to kiss .
` ` there 's just one thing .
` ` one more thing , '' rane said .
what was he thinking , to mention such a thing in front of this man ?
one thing was for certain , if she made him the same offer again , he would n't refuse .
one thing was for certain , if he was in the house , she could n't find him .
savanah grinned , knowing that was one thing she would never have to worry about .
` ` well , one thing is certain , '' vince said , refilling his wineglass , ` ` we know she 'll come . ''
` ` do you really think this is the time or the place to discuss that sort of thing ? ''
` ` well , i have n't been to mass in years , '' kyle admitted , ` ` but marriage is a serious thing and should be done right .
one thing she knew for certain , the day after derek graduated from high school , she would seek the dark gift .
one thing for certain , she would be sure they both took precautions before they slept together again , because even though she loved derek more than her own life , she did n't want any more babies .
now , there was just one more thing he had to do .
human parents would be ill - equipped to handle such a thing .
one way or another , things would come to a head when the moon rose tonight .
trying to stay up late to be with derek had been one thing , going to transylvania quite another .
he had never considered marriage , but one thing he knew , most mortal females wanted a big wedding , a fancy dress , bridesmaids and parties .
of all the things she could have asked him , that was one thing he had never considered .
the important thing was to make sure that everything went smoothly on saturday , and that her parents had no reason to suspect their daughter , her husband , and her new in - laws were all vampires .
it would have been so easy to lose myself in the moment , but we had to finish our conversation , even if blake was the last thing in the world i wanted to discuss .
it certainly was n't the most important thing to think about , but i was still curious .
macon was sweet at heart , but he tended to take things a step too far .
any chance we can make this a weekly thing ?
besides , it was n't a purely physical thing .
` ` i already told you that 's the most important thing .
` ` i ' m not finishing this whole thing . ''
i 'd have to ease into the whole thing , maybe jump in the pool and then take it off .
was he implying this was more than a one - time thing ?
i think he found the whole thing amusing .
kyle invited me , and i did n't realize it was a frat thing .
i was wondering if this was a post - dylan thing , or just a drunk thing . ''
the last thing i wanted to discuss was colt .
` ` yeah , sure thing . ''
here 's one thing .
` ` i already told you not to worry about sugar coating things .
` ` okay , one more thing before you go . ''
` ` that 's how you can give such great advice on the long distance thing .
` ` just focus on the nose thing .
` ` the only thing i ' m not revealing is where i ' m taking you .
maybe it was because the whole thing started as a joke , but i suddenly had limitless confidence .
` ` if you want , but i ' m serious about the green thing .
` ` well , i do need to ask one more thing . ''
any chance you 're into that kind of thing ? ''
maybe he would rather skip the whole thing .
do n't remind me that this is just a casual thing .
i ' m not so sure i can keep doing this whole casual thing . ''
i was definitely not used to talking about this kind of thing .
i usually finished the whole thing on the twenty minute commute to work .
` ` not yet , there 's one more thing i need to do . ''
` ` the only thing i ' m the end of is your dating history .
in the beginning , we only saw each other once or twice a week , but before long it became a whole weekend thing .
he sounded like a sage , but really it 's just the way he viewed things .
she told him the whole thing seemed pretty awful , but cut - and - dried , and at that i thought bill relaxed just a millimeter .
all the way home he kept a sullen ( i guess ) silence , whereas i was inclined to view the whole thing as funny .
` ` for one thing , the man would have to be thinking of his crime while he sat here , at the exact moment i listened in .
i ' m afraid it sounds like some kind a personal thing , sookie .
but now i had to explain the whole thing to andy , who was slumped only half - awake in my kitchen chair , his plaid shirt wrinkled and blotched with coffee stains , his khakis shapeless through long wear .
but my legs were n't broken , and i could still run , given the chance ; that was the main thing .
` ` portia does n't care one damn thing about vampire rights , '' i said .
at some point toward the middle of the afternoon , i realized that there was one thing i had to do , the task bill had insisted on my accomplishing if he was delayed .
i needed to talk to sam , that was the main thing .
trying to concentrate on listening in class , taking tests in a roomful of buzzing brains ... the only thing i 'd ever excelled in was homework .
i figured god had made me with the disability of telepathy , and he could cut me a little slack on the sex thing .
for one thing ( a kind of sour - grapey thing ) , when bill had found out they were his descendants , he 'd made an elaborate plan to give the bellefleurs money anonymously , and they 'd really enjoyed their mysterious legacy to the hilt .
first thing to check ?
andy bellefleur asked first thing .
using his inbred fairy skills to draw people to admire him was an ego thing with claude , which had little to do with economics .
` ` and next thing i knew , the second set was over and the club was closing , and i was checking backstage and everywhere for traces of claudette , then i was here with claude and claudine . ''
chapter 6 you have to figure out what to wear to a funeral , just like any other social occasion , even if it seems your clothes should be the last thing on your mind .
i felt misgivings about the whole thing .
` ` not a thing , '' i said calmly enough , though i may have been clenching my hands as i said it .
` ` one thing i wish you 'd do for me today or tomorrow is fix the door from the hall into the kitchen , '' i said .
for another thing , though my feelings were a matter of indifference to almost ninety percent of the bar 's patrons , the other ten percent were watching like hawks to see if bill 's date was making me suffer .
of course , to alcide , this struggle for succession was the most important thing going .
meanwhile , though i would not have thought it was possible for me to be anything but on the knife - edge of suspense , the leg - licking thing was providing an entirely unexpected diversion .
` ` one more thing , before i go . ''
` ` thanks for visiting , felicia , and do n't worry about a thing .
if i hauled off and slapped her , maybe that would be enough disruption to stall the whole thing .
i 'd never worked up enough nerve to ask amelia what their goal had been , and it was one thing her brain was n't throwing out .
things were coming up roses for the queen of louisiana , and i tried not to be bitter .
and it was a load off my mind to feel that the dr pepper thing was solved .
i was thinking of so many things at once that i was standing rooted in place .
my grandfathers - okay , i guess one of them had n't truly been my grandfather - had n't looked or acted a thing like this beautiful creature .
for another thing , i 'd imagined there were maybe a small handful of fairies left in the world , but eric was telling me there once were as many fairies as there were vampires , though the fairy race was on the wane .
my brief mention to amelia that octavia could stay with us for a little while had been a spur of the moment thing .
` ` i figured that would take priority over the other thing , '' i said , forcing my attention back to andy .
though their words were the last thing in the world i needed to be worrying about , a little spark of anger lit in my chest .
for another thing , eric needed all his blood to heal himself , and he took some of pam 's , too .
it 's a good thing i ' m immortal , or those curses she 'd been flinging at me might have done some damage .
tugging on the pants he had worn that day , he ran the whole thing over in his mind .
` ` it 's a personal thing , the change .
by now , the new regime should have been firmly in place , and eric should have thoroughly established his new role in the scheme of things .
i suppose this is the kind of thing you talk about with someone you love ; you figure they 'll care about trivial topics , since those things are important to you .
terry did well as long as he kept his focus on one thing at a time .
` ` no , it was only normal stuff , the kind of thing you brought him here so i could help with , '' i said .
there are a couple of things i need to bring you up to speed on , if you ever have a chance to come to my place to talk . ''
the important thing is that bill 's not getting well .
for another thing , a bad time is coming for us two - natured folks , and i want to make sure everyone in bon temps knows i ' m an okay guy . ''
` ` honestly , it was a spur of the moment thing , '' i say as i sit on the floor and unpack my dance bag .
after making my follow - up appointment , i stop by the house and grab my dance bag to spend the rest of the day rehearsing and focusing more on the thing i do have control over , which is my career , not ryan .
i do n't do the whole casual thing .
he leans in and whispers something in her ear and the next thing i know , they 're making their way to the dance floor .
aiden is just on a different page with this whole music thing .
this is the last thing i need to deal with right now .
my boss gave me a few tickets , but i had another work thing come up , and i have to bail .
the whole thing got me thinking about how i spend my time .
think of it as a work thing .
my thoughts are all over the map , but one thing is certain , as hard as this is , i know i ca n't let it change us .
most of her belonging were all ready to go by the time i got there , so it did n't take us too long before we left , which was good because she was really upset about the whole thing .
she asks , and although i ' ve always been open with my mom , i know this thing with candace will forever remain private , so i simply tell her , ` ` yeah , mom .
i know this is the last thing she probably wants to discuss , but it has to be done , so i choose my words carefully , telling her , ` ` you know that i would never hurt you . ''
i ' ve been giving a lot of thought to getting things settled at work since i fired michael a couple weeks ago , and the one person who knows that place inside and out , the one person i trust completely , is max .
while drinking our coffee , mom mentions that she has to drive out to portland for the day to take care of few things , leaving the day open for me and candace .
but i find happiness in one thing , and that is , after all we have been through and all the time that has passed , she ran to me for the comfort that she needed .
she takes a moment to settle her tears and take in a few deep breaths when dr . christman asks me , ` ` what 's the biggest thing you feel you struggle with about candace 's attack ? ''
` ` that 's the most important thing . ''
we can go around and around like this all day , but it 's not gon na change a thing .
so number three - the important thing is , if you can make it through the rough , unexpected times ?
but the thing is , while he and kate were figuring their shit out ?
it 's business - a dog - eat - dog kind of thing . ''
but she 's coming over tonight and i have the whole thing planned .
` ` i had this whole thing planned .
you would n't change a thing about them - would n't trade them for all the freaking iphones in china .
it 's the one thing that 's been kept confidential .
the next thing i know , we 're on the sidewalk and i ' m dragging her to the side of the building - to the narrow alley just wide enough to fit a dumpster that faces the street .
and as for the lawyer thing , if i can afford him , that 's fine .
so if not for his ex , things would be perfect , and that is one thing that worries me .
i told you we have not one f**king thing to talk about . ''
his mouth never leaves me as he quickly maneuvers my other thigh onto his other shoulder , my back and him the only things keeping me from hitting the floor .
` ` one thing at a time , '' he says gently , reading my face .
i do n't care what the f**k is going on in their organization ; the only thing i care about is getting this shit settled .
i ' m positive that dinner would just make this whole thing more complicated , and it does n't need to be any more complicated .
but i am happy that my two men are taking this whole thing so well .
` ` one other thing , '' surreal said before merry had a chance to escape .
and there 's the other thing . ''
` ` for one thing , your father does n't feel it 's appropriate for the boys to see you anymore .
and after i was hurt , it took me a long time to heal , and my becoming well was the most important thing .
jaenelle stood up , walked around the desk , and gave him a kiss that narrowed his focus to just one thing : sex .
at first marian sympathized with him about getting into an argument with me about every damn little thing , but she 's feeling less generous now that she finds herself dealing with a young warlord prince trying to fuss over her and give her orders instead of being around a son who takes orders . ''
a small thing , perhaps .
in some ways , what he was about to do was a small thing , a simple choice .
ranon showed polite interest , but gray loved books and stories , and kept delaying so that he could see ` ` just one more thing . ''
only the knowledge that every available person was going to be helping with the harvest this year , and the need to get the shops finished up and stocked with merchandise , kept gray from trying to add one more thing to the list of projects to be accomplished before winter set in .
there were sounds all around him now , people all around now , but the only thing that mattered was the other opal - jeweled warlord prince .
the butler worked in the garden as a way to relax and was doing what he could to keep things tidy .
` ` one last thing , '' powell said .
but the whole thing tickled him enough to push aside temper .
the other thing that was becoming clear was that no matter how they appeared for the servants and guests , no matter how sadi was presented as the dominant power in dhemlan , when the bedroom door closed at night , she had a warlord prince by the balls and was n't afraid to squeeze .
for one thing , he was n't stable , was n't sure he could be trusted around her - and that scared him to the bone .
` ` oh , one other thing about warlord princes , '' jaenelle said just before they rejoined the men .
which made her think of the other thing she needed to discuss with shira .
one last thing , he thought as he vanished the tools .
since you must have used craft to keep it bleeding while you planted those pears , i imagine the wound is clean , but we should n't get careless about such things .
she laughed , something inside him broke , and the next thing he remembered was standing in the middle of a slaughter .
but one thing did worry him .
at the moment , only one thing mattered : jenkell had used tersa in order to harm her own family .
` ` the next thing you should know is that using my tangled webs to fuel the game shuffled the exits .
the bitch had never understood that if shehad managed to corner him , bedding her would have been the last thing on his mind .
lucivar would n't believe him right now if he said escape was the last thing on marian 's mind .
` ` for one thing , the coven and the boyos would never forgive me if they were n't invited to your wedding .
there 's one thing your lady forgot to mention . ''
` ` there is one more thing , '' saetan said , calling in a folded piece of parchment and handing it to daemon .
the only thing that mattered to a young hayllian male was surviving the way things werenow .
the afternoon light - what little of it there had been that day - was waning , and the only thing he was interested in was finding a place to make camp and getting something hot to eat .
` ` one thing , '' he said , looking over his shoulder at thera .
next thing i know , they 're standing up on that rock over there '' -brock jerked his chin toward a flat boulder a few yards away- '' yelling if she did n't give herself to them , they 'd throw the boy to his death .
a small thing , really .
` ` one thing , '' jared said , drawing yarek a few feet away .
well , that was one other thing he 'd take care of when he got to that privy hole called ranon 's wood .
there was one more thing she 'd better get straightened out before jaenelle returned - for all their sakes .
the most important thing .
* ` ` one other thing , little brother .
* one more thing , * the spider said .
lifting her hand , he kissed her knuckles and wondered if he could delicately suggest that she put on a robe without her taking offense.one thing at a time , sadiablo .
there was just one thing that still troubled him , still produced a nagging twinge between his shoulder blades .
` ` they have a distinct sensibility when it comes to that sort of thing . ''
you ' ve had too many other things occupying your time , and that sort of thing is done very quietly . ''
but the thing that made his breath catch , made his heart pound too fast , too hard , was the bed of witch blood in the far corner .
he says it 's a good thing we'reall different or hell would be a dreadfully boring place . ''
no big thing .
not sure this is the kind of thing one wants to draw attention to , is it ?
and in addition to all this bullshit going on about the size of my ass and whether i was sleeping with sexy scientist guy , i had the biggest thing ever in my professional career going on .
` ` see , that 's the exact opposite of the thing i want you to be focused on right now .
they ' ve had vips there before , so they know how to handle this kind of thing .
and he was strangely silent about the whole thing .
` ` what do you say we close this thing and talk more about this while i take these pesky clothes off of you ... '' he started .
` ` grace , for the record , when i was twenty - four the last thing on my mind was having kids .
he asked me last week when your opening was , and then the next thing i knew he had a ticket waiting at will call next to mine tonight .
` ` we still need to talk about some things , '' he said , the green beginning to darken .
there 's one thing , though , that i am fairly certain about ? ''
hey , one more thing . ''
ya know , hash things out , '' holly said , offering me some coffee , obviously as a gesture of peace .
` ` one last thing , if i may ? ''
how can that not be the most important thing ? ''
she was n't quite ready to give up on the idea of me moving back to san diego , believing i 'd tire of this ` ` gang dog '' thing , but things were less tense than before .
` ` just one thing , but it was a big thing . ''
the roof 's leaking , so that 's obviously the first thing we 'll need to start on , and when i was trying to get to sleep last night , before the rain started that is , i could have sworn i heard something scuffling around behind the walls .
` ` you ca n't change a thing in this house without going through me .
not one thing , vivian . ''
when she 'd initially asked me if i 'd keep things running while she was on her honeymoon , it was things like making sure the alarm was set each night and that ashley made sure to order coffee creamer .
when she 'd initially asked me if i 'd keep things running while she was on her honeymoon , it was things like making sure the alarm was set each night and that ashley made sure to order coffee creamer .
laughing about barry derry was one thing , talking about neil and sophia was another conversation entirely .
he was supposed to be gone almost the entire month of december , but now the only thing on his books was our trip to rio .
passion was one thing , but that quiet comfort of unhurried touching ?
` ` there 's a lot of things we probably should have discussed before we jumped into this house thing .
licking his paws like it was no big thing .
benjamin must have known ... but it 's a guy thing , i guess , '' she replied .
he started to put his hand on my shoulder , but seemed to think better of it , probably when he realized the last thing he 'd touched .
` ` now we spice things up and add a little citrus , '' i answered , lining up cinnamon and nutmeg , my sugar bowl , and a lemon .
` ` well , it 's a good thing we 're just friends then , right ? ''
at some point , i was going to have to clean all that mess up , but right now the only thing i could concentrate on was this man in front of me .
` ` you and me both , brother , but one thing at a time .
i walk towards my bedroom , turning off the lights with only one thing on my mind .
apparently it 's the big thing at parties these days so i thought , why not ?
she is radiant , the darkness that surrounded her for so long is now a thing of the past .
the only thing that i did n't have a say in was our house .
but even if i had the chance to do it all over again , i would not change a thing .
2 ) she was being sexy and funny and cute and i did n't want to do a thing about it until she was awake , sober and cute .
those gorgeous green eyes that i lose myself in daily ... those biteable pink lips that i ca n't wait to taste again ... first things first .
since he arrived , he has n't stopped looking at me , but not raking his eyes over my body like he only has one thing on his mind either .
unfortunately , i ' ve now got more pressing things to deal with , like finding a new place . ''
zach 's just embarrassed about the whole thing now .
not one damn thing .
mac : report back to me how things are going , including the internet thing .
you were there , and you were having fun , but it was n't really your thing , was it ? ''
the only thing that matters is whether you have a problem with it .
must be a girl thing .
you have to be proactive with this sort of thing .
shit , i ca n't break this damn three date rule , kate would never let me down even if the only thing on my mind right now is jumping daniel 's bones right here , right now .
i had to wear a turtleneck underneath my scrubs for a whole week to hide the thing .
like even just one thing ... well , not that thing because that would be a disaster for all women kind .
like even just one thing ... well , not that thing because that would be a disaster for all women kind .
` ` just one more thing , mac , '' he says before rolling me over and planting a hard wet kiss against my lips .
it has been a year since i met sean , but with his busy work schedule and frequent trips around the country , it is never going to be a serious monogamous thing even if i was looking for a relationship .
but you said give , so is this going to be an ongoing thing ?
it 's the way he strokes my skin , the random texts in the middle of the day just to say hi ... it 's a whole of lot of little things that together , create a big thing .
i want the whole damn thing .
peters gave her a sour look - the fate of european peasants being the most important thing on his mind - but he took it anyway , read it over , and passed it back to m.k .
i thought i 'd spice things up . ''
` ` actually , one more thing . ''
and , of course , there was the other thing .
` ` that is the most important thing , '' she agreed .
just one more thing i do n't need to worry about right now .
` ` whatever , '' he muttered , as if i 'd lied about the power thing just to win points with him .
` ` we found this slime in one of the corridors near st . sophia 's , and next thing you know they were coming at us .
` ` there 's one more thing on the agenda tonight . ''
` ` we 're thinking about this veronica thing too hard . ''
unfortunately , this was n't the kind of thing i could stash away and refuse to think about again .
i ' m not really into the whole romantic thing .
she played it off like it was n't any big thing .
or i would have , if i 'd given that kind of thing any thought .
` ` do you want to talk about the other thing ? ''
` ` and there 's the other thing , '' he prompted , a flush coloring his cheekbones .
i dropped to my knees , knotted fingers in the carpet of grass , wishing that things had gone differently .
'cause you should know i do n't care about the other thing . ''
the thing is , while we protect the house - ` ` ` ` because a safe house is a safe master , '' the four guards parroted together , their words ash - dry , and i guessed luc broke out the proverb frequently .
and one more thing . ''
` ` mom , one thing before you go .
listen , one more thing . ''
see me first thing .
eat the whole thing while i ' m standing here . ''
` ` we ' ve arranged backup , '' ethan said , but his gaze was on the lawn , his expression blank , as if he were contemplating unpleasant things .
` ` that was it , except for one more thing , '' he said , then paused .
reviewing the basics of our security plan at the convocation was one thing - luc had already talked to jonah about that .
unfortunately , as big and well organized as the library was , it was still old - school about one thing : it had a card catalog - and not just any card catalog , but three massive oak cabinets with slender drawers , each containing thousands of alphabetized cards .
` ` violence broke out , but gabriel 's alive , and that 's the most important thing . ''
` ` i doubt that kind of thing interests them .
` ` oh , one final thing . ''
i ' m not saying i ' ve seen v , but if i had , it ai n't the kind of thing i 'd get involved in out of the goodness of my heart .
of course we wanted to wake in the evening and spend our time training , researching , working to ensure the success of the house - instead of playing defense against the marauders at the gate.whatever the drama , whatever her motivations , there was only one thing that was going to solve the celina problem .
just keep one thing in mind . ''
that was one more thing i needed to add to my to - do list .
getting her squared away was definitely the first thing on my revised agenda .
not exactly the most productive meeting i 'd ever attended , but one thing was for sure - claudia knew dominic .
it had better , because mcketrick had things to answer for , and this was n't the time to be a shrinking violet .
such a small thing , '' she added , ` ` but there you go . ''
plus , i ' m stressed about the murders and the gp '' - and the other thing i ' m not supposed to be telling you about , i silently thought - ` ` and my grandfather usually offers me oreos .
` ` there 's one more thing , '' he said , handing me a small silver coin .
oh , and there 's one more thing : i ' ve got something for you in my car . ''
` ` oh , one more thing , '' gabriel said before sitting , swinging a black backpack off his shoulder .
next thing i know , she 's stumbling into my doorway . ''
the only thing that mattered was getting the kids out of here safe and sound .
but one thing concerned me : double the vampires in cadogan house meant double the targets if the rioters struck again .
` ` hey , better than the real thing , '' i said .
one thing was sure : of the seven members of the greenwich presidium other than darius , cadogan house was now responsible for the deaths of two of them .
` ` there is actually one more small thing . ''
` ` you 're serious about the parking space thing ?
i did the same , moving closer beside him so we were a combined vampiric weapon , immortal and strong , although my heart raced like life was a delicate and fragile thing .
` ` oh , and one more thing while i ' m checking off my list of craptastic news .
if this was a political thing , a grudge thing , would n't we know it ?
if this was a political thing , a grudge thing , would n't we know it ?
he probably imagined the personal concern involved jonah and the rg , as that was the only thing i normally would n't discuss with him in detail .
` ` it 's a fashion thing , '' she said .
` ` one thing , '' catcher said , when mallory and jeff had left for the other train car .
he did n't say anything unusual ... '' something horrible occurred to me , because mitzy was n't the only thing we 'd talked to him about .
the creepy man in the bar was the last thing on my mind because everything in my head paled in comparison to adam .
the next thing i knew , his mouth was on me once more and his tongue surged into my body .
next thing i knew , he was gliding the mustang between two sedans on the side of a busy street .
the next thing i knew , a car door was slamming and i jerked up , my body tensing .
she would smell it from a mile away , and the next thing i knew , i would be blubbering the complete truth to her and putting them in even more danger .
the next thing i knew , the sun was rising up above the ocean and making the blue waves glimmer like diamonds in a glass case .
at first , i thought it was sweet , and he laid on the charm , making me think he really had thought things through and decided not to be the world 's biggest douche . ''
the next thing i knew , he was turning us so i was out of the spray and it cascaded over his back as he knelt down in front of me .
suddenly , the thought of losing the way she held on to me as if her life depended on it seemed like a very big thing .
the others in the parking lot laughed and the next thing i knew , they were pulling open the boarded - up door and disappearing inside .
` ` one thing , '' i said .
the next thing i knew , he was sliding his soapy hands over every single inch of my body .
sleeping with my brother 's woman was the last thing on my mind .
next thing i knew , we were walking into a piano bar and i was teasing her about her name .
the next thing i knew he was settling back over me , his chest against my back with his elbows resting on either side of me , surrounding me totally .
i had n't eaten a thing all day .
this was just one more thing to suck up for the job .
` ` there 's just one thing . ''
of course , his safety was the very last thing i cared about .
except , of course , for one thing .
the only thing that mattered right now was that we were alive .
the only thing separating our chests from contact was the fabric of my bikini top .
the look in his eyes worried me , but i could only deal with one thing at a time so i nodded and then rushed around for more rocks and fallen branches .
but i undress myself every day , and that seems to be the most important thing i need to know . ''
i was so nervous about what i was about to do that i had n't eaten a thing all day .
the last thing i wanted to do was get up on stage and show everyone exactly what i had for lunch that day .
i lifted my wrist , the bandage just dangling from the area now , not covering or protecting a thing .
suddenly it did n't seem like such a bad thing to be taken care of by holt .
he looked at gemma when he spoke , as if her safety was the most important thing to him .
the site of fire momentarily caught my attention , but then i forgot about it as my mind zeroed back in on the only thing that mattered .
the next thing i knew i was being pulled closer , his hand was pushing my cheek into his chest , and his arms were locking around me .
the next thing i knew i was hit with an overwhelming white light .
` ` there is one more thing , heven . ''
` ` it 's a good thing i was here or that thing would have hurt her . ''
` ` oh , and one more thing , '' she said and looked over her shoulder .
the next thing i knew , i was being pulled and pushed by the girls out onto the platform beneath bright lights .
the next thing i knew he was nudging me awake .
next thing i knew i was sailing through the air , and i turned to land on my feet .
the next thing i knew i was being tugged down , toward the empty bottom of the lake .
it might have been okay , but i forgot one major thing : my scar .
just one thing ?
when the truck was loaded , he came back with a crooked grin and the next thing i knew , i was thrown over his shoulder and deposited in the truck right next to him .
` ` there 's one other thing , '' zach called , drawing back our attention .
i 'd just have to take care of this other thing later tonight .
` ` that 's not my thing . ''
` ` am i your thing ? ''
he was right about one thing , though .
the next thing i knew he was knocking on the glass door and the girl inside pulled it open .
it was n't for money or the job would n't be an in - and - out type of thing .
the next thing i knew , my tank was gone and the only thing between us was the lace panties i was starting to hate .
` ` that 's another thing ... what was my body doing in your secret stash ?
though she was right about one thing .
the next thing i knew all the mist that was me was pulled into the body and it began to inflate , to fill up with life - my life - and become whole again .
the vision came over me and the next thing i knew i was hitting the sidewalk .
he wanted the flavor of her blood on his tongue when he woke up in the evening and the last thing in the early - morning hours when he went to bed .
she 'd almost died tonight but felt strangely disconnected from that fact except for one thing , of course : her son .
but there 's one more thing .
she could only sit and stare at nothing , her body a cauldron , her vein thumping in her neck as though , despite every human protest her mind threw at her , nothing mattered right now , not one damn thing , except feeding adrien , in any way he needed to be fed .
but something held him back , that sick feeling that the whole thing was wrapped up with the shit of his past .
it was one thing to have heard tales about the monster or even to have spoken with him in a revisiting vision .
for one thing , he intended to shift into altered flight , a form of teleportation that would allow him to pass through solid matter .
i ' m just surprised you did n't shove your c**k between my legs and take the whole thing the rest of the way . ''
and as much as he 'd like to get this whole thing settled as fast as possible , he 'd already accepted that his mission might require years , if not decades , of patient effort .
` ` there 's just one thing i want first , '' she said .
but technique and even theatrical quality was one thing .
` ` i 'd tease you if the whole thing was n't so horrible .
but there was one thing he had to know , whether or not she suspected his current ruse .
part of angelica wanted to rip sweet dove 's face off , but there were more important things to do .
he had to tap into his ancestral power or he 'd die on this table , because the last thing he 'd ever do was place himself in sweet dove 's hands again .
eve said , ` ` there 's just one thing .
angelica felt a stream of power aimed toward her , and the next thing she knew she made actual eye contact with sweet dove , from the past .
but one thing he knew for certain : in the same way that claire had an innate ability to create disguises - something the siphoning of his power had allowed her to do - she was the one who carried the tracking gene .
but this other thing ? ''
she did n't need to worry about that kind of thing anymore .
` ` oh , and one more thing , lucian .
` ` now , the second thing is equally important .
this was no small thing .
one thing was clear : if greaves survived this whole damn turn of events , he was going to have to get rid of stannett and figure out some other way of getting the information he needed .
the first thing we need to do is to find out if the triad can gather its power while in flight and without making physical contact .
everything seemed to be coming together , except for one small thing .
he had things to figure out , his future for one , and he just could n't bear the thought of being in a place that stood for everything he 'd lost .
she might have gotten excited about the idea of sixth getting involved in her difficulties - but one thing she knew for sure , when it came to government , forward movement was about as fast as trying to get ketchup out of a glass bottle .
she did n't need more than coffee , not first thing , although her stomach seemed a little more rumbly than usual .
that big thing began to move within him once more , maybe a need for change , maybe a great unwillingness for things to continue as they 'd been .
she knew only one thing , this was n't for her , not tonight , not with her man giving her so much space and being so damn mature about the whole thing .
after the water turned cold , she hopped out of the shower , toweled off , and decided there was one thing she did want right now .
but she did know one thing that would help .
` ` well said , except for one thing : man will always let you down .
it was no small thing that the rest of the warriors supported thorne despite the fact that he 'd been awol .
he needed to understand some basic things about the planet : how many plains there were where massive armies could gather , the elevations of these areas , which hemisphere they were in - and therefore the corresponding seasonal weather - the wildlife .
for one thing , he had a telepathic link with endelle and she had enough power to track his private communications if she wanted to .
one thing he did need to know , however , was how much fiona knew about marguerite .
` ` but there was one more thing , something i forgot to tell you .
` ` there 's one more thing , '' she said , glancing at jean - pierre .
the only thing she regretted was that she had waited so long to give herself to him .
jean - pierre 's thoughts became fixed on one thing : his woman had been in his bed , had slept beside him , wrapped around his body .
there 's just one thing .
instead , she felt a hand on her hip and the next thing she knew his tongue was all over her , very low , thrusting , tasting , pushing everywhere .
for now , he addressed the one thing that possessed his mind .
but there was one thing she had always wanted to do , a very small thing , from the first time he had kissed her .
she groaned but there was just one more thing .
for one thing , though he had always known that one day marguerite would reside within his fortress , she was completely unpredictable , both in life and in the future streams .
like right now , i can feel antony , in an external physical sense - that the royle wings exhibition we put on in puerto rico two last night has chafed him under his left arm , that kind of thing .
i think the whole thing , as important as it is , makes him feel like a traitor .
he knew only one thing : that he wanted to complete the breh - hedden with her .
she already knew what her answer would be , but this was still not a simple thing , not an easy step to take .
` ` i am curious about one thing .
there was one thing she was going to do as soon as she hit san antonio .
he knew only one thing : he must prevent this bond .
but when he finished the story , he added , ` ` one more thing , mon ami .
` ` one more thing , keep a lid on this seer information for now , until endelle and i and maybe colonel seriffe can work out a strategy , okay ? ''
the next thing she knew she stood in a strange place and it was night , although there seemed to be light coming from somewhere .
` ` okay , let 's take this one f**king thing at a time .
i was going along splendidly , behaving myself , except at the blood and bite , of course , and the next thing i knew i was smelling tangerines in my villa .
mercifully , he did not have to worry about such a thing .
of one thing she was certain : somehow thorne had to give them enough warriors of the blood to bring fiona and the blood slaves home .
` ` well , there is one thing for certain .
one thing was for sure , he was n't going to wait around to find out .
but in her day , the days of her marriage , it had been intensely private , a thing never discussed even between husband and wife .
for one thing , thebreh - hedden was supposed to be a myth .
she flipped the tabletop up , locked it in place , then pushed the whole thing away from gideon .
one thing for sure , he needed to get elise out of this house by morning .
and one more thing .
but i woke up and the next thing i knew i was sitting in the desert , on the ground , and i could tell from the geography that i was at the superstitions .
for one thing , havily detested him because he 'd quit the warriors of the blood two hundred years ago .
` ` there is one more thing .
` ` there 's just one more thing .
for one thing , i 'll need to teach you how to split yourself .
i 'll wake him up and we 'll get this thing taken care of . ''
` ` there is one more thing , which ought to please you .
this was the important thing left undone .
his business with havily was n't the only thing he needed settled .
every goddamn thing .
` ` havily , there 's one thing i have to do first . ''
he needed the death vamp to attack , but the pretty - boy was fixed on the woman and the last thing he wanted was to end up chasing the bastard through the air .
jesus , the pain of the whole damn thing started at his feet , flowed up his legs , hit his abdomen , and twisted his stomach into a knot .
` ` except for one small thing .
christ , this whole thing kept getting more and more complicated .
the pleasure she had experienced in bonding with her own identified sword and battling kerrick because she had his muscle memory in her body , well , all of that was one thing .
something flipped him over then the last thing he saw was luken 's ham - like fist flying at his face .
` ` the next thing i knew , there they were . ''
` ` do you go out , snap photos of woodlands , that kind of thing ? ''
for one thing , she could n't let her enthrallment shield down completely without inviting another attack and for another , if the ancient fae was really after her , then what was she going to do long - term ?
i want you to feel my love , batya , that this is n't a small thing for me .
and one more thing , i know you need to feed .
until we get this thing sorted with ry , you 'll be safer in bergisson than here and since it appears you ' ve just discovered tonight that you have fae blood , i can try to make contact with merhaine and bring vojalie to stay at my house as well .
the one thing finn would never understand was what it felt like to be a mastyr vampire , what level of responsibility came with that title .
he 'd meant to say the whole thing in more diplomatic terms , but even the thought of another mastyr getting near samantha , caused his fists to ball up and his biceps to twitch .
the last thing i remember was a burst of light . ''
he would become irritable with finn or his realm - rule and she 'd argue with him about why he left his deodorant sitting on the bathroom sink , all those little things that robbed a relationship of its magic and mystery in that thing called life , whether long - lived or not .
` ` my personal frequency is a very different thing .
` ` well , one thing is for sure , you ca n't keep doing that .
making a home of her own was yet again another thing she had never got around to .
if the fact that she had left was the only thing bothering him , then she could resolve that straight away .
but there was a little development in this whole thing tonight .
the only thing gwenna could feel the least bit reassured about was that ringo killed for money , not malice .
we have many , many things to discuss , '' he said , french arrogance back in place .
in fact , nothing is my thing , okay ?
that and the last couple hundred years of avoiding female companionship had left him feeling like an idiot with the whole nurturing thing .
` ` he has tunnel visionfocuses on one thing and ignores everything else .
` ` oh , and one more thing before you go . ''
` ` you know , you might want to take that sort of thing to your room , '' a voice said .
clearly , sex was n't the first thing on her mind .
so do n't read too much into that sexual tingling thing . ''
she was naked under there , and that was the important thing .
we ' ve got this couple thing in the bag . ''
` ` it ez not a big thing .
he pulled the platinum band out of his pocket , relieved he could say the words without botching the whole thing .
i knew my dad was stressing about the whole thing , sure i was going to collapse into juvenile angst over his girlfriend , but while i kept waiting to resent it , so far i did n't seem to really care .
she seemed to be wondering the same thing herself because she was worrying the whole walk .
i was feeling decidedly less generous about the whole thing .
i felt wise and philosophical about the whole thing .
hate was a strong word , but dad definitely was n't in a happy place about the whole thing .
so the only thing still unresolved was where i was going to stay for a week in the gap between when i had to leave my dorm and when i could take over a sublet on an apartment june first .
i was trying to be casual about the whole thing , but then i realized that this was a perfect opportunity to lay down a rule of my own .
i spun around and saw that his hand was the only thing preventing the entire back of my hair from touching wet paint .
it had to be a point a to point b to point c kind of thing , but if he could even mentally cross that bridge , even to tease me , well , that made me shift even closer to him , a girly glow settling over me .
the only thing they flipped through were the channels on the tv .
if i just focused on one thing at a time , i could function .
so either clear the air or drop the whole thing . ''
who comes during actual missionary position sex with zero foreplay first thing in the morning ?
grief was a private thing , and i was n't sure if i would be intruding or not .
school was n't really my thing . ''
now the other thing ...
it just was n't her thing .
it was the first thing in three weeks that did n't taste like cardboard .
well , i 'll be fat before you know it , '' she said , but she sounded pretty cheerful about the whole thing .
for the whole thing . ''
which could be damn awkward , because he could n't remember a bleeding thing .
whether his memory of cher en masse was accurate or not , one thing was for certain ; he was n't letting cupcake out of his sight until he got the truth .
he did n't argue that , but he did bring up the very thing that had troubled her for the moment it happened .
god knows he had an mo for that sort of thing .
maybe because she was realizing that it was a fortunate thing they were vampires , because neither one of them was ever going to need to use the toilet like a mortal would .
` ` then maybe it 's a good thing you canceled your flight . ''
everybody had their thing , and he was n't going to be embarrassed .
yet another thing she did n't want to think about .
okay , she could admit that was a weird concept , but for some reason the whole idea of being married to cort was the thing foremost on her mind .
this was n't her thing .
` ` well that 's one thing we can fix right now . ''
but one thing she did n't doubt .
yeah , that was the last thing he wanted to think about right now .
one thing is for sure , i 'd definitely keep her in my bed for a good long time .
but there was one thing she wanted to get to quickly now , and that was his bed .
but he had n't really thought the whole thing through .
` ` the whole thing ?
next thing i know , you 'll probably be stopping people on the street to discuss my hemorrhoids . ''
that 's the most important thing we need to think about . ''
it was one more thing to stress over .
it was a lot of little things and it was one big thing .
it was a lot of little things and it was one big thing .
but now he 'd been presented with new information that was so amazing , so pleasing , so fantastic , he had n't been able to think about a single other thing all goddamn day .
next thing he knew he was making a meal out of her , listening to her soft moans of enthusiasm drift over him , urging him on .
though he does n't have a fan page for his penis , so i do feel better about the whole thing . ''
was the whole thing just a way to hone his skills of seduction ?
his kiss took her in , dragged her under , lifted her up and out of herself to where the only thing that mattered was her , him , and the way he made her body come alive with desire .
forget the other thing .
there were too many things to think about , to dissect , compartmentalize , and the most obvious place to begin was with marie .
they would just have to patch things up later , when marley was gone from this place , when alex ditched lizzie and she wanted her big sister again , like she always did .
he was n't sure why he did n't just let the whole thing drop .
definitely not her thing .
though looking around , she was starting to wonder what was her thing .
i ca n't leave this kind of thing on a doorstep .
he was so close to her , the only thing that separated them was the bag of take - out food in his hand .
it all seemed glossy and shiny , strange and crisp , like she was inside a painting , like the wall behind him was a canvas that could shift at any moment , like the only thing that she could trust in as being real was the feel of his shoulders beneath her fingers , the smell of his cologne , the hard press of the piano in her back , and the touch of his mouth on her desperate , overstimulated , agonized body .
gabriel could n't believe alex was so nonchalant about the whole thing .
not that it took up any space really , but it was the segue he 'd been looking for , a way to reassure her his addictions were a thing of the past .
` ` it 's probably a good thing you 're not drinking coffee .
just one more thing she needed to worry about , being sucked into her walk - in closet and disappearing into the world of the dead .
i expelled air through my nose , frustrated that he brought up ethan first thing .
i dropped my knees to the bed , completely furious that he was acting like i was just being a pathetic little girl while he had n't done a thing wrong .
` ` it was a last minute thing . ''
in fact , you are so not annoying that i want to talk to you , which is why the whole dishwashing thing was annoying .
but the whole small talk thing ?
the one thing he did n't have to worry about was someone local reporting his movements to online media sites .
he looked uncertain about the whole thing , but he helped the woman set the boxes down on the floor as the man put the tree into a stand .
` ` there is one thing , though . ''
he did n't recall shelby being shy about the whole thing the first time they 'd met .
it had been well over a year since she 'd been in the house , and at the time she had n't even noticed he had n't changed a thing , but for some reason now it landed on her like a tipped cow .
` ` just one thing , though .
` ` it 's a casual kind of thing . ''
and she regretted that she 'd been such a weenie about the whole thing the night before .
the last thing she 'd wanted was to hurt him , but she had to be honest , here and now before they both starting spinning fantasies about working things out .
he could have handled this whole shopping thing himself .
everything tilted and shifted , and the only thing that mattered now was that she had a granddaughter .
about the only thing that might be relevant was the knowledge that he had aggressive sperm , and that when women tell you they 're on the pill , an extra measure of security should still be taken .
when he had problems , he usually dug in and stuck it out , thinking it through , taking things nice and slow until they either worked themselves out , he worked them out , or he discovered they had n't needed working out in the first place .
but amanda figured the important thing was that piper had heard her , really listened , and hopefully knew that she would be here when piper did want to take that big step .
just impatience and a haughty look like she wanted to be done with the whole thing .
` ` damn , it 's a good thing i ' m not staying here long . ''
you do n't need to go into detail now about the whole thing .
it 's a family thing . ''
hell , the whole hana thing is n't really my business .
i guess i ' m just a little upset things had to end the way they did , but at least it was a mutual thing . ''
` ` if i can grab it , then it 's my kinda thing . ''
is my ass your kinda thing ?
once upon a time , when everything was simple and the biggest thing we had to worry about was whether or not we could sneak in past curfew without getting caught .
` ` it 's a good thing i was on my way to check on you boys anyway .
both of them , both of my girls , wrapped in my arms first thing in the morning .
yeah , yeah , the paragliding thing .
` ` the only thing on my mind around her is when i ' m gon na do her , where i ' m gon na do her , and how many times i ' m gon na do her . ''
` ` it was a spur of the moment thing , angel . ''
maybe it 's a good thing he knows that now , '' he says sarcastically .
yeah , sorry , i kinda failed on the whole ' do n't fall for him ' thing .
we never did get to the work thing ... ` ` okay .
it wo n't change a goddamn thing ! ''
honestly , i ' m a little inclined to believe her on the hopeless thing .
this is another thing that does n't feel right without cam .
because of course she 's wearing a skirt and the only thing separating us is her underwear , my underwear , and my jeans .
` ` funny , i was wondering the same thing . ''
my life , the way i ' ve been dealing with that night , is one thing i can change .
when you fight over every little thing , you know you 're truly in love .
given that jackson , my ex - manager , is my number one man crush for , like , ever , behaving is the last thing on my mind tonight .
` ` no , the ring thing . ''
` ` i- '' ` ` love to fight me on every little f**king thing , '' he finishes with a smirk .
and do n't come back until you have the whole f**king thing sorted out . ' ''
it was an impulse thing . ''
he drove out first thing this morning and that 's that .
tyler 's lips pull up on one side , and the next thing i know , he 's wrapping one arm around my back and sweeping the other behind my knees .
` ` it 's a good thing you 're a better model than you are actress , '' day says softly .
how am i supposed to say out loud that it 's not the sex thing that bothers me , but the fact that he 'll be there all the time ?
from the flushing of my cheeks to the parting of my lips and the obvious rise and fall of my chest , he does n't miss a thing .
it 's one less thing for you to worry about . ''
every little thing .
` ` i had thought we could use this time to talk some things through , but i ' m realizing this is n't the time or the place to go into that after all .
` ` i ' m starting to groove on the whole kilt thing if that 's what you want .
that 's the only thing i care about .
but hey , one thing at a time .
` ` let 's call this whole thing off now . ''
we decided to spice things up , be spontaneous , role - play ... '' she shook her head , willing another blush up her cheeks .
at first i thought it was a money thing , but the more i listened , the more i got the feeling it was about affecting the balance of power . ''
although one thing was damn certain .
` ` write me up if you need to , but i would n't change a thing . ''
` ` i was thinking more of the life - and - death thing , but whatever . ''
sure enough , if he let sex or love into the mix , he would screw the whole thing up .
right now she did n't feel in control of a thing .
and at the moment , the most important thing was keeping people alive .
and one thing was certain : wade rocha was a brick - headed , sexy , loyal - to - the - end kind of man who 'd taken her whole heart .
aside from how damn tragic the whole thing is , dr . vasquez has got to be swamped with his son 's medical bills on the salary of an untenured assistant professor .
sophie was right in one thing .
they had agreed on one thing .
hospitals would never be her favorite place to visit , but she had more important things on her mind than fears that wanted to rob her of a future .
such men would never be a true temptation to her heart since the last thing she wanted was a life on the edge .
now he focused on one thing .
she let me use this place once when i needed to get away , sort some things out in my head . ''
next thing you know , shops were selling t - shirts with bright purple rays shooting from a flying saucer . ''
if you 're stupid enough to leave your place open like that , how can you blame a guy for checking things out ? ''
` ` the next thing i knew , i had to buy a curio cabinet to display them . ''
he kissed her again , and the next thing he knew , finally , finally they were naked .
got ta make sure it 's not an impulse thing .
the only thing that mattered now other than keeping his crew alive .
` ` fine , it 's no big thing . ''
` ` no big thing . ''
okay , this was a life - or - death sort of thing .
i just let the music resonate through me , and the next thing i knew , i was joining in . ''
he did know one thing for certain .
` ` oh , johanna , one last thing . ''
` ` first thing .
` ` just a thing ?
i ' m not some young thing to get all fluttery . ''
` ` the only thing i need to know is if you 're in love with me , too . ''
the only people who want to blow me up are enemies overseas and it 's not a personal thing , ya know ? ''
she remembered well her own frustration with how long it took to get back up to speed with simple tasks like cooking a meal without needing a nap - which then meant reheating the darn meal if the whole thing was n't ruined by the time she woke up .
and about the lap thing ... '' she swallowed hard .
we ' ve already got things rolling with david reis so here 's a good place to start .
she scrolled through the evening , getting ready to go to beachcombers bar and grill for the live music - and a neutral place to break things off with gary .
the important thing is that you deal with it . ''
` ` i had the whole thing planned .
and she 'd put off long enough discussing the most important thing of all .
because one thing was certain .
she knelt on the floor , sweeping her hand over the scattered petals as if to rebuild the evening and handle things better this time .
` ` no big thing .
guy thing , i guess . ''
next thing we know , you 'll be passing out leis and discount booklets . ''
he sure did have a way of taking the sting out of saying he could live in the same house with her and not do a thing about it .
next thing he knew a horn was honking and cobra was heckling the hell out of him .
however , one thing was certain .
` ` well , there is just one thing . ''
` ` about that one thing i intend to change , '' she whispered against his mouth , lifting his left hand from her back , her thumb brushing over his ring finger .
and the next thing he knew , they were kissing again .
keeping things low - key for his son had been the last thing on his mind when j.t .
woman thing . ''
` ` sleep deprivation has a way of making us all turn morbid without solving a thing . ''
that was the last thing on her mind .
next thing he knew , his boot jammed itself in the porch latticework while he hauled himself up .
parting with enough encouragement to assure him he had n't misread a thing here .
the past blended with the present , too many such confrontations with his father hammering his memory at a time when the last thing he wanted was to think of his old man currently dead in the ground .
he might be confused about a boatload of things at the moment , but he knew one thing for certain .
next thing he knew , he had the ring out of his pocket and was n't sure who was more shocked , him or mary elise .
` ` about the drink thing .
we 'll make it a platonic thing .
with any other flyer , she would have shrugged the whole thing off while helping him into his boxers .
damn it , he would make all the time in the world for the case , after he got one thing settled .
` ` sir , we managed to work together on one thing . ''
control had become a thing of the past around kathleen , anyway .
` ` one last thing , though . ''
` ` yes , colonel , please do enlighten us , because i ' ve been wondering the same thing . ''
the only predictable thing about hillary was her unpredictability , and for a smart guy used to figuring things out at least twenty - five steps ahead of the rest of the world , he was enjoying the hell out of the unending surprises she doled out .
that leaves a mark on the way we deal with things . ''
` ` it 's a female thing , '' he explained .
whether the pregnancy had been a mistake or part of a grander plan nobody knew for sure , but one thing was certain .
` ` and you ' ve both got good reason , but right now the only thing i care about is clearing the general 's name .
` ` just one thing , '' he said .
` ` one more thing , '' hunter said .
but things always fall into place .
one thing for sure , if she ever truly ran short on money , she could hock the clothes in her closet and baubles around her neck and probably live well for the rest of her life .
ty tried not to let his tone change when discussing his mother but the first thing that came to his mind was the cash deal flo benson had made with marc dumont .
next thing he knew , digger bolted toward him , with lilly stumbling behind her dog .
she grinned and next thing she knew , he 'd pulled her on top of him .
` ` dr . sanford said she was light - headed in the movie theater and next thing he knew , she 'd passed out on the floor .
` ` one more little thing .
` ` i just want to go over some things at home and we can meet first thing monday morning and discuss strategy , '' she said .
another thing she 'd have to try and resolve on this solitary trip .
can we just drop the whole thing ?
it would n't have changed a damn thing .
such a tiny little thing .
yet another thing for janine to cope with .
but i wanted it to be the last thing you dealt with , not the first .
` ` there 's one more thing , '' she said , when he remained silent .
the last thing she wanted was to bring more scandal down on her father now .
he remembered everything in her file , but one thing most of all .
` ` one thing before we check things out . ''
` ` your huge , curious eyes for one thing .
he thought of his father in icu - the iv and other tubes poking and prodding him , and the smile on his weary face when doug had left to hunt down this story - and he knew one thing for sure .
another thing to discuss with doug , along with her newfound feelings .
contentedness reigned and she had no desire to change a thing until the ringing of the telephone jarred her , bringing her out of her blissful state .
but one thing was more painful than the rest .
the one thing that would keep him at arm 's length now and maybe for good .
he expected sleep to come immediately , but he lay awake with one thing on his mind .
stopping was the last thing on his mind .
work was the last thing on his mind .
one thing for sure , milk stains would n't be anywhere near his designer clothing .
although they 'd put off the harder discussions last night one thing had been clear .
` ` after we settle one thing . ''
it had taken him a week of sleepless nights to figure out the one thing that would cement their lives together at last - at least he hoped so .
i ' m going , but one thing first . ''
he and sam had shown up at joe 's bar , they 'd flirted , he 'd bought her drinks , he 'd walked her to her car , and the next thing she knew , she 'd agreed to let him follow her home and take her - not just to bed but wherever he damn well pleased .
although those sensual memories had been a welcome distraction from worrying about sam , the last thing she wanted to be thinking about was the man who was now her boss .
next thing he knew , his hands slipped from her waist beneath her shirt , his fingertips grazing the silken skin on her back .
next thing she knew , he 'd grabbed her hand and walked up the steep incline to street level .
` ` i learned early on , the only thing that matters is whether a person can keep their word .
` ` this is the last thing .
next thing she knew , he could n't keep his hands off her - and vice versa .
two very different concepts , and her head was spinning , but one thing stood out .
` ` one more thing before i go .
the one thing you should learn ?
one thing was for sure - she looked ... happy .
at joe 's , surrounded by friends , erin could only focus on one thing .
i ca n't see him , knowing it 's over ... but there are some practical things i need to take care of before he leaves . ''
kelly handling things would let erin hang on to the one thing she had left of herself .
one more thing , he thought , drawing a deep breath .
the one thing that had concerned nicole about moving here was being mistaken for her twin .
another thing . ''
but there was one thing they needed to get straight now .
they dated and next thing i knew they got engaged .
but he had the scary feeling that the only thing that mattered was the fact that it was nicole selflessly giving him all those things , at a time when he should have remained focused on her .
` ` believe whatever you want , but you 're right about one thing .
yet the paper had been the last thing on his mind when he 'd had rina in his arms .
the one thing he had n't been able to bring up was the subject of corinne and the paper , since rina had dominated the conversation with stories of her childhood christmases .
the article was the furthest thing from her mind .
the column was the last thing on her mind .
she let her fingers travel to the waistband of his pants , and next thing he knew , he was kicking the trousers aside .
another thing they should have discussed before tying the knot .
` ` you go on and do n't worry about a thing here . ''
once jake got norton to his favorite patch of grass , he gave the order his sister had explained would take care of things fast .
the next thing she knew his lips were on hers - or had her lips come to his ?
the only thing that mattered was brianne , and when jake got his hands on her , he was going to kill her .
but he had emma to answer to for one thing , his conscience for another .
` ` next thing i know you 'll tell me you can make it snow in summer , '' she mused .
` ` there is one thing i 'd like to get clear first . ''
one more thing he wanted to change in her life .
a silly little thing , but just feeling him that close caused an answering need to soar through her .
the last thing he wanted to do was give catherine a way out of his life .
last thing he needed was to embarrass himself before things even got started .
cooking 's not my thing .
next thing she knew , she was back in his arms as he carried her to the front door .
` ` not a single thing , '' she assured him .
the thing she hated talking about .
at that moment , dare 's hand on her arm as he escorted her outside was the only thing that mattered .
with a low growl , he headed for her room , and next thing she knew he laid her down on the bed .
next thing she knew , he 'd lifted her up and placed her inside the shower , joining her in the enclosed steamy area .
so here he was , working on the one thing he knew would show liza he accepted her , family and all .
another thing for which she owed richard kane , her job , working for him as a paralegal , in downtown serendipity .
` ` another thing i wish i had the answer to .
oh , one more thing ? ''
next thing she knew , he broke the kiss .
` ` i got a job with the news journal , '' lissa said , addressing the only thing that seemed real to her at the moment .
oh , and one more thing ?
well , they were all right about one thing only .
` ` yeah , well , that 's another thing i thought we could talk about ? ''
there 's just one more thing . ''
it was one thing to see gabrielle again , to realize she still had that punch - in - the - gut impact on him .
if she knew about the curse , that was one less thing he 'd have to explain to her when she got older .
next thing you know , the landlord invokes some clause in their lease to increase their rent . ''
it was obvious to derek that someone wanted to send her a message - and they were n't going to let a little thing like distance stop them .
gabrielle had always loved sex , especially with him , but when they were younger , it had always been a fast , missionary kind of thing .
` ` for one thing , i did n't know those friends of yours from adam , so i was n't telling them anything . ''
protection had been the last thing on her mind and it should have been first .
` ` but we 'll never know because you did n't trust me with the first big thing that came up . ''
mike also opted not to ask what stinky pete 's toy was , figuring it was another thing he was better off not knowing .
` ` it 's a good thing you asked me to come .
` ` the only thing we talked about was how i wanted eddie to help me look for a new place for my shop .
another thing to tack on to her to do list .
` ` plumbing 's not my thing , unfortunately .
next thing you know , the landlord invokes a clause in the lease that increased their rent and forced them out of business . ''
she said he could n't hide a thing if he wanted to . ''
` ` my former agent 's on top of things while i ' m out of the country .
another thing he never mentioned to me .
their lips were inches apart and only one thing separated them , annabelle thought .
next thing i know she 's buying little items just in case . ''
` ` then it 's a good thing you know where to find me tonight , is n't it ? ''
it looked like her interest in nick was the real thing , vaughn thought .
now she had one other thing to address with them .
he had financial statements to go through , he would have to put thousands of his personal money into the lodge to keep it afloat , and yet the only thing on his mind was annabelle .
` ` promise to think about one thing for me .
to prove it , i 'd do anything you asked of me except for one thing .
he wanted to do the right thing , the chivalrous thing , and stop her before things got out of control .
she did n't consider herself better than anyone else , but he was right about one thing .
as much as i do n't want this baby to be mine , i 'd hate to think she 'd outright lie about something like this '' ` ` with your finances , that 's the first thing you need to consider '' his father stopped and shoved his hands in his front pants pockets .
` ` you nailed the other thing i ' ve been thinking about .
next thing i know , the phone rings and it 's mom asking me to bail them out . ''
sophie asked , ignoring work for the most important thing : family .
` ` the first thing is , do n't bother trying to step in between the sisters .
` ` can we agree on one thing ?
but one thing became clear as she stood in a room surrounded by uncle yank , lola , her sisters and her new brothers - in - law .
she had n't had to worry about fixing things for herself , which was a good thing , because she was a hazard in the kitchen .
i take it cooking 's not your thing ? ''
this is the big thing .
it looks as if you have everything covered except for one thing . ''
but just one more thing ?
but i think i have it under control ... except for one teensy little thing , '' the other woman said .
next thing she knew , harrison had called his assistant and the news had hit the press .
but micki was right about one thing .
this gym proposal was probably the only thing roper had pushed aside and refused to discuss - proof he 'd already been taking a stand even before amy had entered his life .
the only thing i wanted to improve was our relationship , and for her to realize how much she meant to me , but that was n't really something i could quantify .
` ` she does want to be with you , that 's the thing .
the only thing on my mind was the sound of skates clapping against the ice and that the goalie was still recovering from a pulled hamstring .
` ` it 's a good thing i was n't just getting into the shower , '' she said as soon as we were out in the hallway .
he was probably leaving evidence in the form of hickeys on my neck , but that was the last thing on my mind as he kissed the spot where my breast swelled out from my chest and then downward , avoiding my nipple .
there was one thing i wanted to ask her about and that was the scar that cut horizontally right around the area of her bikini line .
this really was n't the kind of thing i wanted to talk about via text , or at all , but i knew lot would n't let it go until we 'd hashed this out .
i 'd seen will when he had a cold , and he definitely got pretty dramatic about the whole thing .
i 'd been embarrassed about the whole thing as well , and then i 'd gotten pregnant , which really made me not want to talk to him .
one thing was for sure - it did n't look like a typical college crash pad .
i threw in movie reviews every now and then on my blog just to spice things up .
next thing i knew , someone was shaking my shoulder .
we had the entire class period to complete the assignment , so i got out my notebook and a pen and tried to figure something that i could write so i could just complete the damn thing .
` ` shh , that 's the kind of thing we do n't talk about in front of everyone , '' taylor said , sitting back down on the couch .
it was good i had the dusty thing to worry about already , so the new - job thing was pushed aside .
i never thought you were ... '' this thing had spiraled out of control , and i was starting to get a little pissed .
` ` for another thing , what we have on him now is shaky and years - old .
but he 'd felt like he needed to do it as thomas brown , incognito , because the last thing t. paxton brown needed was for the press to get wind of it .
strangely , though , instead of being focused on his escort - and , my , but was n't she a tiny thing , too ?
or if they did think about such a thing , it was in terms of conventional warfare .
adrian had a thing for her , too , but his thing was considerably less noble and considerably more ribald than michael 's thing .
adrian had a thing for her , too , but his thing was considerably less noble and considerably more ribald than michael 's thing .
and it was yet another thing that had cemented his decision to leave .
what worried her was that , at the moment , looking at thomas brown , her personal safety was the last thing on her mind .
but michael had one more thing he needed to do before he could call it a night .
` ` for one thing , deedee 's not my friend .
but he waited before loosening any more , apparently wanting to take this thing slowly , in case she was still a little , oh , homicidal .
far be it from opus to let a little thing like an innocent human being stand in the way of getting their man .
for another thing , he could n't see her succumbing to such juvenile behavior , in spite of being the youngest of the three nesbitt offspring .
why would she even wonder about such a thing ?
the last thing she wanted was to end up in the virtual bedroom with andrew / adrian while dixon was looking over her shoulder , close enough that she could feel his warm breath on the back of her neck and smell the clean soapy fragrance of him .
and right when things had been getting steamy , too , tanner had been sorry to see when he went to prepare the transcript first thing next morning .
well , except maybe one thing .
the only thing dixon could give consideration to was how much he wanted to nibble that lip himself .
and even though the assignment was the last thing avery wanted to talk about at the moment , the look on his face made her pause .
` ` um , sounds great , '' marnie said flatly , not wanting to encourage him - especially since fantasy novels really were n't her thing .
marnie would bet good money that was n't the only thing that had them concerned .
several things clicked into place for marnie in that moment .
but there was one thing of which she was absolutely certain .
in fact , one thing in particular had sort of gotten even more enthusiastic .
it occurred to marnie - too late - that maybe she really had n't thought this thing through when she agreed to take the job .
and for god 's sake , ellie , she told herself , why is that the thing that 's bothering you the most right now ?
and it will be the most important thing in the world to me .
strangely , the one thing they had n't discussed was their upbringings with their individual parents .
the most important thing you need to know - at least , this was the most important thing to me - is that your ... our father loved our mother .
in fact , they made clear to me that this is the only thing on your agenda right now and to take all the time we needed . ''
so i need to wrap this thing up before then .
even for so small a thing .
whoever he was , joel had some things to unpack and set up in their apartment , and he wanted to familiarize himself with the area around vine street .
but before he could even get a handle on the thoughts tumbling through his brain , lila had things firmly in hand , curving her palm deeper between his legs , cupping him possessively before dragging her fingers along his hard length again .
not that that kind of thing is all that important to me .
and only after her connection to joel was severed would she stop thinking about things like grocery lists and appliances and coffee in bed .
it 's probably not the kind of thing you want to talk about , huh ? ''
it was just one more thing joel and lila were going to need to figure out .
there is one thing , though , '' he added .
` ` there 's one other thing , too , '' lila said .
the only thing left to decide now is whether or not opus gets their virus , and whether or not iris and i will be free . ''
she frowned - rather ferociously for such a small thing .
the last thing he wanted was to be in debt to his brother - in - law .
that was the main thing , artemis reminded herself late that afternoon as she trailed phoebe from shop to shop .
she ought to have daniels take the whole thing down and start over , but she had n't the time - it was already five past eight .
moulder had patched him up the night before , muttering all the while that the wound was but a tiny thing , hardly worth the effort .
that she could be selfish in this one thing : no one else could ever see him like this .
you always were such a sensitive boy , reading too much into every little thing and making yourself sick over all possible ramifications .
for one thing , she knew most of those who would be attending the ball : the very cream of london society , including her brother thomas and his wife .
he was probably making the whole thing too complicated .
the only good thing about his mercurial moods was that he might grow bored of this ` ` contest '' and give up the whole thing before it was too late .
and there was one more thing he must do .
the whole thing came down to control : mr . o'connor wanted to have her at his supper table simply to show that he could make her do as he wished .
` ` well , no matter how he came here , one thing is for certain .
and now there was one more thing that held him here .
putting bran on that ship had been the last thing that had gone simply .
there was one thing he did wish he could change , though .
the whole thing was too complicated for words , and , in any case , the scarlet bedroom would have to do for now .
stopping was the very last thing on her mind .
by the time alistair rose that morning , it was later than usual , a result of a night spent making love to helen - which , all things considered , was a wonderfully satisfactory turn of events .
after that , the only thing left had been the calling of the banns and various purchases and arrangements made for the upcoming blissful nuptials .
he 'd thought the whole thing over , the past dead and buried , if not forgotten .
lord vale 's shoulders were one of her favorite things about him , but her new husband 's physique did n't seem quite the thing to discuss with her maid .
but melisande hated having anyone , even someone as innocuous as suchlike , know such an intimate thing .
did n't seem quite the thing .
jasper had been worried about this very thing since night had begun to fall .
` ` why , miss suchlike , i 'd be happy to help answer your questions , but i think there is one thing we must do first . ''
that alliance would be very suitable , and since jane 's older sister , eliza , had already accepted the hand of mr . hampton , things were falling into place quite neatly .
` ` yes , that 's probably the first thing he thinks about when he wakes in the morning .
quite the contrary , it lay arrogant and half - erect as if willing to do the whole thing over .
how could she not think about such a fundamental thing , even in the heat of passion ?
but it would have been an exotic thing , something special to be savored and thought about for days afterward .
there was only one thing he had to resolve , and then they could quit this damn island and go home .
or were there more sinister undertones to the whole thing ?
that was one less thing to worry about at least .
` ` well , that 's one less thing to worry about . ''
maybe she 'd been looking at this age thing the wrong way , because sweet lord , talk about stamina .
he must have passed out , because the next thing he knew , that rank liquid - what the f**k was that ? -splashed his face , filled his nostrils , and caused his eyelids to fly open .
but isabel 's problem was that she refused to deal with a damn thing .
` ` seriously , can we discuss the one thing we should be concerned about and not the most unimportant detail of the evening ? ''
` ` do n't worry about a thing , okay ?
i dropped the whistle , and the next thing i knew , this man was dragging me into the alley next to the club . ''
` ` there 's one other thing .
the only thing any of us should be worrying about right now is how to get those girls out of blanco 's compound safely .
` ` yeah , that 's another thing , '' trevor said , wrinkling his forehead in concern .
i ' m left standing there wanting to rant at him some more , but phoebe 's in front of me , and the only thing she wants to talk about is holt .
i could n't hear exactly what they were saying , but the next thing i know , mom 's crying and dad 's yelling at ethan to get out .
i turned and hurried away before i became too disturbed by his revelation , before i thought too much about it and decided the last thing i wanted was to step foot in there with him and his ex - intended .
the most important thing was still her safety and keeping her alive .
the only thing that mattered right now was killing them .
and the thing i wanted most right now was to fight , to kill , and to destroy every single one of the things that had ruined all of our lives .
things were good between us , sweet and caring , and simple .
houses may very well be a thing of the past ; the forest would regain the wood it had lost over the years , animals would be the new residents of homes .
i felt as if i was just seeing him for the first time , who was this person that was so undeniably angry over such a small thing ?
` ` i think that 's the most important thing .
` ` jonas there , '' ian continued , ` ` he pulls himself inside and sits up top of the windowsill with his knife in his teeth and then does some kind of circus maneuver and the next thing we know he 's hanging upside down from the ceiling and telling us to get the hell out of there , that he 's got us covered . ''
` ` the next thing we know , we ' ve stirred up a hornet 's nest and we ' ve got everyone and their mothers shooting at us , '' sam continued .
she wanted sam to just walk away from her and let her sort the entire thing out .
the forest and outdoors had always brought him a semblance of peace , but having azami in his life had changed his perspective on things .
` ` it 's not like i have a lot of friends and now that violet 's back in the fold , things are n't going to go well for me .
i just am not savvy enough about this kind of thing . ''
mack was many things , but he was seldom wrong about this kind of thing .
not a thing , boss .
so , exactly not the kind of thing you often are asked for in security questions like , ' your mother 's maiden name , ' ' your favorite pet 's name'- that sort of thing .
and the final two words are used to describe why it was traumatic , like ' terrified me , ' that sort of thing . ''
he knew she was doing it for him , but he could believe her when she looked at him like that , as if bringing him pleasure was the most important thing in her world .
she made him believe that she enjoyed giving him pleasure , that at that moment in her life , bringing him absolute pleasure was the most important thing in her world .
and one more thing , mack .
things were clicking into place , and the door in her mind creaked ominously , threatening her sanity .
` ` let 's just take one thing at a time .
things clicked into place for her .
` ` he 's a bartender , and believe me , jesse , he 's not worth the trouble , so back it on down and forget the whole thing .
` ` it 's a good thing i ' m not sensitive . ''
this was the real thing , not something made up to appease him .
they would know how deep his feelings for saber really went , but at that moment the only thing that mattered to him was keeping her safe .
and i ' m making some progress with the other thing , enough to think there 's hope .
all the anger , all the fury , as rational as it had been , covered the one thing that she feared most .
i honestly do n't know if it 's a minor thing that does n't really matter and will never harm her , but it 's just not right . ''
the only thing that really mattered in that moment was saving patsy 's life .
i can ask flame , she 's a genius with this kind of thing , but i would n't count on getting much more .
for one thing , aside from having never done it , i have to learn all kinds of little details .
she needed to focus on only one thing .
sex is a big thing to you .
the only thing you need to be worrying about is keeping the baby safe . ''
as briony came up on what appeared to be a giant tangle of blackberry bushes , it suddenly occurred to her that ken was n't comfortable around others any more than jack was , but for his brother 's sake he pushed himself to deal with the everyday things in life .
and do n't think we 're finished talking about the marriage thing . ''
` ` because you 're a dumb shit and you 're f**king every thing up , '' rick snarled .
` ` everything but the one thing that mattered . ''
it was a small thing , but it brought her pleasure , and that was all that mattered to him .
mostly things that have to do with submarines and new weapons , things they should n't have in the first place .
mostly things that have to do with submarines and new weapons , things they should n't have in the first place .
a small thing , but the gesture told him a great deal without words .
because right now , kissing you seems the most important thing in the world . ''
` ` it 's probably a good thing i met you .
with all the practice lily had made the ghostwalkers do , such a minor thing did n't even cause headaches anymore .
dahlia went for the roof , the safest place she could think of while she sorted things out .
and that was just one more thing separating them .
` ` the one thing that matters is family .
he focused on one thing .
` ` one more thing to worry about .
but they would survive , and that was the important thing .
there was such beauty surrounding his farm and he was a man who most of the time was far too busy to notice such things , but not at dawn .
` ` the thing you have to know about each sange rau is where they came from , what they were before they mixed blood .
` ` i do n't have that answer , and at this point , we have to deal with one thing at a time .
` ` the next thing we know , josef is going to go into fashion design . ''
one more thing , skyler .
branka , if things go wrong , i would take you with me to a place i have no knowledge of .
he was a man of small details and the only thing different was that the necklace had dropped onto the floor .
now , back to that personal thing ... '' rick rocked back on his heels .
the next thing i knew , someone was calling out to me and i heard the sounds of sirens . ''
` ` one more thing , miss gardner , '' spear said when his partner stood .
` ` so , if cars are n't your thing ... what is ? ''
what the hell kind of a thing ? ''
` ` it 's not a thing like you 're thinking , '' karen added .
` ` one more thing ... who is major blayney 's superior ? ''
the last thing neil needed was a civilian f**king things up .
they deal with this kind of thing all the time . ''
` ` you 're ignoring one thing that proves you 're the perfect wife for me . ''
there was one thing that harry was n't .
zod started barking and the next thing i know i was on the ground with this . ''
not just a mom , although she knew deep down inside that being a mom was the most important thing in her life .
his six - year - old mind was already on to the next thing .
the last thing he wanted was her disappearing into the night .
` ` one more thing , '' gorman said before hanging up .
` ` golf - playing doctors ... not my thing . ''
one thing for sure , my work wo n't get in the way . ''
` ` there 's one thing ... only one thing , '' trent said in his best cowboy voice .
` ` there 's one thing ... only one thing , '' trent said in his best cowboy voice .
but the whole thing stinks .
for a little thing , she was n't intimidated by men twice her size .
considering the amount of drywall that would have to come down , it was a good thing she did n't delay her arrival .
and wearing makeup when it was only the two of them became a thing of the past .
they had argued about the rent thing but , in the end , katie won .
` ` yeah ... one thing .
for a woman who understood four - hundred - dollar dinners in five - star restaurants and whose shoe collection alone could feed a small country ... it was the small things she was taking pleasure in now .
` ` seems like a personal thing to share . ''
you think everything went great and next thing you know your drunk ass is dancing naked on youtube with some chick you do n't even remember . ''
` ` i guess it 's a good thing we 're not dating , then . ''
` ` navigation is a big thing right now .
` ` i ' m not sure about the naked thing , though . ''
` ` ah , what naked thing ? ''
` ` it 's a good thing you 're talking about someone who does n't exist in this time , or i 'd have to haul you all in , '' jake took a swig from his beer and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand .
` ` it 's a good thing my family is not here . ''
` ` oh , tara , one more thing .
` ` the last thing you need to think about right now is what i am wearing . ''
plumbing is a boy thing . ''
` ` well , you 're awake now and that 's the important thing .
it 's instantly apparent to me that dinner tonight will be a big deal thing .
why does every freaking thing have to come back to that ?
it 's my thing , really .
out of all of it , though , one thing stood out as most troubling .
such a silly thing to focus on .
because you have to know that you 're the most important thing to me , finn .
the light blurs into one large color , and i think of one last thing before there 's nothing more .
but i have to , because i know that 's the most important thing .
chills run down my spine and i glance around for signs that someone else might be near in case i need help with this thing .
he is the only thing that matters in this moment and i focus on his face .
` ` well , that 's the important thing , '' i answer .
from his stricken face , i know that he saw the entire thing .
i heard a loud engine and the next thing i knew , i was on the ground .
that had been the furthest thing from her mind .
at his concerned look , she quickly added , ` ` but that 's really the only thing that hurts .
but the cousin thing ... '' ` ` oh , please ! ''
the most important thing to her father was- and always had been- his career .
` ` do n't worry about a thing , sydney .
i think getting some nutrients in her is the most important thing .
the only thing that matters now is the truth that the public hears .
now that they were , he could focus on the most important thing .
` ` because that used to be his thing .
` ` well , she was right about one other thing .
neither thing was important .
` ` i may have forgotten to mention one small thing .
but the important thing is that you still love each other .
only one thing mattered now .
the only thing certain right now was that there was going to be a war .
the fact that he and dimitri , as well as cezar moldavi , sprang from the same widespread branches was merely an irritation in the grand scheme of things .
` ` that is one thing on which we are in agreement , miss woodmore . ''
` ` there is one more thing , my lord .
and just as obviously , one thing chas did n't know was the history between cezar and giordan .
the next thing he knew , she was lifting his shirt , pulling it from his trousers .
he moved quickly at that point , and the next thing she knew , they were skin to skin , length to length .
before maia could fly to her study and snatch up stationery to respond in the negative , the earl 's staff had arrived to pack their things , and the next thing she knew , the earl was there , as well .
the next thing he knew , screams and scuffling and flying skirts filled the air and in the midst of the melee , angelica was gone .
but when she climbed into corvindale 's landau - for he 'd absolutely forbidden her to hire a hack to take her home from white 's , and she was simply too tired to argue about propriety - and settled into her seat across from him , suddenly her wild musings and whirling thoughts scattered , leaving her mind blank and focused on one thing : him .
all at once , he shoved her away - or perhaps himself - and the next thing maia knew , the heavy weight and heat of him was gone , and there she lay , sprawled in the carriage , one breast bare and her body still vibrating from ... whatever had happened .
that was one thing dewhurst and mr . cale could n't assist with .
the last thing he wanted was to attract attention from anyone at the wharf and have to deal with that delay , as well .
he made a soft , strangled sound , and the next thing she knew , he shifted and fitted himself to her .
` ` that is one thing i believe we must agree on , my lord .
but there was no question that the woman across the chamber , who seemed to have moved on to examine another painting , was the only thing on his mind tonight .
the one thing that she could control ; the thing that the men who wanted her body did n't particularly care about .
the one thing that she could control ; the thing that the men who wanted her body did n't particularly care about .
there was a clink , and a jolt , and she realized they 'd bumped into a table or something , and the next thing she knew , something was behind her legs .
chapter 11 two months later despite being at war with england , napoleon 's paris was surprisingly easy to enter , particularly with the resources of the earl of corvindale to grease palms and ensure that certain eyes turned blindly away from certain things .
` ` for one thing , '' she replied in a voice that was low and dusky and threatened to wrap around him like a velvet rope , ` ` he would normally be armed with a blade of his own , instead of a stake . ''
the next thing narcise was aware of was chas 's face , dark and frightened and furious , looking down at her .
i keep trying to pinpoint mannerisms they have in common , or physical features , but the only thing i ' ve noticed is how hot she looks in that hooters outfit .
the last thing brennan needs to know is that his possible sister was in a porn film .
` ` the last thing i remember was being in the alley ... '' her brow furrowed as she struggled to remember those last few moments .
it was kind of his thing .
` ` it was a near thing .
such a simple , small thing .
family thing .
because his claws can slice right through me , but my death touch wo n't do a thing to him . ''
not like it was a small thing .
` ` and just one more thing ... do n't tell gwen about me , got it ?
uh , that was quite the ` ` one more thing '' to ask .
but they did need to be clear on one thing .
` ` and it 's a good thing you called me then , '' she said , sending a hot glare lex 's way .
` ` ah ... just one more thing , mcguire . ''
the place had n't exactly been secure then , and duncan sure hoped that pate had stepped things up .
she said she wished she could stop all the monsters , and the next thing i know , i ' m tasting fire . ''
the only thing that matters to me is that you 're mine . ''
he got the feeling they were n't talking about the same thing , but he 'd deal with that , later .
` ` it 's a good thing you 're sexy , '' she said , giving him a wink .
but they just had n't counted on one thing ... ` ` you can know some people are evil .
` ` and , hey , one more thing , buddy ... '' ` ` what is it ? ''
one thing remained clear to her , though .
` ` one thing i always wondered ... '' his stare lingered a moment on the casket .
and things started to click into place for him .
only there was one more thing .
i snatch up my glass just in time as he lifts the table up , like he 's going to dump the entire thing over onto me .
it 's strange to see such a powerful man so worried about a simple thing like taking on a rock star .
the conversation i just had with scott about tarin being so much like austin only makes the whole thing feel more urgent .
i should have known he was being too easy about the whole thing .
not the jack thing .
and one really , really big thing .
from mel i hear , ` ` ... do n't worry about a thing ... scott is taking care of everything .
i think ... this thing with austin ... it just ... complicates things too much .
it 's no small thing , but it 's not that he 's a psycho or anything .
` ` good call on the plunger thing . ''
putting the bag on top of it all , he carries the whole thing out to the living room and puts it on the coffee table in front of the television .
silver linings are never good enough to make up for the clouds , but they do have their place in the scheme of things .
` ` yes , she said they 'd take cash as long as we paid up front for the whole thing . ''
but she thinks she is , which in her current condition is a thing we should factor into our decisions . ''
candi could n't believe sarah was being so casual about the whole thing .
move on to the next thing , jon .
we 'll either get a ticket and the bike will get towed , or worst case , we 'll be in jail as john or jane does ; but we wo n't get ourselves killed by a mole , and that 's the most important thing . ''
he 's a hyper goofball who ca n't focus on any one thing for longer than five seconds . ''
the fbi does n't mess around when it comes to that kind of thing .
the only thing he really cared about was rugby - and food and beer , of course .
the next thing he knew , his sister was pushing his shoulder saying , ` ` wake up , dumbass , the shuttle is here . ''
maybe it was a guy thing or whatever , but she could n't be that unaffected .
just that little thing ? ''
` ` um , just one more little thing , '' said candi shyly .
` ` probably the only thing we need to worry about is them killing each other .
we have to stop acting like this is just a couple day thing .
` ` i was thinking about figuring out the fishing thing , '' said candi causally .
to make things sweet , you just need to squeeze the crap out of the fibers .
i appreciate the whole testosterone thing and all , but this is not the way we handle things here , and i do n't think this is the right time either .
it 's probably a good thing i do n't have my gun on my hip yet ; i 'd look like i was ready for a shootout at the o.k .
i stare at him , taking in his lean , muscular form , his chiseled from stone good looks , his wind - burned cheeks , his gorgeous green eyes , and his stupid blue hat that does not match his complexion at all , knowing he would give me a serious run for my money if i were interested in that kind of thing with him .
being under your shadow , ginny , the architecture thing ...
our boys have always been the type to run out the door with friends and work and everything else , but one thing we always insisted on was dinner at home , all of us at the table with no television , no phones , and no radio .
i might be able to swallow this bite , but not the whole thing .
i try to act cool about it since he seems unfazed by the whole thing .
we 're about to move into our new place , and i want things to go smoothly and for there to be no misunderstandings about what 's what . ''
besides , this is n't some little thing .
maybe because her husband could pull the plug on the whole thing .
` ` well , if we had kissed and it sucked but i still wanted to see your body , then it would just be an art thing . ''
` ` but if the kiss was amazing , like i thought it would be , then it 's not just an artist thing . ''
bringing me all over the place the past couple weeks has cut into his work schedule ; it 's just another thing for me to feel guilty about .
the only one not finding the whole thing amusing is the guy with the speech impediment .
it should have been the first thing i talked about when she walked in my door thirty minutes ago , but i was too wrapped up in worries about what mick would think about my outfit to think straight .
` ` no , what i said was that he said he was just in some small thing that was nothing and was very short and no big deal . ''
last minute thing . ''
for one thing , he 's the one sending mick to the hospital , so he 's probably not on mick 's favorites list right now ; and second , i can just imagine how awesome it would not be to see colin arrested at mick 's bedside for assaulting his own brother .
alissa 's at the apartment and she 's already freaking out about every little thing .
there 's only one tiny little thing missing from this picture , but i do n't spend a whole lot of time thinking about that one little thing .
next thing i know , his left hand is sliding under my calf and his right hand is going behind my back .
i do n't want to work here anymore , not that i really did in the first place , but it 's the principle of the thing that keeps me here arguing with cro - magnon man .
i have n't seen a single gold tooth yet , and if the only thing i have to worry about is cleaning up a few pizza boxes , i ' m all in .
the only thing i ' m not able to fix is the carpet .
organized every single thing in this office .
i still have my five boxes to unpack , but until the residue is gone , i do n't want any of my things touching any surfaces in this place .
the call from his lawyer is just a blur in my memory right now , another thing to deal with that i want to just forget .
i ' m about to go inside and give up on the whole lock thing and just move my bed over to the door to block anyone from coming in , when i hear the toyota 's door slam shut .
i ' ve already made such a great impression with the underwear thing in trouble 's apartment , especially after all those warnings rebel gave me .
my face goes red with the embarrassment of getting so worked up over such a little thing .
booting up the laptop , i force my brain away from thoughts of our dangerous liaison on the couch and back to the last thing i was looking at on this computer .
` ` teagan , '' she whines , ` ` i have the whole thing figured out .
` ` you 're not into the whole boobs , legs , ass thing .
` ` one thing ... '' something else ?
the next thing i knew , i was here , and they were - they told me if i came in the cell with you , then i 'd get to go home . ''
yet it was the main thing that pushed into her mind .
` ` then the next thing i knew , you were rushing back inside and shooting at vaughn . ''
the only thing that mattered was stopping wyatt .
the one thing he wanted ... was the one thing that could cost him everything .
` ` then it 's a good thing you ca n't die . ''
the whole blood thing was not her style .
his head still swam with the new knowledge that he had , but one thing was absolutely clear to him .
because a little thing like her man talking to animals , well , that was n't going to push her away .
when noelle had kissed him , answering it had been the last thing on his mind .
` ` and you kissing me tonight- '' ` ` did n't have a damn thing to do with mercer or jack .
hmmm ... he wondered ... had the first thing been the shirt ?
` ` but it looks as if things got a little more personal for him at your place . ''
` ` what 's the most important thing in your life ? ''
agent foxx , what is the most important thing in your life ? ''
` ` it 's a good thing you had combat training . ''
i came into your office , expecting some kind of quick clearance check from a stuffy m.d . , and the next thing i knew ... you were in every dream i had . ''
her blond hair was swept back in a twist , the style accentuating her high cheekbones and those deep green eyes that made him think of things a soldier should not be thinking about .
no , not a damn thing .
she was the first thing he 'd wanted for himself in longer than he could remember .
the only thing that mattered - she was in his arms .
with her , his control could be a delicate thing .
he looked into her gaze , and realized he was looking at the one thing he 'd always wanted .
we even held off interrogation until you dragged your sorry hide out of the doc 's office , and the first thing you ask about is the girl ? ''
because proving her brother 's innocence was the one thing that mattered most to veronica .
` ` it does n't have to be the only thing for me . ''
but he was still wrong about one thing .
maybe there was one thing he could n't lie about .
` ` dane , one more thing ... '' his brows lifted .
this was n't about protection or the fbi or rafe or any damn other thing .
literally , not a damn thing .
one thing for sure , he was n't human .
` ` the last thing i want is to have to take you in , but i might not have a choice . ''
` ` i 'll see you first thing tomorrow . ''
um , not really her thing .
it was a physical thing .
` ` watching 's not so much my thing . ''
not one damn thing !
the thing that mattered - it , he would be the giant wolf shifter standing in his doorway .
the only thing that mattered was that cammie was safe now .
there was only one thing that mattered to him then .
her future had become the most important thing to him .
any f**king thing she wanted - that was what he 'd do .
it was the thing they needed to worry about .
well , actually , that was n't the last thing .
because kenton took one thing in this world very seriously , and that was his job with the serial services division .
` ` when we broke the door in at charlie 's place , the first thing i saw was his wheelchair , just sitting right there . ''
` ` one other thing you need to know about tonight , sheriff . ''
but what was the one thing that scared her the most ?
one thing kept nagging at his mind , and he just could n't get past it .
information about the mandatory treatment is soon to follow , but for now one thing is certain : the program is coming .
it 's such a small thing for miller to feel bad about , but i can tell that he does .
` ` but one thing , '' he added .
do you really think in all that time , we have n't dug up something , even just a little thing about you ?
and now that we 'd discovered the traitor and set izzie back on a healthy course , the only thing left to focus on was espn .
things were strawberry smooth - things were good .
things were strawberry smooth - things were good .
i needed to talk the mary thing over with the squad , and only the squad .
` ` one other thing , '' kira said , focusing her big blue eyes on me .
olivia is the only thing in her life she 's ever cared about .
` ` the whole damn thing , '' she slurs .
there had only ever been one thing that they had been in total disagreement on - claiming shaya critchley , their mate .
and he thought buying her a cup of coffee would help even things out ?
it 's a personal thing . ''
` ` and what is this personal thing ? ''
she spent more time laughing and smiling than blushing , which was no small thing , given the filthy thoughts traveling through her mind .
` ` it 's no big thing , leave it . ''
the whole thing had been bugging shaya to the extent that she had almost snapped at her friend a couple of times .
in a sickly sweet voice full of contempt , amber said , ` ` of course i would n't mess things up for nick .
` ` it 's a good thing i have no intention of asking you if we could live here permanently - it would kill you . ''
` ` one thing first : i made a few ... changes . ''
whereas in the beginning his motive to uncover her secret had been concern , the whole thing was now more of an obsession .
her wolf was just as torn about the whole thing ; she was infuriated with him for the possessive act , but she also liked the depth of his dominant streak .
her wolf was usually too territorial over her space to be okay with that kind of thing .
it was the last thing he wanted to talk about , but she was n't going to totally understand everything until he told her .
but was it such a bad thing that she missed him when he was gone ?
one thing he did n't allow her to help him with was the paperwork .
she had n't said one word at any point , as if she had taken herself into some sort of zone where the only thing that mattered was survival - and that was exactly what dante had been hoping for .
throughout most of their relationship , she had fought him on one thing or another , had persistently held back from him .
` ` stop putting my cds in chronological order , and i 'll work on the shoe rack thing . ''
add in that she was a tiny little thing , away from her pack and in his company , and surely you would have yourself a flighty deer .
it 's an extremely intimate thing .
she had remembered what trey had said about not doing anything out of the norm , but there was one thing she had to do before she left .
she shook her head in sheer disbelief at how someone could be so energetic first thing in the morning .
he wanted to do the same thing again now , but one thing was stopping him ; as he had reached out through the pack link to sense her emotions , he 'd hit a wall .
one thing was for sure - she was a better person than he would ever be .
` ` he thought the whole thing was funny because something had finally gotten an emotional reaction from me , he wanted me to cry .
but before you go , you can help me out with one thing ... how did you guys know where to find me ?
smart enough to know that the important thing now is to figure out who his informant is before they feed him more information . ''
the whole thing was making him restless , giving him that nagging feeling like the kind he got when there was something he 'd forgotten to do .
no he would n't love it at all and trey was resolved that he was n't going on that thing .
she knew the pregnancy was an extremely significant thing .
it was odd to think that only a few months ago the most important thing to trey had been his pack , his territory , and protecting both .
for one thing , i 'll go crazy - or , at least , i 'll go crazier than i already am .
` ` for one thing , it is imperative that this matter is dealt with immediately .
` ` i would n't bother yourself with the whole thing , antonio .
` ` one more thing before you both leave : i have news from sebastian .
apart from one thing , and i would bet my life that having me hound him about not letting paige west come here had made him feel even guiltier .
` ` according to quentin , the whole thing was quite humorous .
a part of antonio had to feel torn about the whole thing .
one thing was for sure : his report would n't be recognised as well - founded .
but rather than make a big thing out of it , he simply offered me a supportive smile .
the important thing right now is that you are n't going to take the vision as a sign that we should n't be together or some stupid shit like that . ''
` ` with regards to replacing antonio , i ' m torn about the whole thing .
` ` it 's a good thing that antonio and his personal assistants are taking care of the plans and not you or there 'd be about five people gathered in a garden tent . ''
` ` binding is a big thing , '' i reminded him .
holding an eight - foot long f**ker was another thing altogether .
so not my thing , but i was willing to keep an open mind .
` ` you 're right about one thing , though , '' sam told rowan .
but i 'd rather have the whole thing over with before then , as it would mean i could totally relax and have nothing on my mind other than the ceremony .
things got a little worrying , though , when we started to enter a rural area .
` ` that 's a human thing . ''
the third thing you need to know is that you will have someone chasing you the entire time .
there was one thing , however , that could go in my favour .
` ` you know what , commander michaels '' - there was no respect in the title , it was patronising , and i loved it - ` ` i would have thought that today might have at least taught you one thing ; women might just be able to handle things better than what you give them credit for .
but the whole thing now seemed more balanced .
feminine pride was a big thing .
` ` one more thing first . ''
when a vampire chose someone for their own it was considered an extremely serious thing : they each belonged to the other and had the right to stage a full - scale war over them .
the next thing i heard was the sound of the door creaking open , some chains rattling , and then the collective gasps of my friends .
next thing i knew there was this intense green light all over the place , a couple of screaming , cranky succubi , a few choice cuss words and then silence .
sorry about the bathroom thing .
the next thing i knew , the jet was touching down in west palm beach , florida at the executive airport just fifteen minutes from my mom 's house .
the next thing i knew the bathroom door was banging shut behind her .
i mean , even my human country 's leaders got together with their enemies from time to time , to try and work things out .
it obviously was n't an age thing , since i was practically an embryo compared to these old coots .
not about the g*y thing , though .
` ` alright , first thing 's first .
the last thing i wanted was to know that i 'd gone all the way with an incubus in front of my friends .
for now , the only thing you need to be worrying about is finding this guy in the gray . ''
that 's becky 's thing , not mine ! ''
i hoped he understood this was not meant as a girlfriend thing - it was my need for reassurance .
spike says you can help me focus and get this thing wrangled . ''
` ` one more thing , tim .
manners are what makes this world a good place ta be ; in fact , just the oother day , i was tellin ' gander ... ` ` i tuned gilly out while i put a few things on my plate .
but one thing is certain : we need our mother to return , if we have any hope of holding our own against the darkness . ''
he was clear about one thing though - apparently she had some kind of weird hang - up about green ingredients .
that 's one thing i had come to find out about my pixie friend , tim .
the dark fae do n't care about making it a voluntary thing .
i did n't want my face to be the first thing samantha saw when we came out .
i lifted my glass and said a weak ' skal ' along with the rest of them ; they were decidedly more enthusiastic than i was about the whole thing .
` ` maybe we can finish the whole thing tomorrow , '' said becky .
good , one less thing to worry about .
` ` we 'll take care of that , just give us a minute , '' teeg 's chin was the main thing in my line of vision .
` ` first thing , '' garde nodded .
we 'll move you into that , and we 'll place enough guards there that you wo n't have to worry about those things . ''
` ` i 'll come help with the duck thing if you 'll give me something to drink . ''
only a few locals and asd agents had survived the mass waking of more than a thousand ra'ak spawn , and those had run out the door first thing .
he 'd talked me around eventually over the whole teeg thing .
teeg decided to be awful about the whole thing .
let 's hope that 's a thing of the past , '' he smiled .
another thing to be teased about , as it turned out .
that was the only thing we were all worried about . ''
on the way , i try to replay the last few minutes in my mind , try to recall what i punched and when and how hard , but the whole thing is lost to a dizzy fit of anger .
the whole thing was embarrassing .
perhaps he 'll call the whole thing off .
what is your thing , anastasia christian 's softly spoken question haunts me .
` ` look , i want to talk about one more thing , then i ' m taking you to bed . ''
` ` good thing for you this is only three floors , in those heels , '' he mutters to me in disapproval .
if i can just focus on this one thing ...
` ` it was n't my thing .
evidently he 's bored with the whole elena thing - he 's right , i need to move on .
there 's one thing i 'd like to do before we head home . ''
i tried to sound casual , like this was no big thing .
summer romance was n't something i understood , but apparently it was a very big thing around here .
` ` one thing i want to warn you about is the fact there will be guys here tonight .
do n't you worry about a thing , and call him , please , before he gets the police searching for you . ''
i had to keep reminding myself the roll i played in his life every time i began to think about his future and worry over things that were not my place to worry about .
if my dad or brother find you in here , they 're gon na - '' the next thing i knew , his hand was covering my mouth , and he was forcing me down .
the next thing i knew , we were back out on the dance floor , dancing .
he nodded , and the next thing i knew , we were back in his truck .
the next thing i knew , he began taking off his clothes .
the next thing i knew , he was down on his knees , slipping my panties off .
he had a huge smile on his face , and the next thing i knew , layton dropped a suitcase and slapped him on the back .
the last thing i wanted was for noah to invade my world , especially these next few days when i should be the happiest i 'd ever been .
the next thing i knew , they were making their way over to the tree house and climbing the steps .
` ` lark , please tell me we can make that a daily thing . ''
` ` is it just a sexual thing ?
` ` one more thing , jess .
things seemed to be normal and nothing looked out of place .
marriage is the last thing on my mind . ''
` ` oh god ... i ' m so wet ... '' the next thing i knew my hand was being pulled out of panties and they were ripped off my body .
i 'll be there at opening and then heading over to the new place to check on things . ''
the rest of the evening was spent in a wonderful seafood restaurant where we drank a bottle of wine , talked about the restaurant , me possibly moving some things over to lark 's place and him doing the same .
let me just finish up this one thing and then we 'll head to the goddamn party your mother is forcing us both to attend . ''
then there was the sex thing .
but she was wrong about one thing .
i wanted to control every single thing , but this was the one thing i could n't .
you ca n't ask me that and then not give me the chance to ask you about the same thing .
next thing i knew , jack was walking into the kitchen .
i took it to my desk and , the next thing i knew , she was massaging my shoulders and she ... well , she came on to me . ''
grace and i both let out a nervous chuckle as i said , ` ` zach , one thing you need to know is we are all very close .
that was the last thing on my mind .
the last thing i wanted to do was go out , but i needed to get out for a bit and clear my head .
she 's gon na call drake tomorrow , and then we can get this whole damn thing settled .
i had gotten up to take a shower , and the next thing i 'd known , scott had been fucking me up against the wall with the hot water just pouring on us .
i would n't change one goddamn thing about it . ''
he slid his finger along my panty line , and the next thing i knew , he was taking them off and putting my leg over his shoulder .
the next thing i knew , she slammed her body into mine and frantically began taking off my clothes .
the next thing i knew , i felt a hand on my knee .
the next thing i knew , i was being pulled away from the car .
josh ran inside , and the next thing i knew , there were two wheelchairs .
the next thing i knew , she turned around and pulled down her jeans to expose her very nice pink lace cheekini panties .
i got ta ask ... is it just a sex thing ?
` ` what do you think would be the next important thing you need to concentrate on ? ''
we both looked each other in the eyes , and the next thing i knew , he was shoving them down his pants .
` ` there is one more thing , '' dr . birk said .
the other day , i had gone shopping with margie , and i 'd bought a new pair of lace knickers that i really wanted garrett to see , but right now , the only thing on my mind was getting him to take me up against his truck .
the next thing i knew , i was watching him drive away .
the next thing i knew , my door had opened , and his hand was up and under my dress so fast that i let out a gasp .
after the phone call with my grandfather i pushed him to the back of my mind in favor of overanalyzing this thing with caine .
not one thing was permanent .
` ` whether they find enough evidence against him to substantiate holts 's claims is another thing , '' caine added impatiently .
i apologized for messing them around , and they were incredibly understanding about the whole thing .
it is the smallest thing .
i ' m about to shut the whole thing down when i see something meg sent to a the house smells of cooking , a weird , unpleasant odor of spices that do n't go together - curry , rosemary , too much garlic .
our food comes out , and we talk about other bullshit stuff , and after a while it starts to become clear that i ' m sidestepping my way around the thing i should be talking about .
running into brady had been at the back of my mind since orientation , but i was certain about one thing .
` ` the most important thing during school is this , '' he said , flipping a tiny switch on the side with the little bit of thumbnail he had .
my mind is racing , wondering what serious thing you need to talk to her about .
how are things going at the new place ?
the only thing to worry about was the conversation i needed to have with gina .
sawyer stood up , stretched , and then grabbed his things off my long rectangular coffee table , his keys scraping against the glass as he did so .
it became sort of a thing .
` ` and it 's not just the sex thing .
i ' m thinking of planting a clue just to make things a little bit more exciting . ''
they uncurled slowly , and the throbbing ball of ember in his palm was the last thing ari saw before the sweet relief of dying pain swept her away on its tides ... ari clawed her way through the dark and forced her eyes open .
i 'd really like to check on things with him ... '' her boyfriend nodded , concern in his light green eyes .
` ` it was more than a thing .
he lifted a hand to get the bartender 's attention and the guy came over to take our orders for coffee , his heated focus making things awkward .
` ` then it 's a good thing you did n't come back , if that 's the way you still see it . ''
it occurred to me that she might be trying to make a point to someone and i 'd gotten dragged into the whole thing so she would have me to share in the mortification of it all .
` ` please do n't tell me you 're still considering the whole police thing ? ''
i 'd been deliberately vague about the whole thing because ... well ...
the truth was i did n't know how to discuss it with them , to make them understand , when i was still trying to work out the whole thing for myself .
for the first time since she 'd sat down , jake detected a hint of annoyance in her tone as she replied , ` ` then it 's a good thing you did n't come back , if that 's the way you still see it . ''
i thought of the one thing that had distracted me while jake was dating melissa .
next thing i knew i was crushed in his bear hug .
i thought you got me to throw this thing , invite her here , so you could talk to her , patch things up .
first thing ... '' he rubbed my shoulder in comfort .
mom and dad told me about law school and i knew that this whole thing had to be impacted by that .
for a while it was the most important thing in his life - until he met my mom .
` ` beck , we 're not talking about a small thing here - we 're talking about you giving up your career , '' i reminded him , feeling more than a little overwhelmed for him .
honestly , i did n't do the whole sex thing .
i looked over at my colleague barbara , who seemed amused by the whole thing , and said , ` ` why is everyone man crazy at the moment ?
he says it 's a family thing and that he 'll explain when the time is right . ''
` ` this is n't a little thing , marco . ''
he leaned into me , eyes sparking with fire as he hissed in my face , ` ` it 's a good thing i did keep dylan away from you , because i would n't want him around whatever shit this is . ''
` ` it felt important that it was the one thing that had escaped her .
i glowered at her , confused by her comment , but too focused on one thing to question it .
` ` one thing at time , shortcake .
and honestly , that 's the last thing you need to worry about . ''
` ` well , it 's not a personal thing .
` ` back to the more important thing .
and mostly importantly , i ' m surprised you ' ve actually seen a fae since you ' ve been here , because boy , i ' m pretty sure the only thing you ' ve been concentrating on since you got here is how to get in that girl 's pants . ''
not exactly the thing i wanted to be thinking about as i dodged tourists caught in the rain and nearly lost an eyeball a couple of times when the sharp pointy ends of the umbrellas got up close and personal .
although the world of gods and the supernatural was still largely mysterious to her , one thing mae had learned was that gods rarely spoke directly to humans .
you said in your message you were conducting interviews all day , so i figured some deep fried sugar might improve things .
despite his joking , he was right about one thing : the mood was certainly somber when the hired car came to pick up justin and mae .
` ` i 'll talk to carl about it first thing , '' said atticus .
it was such a small , small thing , but his words hit mae with the same force as a prison sentence would have .
now , let's- '' ` ` one more thing , '' justin interrupted .
` ` i ' m serious - it 's a security thing .
` ` it 's a small thing compared to all we ' ve done for you and all we can do . ''
maybe they were , but one thing soon became clear : they hated mae .
` ` look , things are about to get started , so i have to take my place .
things were uncomplicated around evan , and it occurred to me that maybe that was n't such a bad thing .
organizing a group for a passive enchantment was one thing .
` ` one thing i know for sure - we need to get dorian out before we launch our master attack . ''
i know you came to palm springs for my sake , but i figured it was time for you to change things .
one thing puzzled me , though , as dale drove my mom and me to court .
that had never been my thing , even before the life - changing events in palm springs .
i did n't want to leave things badly with her - or with nina , dimitri , rose , and lissa .
that 's the one thing i ca n't improvise on here .
the last thing i remembered was a talk show around four in the morning ... ... and then i was waking to sunlight streaming in the room as marcus emerged from the bathroom .
the next thing i knew , one of the uncomfortable guardians was waking us up , and the jet was on the ground .
it 's a human thing . ''
we felt the most important thing was to get sydney out of court to go after the lead .
for one thing , that would attract too much attention , and you probably do n't want that .
the next thing i knew , sabrina was ushering them out to her car to begin this bizarre adventure .
fire 's the only way to destroy this thing , and i do n't want jill trapped here if things literally go up in smoke . ''
i had n't argued with sydney , but jill 's health was n't the only thing i was concerned about .
that was another thing i 'd taken upon myself , along with my collection of jobs : cooking .
she started to point the way , but jack husk caught her hand in the air and held her fist inside his own for a moment like it was some small delicate thing , like a tulip bulb or an egg .
or , if you 're game , '' he said , his small eyes glinting , ` ` we can spice things up with a little curse . ''
it was a good match for her own reaction , because one thing was sure : if akiva 's offer was unimaginable , thiago 's acceptance of it was unfathomable .
` ` listen , '' karou said , urgent , when she sensed that their accord was becoming a settled thing .
if she did , for one thing ... then where - or who - had the heads come from ?
it was no small thing to draw down sirithar .
when all the tension of today was a thing of the past , and they 'd had a full night 's sleep in an actual bed , and a meal that had never even been on the same continent as couscous .
it hardly seemed consequential , except for one thing .
that was the first thing .
83 most things that matter karou held a gavriel on her palm .
one thing was sure : that imagined other girl 's shirt might have started out identical to karou 's , but it could bear no resemblance to the ash - darkened , river - wash - roughened , sun - bleached , sweat - stiffened article that karou wore now .
but there 's one thing i ' ve always wanted to ask .
` ` could i bother you for one more thing ? ''
as a tangle of emotions battered him , finding the horse was the only thing he was sure about .
that 's the important thing to me now that i finished what i came down here to do . ''
` ` mel , one other thing . ''
that 's the important thing to me now , that i finish what i came down here to do . ''
` ` i ' m talking about silas and- '' ` ` no , the shrimp thing . ''
` ` it 's a good thing you 're giving me a new name , '' she says , matter of fact .
my relationship with her is an ever - changing cycle , but one thing is always certain .
the only thing that matters about that night now is that i not repeat it .
it 's the last thing i tackle , and though i ' m able to scrub the ink away , it appears i went over the word so many times that i scratched it into the floorboard .
i unknot the bows she 's made to start over , but then i ' m not really sure how the thing is supposed to wrap either .
` ` do n't say that unless it 's your answer for the whole thing .
the whole thing feels wrong .
art is already an intimate thing , and staring at someone long enough to capture her likeness amplifies that .
i also know that if things do n't turn out how i want them to , i could end up doing that same thing to wilder .
the only thing in my head right now is watch kalli , check the road , check your speed , watch kalli , turn here , go straight , watch kalli .
because as hard as i tried to leave this place behind , as many times as i ' ve told myself that wilder is better off without me , that we 're both better off , there 's one thing i just ca n't shake .
the only thing you need to think about right now is whether or not you love me . ''
` ` the only thing i care about is staying on that team .
but one thing is decided ...
and do i want it to be a thing thing or just a regular thing ?
yet another thing i had n't thought of .
` ` you took off so fast after she showed , and next thing i know you 're calling me to pick you up from a police station- '' ` ` listen .
because he 's the one thing i still have n't sorted out in my head .
the only thing between us is my shorts and her underwear , and i can feel the heat of her .
` ` he was wrong about the other thing , though . ''
he might decide i ' m what 's best for him , but one of the few things i do know right now is that henry breaking up with me was the best thing that could have happened .
` ` then go back to my place , and we can handle things right .
i just write it off as some sports thing that will never make sense to me .
we could spend every day protesting outside that shelter or city hall or wherever , and it would n't change a thing .
the only thing in his life pre - rusk he 's ever talked about is football .
not just football , but his whole thing .
if humans were capable of being perfect there would be no such thing as jerry springer , and the world would be filled with unicorns and fairies , and families would never be broken , and children would never disappoint their parents , and things would n't hurt as badly , but it also would n't feel so damn good when things go right .
` ` we can just check off one thing at a time . ''
i would n't trust him with a thing off this field , but on it , i know he 'll always have my back , and he 'll give it everything he 's got .
i 'd been preoccupied with other things then and drawing still lifes of fruit had n't been all that appealing .
things become very clear when you 're sitting in a pod over the ocean thinking about your sweet simon .
` ` christ , i ' ve missed you , '' he groaned , his voice strained with the sweet tension of holding back , taking things slow , making sure he was okay .
well , thank christ he had n't got into the air with it , that was one thing , but he grabbed the line to see how bad the puncture was , and it came apart in his hands and soaked his sleeve nearly to the shoulder with high - test petrol .
` ` for one thing , the english are thick as lice on the ground ; ye can see them swarm from the window .
i visualized over and over the last things i had seen before i stepped through the stones - the rainy moor and jamie 's face - knowing that if i looked too long at my new surroundings , these sights would fade , replaced by mundane things like the nurses and the vase of flowers by my bed .
` ` bree was the only thing really important to frank . ''
` ` oh , one thing .
the only thing that remained was to bid farewell to his acquaintances at helwater - and willie .
` ` oh , and one more thing , if you would be so kind , madame ? ''
i was slightly and pleasantly sore in several unaccustomed places , and while i had been reluctant to see jamie go , there was no denying that it was nice to be alone for a bit to mull things over .
for the one thing , sir percival has no notion of my real name , though i 'll lay a year 's takings he knows it isna malcolm .
more than any other place , the house at lallybroch had been home to me , but that had been a long time ago - and any number of things had changed since then .
there was , after all , only one thing of importance at the moment .
there was the one thing more .
` ` not the main thing , no - but aye , that too . ''
that was the most important thing ; i could never say all i felt , but this was the best i could do .
` ` we didna like to trouble jamie roy ower such a thing , '' raeburn put in .
the most important thing is to avoid infecting any more of your crew , though .
one thing that could help was some spectacular demonstration of competence and service to the crown .
` ` one more thing , maitland , '' i said .
i tell ye to stay all snug below wi ' marsali , and next thing i ken , ye ' ve dropped out of the sky and landed at my feet , sopping wi ' blood ! ''
` ` the fact that the sky 's black as pitch and the air smells like lightning would n't have a thing to do with your conclusions , of course . ''
` ` one thing , though , jamie- '' ` ` aye , i know , '' he said , resigned .
she had been curious about how i had traveled through the stones - that was the main thing .
willie was sorted ; that was the important thing .
one more thing , uncle .
` ` there 's the one other thing , '' he said , a little shy .
the british troops would n't be moving in this fog , that was one thing .
for now , the important thing was to locate some part of the army .
` ` oh - just the one more thing .
there remained only one more thing to do before we could leave .
indeed , he thought , the only thing weighing in her favor was the feeling of desolation that the mention of william 's possible death caused in his own heart .
roger groaned , thrust the whole thing out of his head , and immersed himself doggedly in his notebook .
` ` it was a sweet wee thing , '' he agreed .
` ` i collect this is a serious thing , to be put out of meeting ? ''
my children are grown ; my grandchildren are thriving - that 's the most important thing , no ? ''
they were n't too late , that was the important thing .
you never knew ; textbook illustrations were one thing , but the first thing any surgeon learned was that bodies were unnervingly unique .
` ` you do n't know what small thing might affect someone 's mind , '' i pointed out .
things were going reasonably well for me , too ; mrs . kebbits , the militia wife , did feed ian and myself , and very hospitably , with fresh corn dodgers and rabbit stew with onions .
one less thing to worry over , then .
` ` one thing , '' she said , lifting a finger at him .
well , one thing at a time .
it struck me quite suddenly that i could move the things marsali described circumspectly as ` ` mr . smith 's job '' : the written letters circulated by the sons of liberty that passed between villages , between towns , that whirled through the colonies like leaves driven by a spring storm , were copied and sent on , sometimes printed and distributed within the towns , if a bold printer could be found to do the work .
the only thing that matters now is jem . ''
sweat was pouring down the fine - cut bones of his face ; i 'd got his coat , waistcoat , and leather stock off first thing , and his shirtfront was pasted to his chest , his breeches black - wet in the creases of his groin .
and the very last thing i wanted was to instigate a dragnet in which jamie might be snared .
` ` the thing is - is thee familiar with religious disputation , ian ? ''
next thing i knew , the carriage door popped open and the aide jumped down , offering me an arm .
` ` but- '' ` ` ' going to bed , ' though ... for one thing , we did n't .
if there 's one thing i know about men , it 's that you do n't break things like this to them on an empty stomach .
it was what grandda said when he talked about a fight or killing something , and this was n't quite that sort of thing , but it seemed like a good thing to say anyway .
here he was at something of a loss , as he had no firm notion what year it was ( brian died - god , will die - when jamie was nineteen , and if jamie was born in may of 1721 - or was it 1722 ? -and he was two years younger than jenny ... ) and thus no idea what might have been happening in the world of late , but he delayed a bit , explaining his antecedents in some detail - that was good manners , for one thing , and for another , his birthplace in kyle of lochalsh was far enough away from lallybroch that the frasers were unlikely to have met any of his people .
and as for the other thing ...
but hearing him speak , she came straight for him , and next thing he knew , her hands were on his shoulders , her hair brushing his face .
it did n't matter ; the only important thing was that the man who 'd thrown it was no longer holding it .
william 's exclamation had less to do with mention of captain harkness and more to do with the important thing he 'd forgotten , which had just come back to him : jane and her sister .
` ` their enlistment ends on the thirtieth - that 's tomorrow , sir , '' he added gently , ` ` but they mostly set off first thing this morning . ''
though perhaps it was n't so surprising ; he 'd been wondering much the same thing : could murray ride the mule ?
` ` here i am , tryin ' to go slow , tryin ' to be gentle ... and next thing i ken , ye 're squeezin ' my balls and stickin ' your fingers up my arse ! ''
i put no pressure on the saw ; the last thing i wanted was to crack the bone in some awkward way .
from my point of view , the most interesting thing about mr . oglethorpe 's plan - in the course of conversation , it was revealed to me that he 'd founded not only savannah but the whole province of georgia - was that each house of a tything was provided with a one - mile tract of farmland outside the city and a five - acre kitchen garden closer in .
he did n't think they 'd do it , for one thing .
worry and the lack of sleep were catching up with me ; things seemed oddly non - dimensional , as though trees and people and garden furniture were merely pasted onto a painted backdrop .
but the important thing ... '' i hesitated , but he had to know .
more of a moral question kind of thing . ''
dear student : you might want to take care of this important thing - hint , hint .
as she reached up and took my hand , her grip secure , one thing was certain .
' and as for that other thing ?
` ` it 's a marine thing . ''
maybe we are n't discussing the same thing .
are we a forever type of thing ?
things with my breasts ... places below .
rachel was a small thing to begin with , but she 's lost weight .
` ` not a thing , i swear .
it 's the thing between us that we take care of , knowing that someday it will only be us in that enormous apartment again . ''
her continued amusement is n't helping with the whole dignity thing .
it 's painful being denied first thing in the morning .
i feel like i ' m sinking and she 's the only thing keeping me from going under .
i was living in an apartment with girlfriends , attending college , fending off boys with only one thing on their mind .
i understood that those things were never going to go anywhere in the point , and as long as i was the guy in charge of how they were running , how they were being doled out to the pitiful masses , then i could make a place that was pretty much uncivilized at least mostly tolerable to live in .
when i stayed with her while things with bax were all over the place , i got the vibe that she 's running the house .
race was n't a small guy , and the bathroom was n't exactly roomy , which meant i was all over him and the towel i had been using for minimal coverage was a thing of the past .
` ` dad just ignored the whole thing , brysen .
` ` race has had a thing working for you for a while , but things with him and the business in the city right now are shaky .
one thing was for sure : the characters that were now a part of my life since hooking up with race were hands down some of the most interesting and terrifying people a girl could ever come across .
one of her hands let go of its death grip on my hair to twine around my shoulders as her other leg joined the first , meaning i was now fully cradled against the center of her and the only thing between my growing erection and her warm center was her panties and my jeans .
not a fucking thing .
` ` it 's not a place anyone really wants to call home , but if you give me some time , let me figure some things out , i can make you the queen of my broken kingdom .
she 's the type that would sunbathe in the nude without thinking a thing about it .
i assumed he meant some kind of social slash political thing , but he might be using some sort of sexual lingo i ' m not familiar with .
there 's only one thing on my mind as thought returns .
that does n't , however , erase this ... other thing that niggles at me .
children - that 's another gray area , but first things first .
` ` there is one thing i think 's pretty cool , though . ''
the one thing he did n't take into account was the sound of his engine cranking .
he doubted his father would be pleased , but they 'd won and that was the main thing .
it wo n't change a damn thing .
and the main thing , the most important thing , is that i can call her mine .
and the main thing , the most important thing , is that i can call her mine .
and the comfort that i draw from him is arguably the most concerning thing of all .
other than first thing in the morning , i do n't get to see many real smiles from her .
one thing is for damn sure : it only made it that much harder to let her go , to walk her upstairs and into the arms of another man .
let 's find a hotel and at least get you someplace where you can rest and i can get some vinegar on this thing .
i can see that she 's genuinely bothered by having to admit the money thing .
but one thing i am having no trouble thinking of is hemi .
for two years , the most important thing in my life has been finding the dirty cop who sold my brother the bad drugs that killed him .
another thing .
` ` one thing you wil soon learn about me is that i am an excel ent lie detector and i know you are lying .
it barely even registered ; i just knew it was one less thing i had to worry about , one less thing to distract me from my dying friend .
it barely even registered ; i just knew it was one less thing i had to worry about , one less thing to distract me from my dying friend .
bo was alive ; that was the only thing i really cared about .
` ` for one thing , i do n't have a steady supply from the blood bank anymore . ''
` ` the same thing that 's always the matter , ridley .
the thing that caught and held my attention was his face .
` ` and just in case you do , just in case you want me to stay away , there 's one thing i need to do before i go . ''
some of the words were still visible , but the pictures were gone and it had been scrubbed clean of poop , which was the biggest thing anyway .
i shook my head , trying to focus on one thing at a time .
the only thing i cared about was finding out who killed my father . ''
i 'd been to church enough to know that going was the main thing .
the thing i worried about most was whether or not her plotting , her ultimate revenge , now involved lars .
she chattered on about work - related things , citing people and places i knew nothing about .
even though it would n't happen , could n't happen - and if it could , i was n't even sure i 'd want it - i was curious about one thing .
alerts going off like crazy in my head , i remind myself that this is the kind of thing that could get a girl into trouble .
is n't that pretty standard with this kind of thing ?
instead , i get tia 's purse from my trunk , where we locked our things , and i dig out her keys .
` ` it would really be a big thing for me .
i could almost pretend we are alone ... with just the music ... ` ` the only thing i want to talk you out of right now are these , '' he says , running his palm up to the bend of my leg , his fingertips just grazing the edge of my panties .
` ` one thing in particular , '' i reply , moving my hand to her ribs , down her side and into the elastic band of her pants .
for one thing , my jeep is pretty high and she 's pretty tiny , but more than that , my mother taught me better .
it 's just another little thing that i 'll dwell on , wondering if it means he has deeper feelings for me .
there 's one more thing to consider .
she struggles like a wild thing .
there are still some things to work out with ellie before i 'll ever know that this place is mine forever , though .
that 's the main thing .
` ` so you 're saying i should n't try to spice things up ? ''
` ` spice things up ? ''
i ca n't spice things up , too ? ''
it has to be the most important thing .
my eyes immediately go to the thing that has him suddenly uptight .
the only thing on my mind is spending an evening with cami .
` ` i guess it 's a good thing i wore underwear today , '' i say glibly , anything to break the tension .
` ` it 's a good thing i ' m used to your incredible femininity , or else i might be in shock right now . ''
tend to it first thing , will you ? ''
when i turn back to the bed , i see the thing that mom left me , the thing she said she wanted me to tend to first when i got back .
when i turn back to the bed , i see the thing that mom left me , the thing she said she wanted me to tend to first when i got back .
the main thing is to get you out of the freakin ' house .
` ` i think there 's one thing left that i need to ' cover ' if you do n't mind . ''
after that , only one thing was on my mind : whose blood was it ?
i thought for a second about scrapping the whole thing .
the most important thing is that all his possessions are yours , free and clear of any liens .
and there was another thing .
` ` and , one more thing .
right now , the main thing was that everyone was safe for the night and that i had a little time to figure out what to do next .
maybe it 's a chemistry thing . ''
but one thing confused me .
but that 's not the only thing gone awry in this barbie - fied alternate universe .
and the only thing i ' m worried about is whether or not she 'll ever want to see me again .
as i sip my coffee in the living room , i try to think of other things , but they all lead back to the most important issue in my life .
the one thing that 's apparent in all of them is that he 's searching desperately for some way to fix things .
finally , dad steers the conversation back to the most important thing .
it 's not just one thing .
tonight the most important thing is getting olivia to safety .
` ` well , that 'll be the first thing on the agenda when i get you back home then . ''
` ` if you 're into that sort of thing . ''
i would never want to lie to ginger , so i carefully avoid mentioning anything that might inspire her curiosity , especially about the whole twin thing .
it 's not a little thing , what he 's saying .
the thing i ' m most focused on , however , is not protecting myself ; it 's what to do with olivia while i ' m gone .
i ' m just not well versed in this kind of thing .
i guess it was sort of a good thing that i had to pretend to be you .
that 's how i ' ve managed to survive all this time - the only thing i cared about was getting to the day i 'd finally take my revenge .
one thing is for sure - the thought of giving him total control , of letting him take the reins , of letting him take me , gives me a thrill like no other .
` ` for all the fury and bitterness i feel , there 's one thing that 's always been at the back of my mind .
i ' m not exactly what you would call religious , another thing you know , but i made a promise , and i have to see that promise through - hence , why i ' m here , talking to you . ''
the next thing i know , his hand grips my hip and he slams inside me .
i do n't want to say anything about lyla and me , but i know he 'll turn this into a bigger thing if i do n't offer up the goods .
it was a close thing , though .
i should have known that would be the only thing he focused on .
one thing was for certain ; we would n't be coming back here until i knew more about the bastard .
it was definitely a man thing .
but that was a small thing when confronted with all of that naked skin .
next thing i knew jared was going to be talking shop about her motorbike or some shit .
the only thing on his mind was the girl with her head between his legs .
totally not my thing .
and even though i had a hurricane of concerns and questions spinning in my stomach , i was completely sure and calm about one thing .
next thing i knew chairs started grinding against the floor , and when i looked around , everyone in the bar was pushing back the table sets to make a dance floor .
not a damn thing had changed .
was such a little thing .
the next thing i knew you took me to the falls .
his hard shoulders flexed under my fingers , and the next thing i knew i was spinning around in his arms and entering the light of the bedroom as his heavy footsteps pounded on the hardwood floors .
the only thing i was worried about was how far jax had to be pushed to do it .
his hands moved behind me , and the next thing i knew he 'd unfastened his belt and yanked it free of the loops of his pants , startling me as it whipped through the air .
things could be clean and sweet and pretty .
` ` let 's focus on one thing at a time .
miller wanted to have a lawyer present before we signed , or we probably would have gone through with the whole thing tonight .
and i could n't show up and ruin the whole thing either .
` ` it 's a good thing i love you , or i would n't put up with your smart mouth . ''
you always just spit out the first thing on your mind . ''
i am not your darlin ' or babe or little thing .
` ` i really thought we covered this whole darlin ' thing last night .
this led her to believe that the only thing he truly cared about , as a politician , was the money coming his way ... just like most other politicians .
` ` uh ... '' she began , nibbling on her bottom lip , ` ` i ' ve never exactly been propositioned ... let alone at a diner first thing in the morning . ''
` ` that 's the main thing , '' he said , checking his watch .
maybe she was being ridiculous about the whole thing .
` ` no , just one more thing , '' she said , trying to muster the courage .
i have one more thing to finish up and then i can introduce you around .
she did n't know why she had gotten so flustered about the whole thing .
the only thing that really bothered her was her slacking on tennis practice , but school and her career came first .
it 's kind of a personal thing . ''
the important thing here is you .
hayden had claimed that he had n't given calleigh liz 's name in the whole thing , but how much did calleigh really know ?
` ` but there is one more thing . ''
we want to keep the whole thing on message .
liz knew somewhere in her logical subconscious that if things were reversed she would have done the same thing .
` ` that 's not the only thing that 's hard , '' he said with a chuckle to himself .
` ` school is the last thing i want to think about . ''
i 'll never like it , and i do n't want this to become a routine thing .
` ` chelsea wo n't stop badgering me about this fracking issue , as if it 's the only thing on the agenda . ''
` ` well , it 's a good thing you 're not wearing any clothing then , or else you might be hot , '' justin joked .
not that he would change a damn thing if he could do it over .
it was a last - minute thing . ''
` ` one more thing , ky . you 're down here to play music .
one last thing .
` ` hey , one quick thing .
in this moment , that 's the only thing in my mind .
he 's hot and sexy and except for this particular thing , he 's confident , a man who knows who he is .
this big , important ... thing .
i invented stories , like girls do about that kind of thing .
they knew it was only about one thing , and they never tried to pretend it was anything but sex .
' i ' m sorry , i- ' ' because that 's the thing i ca n't stop thinking about .
yes , of course she had , there 's no way they 'd risk a thing like that , it was automatic .
' it 's the most important thing of all . '
because of all the important things that could have been discussed , that had been the first thing kumiko had said to her in the midst of the inferno .
the only thing was she had to share with some woman and her children .
when they did it i said i 'd lost it and i started crying because by then i 'd almost convinced myself that i was and the nurse felt sorry for me and said no one needed to know one way or the other , and that the most important thing was getting me over to my stan .
' it 's really not my thing , ' said frances .
' and instead of finally getting my passage overseas and meeting joe again and just being able to enjoy me and him being together , finally being together , which was all i really wanted , we ' ve already got this thing to take into account .
the important thing is for us to be together .
' it 's a man 's place , after all , to arrange these things .
the important thing had been beating irene carter .
and after they had graduated , set up their company , and swapped thinking about women for thinking about software until software became the thing they actually preferred thinking about , deanna lewis fell into that weird pocket of reminiscence you bring out when you ' ve had too much to drink and want to show your co - workers you had some kind of social life at university and did n't spend the entire three years stuck behind a screen .
' a thing ? '
' it 's ... a work thing . '
the only thing jess really cared about was those two children , and letting them know they were okay by her .
ed sat pondering this and other tangled things and wishing he could talk a single one of them through with ronan , until the sky turned orange then neon blue and his leg became completely dead and his hangover , which had formerly manifested itself as a vague tightness at his temples , turned into an emphatic , skull - crushing headache .
one thing at a time , she told herself .
i ' m just saying maybe that one moment should n't be the whole thing that defines her .
when he read it , he experienced a kind of relief : this thing with jennifer stirling had become strangely disorienting .
every kiss since that first in postman 's park had been a hidden thing : in his car , in a quiet suburban street , at the back of a restaurant .
` ` hardly your thing , is it ?
she curses herself for having spent so long in the coffee shop , smoothes her hair , grabs the nearest folder of papers - so that at least she looks as if she 's on top of things - and runs into the meeting .
` ` the last thing that boy needs is her stirring things up again .
we have the busiest weekend of the newspaper 's life ahead of us , and you ' ve had weeks to get this thing sorted .
` ` not your thing about the language of love .
but that was the thing that upset me most .
we 'll talk about parents and people i do n't remember , and college , and mo 's jobs , and i 'll steer her away from the whole sex thing , and before i know it tomorrow will be here and my house will feel normal and today 's date will be a whole year away again .
and as the echo of her voice dies away , the stillness of the glass house becomes a solid , weighty thing and liv realizes , with a growing sense of panic , that her house , her haven , is preparing to betray her .
it was a marvellous thing for david to cut his teeth on , and a lovely retreat for the two of you , but do n't you think you should be in the thick of things again ?
as the door shuts behind him , she leans forward , ' hope the work thing goes ... ' liv stares in disbelief at the space where he has been , her fake cheery words echoing around the silent house .
look , i ' m just going to come out and explain the whole thing .
liv knows they are on the point of outstaying their welcome , but she has to ask one more thing .
' or we forget the whole thing . '
she wants to talk to you and all the other guys about this development thing .
the only thing keeping frank here is that he does n't want to leave me alone . '
some things , like when me and letty used to make camps in our bedroom , or when we used to run around in the garden and squirt the hose at each other , i try to keep in my head because i get worried that she 's fading away and soon i wo n't remember her .
the solicitor had said i would be wise to get all personal matters in place before i talked to anyone , and the list of things that needed sorting out made my head spin .
she sees future trips with david : herself , flicking through guidebooks of local attractions , trying not to show her disappointment when , yet again , there is some important work thing he can not miss .
she looks at his soft , ruffled hair , and the planes of his face , and the way his walk always has a touch of impatience , as if he 's keen to get to the next thing .
the last thing he sees is a leather glove , a face under a helmet , the shock in the man 's eyes mirroring his own .
computers , like books , are my sister 's thing .
his body was just part of the whole package , a thing to be dealt with , at intervals , before we got back to the talking .
' there 's one thing this matt ridley bloke has n't factored in , ' i said .
he had thought about one thing for too long , that man .
they had special equipment that would strap will to them ( apparently , the most important thing was securing their legs so that their knees did n't fly up and bash them in the face ) .
i thought about patrick , and the fact that even as i had collected my things from his flat , unpeeled and rolled up my wall calendar , folded and packed the clothes i had laid so carefully in his chest of drawers , my sadness was never the crippling thing i should have expected .
it was a small thing , but him being able to get himself a drink without one of us accompanying him meant not so much a rest for me and nathan as the brief removal of one of will 's daily frustrations - being entirely dependent on other people .
this is the first thing i ' ve been in control of since the accident . '
girls are my thing .
autumn will get older and next thing you know , she 'll be in school or whatever and i wo n't want to go on the road with her .
kari 's too wrapped up in her own thing lately .
more like i need to change the entire thing .
i know sports are n't her thing and she 's not a football fan whatsoever , but shit , we were sitting in the skybox , getting the deluxe treatment .
ridiculous , since we 're not cooking a damn thing in this place .
and the only thing i could really focus on and enjoy was football .
she said this photo shoot was like the most important thing ever right now . ''
the most important thing is her and the baby .
the last thing i want is drew to see me naked .
i do n't f**king know what 's happening , but next thing i know i reach inside and yank her out .
and it is the absolute last thing i want to deal with .
the next thing i knew i tumbled backward when jake sank onto his knees on the floor of the bus .
i guess at twenty - seven i should have been thinking of getting married , but it was really the last thing on my mind .
` ` oh , just one thing . ''
learning to let things be was the very reason i 'd taken up the guitar in the first place .
i hated the huge thing , but kylie had a point .
` ` looking back , it 's not the strongest one i ' ve written musically or lyrically , but i would n't change a thing about it .
the next thing i knew his hands had slithered around my waist , jerking me against his hard body .
anything related to music was the last thing on my mind with paul 's death .
the next thing i knew the guys had taken their places and began to warm up .
i had one thing on my mind , and that was getting the honeymoon started .
not to mention the physical thing . ''
yeah , i 'd teased about mia being marriage material when she 'd given me a verbal tongue lashing like no woman had before , but marriage to me was an epically sacred thing .
the next thing i knew he had grabbed the nape of my neck and shoved me with all his might into the mirror . ''
i could n't tell if she was bullshitting me with the career thing .
my mother makes certain that things are never left undone or unfinished , that everything is always in its rightful place .
sure , they 're never here physically , but they manage to control every little thing anyway : school , work , therapy .
i need to work harder on this image thing . ''
i do n't answer , so he goes on , ` ` yet another thing you do n't want to talk about .
it 's the last thing i want to think about right now , but it 's unavoidable .
there is n't a single thing out of place in this carefully orchestrated life i ' m living , so i ' m certain sinclair and i will be removing any trust issues between us sooner rather than later .
my work performance is suffering because she 's the only thing on my mind .
there would be no shame in forgetting the whole thing and going home .
not that i ' m into that kind of thing or would expect him to be .
` ` we should become clear about one thing .
the whole thing happens quickly and i ' m concerned about who will watch after bleu while i ' m unable .
he says it was the only thing being discussed at duncan 's tonight . ''
how could she not be aware of such an important thing ?
` ` true , but i have one very specific thing on my mind . ''
she practically turned bleu 's initiation ceremony into a wedding celebration so there 's no limit to what she 'll do for the real thing .
she forgets one thing .
vow writing has been the last thing on my mind so sin and i will be using the ones provided by the chaplain - whatever they are .
we agreed we 'd see one as soon as possible but it feels like another thing we 're jumping into .
he 's laughing because he knows choosing tableware , flowers , and cake flavors are n't my thing .
` ` you are a frisky little thing .
i wo n't have to worry about a thing .
the person living in this place is n't concerned with such things .
for once in our existence together , i need you to cut me some slack and not ask how things went because i ' m not in a place where i ' m willing to talk about it right now . ''
our time as vampire and agape has been nearly nonexistent so i ' m not certain where her head is on the whole marriage thing .
i pretended the detail slipped my mind as i dumbly said , ` ` oh , yeah , i guess i need directions , '' but it would have been fine with me to skip the whole thing and feign ignorance when we returned to school on monday .
i think it was because the game was the only thing in my life that required enough concentration for me to temporarily get claire off of my mind .
i was debating blowing the whole thing off when my phone vibrated with a new text from an unknown .
is school your thing ? ''
` ` the whole thing with cooper seems so stupid now .
` ` i do n't know what 's going on here but one thing is for sure .
i ate the whole thing . ''
` ` but let 's be clear about one thing .
it 's not a girl thing , but the girls that like it , love it , and it 's a rush . ''
for me , this could only be about one thing .
` ` an industry thing ? ''
i was ready to take things to the next level but each night after our dates he 'd either drop me off at home with ellie or tuck me into his bed with a sweet kiss on the nights i stayed there .
` ` one thing , '' he whispered .
it was the only real thing in my life .
comb my hair , brush my damn teeth ... but dating any other man besides ben - that was the last thing on my mind .
without overanalyzing every little thing , i relaxed into his embrace , just enjoying the moment .
` ` that was a one - time thing . ''
why was every little thing so difficult with him ?
not a thing had cooled between me and ellie .
my relationship with her was the only real thing in my life .
she might have said this was something she did n't want , but it was the first thing i wanted to start with , limits be damned .
i had my backpack slung over my shoulder with pajamas , a few toiletries , and clothes for tomorrow since heaven forbid i leave a few things over at his place .
but one thing at a time .
one thing was certain : i did not deserve an angel like mckenna .
the soup bubbled away on the stove and i added the last of the sandwiches to a big platter , carrying the whole thing out to the dining table .
maybe we sit down over a cup of coffee and discuss things like normal people for a change . ''
and i ' ve worried about the same thing .
i had flowers and a bent down on one knee proposal all planned out for today before the party , but like a good fighter , i saw the moment , changed things up on the fly , and went for it .
one minute i ' m standing in the living room being kissed senseless and the next thing i know i ' m being lifted effortlessly and carried into his bedroom .
i tell her about each important thing i need to take care of right before i do it .
he would do everything , except the one thing she wanted .
i thought maybe going to the event at the country club would help me take my mind off things , seeing old friends and what not .
she stared out the window as the landscape changed from small houses to larger estates , wishing that talking about things would silence the increasingly loud voice in her head .
the only thing that mattered was alexander and making him happy .
then why was the only thing on her mind alexander ?
it 's a girl thing , i guess .
` ` now , there 's one thing that we need to discuss before we land . ''
at first , olivia thought that the only thing alexander had kept from her was that they were childhood friends .
one last thing . ''
` ` except for one thing ... '' ` ` what 's that ? ''
` ` one more thing , please , '' he said quietly .
the thing was taped up nice and tight and i could n't help but whimper as the nurse pulled the tape off .
the next thing i knew she was telling em to strip .
not one little thing .
his relationship with lana was a strictly friends - in - passing kind of thing .
` ` she could have had this whole fucking thing taken care of in five seconds flat . ''
i blocked it all out and focused on the only thing that mattered .
my presence was the only thing that got the producer dick wad to move his ass and make things happen at a faster pace .
normally , even though the whole thing would just make me miserable , i would agree to have dinner with my mother .
his face contorted with a spasm of rage , and the next thing i knew trey was lying on the floor of a five star hotel .
the only thing i really had to worry about was emmie 's c - section that the doctor said she had to have because the baby was too big for emmie to have naturally .
scary houses were n't my thing , but this was shane 's bachelor party .
some kind of lemon creme was what harper had finally decided on for the entire thing .
` ` so that was just a weekend thing ?
` ` that was less than a weekend thing . ''
i still enjoyed that part of the job , but i knew angel was having trouble with some aspects of the whole thing .
that means you do n't have to apologize for every little thing that upsets me .
jesse there were some things you do n't want to see first thing in the morning .
as soon as the door opened i saw the only thing that had been on my mind all evening long .
we might argue about every little thing , but linc loved me as much as i loved him .
the plan had been for him to visit at wroth 's farm , but my dad had a few things he needed to take care so i 'd just told him i would drive over to where he was .
if nothing else , gabriella would n't change that one little thing .
tears were pouring down his face as he struggled to cut the stubborn thing , but when it was finally done he kissed me .
another thing that came easy when nearly drunk ?
wroth was too private , too reserved for that kind of thing .
` ` just another thing to have to worry about .
she and axton , along with their two beautiful kids , had moved into our house on the farm and things had gone pretty smoothly for the most part .
i knew that both emmie and natalie were still on edge over the whole thing , though .
for one thing , an association with infected humans was , of course , a doomed prospect .
the break was clean and us guns are used to caring for that kind of thing .
this whole thing is getting out of hand .
anonymity is a big thing in the lounge , everyone wears a mask , cartoon , celebrity , animal or fetish , you ca nt get into the place without one .
holo - fitting , as it is called in the trade , renders expensive last minute adjustments a thing of the past , allowing the master tailor the freedom to work on a three dimensional interpretation of his costume design without prejudicing the final outcome .
oh yes , there was one other thing .
yes - yes , must nt forget that other thing .
i know it 's not your thing , but i ' m glad you 're here .
but harrison was wrong about one thing .
one thing i did n't think of was having the plumbing redone .
ill be fine , its just shock and blood loss , he said as though that really were just some small thing .
well , you know , the strange abundance of crystals is kinda hard to miss , since i ve never known you to be into that kind of thing .
we talked and laughed at the table , passing around food and talking about things that had nothing to do with computer viruses , enslaved cyborgs , or nuclear power plants .
one more thing , katharine says as she stops me .
i mean it is one thing to learn and get the basic idea of how to do something than it is to actually be confronted with it in reality .
you re making sure they re taking their calm , which is the most important thing , and you re not pushing them or being argumentative with themwhich we both know is a smart move .
one more thing , katharine says as i place my hand on the doorknob .
this is the only thing that feels right anymore .
she watched like a hawk to make sure all the weeds were pulled , the flowers were watered and , if things were nt done just so , annie would give them a heaping helping of her mind .
oh , and one other thing .
both entities then waited as i tried to work things out .
things were pretty tight back then , but that made it all the more wonderful when their courage and determination bore fruit .
one more thing , you stay away from that annie lady .
there was one last thing needed to complete the masterpiece .
disgust rose in vanessas heart at the wicked sexuality of the whole thing .
let me tell you how hard it has been taking care of two children , the farm , and all the other things that ... on and on she went .
which , on the third hand , may be a good thing because she had too many other things to concentrate on without that kind of distraction .
the next thing he knew , his right rear cheek suffered a significant pinch pain .
i m sure there is nt a thing to worry about , i think .
druzeel really did not want to lose graeak but knew that eventually , all thing pass .
it was clear that neither man had thought of such a thing .
the only thing that mattered was the coin they were paid .
one thing was for sure : this was not going to happen again .
one thing was for certain though ; he would never be as good as he once was .
one thing at a time , the fighter replied .
the only thing you should be worried about is clearing yourself of the murder you are accused of committing .
it was a good thing i arrived when i did or you two would probably be back on your way to the dungeons .
in fact , that had been the last thing on his mind when he went to meet up with them .
the slow drip of water and the flickering of flames slowly came to his ears as he came to , but his hearing was not the first thing that concerned him .
the important thing is that we bring the crucible to dock with the citadel .
but there was only one thing going through shepards mindthe mysterious third biotic that had shoved her away from liara during the ordeal .
there was a blinding flash of energy , and the next thing he knew , the phantom was sent flying into the opposite wall of the atrium with an immense biotic slam as he choked on the floor .
none of these things had a place here not now .
for somebody who had lectured at university , and clearly loved to talk to the point where you simply could not stop him talking - there was one thing in particular that i found rather odd with alistair .
you re supposed to be showing me around , and the only thing on your mind is matchmaking !
get yourself a well - deserved drink , and i will see you tomorrow for the real thing !
i was told that the whole thing would be for one minute exactly , so what the hell is going on here ?
god , you must have really suffered sitting through all of that , but at least you kept awake that s the main thing .
another thing that played on my mind was what she had very deliberately said to me as i left the house .
just as davila looked as though she were beginning to draw things to a close , i said very seriously , davila , we have discussed pretty much everything that i am aware of , but there is still one more thing that i have yet to tell everybody , and this only took place yesterday .
the last thing that i wanted was to begin reacting strangely in front of other people whenever these flash visions took place .
the last thing that we want is for that persons sinister twin to then somehow be able to get hold of our knowledge of the project , and for them to use that for their own personal gain or indeed , even against us do you follow what i am getting at martin ?
i did nt know about her , but the only thing on my mind just now was sarah .
however , there is one thing that has been playing on my mind .
` ` absolutely , i hear you are quite an expert on this sort of thing , '' brinkman said .
it is a personal thing between you and god . ''
one other thing , aquarius offered .
the important thing is that you re still alive and with us , she said .
things got to change for the better , he murmured , or ill be living in a pine box six feet under .
well , we were always interested in the same sort of thing .
there was a final report on the church to be filed , a mere formality , really , but it was high time she put the whole thing behind her .
well , for one thing , he was broke and he did nt like it .
beta was right about one thing , he admitted to himself .
for one thing , her skirt was hiked up way too high for her liking , and she could n't yank it back down to her satisfaction , thanks to the freaking handcuffs !
dave assured jenny that he would be back for the board meeting ( held at duck 's ) on friday night , june 10 , before jetting back to la to wrap things up , knock on wood .
if this was just about making money , i would chuck this whole thing , right here and now .
there is one more thing .
one more thing , son .
it was a near thing , but one of our surgeons was available .
oh , one last thing , everybody .
there was one more thing he had to do before he went inside for the final briefing .
knowing her place , she could nt rush things on david , but she needed to get as much as she could on the patch before mike returned from his overseas expedition .
cross will marvel and remember your mojo , and that s the most important thing .
for one thing , the patch is only a concept , in the research and development stage it does nt exist .
but there is one thing .
the long night was over , but boffin had one last thing to do before he could take his nap .
it had been a near thing , however .
things quickly got out of control , and a gang of hooligans ( inspired by the uks bonny black prince ) began to break windows ( some of the businesses on telegraph had not yet replaced their windows from the last riots , leaving the plywood barriers in place , for prudence sake ) .
first things first ; you know that thing you used to call free will ?
unfortunately , you ca nt just decide a thing like that , victor .
the only thing that mattered was finding mina .
rus had cobbled together some rudimentary carbon scrubbers , but one thing was clear : the profit would have to find a friendly station , and soon .
` ` it 'd be nice ... but translating stuff is a hands on thing , '' i said haughtily .
the most important thing of all was that the place that they did their research would be prominently displayed .
` ` except for one thing ...
he could n't be worried about every little thing .
and now that stupid fuck came up and ruined the whole thing !
` ` there 's one more thing , '' shelly added .
she was about to refuse solely on the principal of the whole thing .
another thing , captain .
but one thing above all was as clear as the kondogopan sky to aleksey vasily as he stood at the fire - damaged entrance to ex - prime minister mokrikovs office .
for what seemed like hours the four discussed many things and anna finally felt as though she had found her place , where she was meant to be .
and there s one more thing i have to do .
and one thing above all others was as plain as night was black : he could nt go along with this , not now .
there s just one thing , justus said .
he shook his heavy head , reminded himself why he was here : his girls were the only thing that mattered .
there s just one more thing , justus said .
at least for a few minutes i can let my mind think of other things other than my own possible death , so i focus on the grass .
theresa griffin was murdered and that might be something interesting to investigate later , but first thing was first .
i ' m safe , safe to worry about other things , so i study the star on my palm .
the last thing he wanted was to become beholden to printer , certainly not so embarrassingly quickly .
sure thing sir .
a small thing .
it was one thing to see how tall the balconies were and another to actually climb to them .
and knowing who created the world was the important thing , not the how .
however , this was one thing she had to finish .
for some of you , this will be the first time that you ve seen a toralii , and i want to make sure that i m clear about one thing : saara has proven herself very willing to assist us in our endeavours and , accordingly , she is being granted limited access to the beijings non - classified systems .
fuck , james , this is nt some small thing , you know ?
strapping that pipe down was the important thing .
we leave it as is , just wrap some line around the whole thing as a backup . '
i ' ve had a guided tour of the modified ship and the most significant thing to me is the four seats at the controls , these days .
one thing they were in general agreement about was that the ship , all things considered , was reasonably happy .
one thing they were in general agreement about was that the ship , all things considered , was reasonably happy .
i just wanted to spice things up a little .
i m always in two minds about that kind of thing .
maybe its a guy thing , but i loved it !
how would he feel if mother or father rummaged through his bedroom hiding places and found his private things .
but one thing he did knowfelt it so strongly his heart glowedmade the whole crazy incident seem somehow worthwhile as father and mother led him home .
all things considered , their dining here together , warm , employed , and under the biggest christmas tree in london , was something to cherish .
outside himself , edmond had accepted his fate , and the only thing that mattered now was for him to not go to pieces in front of the veterans , in front of mr . mulqueen .
for one thing , he d been to the ends of the earth time and again , for long periods in the air corps .
next thing i knew , we were both through the glass and shattered .
but one thing is still unclear ; why do they want to hold survivors prisoner ?
one thing is certain , due to jeremys incapacitation ; i was the groups new leader , even if temporary .
the important thing was that we all were safe , and i was thankful .
one thing was for sure now , i had to get out of here and help my friendsassuming they were still alive .
` ` the important thing is your ok now baby , that 's all that matters . ''
there was a small amount of time where the only thing that was running through my mind was were not going to make it , the whole building is going to collapse on top of us .
one thing was for sure , our lives had just gotten a lot more complicated than it already was .
one thing was for sure , we needed another method of transportation .
you fell on top of me , and then the next thing i know i wake up with you in the boat .
but one thing still concerns me .
stop arguing about every little thing !
if i had n't been as aware as i was i would n't be here right now , and that ai n't the kinda ' thing i wan na ' think about , y'know ? ''
a couple of hours passed by , during which there were various yelled conversations about anything and everything other than the one thing that no one wanted to be the first to mention .
` ` that 's one thing you do n't have to worry about ma'am , '' replied dan , laughing .
an old buddy of mine who went all screwy in the head , dan nodded to k. but that s taken care of sir , you do nt have to worry about a thing .
he was the kind of person who you got the impression never really listened properly , his mind flitted from one thing to another without so much as to break for a breath .
` ` i just hope that jemma 's been running things ok , i ' ve not heard a thing from her . ''
` ` this is a huge thing to take in , i ' m just glad it 's you having to make the decision and not me . ''
one thing though ... why are we expecting the marie celeste to be out here ?
there is one thing though , began dan .
you would have got everyone straight onto the next thing on the agenda .
she nodded to one of the many heavies stood around the room and the next thing he knew rogers was knocked to the floor , blood spilling from his left temple .
well the important thing is that you re here , replied trixi .
one thing ma'am , said jd .
they all had the same thing on their minds though , they wanted to send pete out properly , and they were going to do so by getting blind drunk .
the whole thing is on dv , signatures all check out .
` ` well , refrain from killing any guests , for one thing , '' haining smiled slightly .
` ` if i speak louder , it 'll spoil the whole thing . ''
his orders had been explicit about one thing : in the event of capture , terminate pickup and escape and evade .
` ` i still need you for one other thing . ''
school 's another thing i feel guilty about .
the important thing is that they are still growing , so we can not let them die of old age .
many of them believe that the law of the jungle is the natural way of things , and that the world is a place provided for ambitious people to practice their skills by accumulating wealth and control over others .
there is another thing perhaps i should not mention , but i will .
so maybe one trip into this crazy sim world and then we drop this whole thing ?
the only thing important to me , is to be with you .
that s one thing i need to talk to you about , scott .
my lord , before you go , based on some of our previous discussions , i believe there is one thing you should be advised of .
one more thing , elena kept instructing .
this eric can help him with some super important thing .
there was one thing though that calmed him down .
there was one thing i overlooked : the suit i was wearing was nt the one i had on the day the miracle occurred .
there s one thing though they can refuse our offer .
now the only thing i worry about is atlasov and his team .
one thing was confusing though : how did two kids manage to get inside the spaceship unnoticed ?
there was one thing that troubled him : whether ruslan put the morpheus virus in the lunar rover before lomov arrived .
seth judged the hypothesis and found it preposterous but since she could n't come up with a better explanation she left the whole thing alone .
one last thing admiral , will your genetics analyzer include interspecific analysis ?
i have decided on one thing already , she said in a lowered voice .
only one thing was certain without that scooter he was nt moving very far from this spot .
i want the real thing .
or maybe he should just forget the whole thing .
oh , and one other thing , winston said , while you re out there , ask quincy and jack if they d like apartments in the penthouse .
one thing mitigated his distress , however : dr . blake was wearing sunglasses .
oh , and one other thing , winny .
only one thing was absolutely certain : he would never serve the roboto fascist regime .
that s the main thing , quincy said .
nightshop is nt one thing , aunt cleo said .
though he really thought she was a little obsessive about the whole thing .
a thing ?
i mentioned it to him and he blew the whole thing way , way out of proportion .
the fifty - pound pack for a week in the wilderness was becoming a thing of the past .
the only thing we had to discuss was our trip , and he had no interest in talking about it .
and , the most important thing of all ; if you ever find yourself infested with fester tails , remember to never strike up a conversation .
before they were too far apart , eliza yelled , ` ` one more thing !
i swear i never changed a thing .
izzian had more important things to discuss than the mating habits of the slimerot slinker or the whoosper trees of the huckchuck region .
` ` one more thing , '' said paksha .
do n't think a thing about it izzian , '' mirtheea said , slathering kisses onto her son 's face and scalp .
the university scouts only talked to the most exceptional athletes , and a generous athletic scholarship would be nice , but today was just a lark , just a for fun thing to help her get her mind off of the only thing that really mattered right now , the giant comet heading straight for earth .
maybe he decided to forget the whole thing and left without his suit .
he and his colleagues had just spent the afternoon running through their entire programme again looking for an error that actually did nt exist and he was feeling unusually pessimistic about the whole thing .
things will settle down , and then with companies like this incapacitated small ethical companies will be able to rise up in their place .
there was just one thing she had to do first .
i suspect very strongly that flaire is up to something dastardly , but i am sadly without the appropriate faculties to solve the thing myself .
it is very impolite to ask a man such a thing , astrid .
i guess its pretty , if you like that kind of thing .
one thing for sure , ruth thought .
` ` there is this one thing more , however . ''
things were falling into place , and the insanity was becoming as real as brain surgery to her and just as effective .
` ` for one thing , aiden , this safe house is too close to the road , that 's why .
now that things had become nip to tuck , aiden naturally rose to every occasion .
` ` just one thing .
just keep in mind , you two play again , do nt let him win a goddamn thing .
i know i ve made a mess of things and trespassed in this whatever this thing is .
he had to decide though he knew one thing for certain ; he was going to make sure his abbs death was slow , bloody , and intensely painful .
he then begins to leave when the secretary says , oh , colonel , just one more thing .
that is one thing i can probably change as president !
but surely , i replied , all this may just be a natural thing of little consequence .
the next thing i was aware of was serinae 's eyes on me and i turned to see her holding out her hand to help me get up and stand , you have to come and see this mini .
and another thing , why have nt you ever mentioned to us that you had knowledge of those beings back in amentura the ones that perpetrated the attack and the people blamed you for .
the fine looking vessel had three masts and although not overly displaying much in the way of ornate wooden carving , the one thing she did have was a charming well carved figure head of a beautiful woman with long flowing hair , which was a good thing because her hair was the only thing she wore to keep her modesty .
they are few in number now having lost the ability to reproduce , the stories tell that long ago they traded love for immortality , but one thing is for sure mini , something of great importance has surely happened , for they very rarely venture forth in the world .
one thing was certain though the place depicted in the seeing stone was certainly no dwarven mine and the dwarf , who appeared and died in the story was not known to any that thndrn had shown the stone to .
i must admit i also found the whole thing highly amusing .
the room fell silent for a while , then rtmnd again breathed deeply and said , there is one other thing .
if the tieaneatthegoran are involved then this whole thing is becoming very serious indeed .
but one thing is for sure , tezrin or someone as yet not known to us may well be dark elven by race , by contract or by personal ambition and this person is looking for certain ancient artefacts .
the only thing we agreed upon was that we needed to recover the biplextor that tezrin had , the one in the necklace and any others that may be sought in the hope that the tieaneatthegoran did not get hold of them first .
for one thing the interior of the carts looked quite small and compact and i thought i might get a crick in the neck from the confined space .
seems such a small thing , this ere wee burn be all that divides home from his voice trailed off as if he had no words for what lay within the lands on which he now stood .
yes , but names are but names , the important thing is that you know of whom i speak , for he is present in every races memory , in every culture .
one thing is for sure though , whatever he seeks i suspect is not for good and certainly not for our benefit .
we obeyed her orders , my last sight of teouso was of him standing upon the path , he howled loudly towards our pursuers , the bodies were being jerked this way and that , the creatures beyond obviously tearing at them to remove them from blocking their way forward , someone grabbed my arm and i was hauled forward , the last thing i heard was a loud blood - curdling cry and a crescendo of growls , the creatures had obviously made it through and now they and the great dire wolf fought a bloody battle to the death .
i increased my pace , where i found the energy i do not know , but one thing was for sure i did not want to be caught by the creature pursuing us .
i had other plans forming in my mind , one final thing to attend to .
one thing is certain , unsa is going need a big image boost to justify their continued use of resources while environmental conditions around the world steadily deteriorate ... march 14 , 2075 ; unss hermine the bridge of the unss hermine remained determinedly out of focus as they approached their arrival zone near l1 .
all right , the first thing i would like to go over is your individual staff appointments so that you can focus on our meeting from the point of view of your assigned role .
when he regained his composure , adam cain had only one thing on his mind .
the only thing that matters now is getting home , and if i ca nt do that , then who cares what happens to me ?
and one last thing , his voice lowered slightly , if you can not subdue the survivor without risking the lives of the mule - drivers , then you must kill him .
it was a hard thing to think about as she endeavored to do so .
it was one thing to test yourself in a sporting contest ; he could even grasp the validity of fighting to defend yourself or another .
the one thing he could nt appropriate for his own interest was something the project had never managed to test ; his armor mode .
one thing bothered him , small red spots were breaking out on his and andra 's skin .
she decided to drop the whole thing and enjoy the fire and the wine .
andra was not sure what was happening , the last thing she remembered , was running over the sands , then a tall man standing next to her , then nothing .
i thought i told you to keep that dam thing quiet !
the king watched agart take a sip of his po ; how easily my bother accepts her loss , does belief in the gods make such a big thing so small ?
all of these things weighed heavily on his broad shoulders , the only thing that truly delighted him , was seeing andra 's face .
you have stood by me and i am grateful , now only one more thing needs to be done , will you follow me into the golden halls of isarie ?
the darkman rose from his seat , i will go now , i have other things that need my attention .
for the next few days joshua tended to things around ruth 's brothers house , like minor repairs to the fence , working the garden , feeding the animals .
john turned his vehicle off and stepped out and said : the first thing i d like to know is how you figured out the code on the mosaic ?
a moment passed and john said : sure thing , then he hung up .
but he had forgotten one thing , his hand .
it was a bridge that she pointed too , it connected one side of a vast canyon with the other , centuries old , rusted and pitted with age but still intact , who built it was lost in history but one thing was certain if they could cross it they might have a chance at survival .
programed to seek and destroy the scavenger had done what was expected of him , but his reconditioned brain was incapable of doing anything else , whether he found glory in his death would never be known but one thing was certain , he was dead .
tabitha felt like laughing , a diversion had been the last thing on her mind .
just nothingness in all of its glory , but with one more thing ... no time .
the only thing now is to figure out who made the bracelet .
whatever , the important thing is to get to the wall .
nara led me back inside and i went back to mama , only one thing on my mind .
in some ways it will probably be easier going through it together as you re both worrying about the same thing , both know something of how the other feels .
next to bringing all our people back that was the most important thing for us .
one thing was clear the ship would need more resources , a lot more resources , for what he had in mind .
there s one thing i want and one thing only a ship .
one thing seemed to worry it .
one thing you should be asking is what is the name of the planet these silly creatures live on ?
i say the only thing that is backwards is the fact that we have paid you for a non - existent show , when in fact you should be paying us for the wasting of our time .
instead they prefer to time things out in general , ballpark phrases like when that thing happens later on .
one thing is certain , they were destroyed by the nearest object of dangerous proportions .
one thing is certain , well probably never mention or think of them again .
one thing was for certain , i definitely harboured a deep desire to murder both rip and wilx .
things are fine if you re an aquatic creature , mind you , for below the surface is a veritable paradise among water - planets , but above the surface is a nightmarish place permanently stricken with storms and hammering downpours .
the only thing we are confused about is why no one else but the grollers ever saw the movies in the sky ?
what was beyond the gateway of the vortexes he created was unknown , but one thing was certain , if you threw something into the vortex you would never see it again .
zeina : sure thing , counselor .
this is a very serious thing .
the important thing is that you told me .
the most important thing for you is to get out there and make things happen !
very important thing , roach said .
i did nt want to make a big thing of it and spook him so i changed the subject and we chatted until he disappeared into the ballroom .
there s just one thing , i said , thinking of another twelve things just off the top of my head .
he always was very uncomfortable with the whole thing , fearing he was the great pregnamancer instead of the pyromancer , but it was nt like him to dwell on it .
i could nt watch , it was only a matter of time before the whole thing descended into some kind of dry humping embarrassment .
one last thing , donna asked hurriedly .
well take things steadily at first , some gentle exercises in the pool , that kind of thing .
and the other thing i should mention is that if that thing is really travelling towards us at that speed , which i gather is the speed of telepathy and esp , then presumably it ll arrive at more or less the same moment that your spirit detector spots it .
it was now almost half an hour since the mind had formed and begun broadcasting its presence , and although she did nt relish the thought of meeting extra - terrestrials , the last thing she wanted was for them to delay their arrival unduly .
she decided it did nt really matter if they had gone back , the main thing was that the portal was no longer here on earth .
the thing is , if you re this incredibly powerful being , why are you so keen to visit me to help in the kitchen and play monopoly and scrabble and risk and stuff like that ?
morts brutally frank assessment of their relationship last night , that it could never lead anywhere , had thoroughly quenched the elation shed felt at her victory over the aliens , and now the only thing of any consequence was the fact that she was forever trapped in her dolphin body , with no place in morts human home .
that s not the most important thing , you stupid dolphin .
the most important thing is that its got you inside !
one thing was certain : without a portal , she would never find her way home unaided .
the main thing now was to get back to earth and make whatever preparations were necessary for that great encounter .
one other thing , clara .
no one knew what the outcome of this visit would be , but one thing seemed certain : whatever it was , she would play a prominent role .
that was not the sort of thing he could contemplate , not with all the messiness that might entail .
and , now that he had taken action , he was nt going to worry too much about what he should have done ; the important thing was what he did next .
we have to be very careful with this sort of thing ?
` ` one thing guys , i want you to know that despite all the smart talk , i really -- '' there was a bright bing sound that interrupted andy .
one thing was for sure , i would nt want to spend a winter here and find out .
for one thing , i do nt think pete and roth can hurt us .
one thing we have not discussed , sir ... what do we do if they actually catch us ?
frig , the one thing you have not taken into account is the fact that you have come full circle .
yet while on that bus reading haruki murakami , i thought of bill when he had called me and asked : is it a bad thing that i m more depressed over my iguana dying than my girlfriend breaking up with me ?
i checked the whole thing , top to bottom .
oh , and one more thing my father and i will be taking his ship down to the planets surface after the fighters have conducted their security sweep .
the ground beneath her feet began to rumble and the next thing she knew she was falling , screaming as she careened towards the river of lava below her .
okay , one last thing before i go .
but that s the last thing you should be worried about .
there is another thing .
but the one major thing to consider here is that every night we run the risk of more revenants being brought violently to life .
but she was really only a consultant , so he was sure the sergeant would nt have an aneurysm over the whole thing .
even though it was for my sister and me , i see stuffed toys as more of a girls thing , and its belonged to her since we were kids .
that is the only thing , out of everything , that i think she would need my assistance with .
its much too casual a thing to exist in this world .
there s another thing , though , i add .
for a single moment he s the only thing holding us together .
the weapon is a different thing altogether , and i have no idea why you re looking for that .
the only thing that is a fraction of colourful is the collection of food trays pilled on the worktop .
if i step in now i could screw up this whole thing , but its pointless anyway .
the only thing we have nt worked out is how were gon na do it .
you do nt want to know about this kind of thing .
one thing is for sure , thoughhe loves herand although that should worry me , it makes me feel better .
well you re actually close about the whole starfleet thing .
well sir it has been fine but there s just one teeny thing .
these are the kind of things you learn about in usm history class seeing as mining is a very controversial thing in the usm .
chorsts rinky dink scanner had only been wrong about one thing : feb had died before his passing through the 4th dimension but the hand had still been there for five - hundred years .
the air was cool like inside a refrigerator although that was the last thing on svens mind .
the usm was not the only thing that was shifting .
maybe that was just how his species was or maybe it was a security thing .
one thing had not changed his impassive expression .
` ` one thing intrigues me , though .
ishtaeth always had her way , in the end , about every little thing .
there is one other thing , ishtaeth said .
there is one other thing .
see to that thing for me , would you .
oh , and one more thing , when you return to the surface , take the fully operational sentinels with you .
the moss was n't simply content in its new environment in the cave farms ? it thought about things .
for one thing , if you have the technology to travel between stars , it 's my guess that there 's no way they 'll easily penetrate the hull of your ship with our primitive weaponry .
it just was n't a part of their makeup to consider such a thing .
` ` but what about that other thing ?
what it 's made of and that sort of thing ? ''
` ` there 's one other thing , '' liberty added quickly .
blalok explained that it would project a three dimensional picture of the procedure , with precise imaging as though it were the real thing .
there s one more thing , he said , pulling out the paper that fintans father had signed earlier .
one more thing , said fintan .
stowik was proud of his work ; the only thing left to finish the job was to install the engine .
coupling is the last thing on my mind right now !
that all sounds good , except for one thing .
it was one thing to design it , but to actually fly itwow .
i d never worked in such a place , but i d read that the best brew relied on human intervention- that cooking was closer to playing music- since little things like freshness of the beans and the ambient temperature could make the difference between an okay cup of coffee and a work of java art .
but hand is easier to say than the other thing .
they will plant the idea to obey and support xeres management in all things .
` ` some of the guys over there are working the whole thing out , i overheard them .
` ` oh , one last thing : go home tonight .
the thing that is confusing is that you were nt even part of the translation prep team , though you were assigned to the trans lab at the time .
the only thing that mattered to this beast was whether i would eat him or taste delicious .
` ` well , he was right about one thing .
` ` is it a good thing that the heavens are filled with fire ? ''
fink and tori stood with one other jury member , idly chatting away as if the impending trial was a minor thing .
he paused for effect before continuing , ` ` one other thing : there have been reports of unidentified aerial objects throughout the northern provinces over the past few months .
danny callbeck had been correct about one thing , however .
things may go just fine down there , and all of this will be like wind in a meadow .
` ` do n't worry about a thing joe , we 'll get you patched up ... '' joe managed a weak smile , ` ` i do n't know dan ... i feel pretty ... shitty ... '' a chuckle escaped his blue - tinged lips .
well , i spent a lot on focus , lilith , and i m going to focus on just one thing when i m playing .
really getting into this biology thing .
one thing is certain though , the final rank of a player is weighed heavily by two things .
one thing is certain though , the final rank of a player is weighed heavily by two things .
for another thing , the flames were burning furiously and the heat from them was very much a factor as russell drew closer .
not a thing , except his wallet .
not a thing , trayn replied .
* * * there is one thing we have nt thought about , ged said , looking up from the screen .
the thing is , how often do things run quite so smoothly as that ?
the thing is , how often do things run quite so smoothly as that ?
there is one thing we must decide on right now , said thomas .
the being could not alter the course of events as it was completely incorporeal , it had however been able to gently push things into place , things it knew would ensure the survival of mankind .
most of it was complete gibberish , but one thing was perfectly clear .
one thing at a time , dan replied .
he was deep in thought and had not really being paying attention to what was going on , and the next thing he knew he was knocked back , flying several feet through the air before he landed heavily .
i tried not to think about the whole thing , but the harder i tried , the easier dark thoughts crept into my head .
one last thing , oren gale .
it became the only thing i cared about and the only thing i wanted to do .
but the last thing he saw was the watch on his left hand and beyond it snowflakes settling on the naked stubs of apache plume .
it was nothing to do with ... the other thing .
it took him a while to adapt to this new way of moving , but he had done a lot of adapting lately , and this one little thing would not stop him .
there is one last thing we need to take care of , and that s money .
i think being in the union certainly has its advantages , the important thing is that you are aware that in any system there are going to be people who abuse their power .
sending henry was dangerous enough , if he was captured the ripples that would cause to the future were so far reaching as to be unreadable , but one thing was clear from alberts visions , if she , or he went near scultura .
the men talked for while about things she could not always understand , from what she could figure out they had come with a high - ranking official to pick fruit .
one thing , do you think they ll arrest us if they find us ?
i was nt able to resolve a thing .
now my life is the only thing at stake .
its the latest thing we were working on before i- left the company .
i suppose the thing most worrisome to me is not what well eatbut what might eat us .
i would not change a thing .
personal grooming was the only thing the computer could nt maintain for her .
you and me both , this whole arc thing is a really tough gig .
one thing he knew for sure , he was on his own .
` ` well , sweetie , for one thing , you 're lucky that i decided to slip off to hawaii after we talked .
so hunting is n't your thing .
focus , one thing at a time , he reminded himself .
` ` nick , '' jimmy began , ` ` there 's one more thing that i have to go over about this plan .
` ` but there was one thing , jimmy .
oh , you know , there was one thing .
there was one more thing , jhahnahkan continued .
with his free arm , rex opened up the trucks passenger door , and it creaked and made a popping sound , do nt worry about a thing , mister .
oh , and another thing , have nt you ever heard about using contractions ?
there is one more thing , kate said with a slight hesitation in her voice .
there is one more thing , tamika said as she folded her arms .
none of the books that ever flung themselves at red cliff had anything to say about the machines , and the machines were the one thing he most wanted to find out about .
oh , and one more thing before you go ; get rid of the delivery guy .
your father wants me to give a grand speech about eretia 's place in the scheme of things .
that s the last thing i want to think about right now , pird , sye said unhappily .
of course i have , though i had some more important things to tend to before i could carry a chat with you four , the oracle gave a dramatic sigh , after some very tedious defragmentation i managed to access a few of my corrupted areas .
one thing at a time . ''
` ` there s another thing , '' put in kalor .
as a cub in a fierce and matriarchal society , her survival was a delicate thing .
and do n't forget one vital thing , little one - i care , chlorien , very deeply , and know you for what you truly are , my feelings unconditional . ''
however , the guard was right about one thing .
this was nt the type of thing you could discuss in the oprust district , not knowing who would turn you over to the adveni for a few coins .
oh , and another thing , he announced .
she did nt think she should really be worried , they had everything planned , but knowing that just one thing going wrong could mean the whole plan falling apart , she had tossed and turned through nightmares until keiran woke her .
there was one thing georgianna still could nt work out , and that was how they had been discovered .
chloe was surprised at her father 's miserly approach to such a minor thing as an airport parking fee .
however , one thing we must not do , is to meddle with events in such a way as to try to either fulfil or alter what has been prophesied .
` ` the only thing that has changed in the present stage of evolution is that i am going to take off my mask .
the important thing , pius told himself , as he cauterised his conscience , was to maintain the unity of the church , and the unity of the government .
what nature of thing , be this rescue , speak you of ?
barse encourages them to keep their voices down , as he does not know how far the sound of their voices will carry and the last thing they want to do is alert those on the island , to the fact that they are here .
chapter 9 day one as gavin pushes the multi - meter away from himself , he exclaims , i can not believe it , the whole thing is kaput !
the one thing we can say for sure , these are not signals generated by our team , we would probably be best focussing in on that fact rather than making wild guesses .
tsaachi is serious thing , little brother .
there s one more thing .
tsaachi is serious thing .
one thing to keep in mind is that science and time are at our disposal .
there was one thing he had thought much about , ever since celirnas genetics were exposed .
i explained the whole thing to him .
no , that s one thing you ll learn .
i ' ve just never been very good at the people thing .
it was a good thing you were on the ground actually , otherwise that blast might have driven a bone chip right into you .
a semi visible cape was about the least impressive thing the old ones had ever done , in the scheme of things .
moses did n't care if it was satan or not ; he still wished for a miracle ... something to bring back the man who had almost single - handedly made poverty a thing of the past .
the important thing was that he had come back , and that steps were being taken to make sure that it stayed that way .
one thing did intrigue him , however , and that was the deep feelings he remembered having while unconscious .
jorge decided to ask the thing that had been bothering him .
for the one thing , the hunting was nt as good .
the only thing , said arciss , as he stood to leave , that we can be certain of , is that this path was determined by the kal - durrell .
^what are you doing ? ^ ^there is one more thing , ^ cast hildnic somberly .
you must be focused on one thing , and one thing onlythe preservation of your company .
love , jennifer and christopher martucci oh , one last thing before you go when you turn the page , you may be given the opportunity to express your thoughts on facebook and twitter automatically .
yet another thing her family would likely rake her over the coals for , if they knew .
yet another thing shed probably rot in hell for .
the sword compresses for concealment , but the important thing is the monofilamenta monomolecular edge of carbon nanotubes .
the only thing you should be focusing on is getting us off this planet without either of us dying .
next thing she knew he was flying over them , throwing knives soaring into the soldier shooting the crowd .
you ca nt make things better unless we keep them from falling apart in the first place .
there were so many places here she had only begun to explore , so many things she had nt even considered .
whatever else the grove on our land was , it was the most important thing in our lives .
` ` worst is , next thing you know , your family is different people , and things you thought happened did n't happen , and folks say things happened that you do n't remember .
the most important thing now was to get back where i started , to my own world and my own ned .
the other thing we figured out is that worlds seen in the cube change about every six hours .
were it not for the terrible destruction that sickened that place , things might have gone beyond kissing then and there .
mom and dad just kind of ignore the whole thing .
` ` only one more thing .
` ` well , for one thing , i ' m not sure that what i had could be considered to be nightmares ; i seemed to mostly enjoy them , if anything .
i want this thing taken care of before it leaks to the press and the government !
its a complex thing , the temperature of shower water ; most people do nt realize that .
` ` a library is n't the proper place for such things ! ''
now i was seeing the real thing , not farseeing short glimpses in bits and pieces .
but if there was one thing that wodi truly despised , it was bickering over small things .
i did nt realize you were an expert in this sort of thing , said hermann .
but there s one more thing : anything that leaves the web of reference has a three day shelf life .
uh , for one thing , said marlon , those were nt guardians that sent us here , and for another thing , i think its pretty obvious that they made some kind of stand out here , a stand against demons .
uh , for one thing , said marlon , those were nt guardians that sent us here , and for another thing , i think its pretty obvious that they made some kind of stand out here , a stand against demons .
so finally the demon approached and was able to speak with ezek , but then the demon told ezek that one thing still held him back from an understanding between their people go on , said didi .
the thing that strikes me as absurd , said didi , is that we needed these undeveloped , buffoonish , power - hungry children in the first place .
the important thing , i say , is to shape a human into the kind of person who is fully fit for fit for power and creation .
soul taker was incapable of taking part directly , but he could crane his head and see down into the depths inversed , at the peak of something like a flaming mountain where the thing was discussed .
` ` yes for now , i 'll be in touch ... oh and one more thing , make sure miss dandridge get 's some sun , she looks kinda pale ... and i want her hair longer and curly . ''
things had been going well , he had bamboozled that ditzy blonde smith had sent in her place , even managed to get her to put the story back to the civil war .
instead of students worrying about finding a place to live and a job all at once , the government made the transition much smoother so they only had to focus on one thing .
its a good thing she s not you , milo chimed in .
he put the movie back and moved on to the next thing that piqued his interest .
chapter thirty - two after describing the dream to aris , there was still one very important thing alex wanted to discuss .
there have been many rumours and speculation as to miss grays whereabouts , but one thing is for certain , history will forever remember this young prodigy .
but there was one thing i wanted to ask .
i do nt think she much liked us joking about that sort of thing .
we were far enough away from the busy platforms for anybody to overhear , but i wished they were whispering when talking about that kind of thing .
she seemed so nonchalant about the whole thing .
they seem to want the whole thing .
i know that there is one underground somewhere that controls the whole thing , but i m not too sure about it .
the most important thing is to end this mess once and for all .
they are being trained by professionals and soon will be in charge of the whole thing .
as if my actions are a normal everyday thing , i point at the guard with my gun and answer her stupid question , i m going to take out that s.c.m .
for one thing , we need to find who murdered my mom .
kat saw stephanie save chad and he was safe and everyone else , at least for the time being and that was the most important thing at the moment , so she raised her hands and shouted , i surrender .
there is one more thing , general , that i m worried about .
another thing is this ; you said that it must not lead to exploration .
there was one thing .
it opened up to a strange room , a room with proof of wear , a room that seemed to be a dead end , except for one thing .
to you and me , this is the most important thing .
by then i can tell , from the way she s shuffling around , that the whole thing makes her nervous .
especially , when , considering all points of view , it is over some ... thing that is hardly worthy of anyones attention .
the guards for the most part ignored the whole thing .
the first time she had to take off her panties she had almost called the whole thing off .
it sounded like a strictly organic thing .
and the only thing to worry about was an incident with darvan in the night .
one thing that the b , c , and d classes had to be concerned with was how much cash they were carrying at any one time .
yeah , and there s one more thing .
chapter 20 facade killer plans darren and amber did nt discuss the amy thing any further for more than a week .
the other thing was the ` ` mr . cosworth '' business .
without it things would be flying all over the place .
next thing you need to know is that no one knows about what your parents have discovered . ''
just one more thing to think over while you lay here sulking .
` ` the first thing you should know is that the average person has no idea other life forms exist .
concentrate on one thing , one small thing .
concentrate on one thing , one small thing .
and such a little thing that i guess it does n't matter .
completely full with every imaginable , and some unimaginable , rule and regulation governing every little thing .
this will be the only thing that truly matters to you , in this life .
simon , lets forget the whole thing and be friends , redgar said hollowly , and he laughed showing his 4 tooth grin .
oh , and one other thing , i left , daydreaming behind .
but , there s one last thing i ve got to do first .
crime was a thing of the past .
for one thing , the robots did have independent minds , but they made big decisions as one group .
this is an ongoing thing , being the liaison ?
this simultaneous time thing , timultaneity , as my son , zephyr , terms it , can really help smooth things out once we get the hang of it .
interplanetary event planning is not my thing .
i have nt even finished the plans , yet , but every single thing even some things i have nt decided , yet , or even thought of fully .
janis adds , a direct hit or the hair thing , again ?
but things unravel when nilo , a despised test bed robot , morphs into fascista ultimo and seizes control using the mech wolves and other robotic monstrosities that crazed human technicians had produced in their final months .
he recalled a colorful expression of his former master : things have gone from sugar to shit .
that s the main thing , winston said .
do nt worry about a thing , big boy , she said , kissing him .
well ... i - i did nt construct any male genitalia for one thing , he stammered .
do nt worry about a thing , iri , star said .
that , and the other thing , of course .
brian : you know ... flesh , skin , breathing ... that sort of thing .
next thing i know , six weeks has gone by , and i am waking up with a full beard and a soft spoken limey is telling me to take it easy and would you please drink some of this gatorade ?
my apologies , i do intend to introduce this young man here , but before i do , i have one more thing i want to share with you .
he did nt know if he was hurt or not , but that was nt the first thing on his mind .
i m trying to figure it out , but it seems no one has ever looked ahead in this whole thing .
then they returned to the farm to take care of final things .
one more thing , malizar said .
the last thing he wanted was to lose him now .
just one more thing , general .
leadership was the last thing on his mind .
the shilvar itself perceived him , and he knew one thing above all was clear .
the next thing i knew , the first man had leapt to his feet , his arm straight in front of him , his gun pointing right at me .
` ` frank , one more thing . ''
it would be one thing if mr . green wanted to be present to protect his client .
` ` there is one more thing to do before you go . ''
now there was only one thing left to handle .
there was just one thing that was making her even more angry than him , however .
the thing that caught katalis 's eyes , however , was not their dress , but the metallic black pistol that was barely visible from under their jacket .
it was probably a good thing she did nt have a name like arwin or gwendolyn because i m pretty sure my inner nerd would ve taken over and i would have kissed her right then and there .
rome is not the best place to have a good knowledge of such things , sir , and after nero ... yeah , yeah , i remember nero .
i glanced over at evonne and noticed that he was watching the spectacle with a shockingly cavalier attitude about the whole thing .
not only that , but it seems that the only thing that has changed since the first caveman bar is the installment of a television somewhere in the 1900s .
lets just get on with this thing , shall we chapter 11 i suppose this would be the best time to inform you that i absolutely hate being rushed into things .
lets just get on with this thing , shall we chapter 11 i suppose this would be the best time to inform you that i absolutely hate being rushed into things .
what with her being all cavalier about the whole thing .
of course , you know , i never , like , thought about the whole life or death thing too literally for those of you who have been listening intently like i hope you have , you might actually remember the plan when you hear it .
that ll be klaus , dr . sparks said , seeming almost cavalier about the whole thing .
the important thing is that you put the lid back on this jar and take me to the great oak tree .
one more thing , dave .
we may need to explain some things to michael rowland daffodil .
the one thing he did nt understand was why quack needed a new prophet .
yes , they already had their own intentions and fezfans did nt actually help , but the important thing was that it was there .
i mean , the only thing in my hand when i died was my dick .
but one thing disturbed me .
she pulled me into a hugthe gravitational pull of her two planets sucking my face in like a wayward piece of space jetsamand said , oh , you poor thing .
i will look forward to it , as long as my mom does not mind me having a horse for a friend '' said louis as he smiled widely at the thought of being around a horse , ` ` but you 're right again mr . beamer i do have other more important things on my mind right now , like trying to keep my teeth in place .
if frank would accept his apology , or not , was another thing , but louis had to try , his spiritual and physical journey was now complete , and the truth would set him free .
that is the only thing that in truth that is important .
` ` one other thing , here is a small backpack full of supplies ; it has enough food and water to get you to your escape point at your fairy circle .
` ` last thing i remember was we started walpurgis night and then the widdershins dance '' said louis .
well hob let the intruder inside the home and the next thing i heard were loud voices coming from the laboratory , that 's when most of the kids who were sleeping started to wake up .
one thing was for sure ; there was no longer any way i could leave him without getting some answers .
it did nt really surprise me we d been thinking about the same thing , but i did nt want to talk about it .
the one thing i really wanted to know was what was up with his attitude .
the only thing that mattered now was keeping him close to me .
one thing was for certaini was about to feel more pain .
he composed himself before continuing more quietly , ` ` it was the last thing that ... '' he stopped , as if he could n't say the knight 's name , almost as if he 'd momentarily forgotten what it was .
well , not the last thing , he thought .
for one thing , even at this distance , you do n't expect it to create the kind of wind that it does , nor are you prepared for the sudden change in air pressure that seems to take your breath away .
i 'd like to tell you what the rest of the cave was like , but i only wanted to see one thing : the sword .
-- journal of alcander atendere 24 , 9:20 twenty - two days after the death of beros evetorropelo bayside precinct headquarters ` ` i have one more thing i want to look into . ''
` ` so , teria , '' said gaent , interrupting her train of thought , ` ` would you know if leo 's things were out of place ? ''
` ` sir , i 'd like to help you , but i ca n't give people access to that sort of thing .
` ` just one more thing , '' he said .
one thing though , noy never lets a group gather .
nesk thing i know , were back to start and getting off our caballo .
he has caballos , that s the main thing , and he has reina too .
but before he left , he had to check one more thing .
its not an arm thing .
the last thing i know is that there is an audience out there looking for exciting , well written , professionally edited , entertainment that can be enjoyed by everyone .
renewal by gavin roach and gavin chappell - the river god learns that life - and death - is a complex thing .
and that he called the only peace - breaking that had betid , and said withal that no thing should be held there thenceforward .
then they moved the thing up the ness , where it now is ; and whenas thord the yeller settled the quarter things , he caused this to be the quarter thing of the westfirthers , and men should seek to that thing from all over the westfirths .
of course , and upon such a thing is grafted a story of a vampyre , and the marks of his teeth being in her neck , and all the circumstantial particulars .
vengeance the first thing !
finding the money to build a fleet of big ships is one thing .
one more thing , commander .
one more thing regarding the single - jump - to - sol problem .
the thing is , since our colonies in general , and earth in particular , are now in danger of a direct enemy attack , do nt we need to be able to help defend them with armed cfps considering that we do nt and wo nt have enough ships to defend every inhabited system at the same time ?
secondly , the thing with earthens was that their backwardness meant they concentrated on things no one else did .
a bit of pep and spirit to spice things up .
the other thing was communications .
now the thing on the pms mind was whether having aliens around would finally put an end to racist thoughts or would it merely unite the human race to be racist to other alien races ?
but , as i said , it is not my place to speak on such things .
shed made the thing seem indecent , and even to her i did not speak of it , so i felt abashed revealing it to them .
this was a big thing , and i was brushing it aside .
she was such a small thing in my arms where she belonged , safe .
if i m this big thing this there was so much for her to realize and analyze in her way .
i truly think he has been poisoned , it covers all of the symptoms , the only thing i ca nt understand is why the toxins have not worn off and he has nt returned to normal , as well as why it affected so manyi must visit the forest .
the next thing i remember is sitting on a long bench , looking over the city .
there was one last thing i wanted to ask .
one thing was certain ; i was definitely not going to tell gilik anything about them .
i felt a little better about the whole thing after that .
i looked in the bedroom to see my mother sitting alone on her bed , looking put out about the whole thing .
right , first things first , atreus started to say with his open palm raised and his brain working overtime on how to keep this most unusual of nocturnal visitors pre - occupied with talking rather than attacking him .
one thing was for sure though ; staying in the car was more dangerous than being outside .
not what you know , but who you know sort of thing .
there was one thing i forgot to mention .
everything was going to plan , except for one thing .
we ve still got a lost city to find and another thing , atreus said a little more sternly .
the second thing on her mind was atreus himself .
after initially wondering why atreus had led them all the way out here , the stranger now cared about only one thing , getting out of the situation alive and if that meant shooting everything out of the sky then so be it .
well , that s what i was going to tell you , but before we get to that , lets be clear about one thing .
one more thing , theo said .
one other thing !
one more thing though , before we do , atreus said holding up a finger .
first thing first , she thought .
and though none of them said so , each had to have cottoned onto the irony of that nickname , since sex was the last thing on their minds .
i land this thing , all other protocol can go screw itself .
i would need a minute , so instead i concentrated on one thing .
the next thing i saw was a vacant room with smooth gray walls and flashing green lights and i felt giddy .
the only thing i need to know is whether i 'll be able to hop off this galaxian bus and stay permanently fixed to solid ground . ''
` ` second thing .
` ` oh , one more thing ! ''
` ` one more thing !
` ` how can a little thing like this cause trouble ? ''
the truth did n't really matter , possessing the looker was the only important thing .
` ` oh , one other thing .
just one more thing , retuned the man , staring more rapidly at the bag by corpult .
and one more thing , julian said , returning to the room , you re coming with me .
there is one more thing we have to do before the night is ours again .
chapter 6 electrotelepathy electrotelepathy had been the biggest thing since laser projection building .
the other thing is : does your renewal work ?
without the support of the majority on the ship you ca nt really leave the ship jeffery replied : were not accustomed to seeking opinion on every little thing we do .
just one more thing , wing ?
the shore had been one thing , but now this dashing young man was taking their little girl to the middle of the atlantic ocean with him .
opening a coconut with a machete or other tools is not too difficult , but opening one with rocks is another thing entirely .
thank you mr . robinson , jeff replied just in case any of the other crew members were paying attention , although from the looks of things they were all more interested in drinking their rum or in the games of chance taking place at the far end of the deck .
aye , except for one thing , jenny said as she stepped forward and moved the patch over jeffs other eye .
he decided to keep things relatively simple and make a stew with vegetables and salted pork .
one more thing , jeff started , what s the deal with the asf ?
as two bears had shown him , he closed his eyes and felt the tree at his back , felt it with his inner self , and slowly he understood , more clearly than he ever had before , how things in the forest all fit together .
when you understand your place in all these things , together we will deal with dark and fenster .
second thing .
there is another important thing i must do first , then i will seek you out .
i strongly advise the both of you to leave the entire area until this thing is solved .
one more thing johnny , she pathed .
` ` there is one last thing .
one last thing , barns .
i want to help , johnny , said dooley fearfully , but i do nt know much about a lot of things , and this cube thing i do nt know hardly nothing at all about .
it worked at the healing place really good for me , so good that the gasoline was only to confuse things .
but he was right about one thing .
the important thing is that when you told her to stop , she did . ''
the next thing i wondered was whether i could find out how he felt through my connection to snowball .
i pretended to be interested in what books had been popular at the library , not a small thing in a town that had just endured a blizzard .
it was amazing he only lost a chunk of his hand , instead of the whole thing .
they smiled warmly a moment , ignoring the looks of danish and the director , who were both reevaluating what they had been thinking about the whole thing .
one thing was sure , if they held ammunition this was nt a hick operation , and yet it did nt quite tell of military either .
one thing is certain , you left a body so you re back on the grid .
one more thing , he said .
because the one thing that was for sure , this code administrator was coming straight for me .
well , one thing is for sure .
bored with her humdrum life , renee decides to spice things up by buying a rare flower .
eddie always told him that was the simplicity of the thing .
whatever chan had for him , it was nt the kind of thing that could be taken care of in a few minutes .
what was the other thing you wanted to talk about ?
only a few more weeks and then the whole thing would come to a crashing halt , if all went to plan .
well , you re right about the one thing .
that was dmitrys area of expertise , and he was more than happy to let his friend run that end of things .
one thing at a time , he told himself .
and yes , you keep me working , because i can expect anticipatory inquiries as to when ill be done with the next thing .
sometimes she wondered why she even bothered trying to keep things clean in the first place .
fucking federalies were always up their ass about one thing or another .
i know you always trust your instincts on these things , but i m not kosher with some human cattle prod that wo nt respect my rules just trampling all over the place like he owns the joint .
everyone was more on edge than usual , particularly neptune who had a penchant for speaking before thinking , and the last thing they needed to do was piss off xed .
one more thing , varlock .
another thing , understand that even though you have all these powers , you re not god .
one more thing , dad .
one more thing , derrick johnson .
entry 1 - 042 : february 4 , 2013 building a rocket that still works after 1000 years building a rocket to mars is one thing .
i think they have better , or at least different , things to worry about as to whether the food is vegetable or animal in origin .
for the most part , i want to get to the story so i gloss over such things and only mention plants or animals as needed .
here is another reader 's comments : i did have one thing that was difficult to suspend my believe ( sic ) with .
she added , the one thing uncertain is whether we can travel by horse through this wood .
there s another thing i ve wanted to talk with you about , nevin shot back .
it is a good thing daniel was not here , for he is even more sensitive to the sickness of the sea .
larby nodded his head , saying , ` ` the stars and the sun are important also , but the feeling of the sea and how the waves change is the most important thing . ''
one thing she did nt want to admit to dillon , she could nt cook .
# it was late but conway had one more thing to do before he left his office for the night .
perhaps that man might want to do a favor for someone who keeps that kind of thing out of the public ear .
well , he gasped for breath , good thing she made you ask about it .
you have jeopardised the whole thing .
one thing was for sure ; i needed to fix my unbendable legs , which gave me an idea .
one more thing mr langer , he added .
if that is all sir , i have things that i should be tending to , stated quarbas .
oh , just one more thing before you go .
things had been going well since i started the new job ; the last thing i needed was to be arrested for being more able than everybody else .
one thing was for sure , i had a renewed appreciation for life on new earth .
break it up nice and small so that one bird wo nt hog the whole thing .
just a little thing , he replied , still not meeting her eyes .
oh , one other thing , watch out for the 100s , he stated simply .
she used to just pester the tech squids back at the csps about this sort of thing .
` ` no , while they do rule this place i look at things from a corporate viewpoint remember , and while the board of directors make the big decisions it 's up to people like us to ensure the day - to - day running of the organisation .
i think with a few of my ideas in place we 'll see an increase in base efficiency soon , and hopefully once these masters see that the way i run things will improve everyones lives , maybe further down the track they 'll come around to my way of thinking . ''
you do nt get angry about this sort of thing .
he viewed any project as a military operation , and the only thing that mattered to him was the effective fulfilment of the assignment .
the first thing is to work out how the object , when it has received our signal , will read the word star into it .
things are coming to a head all around the place .
his body would not let him though , it was like the whole thing had stopped taking signals from his brain .
just another thing to add to his list of worries .
of course not , that does not really happen anymore , its more of a hollywood thing .
eating was now the last thing on his mind .
he knew that it would follow him but at least he would be out of this town , out of this place where things were getting a little too close to him .
look lets just get out of here okay , we will worry about one thing at a time , peter said .
right now there was one thing he had to focus on and that was not getting caught .
he had planned on this though , he knew that there would be no one out and about and it made this whole thing a lot less stressful .
it was the only thing that did nt blend with the background of darkness he was using to hide .
he wanted a better view of the house , the size of it from the outside , any potential windows that would give him a better view , that kind of thing .
it would make the one thing he was worried about a lot easier to handle .
his wife was sleeping on her side and that would make it a little harder but this whole thing was turning out to be a total walk in the park .
the last thing he wanted now was an open philosophical can of worms , but he asked , then why did you save me , twice ?
even a libertas could stretch a human lifespan only so far , as physical aging was a thing of the past for them , but not mental deterioration .
for one thing , pats gone , and this soon after her death i just ca nt see a way to be happy in this world without her .
unwanted pregnancies would be a thing of the past , and people would devote to more important pursuits the time they would ve wasted figuring out how to win the game of inter - human romance .
well , dennis figured this was nt a spur - of - the - moment thing , it said with another yank of sabrinas arm toward its previous goal .
what was the first thing you realized was wrong ?
well , for one thing , you probably would nt ve been willing to put me in this body if livingston had nt messed with your brain .
and although they were still many millions of miles from home , there was still one thing of greater interest to them , than their own survival ; the mystery surrounding their new passenger .
from there , he had a clear view of simone , packing her things into the trunk of a black 2028 sedan .
there was just one more thing i wanted to review , before my afternoon tee time , winston answered .
this is real thing .
` ` one more thing , '' added jiao , as the men were leaving to carry out their orders .
` ` one more thing , kayla , '' said caleb .
` ` oh , one more thing before you go , '' said william .
` ` but there is one more thing i want your agreement on . ''
henty raised her hand to wipe the spittle from her face and the argocat , with only one hand one the controls , turned in its own length , crashing lustily into the protesters just as their leader was shouting hoarsely into the microphone , ... and the only thing they notice is the destruction of property , so , sisters , lets wreck a little !
and one more thing , marty , continued hacker .
this is a very serious thing we are about to get into .
leela finally broke the silence : they ve given up on the gun - and - bullet thing , folks , and i think they re gon na break out their new emp weapons , you know , electromagnetic pulse ?
aura , kali , lakshmiwhoever she is nowmust have learned how to manipulate that entity and use its power to fuck things up !
no , benny , not a freakin thing , i lied , winking .
one thing at a time , please , mr . bravo , said cosmo kincaid patiently .
or i could turn him away and be a humanitarian about the whole damn thing .
one more thing ...
my parents were a little gentler about the whole thing , retelling all the stories they had been told by their friends who had married outside of their own race .
james dispersed my need to know such a dark thing with an easygoing tone and a shrug of his shoulder .
i accused him softly , this is not the time or the place to discuss such things , james .
this is the last thing that should be on our minds right now .
the thing he was concerned about was the non action from the army .
like it was a real thing .
it was a real thing now .
the thing that mattered was that she had lain there awake , gazing up at the moon , and she had felt no pain , same as she felt no pain now .
first thing though , we need better weapons .
sandy was a nurse , the closest thing to a doctor the nation had , and she was busy almost every day with one thing or another .
they rarely met , preferring to talk things over as needed , maybe in the barn over milking , up in the cave sorting potatoes , out in the field stripping the seed from the wheat ; it did n't matter .
for one thing , the more we fly around earth , the greater the chances our fellow humans will see the spaceship and try to shoot it down .
suki had been right about one thing , he did nt need a seat belt and the transport landed gently on the sand .
you know i do n't do the whole outdoor thing .
this is n't my thing .
not one single solitary thing had come up .
these invisible eyes were nt the only thing which bothered me about this building .
if there was one thing the school was particular about , it had to be the placement of lighting along every path , outside every building , and throughout every inch of parkland .
the whole thing was very clean , very amicable .
there was something she had to look up , just one more thing .
no , wait , one more thing .
if there was one thing he needed to undo ...
he did his best to dismiss the whole thing .
while there was no crazy sense of any of the adventures that had filled his books and his dreams , the whole thing kept calling him farther and deeper into the brotherhood .
one final thing : ai , advise me of a more secure facility in current locale for use as an office , to conceal the portal and for storage of mission - related materials .
sipping the coffee , he felt forced to ponder things .
he was only mildly curious about one thing .
there had been numerous strategy discussions with ai over this very thing .
actually , there is one more thing .
finding this yellow flower is the most important thing of my trip .
one thing was certain ; they could not sit in the apartment and wait the entire day .
for a man like dr . holbrook , it was a big thing .
downloading and memorizing language and culture was one thing .
i have to keep everyone save , because of one thing .
one thing that i was done with .
i force my eyes shut so hard that after about a minute , i start to see different patterns and different colors , green , blue , orange , checkerboard , stripes , and other things that can not be explained .
i do nt , but the book makes some good points ... what is your take on the whole destiny thing ?
the only thing i m not sure of ... is which box this playboy should go into ?
i just hope they do nt sweep this whole thing under the carpet , matt exclaimed with a look of frustration .
i do nt know , i just hope we have nt come this far to have the whole thing black boxed , he replied .
at least we are safe , and that s the most important thing of all .
things are pretty tense up the valley these days , and here , too , from what i can see , and they 're putting all sorts of restrictions in place .
` ` ok , but one more thing , just so you do n't get blindsided .
oh , before we go , let me check one more thing , '' he said .
he was holding things up , not a good thing for anyone to do , but especially a pastor , especially right after an enemy attack .
so all things considered , maybe cutting her off had been the right thing to do after all .
` ` there s one more thing after all .
` ` well , '' he began tentatively , ` ` there is one thing .
` ` it 's a good thing i was wearing slacks , '' said jane .
some of you rocket scientists do n't know much oh - nothing 'bout important things do yeah ? ''
occupied with other things , rod had never even looked up to see the ufo , or let martha up to chase after the thing , like she wanted to do .
those are the crux of the whole thing .
right now however , they were approaching arizona , and bates found that there was only one thing he could think about .
things really became convoluted a few days ago when ryan , the president 's chief of staff , told him that melberg was the ' most wanted ' person in the country .
the important thing right now was to show some progress so that the effort to save earth had a chance of continuing .
right now the mission has to be the most important thing .
this stop may seem a little out of place , but some highly critical things will happen here .
bates never did understand why milo felt compelled to smell every whiff of urine and pile of poop that he ran across ; it was evidently a ' dog thing ' .
he noted what he interpreted to be consumption of food and oxygen , growth , sensation , and dozens of other things !
` ` there is one more thing to consider , if your anger does not blind you to all reason !
that was his bread and butter shot ; it was the thing that still kept him on the team .
the next thing he realized was a breeze blowing from behind .
i think that is the main thing .
one more thing !
do you still have a case mr . smith or should we drop the whole thing .
the next thing the captain knew was that he was back in his quarters .
one thing we have not discussed is travelling to the point where we came in .
there is just one thing .
the only thing we have nt figured out is how the races all got dispersed , since very few of them are capable of space travel any more .
` ` one more thing , alessia , '' ungarn said , hesitating on the steps up to the transport .
one more thing disturbed gerryls ; he could see by alessias face that the same thing was bothering her .
one more thing disturbed gerryls ; he could see by alessias face that the same thing was bothering her .
but one thing i 'd like to knowwhen you designed the engine , did you deliberately attempt to accommodate the string ?
oh , one more thing , lierva said , wearing a furtive smile .
only one thing gave kiel cause for concern , but it would certainly ensure that the selesta was not followed .
he only cares about one thing and that is his own grand projectno one in the council would promote him to the central city division to work on real starships because they know he 's the meanest deloch that ever came out of the northern snows ... '' ` ` you know that is n't true '' ` ` what would you know about it ?
i had casually told her that hinev was keeping several suspended animation chambers , and then the next thing i knew , hinev had already heard from her that we had both agreed to her having one .
for more than a thousand years , during the long wars for order within the federation , ornenkai had immersed himself in politics once more and returned to the council building , to the affairs of the other elders ; ornenkai had convinced himself that the only thing which mattered was preserving the federation and had even made a few trips to federation planets as part of peace delegations .
the only thing left to consider was when he would be returning .
of course , the population thought hinev was dead ; no one gave much thought to his explorers , except that they were the established method of gaining new territory , part of the natural order of things , like the rain that always fell even in years when the runaway greenhouse effect began teetering towards drought , even in the years when runaway glaciation brought only snow , until marankeils scientists found a way to restore the climate to the average mean .
we do nt know what you might face out there , but one thing is certain : the better shape you are in , the better your odds of survival .
it was a good thing i was a little tall for my age or else i could nt have even reached the pedals .
i think it 's a girl thing , said guido .
one thing at a time , said brock .
after this emotionally - draining afternoon , particularly for shawn , the last thing she wanted to do was to describe why she loved another man to shawn , and how could she tell him they were to be married ?
sally sat stunned ; one thing for sure , she could nt lead them to shawn and ben , which also meant she could nt prevent whatever those two were up to .
one thing for sure , whatever the outcome , the convergence of the forces in play would be in the hawaiian islands .
he did understand one thing though , if the agents wanted them , and they wanted to get away from the agents , and there was someone with enough resources to help them get away the way they just did , he probably wanted them too ; especially if they were related to the sentient project .
oh , and shawn , one more thing .
it was a good thing i did that , as i had made it halfway down the hall when i felt my scabbard hit something in the floor that moved .
oh , and one more thing ; the access doors to the nursery in the stern of the ship , have just unlocked .
i know its a difficult concept to grasp , but for me , its just one more thing i do nt have to worry about .
she s not a thing we can just keep .
you get involved in one thing and then it seems like the whole world is revolving around that one thing .
you get involved in one thing and then it seems like the whole world is revolving around that one thing .
a thing she knew she must bear if she was to have peace .
and do nt think just because its some little thing that it wo nt matter .
it would be a major thing for the coach if he knew i was doing that .
i guess i wanted to prove to myself that she was the most important thing in my life at the moment .
there was one more thing i needed to do .
he had taken the first fruit of many a sweet young thing during his time as an instructor at the school .
the only thing that mattered was the shiny flesh moving closer to her womanhood .
a lot of people admired this house , but jenny already got used to her friends house , and now the only thing that interested her was that she should make it up with her and get ready for the beauty contest with one hundred percent .
and the most important thing was that he had nt have to meet any courier girls so many times .
after the long talking , they asked about more thing too , about her love towards laurence , she also answered sincerely these .
- always , in every community , i have been allways the only or one of the oldest ones , and this thing have more and more disturbed me she remembered now i ca nt to say its good when every girl is much younger than me she was smiling shyly .
- it depends on a lot of thing , i ca nt tell it but who meets only one of these requirements , or with nothing of these , evidently has less chance to i fall in love with her .
- its very personal thing .
- we should talk this all thing over three of us .
that 's one thing off the list . ''
the only thing to consider was the offer of a new home .
she wanted to think of one thing at a time ?
this was just one more thing she had to do .
it was another thing mother had n't considered .
it made sense , and was yet another thing she had n't considered .
then as things got more advanced and quantum computing became common , people could actually deconstruct matter in one place and transmit the gestalt resonance structure to another place .
that s because the really big thing was that ai could not have developed inside our bubble of space - time , but only when it was more directly exposed to that thing we can never quite explain , which i call ultimate reality .
all kinds of things fell into place all at once in the back of his mind .
for one thing , she looked too much like him and too little like her mother , who was the real beauty of the family .
there are many things we can talk about , not in this place , at this time .
one thing that did not require even the slightest bit of questioning was that he was not an attractive guy .
you are far too young , for one thing , and for another , i respect you far too much .
however , if don and i say that the peace fruit is not allowed , for one thing , many of you will do anything in your power to get it .
she and nick are trying to work things out after the whole caspar thing .
now , the first thing , down to business with this museum incident , we know the death was no accident and was nt supposed to occur , , but it did occur .
one thing is certain , we did nt ask to be involved , but we got involved by the grace of god and we acted interfering here and setting things in motion so we ca nt turn back now says drax .
only thing what was those silly accents doing under the c and over the a ?
well , one thing , really .
we were away for most of the past year , and did nt keep up , he started , and i imagine i can get a lot of the information i need from the material cheryls putting together , thank you for that , but one thing i m curious about , and its actually not the most important thing , butwhy is parent licensing under federal , rather than provincial , jurisdiction ?
we were away for most of the past year , and did nt keep up , he started , and i imagine i can get a lot of the information i need from the material cheryls putting together , thank you for that , but one thing i m curious about , and its actually not the most important thing , butwhy is parent licensing under federal , rather than provincial , jurisdiction ?
the important thing , though , is that were independent .
just one more thing , if i may she nodded .
you ca nt legislate a thing like that .
so , what , we introduce her to the whole harness thing first , and then a couple weeks later introduce the snare thing ?
so , what , we introduce her to the whole harness thing first , and then a couple weeks later introduce the snare thing ?
a lot of guys around here are into the whole hunting thing .
he thought he d nailed the whole wire loop thing .
we start a new section of the first part every month , and the second part is sort of a proceed - as - you - go thing .
` ` well the first thing we should start with is why did nt you do an air quality analysis ? ''
one last thing to take care of .
it 's this complex thing - weight of the ship , proximity to other celestial bodies , all that junk .
the only thing she really wanted to talk about was why she kept dreaming about leveman 's vortex , and how much she wanted to knock her mother into next week .
` ` actually , there is one more thing . ''
for one thing , he lay spread out on his back , a vulnerable position he must correct .
i just forgot one thing .
i would have grown to love it except for one thing .
the most important thing is that we actually make it to the gathering tomorrow .
i did nt know how to respond ; it was the last thing on my mind .
one last thing , he rubbed my shoulder .
beautifying ones appearance was the last thing on the to - do list : a fulltime schedule dominated by the priority of survival .
but but there s still one more thing always the showman !
after all , regular showers were surely a thing of our future .
` ` i think it 's a psychological thing , '' ethan said .
oh , and one more thing : your friends will be here shortly .
his tardiness , apparently , was the last thing on her mind .
the only thing that mattered was happening right in front of him .
one thing is for sure , were either at war with somebody or somebody is at war with us .
but one thing you do know , black holes swallow everything that comes within their sphere of influence .
i would n't mind , she was still an attractive woman , good body , but that would definitely become another nest thing , and not an honorable thing for me to do anyway given the age difference , no long - term future in it for her .
in any case , we now need to discuss how we 're going to get them to agree to the whole thing . ''
` ` o.k . , but germany is one thing .
i do n't know what eventually happened in his case , but one thing is for sure , jeremy , religion by force is still alive and well on our planet . ''
i was introduced to all of the newcomers and they includedi can recall most of themone of the ministers for defence attending the cabinet ; the attorney general , who , among other things , is the government 's principal legal advisor on matters of international law ; the minister of state , cabinet office ( who is responsible for providing policy to the prime minister ) ; the boss of sis , better known in common parlance as mi6 ; the parliamentary under - secretary of state ( international security strategy ) ; one of the five ministers who , together with the home secretary , head up the home office , which in turn is in charge of all of the country 's police forces ; the first secretary of state and secretary of state for the foreign and commonwealth office ; and the boss of wilton park , a department located in steyning in sussex , god knows why , and which is responsible , among other things , for arranging international conferences for politicians .
but one thing they were interested in was my little biology lesson . ''
but one thing i wanted to ask you about .
` ` i am not so certain nowadays , '' i said , ` ` but one thing is for sure , jeremy , your money is real enough .
but zach was right about one thing .
` ` one thing at a time , julia , '' zach told me .
it was the biggest thing in the entire whisperward .
he was a faithful man and just about worshipped the gardeners , but the safety of our people was the one thing he cared about more than their approval .
no , the thing was literally bursting with cancer and probably dying before i hastened things along .
death is a very personal thing , you know .
the second thing you need to know is that in here the control operator is god .
then there is a group called mufon who s deep into the whole ufo thing .
the only thing not on the ships computer was the identity of the tabiil priestess .
our sisters there are too beleaguered to bother with such a thing .
but first thing was first .
the only thing he had to work with was a very quick encounter in the dark , nearly two decades agoand he was in fear for his life at the moment , no less .
for one thing , most of the travel time would be in intergalactic space , a place where there would be no hazards at all for a creature like me ; while roaming the interstellar space and interplanetary space of andromeda , however , there will be the issue of space debris .
while the life that i was going to create in this galaxy would certainly be observing the galaxy in which it would be living , the thing that interested the star gazers back home was to have an observer who could , in the same lifetime , observe both the milky way galaxy and andromeda from the inside .
for one thing , the human gene pool had drifted significantlythere were thousands of different species of humans , and i was now the only being in the known universe that might have looked anything like you .
there was one thing , though , that was different : it was a new telescope that had found a miracle .
but to them , to these altruistic knowledge seekers , the only thing that mattered was to send an observer back so that he could solve the last mystery , even if they themselves would never know the answer .
being evicted and forced to look for a place to stay was n't nice , but , all things considered , it was going surprisingly well .
one thing had n't changed with time and frequenting public places still worked more or less the same way in her time .
another thing to mention in the letter she would never write to the department of personnel .
` ` time is a complex thing . ''
` ` do you think their vision of time travel was as complicated as the real thing ? ''
that s another thing you should have thought of before you came aboard .
nothing in her life had prepared her for this , so she defaulted to what she always did when things seemed out of control : calm down , focus on one thing at a time , and look for someone who knows what s going on .
the only thing that mattered right now was getting the grappling hook free .
one thing was certain from the first hard look at it ; the thing was needlessly complex .
she had been ordered not to make repairs , but this was such a small thing .
until now , if anyone were to even discuss this sort of thing , their little spies would have passed along a warning .
through it all , there was one thing that kept bugging me .
the whole thing was difficult enough as it was without that drama .
it would have been a challenge to work the whole thing out from inside the computer room .
the whole thing ended up on the news .
the thing i most cared about was the fact that it was a region of the brain that could tolerate significant damage without being fatal .
this was the kind of thing that would be the top new story on every station for months .
personally , i d rather not have to chase you all over the country just for a dinky little thing .
oh .. and one more thing .
she needed to get into the mood to work as a maid , that was the most important thing right now , everything else depended on how she felt after she 'd learned the routine .
we ' ve built an inclusive utopia , if you believe in that kind of thing . ''
` ` well , '' yin explained , ` ` he 's very helpful , and shows great wisdom in this kind of thing . ''
she had to move on , otherwise , she would fall to pieces , drifting listlessly from one thing to the next as she did when her father was around .
he knew who thetra was , who he was , almost everything except for one thing : who morchad was .
there was one thing that was bothering valao and thetra had said it .
next thing i know , i heard dana shout , get away from her !
the biggest thing on my mind right now is that we all fought so hard to change jcs mind .
this is the last thing i m ever gon na get to be in control of , and i m going out the way i want to go out !
don has been acting as though everything , every single thing , was a military issue or mission .
she started chuckling along with me , and before i knew it we were nearly in stitches over the whole thing .
nick called out to us , one more thing .
seth scowled at him , clearly not amused , but being a good sport about the whole thing , he shot back with , normally i get a warning that its coming .
and one more thing , said treadwell .
okay , maybe i was getting carried away with the whole thing .
he was always talking shit about gangs before any of us even thought about that kind of thing .
sir , there is there is just one more thing .
why did i bring the whole thing to doraville ?
i guess i ve been a little too busy over the last couple weeks to really think this thing through , i admitted .
one thing that fascinated gabriel more than anything else was the idea of electricity .
one thing ezekiel did nt let himself think about was gabriel .
all things considered , it was a combination of the most reasonable rent in a reasonably safe neighborhood that was still close enough to all the places she needed to get to during a typical day .
anyway , i decided to give up on the whole thing .
the only thing on his mind was trying not to step on any of them while avoiding looking at anything too closely .
` ` i m getting the rags for this thing on the seat that s bothering me . ''
` ` well , funny thing .
it 's kind of frustrating to me to think that these things could possibly be common place for you . ''
` ` so it 's a woman thing ? ''
it was the last thing she wanted to think of .
` ` the last thing i want is for you to be a super soldier , as you call it .
the follow through is the most important thing .
after all the only thing he needed to do was agree to escort a group of virgins to wallachia and get a copy of maps and then choose one out of the lot to keep alive for a walkabout and back .
but he knew one thing from beginning to end when it came to both him and his son .
the only thing that did matter to him was destruction .
there were some things that might have been good to know before hand , thing that could ' ve been included in the intelligence report , but it was nothing beyond my ability to handle . ''
there were some things that might have been good to know before hand , thing that could ' ve been included in the intelligence report , but it was nothing beyond my ability to handle . ''
regardless of the purpose or hidden motives behind him telling me these truths one thing was certain .
you are right about one thing .
because the cult of talor knew one thing of importance among all of its broken gibberish and concocted fantasies .
one more thing , michael .
suits like that are another thing that should be left to the darkness of history .
2625 but keep in mind that if you call em , you ll have to go into the whole thing about how you were blackmailin your girlfriend with some dirty pictures .
they had to give the professor half of what they got , but the important thing was that brick still got a bigger percentage than the other guys because he was big .
i suck at a lot of things , actually , but one thing i m good at is electricity and anything that has to do with it .
why , this is the biggest thing since a was caught cheating on b !
the lonely , stepford - wives impression one used to get when walking down residential streets became a thing of the past .
and so the things which had loomed so large in our minds beforegetting that promotion , having the latest gadget , knowing the name of a pop star in a country halfway around the globesuddenly seemed to dwindle in significance .
whether we were actually hypnotized , as some still assert , or merely emboldened by the thousand - fold increase in communal spirit that singing , marching , and gathering in the parks had engendered , one thing is clear : the dragons had tipped the scales .
the ironic thing is that the church does nt even do a great job anymore of taking care of peoples physical needs , things like food and shelter .
the only thing that mattered to him now was finishing the problem that he had set before himself .
its not worth taking the time to explain , the only thing you need concern yourself with is if you will have this one dance with me ?
we could go live among the stars and not worry about a thing !
well , you know , i thought a lot about actually joining the confederates , they have a lot of things right in my opinion , that we should let the states keep their power and not unionize ; it 's dangerous for our country .
things seemed rather quiet with the exception of the random slurp of coffee .
well , one thing .
hackable , certainly , but electronics were generally brazels thing .
alright , i need you to help me with this thing , ben said .
one more thing i should mention is that i may have altered our destinies and inadvertently sent us down a course where we do nt belong .
next thing i know i m in a hospital and upon checking out , a nurse hands me a note , says someone left it for me .
next thing i know , were living together .
next thing i know , the door is coming off its hinges and the two men are beating me to a pulp .
among us , such things used to be a distant thing , something for the great stories of old .
` ` there 's one more thing , bob . ''
` ` another thing . ''
kayt returned and he shot her a bug - eyed look , refusing to focus on any one thing .
the next thing we knew , lancaster ran out .
but one thing was absolutely clear in that moment : if annalise was to be saved from the fears and anger from the responsibilities now foisted upon her , then i had to save her .
` ` now on to the less - important things that keep interrupting , like the plant torture sessions .
of all the things in the world , the one thing that engaged her curiosity was fighting and all things related .
of all the things in the world , the one thing that engaged her curiosity was fighting and all things related .
messenger suspected he was wondering why anyone would waste time talking about such a thing .
just one more thing , he said hurriedly , glancing down the tunnel and seeing recha looking back .
but really , that was nt the most important thing .
let me explain things to rose .
he put the whole thing out of his mind .
next thing i know , blue said .
the most important thing of all .
jax , one more thing .
the important thing is that no drones ever returned from their mission to scout the planet .
one last thing , counselor peter said , i also have made a map of our surrounding area .
what about the other thing ?
my final thing is that i fear a revolution is admitting .
it was a good thing this whole place is sound proof though .
our job is to house small empires in a specific area so they do nt get in the way of things .
the error that had claimed his left arm had nt claimed the whole thing .
that s one less thing you need to worry about .
a lot of guildees like to fish , but that s just one more thing ill never understand .
he knew one thing for sure , once someone had been reassigned , he never saw them again .
the only thing on his mind was the survival of caleb and alice .
the entire thing is unnoticeable under my uniform jacket .
chapter twenty turning to calgonnel and simon , i still need to check one thing before i m certain .
okay , a lot of what ya said bothers me , but one thing in particular .
next thing i knew i was getting death threats if i did n't turn up ... ... . '' ` ` so you 're here alone ? ''
perhaps two ' professionals ' such as brick and spiritwind would be able to offer some tips on where they were going wrong , although futile gimmicks were probably the only thing the bumbling pair could speak with any confidence on .
brick had only one thing on his mind .
` ` it 's a simple little thing really .
they 're more subtle than that ; being more intelligent about the whole thing . ''
she was funny about that kind of thing .
i should get you to the hospital , she said , clearly concerned that this seemingly - crazed mans body was nt the only thing that needed medical attention .
oh , i used to have an interest in that sort of thing .
banshee undoubtedly thought she could handle the whole thing alone .
` ` one thing at a time , kid , '' velius laughed .
i mean , for one thing she s home for at least an hour longer than me so why ca nt she pick up the paper after i ve left for work and read her own bloody horoscope ?
i do nt think i could manage another thing just now , patrick declared , clapping a hand to his stomach .
for one thing , the building he was to come and find me in was the town public library where i worked , so i had effectively barred ryan from ever visiting the library again unless he wanted to get back together with his geeky ex - girlfriend .
for another thing , i was nt sure i could stick to my resolve .
the thing is , sir -- carter , i retired .
all that sort of thing .
the only thing that mattered now was getting charles out of whatever mess he had gotten himself into .
i had to improvise my way through the whole thing .
there is one other thing though boss .
i 'd never been that close to a man without it leading to a kiss but that was the last thing on his mind .
` ` they are right about one thing .
the only thing we did n't take into account was the need for a goddess .
josh asked , ` ` do you think it 's a good thing we have breathing apparatus on ?
` ` yeah , except one thing . ''
cherry said , ` ` it 's a good thing you did n't call it beauty sleep .
` ` ah , one more thing , '' aki said .
i know now she could not speak of things she wanted to speak of . > ` ` you do honor to your mother , but this , '' she said , encompassing the wide plain in the span of her palm , ` ` is also your father 's work .
but there was one thing that took precedence over his duty to the einhart .
we have one more thing to take care of before we leave , '' he said , and he focused the cameras onto the ship that was glowing red as it entered phalos .
... and while the potential applications of the experiment are yet to be determined , one thing is for certain , these researchers wo nt be wasting any time .
next thing we know they ll be rolling out a delorean .
it was the only thing on the bookshelf that seemed relevant .
it technically goes in the early nineties i guess , but i m keeping it as a last resort kind of thing , i say .
and there s one more thing .
i just had to know one last thing , the tremors , how did you know about the tremors ?
but for now exercise was the last thing on my mind , my neck ached , and i found this to be a common result due to that damn mattress .
he may not have known exactly what knelt in front of him , but one thing was for sure it was dangerous ; he saw a monster , not his friend and had to make the choice to protect the group .
almost a month ago i stopped receiving all calls from duke , its like he completely forgot about me.the first few days i presumed he must have been too preoccupied , but then week after week i lost hope until i came to the conclusion i would not receive another broadcast from my new friend.but this does not change the fact that newport exists , it is there regardless of dukes presence , and i know what i am asking is a lot but with what i have given you i can not see any reason not to believe this place is real , oh and there s one last little thing which may help change your mind , call it my little , big back up plan .
do not speak of such thing , here .
a thing that bugs me and i can not figure out , where are all the bodies ?
mike made a point of talking to everyone during the meal , just a few words to see how they were doing , what was on their minds , or at least the most pressing thing on their minds .
her eyes had settled on his own and the next thing he knew he was thinking about her in an entirely different way .
one more thing , just to remind myself .
it is a good thing we do n't play poker though .
one thing was for sure , sittin ' on the tractor and thinkin ' about it , was n't gon na get it .
one thing was for sure , it was n't just a storage facility , and he could n't quite believe it was a new missile site .
the other thing that may not have been smart about the phone call , he realized , was that if they had traced it , it would lead them directly to him , so it probably would n't be smart to hang around for long , frank had decided .
at first he had been in the house and the walls had been shaking around him , and the next thing he knew he had been standing in a field with thousands of other people .
can a child even decide that sort of thing ? ''
just as he gets off the whole damn thing just sort of sinks .
it was a thing that had bothered him for as long as he could remember .
one thing for certain though , rochester definitely is built on higher ground than glennville is .
the main thing right now anyway , is to get this show on the road before it gets much later , '' gary said , and paused .
` ` it 's probably a good thing we 're leaving , '' john said .
` ` it 's a good thing bob picked up rifles then , '' frank replied thoughtfully .
` ` ira , it is not a thing that you need to concern yourself with .
the only thing he could feel and say did concern him was the meeting that he knew would eventually occur .
` ` one other small thing , willie .
it 's not like that for me , but it 's also not like a church type of thing for me either , so i think i know what you mean .
they re more experienced with things such as this and , for one thing , they ll be trained in any number of defensive moves .
at any other time , i might have stopped to admire the building , to trace the delicate lacework of engravings in the bricks , but there is only one thing on my mind in this moment .
its not a small thing , he murmurs .
but one thing is for certain ; we will not succeed if we do not work together .
the important thing was that kion was safe .
one thing for sure , they had better be prepared for company .
` ` this is a clan thing and has nothing to do with you personally and hope you wo nt hold it against me . ''
he would never trust her again , of course , and she would have to publicly renounce the bormans and beg for forgiveness if she wanted to live , but the important thing now was the ship .
another thing that concerned him that he did nt tell kimbra was the fact that there was too much debris in the system to spot any other space ships .
kimbras fate was the most important thing now .
next thing we knew , we were being hit by a wave of rocks and debris .
one more thing , busiku added .
but there was one thing that karl did not confess to jordan .
the pitch of the loudly humming machine was the last thing on adams mind .
i m glad you re alright , adam , that s the most important thing , but we may be in a very serious situation now .
very unlikely , he would nt dare be wrong about this sort of thing .
the professor seemed to be taking the whole thing in stride , almost enjoying it .
that s not even slightly funny , why would you joke about a thing like that ?
i wo nt go over the whole thing again , but ill give you the executive summary .
i d appreciate it if you did nt ask , its just a personal thing , no offence , she said .
adams safety is the most important thing here , but i think he would agree with me that to lose such a rare site entirely would be a tragedy , he said , sadly .
i would abstain from the whole thing and let what happened happen .
sure thing , ill do my best .
i never find out what was done with the bodies , and its the last thing i m thinking about as i await jeremiahs presence in my mind .
oh , and one more thing , knog : you will want to do everything in your power to keep your new partner safe .
they have to have some contingency plan for handling this type of thing .
there is one thing i think we should do before we go any further .
i only care about one thing .
he was not the type of person who liked things out of place .
she grabbed her bag and they went out for coffee where they discussed the research assistant job and many more things .
i mean where s the hot box for one thing , yicle gestured around .
he had to admit it might be a bit of a tight thing .
it would be an honour magen it is a good thing you have got the bridge , otherwise it might have been more difficult to convince the other centurions dektri out .
a seaton wristlet could be quite a personal thing .
he had one final thing he wished to do ... the boy .
yes for one thing it helps disengage those sharp brains of theirs , yicle joked .
its the first thing ill have to deal with when we resume .
there was one thing dektri really understood and worshipped trade ...
suddenly bringing all those devastating plasma cannons to bear , except for one thing .
one thing sir ... you do know there is a spy in my division ... magen said almost in hope , otherwise there was no way out .
tania gave a blank look , - i survived , she said as if she considered it no major thing the change in her circumstances , or that she had no desire for that change .
elshan gave a summary explanation of the afternoons events in detail , making a great thing of the wailing and the tragic death of tanias mother .
she might check in her room , there could be more personal effects there but saarha was nt the kind to care terribly about that kind of thing anyway .
nearly eight years earlier , however , suella had met with her lawyers for days drawing up a lengthy pre - nuptial that would cover every conceivable thing .
darling , i m ecstatic about your good report card , but i m curious about one thing .
we were just recently discussing that very thing .
for one thing , its close .
it was another daunting thing for a boy of eighteen to think about .
the next thing she knew , they might be playing patty - cake .
she let go of her daughters hands so that they could go on to the next thing .
suella could nt believe that her daughter was so casual about the whole thing , setting out plates and napkins as if they were discussing the weather .
she felt as if thee was nothing more she could say , or was there so much swirling around in her maelstrom of thought , that it was difficult to focus on any one specific thing ?
now , first thing is this .
cameron quickly moved on to the next thing that required exploring , showing an unrivalled amount of joy at the scene .
whatever it was it stayed in place and had become the only thing that concerned him .
it was too much at once for him to concentrate on any one thing in particular .
next thing we know , all internal power had failed .
` ` in this moment , right now , you must think on only one thing , just one tiny , insignificant thing .
` ` in this moment , right now , you must think on only one thing , just one tiny , insignificant thing .
adani , you were right about one thing !
` ` there 's one thing i want to do before i leave . ''
it was only at the last moment , kissing him goodbye alongside the taxi , that she was less vague about the precise danger she had in mind , topsy - turvy about it as usual : phil , just one thing .
but i have forgot essential thing , he said , pivoting bella about again .
she reached her paw forward but evans withdrew his hand and said , just a moment , zelf , there s one more thing .
there 's still one thing i need to do before we go out .
once they ' ve picked themselves groggily off my front lawn , i march them on my sofa , still pointing my canon at them and clarify things .
having been up since dawn helping set things up , i have a sudden unexpected weary , and curl up on a sofa in the shade of a coconut palm , surfacing occasionally to listen to the reggae beat but not opening my eyes until the sun has slipped behind the hills and our guests have departed .
he loves making babies , but is not really into the whole fatherhood thing .
one thing is clear , living where we are , right by the beach ; the kids should be able to swim .
i do n't know if it 's him thinking of me or me thinking of him , but one thing is for sure , the connection between us is getting stronger .
my best ever wish right now is to be at some place deeply and sincerely hushed and noiseless to read and write and furthermore to pass through to that world where i can bond and take pleasure in the sweetest companionship of those that are very much involved in the very things that i myself presently am insanely mad about to the furthermost hilt and core .
it 's against my religion , and besides , do n't you have a manservant for that sort of thing ?
acorn can be quite violent at times , but she provides me with satisfying sex , which is the most important thing .
you mean about things like theft , avarice , murder , and all of that rot ?
iris joined us presently , but before i could take my turn , brenda walked right in the door and began to remove her soiled clothes like it was no big thing , and made a beeline to the bathroom , stark naked and not caring a bit .
he sat down in the large purple chair he d bought from a rent - a - center outlet and popped a fresh beer , dragged the ash tray toward him and decided to be quiet and just listen and things will sort themselves out , he told himself and blew smoke out across the quiet room .
usually , by now , he would have fired on the warspheres , but he had n't flown this ship properly in decades , and did n't plan engaging about fifty of them in open battle ; the xaosian fleet was one thing , but this was out of his depth .
suspicious , he turned the ship around to look at narcsia , and considered one thing he 'd forgotten about .
getting on is what old miss forster in ps 89 way back in the 30s i saw her again a while ago but much fainter called a phrasal verb , an ambiguous one because getting on , among other things , also means making progress , in my case to one grim thing only , lets face it .
one thing was sure .
now it was more brassy swing and suddenly the other thing came back in my mind .
as i pulled away i said : ill send it to you first thing , also a letter to explain things a little more in detail .
incineration was the main thing .
then her face became radiant again as she returned to the big thing .
she stepped back from the whole thing at that .
i recovered my head with a certain irritation and brought the thing out into the open .
just harmless little jokes , he whispered , not understanding that my final outburst had been to cover up the other thing .
he returned to that other thing .
but index fingers are one thing , temples and forehead another .
what s the primary thing though ?
it did try to raise its arm again , as if reality might ' ve ducked out the back for a coffee and let things slip out of control .
there were bigger problems in the world at the moment , but this was one more little thing she really did n't need .
he had seen a skyglass previously , when he had attended the mid - summer festival many years earlier , but to be so close , to see the stars reflected in the surface , was another thing entirely .
` ` i ' m not an expert on that type of thing . ''
matt was correct about one thing , richard would do whatever it took to stop the augs .
oh , and one more thing , if you ever do come north , be prepared to receive a heros welcome , captain walker revealed .
the last thing he wanted was to seem weak in the eyes of the volunteers .
he is going to make sure we do nt suffer , but what s done is done , and the important thing is that we were able to see the augs defeated .
you were right about one thing .
and is it weird that the first thing i really notice in the middle of all this is the tight interplay of the girls smudged white shirt against the roundness of her small breasts ?
the traps are nt electronic , but its one more thing that reminds me of myself at that age .
i ca nt make out a lot of detail , but one thing is certainhes human .
it had seemed such a little thing .
you know a lot about technology and we need a lot of it for this kind of thing .
things would probably make more sense , should she have done that in the first place .
one thing is for sure though : they like to hide behind their masks , no pun intended .
one more thing , said pope , as he was about to leave .
just one more thing .
there was another flash of white and next thing he knew , celyns mouth was pressed against his and the rest of her body followed .
this job is the only thing that has defined me for the last five years .
` ` one more thing , '' i added .
` ` serus , one more thing , '' he stopped me .
kara was the most important thing to me right now and all else can be damned .
all i can tell you is that i was asleep and the next thing i know these men are grabbing me by the arms and dragging me out .
` ` yes , but one more thing , '' white said .
` ` oh , that 's a simple thing really .
first thing , we need to get away from here as far as we can , she said .
if not for the joy produced by the guardian games , the one thing you could accuse steffor of being selfish about was the dive .
no one knows how he will have changed upon his return but it does not take a romance novelist to predict the last thing on his mind will be asking me out for a drink .
one thing for sure , the guy who had this probably knows a bit about weaponry and can afford having this .
one thing i think we should consider , ship said , is to try to take out the ships in small numbers if possible .
the biggest thing they had to worry about was boredom , since the enemy had finally gotten smart and stopped sending ships .
just one more thing , how the hell are you guys doing what you are doing , i mean you guys kick ass , agent black asked ?
he was sure they were destroyed as well , this was just one more thing on top of everything else .
he valued her far more than that , you re the most important thing in my life and in this whole ghoul - infested world so i told them for my sake .
just one more thing , jim said to give him pause .
me too , said the saint , happy to have an odd thing to figure out that was nt himself .
the genetic code of a saint is a special thing , said gastineo .
his small trunk in the corner for clothing , next to ones for trenna geil and crawford zedhani , held more identical shirts and pants since dastou treated his current outfit like a uniform , which meant what to wear was one thing less to think about each day .
we eatin the whole thing now ?
it was only when he started planning out his usual servant routine that he remembered that the only thing on his schedule today was returning downtown .
just tell me one thing : how important is this uptowner you called ?
koris asked to change the subject because he did nt want lysander to guess that he was worrying about such a petty thing based on the circumstances .
i knew he d have problems with the whole thing .
` ` they would except for one thing , '' i say .
rice believed diaz was probably thinking about what duty he could assign him , thinking about what might be the simplest job in the observatory , the one thing osmundd be the least likely to screw up .
trade in goods and services is one thing , i can see that happening .
` ` he 's been calling me all week about the fucking thing . ''
and the media and police have been mute about the whole thing .
` ` the only thing on allard 's mind right now is how much longer before he can go home for dinner .
one thing was for certain : she was either sane , or a card - carrying lunatic .
he stood and said , ` ` if i find out you 're lying , so help me , joey '' ` ` wait , '' joey said , his face brightening , ` ` there is one thing .
quinn nodded and walked slowly from the room like he did nt care one bit about the whole thing .
the important thing is that i have copped the flying dutchman !
now the only thing that you are interested in is whether the queen was pleased with a gift of perfume !
the main thing to worry about is somehow recharging yourself underwater , prison computer warder cleo !
he was holding his coat open with both hands , revealing the thing which had so terrified the other occupants of the carriage .
' the important thing is that we try to blend in .
' best you leave this sort of thing to your elders and betters , no ? '
' first thing in the morning .
angela said , ` ` the important thing is that he believes i would do it , right ? ''
` ` the other thing is your ideas about the hexmen .
oh yea , one more thing . ''
phil turned and said , ` ` yea , whole thing ai n't real good on my blood pressure . ''
the hair thing did n't bother her so much .
but for now , the only thing that mattered was that i was a free man .
oh , and one more thing - the administration would like this dealt with quickly .
yes , but this kind of thing needs a group vote .
he also knew that this was probably the very last thing he should be dwelling on .
she felt tears welling in her eyes at the thought of him , how shed promised to open her heart to him , but then held back this one critical thing .
but the important thing was he had his ears back .
the only thing they cared about was the money they received as a supplement for him and the other foster children .
i have never seen an orler tree even a quarter of that size , but my father rarely joked about such things .
oh , yes , one other thing , take this chain .
there is one other thing you must remember deke .
` ` oh you know , it 's just , a um personal thing .
there was one more thing .
they truly do have their hand in all things , he thought , looking at the forest again .
things are going to get ugly soon and any place with drugs is going to be fair game for the criminal elements .
but one thing sir , interjected hogan .
but , this is the most important thing ; you have to accept that there will be no miraculous governmental intervention .
things had gone far enough and the marines inherent hatred of mobs rose up within him .
i will be able to pin it down but , and this is a big but , there is no way that we can use it to effect things here , in this time and place .
there is much more involved in the whole thing .
however , there is one thing that i am completely certain of ; you , nathaniel hogan , are important .
the first thing that i wanted to discuss is the question of how possible would it be to defend the abbey successfully .
that s why i was going to suggest a different way of looking at the whole thing .
i did nt realize that his whole thing was wireless .
however one thing we did not discuss was the effect on minimcom .
so , one thing well dowell be sure to take lots of pictures and find a way to get them to earth , ok ?
the moral thing was to not go back in time and change things .
there s one more thing here , she said , pausing .
but the one thing i do nt understand is how were able to manipulate time from here with these coordinates .
one thing that was incredibly important , however , was that the mornings activity went on without a hitch .
the important thing , he reminded himself , was that he had nt really done anything with it .
the one thing your sanity depended on it .
it looked pretty fair , all things considered , and filled up a good chunk of my lawn .
one thing was for certain : it was nt human .
it was a small thing , but an important one .
first thing tomorrow after one more round of tasty acorn mush and assorted roasted wild critters he and mary would drive the ford back to virginia .
` ` except for one tiny thing , '' said mary .
talking with animals using our minds is a thing of the past and no longer needed .
he said , ` ` this is n't the place to discuss such things , i understand your feelings . ''
just concentrate on one thing ... that 's it remember your sons face .
julia swiveled her head slightly and said , ` ` sweet heart , mommy has to take care of a few more things before you can leave but i will be staying here , '' she looked at method who nodded as she spoke , ` ` with you until my work is finished . ''
before we separate , you must know one other important thing .
power drive or not , ion knew that the first thing he needed was to put as much distance between himself and the naxims forces in that village , before they called in reinforcements .
one last thing have a copy of the photo you took sent on paper .
and so , we let him be for the time being , watching as he tended to things that fell to his prior importance , before tending to ours .
but they had nt been aware of one crucially important thing : he was a mystic .
but that s the last thing that should concern a man .
one last thing , thomas added .
well , believe me , i saw those areas , and one thing that always struck me was how the whores and bums that were walking around looked like they could have been wearing armani before everything went to shit .
i did nt want to think for too long about where we were going to go , or how long we could possibly last in the depths of shadow forest , where there were shadows and trebestia and old spirits around every turn , among other things .
i never could have felt that way , because , for one thing , i had no interest in finding a prince , but more importantly , i loved my parents so much , and would never want them to be replaced with anyone else , even if those other people were royals , which , coincidentally , they had turned out to be .
you interrupted my thing !
at first he had been in his bedroom ; the walls shaking around him , and the next thing he knew he had been standing on a stone pathway that overlooked a wide and deep valley that stretched away for miles before it hooked to the right and disappeared .
the thing he was concerned about was the non action from the military .
one thing is for certain though , rochester is definitely built on higher ground than watertown is .
the main thing right now anyway , is to get this show on the road before it gets much later , '' bob said , and paused .
conner stood and walked over to help her move her things over to his area .
the car should start , the gas was the important thing .
its especially jarring first thing in the morninghalf of my body takes longer to wake up than the rest .
its not much , says laura as she ushers us to a table and our waiting ration of genetically engineered roast beef and a side dish that looks like potatoes and gravy , but tastes nothing like the real thing .
there s one thing i can scratch off my bucket list .
things will get worse before they get better , especially now that the rejects are openly waging war with the rest of the country .
cody grabbed clothes out of his dresser and said , k , first thing is to get showered then dressed .
altogether , a lot of things suddenly seemed out of place and disjointed .
good thing , some things do nt change !
there is one last thing i want to do together .
well , things like , what you do for a living , what you might need in the upcoming days , what you might be willing to give to those who might be in need , that sort of thing .
one last thing , bri , i said .
death was the only thing of importance to them .
it was one thing to chase coldhand 's tracks through gharib hunting the prian after his escape from the phoenix had been exhilarating .
i know death is n't the only thing you care about . ''
` ` first thing , '' he said , ` ` did you find the scroll ? ''
` ` one way or another , it 's a good thing the scorpion came along , ' i said , ` ` we had our hands full , that 's for sure . ''
some other time and some other place things might be different , but here and nowit 's dangerous . ''
` ` well , for one thing , the brutes are far more religious than we thought .
` ` one more thing , general . ''
` ` one more thing , captain .
` ` one more thing , colonel .
one last thing on this topic .
` ` one more thing , '' he said , ` ` i want to apologize for my men 's behavior towards you and your squad , including the incident with colonel fisher .
` ` i do n't like a thing about this , '' she said .
he spat out a bit of dirt , ` ` captain , i wish that the only thing my life was hinging on was that device detonating . ''
there was one thing , however , she could never forgive .
the last thing i remember was my town being attacked , i say , i need to know if my father and friends survived .
they could n't focus on any one thing for longer than a few moments .
the whole thing ! ''
cylons are fighting humans ; that 's the important thing .
code black is a thing of the past .
` ` and you 're not correct about one thing .
` ` the influence did not matter at the end of all things , but our guidance did change the outcome of those branches .
the only thing he ca nt figure out , is who the hell told everybody about it .
he did nt stop there though , pausing as some memory tugged at his thoughts , ah , well , there is one more thing .
that was not the important thing about the room , though .
bob nodded approval , most people do nt think about that kind of thing .
the only thing they could nt figure out with the fabrication team was how to store the .50 caliber barrett .
this was the one thing that kept the rest of the world at bay .
the last thing that he wanted was to attract attention of either the talgit or the demons .
doctor russell put on the harness , but she was wearing a skirt , so that made things interesting as she started tucking and poking things into place .
mike clicked on his ear bud , hey rob , what s up , how s things going ?
eli , you should let us handle this kind of thing , roy chastised him .
there was one thing that was not stored in the brood mind- the final protocol ; their parting gift to an obnoxious enemy that refused to lie down and die .
one thing was certain to all , as there were no secrets about the mission - they were going to capture or kill a military scientist who stole azul technology and who also posed a serious threat to the planet .
we most certainly have time , but before we go we have one more thing we must do .
the one thing that remained in bagatelle 's mind was that gunnarsson told ali he was going to name his ship the machu picchu .
it was kind of a cultural thing . ''
` ` there is one thing you will be able to assist each other with in the future , '' continued draagh .
the last thing i remember was talking to oh damn , '' she trailed off , remembering talking to alea .
` ` i love you too , baby , but we 'll have to discuss that surname thing , '' she said with a wry grin while gingerly scratching his ear , almost causing him to start comically kicking his leg .
he turned to leave her cube , and as he walked away he added you re not going to be one of those women who goes around digging into every little thing , are you ?
the important thing was that he had made the decision to trust her .
perhaps he was making too much of a small thing , but baldur knew well how little nuisances that spiraled out of control had brought down others .
were there people he could hire to help with that sort of thing ?
the next morning she treated herself to all of the room service coffee she could hold while she fooled around on her computer and sent a terse email back to the office letting them know that things were progressing as expected .
badru also finally learned xanders first name , which is one thing he initially overlooked in light of the heavier questions that needed answering first .
xander found the whole thing amusing .
i am ready to work on thing one any time you are , beloved .
its another thing that helps even things out .
his foot slipped , and the next thing he knew he was tumbling down the limestone face , grabbing at anything he could to stop his fall .
the next thing he knew a great crashing sound encasing a huge plunging creature rushed by him .
first thing , guaranteed , said mathew , but he did nt mean it .
next thing we know they ll throw us in jail -- -or here it ll be a dungeon .
one last thing , he says .
he leans over too far , and the next thing she knows he has fallen into the water by himself .
next thing i knew , you got that defiant , rebellious look on your face , and you put your hand right into the flame .
i mean , its totally obvious when you see it , but its the kind of thing that s so simple that i never would have thought of it .
good thing yore waterproof .
yeah , good thing you were already ugly otherwise that shiner would have spoiled yore looks .
one more thing , says michael .
i suspect everyone is rather embarrassed about the whole thing .
of course it was not his actual name , but one does not use real names for this kind of thing .
the priest , backed by six acolytes , was taking the whole thing very seriously .
each man is fully armed ; its a good thing you ve had us collect so many weapons .
oh yeah , one more thing .
but the main thing is , did the bugging crew arrive and get all the monitors in and finish up ?
is n't abstract thinking involved in a thing like that ?
for one thing , there is still to be explained the cause of barris 's intense , concerted malice toward arctor ; a man does n't set out over a long period of time to burn somebody for no reason .
the next thing he knew , a creature from between dimensions was standing beside his bed looking down at him disapprovingly .
after an interval - which seemed damn long to him - a tester appeared and said , ` ` one more thing , fred - we want a sample of your blood . ''
wade frazer said , ` ` you were right about one thing , morley .
` ` one thing at a time , '' she said .
there was only one thing that troubled her .
` ` do n't worry about a thing , babe . ''
let me get up there and take care of the thing with them , and then i 'll skip out and be back here a couple of hours from now .
the city council discussed the whole thing at great length and agreed finally to put a doctor in the front office and have every customer undergo a physical examination before getting into the car .
` ` he hardly even seemed upset , except when i indicated that i 'd almost been tempted to suppress the whole thing for the sake of protecting his feelings .
` ` one important thing to remember , though : my willingness to engage in an approach to the apostles does not mean that i intend in any way to provide a blanket of respectability for them .
but one thing was certain : thanks to theremon , hardly any member of the general public believed that anything out of the ordinary was going to take place on the evening of theptar nineteenth .
all right , first thing : what difference would it make if you allowed me to take down an eyewitness account of what 's to come ?
he was on his way to the sanctuary , but he wanted to check one last thing in his translation , one new notion he 'd had .
the important thing was to keep on thinking of the day after tomorrow - of survival , of rebuilding , of the struggle and its fulfillment .
but i place my cause above all other things .
the only thing on her mind was survival : beating back the hands that clutched at her ; parrying the swinging clubs with blows of the club that she herself had snatched up from a fallen man ; avoiding the screaming , surging stampedes of maniacs who rumbled arm in arm in groups of six or eight through the hallways , trampling everyone in their way .
the important thing is that amgando park is in the hands of sane people , it 's an enclave of civilization in the general madness .
the main thing was just to stay alive .
just one little thing missing , now .
` ` one thing at a time , '' altinol said .
` ` but he 's uneasy about one thing .
they 're like children , the crazies - they ca n't keep their minds on any one thing very long .
the new provinces in these sparsely populated areas covered much greater areas than those up north , and their people seemed less concerned with such things as search .
the important thing was to get a vehicle and get out of here and carry the news of the apostles ' army 's approach to amgando .
` ` folimun is a totally ruthless , almost monstrously rational man who believes that the only thing that 's of any real importance is the survival of civilization .
the important thing now is to find some way out of the chaos .
i read your column pretty regularly , by the way , and as a general thing i like your views . ''
not that those things would interest them as such , any more than the white eyes of the fruit fly interest us as white eyes . ''
but one more thing .
i checked on that first thing . ''
his words were not the main thing .
things go by very fast on a neutron star , and the news came on right after : i wo n't call you ` ` honey , '' 'cause you know you 're not that sweet , or ` ` knockwurst , '' though you knock me offa my feet .
one thing , though , admiral ... '' ` ` yes ? ''
you would n't have been fast enough , for one thing , not at fifty .
it is one thing to be democratic ; quite another to be inconvenienced .
no , i do n't believe in that sort of thing .
it 's a foolhardy setup at best and as long as you have n't the co - ordinates , give the whole thing up . ''
for one thing , it tried to follow us and did a good job of it , too , which means it had a pretty good ergom - eter of its own .
well , before we go to earth , there 's one thing i would like to check on .
` ` i ' ve thought this thing out .
what 's the most important thing in circuses ? ''
you are right in one thing , at any rate .
but the whole thing is vital , they said .
` ` the important thing is to keep the military out of the picture .
` ` he has taken the blame as he says , dr . foster , but this thing is out of his hands now . ''
` ` now , one more thing .
vincenzo stared at him through bifocals and said , ` ` not the important thing . ''
the last trump the archangel gabriel was quite casual about the whole thing .
dreaming is a private thing jesse weill looked up from his desk .
of course , a thing like this does n't need overtones . ''
because , in the first place , dreaming is a private thing .
as a general thing , i do n't pal around with them .
' and another thing . '
i would n't bring this thing to you if i were n't certain that i had every angle checked .
second , i do n't like a stranger sniffing about when we 're on top of the biggest thing in the history of psychology .
' another thing .
' well , for one thing we can tell about the muscles from the shape of the bones , and the positions where the tendons would fit and where some of the nerves would go .
i wanted him , if possible , to think of the same thing i was thinking , so that i would n't have to tell him - because i hated to have to tell him - because it was nuts , for one thing .
was it a little thing ? '
her work had been the only thing that really mattered : the children , always the children , no need for plants or pets .
-there 's one thing in particular i ' ve been wrestling with , and it 's this matter of selectivity . ''
in the refrigeration compartment miss fellowes found three quarts of milk , with a warming unit and a supply of fortifications in the form of vitamin supplements , copper - cobalt - iron syrup , and other things she had no time to be concerned with now .
after that there were personnel changes at the highest levels of the corporation and one thing led to another and next thing i knew they were turning to me and saying , ' you have to be c.e.o . , jerry , you 're the only one who can steady the place down , ' and i was fool enough to believe them , and then , well - well- '' he grinned .
by the time morning came she would probably have forgotten the whole thing .
the old forty - kilogram limit is about to become a thing of the past .
the one thing we have at heart , above all else , is timmie 's welfare .
they 'd act right away and make the whole thing a moot issue . ''
to the surgeon he said , ` ` the thing that i need to know , doctor , is how soon the operation can be carried out . ''
the giving of birthday presents was entirely a human thing .
` ` the last thing we need to worry about , mandy , is an uprising by our robots .
-but you 're wrong about one thing , john .
listen to me : i want you to set up a test case , somehow , that will force the regional court to declare for robot rights , and then get the regional legislature to pass the necessary enabling bills , and if there are any political problems you carry the whole thing to the world court , if you have to .
you may find that you 're mistaken - i do n't know - but in any case , the main thing is that i want andrew to be protected against a repetition of this brutal incident .
` ` for one thing , '' said smythe - robertson , ` ` a line of androids would have had to be far more expensive than the standard metal robots - so expensive that we would have had to regard them purely as luxury items , with a potential market so limited in size that it would take many years for us to be able to amortize the expense of setting up a production facility .
it was a highly technical thing ; she was n't likely to understand , and he was n't at the moment willing to take the time to explain it to her .
and so at last andrew could delay things no longer , and brought himself to admit the one necessary fact that made it possible for the robot surgeon to perform the operation , the one thing that the surgeon had not suspected : andrew 's own proper status as something other than a human being .
forget the whole thing !
but one thing bothers me . ''
she never thought about the important thing .
that was not the important thing .
the important thing was to eat .
but now in the context of doral 's snickering , she felt revolted and denied -the whole thing , even to herself .
the whole thing is classified - the senator did very poorly at the time and he is n't interested in publicity over it .
things are similar in my country .
( a silly thing to worry about , but it was a more comfortable worry than some he might have . )
or one thing , perhaps , which was completely aside from the point , but which was beginning , just beginning , to occupy his mind to the exclusion of other things .
or one thing , perhaps , which was completely aside from the point , but which was beginning , just beginning , to occupy his mind to the exclusion of other things .
with each step forward , other things might more easily fall into place .
one thing , though - '' ` ` ah , '' said morrison .
come , albert , it is a small thing . ''
now i know that you - and others as well - will be wanting to interview me and that you will all want me to set up a system which will demonstrate the practicality of telepathy and that that will keep me busy for - well , for the rest of my life , for all i know , but i must have one thing now . ''
` ` one thing puzzles me , however .
i thought it a large and awkward thing to keep in the middle of the room .
but one thing was bothering him .
managing his forces , that was the main thing .
there was much he desperately wanted to know , but there was one thing in particular , one thing that the store did not tell him , one thing that he most wanted to know : why did n't it tell him more ?
another thing : if i popped someone on the head , i 'd want to get awayfast .
` ` sir , one other thing .
there was one thing she had n't thought of .
it was more than obvious that ariel was the furthest thing from tonya 's mind .
it was the thing that the person who created his datastore cared about most of all : every year the total human population went down - and the robot population went up.how could that be ?
but this was not the moment to bring any such thing up ' with the governor .
no , no , far better to force the entire thing from his mind .
but one thing was for sure - if there ever came a debate over the wisdom of human - piloted sheriff 's cars , tansaw could point to the ride he had just taken .
but it was not , horatio somewhat primly reminded himself , his place to worry about such things .
this morning he had washed and dressed himself , and that was the main thing .
` ` furthest thing from my mind , '' kresh lied smoothly .
next thing you know they 'll be taking over the planet .
that was the thing that had been bothering him .
` ` well , one thing is for sure , '' kresh said .
if the new law robots were worth all the trouble they cause , that 'd be one thing , '' devray said .
right now the only important thing is that devray 's recommendation to the governor could have given caliban and prospero a very strong motive if they knew about it .
with all due respect , under the circumstances , contacting you was not the first thing on anyone 's mind .
but there is one other thing .
what sort of mind would think that sort of thing up ?
a silly thing , a small thing , but there it was .
a silly thing , a small thing , but there it was .
right now there was no bigger problem than a bad leak of a mildly hazardous chemical , just enough of a nuisance to make any self - respecting three - law robot seal off the area , shut down the elevators , hustle all the nearby humans off the roof and into the building , and generally disrupt things .
` ` not one that finds out that sort of thing , at any rate . ''
and the first thing he would think of the next morning was where he might find quite a bit of his lost data .
but it was also important in a case like this that you appeared cooperative , a tricky business if you had a thing or two to hide - and who did n't ?
he looked at the thing in his hand for a moment , and wondered exactly how things had come to such a pass .
that is the important thing , is it not ? ''
one thing they never forget , you see , is that earth 's population is eight billions , while the total population of the fifty outer worlds combined is scarcely more than five and a half billions .
i ca n't throw the whole thing down the disposal tube just any time i feel like it .
the whole thing 's solved ... police commissioner julius enderby polished his glasses with exquisite care and placed them upon the bridge of his nose .
he went on , ` ` for one thing , we can use sunpower and that 's good for billions of years .
` ` well , that settles one thing . ''
` ` for one thing , partner elijah , giskard is on duty outside . ''
how he could persuade her to talk , he could n't say , but of one thing more he was certain .
- one thing interests dr . han fastolfe .
he said in a shaky voice , ` ` i do n't know why people have to make a big thing out of it .
for one thing , would the chairman stick to his resolve ?
baley lifted his eyebrows in resignation over that and said , ` ` one thing , though , giskard , before you clamp down on me .
whether he hovered constantly in earshot at the door or he drew close because the instinct of subservience somehow alerted him to a possible call in a few minutes , he did appear and that , cleon thought idly , was the important thing .
then , as though his mind , having been liberated by the sight of those trees , could turn to other things , seldon took note of the rumble he had heard before and had , without thinking , dismissed as the sound of machinery .
` ` for one thing , as you noted , he was clearly unwilling to have me come along .
it 's the sort of thing , however , that they might find difficult to speak of .
` ` for one thing , because we do not wish you to be.-in any case , two of our trusted sisters were sent to you .
` ` we ca n't have that sort of thing in this house . ''
` ` for one thing , '' said davan , ` ` both of you are outworlders , scholars .
` ` for one thing , there have been many revolutions in galactic history that have overthrown tyrannies , sometimes on individual planets , sometimes in groups of them , occasionally in the empire itself or in the pre - imperial regional governments .
for one thing , even if my message reached him and even if he was able to rush to dahl , how would he find us here ?
the sunbadgers do n't bother with me much as a general thing . ''
` ` one thing , '' said raych , his face lighting up .
now , go to your room and forget the whole thing .
but to be cut off suddenly and completely means that the whole thing has been placed in the deepest of freezes .
for one thing , trantor was the most highly populated of all the worlds , with its forty billion people .
you would n't have been fast enough , for one thing .
` ` it would be better , general , if the government was not seen to be directly involved in such a thing . ''
he certainly would n't consider such a thing without discussing it with me .
` ` for one thing , i was afraid of getting into long drawn - out legal proceedings .
` ` but one thing , professor , '' said the magistrate .
now , one more thing . ''
now then , what does all that have to do with the one more thing you mentioned ? ''
if the second foundation exists and wishes to guard the secret of that existence , then one thing is sure .
trevize said , ` ` i will make no unauthorized effort , madam mayor , but one thing ... '' ` ` yes ? ''
it occurred to him that things might just possibly be falling into place .
` ` for one thing , '' said gendibal , ` ` the obsession of the first foundation with us is not yet over . ''
` ` for one thing , earth was once the only inhabited world , so naturally its day and year would be standard and would very likely remain standard out of social inertia as other worlds were populated .
for one thing , he had been a child at the time ; for another , the agents of the second foundation were meticulous in removing their traces as far as that was possible .
only the quite young are plastic enough to receive an education into mentalics ; the painful introduction of that art - it was more than a science - into adult brains , set rustily in their mold , was a thing of the first two generations after seldon only .
the official therefore decided that the whole thing was too unimportant to pass on to trantor .
` ` i was grateful , of course , '' said gendibal , a little flustered , ` ` but the important thing is that you must understand there is no danger .
because of you , i became aware of a very small thing it was important to be aware of .
` ` for one thing , '' said bliss , ` ` pel - i mean , pel - o - rat - asked that i be on the ship with you .
we do not understand a human being who can not sense his place in the scheme of things , who does not feel like part of a greater whole . ''
it 's a personal thing .
so it 's one more thing that i ca n't talk about with , my mother .
i ' m setting things up so that if that negative energy gathers again , it gets sent to the place i want it to go , rather than at a particular target .
` ` and racks are more of a girl thing . ''
that kind of thing takes a subtle hand , though .
` ` i think you were right about the vibrator thing . ''
unless ... '' part of dess 's brain wanted to explain the whole thing to jonathan : about snow on tv screens , the big bang , and the shapes of galaxies and tea leaves .
` ` could we please all remember about the top secret thing ? ''
` ` there 's just one thing , guys , '' jessica said nervously .
for the first time she was starting to take this end - of - the - world thing seriously .
there 'd been so much preparing and planning this last week , rain was one thing that had slipped his mind .
that 's the important thing , right ?
` ` and i told you , '' i replied , ` ` that the last thing i wanted to do was thin the barrier between my own home and the bloody nevernever by going through it and then attracting the attention of whatever hungry boogity - boo was on the other side . ''
from what you ' ve said , i do n't think you 'd need to look any further than the whole mommy thing . ''
i was winging the whole thing .
` ` i thought i was supposed to be the one with one thing on his mind . ''
susan handled the whole thing a lot better than i had .
it was n't a big deadly secret or anything , but it was the principle of the thing that - i rubbed at my face with one hand .
get the whole thing over in a week or so and plunge them all into the seemingly interminable chill .
` ` out of all these realizations , rabbi , the thing i must deal with most immediately and without respite is that there are no innocents . ` `
this thing of other memory bothered him .
the important thing is to get them to a meeting on junction ... and i hope you know how much i dislike using you as bait . ` `
a planet 's weather was no simple thing to treat with easy adjustments .
i like him and i know that 's a trivial thing to influence my decisions . ''
` ` do n't make a big thing of it . ''
such a small thing ( relatively ) to precipitate crisis .
you may as well know the whole thing .
` ` one thing , '' bellonda said .
it became one small thing , a sausage of such exquisite pain that nothing else existed .
thumbs down on the whole damned thing !
it was a face in which you had difficulty finding a central focus and thus the entire thing became blurred .
` ` of course , my lady , '' he said , and his fingers continued : ` ` there is another thing , quite disturbing .
my dream was not an important thing .
` ` i must think about this thing , '' he said .
` ` perhaps that should be done and the thing settled . ''
a small thing , but great campaigns were made up of many small things .
a small thing , but great campaigns were made up of many small things .
when we think we know something , that 's precisely the moment when we should look deeper into the thing . ''
one more thing , then .
again leto saw the sly look in muriz 's eyes , but this time it was a measuring thing , a weighing of economics .
but for one thing he was a slob , and there has always been this aristocratic , disapproving , judging tendency in fay .
one thing was certain : if he were to make the dreadful calls tonight , he could tell the families nothing at all , for erts had no idea what had gone wrong .
` ` one thing at a time , no point in getting upset . ''
` ` one thing at a time , '' munro repeated quietly .
he says it so simply that at first i nod as if it 's no big thing .
that 's sort of the other thing i wanted to talk to you about .
` ` you investigative types are always so picky about this kind of thing . ''
` ` nobody talks about this kind of thing .
oh , one more thing : do not open the door for any reason . ''
well , there was one more thing .
the important thing is that i do n't dare touch that toy . ''
` ` do n't make a big thing of it .
if there 's anything i can ever do to pay you back ... '' she smiled at me and said , ` ` there is one thing . ''
but one thing first . ''
father forthill did n't see eye - to - eye with me on the whole religion thing , but he was a decent guy .
the next thing i noticed were the corpse 's arms .
` ` one thing more , wizard .
this is the thing that writers and philosophers have skirted for centuries with their eyes half averted .
` ` the thing 's obvious .
she savored it , realizing this was a private and personal thing she could never completely communicate to another creature .
do n't change a damn thing . ''
or ... he appeared to balance , which was much the same thing as far as this operation was concerned .
that 's the only thing we can really be objective about .
the important thing is structure - not the material .
the important thing is topology .
for one thing , it had to survive while it developed .
beyond him , prudence maintained her vigil at the big board as though that were the only thing concerning her .
` ` we 're within a short leap of solving this thing !
well , for one thing , we ' ve an instinct to kill - to kill and eat .
but let a little thing like this come up - where you needed mobility and a decision factor - then one of the crew had to risk himself .
our ` ` organ of analysis '' did n't miss a thing !
then bring the whole thing here to me .
from a strictly temporal standpoint , having the real thing -- as they see it -- would give them something more .
if i had kept those arms and legs the whole thing would have been different ...
` ` it 's not that big a thing to me , '' he said .
it is a balanced thing .
when the code finally broke , becker had no idea what dark secrets he 'd helped reveal , but one thing was for certain - the nsa took code - breaking seriously ; the check in becker 's pocket was more than an entire month 's university salary .
despite uncertainty about how fast the machine would be , there was one thing on which the engineers agreed - if the processors all functioned in parallel , transltr would be powerful .
` ` he was quite pleasant about the whole thing . ''
a textbook kill - except for one thing .
but there was one thing that made fontaine nervous : the use of hulohot .
the most important thing is to know your weapon 's limitations . ''
that 's the last goddamn thing i care about .
there was only one thing that bothered me , '' lewyn said .
sexual harassment thing . ''
the most important thing now is for us to separate the two of you .
` ` for one thing , my wife is a lawyer and very suspicious . ''
` ` the important thing is to get the thing resolved .
` ` the important thing is to get the thing resolved .
but this thing still has to be resolved . ''
` ` let 's get one thing squared away - ms . vries 's office please ... louise fernandez calling . ''
` ` right now , the important thing is meredith johnson .
it was the most important thing in your life , at the time .
they - and he - cared about one thing ; this fusion of their mentalities oriented their attention on the hill , the climb , the need to ascend .
for one thing , the emphatic faculty probably required an unimpaired group instinct ; a solitary organism , such as a spider , would have no use for it ; in fact it would tend to abort a spider 's ability to survive .
it 's a good thing i know something about opera , rick reflected .
` ` it 's a good thing the association admitted i ' m an andy ; otherwise you 'd probably have gone mad when you caught sight of pris stratton .
` ` courtesy to guests is one thing , and the formal necessities of greeting an envoy , but this ... ` ` ` ` i 'll see to removing them , '' korba said .
his own will was no more than a subtle , shifting thing .
now he tried to focus on the thing about her which troubled him .
one thing certain about this child - it would suffer the same awakening she had suffered .
` ` well , for one thing you 're way too tall , '' kaise said .
one thing was clear , however .
however finding a woman in this court whose twittering foolishness does n't cause my stomach to turn , that is another thing entirely .
one thing is certain : there has rarely been a party like this in kae , and the duke is throwing it for no obvious reason .
` ` one other thing , my lady .
` ` well , you were right about one thing , '' raoden said .
` ` well , that 's one less thing we have to worry about . ''
` ` however , there is one thing that bothers me , '' sarene said , beginning to pace .
` ` then it 's a good thing he did n't go to ahan instead . ''
only one thing beyond the king 's death shocked him .
that was n't the only thing that bothered him , however .
` ` however , there is one thing i have looked forward to even more than my wedding . ''
` ` the whole thing seems a little ...
` ` one more thing , '' buckman said , stopping the sloppily dressed , sleepy taverner as he started to make his way toward the blue - and - white doors .
` ` there is one thing , '' alys said as she steered through traffic , ` ` that i want you to get clear in your mind . ''
i guess maybe it 's a good thing i did n't get him , if he was n't responsible .
one thing in his plan had gone awry , but he had more than half expected this to happen .
only one thing was certain .
death is a very personal thing .
` ` we can discuss one thing , '' idaho said .
he could see , however , that the bene gesserit overlay had been a delicate thing , never penetrating the basic sweetness of her nature .
she appeared to be waiting for sonic important event , anxious ... even dreading ... but with an undertone of some thing like elation .
perhaps you saw what place our universe plays in the scheme of things c as an atom in a blade of grass .
such a small thing but how great the consequences .
humans live best when each has his place to stand , when each knows where he belongs in the scheme of things and what he may achieve .
you did it because the rightness was a thing of this moment .
that was a private thing between shaitan and herself .
his mind fastened , though , on the most important thing .
but ... but there is one thing : what do you propose with that ghola of duncan idaho and the girl , sheeana ? ''
` ` ahhhh , one thing more , '' he said , every bit the master of masters speaking his own language and commanding all of those who heard him .
` ` one thing , '' lucilla said .
` ` that is the only important thing . ''
and perhaps he was wrong about one thing : perhaps they no longer remembered what it had been like before the awful transformation of that strange tart - smelling stimulant that painted orange in their eyes .
` ` first thing we need to do is find some new clothes . ''
` ` but let 's be very clear about one thing .
but one thing was sure - he could n't stay out in the park any longer , or his absence would be noticed .
that was the important thing .
and he kept thinking about one thing : the dark shape that had crossed between the land cruisers even before the attack started .
` ` that 's the last thing i would worry about . ''
end of the day , the trisani was definitely right about one thing .
but she 'd won the fight and that was the most important thing .
not to mention one small other thing ... ` ` i was n't trying to kill you . ''
the most important thing was for them to get out of here as quickly as possible .
that no matter what comes out of someone 's mouth - no matter how much they say they 'll never betray you - one tiny , insignificant thing can turn them against you forever . ''
` ` instead , she goes mental on me and the next thing i know the bitch has called the authorities in an attempt to get me and my sister kasen arrested .
she was the most important thing to him .
but one thing tugged at his memory ...
and every day you disappointed me until the only thing i could think about was ripping your callous heart out of your chest and eating it whole . ''
but he 'd brought up the first thing that had ticked her off at him .
which right now was the last thing he wanted .
but as they lay in the silence , one thing became clear to her .
it disgusted her whenever she thought about it , and the one thing she truly did n't understand was why darling had ever fought for the resistance .
today is the only thing you can alter for certain .
next thing i know , my brother confessed to the world that he was gay . ''
today is the only thing you can change for certain .
at the moment , the only thing he wanted was to find a bed .
` ` it 's a good thing he 's on the other side of the universe , otherwise , i 'd have to hunt him down and school him . ''
` ` it 's a good thing i ' m in top - notch physical shape , '' arnie said , ` ` or this would be out of the question .
mark was convinced the kid had never taken a thing seriously in his entire life .
but his hearing had sharpened considerably since power and artificial lights had mostly become a thing of his past .
as if they needed one more thing to worry about .
but there was one last thing he had to do .
he was still a little disoriented , but things seemed to be in places they should n't be .
oddly , the thing that stood out the most to thomas was teresa 's last name .
` ` ah , one last thing , '' he said .
then the next thing i knew , they put something over my mouth that smelled horrible and then i passed out .
and the one thing that terrified him now was that any returning memories might make him change his mind about that .
was her insistence that ` ` wicked is good '' finally a thing of the past ?
but there 's one more thing . ''
not one more thing .
flew in here , shot him to death , then next thing i know the rat man appears on a screen .
but the most important thing is that wicked wants me to come back .
i do n't want your pretty - boy face to be the last thing i see . ''
going to school was furthest thing from his mind .
instead , his mind wandered , and for some reason he thought of one thing and one thing only .
instead , his mind wandered , and for some reason he thought of one thing and one thing only .
still , only one thing occupied michael 's mind .
` ` understanding and instruction are things that do n't have nothing to do with each other , '' grandpa said in the apple trees .
barry sindler worried about just one thing - the lease .
just one more thing , for the moment , remained to be done .
` ` and one final thing .
chapter 063 riding theunderground tram from the senate office building to the senate dining room , senator robert wilson ( d - vermont ) turned to senator dianne feinstein ( d - california ) and said , ` ` i think we ought to be more proactive on this genetic thing .
and the next thing he knows , he 's got monkeyboy jumping on his back , yanking his hair and growling in his ear like a fucking ape , and billy reached back and grabbed for him and monkeyboy took a bite like - whoa !
but she 's so old - school that telephones just are n't her thing .
he was trapped between the spaghetti strainer and a dinner plate , duct - taped together and wrapped in a towel for silence , the whole thing shoved inside the barneys shopping bag in my hand .
just one thing , though . ''
` ` just one less thing for you to worry about , manny .
` ` okay , first thing : do n't call me kid ! ''
the whole thing was madness , but amid all the insanity , one thing kept bugging me .
you took over the whole thing . ''
she was so angry , she did n't see that nicole was standing back from the door , listening to the whole thing .
and things just fell into place for me , without any real effort on my part .
one other thing , mr . forman , we were n't able to take a psychiatric history from your wife ... '' ` ` why is that ? ''
` ` the thing you have to keep in mind , jack , is that these assemblers can work at room temperature .
it was always the most important thing to me . ''
but you forgot one thing . ''
my old teacher was offering me an olive branch , trying to set aside the things that had come between us .
it might not have been a private rendezvous , but it was probably the safest place in town to discuss this kind of thing .
` ` i ' m saying that the gatekeeper is usually a hell of a lot more specific about this kind of thing , '' bob said .
time has a way of wearing the sharpest edges away from that kind of thing , and it 's easy to avoid thinking about terrifying monsters , and even more terrifying implications , and get back to the daily routine .
it would be the only thing between me and whatever might come rushing from the fog .
she was better at managing that kind of thing than me .
thomas had listened to the whole thing with an almost supernatural quality of noninvolvement .
one thing was certain , though , and gave me a sense of reassurance .
depends on who is available , but this kind of thing gets high priority .
while they report back , i decide that doing me , jacked in or otherwise , is the last thing on his mind .
i ' m not cut out to go around giving orders about every little thing .
next thing i know i ' m on the ground , pinned .
everything loses its immediacy , gaining a pleasant veil , where the most important thing i need to do is shrug out of my jacket and join the dancers .
maybe it 's a man thing , which is stupid .
maybe a really good chemist , analyzing the residue , would be able to posit a guess , but there 's still no proof , and for most criminals , that 's the important thing .
shit , this thing is really sensitive .
one thing 's for sure , though , i wo n't allow them to have died in vain because i ' m afraid to see it through .
i think about all the factors , and in the end , it comes down to one thing .
tarn lost sight of one thing , however .
despite our racial differences , he 's still quintessentially male , and this is a woman thing .
one thing 's certain , though .
` ` it 's a good thing you do n't weigh much . ''
we 'll have to navigate the lock to get out , but one thing at a time .
` ` well , for one thing , there 's a prejudicial element to it , '' jael answers .
it 's a good thing we learned to rely on each other in the tunnels ; otherwise , we would n't have dared risk something on this scale .
the important thing is that everyone wears it . ''
for once , things seem to be falling into place .
good thing i have more important things to do .
do n't worry about a thing .
it 's a good thing i learned to partition , or this plan would ' ve been doomed before it got off the ground .
it 's an oddly personal thing , is n't it ?
ships are jumping again , which is the most important thing .
it 's a thing beyond explaining , beyond sex , and beyond all customary definitions .
we should ' ve checked that first thing .
there could be no other answer besides the one i ' ve come to give , but i figured i owed it to him to say it in person ; it 's not the sort of thing that should be left to the bounce .
` ` i specialize in this sort of thing . ''
first thing , he picked a fight .
it should be a personal thing of honor and promises , but it has dwindled to this , handled by proxies .
you have funds ... and i booked you passage to new terra , leaving first thing in the morning . ''
then , my heart pounding madly , i shifted my hips and wriggled a bit , until the outward pressure of my legs against the bricks was the only thing that kept me from kissing sidewalk .
she let out a hiss of pain as she did , but she did n't let a little thing like an exposed internal organ get in the way of conversation .
would she wish you to decide such a thing ? ''
i could feel the pain of it - but it was a small thing , really , something i might have gotten from a rat .
` ` okay , we ' ve got to make sure there 's no more of these lying around , first thing .
they just do n't care about that sort of thing .
` ` well , what 's one more thing , right ? ''
peter wakeman made a big thing of it .
responsibility and duty , that sort of thing . ''
the next thing he knew he was sitting on something low , bending down and fumbling for his shoes .
if he had more time , a few days to work the thing out ...
` ` he never worried about that sort of thing . ''
` ` but we should clear up one thing .
we can pick over the ash later ; right now we have other things to think about . ''
jackson presided over the whole thing as a hard scientist , not letting anybody get carried away .
` ` that 's the important thing now . ''
and the next thing i know , ted 's making up quotes and positioning himself in front of the camera . ''
` ` for one thing , it 's really sort of theoretical .
she had acted so strangely about the whole thing .
we can decide to forget the whole thing . ''
but one thing is sure : we can expect an extremely well - prepared opposition . ''
` ` just one very simple thing , '' kenner said .
for one thing , ted bradley was very publicly associated with nerf , and as a hired employee she should have known that , and she should have treated his opinions with respect .
because the next thing he knew he was sitting on the floor of the limousine , gasping and watching blood drip all over his shirt .
was n't it a little early for that sort of thing ?
` ` names are one thing , '' teft grumbled .
` ` i will speak of this thing . ''
it was a private thing .
` ` ' one more thing , uncle , ' '' danlan read .
` ` she is said to be a sterling woman , save for one thing . ''
one thing remained clear , like a bright spot of light on the wall of a dark room .
as he watched the battle , he focused on one thing in particular to distract himself .
` ` you are right about one thing , at least , nohadon .
they seemed focused on only one thing .
` ` the only thing i 'd be alarmed about is how irresistible the women would find it .
the last thing he wanted to do was to trip over a swatch of linen at the crucial moment .
callahan was holdingjake 's gun ... and another thing , as well : some sort of carving .
eddie wanted to get the writ of trade to moses carver , if he could , along with the information that his goddaughter , odetta holmes - missing for thirteen years by the summer of 1977 - was alive and well and wanted above all things for carver to assume guardianship , not just of the vacant lot itself , but of a certain rose growing wild within its borders .
` ` the first thing you ought to know is that i met this guy here in a middle of an airplane flight from nassau , the bahamas , to kennedy airport in new york .
one thing that did seem clear was brautigan 's talent as a facilitator , a psychic who was not just powerful by himself but was able to up the abilities of others just by being near them .
for one thing , how else could he have crossed the xay river ?
as with most things in life , you have to use your imagination , and ted can do that , he 's good at the old visualization thing , thank you oh so very much .
that was the only thing that mattered .
the breakers were the important thing right now .
never mind , the thing that mattered right now- before he could finish his thought , the gas - pods behind the kitchen blew up .
i thought he might be gone before you got here , even if you ran- '' ` ` i did , once i got to the grassy part- '' ` ` -but , as you see ... '' ` ` he fights hard , '' susannah said , and that this was the only thing left for her to take pride in made jake cold .
` ` if i do n't come back , '' she said , ` ` you just remember one thing : it was my husband who invented the internet - him and his friends , partly at caltech and partly in their own garages .
like roland , the boy had never had a sense of time as a thing so little in their control .
the two women have enjoyed their hour 's walk , not because either of them has any great love of raspberries ( justine reckons she wo n't even eat hers ; the seeds get caught in her teeth ) but because it 's given them a chance to catch up on their respective families and to laugh a little together about the years when their friendship was new and probably the most important thing in either girl 's life .
` ` the next thing i knew , we were coasting into the station .
he decides to make himself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch and forget the whole damned thing for another day .
one thing was for sure : if joe had a bottle of hydrogen peroxide or some kind of antibiotic cream in his medicine cabinet , she intended to give the damned mess a good cleaning - out while it was open .
` ` reality is seldom a thing of black and white , i think , of is and is n't , be and not be . ''
` ` for one thing , '' he said , taking her trail - toughened left hand gendy in his mutilated right one , ` ` there 's another who should have the choice to go or stay , and i ' m not speaking of patrick . ''
only one thing matters .
back when winning a district title seemed like the most important thing in the world .
blood chemistries , ph , acidity and alkalinity , the whole thing .
but the important thing is that russian or not , there are a hell of a lot of satellites up there .
one more thing nagged at the back of his mind .
` ` the important thing is that we were not fooled by their amateurish attempt at deception .
things were going to seed with sandra gone .
one more thing , and she was going to leave for new york .
one thing had become quite clear .
to the gowachin , family remained a private thing , walled off from strangers in an isolation which was abandoned only when you entered your chosen phylum .
yes , that had to be the answer , because there was one thing certain now : people always devise their own justifications .
that was n't far from the place where mckie had been paraded through ... several things slipped into a new relationship in broey 's mind .
only that brief encounter with pcharky , a thing which jedrik no longer was willing to discuss .
broey nodded , continued : ` ` one more thing .
this whole thing was so un - wreave !
instantly , it became a thing to explore - back - and forth .
on the surface of it , the whole thing had assumed a sense of the ordinary .
it was a tiny thing , a subtle shading in the contact which could have been overlooked by anyone with a less accurate simulation model of jedrik .
and not our consentiency because that already was a thing of the past .
` ` oh , and one other thing : the commodore is sharpening knives with which to carve you if there is some error on this mission . ''
` ` first thing , '' said bonnett .
` ` do we have time to give this thing a more thorough going over in the shack ? ''
` ` not with that thing to solve . ''
` ` that was the thing les should have considered , '' said sparrow .
` ` one more thing , '' said sparrow .
` ` the important thing is for us all to relax , '' said sparrow .
just one thing , old fellow .
` ` a close thing with you , johnny .
he had no idea if he could carry it back through the doorway to the body which needed it so badly , but one thing at a time , one thing at a time .
he had no idea if he could carry it back through the doorway to the body which needed it so badly , but one thing at a time , one thing at a time .
for one thing it would be the most murderous sort of thievery , because he would not be content to be just a passenger for long , looking out of this man 's eyes like a traveller looking out of a coach window at the passing scenery .
that 's the first thing .
the important thing was that it was just talk , not yelling , he had been right , no one was going to start yelling with maybe two hundred and fifty passengers still waiting to deplane from the single forward door .
isee , the gunslinger answered , wondering if the prisoner really believed what he was saying or was only saying it to keep the situation from spilling over as the tower depicted in those lines of fire seemed about to do , wondering if eddie believed any sign could be a trivial thing .
balazar was thinking of only one thing : finally putting an end to the goddam junkie who had brought this ruin down on his head .
` ` i might be able to at least operate provisionally according to the dictates of your third alternative as long as this ... this situation ... continued to go on , except for one thing : there 's a fundamental difference between what happened to you and what happened to me .
until after dark ; i think that 's the important thing .
what mattered was the thing which pushed change into the ordinary course of things and sculpted new lines in the flow of lives ... and , perhaps , the destinies not only of those struck , but of a widening circle around them , like ripples from a stone tossed into a still pond .
he had planned his escape in advance as he planned everything in advance ( take only acceptable risks , minimize those which remain , be a do bee in all things ) ; such planning was why he had been marked by his colleagues as a man who would go far ( and he did intend to go far , but one of the places he did not intend to go was to jail , or the electric chair ) .
` ` very well , '' gaotona said , ` ` but i am confused at one thing .
not a damn ' thing - unless the durants force it .
' except for one thing , ' igan said , ' they are as we - variously human .
it is a thing to consider . '
whatever his soues of income , whatever the truth of his background , one thing is certain : he was a master cracksman , or burglar , who over the years had accumulated sufficient capital to finance large - scale criminal operations , thus becoming what was called ` ` a patter - up . ''
for one thing , that was how most crimes were carried out .
harranby had told sharp that ` ` now we shall see a thing or two , '' but the second interrogation turned out to be as brief as the first : ` ` where is the man barlow ? '' '
` ` one thing , '' kelexel said .
it was n't a personal thing .
her whole being told her the urgent thing could wait .
the whole thing was of no concern to him .
the important thing is that the community wants the man executed -- and our benighted d.a . , mr . paret , is running for reelection . ''
it was the most vital thing in her life at this moment to show kelexel why she nurtured such a seed of violent hate toward him .
` ` birth control was pretty much the last thing on my mind . ''
maggie had held jared at the point of an antique sword while he tried to explain ; it had been a close thing .
` ` such a little thing , '' he said , ` ` but it 's the first time in so long that my feet have touched the floor when i ' ve sat down .
it was an attractive room , except for one thing : one of its walls was missing .
one thing more .
he was beginning to think on track again now , and it seemed to him that the first thing that needed finding out was if the process produced things on the other end exactly as they had been , or if they were in any way changed by the trip .
the major thing was to leave them with the knowledge that everything was all right now , that the problem had been licked .
` ` putting aside for the moment the vagueness in that word ' clear ' and this unexplained concept of ' council , ' let me point out one thing we all know .
at one time , she had been interested in shipman 's place in the ship scheme of things .
take my case , i spent the following year in purgatory , wondering just how much of it was my fault and how much was hers , wondering how right or wrong it was to keep pushing her on the subject of kids - that was the big thing with us , nothing dramatic like drugs or adultery , just the old kids - versus - career thing - and then it was like there was an express elevator inside my head , and anne was in it , and down it went .
they were n't the important thing .
the important thing was that he would n't need to muss his clothes trying to crawl through an air - conditioning duct or something .
he agreed with dinah about one thing , though ; it sounded bad .
he had taken care of the thing which had been masquerading as a little girl , and he would take care of these other things as well .
he could spend the whole trip back in a lip - lock with this girl and never worry about a thing .
now that we were going to jam together , it did n't pay to notice things like that .
i mean , for one thing , being plural is stupid . ''
` ` but they let us off , that 's the important thing .
` ` keel 's right about one thing , '' brett said , ` ` we need to find out who as soon as possible . ''
he wondered why hank olson wanted to bring up such a terrible thing .
` ` but it 's never really the important thing . ''
barkovitch told mcvries to go to hell , and now he seemed quite upset by the whole thing .
i mean a guy 's got to have a couple of friends on a thing like this .
but this one thing ...
he thought of baker 's lead - lined box , sealed against the dark millennia , and wondered if it would be the last thing he ever thought of .
this country has been a biological research center for years , and i can tell you , things have changed .
that was the last thing .
the important thing is that you should know where to get one if you need one .
one thing keeps nagging me , and that 's why i ' ve enclosed a xerox of the postcard my brother sent me from carson city shortly before he died .
plus one other thing .
on the card he says ` ` more later '' , as if he ca n't wait to spill the whole thing , but once i had him on the phone , i just about have to drag it out of him .
` ` think this thing over ? ''
it seemed to satisfy pie , though , at least temporarily , and belinda supposed that was the important thing .
now there was only one thing that did interest her : rolling the dice while she judged the odds were still heavily in her favor .
the boys looked at each other , and johnny had a sense of communication between them - brief but complex , perhaps the sort of thing in which only twins could engage .
that 's the most important thing .
he told me a lot about little seth garin in a short time , but the most important thing was how much they all loved him .
things are a little better lately , the current crop of pols has at least some sense , but there are still something like a dozen ` ` injunctive suits '' pending in the county or federal courts , filed by people ( mostly the ` ` greens '' ) who want to shut us down .
i want to set down one more thing .
` ` not ordinary ones , anyway , '' he says , ` ` but maybe these are n't ordinary ghosts , for one thing , everyone who has seen them says they 're solid .
of course you 're upset , mrs . williams , but just for the record ... would you mind going through this once more ... we 're puzzled by one small thing here ... are you sure that was n't the other way around ... how do you know ... why ... then what did he say ...
` ` for one thing , the metal should be clean . ''
` ` but they take the whole thing way too seriously . ''
still , flying had felt like a private thing between the two of them .
surviving the snake pit and finding out why the darklings were after her was the only thing that counted .
for one thing , it did n't fit with one 's view of the rest of the world , where machines were always making mistakes - fuses blowing , stereos breaking down , ovens overheating , cars refusing to start .
for one thing , it was n't necessary to say it .
` ` if that jawbone you 're holding was the one from the way station , that would be one thing .
` ` there 's one other thing before we go . ''
` ` there is one more thing , '' roland said .
because i ' m tired of tough - ing this thing out .
it was the largest thing inside him right now , weaving through everything else like smoke .
there was one more thing , but what ?
and if there is any place in the universe where these things can be set right , it 's at the dark tower . ''
` ` bumblers are choosy about that sort of thing , '' roland said .
for one thing , he was afraid of what his hands might do if the sickly , sullen people before him tried to run .
' the important thing , larry , is that you rest , ' his father said .
and now he saw this curious thing which no one else around him mentioned : did not the cinematic monsters of this time bear a remarkable resemblance to the children being aborted every day in the nation 's clinics ?
but there was many another teaching sister at st alphonsus school that took another tack , and that 's how she kept her power over those around her , getting her way in one thing and another right up to the day she died . '
it came as no surprise that carlotta invited him into the long double parlor and the coffee things were brought in on the silver tray , all quite cordial .
miss carlotta had washed her hands of the whole thing , they said , but miss nancy had taken deirdre to guy mayer to buy her a nice pretty dress for the city hall wedding .
trouble was , she 'd told herself this morning to remember about this personal thing , this call that had to be made , this something that really mattered to her .
but he 's too obsessed to give up on this whole thing .
he was thinking that she was the first thing in all these weeks that really mattered to him , that took his mind off the accident and off himself .
' that 's another thing , michael .
' and there 's another thing , ' she said .
do you believe in that sort of thing , i mean , the validity of this promise to ellie , to a person who 's dead ? '
why , i remember when i was with her out there , you know , talking over breakfast , at her house in tiburon , i looked out over the water and i said almost defiantly to those beings , that this thing with rowan mattered to me . '
i at once paid the small fortune required for these ' fine chambers , ' and , asking for a quantity of - candles , that i might write late into the night as i am doing now , i went up the crooked little stair and found that this was a tolerable place with a decent straw mattress , not too filthy all things considered and one of them being that this is not amsterdam , and a small hearth of which i have no need on account of the beautiful september weather , and the windows though small do indeed look out upon the pyre .
except perhaps that those in marseille do not believe so much in witchcraft and ascribe the madness of the persecution to the superstition of the mountain people , though what is that superstition without the famous witch judge to goad it on7 it is most easy for me to inquire about these two for no one here knows that i have been in the mountains , and it seems that those whom i invite to join me in a cup of wine do love to speak of charlotte and antome fontenay as the townspeople of montcleve loved to speak of the entire family a great stir was caused here by charlotte and young fontenay , for apparently they live with much extravagance and generosity to everyone , handing out coins as if they were nothing , and they appeared at the church here for mass with a retinue of negroes as they did in montcleve , which drew all eyes it is said also that they paid very well every doctor here whom they did consult with regard to antome 's affliction and there is much talk about the cause of this illness , as to whether it springs from the intense heat of the west indies , or is an old malady of which many europeans have suffered in ages past there is no doubt among these people as to the wealth of the fontenays , and they did have agents in this city for trade until very recently , but taking their departure here in great haste , before the arrest of deborah had become common knowledge , they broke their ties with the local agents , and no one knows where they have gone now , i have more to tell you maintaining myself at great expense as the rich dutch merchant , i managed to discover the name of a very gracious and beautiful young woman , of fine family , who was a friend to charlotte fontenay , a name mentioned in connection with that of charlotte whenever the name charlotte is mentioned in a conversation of any length saying only that i had known and loved deborah de montcleve in her youth in amsterdam , i managed to secure this lady 's trust , and learned more from her lips her name being jeanne angehque de roulet , she was at court during which time charlotte was at court , and they were presented to his majesty together jeanne de roulet , fearing nothing of the superstition in the mountains , avers that charlotte is of a beguiling and sweet disposition and could never be a witch she too lays it down to the ignorance of the mountamfolk that anyone could believe such a thing she has offered a mass for the repose of the soul of the unfortunate com ' sse as for antome , the lady 's impression of him is that he bears his illness with great fortitude , and indeed loves his wife and is not , all things taken into account , a poor companion to his wife however , the cause of their long journey home to deborah was that the young man may not now father any more children , so great is his weakness , and the one boy child now living , though very strong and healthy , may inherit the malady no one knows it was further stated that the father of antome , the master of the plantation , was in favor of the journey , so eager is he for male children through antome and so disapproving of his other sons , who are most dissolute and cohabit with their negro mistresses , rarely bothering to enter their father 's house this young woman by the way maintains a great devotion to charlotte and laments that charlotte did not take leave of her before sailing from marseille however , on account of the horrors in the cevennes , all is forgiven when asked why no one came to the defense of deborah in these recent proceedings , the woman had to confess that the comte de montcleve had himself never been to court , and neither had his mother , and that they had been huguenots at one time in their history , and that no one in paris knew the comtesse , that charlotte herself had been there only briefly , and that when the tale went round that deborah de montcleve was in fact the fatherless daughter of a scottish witch , a mere peasant by all accounts , outrage over her predicament turned to pity and finally to nothing at all ' ah , ' says the young woman , ' those mountains and those towns ' she herself is eager to return to paris , for what is there outside paris7 and who can hope to obtain favor or advancement if he or she is not in attendance upon the king7 that is all that i have time to write we sail within the hour stefan , must i make it more plain to you71 must see the girl , i must warn her against the spirit , and where , for the love of heaven , do you imagine , that this child , born eight months after deborah took leave of me in amsterdam , got her fair skin and her flaxen hair ?
it is as if my life before this were a thing painted in pale colors ; but now it takes on the vibrancy of rembrandt van rijn .
but the main thing was this .
' it was a tender thing that .
stella never ' cared a thing about money ' by her own admission and over carlotta 's wishes , she placed her interests entirely in cortland 's hands cortland and his son sheffield continued to manage the bulk of the fortune on behalf of antha after stella 's death .
' then lo and behold , one morning , perhaps ten o'clock it would be the child never did care what time she came to school the limousine would appear on the corner of constance and saint andrew and out would step stella in her little uniform , a perfect doll , if you can imagine , but with a great big ribbon in her hair and what would she have with her , but a sack of gaily wrapped presents for each of the sisters she knew by name , and hugs for all of us , too , you can be sure of it ' sister bridget marie , ' she 'd whisper in my ear , ' i missed you ' and sure enough , i 'd open the box , and i can tell you this happened more than once , and there 'd be some little thing i so wanted with all my heart why , one time it was a tiny infant jesus of prague she gave me , all dressed in silk and satin , and another time , the most beautiful rosary of crystal and silver ah , what a child what a strange child .
a secretary for mayfair and mayfair describes in vivid detail one of stella 's visits to the office , when she appeared in a dashing fur coat and very high heels , with a bottle of bootleg whiskey in a brown paper bag from which she drank all during the meeting , erupting into wild laughter at all the funny legal phrases read out to her regarding the transaction involved cortland seemed to have been charmed , but also a little weary finally , in a good - natured way , he told stella to go on to her luncheon , and he would take care of the whole thing .
when he woke up , he was stuart he had absolutely no recollection of ever having been anyone else indeed , he believed he was ten years old , and when he heard a manly voice issuing from his own throat , he was horrified when he discovered he had a grown man 's body , he was speechless with shock dumbfounded he sat in his hospital bed listening to stories of what had been happening to him for the last ten years of course he did not understand french he 'd had a terrible time with it in school and of course he could n't play the piano why , everybody knew he had no musical ability he could not even carry a tune in the next few weeks , he sat staring at the dinner table at his ' enormous ' brothers and sisters , at his now gray - haired father , and at his mother , who could not look at him without bursting into tears telephones and automobiles which hardly existed in 1905 when he had ceased to be stuart startled him endlessly electric lights filled him with insecurity but the keenest source of agony was his own adult body and the ever deepening realization that his childhood and adolescence were now gone without a trace then he began to confront the inevitable problems he was twenty with the emotions and education of a ten - year - old boy he began to gain weight , his color improved , he went riding on the nearby ranches with his old friends tutors were hired to educate him , he read the newspapers and the national magazines by the hour he took long walks during which he practiced moving and thinking like an adult but he lived in a perpetual state of anxiety he was passionately attracted to women , but did not know how to deal with this attraction his feelings were easily hurt as a man he felt hopelessly inadequate at last he began to quarrel with everyone , and discovering that he could drink with impunity , he began to ' hit the bottle ' in the local saloons soon the whole town knew the story some people remembered the first ' go round ' when antoinette had been born others only heard the whole tale in retrospect whatever the case , there was ceaseless talk and though the local paper never , out of deference to the doctor , made mention of this bizarre story , a reporter from dallas , texas , got wind of it from several sources , and without the family 's cooperation , wrote a long article on it which appeared in the sunday edition of a dallas paper in 1915 other papers picked up this story it was eventually forwarded to us in london about two months after it appeared meantime curiosity seekers descended upon stuart a local author wanted to write a novel about him representatives from national magazines rang the front door bell the family was up in arms stuart was once again driven indoors , and sat brooding in the attic room , staring at the treasured possessions of this strange person antoinette , and feeling that ten years of his life had been stolen from him , and he was now a hopeless misfit , driven to antagonizing everyone he knew no doubt the family received a great deal of unwelcome mail on the other hand , communication in that day and age was not what it is now whatever the case , a package from the talamasca reached stuart in late 1916 , containing two well - known books about such cases of ' possession , ' along with a letter from us informing him that we had a good deal of knowledge about such things and would be very glad to talk to him about it , and about others who had experienced the same thing stuart at once fired off a reply he met with our representative louis daly in dallas in the summer of 1917 , and gratefully agreed to go with us to london dr townsend , at first deeply concerned , was finally won over by louis , who assured him that our approach to such things was entirely scholarly , and at last stuart came to us on september 1 , he was received into the order as a novice the following year , and he remained with us from then on his first project of course was a thorough study of his own case , and a study of every other known case of possession on record his conclusion finally , and that of the other talamasca scholars assigned to this area of research , was that he indeed had been possessed by the spirit of a dead woman he believed then and ever after that the spirit of antoinette fielding could have been driven out of him , if anyone knowledgeable had been consulted , even a catholic priest for though the catholic church holds that such cases are purely demonic which we do not there is no doubt that their techniques for exorcising such alien presences do work for the next five years stuart did nothing but investigate past cases of possession the world over he interviewed victims by the dozens , taking voluminous notes he came to the conclusion long held by the talamasca that there are a great variety of entities who engage in possession some may be ghosts , some may be entities who were never human , some may be ' other personalities ' within the host but he remained convinced that antoinette fielding had been a real human being , and that like many such ghosts , she had not known or understood that she was dead in 1920 he went to paris to find evidence of antoinette fielding he was unable to discover anything at all but the few bits of information about the dead louisa fielding did fit with what antoinette had written about her mother time , however , had long ago erased any real trace of these persons and stuart remained forever dissatisfied on this account in late 1920 he resigned himself to the fact that he might never know who antoinette was , and then he turned to active fieldwork on behalf of the talamasca he went out with louis daly to intervene in cases of possession , carrying out with daly a form of exorcism which daly used very effectively to drive such alien presences out of the victim - host daly was very impressed with stuart townsend he became stuart 's mentor , and stuart was throughout these years noted for his compassion , patience , and effectiveness in this field not even daly could comfort the victims afterwards the way stuart could do it after all , stuart had been there stuart knew stuart worked in this field tirelessly until 1929 , reading the file on the mayfair witches only when a busy schedule allowed then he made his plea to the council and won at that point in time , stuart was thirty - five he stood six feet tall , had ash - blond hair and dark gray eyes he was lean of build and had a light complexion he tended to dress elegantly , and was one of those americans who deeply admires english manners and ways of doing things , and aspires to imitate them he was an attractive young man but his greatest appeal to friends and acquaintances was a sort of boyish spontaneity and innocence stuart was really missing ten years of his life , and he never got them back he was capable at times of impetuousness , and of flying off the handle , of getting furious when he encountered even small obstacles to his plans but he controlled this very well when he was in the field , and when he threw a tantrum in the motherhouse he could always be brought round .
' next thing i knew a monstrous clap of thunder obliterated the deafening screams and shrieks still coming from all quarters and i felt the ram gusting in , then i heard it coming down on the porches all around , and then the lights went out .
antha was the person to whom we should make our disclosure , and such a thing could not even be considered until antha reached the age of twenty - one .
but maybe what deirdre wanted was n't the important thing . '
but one thing had emerged from the investigator 's talks in the bar .
but there is one thing of which i am certain .
for surely it had been here , though all the late afternoon long , over the cocktails and the salad and the highly spiced food , they had spoken only superficially of such things .
' i know , i understand , and the important thing is , i am here , and you are n't alone . '
' let me ask you one more thing , ' michael said .
' one thing specifically , ' she said .
that was the most important thing of all .
she should have attended to it before now , but it was one of those little things she wanted to ignore , to weed out from all the rest that was being offered her .
the important thing is to provide for them a superior dna , so to speak , a new and unforeseen incentive to form organs of the proper size . '
she felt the coldness against her naked breast , she felt the thing caught in her hair , and she knew what it was .
christ , rowan , this thing is cold . '
' such a small thing to affect so much . '
the only thing was , what could he do ?
palmer eldritch had peopled his landscape with things such as this ; he was still highly involved with them , even now that he had returned to his home system .
` ` but just one thing .
one thing had become abundantly clear to dess : the geometry of the blue time was a lot more complicated than any spiderweb .
for most it was probably just a social thing , like going to church is for a lot of people .
melissa did n't think about it in those terms much , but that was and always had been the prime source of conflict between the two races : the whole foodchain thing .
the trauma thing was part of it . ''
` ` i mean , it was one thing when it was darklings .
` ` is the flatland thing why you never hold my hand ? ''
for one thing , growing up in bixby had n't left madeleine a mental cripple .
` ` anyway , the main thing is the timing .
one less thing to think about , anyway .
the phone call was another thing out of the way .
just one more thing ... '' ` ` what ? ''
jessica was still busy not thinking about the thing she was n't supposed to think about when melissa 's car slid to a stop outside .
the next thing i knew , car horns were blaring an impatient symphony .
` ` is it an instantaneous kind of thing ? ''
` ` it 's a good thing you ' ve got options .
when i thought of how unfair the whole thing was , i had more than a passing desire to grab whatever slender threads i could reach , until i could sort things out , later .
the important thing was that the game had just changed .
` ` one more thing before i go , harry .
after that , things fell into place without requiring my participation .
one thing , anyhow , had n't changed .
` ` talk this thing over . ''
there was just one thing left on the desk , placed squarely in the center of the blotter .
' one other thing .
' one more thing , ms shumway : do you have a pacemaker implant ?
the only thing on which he had n't caved to big jim was the issue of sidearms .
in the chester 's mill scheme of things , he had no place .
' one thing at a time , ' bigjim said , and marched forward toward the next problem .
if what you know might help me with that - ' ' if staying out of jail is the only thing you 're worried about , i ' m disappointed in you . '
' the whole freaking thing ! '
for one thing , you 're apt to ... ' for a brief moment he saw jannie , shaking in her bed , muttering about the great pumpkin .
one thing was sure : if these people were asked later , they would remember exactly where and when they had seen eric ' rusty ' everett .
what 's the other thing you want to know , ms shumway ?
' we can put fred denton with them , too , ' chief randolph said , getting into the spirit of the thing .
one more thing , junior had said as he dropped sloppy sam off .
it 's not due process , but if anyone can understand bypassing a little thing like that , it would be you . '
' let me check one thing first . '
and we 'll need more if this thing is n't sorted out by next week .
' if you do n't agree to that , forget the whole thing . '
' and another thing , ' jackie said , still spinning her glass .
there were many things he was n't sure of just now - he felt like a man swimming in a sea of perplexity - but he felt sure of one thing : his wife thought somebody might be listening .
yes , but that was n't the biggest thing troubling him .
that was the thing to concentrate on ; big jim would see him through .
i 'll get you further details as soon as we get them here , but right now the important thing is to quell any panic in town before it can take hold . '
' one other thing , ' colonel cox said .
one thing was for sure : they were all in it together .
then , when the guys from castles in the air came to retrieve the empties ( a thing they were often lax about ) , sam would go out to his oxygen bar , open the valves , run the tanks dry , pile them in his son 's old red wagon , and trundle them out to the bright blue truck with the air - bubbles on it .
the first thing was light .
it was a little thing , really .
anyway , you know about theology and that sort of thing , correct ? ''
and that was the one thing , above all else , that her training had never prepared her to deal with .
` ` in fact , '' she said , ` ` the only thing i ' ve ever seen you express even a spark of emotion about is that man , vasher .
a little thing .
` ` big thing .
one thing , however , is not obvious . ''
that was one thing that idris certainly handled better than hallandren .
said murder was a thing of ... well , hallandren . ''
` ` oh , and one thing .
though , there 's one thing i ca n't figure out . ''
are we sure we want to get involved in that sort of thing again ?
` ` this , perhaps , seems a small thing to you .
ca n't we dispense with more of that and get down to the real thing ? ''
whatever taprisiots did to make a call , one thing was certain : it involved the human pineal gland or its equivalent among other sentients .
` ` one thing - who do i contact at the bureau ?
` ` one more thing , '' mckie said .
` ` one thing , '' siker said .
oh , one thing . ''
one thing sure now ; the sun was setting .
one thing sure : abnethe had her feet planted on a real planet somewhere .
` ` for one thing , there is n't even a hint , not the slightest subjective indication of variation in stellar magnitudes . ''
` ` the second thing , '' mckie said , unperturbed , ` ` will be to invoke our emergency clause with the taprisiots , get notification of every call made by every suspected friend or associate of abnethe 's . ''
` ` her world , '' cheo agreed , ` ` but you 're mistaken about one thing , mckie .
the most important thing was to be close to where i would be working and that i not run up an unmanageable bill .
` ` one thing at a time , '' i said .
it was a close thing , but i held back enough to keep from forgetting the danger .
` ` i think that 's one thing we do n't have to worry about just yet . ''
he seemed to have lost interest in the whole thing - had ` ` zoned out , '' in his weird 1980s slang .
i hate them honky mahfahs down in miss'ippi worse'n i hate that harness , she had once told eddie in the voice of detta walker , but sometimes it be a close thing , sugar .
` ` one thing about your dream concerns me very much , eddie . ''
` ` well ... mayhap there 's one more small thing ... '' rhea smiled to show it was indeed small , then raised her left hand in front of susan 's eyes with three fingers together and one apart .
the thing that troubled her most as she made her way back toward town was her new understanding of the compact she had made .
mayhap there 's one more little thing , the old woman had said ... or so susan thought .
but what had that one more little thing been ?
but ... i 'd like to make them clear on their place in the great scheme o ' things . ''
sheriff avery looked sentimental for a moment , but roland had an idea that the face of his mother was the furthest thing from the big man 's mind just then .
he talked about the fishing trade ( ` ` not what it useter be , boy , although it 's less muties they pull up in their nets these days , ' n that 's a blessin '' ) , the farming trade ( ` ` folks round here can grow most anythin , long 's it 's corn or beans '' ) , and finally about those things clearly closest to his heart : horsin , coursin , and ranchin .
but that was n't the main thing , and susan knew it .
that one thing was a promise to himself that he would see dearborn , stockworth , and heath laid out dead in a row , hand to outstretched hand like a little girl 's paper dolls .
mayhap there 's one more little thing , rhea had responded , and then she told the impudent trull what to do .
except ( here was another thing which infuriated him , that rubbed against his nerves like the sound of the thinny ) roland did not argue .
things were reaching the boil , and there would be a lot to do before demon moon rose full in the sky .
` ` if we can fire the oil , the rest will go up with it ... and the oil is the most important thing , anyway .
` ` the important thing is that they ' ve decided to leave us free while they round up and run .
and she says ' mayhap there 's one more little thing , ' and then ... then ... '' alain squeezed gently down on her hands , using whatever it was he had in his own , his touch , sending it into her .
the important thing is that they do n't see us - you do n't think they can , do you ? ''
but maybe the important thing is that the wizard actually came from - ` ` ` ` wizard ? ''
as with detta walker and the blue lady 's forspecial plate , there was one more thing .
why he was reacting this way over a quick shag , he did n't know , but one thing was for sure ... there was no way archon or any cyborg was laying a hand on her .
the only thing that mattered right now was the two of them and the soul - deep connection she could feel tightening between them .
whichever way she cut a situation like this , one thing was for sure , it was n't going to end up well for her .
she whimpered , her cunt pierced and forced to part for the thick shaft , her own excitement making the hard penetration a thing of pleasure and delicious friction as her walls clamped down around him .
last thing i want to explain is why we got done over by an android . ''
locked up , they had no way of telling where they were , but one thing was for sure .
and if it is all a pack of nonsense , and you have some other thing in mind , i dare say with the coachman and a couple of footmen we can just as well put paid to your notion . ''
but this was another thing entirely ; almost not of the world in its monstrous size .
i have forgotten much , and i will forget more , and in the end i will forget everything ; yet , if i have any certainty of life beyond death , it is all wrapped up not in psalms or hymns , but in this one thing alone : i can not believe that i will ever forget that moment , or forget the expression on stella 's face as she watched vic hurrying away from her .
oh - and one other little thing , '' she added lightly .
` ` and in each tavern he would greet the jeweler and point out the one thing that he - or they - had overlooked .
but one thing i ' ve learned over the last two years is that things are never simple .
he was taking to the whole thing with an unruffled calm that was confounding at the best of times , and made me want to toss him into the hazard zone with high percentage variables and no weapon every time he retold the tale of how he 'd saved jo .
i was n't sure if i was comforted by this or not , although it did make things go a little faster once i narrowed the search to include only living organisms .
` ` and one more thing , '' said toby to the man .
` ` we have many things to decide now , fluria , but the chief thing is this .
` ` we have many things to decide now , fluria , but the chief thing is this .
then i took them into the amistad suite , my favorite , to show them the beautiful painted dome , and the tester bed , and the quaint fireplace that did n't work , and they did note it was very ` ` like new orleans '' but i think they were thrilled with the luxurious digs they had , and so the whole thing went as i 'd planned .
` ` your uncle patrick took care of the whole thing .
` ` oh , but one thing first .
` ` a thing that involved lionello whom i so loved . ''
deirdre was very keen on that sort of thing .
but it was one thing to work to bring it about , and quite another for it to actually happen .
apart from , of course , the fact that the world was an amazing interesting place which they both wanted to enjoy for as long as possible , there were few things that the two of them agreed on , but they did see eye to eye about some of those people who , for one reason or another , were inclined to worship the prince of darkness .
he stood up , took his tray over to the please dispose of your refuse with care receptacle , and dumped the whole thing .
` ` one other thing , '' said the voice .
heaven and hell are n't running things any more , it 's like the whole planet is a third world country that 's finally got the bomb ... then he began to smile .
nuh .. now i ' m duh .. dead , there 's juh just one thing to suh .. say ... '' beryl ormerod was a little disgruntled by all this .
up until now the problems had been fairly basic .. things like it being obsolete before they had finished building it , einsteinian tailbacks that eventually became tailforwards , that kind of thing .
he felt the whole thing was in vaguely bad taste .
civilization stopped its slide into chaos , and started writing letters to the newspapers about how people got overexcited about the least little thing these days .
` ` we have people for that sort of thing . ''
` ` anyone who could build a universe in six days is n't going to let a little thing like that happen .
` ` but that 's the whole point of the thing .
peter was just starting to hope that it would not be answered and he could forget the whole thing when there was a click and a brisk young female voice said , ` ` ketch hare burke ketch .
nobody does anything for nothing in this world ; he had a good mind to phone kemble back and call the whole thing off .
i ' m sending you to a special clinic , which takes care of all of that kind of thing .
` ` what about the other thing , doctor ? ''
-not a thing , he said .
that was the only thing of any importance that occurred to us on the second day .
you are thinking like a mortal man , making things always to be one thing or another .
` ` ai n't nobody but you and winston that i missed , but i need to get some things back to normal ... i need to make connections so i can set up some credit at the store , maybe some farm trade for things we need next year .
next thing he knew he was lying on the ground looking up at the stars .
` ` one thing continues to bother me - a small thing , perhaps , but it nitters and natters at the back of my mind , and i can not rid myself of it , however i try .
` ` one thing continues to bother me - a small thing , perhaps , but it nitters and natters at the back of my mind , and i can not rid myself of it , however i try .
` ` one thing i ca n't help but wonder , '' he said , ` ` is if they learn anything from the experience .
the only thing on his mind was detergent and fabric softener , and then he looked up and there she was .
still , it 's not an easy thing to bring up ; it would kill her to have to cancel the wedding at this late date , poor thing .
apparently inspired by my real - world sexual abandon , the next thing he wrote me into was an erotic novella .
he would go to my apartment , check on things , water my plants .
this was by no means a strictly quantifiable thing , but the correlation , in general , seemed to exist .
` ` i mean , this will be the biggest thing ... ever . ''
bad for business , that sort of thing . ''
fat charlie was only ever fat for a handful of years , from shortly before the age of ten , which was when his mother announced to the world that if there was one thing she was over and done with ( and if the gentleman in question had any argument with it he could just stick it you know where ) it was her marriage to that elderly goat that she had made the unfortunate mistake of marrying and she would be leaving in the morning for somewhere a long way away and he had better not try to follow , to the age of fourteen , when fat charlie grew a bit and exercised a little more .
then again , in the condition he was in , he only had room in his head for a single thing to worry about at once , and right now he was worrying about whether or not he would make it to the bathroom in time .
you seem like half a thing .
right now , the only thing casting a damper on his happiness was that he had resolved to tell rosie the truth .
every little thing , he told himself , is going to be all right .
` ` well , '' she said cheerily , ` ` it 's certainly a good thing that the stories are now anansi 's . ''
but he was alive , and that was the most important thing .
one last thing , miss warner .
` ` there 's one last thing . ''
it 's always about one thing : which group of rich men get to divvy up the spoils .
and there 's one last thing . ''
` ` ok . '' ` ` there 's one more thing .
the first thing you should know is that the atlantis plague is more complicated than we thought .
through the moonlight , david could n't make out any markings on the boats or even what type , but one thing was certain : they had cut their lights the second shaw had killed theirs .
though it would n't be the first thing i ' ve buried .
not that anyone bothers about that sort of thing anymore , am i right ?
and i ' ve learned there are a lot of ways , and ugly places , where things can end .
but let me add one more thing .
his price is n't the whole thing , but close enough .
i have to ask him one more thing , though .
so that was the first thing milgram figured out .
one last thing , simon .
there was no telling how many of them were out there , but one thing was sure : an attempt to cross would be suicide .
one more thing to worry about .
the important thing was they were coming .
just in case things went sour , they could use the gun to reach the hunters ' area and join up with michaelson ... and his arsenal .
` ` captain , there 's one other thing .
` ` let me try one more thing . ''
still , he knew ralph was mistaken about one thing .
the next thing i recall is being led back out of the tunnel , the last rays of the setting sun blinding me . ''
` ` one other thing , commander spangler .
` ` well , you 're right about one thing .
` ` but putting it into practice is another thing altogether . ''
` ` we 're all forgetting one vital thing .
` ` then i 'll let you all get back to your own research , '' greer said , ` ` but there 's one last thing . ''
such things like nonlocality and entanglement , how a subatomic particle can be at two places at once , how light behaves both like a wave and a particle .
kara continued , ` ` but you were right about one thing .
` ` but , dr . almaaz , there is one last thing i must tell you about . ''
still , one thing bothered gray .
but one thing was certain : this was one port she would not be dropping anchor in again .
that , and one last thing .
` ` director crowe , one other thing .
he may have lost his memory - or more precisely , had it forcibly extracted - but he knew one thing for dead certain .
the only thing that 's changed is how we 're reacting , what lines we 're willing to cross .
he had many unanswered questions in his head , but he knew one thing for certain .
he did not know for sure , but he was certain about one thing .
but rachel was right about one thing .
if gray had any doubt , he reminded himself of one other thing .
he might not know what gambit painter was playing - but he knew one thing for certain .
` ` but if she does n't like what she hears , '' the swordsman warned , ` ` her face will be the last thing you ever see . ''
it was n't an uncommon injury among people with the dangerous job of cutting and moving zero - g icebergs , and paj was taking the whole thing with the fatalism of a professional .
to cover , he said , ` ` uh , about which thing ? ''
` ` one other thing , '' miller said .
` ` one other thing , '' she said .
` ` you know , i ' ve been thinking about the same thing , '' holden said .
the vibration was a slight , small thing , less than a transport tube 's braking stutter .
the important thing was he knew the answer to the question .
now , for the first time , his own death was a real thing .
` ` one other thing ? ''
habits formed from years of walking through crime scenes put a dozen small things in place : the pattern of scratches on the floor and lift doors , the spatter of blood and vomit , the footprints .
` ` for one thing , too many people already know .
for another thing , one of them 's holden , and if he has n't already broadcast the whole thing on every empty frequency , he will soon .
holden did n't know which thing she was asking about , so he just said , ` ` yes . ''
it was the thing that havelock would never understand .
` ` one thing , though , '' miller said .
` ` first thing , i ' m going to hire you .
there was one other thing he thought he had to do now that he had full communication access .
another thing prax had never thought about before coming here : the station waldoes had to fire attitude rockets to keep their movements from shifting the station they were attached to .
this whole thing smells like skunk , but i do n't have that reason yet .
before he could say anything else or think better of the whole thing , he hit the transmit key and turned the panel off .
` ` oh , one last thing .
there was one last thing he had to do before he could call this whole bloody affair truly over .
` ` the thing that 's important , though , is the time , you see ? ''
holden was in the galley , eating takeout from one of the dockside restaurants : garlic sauce over rice , three kinds of legumes , and something so similar to chicken , it might as well have been the real thing .
` ` what 's going on out there is the most important thing in the system , and we do n't know what it is .
but there 's this other thing i wanted to talk about .
that they might be talking about the same thing did n't bother her at all .
it was the sort of thing she would have been concerned with , in her previous life .
` ` the only thing we got to worry about is- '' the line went dead .
the best thing is to wait and let things cool down . ''
she 'd always known that the destruction of james holden was a fragile thing .
because the one thing i do n't need right now is another self - righteous male telling me how high the stakes are and that i 'd better not f**k things up .
it was n't the sort of thing bull usually thought about , but his enforced physical stillness was doing strange things with his awareness .
if there was one thing that had the potential to destroy the fragile cooperation he was building , it would be the fight over who got to hold james holden 's nuts to a bunsen burner .
you can take it from me , the un has no sense of humor about that kind of thing .
the whole thing was a hesitation .
who got to sit in the doomed ship 's captain 's chair seemed like a terribly petty thing to worry about .
it was the thing everyone wanted to know , whether they came right out and said it or not .
` ` this is a tactical thing , '' alex agreed .
still , there 's one other thing .
` ` one other thing , '' jason said before she left .
what she and timmy did to and for and with each other 's bodies was n't a thing they discussed .
the demand for illicit drugs , cheap goods , off - schedule medical procedures , and anonymous sex could be neither arrested nor sated , and so the thing that mattered most for burton 's little empire was safe .
` ` burton 's not taking the whole thing very well .
everything she needed was in place , except for one thing .
` ` the important thing is that they found the thief . ''
` ` other thing to consider ? ''
second thing ? ''
` ` for one thing , the ore they 're carrying is rce property as long as the un charter stands .
` ` yeah , it 's been pretty much the only thing on my mind too . ''
it 's not a big thing when we have a med bay , but he pops a new tumor every month or two .
can i have one thing no one is fighting me on ?
` ` just a sec , lem me tweak one thing here ... '' ` ` can we throw this up on the big screen ? ''
and the thing that worried him most was still that he was going to have to shoot somebody .
i ' m a construct based on the dead guy , only i ' m based really closely on him , and he was kind of a bulldog about this kind of thing .
was n't necessarily the most useful piece of knowledge , all things considered , but it dawned on him that he loved good coffee .
perfection was a surface thing .
first thing ? ''
` ` first thing . ''
next thing he knew , he was stumbling down the sidewalk of main .
` ` i want you to know , theresa , that it 's the first thing on my mind every day , finding out what happened to ethan .
they had a two - and - a - half - hour meeting , and then ethan and stallings left boise at approximately eleven fifteen a.m. '' ` ` and they were going to wayward pines to look into ... '' ` ` among other things , the disappearance of agent bill evans and kate hewson . ''
an epiphany : sitting here was n't going to change a damn thing .
she 'd been staring up at the surrounding mountain walls for hours , watching the light move across them and trying not to think about a single thing .
only one thing mattered , one terrible suspicion gnawing his guts out .
` ` i was planning to first thing tomorrow . ''
` ` first thing , we 're taking you to the hospital . ''
` ` one last thing , '' pam said .
i just need to see about one last thing . ''
he had been concerned about the same thing , wondering if vanessa might have been helping their enemies .
` ` one more thing , '' seth asked .
one last thing , seth .
the last thing i remember was something coming toward me in the grove .
maybe it was a good thing you did n't have all your gear .
kendra wished she could be so obliviously calm about the whole thing .
` ` that 's another thing we do n't warn the newcomers about . ''
next thing i know , you 'll be believing in the passions . ''
` ` do you want to talk about the thing that is bothering you ? ''
just one more thing to juggle .
` ` well , '' the man said , looking down and tucking the dart into place , ` ` for one thing , it would be fun . ''
the only thing she could think that was different was her sketch .
sometimes , it seems the only thing you think about is who has to be on duty next . ''
` ` it does , '' adolin said , joining the group , ` ` except for one thing .
` ` well for one thing , '' adolin said , ` ` i ' m going to go in your place . ''
was this the sort of thing that had destroyed the knights radiant ?
he helps me with that sort of thing . ''
when you were worth 1.2 billion from a life of keen commodities investing , a little thing like poor sales on your rap albums was not going to stop you from making more .
i ' m not really doing the picture thing these days . ''
but there was one thing she wanted even more .
we 'll make sure she ends up in a nice place - if you care about that sort of thing . ''
nitpicking every little thing . ''
` ` yeah , that 's going to be the first thing we fix , '' said thorne , before whispering to cress , ` ` i had to find one heck of a legal loophole to get her to help me steal that car . ''
things only i could see : that the walls minutely rose and fell with the tower 's breathing .
this presence weighed on me as i realized that the surveyor had been correct about at least one thing .
a thing i have no right to ask . ''
another thing he had n't put in the report .
what 's one more thing ?
every time he thought he 'd tamped down one thing , another came rushing up .
except he was wrong about this one thing .
was n't sure that would n't be the final stupid little thing that broke him .
gaudy then rose and shouted , ` ` you have been meddling in things you know nothing about !
} , absent - minded and remote from the pain , i was amused at how concerned doctors get about such things ; one would have thought a gardening convention had blossomed around the fertile flower bed of my body for all the quick consternation they displayed at this pinprick .
it 's the only thing they ' ve been able to agree on long enough to bring to the public attention . ''
` ` the important thing , '' lacond said to me once , ` ` is that we get the truth out in some form , that we document what is happening .
' let us see to this thing of food .
for one thing , i ' m not all that comfortable with feathers , and for another - wings or not - the sight of all that empty air under me makes me decidedly uncomfortable , so i flap a great deal more than is really necessary , and that can become very thing after a while .
for one thing , i ' m not all that comfortable with feathers , and for another - wings or not - the sight of all that empty air under me makes me decidedly uncomfortable , so i flap a great deal more than is really necessary , and that can become very thing after a while .
the important thing is just to keep trying - and to change back quickly if you get it wrong .
religion 's the only thing they ' ve ever been able to think about . '
oh , one other thing .
a lot of people get killed , but in the end , the whole thing is settled at the conference table .
i was tolerant of these peculiarities , but one thing drove me absolutely wild .
they 're the experts at this sort of thing . '
the one thing that kept flashing in my mind was zedar 's use of the word ' event . '
' the only thing i ' ve ever heard an asturian talk about is who he 's going to go to war with next week . '
the will and the word is a fairly serious thing , and i 'd been turning it into a bad joke .
she explained it by telling me that travelers were rare in the wood , and that a dryad with certain things on her mind had to take some precautions to prevent escapes .
oh , one last thing .
evidently it was the sort of thing ladies prefer not to share with men .
family 's an important thing to alorns .
' she has very dark hair , ' the murgo said , ' but the thing that really stood out in my friend 's mind was the fact that she 's got a white streak in her hair - just above her brow . '
torak 's got disciples now , and he leaves a lot of things up to them .
' this ` ` ghost '' , or whatever , was right about one thing .
' oh , one other thing . '
a death in the family 's not the sort of thing you just let slide , and polgara has always taken these things very hard .
polgara , however , is n't temperamentally equipped to take this sort of thing philosophically .
what we 're involved in is the most important thing since the cracking of the world , and you 're going to be in it up to your pointed nose . '
ce'nedra , who is a dryad , after all , was absolutely entranced by it , and she spent hours communing with it garion has never spoken of his reaction to the tree , but garion had other things on his mind the first time he saw it .
seagulls have a grossly exaggerated notion of their own place in the overall scheme of things .
she 'd just won , so she could afford to be graceful about the whole thing .
' men worry too much about that kind of thing , ' she said on one occasion , biting off the thread on the hem of beldaran 's gown .
it involved the muscles that held luana 's eyes in place and some other things that had to do with the way her eyes focused .
herbs are probably at the core of the physician 's art , but some things ca n't be cured with herbs alone , so arell and argak took me to see salheim the smith , who 's also a very good bone - setter .
' oh , another thing , arell , ' i said .
it 's a subtle sort of thing .
i 'll be able to stop things at vo mimbre , and they wo n't be able to do a thing about it . '
one thing was absolutely certain , though .
' it 's a womanly sort of thing , ontrose .
the important thing was to avoid going all the way back to the vale with him .
there was one thing i could take care of , however .
' oh , one other thing , ' i added .
oh , one other thing , too .
' why not just turn the whole thing over to the priesthood instead ?
geran had been right about one thing , it appeared .
' oh , one last thing , your majesty , ' i said .
i ' ve talked things over with your father , and the first thing tomorrow morning , geran 's going to start out on his new career . '
' oh , one other thing - before i forget , ' he added .
is profit the only thing you can think about ? '
' first thing in the morning , aunt pol . '
there was enough generalized butchery in those images to keep him from guessing that i was concentrating my efforts on the one thing he feared the most .
the alorns , tolnedrans , and arends are built for this kind of thing , so why do n't we just let them deal with it ?
cerran likes to reason things out , so we 're going to have to stress the disadvantages of all other possible battlefields and then let him decide that vo mimbre 's the only possible place .
the important thing was to merge him into the general population to the point that he 'd be invisible in the event that chamdar came looking for him .
i know my customers , and that sort of thing is very important to them .
' first thing in the morning , father , ' i told him .
' oh , one thing , dear , ' i said to alara .
' i do - if it 's the only thing a man can think about .
it was a pedestrian thing , actually .
' we wo n't actually be doing anything but just getting things ready , ' i lied , ' - you know , peeling carrots , cutting up vegetables , putting water to boil - that sort of thing . '
he 'd frequently tried to explain to her that when he had his ' things ' spread out on the floor , he could find exactly what he wanted almost immediately , but that when he put them all away as she wanted him to , it took hours to find what he wanted and that the search immediately returned everything right back to the floor where it had been in the first place .
one thing did stand out in the mind of this djarian , however , and it doth perhaps pose some danger .
it 's a good thing , really , because he 's a hopeless incompetent when it comes to little things and real work . '
it should have taken them much longer to escape the bitter cold of the far north , for one thing , and the days should not have become so much longer in such a short time , for another .
' one thing , gentlemen , ' he told them .
the important thing here was not to feel .
that was the one thing that convinced her of your treachery . '
it 's tur'ble there '' - that sort of thing .
it 's a personal sort of thing .
' i was curious about the other thing , ' he confessed .
oh , there 's one other thing , too .
' elysoun 's been making sarabian 's life miserable about the whole thing .
' it 's a personal thing between aphrael and me , ' sparhawk replied in a grating tone .
' we 're right on the seacoast for one thing .
' one thing at a time . '
' teovin was right about one thing , ' stragen was saying to the rest of them .
' passion 's a private thing .
' the atana and i have become very close friends since my arrival , kanzad , ' itagne smiled , ' but gentlemen should n't really talk about that sort of thing , should they ?
oh , one other thing , neighbor .
a number of things were rapidly falling into place in sparhawk 's mind .
if two people love each other , they should do something about it , and living together is much more convenient for that sort of thing , is n't it ? '
you were adequate - barely - in times of tranquility , but when a crisis arose , you began to scurry around like ants , more interested in protecting your fortunes , your personal privileges , and perpetuating your petty interdepartmental rivalries than in the good of my empire - and that 's the one thing you all seem to forget , gentlemen .
' it 's a personal thing , your excellency .
they live for now , and right now the most important thing for them is taking their trolls back from cyrgon . '
sparhawk rather suspected that betuana might have preferred it otherwise , but she was realistic about the whole thing .
stolg loved ruta , but she periodically became waspish over some little thing and pestered him to death about it .
there was one thing , however , which their planning had not taken into account .
our atans ca n't cope with that sort of thing .
' '' but one thing , '' quoth starkad in deadly earnest .
' you know much more about that sort of thing than i do , my love , ' she conceded , ' so i 'll leave all that entirely in your hands .
' there 's one thing that is n't speculation , your grace , ' sparhawk said .
daconia is an elene kingdom , and elenes have some peculiar ideas about that sort of thing .
there are small people in the world who take that sort of thing personally .
after you ' ve applied it to god - or your gods - it starts to spill over , and people begin to question other things as well - the rightness of government , imperial wisdom , the justice of the tax system , that sort of thing .
oh , one thing , your majesty .
' there is one thing though , sparhawk .
that 's the main thing . '
they 're not as big , for one thing , and they 're not as smart . '
all things should know to whom the forest belongs . '
' one last thing , yarblek . '
' one other thing , pol , ' he added , ' and i ' m not trying to be offensive . '
' oh , one other thing , drosta , ' yarblek added .
' one thing , though .
' it is but a small thing , your majesty .
i ' ve made a study of that sort of thing .
it should take you about that long to get it cleaned up - oh , one other thing , belgarath .
' oh , one thing , garion , ' belgarath said .
' one last thing , garion , ' she plowed on relentlessly .
' a green lieutenant might get flustered and blurt out things we 'd rather not have the emperor aware of . '
if i change only one little thing , you ' ve lost .
i have no doubt that momentous things may emerge from this meeting , and the honor i shall accrue that it is to take place beneath my roof doth overwhelm me quite . '
' that 's the main thing we came to discuss with you , ' silk told him .
we can hammer out the details later , but the important thing right now is to get something down in writing with both our names on it .
' only one thing , ' she said .
' more of that sort of thing ? '
` ` it 's a cultural thing , your grace , '' he explained , bowing .
` ` zandramas has one other thing she has to do as well , '' velvet said , moving over until she was beside ce'nedra and wrapping her arms about the sad little queen .
` ` oh , one other thing , prince kheldar .
i ' ve gathered up a fair library of that sort of thing .
` ` that sort of means that things are going to come to a head here fairly soon , would n't you say - even if neither side would particularly have chosen this place for a major confrontation ? ''
i have a number of things in my case that can spice it up just a bit .
not a single one of them saw me season the soup course , and nyissans are very observant when it comes to that sort of thing . ''
` ` it 's not such a difficult thing , really . ''
the main thing right now is to get across the river before zakath gets here . ''
he met a little green snake named zith and he lost interest in things shortly after that . ''
` ` death is a small thing , kal zakath .
` ` the only important thing right now is whether or not you intend to honor your commitment to cyradis . ''
` ` i would n't be surprised if they objected rather violently to this whole thing . ''
` ` oh , one other thing , '' he added .
` ` you 're the expert at this sort of thing . ''
` ` oh , one other thing , '' silk added .
` ` it 's a personal thing , '' he cautioned .
` ` one other thing , '' silk added .
a pregnant woman might just lose her grip on that sort of thing .
` ` that 's one more thing for us all to keep in mind , '' he said seriously .
` ` you handle that sort of thing very well , '' silk said .
` ` they 're catching large numbers of fish , but the kitchen staff is beginning to get a bit surly about the whole thing . ''
` ` uh -there really has n't been much opportunity for that sort of thing , aunt pol- and i think she has too many other things on her mind . ''
` ` it 's a cultural thing , sadi , '' silk told him .
` ` the important thing is that we 're only a few days behind her . ''
` ` and that 's the thing that concerns me , '' belgarath said .
` ` the thing that concerns everybody more than the casual belligerence of the young nobles , though , is the unrest that 's arisen among the serfs . ''
` ` that 's all i need , '' he said , ` ` one more thing to worry about . ''
` ` the man was a rivan , and that puts the whole thing right in the lap of king belgarion .
a small thing , but one of some interest to me ? ''
the only thing that concerns him at the moment is his search for cthrag sardius .
there 's quite a market for this sort of thing among those people . ''
` ` one thing at a time , sadi .
do i look like the kind of man who 'd know very much about that sort of thing ?
` ` if this little thing take sail of your will , how do you imagine that you will have enough power to control a demon ?
` ` oh , '' he added , ` ` one thing , durnik .
` ` the main thing now is to get the horses out . ''
` ` i wonder how they managed to persuade the sprite to concentrate on one thing for that long , though .
the only thing that seems to interest them is some obscure thing they call the task .
` ` one other thing , father .
in time , the cows grew surly about the whole thing and even tried running , perhaps thinking in their sluggish way that they might be able to outrace this phantom fence builder .
that sort of thing , but nothing in the least bit personal . ''
he definitely felt that this levity was out of place , an indication that she was not taking this thing as seriously as she ought .
he felt a trifle bitter about the whole thing .
my task still lies ahead of me and it 's a thing i can face best without any distractions . ''
the one thing that he had overlooked , of course , was the orb 's desire to be helpful .
` ` the important thing right now is to find out where they ' ve taken my son . ''
that , of course , gave the whole thing away .
` ` the most important thing is to take ulfgar alive , '' garion cautioned .
` ` south , '' ` ` there 's one other thing , belgarion , '' joran added .
` ` that 's one thing he does n't know , '' errand replied .
would stragen be involved in that sort of thing in any way ? '
the important thing is to get her to safety . '
' if i could persuade you gentlemen to curb your bloodlust for a moment , ' the earl of lenda interposed , ' i think the important thing for now is to get someone to king wargun down in arcium and to persuade him to release the elenian army - and enough pandion knights to keep the general staff in line when they get here .
' it 's a quiet way to find out what a man has in his purse , and i ' ve always been curious about that sort of thing .
' lack of opportunity , probably , my lord , ' platime admitted , ' although i rather doubt i 'd have gone into that sort of thing anyway .
i ' m a little shaky on that sort of thing . '
probably the first thing they 'll vote on is the sealing of the city .
he wants to keep a running count for one thing , and the voting keeps us all locked in the audience chamber . '
what was the other thing ? '
' oh , one other thing , captain , ' sparhawk said to the church soldier , who was preparing to leave .
' spelling is the sort of thing with which no gentleman ought to concern himself , sparhawk , ' kalten replied loftily .
the occasional screams of women clearly said that looting was not the only thing on the minds of the attacking force .
the important thing was to be able to prove beyond doubt the collusion between martel and annias .
' one last thing , children , ' she added .
' that 's the important thing , ' the blond thief said .
' berit , ' sparhawk pointed out with a gentle smile , ' we just rode through an impossible landscape to reach a house that is n't really here to eat a banquet that nobody prepared , and you 're going to worry about a few little things like perpetually burning candles and fireplaces that do n't need wood ? '
the only thing that concerns me right now is if it 's going to be one of us who finds it , or some zemoch , who 'll carry it back to otha . ''
` ` you 're an elenian , so you do n't seem to have any problems with this sort of thing , and in deira we 're fairly broad - minded about such things , but i do n't know that i 'd let bevier in on this .
` ` you 're an elenian , so you do n't seem to have any problems with this sort of thing , and in deira we 're fairly broad - minded about such things , but i do n't know that i 'd let bevier in on this .
up in thalesia , the trolls and ogres usually clean up that sort of thing before anybody chances by . ''
` ` it 's a small thing , my lord abbot , '' sparhawk told him gently .
` ` one other thing , my lord abbot , '' kalten added .
` ` that 's one thing we agree about anyway .
he 's right about one thing , though , '' sparhawk said .
i ' m a little small for that sort of thing . ''
there 's one other thing , too , '' she added .
` ` there are laws about that sort of thing , sparhawk .
` ` oh , one thing , bevier , '' he added .
the important thing is that he 'll grow less and less infectious .
` ` that kind of thing is an internal matter . ''
` ` let 's get back to this other thing , '' kalten said impatiently .
i appreciate your personal concern about your queen , but from a political standpoint the important thing now is to crush this rendorish invasion .
` ` some things came up , '' sparhawk said , fastening vanion 's black cape to his shoulder - plates , ` ` - wargun for one thing .
there 's one thing that concerns me , though .
i ' m sure you 'll forgive a certain amount of discontent about the whole thing . '
' they never talk about that sort of thing in other stories i ' ve heard . '
' it 's really not a significant enough thing to require the consideration of the entire hierocracy the declarations of arissa 's spinsterhood can come from the patriarch of vardenais .
' oh , ' ulath added , ' that 's one other thing .
' know also one last thing .
' fortunately , the local people are n't very familiar with that sort of thing .
on the morning of the third day , sephrenia rose and resolutely began to gather up her things .
the power that 's instilled in these objects is a part of the power of the gods themselves , and they do n't sacrifice that sort of thing lightly ' ' oh , ' the blond man said .
the seekers had discovered one thing that they felt to be most important , however .
there was one thing that was abundantly clear , however .
` ` i ' m sure that the only thing that interests bersla will be the defense of the temple .
in those days the only thing on my mind had been misty - water , old - bear 's beautiful daughter , and in my dreams i saw her again and again , and just the sight of her made me go weak all over .
the important thing right now is that one of our children will try to do something that 's forbidden , and she will cease to exist when she does that .
` ` do n't worry about a thing , friend keselo , '' rabbit said .
she seems to believe that she 's the most important thing in the whole world , so from her way of looking at things , we 're all obliged to rush to her defense . ''
` ` how does first thing tomorrow morning sound to you ? ''
those people throw gold around like it did n't mean a thing . ''
oh , one other thing . ''
it 's the only thing that 's the least bit important to her , and she wants to have multitudes of soldiers right here where she can see them .
` ` the first thing we need , though , is a map , '' padan insisted , ` ` and i ' m not sure if our employer has ever taken the trouble to even look at the rest of her domain .
things went pretty well - right up to the time when we found out that the bug - people had been burrowing tunnels in that area for centuries .
` ` actually , i did n't have a thing to do with that , '' dahlaine confessed to his sister .
there was nothing particularly pressing taking place on the isle of akalla right now , so trenicia saw no real need to rush back home , and there were quite a few much more interesting things happening here in the land of dhrall .
` ` oh , there 's one other thing you should know about .
` ` there 's one other thing you should know about , tlantar .
after a surprisingly rich supper of beans and bison meat , tlodal , kathlak , and trenicia joined narasan and sorgan to discuss a few things .
things had gone quite well that day as the horse - soldier ariga had guided them around the numerous places that had been blocked off by the shattered heaps of quartz .
` ` open is all right , i guess , '' sorgan said , ` ` but would n't you say that the important thing is how fast it comes down ? ''
all in all , i thought the whole thing was just a bit silly , but i decided not to make an issue of that .
my little boy ashad had one of those dreams last night , and we were right about one thing , at least .
i ' ve never been very curious about this sort of thing before . '
i think the most important thing right now is to start gathering up supplies .
' he did n't , but i was talking with one of the men from his tribe back in lattash , and he told me that a snake - man killed the girl longbow was going to marry , and after that , killing snake - men was about the only thing longbow thought about .
' one more thing before you leave , ' balacenia said .
the important thing , of course , would be to get there first .
that sort of leaves things up in the air for right now .
the thing that 's really important will be marking the trail so that the armies that 'll be coming along later will know how to get up there .
when ara went to veltan 's map - room to tell the men assembled there that dinner was ready , she was exuding that most primitive of scents , and jalkan , as she 'd anticipated , responded with a few off - color remarks that clearly indicated that he expected things to go much further .
' we burned every one of their ships , but it did n't mean a thing to them .
' if the level of thought among those church soldiers has been reduced to that of insects , the only thing that concerns them right now is the possibility that others might reach the gold before they do . '
' anyway , ' narasan continued , ' whether they hate us or not , when they see all that imitation gold out there , that 's the only thing they 'll be able to think about . '
' oh , one other thing , cap'n .
the first thing we should consider is just where the vlagh will strike next , and start making preparations . '
` ` the next thing we know , we might come across purple sharks or bright green whales .
it appeared to be raw fire , but the little girl seemed very casual about the whole thing .
the thing they seem to be most curious about is how much contact there is between the people here and the tribes of your sister zelana 's domain and just how close you and zelana are to each other .
the only thing you and the maags need to concern yourselves about is the gold we 're paying you - and whether you 'll live long enough to spend it . ''
` ` the one thing that sort of puzzles me is how you manage to avoid having the sparks from your anvil set fire to the ship , '' rabbit said , sitting down across the table from borkad .
i think we 'll all sleep a lot better if we know that we ' ve got a safe place to hole up if things go to pot . ''
fish are very sensitive about that sort of thing , you know .
` ` actually , it 's just about the only thing he ever discusses .
` ` oh , one other thing . ''
let 's worry about one thing at a time .
the important thing is that they 're here . ''
all things considered , it might be best to let relg adjust to one thing at a time .
she stared at him for a moment , obviously wanting to be cross about the whole thing , but the look he returned her was impish .
now to permit these strangers from the kingdom they called tolnedra passage upon the sea was one thing , but to let them land an army at the gates of riva without challenge was quite another .
let 's worry about one thing at a time , shall we ? ''
` ` some small thing .
so much had happened that she was not even the same person , but one thing was absolutely certain no matter who she was .
there seemed to be some kind of dreadful hurry , and people kept rushing him from one thing to the next without ever giving him time to make sure that anything was really finished .
` ` the rivans are very proper about that sort of thing .
stupendous as they were , however , the overt events of the day were unimportant when compared to things which were taking place on a different level of reality .
` ` i ' m not really comfortable with that sort of thing yet .
a king is n't supposed to become personally involved in that sort of thing . ''
but that other little thing ?
as long as the cult was the plaything of the priesthood and the minor nobility , it was n't really all that important , but rousing the peasantry is quite another thing . ''
` ` oh , one other thing , olban , '' he added as the stricken young rivan turned to leave .
she seemed unable to concentrate her attention on any one thing for more than a moment .
` ` one other thing , belgarion . ''
` ` he 's right about one thing , though .
` ` i think it 's rather obvious that we 're not going to be able to catch up with my father and the others now , '' she observed somewhat regretfully , but at least there 's one thing we wo n't have to worry about any more . ''
that 's the only thing that really matters , and we 'll all have to lay down our lives if necessary to make it happen . ''
the important thing at the moment is for you to get plenty of rest and to eat regularly .
` ` very well , '' he conceded grudgingly , ` ` but i want it clearly understood that the only thing we 're going to talk about is your withdrawal from tolnedran soil .
belgarath was sort of stumbling along with his mind on other things , and that was when the tree fell on him . ''
it was n't really a very big thing , but it just happened to be in the right place at the right time - or perhaps in the wrong place at the wrong time might be a better way to put it .
ce'nedra definitely felt that the dear old man was becoming just a bit tiresome about the whole thing .
` ` he seems to have a little trouble taking things seriously , and cthol murgos is a very serious place . ''
` ` a cold is n't really that serious a thing , polgara , '' silk told her with a pained look .
` ` there are limitations on that sort of thing , '' wolf said a bit evasively .
the important thing to remember is that polgara and i have to get to zedar before he can reach torak with the orb .
all in all , garion thought he 'd handled the whole thing rather well .
` ` it 's only a small thing , '' ce'nedra explained .
the important thing now is to teach you how to control it .
we 're better off leaving this kind of thing to others . ''
from the tone of king rhodar 's message , i gather that this business might be the most important thing happening in the world just now .
things might perhaps have gone further if aunt pol had not caught them in the midst of such an exchange one bright summer afternoon in the seclusion of the hay barn .
the thought of doroon and zubrette together in the hay barn almost made him want to give the whole thing up altogether , but it was far too late now .
garion 's mind was racing ; in his excitement , he spoke without stopping to consider the fact that it might be wiser to think the whole thing through first .
he began to feel a little better about the whole thing .
in a very short while he was sweating and gritting his teeth and thinking about giving the whole thing up .
` ` a thing so small that i laughed when he told me what he wanted , '' jarvik said .
it 's a simple thing , really . ''
` ` oh , '' aunt pol said , ` ` one other thing .
i try to keep an eye on things at home to leave his mind free for that kind of thing .
` ` it 's the most important thing in the world right now , '' wolf said .
however , there was one other thing .
my companion muttered something , and the next thing i knew , i was propelled back into the deepest niche of the building 's exterior .
the next thing i knew , i went past st . paul 's and i was walking down trinity , when i waved at several cabs , but they did n't stop .
i did n't want her to disrupt things again , and i saw no reason for two of us to attempt to gain entrance to the society 's meeting place .
for one thing , she 'd probably trip and draw the ankh 's attention to her straightaway .
i had n't been given ample opportunity to examine the deceased , thanks to inspector luckworth 's insistence that girls had no reason to be so morbid , but one thing was certain : even from my brief look , it was clear that the body did n't resemble lady cosgrove - pitt .
` ` the important thing is , you 're all safe .
the only thing remotely interesting was the brief notation about mr . babbage 's analytical engine .
it 's always the most important thing . ''
the next thing i knew , he moved closer to me .
` ` i went to bed as usual ... and the next thing i knew , i was ... ... '' her voice wobbled .
the first thing was to determine the origin of the curious instrument , and how it came to be in willa 's possession .
that was one thing i had n't quite figured out yet .
it was rather like opening a safe , and focusing on such a mundane thing helped calm my nerves .
he can handle things from here , and i trust derek to keep the place standing while i ' m gone . ''
i was horrified not only by the idea but by his casualness over the whole thing .
i was leaving to go back inside when i remembered the other thing i 'd wanted to talk to her about .
but whether she 'll know there 's a code in a code is another thing .
` ` first thing 's first .
i wanted to lay her out on her funeral bed with my bare hands , but her story was the only thing standing between bodo and me , so i could n't kill her , much as she might have liked me to .
i shook my head , trying to act casual about the whole thing , hoping i could delay her attack long enough to come up with a plan .
sometimes it 's chust a small thing to us , but a very bigk thing to dem . ''
` ` you picked the wrong place to live if you 're sensitive about that kind of thing . ''
i just hoped i could pull it off and not just turn the whole thing into a big emotional , angry mess .
i ' m not really into the whole snakes and spiders thing .
if i were going to sneak around behind him , i was going to have to let him think i had dropped the whole thing .
i was n't going to have to worry about a thing with the training , other than getting these noobs out of amateur status as quickly as possible .
this is just my personal thing .
and i get that you 're worried about things getting heavy and the pregnancy thing and all .
` ` no , this one is not your regular secret kind of thing .
the next thing i saw was the edge of a bright purple box - type thing at the top of the fence .
the next thing i noticed was the food on the table .
` ` one minute i was standing there in a totally silent parking lot , and the next thing i knew you two were running out , yelling , and someone was shooting a gun . ''
the important thing right now was to not show any fear .
he 'd forgotten about every little thing in his life , enraptured by the code that george and his partners revealed to him piece by piece .
` ` this is the only thing i ' ve ever put my foot down about , '' dak said , folding his arms and trying his all - around best to look like a dude who meant what he said and said what he meant .
several things fell into place when he found a note from jackson 's dad , sent just that morning : jax , hope all is well , buddy .
but there was one thing even more important than that .
michael had an itch to do just that but knew it was the last thing on the list .
` ` well , '' sarah said , ` ` one thing 's for sure .
she smiled , a sweet attempt to make things seem a little less crappy .
things got weirder the closer they got to the downtown area .
i 'll stay here and work with them - for one thing , we need to hunt down any person who 's been transformed by this mortality doctrine .
` ` one more thing before i go , '' weber said .
tyrion lannister knew the maps as well as anyone , but a fortnight on the wild track that passed for the kingsroad up here had brought home the lesson that the map was one thing and the land quite another .
` ` i should warn you , stark , we usually charge for that sort of thing around here . ''
it is a terrible thing we contemplate , a vile thing .
it is a terrible thing we contemplate , a vile thing .
the only thing is , what am i to do with this imp you have brought me ? ''
the important thing is that you urge lady catelyn and your brother to keep the king 's peace . ''
it was the only thing in the world that mattered .
even so , it was a close thing .
` ` well , that 's one thing we wo n't face in the wood . ''
` ` a most uncommon woman , and yet ... it is no small thing , to tend to all the cares of the realm , despite the frailty of her sex ... ` ` oh , yes , she 's a frail dove , just ask eddard stark .
` ` thanks to the onion knight we were never reduced to dining on corpses , but it was a close thing .
` ` he tells it true as far as it goes , but there 's one thing he failed to mention .
robert never let a little thing like a river stop him . ''
it was not like stannis baratheon to lie about such a thing .
and was it really such a terrible thing , to want a pretty wife ?
one more thing , and you may return to your duties . ''
when things are more settled here , i thought maybe the best thing for gilly ...
` ` yes , i played you false in that ... and in one other thing as well . ''
when ser stevron had been heir , that was one thing .
they would not dare lie to me about such a thing .
it is such a little thing , though .
denyo had taken her up to the crow 's nest once , and she had n't been afraid at all , though the deck had seemed a tiny thing below her .
` ` one last thing , your grace , '' said aurane waters , in an apologetic tone .
a small thing , and simple .
` ` a child 's name is a small thing ... but insolence unpunished breeds rebellion .
that was only one thing , though .
it was a good thing that jaime wore no sword ; elsewise he would have ripped his blade out , and if ser brynden did not slay him , the archers on the walls most surely would .
` ` the important thing is to find the truth , i am sure we all agree , '' she said .
she made it sound a simple thing , and easy .
at first the game was much , much harder , the next thing to impossible ... but just when she was near the point of screaming with frustration , it all became much easier .
but for one last thing . ''
seasoned killers all , thought selmy , but it is one thing to face a foe in the pit when his coming is heralded by horns and drums and another to find a hidden killer before he can strike .
the next thing she knew she was crawling , scrambling uphill on all fours like a dog as the good folks of king 's landing made way for her , laughing and jeering and applauding her .
he would never have thought of such a thing himself .
the whole thing gives me a headache .
that 's what really mattered , i told myself , yes , yes , that was the important thing .
` ` do n't worry , daniel , '' he says , shrugging off the whole thing .
if mom , john , or dad were here , they 'd probably laugh at how ridiculous this whole thing is .
but i do have enough strength for one thing .
` ` you are correct about only one thing .
i ' m too exhausted to do a proper analysis of them , but the one thing i notice is that all of their clothes - boots , pants , shirts , coats - have a variety of emblems and words on them .
i ' m sure john hated working at the steam plant , but at least he got to leave the house and take his mind off things for a while .
must be a girl thing . ''
then they force - fed me some kind of medicine , and the next thing i knew ...
` ` one more thing , '' day whispers as i stand .
this must be why he 'd pulled all the boxes out of the closet that fateful afternoon ... this might be the important thing he 'd wanted to talk about .
as in tears , not fists , and the next thing i knew , ben was kneeling and my baby brother was crying in his arms , and ben was saying , ` ` hey , it 's okay , soldier .
for guys , breaking down is a private thing .
that the whole thing is here , '' touching her chest , ` ` and nowhere else . ''
she laughs through the whole thing .
next thing i know , i ' m in the wonderland chair and then they take me to the commander and he 's all down on my ass about something you said , and he orders me to stop talking to you because he ca n't order me to stop listening , and the more i think about it , the stinkier it gets .
i had started with small thing - matchbooks , papers ; then piles of leaves , heaped carefully into a garbage can ; then a little locked wooden shed on rosemont avenue .
i only cared about one thing .
` ` i regret , father de la croix , mlle de la croix , that i can not consider such a thing . ''
whatever the answer , it was a painting he saw on his way out of his own house on the other side of the world , the last thing his eyes had glanced over as he shut his front door .
he is completely na**d now , and that 's the next thing that has to be remedied .
next thing .
his own private , secret thing that belonged to no one else , that was no part of the world of his parents or his brother or even his other friends .
the greatest thing with gudmund had been the secrecy of it all .
the one thing that was entirely his .
even in his free fall , even in what felt like the first tip of the world crashing down on him - everyone knowing his most private thing , his friends , his parents , everyone at school - all he could think about was gudmund , how it would still be all right if gudmund was all right , how he could put up with everything , with anything , if gudmund was there with him .
unlike everyone else in the coffins , she 's still half - dressed , the bandages wrapped around her upper body and face , but her jeans and shoes still on , as if getting her memory erased was the most important thing , and why would n't it be ?
ben closes it like it 's an important thing and he wraps it inside a plastic bag to protect it and puts it in the rucksack .
but she 's backing away from me , dropping her own empty packet of fruit things , her eyes getting wider .
i ' m getting a little tired of them laughing about every damn thing .
one minute i ' m standing there behind everyone and the next thing i know , i ' m between matthew and viola , i have my knife out pointing at him , my own noise falling like an avalanche and my mouth saying , ` ` you best take two steps away from her and you best be taking 'em right quick . ''
... and the last thing i really remember is him picking me up and carrying me down a long , long hill , and telling me that i was n't going to die , that he 'd save me . ''
the formation of mutual trust takes time , but the important thing to remember is , as i ' ve said , the war is over , viola .
i tried to fight and the next thing i know i ' m on the ground with my ears ringing and a soldier 's knee in my back and mum is screaming but there 's nothing from siobhan and i black out and when i wake up , i ' m alone in my house . ''
oh , yeah , and one more thing .
i reach out slowly , taking it twixt my fingers and pulling it away from him like it was a fragile thing .
` ` but the other thing , '' he continues .
one thing was certain : fitzgerald would not go unnoticed .
but one thing at a time here .
not nearly enough water to moisten the soil , but like i said , one thing at a time .
the next thing to consider is how efficient i can be in growing potatoes .
one thing i had n't accounted for was how to bring them from the hab to the rovers .
i had no hope of getting the whole thing back to the hab .
the important thing is i do n't have to suffer .
the important thing was getting to arizona .
it is the most important thing , '' he said .
` ` this dan landry has the whole thing wrong .
it did n't do a thing to the shin .
the only thing that mattered now was that i found closure and a tiny bit of peace and serenity .
too many things would need to fall into place .
i felt a small smile blossom on my face before i said pack your things .
first things , first , devils tone rose from a whisper to a loud shout in an instant guards !
do nt worry darling mr . santa said to his wife , as if it was her fears which he was trying to dismiss i have spent so much on christmas gift distributions santa claus continued that all those details are thing of the past .
but one thing was clear to him .
its just about the first thing a teacher brings up whenever i make the mistake of complaining that i m being given tasks i ve already learnt in lower school .
maybe it was because she was feeling a bit guilty about the whole thing and she thought her mom might notice .
it seemed such a trivial thing to pray about , but stacy had never wanted anything this badly .
she could nt believe she had missed mass for such a trivial thing that could so easily have been done later .
would nt want to waste the whole thing .
it would have been confusing to deal with such a thing after her dance with arthur .
even though she had been holding out for a wedding , maybe if she lived with him things would fall into place more smoothly .
just one thing , her mother cautioned her .
the only thing that matters is you , the baby and god .
the next thing i know my quilt is being ripped off me , i grabbed it just in time and pulled it back up .
i was being drawn into her , the next thing i knew i was looking out through her eyes .
haven watched them scurry inside , and she was both envious and furious that the biggest thing most of them had to worry about was punctuality .
first thing first we have to get you and the children safe , so the pack is camped out .
crazy aunt letty 's earth shattering speech : do nt expect me to sugar coat things because i ' m not going to do it .
one thing for certain , after this week i 'll get to see what they 're made of .
` ` a little thing or two ? ''
` ` it 's not just a small thing , '' she chides .
besides , the gathering of different peoples trying to get along is never , ever a small thing .
after fighting with the boys to get them to clear their things from the table , i finally managed to get place mats , napkins , and silverware in everyone 's spot .
the first and most important thing we need to discuss is intercourse . ''
that was the last thing i wanted to discuss in the company of two grown men and my brothers .
at last , he found her throat and tried to hold his gripbut she writhed and twisted like a snake , and the next thing he knew his jaws were snapped in empty air .
she said my herbs are only good for more serious things , and if you re to be in this pack , then i m afraid you must learn to help yourself .
just one last thing , tir said , careful not to scare him .
there is a small thing i need to straighten out with you and your packwolves .
before alanki went into battle , there was one thing she had to do .
and i ve already puzzled out most of your plan ; however , the only thing that confounds me is how you were able to control the gatherer .
that s the little thing called kiwi between rusks arms .
do nt worry about a thing , king .
not a thing , sir .
lets make one thing clear , zoey st . john .
zoeys throat still felt like she had swallowed razor blades after the run , but she was nt making a big thing of it .
one thing was for certain , they would be much worse than the krakenites .
one thing was for sure , she knew that the cat - face womans name was mrs . dupontand that somehow she was connected to the alpha nation and to her mothers imprisonment and disappearance .
why not make it a permanent thing ?
but one thing was for suremysterian or nothe was still her friend .
shawn smiled , trying to make the entire thing seem as light and silly as possible .
well , and one other thing .
things fell into place then , and shawn turned to mr . clearwater in disbelief .
maybe the only thing that matters at all .
in fairness to her , i started the whole thing .
i hope things go well when you see violet .
i got upset about the knee thing .
he 'd really thought this thing through !
the only touchy thing left would be explaining to bri tomorrow .
one thing i 'd wondered aboutmeant to ask aboutwas how ships from mars had reached earth undetected .
feeling both confused and betrayed , i swallowed the last of my milk and tried to focus on one thing at a time .
right now , the most important thing is that she remain safe . ''
this is just one more thing .
maybe it was a minor thing , but it was important to me .
tuesday evening aunt theresa gave me yet another thing to stress over when she came home from grocery shopping .
let me make one thing clear though , the city may mean more survivors , but that will also mean more rotters .
one thing was for sure ; we had never eaten like this before .
you ve always been a little bit slow with that sort of thing .
this is probably the one thing that might trump protocol for the princes safety .
i mean , she s just a little thing .
if you get caught at a murder scene , it ll get back to your father and become a public thing along the way .
the vemreaux supervisors never put us in charge of that kind of thing back in the way .
perhaps it would make no difference if she knew that blue had been raised in the way and had no knowledge of things like polishing wood or sorting laundry .
if you could take a step back and observe things as i do , said nathaniel , you would see that alistair and all the men like him are nothing but ants fighting over a piece of grass .
it is not our place to change things in such a manner , he said .
what is the first thing we need to pay attention to ?
on his way , he thought about one thing onlythe diaries .
oh , i have plenty to hold , sweet thing .
not to mention that the whole thing seemed very peculiar and oddly schoolboyish .
probably more about coming of age and what do you want to do for the clan and that kind of thing .
the sound reached all the way down to him there , and mixed among the clattering commotion of pigeon sounds he heard the shrill squeal of frightened rats , and the next thing he knew , someone came crashing down the passage at top speed .
and one more thing , he said , turning to torus .
my knowledge about occurrences that may or may not have happened topside is severely limited as my area of expertise is focused on but one thing : nar .
he s ready to throw the whole thing over the edge .
the last thing he needed to worry about was someone getting the drop on them that may or may not possess narian tools and weapons .
we had talked about that sort of thing pretty regularly early on .
should i ask about the hooker thing ?
you know , now that the chickens are a thing of the past .
randy , my mom , even poor terry , who seems scared and more than a little confused about the whole thing , try to duck and dodge their rude , intrusive queries .
the whole thing is just too rife with implied innuendo .
he screwed up his nose , they really were nt exaggeratin over the whole stinkin thing .
he knew one thing for sure though : he would not like to be caught by the students in this room if he was there in person .
i knew one thing , however ; i was going to try and talk mom out of staying here .
one thing was for certain , duncan was definitely the guy making my toes curl .
cake was definitely the last thing on her new hubbys mind .
the next thing i know , you disappear .
another weird thing that she could nt seem to find an answer to was why guilder would choose her ?
rae felt a twinge of discomfort not talking to her roomy , but the whole thing had been uncomfortable for her and she really did nt want molly to go blabbing to everyone about it , possibly hurting andys feelings .
the only thing they really talked about was her tat .
that s always the first thing to go with you females and i m not cleaning up any mess .
one thing was certain though , next time she needed to watch romantic movies like the notebook , emma would definitely be the one to call .
it was one thing to dress like this in front of her friends , but another thing entirely to dress like this in front of the whole school .
` ` the last thing i remember is trying to heal you .
one thing was for certain , he would have to earn her trust and that would take time .
one thing was for certain , she had to get out of there .
she thought of the one place that helped her relax and figure things out , the lake .
cody , one more thing , take some of the antidote with you .
there is one more thing , deputy director collins said to the staff .
there is one more thing you need to do .
is it a pack thing ?
next thing i know , i m sliding along on my back , watching the clouds and tree branches overhead pass by .
the biggest thing was to act as if i belong and to not let the man see my face .
` ` i ca n't wait until she is done and we can finish this thing . ''
and the only thing i cared about , the door that led to back room along back left wall .
it would have been the best thing that ever happened to her , and she would nt have wanted to mess things up .
so , what s the important thing you wanted to talk to me about ?
there was only one thing i was interested in researching , and i doubted they had anything in any library about what happened to my father .
the gate is the last thing i ' m concerned with .
the contents of the trunk were the main thing !
mums death is a silly little thing ?
for one thing , the soldiers were already ridiculously jumpy , and she did nt want to unnerve them anymore than she had to .
here is the most important thing .
well that s one thing taken care of .
the only thing that worried me was who would be her next target .
i ca nt believe i agree with the wino but i am wondering the same thing .
we deal with one thing at a time , first we put the wax in our ears and take care of the sirens then well deal with the monsters .
the one thing that troubles him is not knowing if vasos is okay or not , as he day dreams about all the things that could be going wrong he forgets about the world around him .
things have come to a place where we can communicate again .
in fact , he feels stupid and embarrassed about the whole thing .
well , there is one thing , she says in a lighthearted , singsong voice .
one more thing , jack , if the killer is a magician , he s bound to know you re on his trail .
lets get this straight son , you re telling me its a cat , bear , tiger , and pterodactyl sort of thing ?
it was a good thing your boyfriend found you or you might have frozen to death .
the only thing that looked gentle enough to touch was his slightly wavy hair as black as a winter night sky that curved around his sharp angled face .
it was an unstable time , a transition that if manipulated could make many things possible , the only thing is that you had to know how to manipulate it .
look , kelly , if this is about the food thing , ill let you spill some on me and we can move on .
you better stay away from my boyfriend or stds wo n't be the only thing you have to worry about .
the last thing i remember before falling asleep was her warm kiss on my foreheadi finally got my first good night kiss and for the first time , i fell asleep with a smile on my face .
do you mean bats and that sort of thing ?
the next thing i know , i ' m pulling into dixon high school .
next thing i know , we ve driven through it completely .
charley , i do nt know , but one thing i keep thinking about is recruitment .
let me just ask you one last thing .
` ` you 're a little young to be making jokes about marriage kevin , besides marriage is a serious thing in of itself . ''
` ` i did n't want to disturb you with a minor thing that had parental approval . ''
jade could nt seem to occupy herself with any one thing .
how can you even think of a thing like that ?
yes i know and its just a onetime thing , besides , there is nothing wrong in trying something new .
another thing that just popped into my mind is that somewhere alongside those comments there will be comments from a couple of people , whom you knew years back but were forgotten .
its my shit and i will clean it for you but the thing that needs to be done right away is that you have to leave this town if you both want this thing to work out .
the thing that remained to be decided was the reason for going to mumbai .
simran had all of a sudden grown up to be a 27 year old which meant it was time for her to get married and given that she never really had a boyfriend , hers was a classic arranged marriage thing going to happen and while i was bed ridden , the things were decided and a big pay package , a year out of top b school groom was ultimately simrans choice .
that was one less thing i had to explain to my dadwhy my tablet would have been found on the underside of a maid cart .
the only thing i can think about is getting back in that cave and exploringthat and alec .
deep down i want to run to the nearest doctor to get this thing looked at , but something is telling me not to .
i do n't know the answer yet but one thing is for certain .
there was one thing , though , that she could talk to him about .
i 'll cut to the chase now , one thing at a time .
the only thing that mattered right now was getting away from the tempest high leader and whatever plan she had for her .
i mean , the airport 's one thing .
maybe one thing she could change now .
every little thing can make a difference .
well the important thing is that i m doing it now , right ?
i ate the whole thing and figured unless i ate them by the pallet - full , i should be fine .
hey , one more thing do nt forget we need a fire if you plan on eating .
you know how good he is with that sort of thing .
tasha noticed him taking an unconscious account of his weapons and their locations , knowing that it was the most important thing that he needed to know in case of trouble , before nudging his steed forward .
my liege , i must protest this ` ` another thing , '' garn went on .
the next thing we knew , blue light radiated from his bodyand zap !
one more thing , i added , well be flying right back to singapore once the concert is over .
at some point , i must have succumbed to fatigue , despite my determination to stay awake , because the next thing i knew sasuke was shaking my arm gently .
the only thing i can bring myself to be concerned about is finding out why my mum left without an explanation .
it occurred to me that he had nt wanted things to turn out the tragic way they did , so why had nt he prevented it in the first place ?
he seemed really bothered about this whole thing when had he gotten so close to acacias clique ?
dad , i repeated with added emphasis , and the next thing i knew , he was lugging me across my room .
i stared back eagerly , and he continued , one thing is sure , there s absolutely no way to keep you off my mind .
let me take her place while you sort things out ?
but there s one thing you ll never be able to feel smug about .
there s another thing i have to discuss with you .
actually ... there s another thing .
and there s another thing i have to talk to you about yeah ?
the trees they were passing , a complete blur in her vision , were the only thing that gave relevance to the fact that they were moving .
there are obviously somecomplications with that sort of thing .
i succeeded , but it was a close thing .
i managed to stop myself from losing my shape , but it was a close thing .
but , one last thing .
but , beware of one thing .
how did i cut the floor if the only thing this can cut is shadows ?
oh , there is one thing i need to do first .
all over the world there are spirit warriors although we are a dying race slowly we are losing this war but that is not the most troubling thing , the warriors of the race protect the light clans or good guys so to speak .
when you ve been kicked from foster home to foster home with creatures trying to kill you for reasons unknown to you things like this do nt really surprise , besides i m just happy i have family and a place to live now .
as you wish uncle , but one last thing before i go you never got to tell me what happened to my father and other uncle .
there is time to talk about such things if we survive father for now lets just get to blackfires place , i just need to stop in town at the inn to see someone .
it all sounded so wonderful , utterly unbelievable , except for one thing ; not one test had passed .
but the whole thing is complicated .
and i m sure well figure out the fuel thing .
its a good thing i keep automated records of what goes on with my systems , or else i would nt have found you !
i guess its a good thing there are nt many of people like you around , or we might have a reputation for jailbreaks .
i made it to class on time with only one thing on my mind - when this class was over , i was going to sit next to dean .
oh , and one more thing , intrepid one , that you have nt factored into your illustrious plan .
i chose not to furnish her with the particulars of why we were there in the first place , and why we left our things unattended .
ill leave that sort of thing to your mother .
he s an authority at that sort of thing .
he s got a really big mouth and , without any prompting , sounds off about this , that , and the other thing .
another thing ?
yeah , well , you think things over while scraping algae off of fish tanks and changing cat pans .
you might want to think things over , too , while you re unpacking the hot apple pies and prepping the milk shake machine .
there s a thriving market for that sort of thing in kingsbridge and its big - drinking neighbors , too : riverdale , marble hill , and manhattans inwood , which is just across the broadway bridge at w225th street .
figured i d go to the seven oclock mass and get the darn thing over and done with .
just keep your eyes open for the time beinguntil this thing is sorted out .
i do nt want to hear anymore about that sort of thing .
one thing was for certain : there was not only one archer .
its one less thing to worry about for the day .
and one more thing , he added , leaning in even closer , if you skip out on the bill again , you ll wish you were dead .
its the only thing she s really strict about ; she always says art can not be interrupted , finished mrs . riley .
it was the only thing she felt sure of and could look with certainty into .
the next thing i knew , tonys face was approaching my own and then his lips were on mine .
sort of like paradise before we sinned that sort of thing , perhaps ?
) , and yes , it was a little shameful to be discussing such a thing ; but mary appeared completely mortified .
in the expanse of sand , some particles were kicked up making a cloud over the sites where the vortices appeared , but after a few moments , things settled back leaving the area as it had been moments before .
just one thing .
besides , with me being a revenant and everything , i probably should nt worry about the whole vegan thing anymore , ya know ?
` ` there is one thing that i need to warn you about . ''
i think the two of you will have to come down to the station tomorrow afternoon to get this thing sorted out , said officer terry .
what did jackson want when his ipad game became the most important thing in his life ?
someone who d receive visitors , that sorta thing , he d said ; not just keeping the house clean .
well there s another thing , see ?
oh , and heres another thing i can let you into .
first thing , i d say goodbye to your mom .
escape from the compound has been the only thing that has mattered to her for three years .
one thing i am sure of , we must proceed cautiously for we know not how many of these creatures exist , nor how large they may become .
she tapped her chin and looked at him with a critical eye , one more thing .
my world melted , and the only thing that mattered was wills painting .
i think i should go into entity mode and have a look at things .
why , i already have mostly of what i want , but there is one thing that i desirethe trident .
the next thing i saw was black rocks jetting out from the walls and the familiar smell of smoke .
its a good thing i found you before the coin did , otherwise , you d be subject to eves little plan .
i do nt have any quarrel with you , and i do want to have the entities on my side as my mother once did , but things have changed , and my mothers ways are not my way .
oh , and one last thing .
the whole thing was a mess that i needed to fix .
one thing for sure , caleb is different than us .
the next thing i noticed was his eyes .
gervis was right about one thing , the reef below him was one of the most beautiful he had ever seen .
that s ok , what s one more thing to hide from her ?
his arms wrapped around my waist , and the next thing i knew he was kissing me .
first we were talking the next thing i knew he motioned with his arm mimicking falling and smacked one hand into the other .
one more thing ?
the important thing was to keep her body moving and her mind distracted as much as possible so that she would relax into her labor .
then the next thing i knew , they were going at it in the stables .
with us , it was more of an emotional thing .
it was one thing to worry about bringing danger into the wanderers camp .
finding her sister was now the priority , and the only thing she would allow to occupy her mind .
in late , its new years eve and jade summers has only one thing on her mind as midnight approaches : kissing a zombie .
one thing is aggression , greed lust .
try to follow me , i call over my shoulder , and the next thing i break will be your arm .
now , one more thing i drag him along with me , back past the candy aisle , and the paper plate aisle , and the motor aisle , to the chip aisle , which is right across from the long row of coolers in the back of the store .
one other thing , kyle , reno said .
one thing at a timefirst we need tremain .
maybe its a wax on , wax off kind of thing .
the next thing i knew i was driving here .
it does nt matter now anywayfate brought us back together , he said slightly smiling at her , if you believe in that sort of thing .
feeling somewhat guilty about her perfect morning , she figured she may as well get one thing checked off her to do list .
it was a last minute thing .
one thing at a time , girlie .
she shook it off and decided she had to deal with one thing at a time .
bright sideit could potentially be the last thing .
and the next thing he knew , his friend was somehow calm .
everyone knows how i handle this sort of thing .
the only thing i want to think about is my urban - adonis .
he also claims the only thing he lied to me about was his job , and everything else he s ever said was the truth .
she told us so many things , but the one thing that s the most important in this whole story , is when chloes twin sister cassie died at birth , her power automatically transferred to chloe .
its not a permanent thing , mort .
another thing , do nt ever get into the first or the last car on the line .
now , stir the whole thing continuously until it comes to a boil .
so , josie said , slouching on the countertop in sarahs direction , how s every little thing been goin ?
he looked sheepish about the whole thing .
amber said something about using your bed and the next thing i know , you re shutting the door on me .
i knew she could nt help but gloat over the bath thing .
we were both quiet on the way down to grand isle because we both had the same thing on our minds .
reading about and seeing this was another thing completely .
it would be good to strum my lovely orange guitar , get my mind off things .
guys , she said , terry in - tow , just one more thing before we party the night away .
she paused a moment before disappearing into a cloud of dragon smoke , why , the most important thing of all .
only one small thing .
is that type of thing romantic ?
yeah , about the bartender thing .
as for the other thing , i started .
i bit back the : i m only stupid right now because the only thing i can concentrate on is you .
oh , one more thing , daphne said , and hortense gray turned from the door to look at her again .
that had been the last thing on daphnes mind , but now she thought maybe she would go back , not to their old high school , but someplace else where people did nt know her .
do you honestly think there is one tiny thing in this world he does nt know about ?
this stone was by far the most important thing in this silent lake .
the three were good friends and had spent all their lives in the others company , until one thing separated them forever .
was she too weak to handle a simple thing as sorrow ?
one thing she did notice was that the houses were getting slightly smaller .
not ready for that little thing .
she s been trying to get someone other than her friend rosemary to side with her on the family number thing since she discovered mine , years ago .
ending the practice of second wives was probably the one and only thing that i completely agreed with aspen about .
but lately , and i mean for about the last five or six months , its been almost every night , i confessed the whole thing .
it is just a preliminary thing .
i was going i decided to leave the pee thing out of it .
it was kinda my thing .
gideon took my hand and the next thing i knew , we were almost beside the gate .
i was pretty sure my mother was now blowing the whole thing out of proportion in her head .
but the not wanting to hurt you is the important thing .
i think i have another thing i need you to be understanding about .
first thing : take a shower .
look , the important thing is , you look amazing !
however if this was tobias personal transport route , then one thing was certain .
i could do whatever i want and your boyfriend and girlfriend over there will see the whole thing .
i ve tagged along with my dad and his country club buddies now and then , but golfs not really my thing .
this whole thing started because of that ridiculous notion of hers .
and really , this whole thing has just been i let out a sigh , shaking my head .
some part of me knows i belong here , trudging along in a mindless daze , in this despondent place where things seem to die .
i mean , its one thing if my aunt does it .
with that scary thought running from my mind , the sweet chocolate scent wafts through the crack in my door , another thing i forgot to close last night .
but it was very hard to ignore , especially since it was the main thing on my brain , no matter how many times i tried to push aside for things more important , like schoolwork .
but it was very hard to ignore , especially since it was the main thing on my brain , no matter how many times i tried to push aside for things more important , like schoolwork .
next thing i know , i am sitting in her car as she speeds toward alderwood mall to scour the popular stores for a homecoming dress .
that s an interesting thing to think about .
i think ill pass , i tell him , watching his face fall as if i just broke his spirit , broke his heart , like my being there is the most important thing in the world .
the only thing between us is air and our shallow breaths .
and the one thing i want to know , did he find me , like in my dream ?
the next thing i learned about this wonderful woman was her fight to send her now ex - husband to prison for the mental , emotional , and physical abuse he put her and her children through when they were still married .
not a thing , joey .
not a thing , damn it .
like some before and after thing .
there s one thing we have nt discussed since we started , you know , dating , i mutter quietly , feeling my cheeks heat in a flush , the burn trailing down my neck .
the one thing i really want to know is why i lived with her when i had other family , nicer family who loved me despite my father .
first thing tomorrow morning she said in her tender voice , anyone would succumb to that , and besides , i was tired too .
ah , baba that one is small thing but before i start naming them let me start by this .
it is a ` ` family thing , '' an understood commitment to the crime family of francis ferrelli .
what about a little thing called personality ?
one thing , little flower .
nikolas said that s another thing .
that little thing ?
we had just spent a harrowing hour jumping off a boat , hiding under a dock in freezing salt water , and running from a group of men who wanted god only knew what , and the one thing roland zeroed in on was something i was not ready to talk about .
and as for having enough excitement today , i think you forgot one thing .
there is one thing i need to do , i whispered .
one second there was a creepy voice in my head telling me to go to sleep , and the next thing i knew the tattooed guy was screaming .
my life was the only thing between them and certain death , and my willingness to die had just drastically decreased their chances of survival .
there s no need to wait for us ... oh , one more thing , ulrik .
it did nt mean that it was my thing and i d dress like ellie mae off the beverly hillbillies .
getting away now seemed to be the most important thing .
one thing for certainjason would n't be giving him any more trouble .
or was she passed out on the sofa , unable to worry about a thing ?
after class , it was ash who had initiated things .
her head swam with thoughts - distracted thoughts , not about light , but about other things too , like ash , and seth , and myra downstairs having one of her rare lucid moments where she felt she had the right to talk to itzy like a mother just because seth and devon were there .
well , seth said , his eyes on hers , for one thing , he spent three hours online reading about 2012 .
there was just one thing .
do you think its because of that 2012 thing ?
for one thing , in the back of his mind he was a little frightened of the loveguard girl .
it helped that i was interested in philosophy , meditation , that sort of thing .
and as to the uhh ... other thing , i am very old .
next thing i knew the door was swinging wide !
the next thing i knew i was lying close to a tiny splash of light near one of the stained - glass windows .
table of contents chapter 1 : things got all messed up chapter 2 : a big mistake chapter 3 : 9 months , 27 days earlier chapter 4 : little sister chapter 5 : act ii chapter 6 : in school suspension chapter 7 : fatherly advice chapter 8 : grounded chapter 9 : paying debts chapter 10 : waiting for a call chapter 11 : the date chapter 12 : summer break chapter 13 : in the dark chapter 14 : making up chapter 15 : sophomore year chapter 16 : anniversaries chapter 17 : a study chapter 18 : seconds chapter 19 : secrets chapter 20 : hanging out chapter 21 : another day chapter 22 : full circle chapter 23 : cycles acknowledgements chapter 1 : things got all messed up the lawns on his street looked clean , no toys or tools spread out on the yard .
let me tell you , kate , they ve only got one thing on their mind and it ai nt your feelings .
mistaken gender was such a small thing compared to dragons and new dimensions .
as for the other thing , she did nt believe that at all , stay there .
no middle thing .
at least one thing was working out today .
there was one thing that stood out the color .
i never understood how calm she was about the whole thing .
he said yes , and we are going to see how it goes tonight , i said making light of the whole thing .
ooohhh , good thing her coffee was iced .
yeah , that s more of a one direction thing with us .
the littlest thing would set her off and then she would get a headache and have to calm herself down .
it had started over such a stupid little thing too .
i saw a man get tortured last night and the last thing i remember is you running at me , so do nt tell me to calm down !
the girl he was trying to impress saw the whole thing .
yeah , good , pumpkin , i said in my silly voice , but i was more interested in the shannon thing .
the important thing is that we celebrate it .
and let me tell you , unless you can convince tiger lily that you re telling the truth about this lamerton grammar thing , you are going to be dropped into a big pile of pig poo .
they really make a big thing about it .
for one thing , it did nt take so long .
the only thing i did nt want to deal with was the second last reason .
if you re into that kind of thing , i m sure it is .
she could usually focus on one thing at a time and the sandwich won out .
duey killed flannagan and joe , not only to have the diner back , but also for the principle of the thing , you know ?
he did n't want to get into a whole big thing about it , but he did n't want to appear rude .
okay ... one thing though .
so the first thing we have to find out , then , is who the councilman is .
did n't have to do a single thing when she was my boss .
one thing was n't explicitly in the report , as lucus had n't made the conclusion .
i was just resting my eyes , and the next thing i know you 're shining a light in my face .
the important thing was not to kill him .
my uncle must have messed the whole thing up , libby hastily removed the photos and tried to rearrange the other pieces as best as she could .
the last thing i wanted to do was apologise for the wrongs i had done in my life and go around asking people to forgive me .
she was a hot chick , bit thin mind , but it was just a sex thing .
she was becoming louder , raging and obsessive about the tiniest little thing .
i must have taken a step backwards as next thing i knew , collette 's bulging eyes and frothing mouth stared at me .
one more thing , he added , we will not have any smoking or drinking .
one more thing , added coach andrews thoughtfully .
the main idea seemed to be that the important thing in athletics is not whether you win or lose , but how you play the game .
the other thing ill work on is how many people are here .
one little thing could upset the balance of that .
well , first thing first , sir , began the assistant , the second obliviator wants to know what he needs to do about the empty prisons .
i have one more thing to show you , then , ill be on my way , he said .
other than that one other thing , if there is another , everything else is fine , luke confirmed .
it would most likely fade like it had in times gone by , so the last thing i wanted to do was make a spectacle of myself , especially with new people at the table .
idrys left after breakfast to sort a few things out with the farm boys , but he promised he would return in the evening to advise me on henris escape .
that s settled then , except for one little thing .
there were a lot of things that could nt be put right any more at ty gwyn , but i thought there was at least one thing i could do .
and the first thing on that list would be what had really happened to dad .
the only thing that s important is how blod feels , and she does nt feel the same way i do .
it would be a long time before those tense moments were a thing of the past , i knew .
i do nt care , i answered , if there s one thing she ca nt get in the way of , its me loving you .
we were talking about simple things , nice distracting things like how pretty ness would look as a flower girl and how we could put some flowers over my crutches to make them look less hideous in the photographs , when suddenly blod fell silent .
i had my thing to focus on , she had hers .
when their bodies began to relax and drowsiness swept over them , billy asked one more thing before they drifted off to sleep .
well ... . barret clasped his hands together , its a good thing i have nt killed you yet , you re still of some use to us .
during their time spent inside the hump it had become chill and damp outside , and just how late it was into the night they did not know ; though one thing was certain , the moon was fairly bright and they really needed to get moving .
well , for one thing , billy contributed , you do nt seem to be interested in going home .
but , the idea has certainly never been documented , not to my knowledge anyway ... . and i am the keeper of the archives ... . nor has it ever been suggested , not by my father , or his father ... . we have simply always referred to the whole scheme of things as taking place in this big wide universe of ours .
there were a number of suggestions put forward to her question , like they could remain in the library and read some more , or they could play rock - paper - scissors again , they could go and cut a slab of meat from the side of an animal and eat it , cetra considered cleaning to pass the time ; but the one thing they all agreed on was what might happen if they were to punch the number eighty five into barrys remote control .
one thing at a time tiger , bilson said , we ve bigger whales to poach first up .
one thing he knew , this was where he had come earlier in the day .
that is why she decided to spice things up last week .
the first thing on her mind was magic .
that , and the fact that you re supposed to be quiet at a library , but mostly the first thing .
no that s ok ; i m not really into this kind of thing .
you know that s not my thing .
one thing was for sure ; if her sister died , she was nt going to be left behind .
i m quite knowledgeable about the whole thing , so there probably are nt many questions i wo nt be able to answer .
there was one more thing he wanted to do before leaving .
learning an action in a book was one thing ; putting that theory into practice was another thing altogether .
oh , and one more thing , gregory .
the important thing was that he did nt hurt you .
there s one more thing i need to do before i can even think about what happens tomorrow .
spotted or not there was nothing he could do about it and the most important thing for him to worry about , right at that moment , was getting his feet on solid ground without being hurt .
the important thing is that i have him in custody .
the important thing , dryden replied , his voice hardening , is that the matter has been resolved .
that s the main thing .
one last thing dear .
one thing is for certain jacqueline hoff is going to pay .
i swear , there is a thing with california and chandeliers .
the thing that we are most concerned with now is your mental state .
father was in his study , finishing his coffee and shuffling through things as he did every morning , weekday or not .
this will , in retrospect , be a small thing .
that would be the last thing you were lost in .
next thing she knew , she was being laid gently down on cold concrete .
you re absolutely right about one thing , mr soames .
the one thing james had nt considered was the fact that if he was sitting in his bed when he teleported , upon landing in the corridor he would still be in the seated position .
the important thing is , you ll be safe .
the problem always seemed to come back to the same thing ; getting the right people together in the first place .
all dull as dishwater to the casual reader but just the sort of thing the ivor obsessed over .
next thing you know they ll be calling in the planes and napalming princes street .
the spear are the next big thing , did nt you know ?
its not really my thing to be honest but they did nt seem to be doing anyone any harm and they were nothing but nice to us , i said .
` ` oh , one more thing , '' he said before leaving .
the next thing i knew , a small woman with a chestnut braid was dragging me through the crowd .
there was so much bouncing around inside my head i could nt concentrate on any one thing .
are your little exchanges always about the same thing , or do you like to find new things to brutalize one another over ?
are your little exchanges always about the same thing , or do you like to find new things to brutalize one another over ?
its the most important thing there is .
the only thing she wanted no part of was the fighting .
the next thing i knew , i was falling .
one thing i wonder is how you can talk , being an animal .
she told herself that she would find a man tomorrow , but she had to do one last thing .
there would be one more thing that would make it all special , darling .
the only thing that is important to me now is to be sure that all of us , the lords of this conspiracy , will be able to preserve ourselves in order to make sure that we will inherit the throne .
the important thing is you are alive miss victoria lockhart .
one more thing , ev .
one last thing , crewe , did cy already tell you yeah , he answers my unspoken question .
sydney , one more thing , he says after i ve moseyed a few steps toward the street .
the normal type of thing , you know .
never had a passion for anything really , except one thing , he said , holding up a lone finger .
maybe such things can be excused at a country reel where no one cares about anything , but just look at the decor : its stunning .
oh , and , um , one other thing said kaille , bringing his finger pensively to his mouth .
one other thing , said the captain , his finger raised .
so , when we say , for instance , that having a woman aboard brings a curse upon the ship , kaille said , throwing out an example that made roses heart skip a frightened beat , its in some ways an easier way of saying that having women around makes things more complicated ?
from their perches above , the jackals would surround the men in their boats , and they d talk of things near and far , their harsh laughter peeling through the forest .
there is one important thing to remember as we start and progress through the project .
my mind only wanted to focus on one thing : the man i d hit out on highway 6 .
clean bill of health , and not a thing for you to worry about , miss dunham , gabe said , patting lashell on the back .
her face beamed a little brighter , and i could see that my promise to do it meant that she would have one less thing to worry about .
family is the most important thing to me , so i chose bailey , i said , feeling an overwhelming sensation of relief .
the last thing i wanted was to dredge up anything bad or pour salt in any open wounds .
good thing were all in the van or i m afraid papa would chase him down , pull him over , and beat the crap out of him .
but the most important thing is , even if we 're apart ...
the door opens and the next thing i know he s unbuckling me from my seat and dragging my ass out of the truck .
sorry he says ; sincerity is another thing .
i focus all my thoughts on one thing .
yes , he was similar , but for one thing he was older .
ill move on to the ship thing then , shall i ?
i m not sure on the star etiquette thing .
as for the other thing you wantedfrequent marc updates ( what s that supposed to mean , anyway ?
the other thing i was wrong about was the practice - and - some - more - practice thing .
i really get into the spirit of the thing with our last sequence .
the thing is , he does nt have his glasses , and he s as blind as a bat without them !
one , its a girl thing , however misguided its starting to feel .
i thought she was just trying to make light of the whole antonio thing , but i can see from her expression that she s not at all .
and that s one thing i really do nt want to talk aboutour fight the other day .
i mean , not that its weird or you have to be insane or something to like chocolate ( if it is , i should be locked up ) , but its usually a girl thing , right ?
i m only supposed to be online for a few minuteschecking up a few details on the plot of gentlemen prefer blondesbut when the emails pop into the correct mailbox , i see there are four from alexa , remember that she s probably put her life on the line to send them , and the next thing i know , my email program is maximized across sugar kanes small screen and i m reading away .
in fact , she thinks the whole thing is an absolute scream and that i should be applauded for having that overactive imagination of mine , as my dad calls it .
anyways , the important thing is this : my theory : psychologically steven waved his hand fast , and then he rephrased his words .
i am , he said , but he also showed some hesitation , for another thing puzzled him .
you mean like trying to make gold and that sort of thing ?
he was really into it , asking about one thing after another and saying how this was very nice and that was extremely interesting .
but the important thing now was would it be thick enough ?
one thing is for sure i ' ve never seen her before .
for the time being , my cell phone is the last thing on my mind .
there s an explosion behind my eyes and next thing i know , the ground is speeding up to meet me .
i just want to concentrate on one thing the one thing that is so significant , i ca nt ignore it anymore lennoxs fingers tangled with mine .
i just want to concentrate on one thing the one thing that is so significant , i ca nt ignore it anymore lennoxs fingers tangled with mine .
its never a simple thing , telling one from the other .
the loud woman on the phone told her such things were nt really a matter of concern as long as the tree was healthy .
frankly , rose dobson was particular about most things .
on one hand , she thought it ridiculous that she should be thinking of any form of indulgence when then only thing that mattered was getting rid of that tree , but on the other , a small part of her ( a part that was indeed getting marginally larger ) felt that she deserved some indulgences in life .
oh and one more thing , he pointed and a skinny black cat skulked out the shadows and began to twist itself around her legs .
driving it so hard meant he had to repair it , and the replacement of the clutch was one thing he got very adept at .
things were happening so fast willow wanted to scream her lungs out .
before things could get too serious , declan stopped the make out session and just held willow on the bed , hugging her and playing with her hair .
she is right about one thing though .
the prophecy was specific about one thing .
even if he had nt been eating all day long , he did nt think he could finish the whole thing .
well , your daddys wrong about one thing .
but the next thing i knew , my hand was there .
where i come from a household with no brothers -- you just are nt accustomed to seeing a penis first thing in the morning .
all was fair on the dance floor , because on the floor all those moving bodies became one thing .
that was the main thing that julie was worried about .
` ` the match will tell if it was enough or not , but one thing is for certain , we 're going to win this tournament . ''
alonso looked ready for the match , he knew that the tournament was not the only thing at stake .
she might have escaped from the trap , but that 's not the only thing that she should worry about . ''
` ` one more thing , if you want to beat a counter - puncher , use feints .
` ` one more thing , '' boris added .
now only one thing dominated their minds : the mysterious contents of maksim 's chest .
the next thing he knew his cheek was wet with foreign tears and his face and mouth were smothered in silky blonde hair .
i want to know why i saved your life when i was supposed to take it , she said bluntly , shaking her head in confusion and irritated that he was being so nonchalant about the whole thing .
there is one more thing , however , she said seriously as she looked back and forth between annalise and finlay , you guys will not be able to teleport once we get into the ninth layer .
the only thing on his mind at that moment was the fact that he did not want annalise to leave , or their bond to fade .
it was a good thing the man was nt drunk or else they would all be in danger .
one other thing i should mention to you is that vampires are very smart , very good huntersyears and years of instinct .
but one thing was for sure : i was never coming back to this town again .
you take liz upstairs , and the next thing i know , she s dead !
just that last shot about the girlfriends son , or the whole thing ?
he remembered clint getting out of bed and the next thing henry was aware of was that he was pounding on the door of the emergency shelter .
the only thing that mattered to her , the only thing she ever liked to talk about , was the book .
the only thing that mattered to her , the only thing she ever liked to talk about , was the book .
no , the only thing worth worrying about right now was shai .
oh , and one other thing , the picture was black and white how weird is that ?
there was the language thing , the garden thing , the not - washing thing , the bad clothes thing , the weird thing about lining up the vegetables , but in some ways he was really clever .
there was the language thing , the garden thing , the not - washing thing , the bad clothes thing , the weird thing about lining up the vegetables , but in some ways he was really clever .
the second thing on her mind was that she was accepting that her marriage was over .
` ` oh one more thing , i forgot to say , i love you , and i like you , and i really really want this to work out mal , '' belle added .
angels of darkness ` ` it 's a good thing i kept mal 's family from that service , '' cabiri said to zisa .
and , as good as that was , one thing made it even better .
but there is one more thing . ''
the only thing she really cared about was that he remained acceptable to the public , and was careful not to embarrass her .
does nt mom know i have better things to worry about than squash and lima beans ?
he can vouch for the whole thing .
but the important thing was that stevie did nt think he was crazy .
the next thing he knew he was being captured by the creepy - looking goon and taken into the awful blue light .
one lousy moment of weakness and the next thing he knew he d babbled on like a parrotand to a stranger , no less .
and one thing was for sure , there was nt a coaster in california that came close to matching this .
the only thing that mattered was that he had to do it .
joshua did nt know what was happening , but he knew one thing for sure : he could nt let daniel compete in the race .
he cared about one thing : daniel .
plus , there 's that whole thing in d.c . all malachi will ever do is keep you attached to his hip and hit you mercilessly .
there is one thing that i am curious about , i said chewing on my bottom lip , unsure of how to ask him the question on the tip of my tongue .
the main thing though was whether or not it worked , and we would be able to use our new bond to save sam .
` ` tell ' i m the whole thing later , says scars here .
all these things had happened when the man stepped into the clearing beyond these trees .
next thing i know , this car comes barreling through the woods nearby and crashes into a tree .
i think he wants you to take care of those things yourself , violet said .
that s the most important thing .
the hair color thing he could handle .
please keep one thing in mind : real heroes seldom ask to be heroes .
the camera is the important thing now . ''
` ` first off , the dog thing would n't have mattered .
` ` it 's kind of like the whole mouse thing , '' link said .
he looked down at his watch and seeing that it was almost time , pushed leannes chair back under her prized mahogany desk , subconsciously knowing how she liked things kept in their place before leaving the office .
one other thing bugged her .
for another thing , my bodys going to look one heck of a mess , do nt you think ?
thing is , would little miss flowers think dad was really quite dashing if shed seen him before his last and most successful hair transplant ?
the last thing i need right now is to catch either one of them scrabbling to get dressed , to get their lover out of the way .
first thing , of course , i need to check that cath herself is on for it .
are you telling me that your friend cath is such a delicate thing she ca nt face off a little bit of competition ?
so surely the best thing to do is simply wait a while and let things calm down .
that s another thing i have to take into account freaks ability to move through time .
but she wanted one thing first .
then its a good thing you have a wife to look after your interests .
one other thing , do nt tell a girl how you feel about her when you can clearly see she s not into you because it can turn out bad added another , and you should also have something unique that you can do that can impress the girl you like .
and one last thing , you do not call me miss or by my name ; instead , you call me and every other group leader captain .
there s one thing i forgot to mention to you about winona .
but the one thing i was nervous about was my date with winona which would be my first ever ; well , as a teenager .
yes , i do ; thing is , i used to school here back in primary so , yeah .
you all know i m the shy type and the only thing girls like about me is my relaxed personality and well , the way i talk to a girl ; i never rush things and do nt get too sure of myself .
i m lucky i had no broken ribs but you do nt play rugby brandon yeah dad ; thing is there was no swimming practice today so i thought , why not ?
of course , the whole my wanting to have sex with you thing kind of complicates things .
miriam , she said , if this is gods will , paul can be open about it with the pastor and get some advice about the whole thing .
given the way she s been freaking out about every little thing lately , that should nt surprise me , but this feels different .
the other thing that has been consuming my mind todaywhat little was left idle after talking to robinhas been latched firmly onto the theory i came up with last night .
sunny had often heard him say that geronimo and moonbeam could stay there forever at no charge and not to worry about a thing , uncle pete would take care of it .
one thing at a time he thought .
stupid , i know , but i was so excited about having a place to stay that i did n't exactly think things through .
my love life , or lack thereof , was the last thing i wanted to talk about at the time .
some people will argue that all teenaged guys only think of one thing .
only one thing was certain , the monster was not dead , indeed , it was not dead .
a strange choice , you might think , but it was the first thing that occurred to him .
one thing is obvious when he enters the room .
things are okay i guess , tammie replies before filling her mouth with salad , her least favorite food .
the only thing on his mind seems to be getting rid of it .
usually do it first thing .
the last thing i wanted to do was pass out under the bleachers , knock myself out on a rock and not be found for days .
i laughed and waved the whole thing off .
they had probably heard the whole thing with their supernatural ears , but i was still grateful for the illusion of privacy they had given me .
i did some research , called some friends who are a little more knowledgeable on this type of thing .
only one thing , he added , i m not sure that i m ready to relinquish your hand quite yet .
she asked me for a swatch of cloth or some such thing of yours , but i told her that i was nt allowed to go through your things .
eurilas felt that hard feelings should be kept out of their private chambers , so one always had a friendly place to retreat to in order to think things over after a lengthy discussion .
one more thing , how much of this do i need to use in order to kill the rat ?
first thing on the agenda is to have a nice dinner and settle in for the night and well get an early start in the morning .
his vision was still somewhat blurry because of the swelling but at this point the last thing he was concerned with was what direction he was headed or who or what he ran into during his escape .
my mind was just racing a million miles a minute and i could n't focus on just one thing .
the moment right in front of you is the only thing in your life you have control over .
the one thing i know she wants me to talk about .
she wanted to talk about , the other thing , but i just could n't .
the only thing i was really concerned about was my father finding out .
its just i have so much going on right now i want to take one thing at a time .
the thought that rose above all others offered her a brief period of relief as she closed her eyes focusing on the one thing that mattered more dearly than anything to her at the moment .
a modest young adult she had no need and no desire to dwell on the thing and was really only interested in dealing with whatever the future would bring .
knowing the exact location of the diamonds was another thing .
jealousy blooms in her heart and suddenly she kicks herself as she asks the one thing she knows she should n't .
maybe its some kind of a genetic thing , she muttered to herself , but loud enough that he could hear .
the one thing of which he was absolutely certain was that there was no way he d be sleeping tonight .
when bruces life flashes before his eyes , ill bet he sees the whole thing in equations .
the last thing i remember was the explosion , and then i he paused , trying to remember .
he stopped himself , and then muttered to himself , one thing at a time , bruce .
i was wondering the same thing , actually , said the voice conversationally , and at once kane felt himself ripped open from the inside by an uninvited presence .
shinwoo was given one of the food manufacturing plants , introduced to his management staff , then left alone to figure out how to run things .
well , for one thing , we are nt fresh meat on the internet .
next thing you know costumers will be lining up right outside your door !
she does nt understand his need for control over every little thing , but she does nt care for it either way it goes , as long as he did nt change .
ryder could see the storm clouds rolling in and her focus always wavered from one thing to another , something was wrong this is exactly how she acted in the club before she bolted .
sidney began putting her things back in place the way she had had them and in the process kicked her phone underneath her bed .
ethan considered it not sure what harm it could do now when they were so close to solving this thing , i mean shit he was already well aware that she s been working on it on the sly anyhow despite being kicked off .
is it justyou know , like , a friends with benefits type thing ?
he was right ; it was a silly little thing .
one other thing , not to sound cheap but does lexi have money for expenses ?
but dance was supposed to be my thing .
i needed my domain , my place in the world where things usually went the way i planned .
the next thing i knew , the cluster - o - poms was looking at me , half of them with pity , the other half with as - if - she - stood - a - chance expressions .
there actually was one thing i wanted to ask her about .
there was just this one thing that was ruining the recipe .
not a thing , desiree said and got up from the hammock chair .
the last thing i wanted was to get into yet another discussion about why i should break up with brad .
one more thing , then ill leave it alone , she swore , one hand in the air , the other crossing her heart .
one thing was certain ; she was a far stronger person than he was , though he would never admit it .
its pretty much the first thing i should have covered .
however , this was the last thing on ryans mind as he dug out his skates and made for the front door .
err its a family thing , said jack uneasily .
oh yes , but were really not interested in that sort of thing .
one thing they did become aware of , however , was the fact that they were not the only truck on the track .
he had actually been pondering the exact same thing .
just one thing , said the third as she turned to go .
next thing i knew , there was a soft rustle of clothing and will was pressing his hand on my shoulder , his scentpart cologne , part laundry , part boywafting over me until i had no choice but to breathe in deeper , my nostrils flaring .
next thing you know , the two of you will be riding off into the sunset .
how is my thing more important than yours ?
but that s another thing , i said , crossing my arms , dangling the currycomb in my fingers .
emmie jumped in , it was a last minute thing .
someone did , but it was a token thing .
the important thing for me was to make certain you were ok and to keep him from harming you .
and one more thing , he called out above the din .
but she was certain of one thing ; all she wanted was to spend the time with family and friends , and with zeus , with whom she had now formed an inseparable bond .
i have forgotten to ask you one thing .
i became conscious of many things at once , the rhythmic beat of his heart , the special pine scent i came to associate with him , his lips brushing my forehead as he sang to me .
he scowled as though that was the last thing he wanted to discuss .
a shiver raced through me even though reacting to his nearness and nakedness was the last thing on my mind .
no , actually , just one thing .
but when i was brought before valafar , he was only interested in one thing .
i ve just got one more thing to get and then were done .
also , one more thing , could you forget about all the bad stuff i said about tryouts ?
also , one more thing , do you remember what xavier looked like ?
it seems like that sort of thing follows me around .
i have one more thing , he added .
it was one thing to slow down my surroundings , but to be able to use my physical talents on demand would be very helpful .
you know , kant was right about one thing .
it was the one thing we could never talk about with anyone else .
there was one last thing .
we were nothing more than an unpleasant thing to be taken care of .
he reminded me so much of how we had found duncan defeated and alone in the mansion , except for one thing .
ok , maybe i was being a little over dramatic , but school had never been my , um , thing .
no , sorry , the last thing i wanted to do was apologize to kiran ; maybe it would come to fighting after all , although i thought it was very strange that kirans friend would be so defensive over such a small thing .
oh , eden , one more thing , please do nt hesitate to speak with me if something is on your mind .
well , the important thing is that you are alright .
this seemed like a forest fire waiting to happen ; but mr . lawly was confident he had things under control .
i replied confused , pushing my things around inside of my book bag and reaching deeper beyond the books and loose leaf paper .
now , i tried to be forceful , hoping that he remembered i was new to this whole thing .
he went to all of the trouble of getting me to the dance , and then let a little thing like a midnight battle and falling from a rooftop get in the way of all the progress we had just made .
i was being absolutely ridiculous about the whole thing .
already things are clearly strained between you ; we just do nt want to see you lose sight of every other important thing .
i laughed at his nonchalance about the whole thing .
although i wondered if my nonchalance about the whole thing hurt his good - boy ego .
every little thing past , present and future .
you are being so dramatic about the whole thing !
alright , sutton , thanks for the coffee , but i have things to do .
some boys were interested in one thing ; i had known enough of that kind to not be completely nave .
the keyboard still separated us , but that was the only thing separating us .
i get that this is your thing .
its not like a normal thing .
` ` and one other thing , '' he continued , ` ` when you return to your hotel room at the end of the day , i want you to call me ... no matter how late it is.because i wo n't sleep a wink until you do . ''
it did nt take long for us to finish the whole thing .
for one thing , it was an animal , and second , we were whispering .
next thing i knew , evan was leading me out of the chapel and down an empty corridor .
the next thing she knew , felicity was looking into the worried faces of hollie and jamie .
she spoke not a single word for the entire walk , but this seemed to make the twins even more anxious and curious ; felicity could tell that they would not let the whole thing go easily .
but it turned out that oliver had been honest about at least one thing - that the others were coming .
felicity nodded - oliver had been telling the truth about one thing , at least .
but there was one thing that she wanted to know .
one thing was for sure : i needed my weapons .
the one thing that confused me was that sometimes i had barely gotten out alive .
berry , you are the most gorgeous girl i have ever seen , and you do nt need to change a single damned thing !
i mean , me simon parker who lives in new york , not connor , the leader of the skynet gang , who had never left anything that could eventually reveal his real identitywell , except one thing .
i would nt have noticed , except i was worried that her parents would somehow ruin the whole thing .
he is mine and he is only for me it is the main thing !
but there s one more thing search google for sean martin , find a suitable photo of him it wo nt be hard , he is very public figure , and make a fake i d with his photo and under his name !
so what the heck , the research thing could wait .
i could even observe them for more eye transforming thing .
one thing was for sure , she was going to have to keep her eyes open .
she knew joan was right , but this was an adult thing , not for childrens eyes .
i think its all blown over now , it was just a little thing that bothered me that s all .
mill wo nt leave me alone about the whole stupid thing .
joan said between her friends , then continued onto another thing she wanted to talk about .
he was real nice about the whole thing .
please remember that the school secretary watched the whole thing so naturally the whole school knows by now .
` ` can that sort of thing be fixed ? ''
` ` and do n't even get me started on that thing .
and another thing i ought to mention about jyne if ever one though that i were impatient with servants , they should visit little lady jyne perr !
why bother with the whole thing .
and another thing i do nt understand is why visel would still want me , after i literally ran from him , and he was so violent towards me .
there s only one thing we should be worried about right now .
i have nt forgotten , but trust me when i say that this is the only thing between us that is still a secret , and its for a good reason .
the whole thing ?
one thing occupied macs mind .
the only thing that mattered to me was that she had seen him too .
the only thing i can think about is tonight , and i hope that he s really coming , that i understood what he said , that my mind did nt play tricks on me , because i want to see him again and i m worried sick it wo nt happen i said all in one breath without emerging for air .
after having met and greeted saras family , areel and i took care of all the little things that needed to be done : driving relatives back and forth , calling the ones who had nt received the news , accompanying people to eat something , supplying sara with a constant flow of coffee and sugary pastries to keep her up throughout the day , and other menial tasks .
the communication was sporadic the whole time , but i heard his voice again , and that was the only important thing .
do nt you think its time to give up on this school thing ?
think about how your body really is nt yours , but this other thing .
the first thing he thought about was why he had nt written a note and left it on the stoop for his family to see .
and one more thing , mr . preston adds with a grin , we have nt told her yet .
this was one thing my ability could nt fix .
then i realized that my being able to worry about such a thing , was in fact a good sign .
i had always been a small thing .
he would be meeting sheane and mae at the tree again , and not only did he not have a new song for them , he would once again be confronted with the thing he dreaded most .
he would need a control for the water as well ah , legnar , one more thing .
your dads flowers should make things a little more cheery .
i lift a brick , the last thing covering her face .
like a robot following my fathers orders , i move on to the next thing -- food .
what s the other thing ?
defensive again , susan announced , ` ` well , i am an adult and i can make that sort of choice for myself it is an entirely personal thing natalia ! ''
blithely interrupting him , natalia continued , ` ` anyways , dad , i like that you are laid back about this sort of thing and i appreciate that you do n't hound me over the simplest of things like she did . ''
relieved by the interruption , joe decided sensei 's request was the most important thing on earth .
then , respectful that he had helped tillie , he phrased his next question accordingly , ` ` one last thing ; if the underlings demand that you do call wessel for verification , wessel will assuredly ask where ferguson is and if somehow the latter manages to escape tillie , then you are to .
the next thing i knew , mit offered me a scholarship . ''
natalia remembered another thing that worried her and , attempting to clarify , commented , ` ` yes , but as i recall , you said to take the coke bottle with us . ''
i immediately commanded , to take everyones mind off the whole thing .
well , there s one more thing to show you .
what s one more thing ?
how did you know , lucy , that the sexy - hotness of brace is always the first thing on my mind ?
but one thing confirmed .
there was one thing i had to do before i showered .
good thing i was around to come to your rescue .
he focused on this one thing he looked up and saw that shed followed him to his desk .
not that i do that sort of thing , she hastily rambled .
he d never thought such a mundane thing could bring him such joy and relief .
lets just focus on one thing at a time , okay ?
you were afraid today might have been a one - time thing , were nt you ?
she spoke as if it were no big thing .
that was the only thing i ever heard my parents be cross with each other about .
i knew this was important ; it was a big thing she was asking .
with a pop and a coffee , we d talk about politics or other big things .
i was nt anxious to prolong the conversation , but there was one thing i was really curious about .
i thought the most important thing was protection .
is it an age thing ?
yeah , that s a girl thing .
there is one thing i do want to discuss before we get home .
there s not a single thing you d change ?
one last thing , cory .
one less thing for us to worry about .
but the important thing for us is that baytownour baytownstill exists .
there s one more thing , i say .
it was the only thing anyone could talk about .
elvis says you want to talk to me bout some story thing ?
is that some sort of aboriginal thing , if you do nt mind me asking ?
one more thing , sharon said in a chilling tone .
i wonder if you re part of the reason things have nt gone quite right , rose speculated .
he seems nonchalant about the whole thing .
for one thing , she was angry when she had nt thought that malcolm had come .
that s the most important thing , i say .
the next thing i know , a french fry has hit eliza square in the forehead .
chelsea is the only thing that matters .
bring the whole thing .
dear one more thing what ?
things may be a bit darker here because we are treading lightly to silver 's area .
somehow i was on the floor again , somehow i was staring at aiilyns feet , and the next thing i knew she was in front of me , kneeling there , her flowing red hair tickling my nose as she leaned down to grab me by the shoulders .
one thing , however , seemed clear .
no phone calls from melody , well that was one thing , but the texting thing disturbed me .
yes , but its the spirit of the thing .
there was an accident at the lab and the next thing i knew , i was here .
he wanted alexander to be happy , he wanted to please him , as if that was the most important thing in the world .
i think the first thing first is that we have to take care of your hygiene mister bahl bazaar .
the important thing now is to find your brother and bring him back home .
the whole thing could be a bust , of course , and yet i lose myself in the fantasy of sitting at a lunch table , surrounded by friends , talking about the big party coming up , and stealing kisses with my gorgeous , totally devoted boyfriend .
screwing up my courage and reminding myself this is one thing i can feel confident about , i knock on the door .
ah one thing more and i shall leave you my dear .
he just had no filter , of any kindpoor thing .
one thing was certain : isis speed was unparalleled .
the prophets told us there would be purpose to all things , that in the years to come the child of hekate and agmenons seed would bring into this world the new queen .
i am fine , tend to the child anchille , she s the most important thing .
one last thing , before we leave , rowan said .
well , for one thing , it would be a bad idea to pull any type of currency out of a shadow .
it was as if he had all the time in the world , and speaking with her was the only thing on his mind .
chapter six : desperate johnny sees the whole thing .
no matter what his motives were in the beginning or how things play out in the end , johnny is certain about one thing .
somehow , it seems childish to call mr . kent for every little thing that seems big for the moment .
one more thing , the master adds .
` ` he forgot one thing though , '' dale sneered .
because you know that s not my thing .
thing is , mom and dad always said being in the system was a bad thing .
one thing was for sure , he acted like a bullyand just like he missed the memo about her name , he missed the one about her being a bad target .
one night she laid down on her bed and the next thing i knew she was screaming bloody murder and her hair went up in flames .
god , she did nt want to lose the whole thing .
the only thing that mattered was if she could use her legs fast enough .
every thing went black and tristan was in a dark room laying on a bed .
one thing as for sure , selena did not have any interest in finding out .
i know you do nt know much about werewolves , but there is one thing you should be aware of , especially if you intend to stay here even for a short time .
when the red dawn begins , we can take this thing to the air .
i wo nt pay you a cent until the whole thing is redone .
there is one other small thing you need to do .
hilarious that i thought i could decide such a thing .
it would have to wait because that morning one thing became very apparent and , all of a sudden , glaringly obvious .
about one thing i was adamantwe could nt stay in the city .
if i d had the energy i would have changed , but all five of us collapsed on the logs , food the only thing on our minds .
that should be the only thing that concerns you right now .
she checked her reflection again , taking some time to study it , a thing she had been avoiding , focusing only on her hair and clothes .
that ll be minus one thing on my mind , thank you so much , bern !
the crucial thing here is the debt with the bank , so for now well focus on the deadline .
it may have something to do with the subconscious and such i only know that your energy or your subconscious , or whatever , will not accept outside help to solve this thing .
putting things that way ... yeah , i understand what you mean , rose said , blushing and squeezing her daughter a little .
just one more thing ; we are expecting more people to arrive soon .
the possibility of being pregnant should ve been the last thing on her mind but the scary thought was always there .
this was the last thing that she wanted to talk about today .
the one thing that she did nt want to think about was telling her mother that she was pregnant .
chapter 30 cami had never known what she wanted to do with her life career wise , but there was one thing that she was certain ofshe did nt want a career in retail .
sometimes she found herself wishing that they would act more like adults instead of spoiled children who could nt get their way , but this was nt the only thing that bothered her .
it was a good thing that he did nt hear rhea and myself or he would have gone mad , or worse .
it did nt feel so foreign anymore or like some ancient thing that needed unraveling .
because she made things and wrote things down and saved every detail like it was the most important thing in the world .
you know me , i m the nervous wreck who worries about every little thing .
i d been meaning to get back to it but with everything else going on , it just did nt seem like the most important thing .
lous real particular about the abbreviations thing .
something told me that i would grow attached to this stupid thing and try as hard as i could to look too much into it .
i still do nt believe there is any design behind her appearance , but i do agree with van on one thing .
but that s one thing i wo nt discuss with mr . dalton .
i admit i like the feel of his arm around menot nearly as much as someone else'sbut i still wonder about one thing .
were heading out of the gym , almost to his car , when i remember one more thing i need to warn him about .
i m tempted , very tempted to hang up and forget the whole thing .
the whole way to the park , i fight the kind of stupid grin i despise seeing on laney every time she starts blathering on about one thing or another .
no , the last thing .
i just think it was a once upon a time type thing like dinosaurs .
oh do nt make it sound like you re my flippin life saver , and just to let you know there s not a thing in my life that had possibly turned out good , my life was a living hell and i wan na know if you had something to do with it , because this imprint has only succeeded in placing me in even more trouble !
it shattered my senses and being far away from this world , far away from everything apart from one thing .
the main thing he worried about was the supply of fresh water because he had no idea if the houses water was pumped from the mainland or whether it had its own well .
the only thing left was her condition and all he wanted in the world was to for her to wake up .
the last thing he wanted to do was to drag elle out on the whaler in her condition , especially since the boat had no cabin or soft place for her to lie .
maybe that was the one thing in his life that was important and he could build the rest of his future up around her .
it was one thing they had n't really thought about .
the only thing that hung heavy in his heart was leaving his friends behind , saying goodbye to the people that saved his life .
the one thing weighing on his mind was the thought that he would return anyway and instead of rotting out on the rocks of the island , he would wander the island for eternity .
the feelings were so clear in his mind as if he had just lived them yesterday , but one thing kept swirling around .
it would be a close thing , but there was nothing she could do about it now .
actually , the real thing you should be asking is , where are the pieces .
its just that hunting is such a small thing that i decided to listen to her .
its better to make mistakes now and get things right later than make them later when the consequence could be the whole country instead of one person .
next thing she knew she was being dragged from the water and laid on what felt like grass .
one thing was for certain , he was done with seeing people get killed .
her casual approach to the whole thing seems to really get on sebastians nerves .
its a small thing , a simple thing to focus on , but the feeling of our hands bound together makes me feel like i m home .
its a small thing , a simple thing to focus on , but the feeling of our hands bound together makes me feel like i m home .
the whole thing was embarrassing then and its just as embarrassing for me now .
i feel a rush of excitement as i walk out of the science lab and , for the first time today , the tainted are the furthest thing from my mind .
well , its not really the type of thing i enjoy talking about .
that s the main thing eh ?
i m not sure , but perhaps a conference in the library first thing is in order .
this is the other thing .
the only thing that matters is lorelei .
it was the most important thing to me .
making sure you are ok is the most important thing to me and your father .
i just thought that the meal would taste bad and someone would complain about it and she would drop him -- you know , drop the whole thing . ''
aimie turned again to explain to her friends , saying , ` ` you guys , she would have to be very detailed and careful about the whole thing and you would have to do exactly what she says -- '' ` ` i 'll take wealth , '' loree said .
but always , when i m alone in the clouds , and i get the chance to get in touch with my inner self , there is one thing that bothers me the event that took sol away from me .
the flood waters were here , and then i turned away and the next thing i know , its gone .
but one thing stands out , that i have to always hold akea in my hands .
okay , i get that maybe the mail is nt the most important thing in the world , the girl said , but why is there nobody else here ?
one thing i can not help you with is to get you a , he paused , looking for a word , a snickers if you get a craving .
as i said before , the money must be in place , as well as the other things we discussed .
he knew it was nt the best idea to leave the bank before the first tucson deal was done , but he had left the whole thing in the capable hands of simon with instructions to call if there was any problem .
the last thing i remember was jumping in after you and then there was a light you jumped in after me ?
* * * * * * as malaeck left the cell heading towards his chambers , there was still one thing that bothered him .
this place had been filled with such laughter and happiness once , he thought but it had been many years since he had walked these hallways ; many years since he had looked upon the painting and statues of his family ; many years since he had stepped inside the place he had called home and there was no happiness here any longer , it was as if the castles heart had long since ceased to beat , leaving only sadness and loss for the memories that were slowly slipping away with time and with it came the one thing he had been trying to ignore all along .
it is too great a risk we know but were not backing out , lucas interrupted him before he could finish , the only thing left to decide is , who reads the spell .
but there is one thing you do not have to worry about .
next thing i knew , sierra was leaning over with a big smile on her face , saying , ` ` hey , macy , i heard you went to jail . ''
next thing you know , cassidy and terrell hop in the car . ''
things would be calmer , and at least i 'd have a place to go next time she kicked me out of the housesomeplace sane .
one thing was for sureyou did n't want to be her enemy .
i was trying to forget about the whole thing .
it was the one thing no one was gon na talk about .
going to the waste can , i toss the whole thing out .
see , i bet she s feeling guilty about the whole thing .
just because i do nt like vegetables , i will not be swayed into talking about how much i detest those damn green things .
why do we always argue about the same thing ?
but the one thing i can choose from now on is the direction of my future .
shore thing , yachel !
this is thing either clean or sanitary yachel grabs one of the flutes swinging at her leg .
i do have one more thing to discuss with you .
the next thing julie knew she was stricken with was a horrendous shearing pain directly invading the center of her brain .
* * * * all during the time returning home from being with the girl he was desperately in love with , everlista ; victors had one thing on his mind .
huron schoolhouse is the only thing any of yous need to worry about .
one more thing , sophia .
oh , one other thing nikolas , grand said .
but there s one more thing , this was my idea , check the side pocket .
the memories of that night were still raw in his mind , fear of the truth had stopped him , he did not know if julianne had survived the demon attack , one thing he felt certain was that kate would never forgive him for what he had started .
rough looking , willing to settle things with his fists any time , any place .
ingrid knew that the first thing he worked on was a plan for pacifying an entire city and installing new brain - bands on all of its citizens .
nobody in the organization is even likely to perceive that scientific solutions may exist because such things are will 's area and nobody knows what he does or thinks .
dad , this thing is still on the same heading .
i only have one thing on my mind and that is to see my father .
the only thing i had to worry about yesterday was chase .
will you just get in the car or shall we forget the whole thing ?
i place my rucksack on the kitchen counter and pretend to get my things ready .
` ` movies like that are n't really my thing .
she would clean it more thoroughly and wrap it later , right now hiding it from her mom was the most important thing .
we have today to work on one final thing and then we must return home .
the wood gives in and the next thing i can see is me getting closer and closer to elizabeth .
and it is for such an unimportant thing , that they punish us .
there 's just one thing i know for sure , this is a colossal place that would make the most powerful person in the world look ridiculous .
` ` now the only thing i remember is the song that was playing . ''
` ` that must come from you , but the one thing i know you need to do , is unpack .
the next thing i knew , my entire body had been besieged by a blinding fear .
all things considered , it probably would nt be the wisest thing right now to slight either of the riversides .
chloes voice was nt the only thing shaky .
it seemed everyone around town had the same thing on their minds their fate .
the next thing i knew , i felt a hand firmly grasp my shoulder .
however , the next thing i knew , my entire body felt like a frigid block of ice for some unknown reason , and my heart seemed frighteningly black .
the next thing i knew , a growing shadow was approaching the end of the sofa where i was hiding .
ms . sutherland stood there pleading for my forgiveness , but that was the last thing on my mind .
i d heard a soft tap , and the next thing i knew , ms . sutherland was guiding my hands towards the center of the table .
the next thing i knew , ty was lowering me into a long , sultry dip .
i was about to run after you , and the next thing i knew , his fist was planted in the left side of my face .
the next thing i knew , a strange light was flickering under my chin .
one thing was certain : if mike or the fog monster did nt kill me , mother nature would surely finish the job !
the next thing i knew , the smartass in me had taken over and out came , well , it is my birthday i thought i d give myself a present this year .
honestly , mikes safety was the last thing on my mind .
one more thing , he remarked gruffly .
the next thing i knew , he had grabbed a hold of my arm and hurled me over his head .
next thing we knew , my mothers cadillac was pulling up to the house .
one more thing i have to worry about , i grumbled as i tucked my sunglasses inside my purse .
what sounded like utter gibberish exploded passionately from his mouth and the next thing we knew , the creepy drifter was driving the sharp tip of the blade deep into his hand .
granted , you re still very green and have a lot to learn , but that s one less thing i have to worry about .
the next thing i knew , an unexpected twinge of anxiety prickled the back of my neck .
one thing was for sure i had to find tanner .
however , i was sure of one thing from the moment he led me onto the dance floor , i knew exactly where i wanted to bein his arms .
the next thing i knew , the officer had grabbed my wrist and whirled my disbelieving frame around , slamming me into the wall beside the elevator .
you re a lively little thing , he remarked and then yanked me out of the chair .
the next thing i knew , i felt the tumbled stone release from my hand , and i watched it hit the floor as i helplessly lost all consciousness .
the next thing i knew , the sound of tanner greys voice calling out my name , over and over , flooded my mind .
the next thing i knew , tanner cried out , no , shiloh !
the next thing i knew , the absent cross - guard magically stretched out of the hilts sides like the wings of a bird , and then straightaway , the diamond wand i was clutching began to vibrate violently in my hand .
you were right about one thing , child .
the next thing i knew , my two talisman cohorts were guiding my dazed body towards the elevators .
not a thing , dear .
the next thing i knew , something was being slid onto my ring finger .
one thing was certain , the combination of the quest , the prize money , and beating justin and his friends was definitely bringing travis and dizzy closer .
the boat thing ?
it was a good thing he did nt , as the clue was hidden in the line and not on the ride .
` ` there is one thing .
and that 's the other thing i wanted to talk to you about . ''
there s one last thing .
he knew his only hope was to trap azrael in the depths of tartarus , but how he was going to manage that was another thing entirely .
i had reached the stage where i was almost pleading with stephen to take off his clothes , my hands were frantically tugging at his shirt and trousers , but the urgency of my movements had him too excited and he was in and out , spouting like a geyser and clutching me to him as if the only thing on his mind was making a baby .
there is one thing , the driver said , when he stopped the van to let me off at the finger - post .
* the one thing foremost in my mind was the desire to be an artist , to communicate , to move people , and the attempt at making love had been nothing more than a gesture , something expected of an eighteen year old who has finally escaped the confines of home .
while contentment might not be a thing which concerned a person like mccready , who had said that the choice between happiness , misery and genius was no choice at all , to griff it was becoming increasingly important .
its only a transitory thing , though .
there was no doubt that he would have , , the dirty fornicator , that had been the only thing on his mind .
it was immaterial now , though ; for the moment the only thing that mattered to virginia was the accusation .
there are three after burners for fast flying light speed , ifan you re into that kind of thing .
but tonight , eating and drinking was the last thing on anyones mind as they sat around the two tables they had pushed together near the fireplace .
the only thing of importance now was to find jonathan .
` ` one more thing , sir , '' jamie interjected , ` ` we were able to meet with mrs . gates and she promised to let us know through mr . roberts whether jonathan has been taken prisoner or not .
all it talks about are ordinary things , like his roses , but its addressed to major cane .
his kisses were the only thing she feared she might drown in , so she clung to him .
more of everything except the one thing she wantedtrees .
the seat itself was small , and occupied by a man whom he glossed over , but the throne was another thing entirely .
i mean , if you re into that sort of thing .
my eyes closed , and the next thing i knew , we were pulling into his garage .
but we wo nt let any little thing get in our way , right ?
that is perhaps the most important thing .
in the far corner , however , kotak could nt help liking what he considered to be the most curious thing of all in this room .
yet such a thing could not spoil this moment now .
please , its probably just a little thing that should nt bother you and besides , you do nt really know about me , about the women that i have met in my life .
suddenly , i hear a thump , and the next thing i know master douglas falls on top of me .
closing my eyes , i touch my locket , asking for some help with just this one thing .
oh , hey , one more thing .
that going after your dreams was the most important thing to you .
he reached for it and tossed it in the front seat like it was really no big thing .
in this whole house , in all the darkness , one thing shines brightly .
but darcy was right about one thing -- he did n't have any cat scratches on his arms like norman did .
` ` only one thing , '' said mr . marlin with a joyous smile .
the important thing is that you must be always alert .
i heard the snap of her fingers , and the next thing i knew , someone kicked my stomach .
your brother sure knows how to hide a big thing .
the last thing i wanted was some bloated discussion that was bound to lead to questions about the nature of my presence at their family dinner as well as questions about my own family .
the only thing he cared about was the subject at hand .
things were going so well between us , and the last thing i wanted was to mess that up by having her find out that i was an inhuman freak .
things were going so well between us , and the last thing i wanted was to mess that up by having her find out that i was an inhuman freak .
as i sank deeper into that depressive state , my mind wandered to the only thing that could lift my spirits .
it was true that i had fallen for her the moment i laid eyes on her , but that was not the only thing that i was hiding .
now you just walk on out and toss it back and well get this thing settled .
the only thing i was uncertain of was if i had what it took to save her .
by the way , i need one more thing !
ill take it from here- there 's one more thing , sir , he interrupted before i could end the call .
` ` a bit of an oil and water sort of thing . ''
` ` master drake said that your hair thing might be kind of a big deal . ''
pete finishes his last bite , well that s about the only thing you come close to us in .
no sir , not one thing .
jeff just knows it will all be destroyed if things continue along this path of reckless growth and consumption .
you think this might be some kinda military thing ?
things have been very emotional since my dad passed away in a car accident , and the last thing my mom needs is an ungrateful daughter .
that s the one thing they have really been strict aboutno boys , ever .
one more thing , you have to be home by midnight , she says .
i clench my phone in my hands , ready to dial 911 if i find he s been lying about the whole thing .
i almost feel sad , but losing my humanness seems like such a trivial thing in this moment when anthony is so close to me .
but one thing you do need to be aware of , ross says , glaring at me , is that darklfars can shape - shift into people you know too .
just one more thing before we leave .
every second it seems like there s another thing to worry about , another way in which i , or someone i love , will die .
alright , so the book puzzle was n't an oral thing .
it 's the most important thing to him in the world .
well one thing is for sure , you are going to have to clean up before glen get 's back .
she wondered not for the first time , if they should n't call the whole thing off .
there is one last thing , thomas .
very fetching , if you cared about that sort of thing .
eventually the door to the inn opened and closed again , and the next thing thomas knew , he was being carried downstairs .
i do n't know , he seemed a little dire about the whole thing .
not the sort of thing you would desert your wife over .
and i think it matches my thing !
he almost added , i d need to see your thing to be certain , but his manners overrode his manliness .
i could feel his warm palm in mine , and after seeing plants grow from nothing it felt like the only real thing in the world .
we love beautiful colors and physical growth and warmth as we express through flowers , among other things , he said , his voice rising with pleasure .
the other thing you should know is about the rose , he said quietly .
one thing was obvious , i needed more ammo .
i think he would keep that sort of thing quiet in marine .
and my mind immediately goes to one thing .
it is a good thing i took that break or you would be late .
i knew what he was going to come up with as the first thing to talk about .
but frotwoot began , feeling rather strongly that this whole wings thing merited just a bit more discussion .
i did nt know where they d come from , so i got scared and started to run away , but then one of them said something and there was a flash of light and next thing i knew , i was waking up in what looked like a giant birdcage .
the whole room exploded , everything went allcrazy , and then next thing i knew i was falling out of the sky and into a dumpster in chicago .
ill go , just one more thing .
surely this was the very thing you should be talking to your angel about ?
perhaps it was a girl thing , this close relationship you built with your angel .
well , you did nt sound much like you believed it yourself , for one thing !
as a police car turned into the road surrounding the green , chrissy believed she had her answer ; if there were any trouble , the police would step in to control things .
the next thing i saw was the floor and everything that s upside down .
one more thing mister , jason needed me last night because lyn broke up with him .
yeah , for one thing , i do nt see her as a girl , but what the hell , she s being a girl right now .
you re so focused on one thing that you ca nt see what s around it .
this is just a small thing , maj . why ca nt you even accept such a small thing from me ?
the only thing left to hope is that prince jaymin is still safe and that he has some sort of plan to drive the enemy out .
but the spell broke pretty fast , let me tell you , when i fumbled with my tray right as i was serving the regent , and the whole thing slipped out of my hands .
the last thing i want is to get caro in trouble since without her , my life is not worth living .
you had a thing with him did nt you ?
the only thing that is now running through my head is my cycle , maybe a pregnancy , hiv , public ridicule , life as a single mother .
not that abortion thing , is it ?
this is no same script , different cast sort of thing .
how many people find out about this is not the important thing to me .
its a cultural thing , i think .
you must understand , that dating someone is a very serious thing , and if you can not envision a life with this person , then you should not be dating them .
but there s one thing i want to do before we leave town .
you re okay now , and that s the important thing .
do nt worry about a thing .
i could nt focus on one specific thing .
the one thing chewy wanted to forget and not talk about was his mom , and yet every person he ran into either had a long face on , for his benefit it appeared , or told him how everything was going to be okay .
if shed just leave things alone , maybe with us walking over there , that guy would nt have fallen off in the first place .
then she suddenly lifted her head as if hearing a far - off voice , and added , there is one more thing though .
another thing only mu - dangs get to know , butif you want a hint ?
but you forgot one thing , kent .
his grandmother was also right about another thing .
recently , i d begun to regret never pressing my father for more information about his family , but i was only eleven when he died and most kids that age do nt think about that sort of thing .
up until now , i felt like it was my thing .
one thing i forgot to tell you before i left to come hereyou do nt need magic to be special .
next thing you know you 'll be talkin ' how long it felt when you was a - sleep all winter ! ''
i guess at was part of the thing that held my attention at first ; he was persuasive .
its an appy thing , like his striped hooves and the spots .
mostly it was a place where they could learn about handling things in life and working through stuff that bothers them .
out of the blue , your next door neighbor says he s decided his paint looks pretty shabby and he wonders if you ll help him paint his house ; he figures it would cost him about $ 2000 to hire the whole thing done , but if you help him , hell give you $ 500 .
when i was fifteen i failed an exam and after beating myself up over it for hours , nick sat me down and went over the whole thing with me .
she seemed to think putting extra sugar in things was like a spell that could make bad situations less hard on people .
by the time you were seven , your powers should have solidified on one thing but they kept shifting .
i do n't recall mom or dad talking about it , and usually they were pretty open about what jake was up to , besides the whole kinetic thing , of course .
` ` one more thing to take care of before you leave . ''
but the thing that really captured my attention as the camera frame zoomed out slowly was the red - headed girl standing off to the left .
what you like is nt the most important thing at the moment .
the most important thing is that you be properly trained .
and as to the other thing , the president asked me to get you , because we had known each other .
oh , charlotte , one more thing , she added .
its a good thing you pointed that out .
realer than real , i remember everything in such vivid detail , everything , except one thing , the most important thing .
` ` just a medical thing .
um , the whole virginity thing , are you okay about that ?
were not out on a date with those girls , its a group thing .
they re not out on a date , its a group thing .
the only thing that mattered was that he did nt make his injury worse .
i gulped and eyed james , who looked un - moved by the whole thing as he relaxed with his back against the table .
it was a good thing we did nt have it now , or else there s no way i could have snuck out .
you know , going too overboard with the whole diet thing .
i had too many things to worry about already , and my parents breathing down my neck again was the last thing i needed .
my thing is , if i do nt mess with you , then you should nt mess with me , tiffany replied in her usual joking way .
i tried to make the whole thing seem like it did nt matter , but it did .
this might end up being another thing they tease me over .
next thing you know , the strongest man on the planet just became the thousandth in order .
i do , however , taste one thing at the moment , one delectable thing .
if the first thing is on my ankle , we must be the toes ... this sounds ridiculous , but it is the only thing we have to work with .
her hair was the only thing he could see but she was helping anne .
he needed to get things straight in his head before he even approached this whole quest thing with his parents .
one more thing , royden , if you leave , you wo nt remember any of this .
there was one thing they did all appear to agree on , however .
but one thing she did know it was nt complete just yet .
panic hits me but i make myself calm down , telling myself that i m being a wuss about the whole thing .
we are meeting tomorrow morning to discuss that very thing . ''
it seemed kind of selfish to just sit back and let your kids handle the whole saving the world thing .
the only thing i was not sure about was the touchy subject of the global events shaping the world as we knew it .
it was funny because earlier we were thinking of how to set up aleister but that now was a thing of the past .
the man with the red sox cap is oblivious to the whole thing .
but i know there 's one thing my friends would never joke about .
oh , and one more thing , said the headmaster sharply .
well for one thing the bar snacks are to die for , he said , reaching for a handful of fried maggots .
i think that s the last thing you need to be worrying about right now , said cassandra , suddenly sounding very serious .
i mean , health and safety regulations would nt allow it for one thing , she added , looking round .
oh , and there s one more thing , to do with where its being built .
there was just one other thing .
hey , right , that s another thing .
going to places that he sh - shouldnt be going , poking his nose into things that are none of his businesss , and generally drawing attention to those who prefer to remain un - sss - seen and unheard .
actually , there was one thing i ve always been curious about , said broodangle .
not a thing is out of order .
that s one less thing that i have to worry about .
that leaves me a lot of time to think about things .
class , one more thing .
i was going to tell you if and when it became a sure thing .
one more thing , mr . awphel .
one more thing before we go to class , julies expression was serious as she looked into marcias face .
oh , and one more thing , mr . awphel stepped closer , until his shoulder touched hers .
and the only thing i m mixed up in is the crazy experiment that mr . awphel and mrs . mewt are doing .
one more thing , said their father .
its the most important thing .
now that i think about it , things might get kind of boring focusing on one area for a whole week .
she organized the whole thing .
surely , you re not going to make a fuss over some license thing .
is there one thing in this world you enjoy doing more than anything else ?
he asked , in an offhand way , as if it was an afterthought , oh , one last thing mr . johnson , how was that book you were reading ?
he was worried about losing the whole thing so i reassured him with a light laugh , as i opened the car door and got out .
we were going to bring him to our bench in the park and lay the whole thing out .
but i m going to tell you , not a thing is gon na be worth shit if you fuck up and think of using me as a bargaining chip , understand ?
like clockwork , the first thing on the agenda was the video .
there is however , one thing i would like to ask of you . ''
i did n't know you 're into that kind of thing . ''
i questioned things like why this had happened in the first place and what my role was .
well , i mean , next thing you know they 'll all want to sit down .
had i been rationalizing the whole thing , excusing the profits i was potentially going to make because looking at the big picture we would be helping people in the end ?
the whole thing was slipping out of my control .
it pushed the whole thing into a whole new realm for her , a realm that she was understandably reluctant to enter .
` ` just one more thing , '' and with this admission ikenna looked as upset as somadina had seen him in many years .
but it also meant she had a difficult decision to now make and with all else that was going on in her life , she felt frustrated that she had failed to give this one thing , this one very important thing in fact , the time and attention that it warranted .
but it also meant she had a difficult decision to now make and with all else that was going on in her life , she felt frustrated that she had failed to give this one thing , this one very important thing in fact , the time and attention that it warranted .
if i 'd given the whole thing a little more time i think i 'd have been just fine . ''
zane was both open and closed , anxious to talk to her , but reticent and fearful about a thing or two as well .
he , her father , would finally feel the burn of remorse , as he realized that thanks to his disdain for her , his lack of love shown to her , she had finally gotten even by costing him one thing that he had not counted on .
lola secured nwanyi 's documents with her own , then took a few more things out of her own bag to make room as she crammed all the lilac material inside it and with a big friendly smile on her face headed with her bag to the restroom .
but a big thing .
it was kind of her thing .
but just keep one thing in mind : whoever shot hilario miguel is still out there .
i did not love him , though i was drawn to his power , knowing that he could give me everything i would ever need except for one thing .
he had asked me to second chair that case because i d done some work with the aclu before , but i ended up taking over the damn thing after he took ill . well , everyone was impressed with how you put your personal feelings aside and defended that racist assholes constitutional rights .
connie , you ve done real well , but and one more thing .
i want to hear from all parties about scheduling a pre - trial conference by five oclock the day after tomorrow so we can get this thing on the docket .
any word on that other thing ?
i ve got so many things that need fixing and looking after on that big ol place .
in my opinion , this is the most important thing .
we ve sorted this thing out !
one more thing : people need to dream .
i was feeling very nervous about the whole thing as i got dressed .
oh kate , one more thing , i said , jason , my boss , um , he asked me to try to get some new landscaping jobs on my own .
sean explained the whole thing to a police psychologist and his parents decided to charge mike in court .
oh the mayhem thing ?
he glanced at his boss who seemed to be rather indifferent to the whole thing .
the thing i do nt get still iswhat does axelrod have to gain by dealing with the russians and the liristanis ?
one thing though . ''
` ` this sounds like a family thing and i do n't like to get involved in family messes , '' jack said .
` ` the important thing is that no one will find you there .
` ` one thing before i go ? ''
one more thing , sergei said .
one more thing , pierre said .
` ` one more thing to discuss . ''
i would nt have a dolt for a daughter , for one thing .
ah , and one last thing , the chapters each begin with a letter , spelling out time before the wolf .
one more thing , charlotte added .
it was a warm april day for one thing , and he was happy about going in to work .
you lot should focus on the brain stuff and leave this sort of thing to me .
the next thing jtan registered was a voice .
he goes on to describe exactly what sort of tent has to be made to store the ark of the covenant in , and then gets to work with the entire burning bush thing .
i m not averse to changing my mind over the killing thing .
luckily , i am versed in herbs and there was a batch of antidote in my things .
all those scum suckers did was write sensational headlines to get everyone worked up and freaking out and then , job done , they d move on to the next thing , whatever that was .
a call to melboxs auditors should sort this thing out .
mel , just keep one thing in mind : if something goes wrong , i m not going to be there to hold your hand , got it ?
just need to check one more thing .
that was the only thing i was worried about .
you re just shy and sweet and you take your time with things .
mine were already done and my things were neatly in their place .
we just have to take one thing at a time , jason added .
there is one other thing though , bob pointed out .
it rose up quite a ruckus with my mom , but my grandmother was surprisingly knowledgeable about the whole thing .
this was some of the most exciting times in her life , she was sure she could of explained the parallel world to her mom , she would have been cool with the whole thing .
selah opened up to him then telling him how she loved this place she had found , she showed him the beginning of her power how she manipulated things to her advantage , wishing he was aware and able to share in her new world , if he could of then everything would of just fit .
peter left the bedroom and closed the door softly , he worked out a plan in his mind on how he would try to help them out , he knew one thing she needed danieleven if she was just too pigheaded to see it , it was nt over until the fat lady sang he thought as he got downstairs he saw jacob getting ready for school is she coming down dad , i m going to be late if she does nt hurry .
the past few days had left him with a deep weltering hole inside him , he did everything he could think of to keep busy , but the badminton thing had been a big no - no .
he kicked it up a notch and began singing a song with a faster tempo next thing she knew he just literally dropped himself into the crowd .
he was lifted by the crowd , when the next thing the girls knew he was passing on top of them selah reached out and helped push him along while he kept singing , she managed to grab his very firm derriere and mia had his leg .
the bring light was gone and the room was as she left it , except for one thing , daniel was alone she glanced into the private washroom attached to the room wondering if she was inside , but she was no - where to be found .
then when i saw you , and you were still asleep i began to cry and just held you and the next thing i knew you were talking and that s what happened , that s all , i had to come get you your mom is a mess , and dad and jacob missed you and most of all daniel i need you and missed you and i love you , so do nt be mad i found you and i m gon na bring you home and everything will be back as it was and we can be together , ok , i love you , and if i had to do it all over again i would , just like i know you would do it for me if the roles were reversed .
and the fault thing was one of the conversations he most frequently had with her !
you start reporting that sort of stuff in the local paper and next thing you know you ll be writing about the infant sons eventual guilt complex ; or his nightmares , with rita showing up on her skeleton feet !
and next thing i knew , i was kneeling on the wreck .
the thing that had really held her attention through all this chaos was the captured mintie .
because for one thing , some beginnings are unbearably beautiful !
the tiger moth was the major thing : sailing past , cutting the air like a huge , blunt sword , with johnathon cranna looking down at me .
that s one thing i know .
is that your space thing ?
it lay before us a simple thing , but a thing of secrets .
it lay before us a simple thing , but a thing of secrets .
he takes medication for that kind of thing .
but the important thing today was that she was still in town .
your sainted father the reverend would nt have dismissed such a thing so lightly i do nt think !
bein mayor o this towns the most important thing in the world to that ol bloke an she s got no right to .
but its not the thing that s in the front o me mind right now .
which , of course , is the really important thing !
not a thing , he said .
so that s one less thing for her to worry about .
that s the space thing , i explained to bridie .
and first thing you know .
he tries to steady his mind , as he creeps along with the boy on his shoulder , by forcing his attention onto normal things ; farm jobs .
and there s one other thing alf has to consider .
for gods sake , arnold , surely you can deal with a little thing like that on your own , ca nt you ?
so then ... can i remind you of the bigger thing you talked about before ?
everybodys got their place , we all have our place in the great flow of things ; we just have to allow ourselves to be pulled there .
their individual sessions were short , and tom had tried to spice things up with confrontations , raising existential guilt and promising a different life .
the important thing is that they see you looking , and you ca nt be afraid to ask for help , ask for help with anything .
you got just one thing to take care of , and that s your addiction .
but as you lie here , just decide one thing , ask yourself this question .
one last thing , tom .
i probably ca nt do what you re asking , but the important thing for you is not to leave treatment early , and just ride this out .
in the animal world , men just do their thing and leave , they do nt even have to think about these things .
things are in control now , james thought , as he pictured the beagle at the farm .
its not a personal thing .
if they ' ve gone off somewhere , i 'll just forget the whole thing .
if she knew him , he had forgotten the whole thing , and was happily immersed in circuit boards and overload relays .
he was friendly and he had not yet done anything to earn distrust ; and that was the important thing .
my husband says you are still a god but he has changed his mind on one thing .
near the trunk of the tree , he dove , knowing that he would have to time things perfectly .
there is one thing .
gregory did nt care about children ; his career was the only thing that mattered to him .
the only thing that interested gregory was his career .
kira was only concerned about one thing : to stay with her brother , not to be parted with him .
she forgot about her career , and her family , the only thing that mattered for her was deniss love .
she was going to tell them about the baby , and denis was the last thing on her mind .
but then kira decided not to worry about such a minor thing as who the baby took after .
the thought of his beloved granny on the table of a pathologist in the morgue was sickening , but he put it out of his mind and tried to concentrate on one thing at a time going to the hospital .
the most important thing was to decide what to do about tatyana petrovna .
he could spoil the whole thing .
zhenya , he went on , you must remember one thing , you never saw marina after the two of you were in moscow , in june .
one thing is clear , vadim thought , gran tanya must have poked a stick into a wasps nest when she visited kira in her dressing room at the theatre .
one thing still troubled me , though .
and the other thing was and the piloting maneuver into the pentagon .
the other thing is the piloting .
the one thing i could nt work on was what i should have been working on , the brokerage deal .
i knew they knew and everyone knew and that made the whole thing harder .
it seemed strange but at the same time a relief as there was one less thing to feel guilty about .
the important thing is the spiritual life , the connection to the transcendental ; all the rest is ephemeral .
then scot and chip called another meeting to see if we could iron things out and we met at the same steak place but their demeanor was different .
karina and i had a coffee together and we arranged for the cleaning lady to come by the next day to pick up the kitchen things .
there was a project you sent to misha several years back before the financial crisis and we took a serious look at it and were very enthusiastic about pursuing it further ; however , one thing stood in our way .
but honestly , this guy acts like a loner , someone intensely upset with my success , so it must be a personal thing .
i actually wondered about that myself , but kyle did not seem eager to confront me about the whole thing , which is true to his nature .
however , he was praying with the rest of them that nothing would happen tonight that would cause any more pain and suffering over what was , in his view , a pretty trivial thing .
i think i will let you out here but i want to do one thing though , and she leaned over and pulled me to her and kissed me on the lips .
alright i know that it is a small thing , but it is important to me as a symbol of my girlhood , things that are trivial to a lot of people are important to me .
alright i know that it is a small thing , but it is important to me as a symbol of my girlhood , things that are trivial to a lot of people are important to me .
i do n't think you have a thing to worry about .
i would love to live here and not have a thing to worry about , but i guess that even a flower patch full of beautiful flowers had its bugs .
the only thing i was concerned about was that i was going to have to go back to being dennis this afternoon and i did n't want to .
well yes , lets not discuss the tree thing .
there s a lot to talk about , but there s just one thing i ve got to ask you first pearl said as she lightly stroked his cheek with her fingers .
connecting to spirits is a personal thing .
was it the money thing coming to the fore again ?
restoration seemed to be a continually ongoing thing and the money that he paid to enter the complex of temples , hopefully was contributing to their maintenance .
to be one with a places spirits is a personal thing and they alone .
he had forgotten about that sort of thing and just wanted the city and its confines to come to him and enjoy it all , taking in its reverence and charm .
maybe that was it , time and a travel schedule thing was ambushing the spirits .
thinking that after this trip , going somewhere else for a month or two as a refresher and place to think about things , and chang mai in thailand comes to mind .
one thing is certain , she said , and now assuming an ironic tone , desire can not offer fulfillment .
the luxurious privilege of gotamas birth had accustomed him , as a young adult , to considering the means of this ease as the most important thing .
i always thought the brides parents handled that sort of thing .
the next thing you know , shell be marching with the suffragettes .
it d be best if you stay here and take care of things at the plant .
mrs . parker sighed and then said , mr . randall gets annoyed with me when we discuss this sort of thing .
i suppose that s the important thing for a child .
well one thing for sure , those old photographs of mine get burned .
what s your thing ?
remember the last thing we spoke about ?
you come and see me first thing in the morning !
first thing !
as the trees loomed thicker around them , their minds wandered to more interesting things than finding a dumb dog .
some things never change , poncey thought , knowing that if town officials put kent in front of a thing , they thought it was important .
whole damn thing .
well , for one thing , you re my friend , and its your birthday , said suk - chul .
dr . greco , i ventured , i am curious about one thing .
we had tried to prepare as best we could but apparently she had nt quite understood the whole concert etiquette thing entirely .
next thing i know , were leaving the restaurant , they drop me off at my house and drive off , i start to walk up the steps to my town house and that s the last thing i remember until i wake up with this cut on my head and a monster headache .
there was one thing of which i was completely convinced .
so often i have considered just forgetting the whole thing and coming home just so i could see you .
the involvement of the three american students only made it more probable that this whole thing would reach the press and ultimately the ears of amys superiors back home .
honey , this whole thing is expensive , you know ?
teddie looked closer , and the next thing she knew she was standing in the middle of the tea field , examining the beautiful green tea leaves up close and personal .
the constant monitoring and need to stay in groups was one more thing that she had nt considered before she left for india .
there is another thing , amy said evenly .
she was impatient enough with the whole thing that she seriously considered shaking them both until they woke up .
this is nt a little thing .
it was one thing to have the vague knowledge that her best friend might be enduring sex with strangers she despised .
things went smoothly as they climbed up out of the salmon canyon heading toward the high plateau that held new meadows .
the animals were all fed and put out to pasture when the adults got things going in the kitchen .
oh , this little thing .
the last thing i want you to remember while you lead the ewing commission is that the old united states was looted purposely by american criminals .
the next thing i knew the convention hall was a madhouse .
the interior department would become a catch - all bureau for all things internal in the country ; national parks , national forests , wildlife refugees , and internal transportation would all fall under interior .
ed loaded on , now the only thing i m here to discuss is how fast your sorry asses can get out of my country .
but i think there s one thing you need to do when you get back to cheyenne and report to the president , ed said .
we do nt discuss this kind of thing .
so what was this important thing you had to tell me ?
he tried to focus on one thing on any thing that was nt a screen filled with text .
he tried to focus on one thing on any thing that was nt a screen filled with text .
memory neuron morsels , with direct links to language , is one thing , tad said .
and one last thing .
for one thing , do not countermand my directives to stewart .
chapter seven the sage2 experiment was not the second thing on the docket that morning , just as the reading of the last will and testament of john andrew croftdon had not come first .
it seemed like a simple thing .
one more thing , alexis .
to be honest , its not just a cop thing .
just one more thing before i leave , she pulled out her checkbook and placed it in her purse .
well , for one thing , you ll be giving the orders .
the other thing that you need to know is that soon , there will now be a district manager .
the only thing that matters me : passing the transition moment from alive to death as possible as quick .
the most important thing is analyzing the connection between life and those damned holy personalities in your minds , that have potential to create them again at any time .
there is no other thing taking me attention .
only one thing but its a very important thing .
i have only one thing in my mind : of course , metin the carom where is he ?
someone decided on this , someone came , someone painted , someone gave you something , someone loved , someone was loved the important thing was you came here .
and one last thing we discussed is your energy level .
as for that other thing , that akaesman thing , i do nt know any doctors or lawyers to help you with that .
i left that s - s - sort of thing to jim .
and once akaesman leaves you , things will return to normal .
it might be part of the hidden secrets but not the whole thing .
one thing we do know is that your soul is definitely connected to what we are looking for , but we need to be more careful .
as they made their way to the work room after breakfast , clay said to shali , until we get these documents copied , the most important thing is to ensure the writings are secure .
there s one thing that s been on my mind about the prophecy .
anyway , the important thing is you must wear these rings and carry this stone from now on .
next thing you know ill be seeing angels .
i sure hope we can get this thing settled .
do nt you worry about a thing .
we do the same except , as you will soon learn , it is much more than handling one thing at a time .
we , as you will , can be in different places at the same time , and , at the same time , be working on other things as you would when waxing your car .
yeah , except for one thing , she pointed to a hand dug hole , about three feet deep and three feet long , next to the old sheet piling .
` ` one thing before we go , '' he said .
bartlesby exclaimed , ` ` there is one more thing . ''
one thing was certain : it was nt a picture that would ever find its way onto a calendar .
there s one other thing .
one more thing , moncoeur said , his eyes still shut .
wall street does nt let a little thing like murder or exploitation get in the way of making money .
one thing for sure : duval had nt heard the last of him .
there s one thing ...
all well and good , val admitted to himself , but , as paul larson had so succinctly put it , wall street would nt let a little thing like murder or exploitation come between it and a profit .
we wondered the same thing , but inspector boniface thinks we need more evidence before we can show our hand , or we take the chance that he shuts up shop and we never get to him .
oh , but there was one thing .
the very first thing that puzzled me was the way the man called dee , diane fraser .
he had to use non - magnetic pliers when making or disarming bombs , as lots of wires and bomb components would become magnetised during assembly and the last thing you wanted to do was to attract the wrong wire to your pliers .
by the way , they sold most of your belongings , too , but there was one thing they thought you might want to keep .
if he was meeting someone , it was a private thing .
one more thing , finch said , putting his cup down next to his sleeping cat .
now my hands rose and gripped the top of her arms , and i felt that i could take one more step and pull her towards me and kiss her and something would break between us and things would return to a sensible balance .
its a business thing .
i think it was a money thing in the end .
peggy had heard the whole thing from her station in the hall and was stifling her laughter .
it was not the cacophony , yes that was the word , of the city folk all hurried and tense at lunchtime as they rushed to eat , force conversation upon their neighbors and get to their next thing .
rob said it , that was a close thing then .
he said it was a close thing .
the only thing she was sternly focused on was rubbing her pink fingernails over a nail file .
that was the main thing , if an airtight guard could be put around lincoln and grant before naylor struck .
one thing you can be damned sure of , hooker will try to dress this up .
jesus christ , that s another thing .
that was the only thing that really mattered .
there s one more thing we have to do .
but he sure seemed edgy about the whole thing , and he wondered why .
as he and frank headed off , greg thought of one more thing and called back to them .
i figured you might as well get it all over with as quick as possible sos they can wrap this thing up and go home .
oh , just one more thing ; the car that you just hired out was nt booked by our sister company douglas protection services in the isle of man , by any chance ?
gillian knew she should report the incident to her parents , but they were not the type of people with whom she felt able to discuss this sort of thing .
there was , however , one more thing he could do to protect his niece .
his methodology was foolproof except for one thing ; an idiot irishman whom the client assured mac was an explosives expert .
tell me , barry , what was the last thing we discussed in this office ?
however , one thing is certain ; she has never been caught .
in this sleepy area , things seemed to always remain the same , even as the city grew at an unprecedented rate .
the price of even the slightest thing going wrong was the extermination of everyone you knew , of everything you held precious .
anne smiled as she heard daisy in the background giving orders and skillfully guiding the movers so that her things were in the right place .
one thing was for sure , she could never live with herself if it were her fault he lost his job .
there s another thing .
what frankie assumed was a simple job of witness surveillance and protection was starting to look a lot more like a personal thing for her boss .
it seemed like a long , long time ago when shed packed up her things and moved to the country for some privacy , peace and quiet .
one more thing , hansen .
renato handled the whole thing .
i do n't need to have stuff like this art thing aggravating me .
` ` one other thing you might be interested in , shorty continued .
maybe i should have known , but i was going through a learning curve with this art thing .
one more thing , was bowers involved in any of the investigation on bilotti 's killing ? ''
` ` the only thing we want to know is who hired you , and where you off - loaded the art collection . ''
` ` there was one thing .
shrugging my shoulders at the question , i said , ` ` anastasio 's right about one thing , j.l . , we do not want to be late for this meeting . ''
we can go over this whole thing .
the next scheduled meeting with gino anastasio was the last thing entered in the file .
they do a good job with this sort of thing .
` ` there is one thing you could help me with , joseph .
this was the first thing we had agreed on all week , maybe all month .
stop , you re making a big thing out of nothing .
one more thing , we have nt seen another car on this road , not one .
not that things ever were , really , but when none of the crisis around the world had a direct or major new impact on either country , then weekly was usually enough to keep the special relationship in the public consciousness .
one thing i shall insist upon , continued the pm , is that there shall be nothing , repeat nothing , in writing about this issue .
there s just one thing which we should perhaps do before we settle , and that , if you agree , is to start organising my trip to the states .
but their agreement is essential to the whole thing - without it , no political solution along the lines you suggest can even be contemplated .
my instructions are to brief you on exactly the same areas that they will be covering , - he nodded ahead of them - so that if they need to talk things over with us , either together or separately , well all know what were talking about .
there s one thing that wo nt have escaped you , colin , and that is that we must synchronise the anti - terrorism work very closely with all that needs to be done on the political front , and complete both with the utmost speed .
there s one other thing , too , said the president .
you may like to consider things like dual nationality , and parliamentary representation in both countries for a period of time .
oh , and one other thing , said the general .
this whole thing will need the most careful handling publicly .
combat training within the regiment is one thing , but now its high time the cat got away from behind a desk and did something practical again .
from the cats point of view , the important thing was that the irish government had agreed to this little operation , and arranged for their version of special branch , dressed up as workmen , to close the only public road within miles .
but bill clayton had a nagging un - ease about the whole thing .
the odd thing about it in particular is that the ira does nt usually leave people who they have assassinated lying about , which is what we had assumed had happened to poor sean .
for one thing , the people of northern ireland will have in place a third party as their sovereign power which should be acceptable to both parts of the community , whereas at present the uk is unacceptable to one part , while union with the south would be unacceptable to the other .
so far , though , the whole thing remains a complete mystery , and vaughan seems , at the moment , to be beyond reproach .
there was one thing i wanted to ask while i am here , prime minister , said clayton .
i knew he was bringing the list with him , but it was hardly the sort of thing he could hand over openly in front of all his colleagues .
as for joining the brotherhood , i m not so sure ; if i m honest i can not be bothered with it all ; the big thing for me is the influence they have over each other , it is oppressive and unhealthy , to me anyway .
he grins at me in acknowledgement of the flattery , invites me to sit around the dining room table and offers me a coffee ; i want to get on with things , but i accept , it seems like the right thing to do .
zaqaria returned to his seat in an attempt to look nonchalant about the whole thing and the guard returned davids papers without saying a word ; then signalled to the guardhouse to raise the barrier .
zaqaria continued to amuse himself about the whole thing as david continued to look out the window ; they hit the desert road and accelerated away from check point and onwards towards beirut .
before my eyelids call it an afternoon , the last thing i see is the bizarre image of the beautiful elena standing over me with a rope in her hand .
one thing is clear : the promise my life once had has now evaporated because of an i d card .
the cordon was the only thing over which he had control .
he looked back through the camera , honing in on the faintly rising chest , the only thing now driving him on .
that s the most important thing to keep sight of , that a knock came at the door and a head peeped in .
now he s made his point , he might just ignore the whole thing and continue with his own campaign .
i ve been working on pretty much the same thing now for over eighteen months .
one thing was for sure : he no longer had center stage .
really , the last thing on my mind now is my own safety .
letting her know we care is the most important thing to us .
he called and asked if i could come by , see how things are going , '' dick replies as sugar tries to lick us through his open window .
one thing for sure , it 's hard to keep a young man from poking fun .
` ` my name is jim and this sensitive thing is gary . ''
thoughts can be in abundance in a terrifying situation such as this , but in the end the only thing that matters to us all is , we get out alive .
and the baby it was the last thing i wanted to talk about .
okay then , lets solve this thing .
just stick with me , sol , and well have this thing solved by the time summer traffic picks up .
they are an arms length from one another , but he is the last thing on her mind now .
adam wants to pretend it never happened , and kats the only thing standing between you and a bullet that s had your name on it since the day you was born .
the whole thing with diggs there was barely room to breathe between us , but he moved closer .
joe ashmont told me you re the only thing standing between me and a bullet , i said .
someone saner might have just let the whole thing go , but i knew i could nt .
among the many things taught to him about the art , the chief seems to be most proud of one thing - the big lie .
days later kayden was found dead with his thing cut off .
oh one more thing , where can you get an internet connection here ?
i killed him and cut off his thing to fit with how our abuser often threatened us .
i told her the important thing was that i was doing what i wanted to do and that usually was the ticket to success .
they did n't have much time for me and i did n't like them much , but one thing i did learn was how to wine and dine the rich and powerful and , most importantly , gain their confidence . ''
` ` i 'd suggest you forget the whole thing .
` ` oh , there 's one little thing .
` ` listen , stan , tomlinson said , bird and i will be going back to dallas tomorrow afternoon and we 'd like to meet with you first thing monday morning to finalize a couple of things . ''
` ` oh , there is just one thing i guess we need to cover though before you leave .
rebekah seemed a little unsettled about the whole thing .
this kind of thing is n't something you talk about over the phone .
` ` okay , one last thing , what are you going to tell your client ? ''
` ` one more thing jane .
now if i told you that i d probably have to shoot you , he said laughing , just something to do with my transfer , no big thing , ill be in the office first thing though , another beer ?
the big thing seems to be is there a tie in with wei ?
judy was the first soft thing in my life , if you know what i mean .
i think we should not be discussing the thing at all tomorrowill make a point of talking to davidyou agree with that ?
please get up and tie your ankles to the chair legs tony ... ... i really do nt want to have to hurt you again over such a minor thing .
` ` one thing ok ? ''
next thing we know all - charges dropped .
you may help his body , his mind is another thing altogether .
but , there is one thing that may spoil my plans , something that has been nagging at me since we got here .
i do nt know what s going on , but something ai nt right , chad said , he was talking extremely fast.ivan almost did not know what to do , but decided that talking about whatever it was that was wigging chad out , was the best way to go about that whole thing .
first thing is first , who changed kurt ?
and that , is when the dinner party that night stopped being the only thing talked about in riverwolf pass .
to keep herself from going crazy , she had to check up on one thing .
for one thing , we need access to his diary , to be able to plan ahead for any visits he may have in mind .
but he is getting increasingly frustrated , what with one thing and another , so i want you all to look for any signs of this surfacing .
barclay was relieved at this , since the last thing he wanted was to spend any undue amount of time in that hot , dusty place .
one thing bothers me , said nick .
what i mean is , nick blundered on , we do seem to get on quite well together , and i m quite good at train sets and that sort of thing .
there is one other thing we need to do before we formally announce your death , and that is to tell a chosen few that you are , in fact , alive and well .
the one thing which did catch me off guard was her statement that hanna had been driving her car the night he was killed .
they were the typical international press one finds in places like kosovo , superficially knowledgeable , well educated in theories , articulate and extremely opinionated about things outside their personal experience .
yes , it was a onetime thing .
the real issue was that ambassadors and diplomats everywhere hate to have things like this connect to them as it upsets their apple cart with no benefit to their own interests .
and next thing you know they re saying you became the gwa champion because you slept your way to the top .
one other thing , joey , duke said as he stood at the doorway .
if you ask me , i think you should consider dropping this whole ftg thing .
since this was a squash , jumbo would be calling the whole thing .
anonymous a thing about it .
the whole thing is fixedeveryone knows that . ''
monson observed , but did not comment , that it was probably a good thing mr . gatt had not been drinking at that moment , as something would have come flying out of his nose .
` ` do n't you worry about a thing . ''
it 's probably a little thing like a flat tyre in that jeep of yours and your mum is tucked behind a hill out of mobile phone range . ''
you do nt go for that sort of thing , do you ?
have you heard of any gossip regarding such a thing ?
besides , he never drank during ramadan , and that was the important thing .
i m sure that is not the most important thing on sallys mind right now , replied preston , walking up the stairs and beckoning carlos to follow him .
one thing , i must ask that you keep this to yourself for the time being .
i think the best part , the thing which made the most difference , was that it was ultimately up to us , and not the government , to fix things .
but the only thing that concerns me today is catching these assholes .
this thing with me and you works out well ask that polish fuck of an attorney to take a look at things .
i want text messages , pictures , emails accessed , incoming , outgoing , the whole thing briggs .
she did nt know if she would tell him anything more , but the important thing was getting him to steal his moms car and to get his ass to root 5 bar .
the bricks are all bright orange and unlike the tudors they decided to nail the beams on last thing , to complement the georgian windows .
one thing was sure : it would throw a nuclear curveball into the ecosystem of the city , and its organic onward marches the decades - slow trudge to prosperity of the working class along the radial arm flung out from st pauls , and the downward movement at the other end , the crust on its uppers giving petulant way to the aspirant middle class .
its a minor thing .
in a quiet voice , he asked , shelby , i want to ask you about another thing .
maybe he was going to let the whole cliff thing drop .
maybe if i apologized he d forget about the whole underwear thing .
the games were in two days , but i only cared about one thing .
it was one of the many things he d done to get me excited about his spy venture , but i do nt think i d ever looked through the whole thing .
now dinkys bowing out , like a courtier , without turning his back on tony : ill email tomorrow , first thing .
the one thing he s thinking about now is the offer of a lifetime ; the bright , young man offering his own lifetime , just like that .
look , one other thing .
yes , there was one other thing .
i m really confused about one thing .
just one thing , i laid a set of fresh sheets on the bed .
i know what you re talking about , sir , but you forgot one thing .
one very important thing held fast in both of their minds- mike had them boxed in .
one thing was certain , neither of them would run for re - election .
everything was complete except for one thing .
the last thing he needed was for it to start playing that ridiculous song which indicated that someone was calling him .
everyone has their own little booth with whatever junk they re trying to sell , and there s all these seminars that are hosted by so - called experts on one thing or another .
well , for one thing , dennis said , gesturing with a finger , i have nt told sam about elspeth yet .
well , that was one thing he could deal with , then .
oh , one thing , though , he said , holding out a hand .
he deals with this kind of thing all the time .
if he did wind up writing about this , dennis thought to himself , he d have to change things so that their final overture took place at night .
he did nt seem to want anything much , really , just to talk about well , his studies and that sort of thing .
for one thing , i think i had better rig up some sort of restraints on the table .
he took several more turns around my room , occasionally muttering things like , no , that s no good too crude , for one thing , and , that would take too long .
for one thing , it would be a good place to set up a practice , for an energetic fellow like me , anyway .
one more thing , i said .
for one thing , sarah was professionally acquainted with west ; she had , in fact , worked with him .
there is one thing , though .
next thing you know ill be hauled away bodily by a tribe of marriage - starved females and torn to shreds as they fight over me .
west seems quite amused by the whole thing .
for some reason , i suspected that the thing sarah wanted to talk to me about concerned west .
well , for one thing , hobson and edward clapham - lee are plotting against me .
oh yes , i do nt deny it , the whole thing is an enormous risk .
but the thing is , tillotson continued , its pretty hard to tell for sure with these things .
well , for one thing he was a very tidy man , so that made it much easier for me .
i was a very small thing , a little spark in the blackness .
the man who stood there swaying gently was dressed in full highland regalia except for one thing .
no , i ca n't tell you where to leave it as i have n't had time to work any thing out yet and the bastards will be banging at the door at any moment .
macallister sat himself down in an armchair appearing as if he was completely relaxed about the whole thing and in no hurry to leave .
he forbids him to go anywhere near the case as if he believed macallister would immediately screw the whole thing up .
while he knows it sounds a little hypocritical he is adamant that the last thing he wants to do is hurt her so he is very careful and plans things with a lot of caution which has resulted in several successes .
one thing was certain : whatever this hollow needle mystery might be , it was not about a hollow needle !
we could solve this thing together and catch the murderer who killed your parents .
we had over - complicated the whole thing .
earlier that year , i had rented the fort through a third party , an expensive thing to do at the time but necessary to keep things quiet .
` ` please , it 's such a small thing .
he was in charge of the net , no small thing there , and now we know he was leblanc 's go - between with lupin .
it is time for you to stop being afraid , to stop being the ' armchair detective ' and to accept that , in the real world , events have conspired to place you in the centre of things .
one thing is certain however .
` ` one thing for sure : he had way more hair than you , pal . ''
but that s not the important thing now .
one thing was sure , though ; hollie was right when she said that nothing will be normal anymore because something tells me that after all this nothing , for any of us , will be the same again .
she s only a little thing .
they were irrelevant , in the great scheme of things ... what did it matter if an animal was killed when it flushed out of his hiding place a long - lost target ?
one thing to form the base , the point from which he could go on .
that was one thing he certainly would not think about for a while ; he d had enough houses on fire to last him a lifetime .
by bringing all that manpower in , we turned a tomb into a vibrant community , with everyone eager to help us solve this thing .
i watched you figure that thing out in no more than fifteen minutes .
i could n't have handled another thing like that .
we did it all , for a single chance , that we might place one of you , one of us , right at the center of all things .
the important thing is that we are not dealing with natural iridium .
that is no little thing , sir , '' denise said pointedly .
i guess that 's one big thing out of the way .
hey , maybe he just washed his hair , and ca nt do a thing with it , someone shouted from the back , which was followed by more laughter .
curfew , peace and quiet and the dark , still night had become a thing of the past .
i started to become indignant that someone would be knocking this late , then realized that bedtimes had become a thing of the past .
if it were up to him , this photo would be the very last thing he saw .
it suddenly felt like the most important thing in the world .
for most of us , such a thing may not seem like too big an issue .
` ` after this one thing , '' laurie said .
after all , is n't that the most important thing ?
the girl walks along the road , her mind on one thing .
it had been close ; the whole thing had almost fallen apart at the last minute .
he had a quick temper but one thing was for sure , whatever he may have lacked in charm , he more than made up for with loyalty .
as he read the articles and headlines in the broadsheet , one thing pleased him .
there s one more thing , added crawford .
one thing was for sure ; it was going to be one hell of a long night .
the only thing on his mind right now was getting to the roof .
when the clock struck midnight one thing was for sure .
but one thing had taken her by surprise .
so if you have the balls to kill 20 people at once go ahead , but personally i think you have the balls of a new born baby girl , silas answered with a smirk on his face , oh and tim one more thing .
no it is not the janitor thing .
jason decided to spice things up .
this is the thing that he kept separate from all of his other things .
i have millions of dollars and i can make sure that you never have to worry about a thing .
` ` such a thing could n't be avoided . ''
she tried to sound severe , but the way he leaned toward her as if her comment was the most important thing in the world , disarmed her , and her words came out with a smile .
i would totally discount her as being involved in any way , except for one thing .
one thing , mrs . gray .
it would nt solve a thing .
you should have thought this thing through .
shed been flattered that he thought she could help with his investigation , but apparently the only thing he d been investigating was her and how to get in her panties .
and that whole seduction sceneyoull cooperate because you understand that getting my job done honestly is the most important thing to me.did he believe his own drivel ?
i always thought his penchant for bizarre , grotesque violence was a hollywood kind of thing .
the other thing , the desire that was at the core of his being , was to find out what happened the day his sister died .
one thing was certain , if she got caught it would have precisely the same outcome .
she did nt let a little thing like who loved her interfere with the game , but felt the outcome was nonetheless important .
he s avoiding the meat and potatoes of this whole thing and is taking his sweet time doing so .
the only thing left to decide was bring the bed home now or after .
well you do nt have to ever take them again , and i guess that s the important thing .
we can probably get them to clean the room too ; ca nt be a sexual thing , unless they really want to .
why s it got to be a race thing ?
but trust me there s a lot more things in this place to worry about than me lighting a piece of paper on fire .
before you get to work there was one other thing .
oh and one more thing , can you spare any of that stinky weed ?
baffled as to what to do with this newfound information , we now knew one thing with certaintyjack was in real danger .
tommy exclaimed , a little too cheerfully for first thing in the morning .
i needed one thing happiness .
there s one other thing , he said .
i was not really sure what my thing was .
the third thing i wanted to bring to your attention is a particular call .
you do nt have to worry about a thing .
who knows , maybe he s into this sort of thing , in which case , it would be wrong for us to interfere .
it was a good thing it did nt have antlers or else it would have peeled the top off the car like a jagged can opener .
jack , one more thing have a nice life .
much like these things , i was always seeking my natural place .
wait , there is one more thing .
well , hopefully , there is one other thing .
one last thing , her mother said , your insurance agent visited me the other day .
the last thing that he wanted was that the light rubber boat would get caught in one of the propellers when lifting off .
in a way it is a good thing that they have shot him , replied stratford merciless .
one thing is certain on a remote us naval base : you get pampered .
he is not the type of man who leaves things to chance .
the important thing is that those works of art have been made and that we have all the knowledge around the mona lisa stored safely for our children and siblings .
and that looks like a really big thing .
no , they did not have a thing going on .
but one thing is sure , there is help from inside .
she raised but pieter remembered to ask one more thing : did ian call you this morning ?
you want him in on this , he needs to know the whole thing .
you put us in bed with these people , you risk losing the whole thing .
grant and martin were right about one thing , at least .
that s one thing you ll learn , cherry .
there s just one thing that worries me .
first thing ?
decoratings your thing .
i m talking about like the whole marriage and kids thing .
hell of a thing .
oh yeah , and one more thing .
as long as i ve known you , this is the only thing you ever talked about .
well , things go as expected , the government will declare martial law , suspend civil liberties , and try to root out the vast rightwing conspiracy that liberals keep mistaking the american people for .
forty - three well , for one thing , you re martins brother .
well , for one thing , why the hell did you just fork out a small fortune for those forgeries ?
this last thing was not helped by a horrible smell of a combination of a cesspit and a rubbish tip , which almost made him choke .
it had been the last thing on his mind before he slept , and the first thing in his heart when he 'd woken .
that , too , was a thing of another space , another kind of space .
cruise ship thing .
the only thing i was asked to look at by harold didrickson , with chris oakes approval , was the stock options , '' she said .
i heard her laugh as i hung up the phone and it felt good to take one thing off my list of mental notes .
just the idea of making a will creeped him out so badly , we dropped the whole thing .
one more thing , said raja .
the whole thing had started with randall and clarice hope .
another thing i ve been meaning to ask , did you ever find out who owned the estate where the governor had his party ?
he accepted his place in the scheme of things .
i wanted to forget the whole thing and turn back around , but then someone grunted from behind the counter .
the only thing i m worried about is whether or not blue told him anything .
i d spent most of my time at raves and after - parties after dianne died , and i was sort out of the loop of the whole outdoor - adventure thing .
her peripheral vision snatched random bits of informationnearing policia , a gathering traffic jam on the calle alcala behind the bmw , a bloody hand with bent fingers protruding from beneath the carbut all of these things were simply recorded and filed away .
and one more thing , the baron added .
utilizing astrological signs as designations is one thing , veronique said , her voice dubious .
its a guy thing .
to those nearby who were watching , and listening , it appeared that the most important thing in the world to jerry , was to find the right hairdresser .
another thing i do nt understand is why violetta begged him to see the love in her heart , after he d treated her like crap .
the last thing we need is for him to know that were onto him , not when were this close .
dylan , weary from the mornings extracurricular activities with ethan , and heartsick about his role in the whole thing , did nt bother to hide his aggravation .
she was so sweet to him after his ordeal in the woods , and now , unless he made a supreme effort to think about other things , all he could think about was maria .
when the screen jumped from sleep mode there was only one thing to ponder .
anyway , daniels welfare is the most important thing on my mind at present .
now the killing had become a personal thing with him ; it was now kill or be killed .
it was a good thing he went into the jungle when he did or he may have been killed by friendly fire ( our own military ) .
the most important thing to him was that he did nt want to kill a lot of innocent women and children .
although doug did nt get the satisfaction of seeing or hearing the outcome of his final attack he had a huge smile on his face as the last thing he saw was the motor home hitting its target .
after declaring that that was the goddam last straw and apparently the only thing you could find worthy of undivided attention came printed on goddam computer paper and she was goddam sick of itwhich she demonstrated the next day by slamming the door on her way out .
it was n't my thing really , which the man surely knew .
i knew one thing , though : if interest rates headed down , raising the value of those presold obligations , he 'd be forced to cover awesome losses .
next thing you know , another outfit that will remain nameless here came along and infringed on the patent , saying ' sue us'which he began trying to do .
one thing was sure : japan was like a magical onion , with layers to be peeled away slowly .
monday , however , he had only one thing on his mind : how to keep the u.s . monetary system from going belly up .
but he thought threats such as that were very impolite and he was hoping he could find time to straighten the whole thing out .
one thing 's for sure , thoughthis is big . ''
one thing , though , we could maybe try and scare 'em off with a little brushfire . ''
one thing , he 'd helped noda recruit her .
well , except for one thing .
next thing i knew , the heavy fumes around my ankles detonated .
main thing is , if something makes sense , do n't do it .
in spite of my own nap i still felt like hell , so i dragged myself up , stretched , wandered around the office , drank some more green tea , and inquired of jim bob how things seemed to be proceeding .
the last thing on her mind , apparently , was us .
` ` oh , by the way , bill , one last thing . ''
it may well be a terrible thing even to consider , but i must know your view .
well , he had some pressing business of his own , but the first thing was to try and find her .
first thing this morning , still recovering from last night 's encounter , they had shared a pot of english breakfast , and then she 'd gone back to work on the translation of the protocol .
however , one thing was certain : the security guard was n't fooled for an instant by the intruder .
one thing was sure : tanzan mino was as sharp as all the rumors said .
one thing was sure , though : it was n't built with comfort in mind .
after that , we will know nothing about- '' ` ` one other thing , '' he interjected , ` ` i want it fueled with liquid hydrogen . ''
one thing 's for sure ; i have no intention of going back to get ourselves murdered by tanzan mino .
do n't change a thing . ''
but now he had only one thing on his mind .
one more thing off his checklist .
the thing that kept gnawing at his mind , however , was the phrase ` ` by land or sea . ''
he would find out soon enough , but one thing was sure : it must have a radio on board .
` ` okay , ed , i want to see you first thing .
for one thing , the communications here and in the situation room in the basement put the planet at his fingertips .
` ` one thing , an assault would have to be at night .
` ` oh , i almost forgot the most important thing . ''
do it wrong and you could lose the whole thing .
` ` we should make landfall just before first light '' ` ` one thing , though , '' reginald hall reflected .
one thing was sure : he felt like he had been run over by a truck .
one thing was sure : the countdown was about to switch into auto modewhich meant the priming of the superconducting coil would begin .
` ` hey , i ' ve been handling this thing so far , and the launch is set .
that was the last thing to worry about .
so it was a good thing he had sent jean - paul and jamal over there to keep an eye on things .
the other thing you should know is that we have armed a nuclear device and secured it on the island .
one thing was sure : if it blew , he would never be the wiser .
one more thing before you go .
that s only one thing .
the only thing between them and freedom was the metal curtain , through which they could see a sidewalk , the street , traffic , an alley near at hand .
moreover , the most important thing was her mothers health .
` ` the first thing is that never , under any circumstances , can you mention my name .
the only thing that he had as clear as a bell in his head was that he was going to get to the bottom of the mystery of who this james white was .
` ` your physical recovery is one thing , '' she said .
those days were a thing of the past , he claimed , and he could have a social drink now without any problem .
` ` that is the least important thing in this affair and you know it . ''
` ` let 's just let the whole thing drop . ''
` ` yes , that 's one thing .
and one thing i found very interesting was when they move house . ''
` ` i 'll help you , helen , '' he said , without having the least idea what the whole thing was about .
no matter what happened from here on in , one thing was certain , he 'd never forget tedd and todd .
it was as if tedd and todd and wilfred were avoiding the slightest sound to let him think the whole thing through .
in fact , the only thing he wanted to know was what was in the other man 's hand .
thing is we do nt aim to get wasted in this god - awful country .
that s the important thing , the thing to keep hold of .
i could not concentrate on any one thing .
the one key thing of importance is that we could sit together in comfortable silence now .
nathanial jumped to the next thing on his mind .
that was the thing , birth was straight this was the other thing josh struggled with on a daily basis .
we need to figure this driving thing out , nathanial stated .
all the questions had to wait ; the only thing he cared about now was getting to his son .
next thing i knew , the bricks were hitting the sidewalk beside me .
as of the moment anything to do with the talent show was the last thing on their minds .
just a few days ago , it was the only thing on his mind .
now the only thing on his mind was saving the town itself .
the moving of stones was a big thing five thousand years ago , but today we ve moved onto more complex things like cern .
sometimes almost any little thing can get in the way of good judgement .
but that was the only thing that interested him .
not a thing i care to debate with you , pruett said .
let this thing go to rest , with our beloved bethy .
the only thing that did matter to pruett was that men like that did nt know how to bluff .
i did nt , but what is the poi- although fully aware that my final move was a huge stretch of the truth , the whole thing still sounded a lot like a good idea at the time .
but there s one thing , megumi .
i assumed such a thing would be obvious by now , but it might have been a mistake of mine to do so .
it strikes me as unreasonable when people prefer to believe that every little thing was already decided to begin with when such a thing not only denies the concept of free will , but is absurdly boring .
your bones will grow thicker , your muscles will develop , and your mind too will become stronger but there s one thing you need to do to start that process .
thing is , people seem to forget details and i think they are the most important thing , much more relevant than facts .
for you , its now a very important thing that the only person who knows you are out of prison and can put you back there for good , if not aim for a special case informal death sentence using connections with other inmates or wardens .
postponing stuff or making things happen sooner than they should was what put us in trouble in the first place .
` ` first thing , '' said jay .
at least that was one thing ben had shown a slight interest in , he had given her the money to get up and running in an office of her own .
the last thing he wanted was to go storming in causing a ruckus and demanding to see the accountants immediately and without an appointment .
i talked myself into the idea that a family would only be a hindrance to my work , which was the most important thing to me .
i m good at cleaning up messes , fixing things , making coffee and listening to people talk about their problems .
does that kind of thing matter ?
that she was thinking of the same thing as me just then did nt strike me as uncanny or a great coincidence .
it was the only thing on their minds .
yeah , there 's one other thing though .
yes , ( or no ) these damn arguments have to stop , where was the thought , oh yes , that was something i wished i could tell her , it blew me away how clearly she could see things , but alas , she is gone , gone forever , the moon has risen further overhead , this night will never seem to end , but then again , this beach has become my own personal hell , the waves lap against the shoreline , and ask to be touched , but swimming is n't on my agenda , not tonight at least , tonight i have a stop to make , and a friend to see , that friend will help set me free , they are my guidance , and tonight i am seeking the ultimate salvation , days had passed since she had received that note , i thought over my options , and realized that she was in danger , because of me , not the most admirable thing i will ever say , yet i could say it with honesty , and that 's the only way i would say it , because had it not been for me , i ' m sure things would have been different , no matter though , one thing was for sure , i had to tell her my situation , ( our situation ) there is no our ( there is when you think about it ) which is n't that often , ( which is every day ) get out of my head !
i ' ve just heard of situations where someone pisses off god and the next thing you know people are dying around them left and right .
the last thing i remember was calling 911 before blacking out in the floor , if that 's true then how am i here .
after finishing the editing and in fact what was the first thing i 'd ever edited in my life , i ' m proud of what is now left .
you do n't have to say anything now , but the job would entail some extensive traveling , you 'd have to go certain places to do pieces for the magazines , to write certain post , and things of that nature but you wo n't have to pay a dime for all travel expenses , we handle all that .
now , before i go there s one other thing , master tirney .
oh , there was one other thing .
just one more thing before i go , mister smithson .
i could throw the whole thing in .
i lost a couple friends over the whole thing because the fights were so bad .
but the entire thing had only felt worse coming from janelle .
i guess one thing worth mentioning is that she was nt supposed to be drinking alcohol with her prescription meds .
it was followed by a very loud groan and the creak of the gutter as it gave way under the weight of the suspect , and the next thing i knew , i was desperately scrambling to get out of the path of the two - hundred pound ex - partner of bob kinsey .
its not like you do nt have the real thing in hand .
i do nt discuss that sort of thing with mr . frist .
well , all things considered , this would seem to be a logical place to find them , but we have to remember that maybe they did nt even get this far this time .
and he was right because the important thing at this point was that don was cooperating , so we headed down the narrow path .
then i remembered that nana has this privacy thing and probably would nt have gone into this bedroom anyway just because our things were in it .
i was tempted to open my eyes and release my breath , but my fear of interfering with the process and messing things up kept me rigidly in place as if i were getting an mri .
just one thing , michael .
he sent forth to axo the first thing that came to the forefront .
you may take a sabbatical to think things over but nobody simply leaves our organization .
you / they have been a pleasure for me , seriously , nevertheless i gather the occasion to specify a thing ; in the last three months , to more resumptions , have delivered a whole greenhouse to my house .
but he succeeded in giving me safety and me i gave to him some , and when the moment arrived we became an alone thing as an united man to its reflex to the mirror .
( but thing you believe , that i am happy to this situation ?
and thing i should eat , according to you ?
to thing i owe this visit ?
to thing this change is owed ?
you / he / she can give him i answered to the assassin ignoring italo but i am certain of a thing : to your place i would be careful to choose well the words .
now the only thing that remained was to figure out how it would play out .
shawn said , he has a very small thing for such a fat man .
next thing i knew i was pulling into the county parking garage and parking my car just as they were saying good - bye .
i wo nt take any more of your time , but there s one more thing .
one more thing interests me , she said .
i do nt know anything about that sort of thing .
all week , i ve only been thinking about one thing .
when i came home from school , the first thing i cleaned was the toilet .
benny attracts you and that s the most important thing .
the only thing that troubles me is that benny martin was also killed .
the most important thing is that we find out who did it .
even though it was a personal thing , you had to stick your nose into it .
the main thing is i wo nt have to see him .
but , the thing that 's really worrying me is involvement of chinese ` ` what do you mean ?
only thing important is the safety of you and your family .
` ` leave all doggy thing aside sir .
one more thing , news of this attack should not be leaked out anywhere brigadier thought of letting hot shot general know what he actually thought of feasibility of the order , but wisely decided to keep quiet about that .
by the way , she knows i have aids but we have nt had a chance to talk about the whole thing sincei just got the news this morning .
that was another thing that was constantly on his mind : the deal he had made that was costing him his sanity .
maybe you do , piped in mia , since you have remarkable control over things before this ... thing comes into you , perhaps we can set something up in your room to monitor you .
but one thing bothered her more than anything else .
one more thing before i sign off , larry said .
i know one thing for sure , there s no sense in wasting that kind of money .
he put the box in the back of his car and then remembered one thing he d forgotten to ask sarah .
he stopped at a hotel in charleston because he had one thing that needed doing to secure his fake identification as ram before he went on to canary corners .
you have nt a thing to worry about .
i d like to come and talk to you after i check one thing first , if its okay .
how about we get together first thing in the morning ?
i ve already written up summaries of a couple of them , but i think one thing that would really swing my editor to my way of thinking is a follow - up to the medical tragedy and suicide of your club member , frank tabor .
there s only one more thing .
there s one more thing , i almost forgot .
but we need you to take care of one more thing .
how long before you can work on it and how long will the whole thing take ?
` ` another thing , '' his father said .
` ` oh , one thing , '' he said .
being with my family is the most important thing for me and i am content with my life in the borgo .
i need to think the whole thing over .
there is one more thing i need you to do .
the style signature is a subconscious thing , not something the artist is in control of .
but i am certain about you and henri , and that is now the most important thing in my life .
we can keep the whole thing under wraps for now , particularly the part about the awakening .
wait a minute , are nt there rules about this sort of thing ?
but the important thing is that you gave a sample that the police automatically sent for profiling .
yes , but before we do that , there s one thing that i must do first .
the only other thing i ask is that i be laid to rest in a grave beside my lifelong sweetheart , lorraine , and our baby and that the little graveyard be shown the respect and reverence a final resting place deserves .
moreover , another thing i think we need to do is to do a thorough search through the third floor .
the only thing left to do was the wiring work so that it would actually light up .
but i should nt be bringing up that sort of thing today .
he realized he d probably get caught and probably pay with his own life ; but his little girl would be avenged and that was the main thing .
there was one thing for sure ; he had paid dearly for his wrongdoings .
he did notice one thing though .
they did n't want to have a thing to do with this ellen rose wilkins .
the thing was , what he could n't believe she was beckoning him over with her index finger .
because he felt like he wanted to spice things up a little , and because a little zombie induced bite of one of the neighbors as the solution not only seemed like an inappropriate way to break the monotony of rainy weather but was also unappetizing , daniel sat up in bed , legs folded together and said a prayer .
he went out and the next thing i knew those men were telling me to come outside .
besides , that makes the thing seem a little more manageable , she added .
but one thing stuck in her mind above all other cloudy images from that week she was entwined in the shamans web : daniels last words .
but the next thing he knew , the car had slammed into his rear wheel and he was thrown backwards out of his seat .
nobody saw the big man move , but the next thing anyone knew , the gun went off , the bullet smashing harmlessly through the lounge window .
that s not my thing at all thank you .
that s one thing you soon learn .
they seemed normal , then one little thing that an ordinary person would nt even think about would turn out to hold all manner of superstitious importance for them .
-brought my own keys for the look of the thing .
one thing is certain though -whats that matthew ?
his friends finances were one more thing for matthew to worry about .
most likely it was hoped that everyone would forget about the whole thing , but that does nt seem to have happened for some reason .
in any case , he added , shaking the empty glass at matthew to indicate that a refill was now overdue : the main thing is attitude .
hawkins was good at only worrying about one thing at a time .
the important thing for them was not that people were dying over some insignificant speck on the far globe , but that great britain was standing up to aggression .
everyone talks about it like its the most important thing in the world , only i m , not really sure what they are on about .
whatever you happen to be doing is the most important thing and its always for the general good .
one final thing , i wanted to tell you that i ve discovered the secret of the english abroad : they re capable of finding a practical way through every difficulty , by blocking every perception of disagreeable consequences that may follow from pursuing their own self - interest .
hawkins had told him that he was in the area and some things were best not dealt with on the telephone .
the main thing is ; i have to be discreet .
he did nt know why they needed to lie about such a thing , but that little look told him they were lying their heads off , all the same .
good , well , then , i guess there is one more thing .
he did the robot head thing once again and said , oh look , its just a new way of looking at things .
oh and one more thing .
next thing i know she s phoned in quitting her job and disappeared off the face of the earth .
the important thing is that you are still heading in the direction you want to go .
another thing i wanted to ask you- you should stop by our food finance meeting tomorrow .
one thing , natasha , i 'd like to borrow a few hundred dollars , i may need it and i do n't have that much cash on me .
jorge was talking again.-well be on a charter jet in the morning ; all ten of us.-well put down in st . louis and catch a commuter plane from there to the airport at owensboro.-i want the nine of you to go into the area i ve indicated here and look for work.-youll have better access to information if you can interact with other laborers in the area.-you can ask discreetly if there are other mexican workers in that part of the county.- gabbert , you take matthews and perez and see what you can find out around dundee.- rojas , you and sanchez and mendoza check around hartford.-garcia , you take alvarez and norton and check things out around fordsville.-ill set up a command post at the executive inn rivermont there in owensboro and i want reports from each of the groups on a daily basis or at least every other day.-are there any questions ? -there seemed to be none , so he dismissed them with a wave of his hand and a reminder.-ill see all of you at oh - eight - hundred hours tomorrow morning .
bernie went back to fordsville to talk things over with the sheriff.-one of the deputies spoke , read and wrote spanish fluently so he read the letter to the detective and the sheriff and managed to decipher where the letter came from.-it was a little town just across the border from laredo , texas known as nueva laredo or new laredo.-bernie immediately booked a flight to the nearest airstrip to that town.- bernie spoke at length with ramons family.-expecting that the mendez family would speak no english , he had borrowed the spanish - speaking deputy from sheriff lampton and taken him with him as interpreter.-no one had known how to contact them to tell them what had happened to their son.-so , tavalerio had had to break the bad news of his death.-at first , they were afraid to tell him anything , but after they had talked for a while , they were convinced that this man was genuinely trying to learn who had killed their son and they gave him their complete cooperation.-the only thing they could think of that might help , though was to find a man in or near laredo , texas , named pablo alvarez.-they had both worked at one time for a man senor mendez had nt liked the looks of.-his name had been jorge something or other and they were pretty sure his last name was laquidera or something close to that .
genryusais daughters were the last thing he wanted to discuss , especially when running on no sleep .
the most important thing now was to verify that kurt vetter had the stolen information , and if he did , eliminate him and all traces of the files .
she had one more thing to check she clicked on her desktop .
one thing was clear ; they were inextricably joined by the events of the past days , fused in a new and strange partnership that neither of them quite understood .
one thing nel - m had nt considered , looking at the warped leer on raouls face .
is it the same thing you were worried about earlier ?
but one thing we do know is that this young lawyer , despite his inexperience , does nt look like he s going to be the type to simply roll over and die at the first obstacle .
but one thing i do nt think you ve thought about fully is roddy .
nel - m kept things short and sweet as he paid and was led to a bedroom by misha .
nina giggled and smiled through the whole thing as they pantomimed the things they wanted to do with her , with any willing girl ... and even some unwilling for that matter .
somehow he got me naked , and right there is where i knew i should have stopped this whole thing and walked away , but this guy was carrying two blackberries and had a rolex , so i knew he was fucking stuffed to the gills with cash .
you see i do n't think you understand how important that thing is to me .
thing is , when i get up , i ' m going to throw a grenade and we 'll need to run like hell after the thing explodes . ''
when jupacious pushed back the cowl from over his head and the first thing eddy realized was how thin and old this volk was .
in time you will become more familiar with how we do things here , but for now you need to understand you have majestic clearance to go anywhere you wish on this island , but there are certain military areas which are off limits to you .
i should have been admiring the trees and the fresh woodland scents , or the sun on my face , but the only thing on my mind was my sertz .
but gastonish was very casual about the whole thing and said .
next thing i knew , the earth spanned the entire view of the monitor .
listen you guys , i said , you are making this whole thing out to be much bigger than it is .
if i had to do it all over again , i would n't change a thing the tension released from the doctor 's eyes and he looked at me and smiled .
one thing is certain , there is no going back .
things are working out for us here , and i do nt want to mess with a good thing .
the entire thing ... as eddy thought about the possibility of what he said , he felt more confident about his answer .
alpha team spread out , with one more thing to think about .
he really was ambivalent about the whole thing .
` ` good ... .. mr whatever your name is , i ' m vivien 's sister and i ' m going to take her to my place as we have some things to discuss .
one thing is certain , if he is involved he 's not on his own .
of course the other thing is connor moylan , i ' m sure she told you about that issue and the background check that was done on him .
you 'll have to include terry on the security side of things but do n't forget he 's getting kind of old for this sort of thing ... .. mind you we all are really .
` ` you 're doing the right thing , darling , and i ' ve no objection to her staying at the farm while things get sorted .
as one irishman to another there 's only one thing we want to know ... .. where is kate trenholme and her daughters ? ''
the last thing he saw was the muzzle flash in the grass , his last thought was what margaret was going to do without him ?
` ` you bugger off to buy a boat from hector pan and the next thing i know we 're in a war zone .
i caught three huge fluke , but i do nt really care about thatthe important thing was that i got to spend time with him .
the thing is .
all i know is that one thing is standing out in flashing red lights : i must do something .
but one thing is certain : i will not stop until i know .
one more thing , send a team in to clean this mess up .
they 'd had a few talks about this sort of thing recently .
there 's one more thing i ' m concerned about , he said .
that 's not the only thing we wanted to talk to you about , charley said .
yes , i do , but its about the same thing with the theatre as it is with el dorado .
one thing you should learn .
` ` only thing to talk about is claire mcteague .
and the great thing was that no - one would suspect a thing .
if you 're allowed to speak with me about such things , i 'd like to discuss the defenses you have in place .
all things change with time general , he said with a tear in his eye never forget that you might wake up one morning , ten years gone from here , and finally be at a place where you can fully give yourself to her , perhaps even forgive yourself .
one thing was sure ; there d be some kind of problem .
and as with so many other things in life , the important thing was going to be to get the timing right .
and as with so many other things in life , the important thing was going to be to get the timing right .
look at the mess they d made in their own beautiful country : the blacks in charge now , spoiling things even more than the whites had done before them .
for one thing the holiday was supposed to last for two weeks and it ended as well as started here , so he should have plenty of time to sort things out before bloom returned .
for one thing the holiday was supposed to last for two weeks and it ended as well as started here , so he should have plenty of time to sort things out before bloom returned .
and one more thing before i go he reached across to where michaels body was still oozing blood , picked up the knife from the floor of the cab , pushed the blade as far as it would go into the guts of the dead man and then heaved upward with all his strength .
it needed a moment even though she supposed they had all been thinking about the same thing .
following bloom was the one thing that was proving easier than expected .
but one thing he was sure of as he looked for a safe place to rest for the night .
if the only problem with the relationship was that it might not last after they were saved , then that was another thing jill did nt need to worry about .
the obvious conclusion was that he d made a simple thing complicated .
one thing was sure ; there was no reason for green himself to get out of the car and make a target of himself .
the important thing was to face the fat man again soon and show no fear .
can you bring up the papers for karl feigl and double check one thing ?
one thing is certainly clear , coetzee is lying about the whole thing , or he does nt know about it , i do nt know which is worse .
one thing for certain was that this method of murder in peacetime had never been used , as far as he was aware , in england .
` ` oh yes , there 's one more thing .
she then quoted edmund burke when he wrote , ' the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing . '
that 's the most personal thing she has !
she looked at me and commented , ` ` it 's probably a good thing you are leaving . ''
` ` that 's another thing that 's kind of complicated .
` ` oh , there 's one more thing , '' continued the nurse .
when things do nt go quite as planned , he s forced to go on an insane mission to find the one thing he s denied his entire life .
the only thing i question is , why the distance ?
oh sweet thing , there you are .
not worrying about a thing i went floral , and feet were thinking sand and went light .
martot thanked him , but just as he was about to sign off prompted no doubt by martot fishing for irregularities the man added , oh , there was one other thing that was unusual this time .
one other thing suddenly concerned him about gerard .
but he wondered whether , despite his concerns , he was trying to convince himself because for the time being gerard had eased her trademark neurosis ; and with everything else he had on his plate at that moment , it was one less thing to cope with .
charlotte was being admitted to a clinic for four days , after which shed undergo a fresh bout of therapy , the first for two years , so at least that was one less thing for him to worry about immediately .
she reached out and flung the door wide open again , making it patently clear that the last thing she wanted was to be left in the room with kalpenski .
shed found herself shouting and screaming at allison over the smallest thing at the weekend just past , and had received a call from her ex bradley the following day asking if she was okay .
though he was right about one thing .
and chisholm was at least right about one thing : if they did find a breakthrough , it was the sort of sexy new area that would make the gifford award committee sit up and take notice .
at the time it had only partly been the money , the main thing had been hitting out at her brother just another of the many man - battles in her life , her way of convincing herself that she was as good if not better than them .
the illusion of youth seemed to be the only thing in her life over which she had any control .
i could top things off by serving apple fritters with a chocolate - caramel sauce .
no , i went to my place to catch up on some things .
but even so , there s one thing he ca nt change .
why did nt he take the whole thing ?
it seemed like the older i got , the worse my relationship became wit ladybird ; she was always on my back about one thing or another .
the one thing she had learned in her different jobs that she really enjoyed was how to refinish furniture .
she thought i should tell my boss , that it was no minor thing .
my gaze drifted down to her shirt , which was buttoned a tad low , which would nt have been a big thing if her chest was modestly sized , but it was anything but modestly sized .
it is such a deeply personal thing , the words i received from god , that i could in no way violate my conscience by repeating them to you my reader .
we ve got an independently contracted forensic physiologist for that sort of thing .
the spray paint , that symbol on the wall and that s usually the kind of thing they keep to themselves .
but do nt relax just yet , because there s just one thing that s gon na put you in the clear .
her reaction pretty much gave the whole thing away .
brought up the whole thing involving the coffeemaker .
there s one thing you have nt thought of , malik said .
now , look i ve got to wrap this up , so just promise me you ll take care of this one thing ?
yeah , its no excuse thing is between maliks therapy , you coming into his life then the whole scandal with glen roberts , his acceptance into wesleyan ... somewhere in the middle of all that , things began to he searched for the words in another sip of beer things got complicated .
scattering rose petals as they journeyed past countless generations , the end of all things .
downed the whole damn thing , realized that she was starving .
well , i m sure that s probably the only thing well see eye to eye on though .
he d get malcolm on this first thing .
they d had plenty of time on the airplane and in the limo to catch up some on school and bobs job , so he quickly moved the conversation around to the one thing that had been nagging him for so long , and terribly so since last summer when his divorce from pauls mother had been finalized .
and another thing , bob , i need you to take a facility tour .
there s just one other thing .
` ` no , that was the first thing they checked . ''
i do n't think she 's in any danger , the only thing that bothers me is that we have no idea what 's going on .
` ` i need to know what you can tell me about the adler mausoleum , who visits it , who pays to maintain it , that sort of thing . ''
i had learned the hard way that you had to be careful about that kind of thing .
for one thing , i m not pregnant , but even if i were , feeding you to a baby ca nt be healthy .
the most important thing is that we need to handle the situation now .
one thing i did look into is taking a helicopter ride over the grand canyon .
she had a lot on her mind , the main thing being that the thing with finch would nt be over until they talked and worked things out .
oh bobby , one other thing .
gloria said , were having a drink , minding our own business , and the next thing you know that bruiser is swinging a beer bottle at bobbys head .
what do you say to people when you do nt want to bring up the growing marijuana thing ?
have nt touched the subject since , though -- almost as byzantine a thing as hermans style or the church on the corner here .
some of the assistants did make it a personal thing and although it was never a matter of outright insult or even obvious impoliteness , there was a definite chill in the air when we met .
even pappas , who probably sympathizes with them , is playing the whole thing close to the vest .
perhaps , but when a nation finds itself caught between two of her allies her extrication is not a simple thing and mutually contradicting defense pacts and treaties are of little help .
no , not a thing , and this does nt seem to have much to do with him either .
but there s one thing i m really concerned about .
it was the only thing on his mind every waking moment .
just one small thing that could turn this thing around quickly before it snowballed .
the pistols , however , were nt an everyday thing .
sorry , its not so much a talent thing , its a volume thing .
sorry , its not so much a talent thing , its a volume thing .
this was definitely not her thing .
oh , one more thing , sam added .
one other thing , call flick johnson at reagan , and tell him i found some photos of the place .
there was one thing that would help .
when it all goes to hell , just fix one thing at a time .
i decided to keep my mouth shut on the grace thing , but decided to lazily chat about poor old eleanor sanders and that there might be a spare room by the end of the month .
one thing for certain , she was n't the same grace that we all knew and loved .
should i drop the whole thing and try to stay focused on scotland ?
talking of ollie , another thing that has made elliot happy other than the prospect of a decent nights sleep or two , is that we are now being backed by ollie donald , so the poor old boy does nt have to keep shelling out all the time .
my vision blurred momentarily and the next thing i knew i was standing in the middle of a barren moonscape , nothing but a level plain of powdery grey sand for miles in every direction .
i have previously spoken about some of the delights to be found here - candles that ignite themselves , quills already filled with ink , the horseless carriages and other marvels that surround me , yet there is one thing that i have never been happy with , ever since the reverend pinball introduced it to me on the second day of my arrival .
one thing i was still confused about was why he had taken those few paltry items from us all , back in the macplimsol conference hall .
one more thing mr . wall .
one thing had changed however .
' yes sir , and one more thing ... ' ' yes ? '
half of the restaurant bill or the whole thing made little difference , and he had asked her out so he gladly paid .
the boy was being surprisingly stiff - upper - lipped about the whole thing .
the mild summer had hung on longer than normal , but today was not going to be any normal day , one thing was for sure it would not end like it had started .
one more thing , do you have my backpack ?
next came the aiming and how to breathe when firing , he liked the fact she was taking the whole thing very seriously .
a couple , but i make a point of going back and beating them , its a family thing have you ever had a real bad beating , i mean really bad ?
another thing that would have concerned her before , but now did nt , was that he was going to kill a man very shortly and in reality she hoped he did .
can you team up with me as if the only thing that matters is whatever crazy shit i think sounds like fun tonight or tomorrow ?
looking up at him she said , it really bothers me why i ca nt place her , because i m normally pretty clear on such things .
the one thing of which we can be certain is our angels were warning us not to break the rules again .
this was often the same place they first worked , but someone with a good business sense was trying to make things more efficient .
genuine pedophiles fantasize about a semi - adult relationship , a child being childish except about this one thing .
but the big thing for us was keeping our people happy and motivated to do better work for the money .
we talked for hours , about all kinds of things , philosophy , religion , love , and weed .
time to themselves was pretty much a thing of the past .
this was clearly a guy thing , and he was willing to consider the other side of things .
the thing of concern to him at that moment was the rather deep section of the river between both villages .
the simplistic plain looking shops of previous years seemed to be a thing of the past , although jake hoped simpler shop fronts would return at some point in the future .
upstairs , i unpack my carry - on and the first thing i notice is the red cylinder steve had given me .
well daddy knows the proprietors personally , a business thing you would n't understand .
if things go pear shaped you can always charge to the rescue and pepper their arses . ''
` ` yeah , another thing , frank , she withdrew most of her funds from her bank account , it was n't much , but she made one fairly sizable withdrawal . ''
instead i slept , and let the night wear itself out , until i could safely percolate my morning coffee and forget the things that so seriously needed to be addressed .
` ` not exactly jose , it 's a family thing . ''
oddly the thing that struck home about the scene was the peeling paint shedding itself from the door - frame and i actually wondered , at that definitive crucial moment , why marissa , who was usually so meticulous about such things had been negligent in this respect .
` ` another thing , frank , we ' ve just got a report in on the guy from your theater shooting , seems he was polish , with a rap sheet as long as your arm in his own country , if he had lived they would have wanted to extradite .
* one thing that has never even entered my thought orbit , was the silent machine that picks up every day after regular office workers leave their buildings ; silent because i ' ve never even heard talk of it , yet every night in almost every office across town a cleaner goes in usually , as part of a service .
it 's one thing if you visit your brother ; entirely another if you come to my office . ''
shhh i believe you , she whispered , but there is still one more thing you must do .
the important thing was that they would be together .
but general white forgot one thing to lock his doors when he went to talk his dog in the evening of the 1st of february , 2003 .
its not his kind of thing .
the only thing she had to worry about was a lawsuit , and a quick consultation on the phone monday morning with rachel halperin , the lawyer who had successfully defended her when she was accused of murdering her aunt , convinced her that no lawsuit would be brought .
for one thing , we learned that when ali made his phone call , he did nt call a lawyer , he called some number that probably brought those two guys in suits down here .
oh no , i think this is a one - time thing .
that s a sacred thing and you ca nt just i m not taking carrie away .
but the whole thing is embarrassing , you know ?
you do nt know about the love , for one thing .
next thing you know well be hearing he tried to escape and they shot him or something .
and the thing is , all the things i drank overloneliness , trying to fit in , trying to fill the empty place insideim finding all those things taken care of in sobriety .
the important thing is : is he cute ?
it was the only thing i had any influence over .
the black eye dots came out to dance again , and just to spice things up i started to hyperventilate .
well , there is one thing , she said .
eating squalid food to mark my birthdays had now be a thing of past .
paul we have one significant thing to discuss .
one thing is sure ; the academy bugler would expressed his signals through the bugle .
next thing i knew , the bell was ringing and sixth hour was over .
well one night we were making out and the next thing i knew he was ... oh my gosh , no !
the next thing i knew , he was hugging me .
i wanted to drop the damn thing and just move on with my life , but at this rate , i would be in a real mental institution if this continued .
that is one thing that you need to find out for yourself .
the next thing i knew , my left cheek was throbbing and my skin burned uncomfortably .
just a girls thing then , said kallie .
you wo nt remember any of this , but there s one last thing you need to do .
yeah , one thing , do nt kill her , avery said and was gone too .
one more thing before we go .
` ` so , one thing you have n't talked about is if you 're seeing any one else right now . ''
` ` one thing , '' harris asked before he stepped out the door .
this complete story , with this new ending , made him realize that his small part had been the one thing that tipped off the conflicts that followed .
laura did not deserve this ; she had to be the most important thing in his life .
beth said you were coming tonight , i thought she was just beth being beth and making a big thing about it .
but you are right on one thing ; marion is the priority and as much as it pains me too say , i need you to get on with it '' .
` ` there is one thing mike , that little problem with jonas earlier , i ' ve had a word with him and he is n't taking it any further , as far as he is concerned he deserved it .
` ` one more thing mike , the fact that daniel has the same last name as me is a coincidence , i ca n't tell you what to think , i do n't know what you think you understand about that , but i am more than comfortable from where i stand .
he told himself that the back porch was the first thing to fix .
one thing was certain : there would be another bloody piece of the puzzle the following day .
and then , one more thing ; in order to fly with pin - point precision , you just need the high fidelity radar and military - mode gps [ 16 ] you just need that , huh ?
and there s just one further thing , said orange .
the nail gun thing ? yeah , he got those out .
if anyone asks you , you know , for a reference about mejust say i m good , reliable , trustworthy that sort of thing .
at the moment , that was the only thing that mattered .
the only thing for certainthis was nt going to be over until he decided it was over .
you d know about that sort of thing .
` ` it 's the only thing i have to go on right now .
sort of a broad , shotgun approach to physics , environmental science , chemistry -- that sort of thing .
i smiled at karen and started to apologize , i 'd only had a scrap of the whole thing , when dr . patel stopped me midsentence .
the next thing he knew he was yawning and stretching again , only this time it was morning .
i can give you a hundred bucks and we forget about the whole thing .
this was one thing that irked b , but she said that , like most men , he was unchangeable in this respect .
the important thing is he 's happy , that s all i care about .
the marriage problems could probably be traced to one big thing , her reluctance to bring a child into the world .
she stabbed a finger at me like i was responsible for the whole thing .
there still was one thing that bothered him , though .
i suspect , it is not the only thing that was on his mind , he was definitely snooping around .
first things first , he had to make some coffee .
that s the one thing that s certain .
whatever happens , one thing is for sure , all of us in this studio are doomed to suffer the fate that awaits us , whatever it is .
one thing was for sure , the world would pay for what they had done to his son , brandon , and what ex - ranger james stone was about to let loose in new york any moment now was just a shred of the damage the entire nation was going to suffer to right the horrible wrong that it had done .
i have learned not to get involved , because i have seen my friends try to help , and then they get all sweaty , start vomiting , and the next thing i know they are dead , too , because what goes around comes around .
one thing for certain .
i do nt know if this was symbolic or an actual event ; but , in either case , one thing is certainit was clearly a particular group of very powerful ruling elites who had acquiesced to satanism .
kefa reached over and grabbed his hand again , one more thing , when the time comes for you to go to the mark , be ready to move on a moments notice you and gabriella and whatever friends or family you can convince to come with you .
there s one other thing , kefa said casually .
and one more thing , there is no way to protect satellites from the degradation to their orbits resulting from very high altitude emp anyway , do you really trust that some government bureaucrat is going to take care of it ?
another thing continues to intrigue me .
another thing , he muttered .
every little thing gets in the way .
one more thing , peyton .
as i scribbled , i realized gordon steel had been wrong about one thing .
there was one thing they all agreed about .
and do nt worry about a thing .
she was ok with paper , but not this sort of thing .
i ve got a chap coming up from cheltenham to join my team and take care of just this sort of thing .
one thing we must do , and this is where you can be an enormous help , is decide what information was passed to makienko after the cabinet office clerk left the scene , and who had access to it and knew enough to be able to pass it on .
one further thing , though .
the place is full of people checking on things .
the boss is taking root in the ops room until we can get things back to something like normal .
things were hotting up in clerkenwell , and he really ought not to leave the place at the moment , but they would do their best to get up to see him tomorrow .
there are bits of jig - saw slotting into place quite neatly if we are to believe your hypothesis , and many things can be explained which have hitherto escaped us .
they stayed outside the armored suburbans , discussing things that were nt audible from peas vista above , but the discussion abruptly stopped when they heard the bulldozer coming up the road .
oh , one more thing jesus .
for one thing it would have to be assumed that the parent was a reliable source about his or her own history .
and one more thing just to add a little uncertainty into all this : in rare occurrences traits which have disappeared will reappear and with a roaring intensity we call this the trait theory theory of exceptions .
oh , one more thing he does nt have an office -- .
oh , one more thing : i do nt mean to pry .
i am sort of all - in on the psychology thing .
he obviously wanted to keep the whole thing from his wife , said shanice .
if it is not a big thing it might not matter even if it comes up , said zachary .
one thing worries me about all this though , you say that you have identified thecmrtrait already in five family members and i will need to see that data -- .
the important thing is that he is at peace now , said laural .
kicked again oh , and one more thing : i actually made a chart looking at personal adjustments scores ofcmrpositive thurmonds along gender lines .
the important thing is that my affairs will have been settled and they will have been settled in a satisfactory manner .
one last thing , bill , and i hope you do nt think this unsympathetic as i am asking you during this time of mourning , but if bruce finished any paper work , if you could immediately fax that paper work here to this office that would be much appreciated , said windsor .
the only thing it changes is that we do not know if he got started or not .
but there is one thing , said charles .
but the important thing is that we are together now .
we can split the profits and meanwhile i will report on the modern negros ability to transition back into a slave state to make the old south into the real new south a week later , after receiving a faxed version of the proposal , mr . x called peter , stating , you ve served me faithfully and i think your idea has much merit.operation modern slave stateis a go , and i will supply you with freelance prison work ... one more thing , my brother wants in .
some things just are the way they are just like you are the way you are son and that is a damn good thing .
things were easier to control back then because negros knew their place .
but first things first -- he needed to find the address for the yellow daisy lodge : an agent handing him a cell phone , she is on the line .
but one more thing , how has this been affecting you on a personal level ?
so i m glad you have agreed to the job peter expressed his gratitude and mr . x added , one more thing we can no longer leave anything to chance , not after the fall of grey cliff .
i suppose i could have some pureed negro meat , but i suspect that would be dismal compared to the real thing .
but in the grand scheme of things , canada seemed like just as good a place as any .
it was a one night thing .
and she was right about one thing : i was the sort who needed to see the whole picture , not just a few fragments with which to build a general image .
i just do n't know my place in the great scheme of things , sometimes .
managers who come across staff who do n't accept their titanium - fisted , gestapo ways of running things - they always use that disrespect - for - authority card '' ` ` - but if the real number of brady and hindley killings was in fact nine , then that leaves a few more bodies out there on the moors .
only one thing was in my mind at the minute , so i said that .
` ` one more thing , '' i said .
was it an ego thing instead , like when kids dare each other to go deep into a dark graveyard ?
oh , another thing , remarks ray .
laughed over the whole thing .
i ' m curious about one thing , hassan said .
yes , i did write about that , but i want to talk to you about this other thing i ' m working on .
the only thing that mattered was how he would get out of it .
i have to go soon john but just one more thing , do you remember the young man in the cage that had his hands damaged ?
alan , we will all make mistakes as we make this journey and we have already made some in getting this far , the only thing that is important is that we learn from them .
and just one other thing dad , we do not want any special treatment .
` ` yeah , maybe it 's a sexual thing . ''
` ` one important thing is , we have to make sure that the dive boat is disabled .
his voice was almost steely now , with a hint of hard professionalism , and that meant this was definitely an fbi thing .
just one last thing , i insisted , as we got ready to check out marthas kitchen .
oh , just one more thing i wish i could change !
do nt you worry about a thing , syd .
i had nt expected to feed four adults , but it was easy enough to stretch things a bit if i made a big salad .
well , for one thing , its a cave - like space , with only one miserable excuse for a window .
another thing stood out in his mind because apparently , he d decided to buy clearance winter gear but that was nt what grabbed his attention and held it .
too much had already happened and he could nt seem to focus on any one thing .
it was nt easy because leo did nt do well without coffee first thing .
i see your point , raine applauded lightly , mockingly , but you missed one thing .
but rick was right about one thing .
benjamin knew that , like so many others , his father was a pragmatist , who did not bother himself with what should be , but only with what was and was grateful that his place was relatively good in the scheme of things .
while the meaning of all this remained obscure , one thing was clear , josh novak was in trouble , and he could not stand idly by while the power to help was his .
one more thing remained to be done before he could have his peace .
i was surprised he would ask for my opinion on such a thing .
one more thing before i go , i unscrewed the silencer and put everything back in its place .
it was a thing of power , yet none of them yielded .
he needed many birds around him , another thing we disagreed on .
but the most important thing , the thing that jane remembered , was the way the andover lady said those things out loud , coolly and matter - of - factly , distilling into a few not unsympathetic words what jane already knew from harsh experience .
the whole phone thing is a little touchy around here .
what can i do to make myself valuable , necessary , indispensable such that i have a future in their high wealth orbit and hence a relatively safe place in the vast unhinging scheme of things ?
i had every intention of resting , or at least lying back in hopes of figuring things out , but i had to know that this was a safe place to stay for a while .
he would take that sort of thing personally .
he knew things were at a crucial place and did nt want to come off too strong with kristen .
she tried to tell herself that that s the only thing that should matter , but she felt betrayed .
she told him , but he was only concerned with one thing , and that was getting her out of the house .
the next thing the tall skinny one knew , warm liquid squirted onto the back of his neck and he heard a soft gargling sound followed by a dull thud .
that was another thing derek would have to confront when he returned to her .
the last thing that you have any power over , any chance to determine , is whether you die here and now , or whether you take your chances and die later on .
the only thing undetermined is the random chance of when you die .
my mind would be muddled and muddied with that thing in my head yet when it went quiet , things were easier .
the important thing was that he had captured his feelings .
maybe it was a vanity thing theirs , not his .
the thing that terrified young cole was that the moon might turn red that very year !
you see , that young man left this place that night , he left having heard the small soft voice of the holy ghost , he left that night with the invitation song still ringing in his ears , but he did nt go home , no sir , it breaks my heart to tell you , he sought out his old friends , he sought out those so practiced in sin , so controlled by worldly things , and satan was right there to welcome him back !
do nt worry about the food thing , i think we have enough for a while and if you think were going to run out of water , take a look in the storage compartment between our bedroom and the bathroom i think most supermarkets would be jealous .
i think the most important thing is that everyone should have a role , especially because there are so few of us .
` ` yes , the whole thing .
` ` the one thing that concerns me is that they are all ex - prisoners .
i wonder if this is a good time to ask about the sleeping thing with them , probably not .
i hope he can do the same for this year 's election if we ever have it , though karen said not to worry about it because we have more important things to think about like getting our place back .
there 's also the food thing , what if we run out of food ?
but one thing i knew mom would notice .
she pulled herself up , the volcano knife tucked under her arm , and the next thing i knew she was on daddy 's chest and rocking up and down like a boat on the ocean .
and there 's one other thing , something sung li could n't cover up .
sent here to be a journalist is more accurate , and the first thing a journalist should guard against is perceiving things as they seem .
but your suspect is not particularly conventional himself , and right at this moment there s one thing gnawing at me more than anything else .
ill have to explain to him the whole carnivore and herbivore thing .
seth , remember we talked about the name thing .
i feel her pull me tight and the next thing i know i m drifting off into a world full of unlimited amounts of chocolate cake and cookies .
it looks like he s green and yellow , every things still blurry so i ca nt make out the rest of him .
i m not sure how much longer we talk , but the next thing i know karen is telling me to get up .
i wonder if ron would still say food is the most important thing to me now .
the important thing is we need to get back home as quickly as we can .
the next thing i knew , i heard a man screaming , ow , and a few choice expletives .
chapter 6 with two cups of coffee under my belt and a night of thinking things over , i sauntered over to my neighborsa guilty conscience leading the way .
he could put me onto the next big thing .
first thing first .
na , things are just a bit crazy with work right now , he said , rolling the coffee cups bottom around on the table .
jamie buddy , the last thing i ever want to think or even talk about is that cluster fuck of an operation .
one other thing , i want to thank you for starting this little experiment .
just one other thing , i was nt going to mention it but ... well it was kinda nice to see after all the crap i get to watch all day long and you know how i love my movie tie ins .
i swear i run the whole thing for him , based on his instructions .
it really was nt my thing .
when i first checked out the ad , it all seemed on the up and up , but i neglected to check one very important thing .
the only thing i ask is that you seek me out if you need anything to aid you in that pursuit .
at the end of the day , the story was the only thing that mattered .
just one thing thoughleave my name and errazuriz out .
as they walked back to the table and bench where a person was cataloguing all the divers finds bill said i have just one more thing to show you , a couple tire track marks , a bit limited but still worth a look .
the one thing they did not talk about was the case they were both part of .
sandy said , there is one more thing to think about before we do , and it sort of fits too .
rumors floated around alliance as to his sexual preference , and though he had some disturbing dreams on that very subject , the one thing he was sure of was his attraction to her .
i talk to harry on a regular basis , and if there s one thing his pharmacy does great business in is condoms .
i will call geoff first thing in the morning to check on things .
dane has a puzzled look on his face and says , there is one thing that has been bothering me about the sheep .
i was meant to meet him here , then the next thing you know , his plane vanishes . ''
` ` actually , now that you ask , there is one more thing '' kerrin quickly explained about the suicides he wanted to investigate .
all things considered , the likelihood was that when they said there had been no exercises taking place at that time , they had told the truth .
kerrin guessed that looking good was probably the last thing on her mind just now .
but one thing 's certain .
turning to leave , he noticed one more thing that stopped him cold .
the last thing that he wanted to do was give up either his jacket or his gun , but things seemed to be going sour , rapidly and unexpectedly .
the last thing that he wanted to do was give up either his jacket or his gun , but things seemed to be going sour , rapidly and unexpectedly .
he had to be careful , but there were things he could do , thing he needed to be doing .
the next thing he knew , valerie was gently shaking his shoulder .
the only thing on his mind was getting his little brother to safety .
one goddamn thing and instead you re out here fuckin around .
sure , but and another thing .
that puts him in control of the timing , for one thing , no matter whether he planned it weeks in advance or made a decision ten minutes ago .
i have to get one thing out of the way .
i owe you big time , father , and i have another thing to ask .
damn far from solving this thing and the bombers still out there , could strike any minute .
the important thing is , did you find anything ?
the important thing was that he d never remember maniss face .
he s into that sort of thing .
one thing ill say , diaz continued .
there is one more thing ill do .
chapter twelve this case was the most exciting thing that i had ever faced .
this case that we are working on is the most important thing that you should remember right now .
things had rolled out of my control to include so many gray areas that i felt i was slowly drowning .
one thing , the admiral said .
i picked the only thing left that matters to me , alex said .
the denver police demo team sent the entire thing to homeland .
one more thing , claire said .
he could nt care less about that kind of thing .
and the only thing that matteredalex .
another thing she could nt do a damn thing about .
they would want to know why that had nt been the very first thing which had entered his mind .
they want to expand into the provinces , open new outlets , make the whole thing a much bigger operation .
the other thing that i want to do is to take a boat out from somewhere near here so that we can give the cliffs below the villa rafallo a thorough survey .
somehow the little thing seemed to add to the fear and foreboding which he felt .
now it just seemed that the whole thing had been nothing more than a job to her .
that just clears the air before i carry on to the next thing .
chuck said , the job is the most important thing for them , felix .
` ` one thing we do n't want is trouble with the law , '' he agreed .
` ` the whole thing , '' mui teng muttered .
he feared he would treat this ` ` christian '' thing like he 'd treated many other things in his life .
one woman made an appointment for counseling for her grief about marcus , and while we were talking , i received a phone call from another woman several states away , crying about the same thing .
one thing was certain , she was very well brought up .
last thing i remember is writing in this diary : listen you screwhead .
it was all a question of balance , i guess , a teeter tottering kind of thing .
next thing you know they ll be breaking the stain glass windows and knocking over the gravestones , hershaw said .
just one thing , mr . tertulian , elijah said .
one more thing , elijah said .
` ` and i would n't flash that little ding - a - ling around , the girl 's would laugh at a little thing like that . ''
the first thing he knew he had to do was to stop dreaming of how things might be later .
` ` there 's one more thing , from his phrasing and use of words i ' m pretty sure he 's muslim .
as he did , hengist was still thinking through his plan and remembering an important element he had forgotten said , oh , and one more thing , hengist paused , thinking through his plan one more time .
matt nodded , one thing is for sure , the more we learn , the more it points to only one thing .
the dispatcher asked me to hold and the next thing i knew , i was talking to the bloody king himself .
if it is the minimum , one thing is for certain , we are not all affected equally or in the same wayand some not at all , apparently .
from that perspective he convinced himself that it was no longer important what nationality he was or the citizenship he claimed , the only thing that mattered was that he was on the right side .
horsa interrupted , the important thing is , lord guiscard is topraks recognized leader in the u.s . at the moment and we have placed our support behind him , in an effort to restore the republic of the united states .
so i think the only thing we need to know now is how fast on average have we been sailing these past five hours since leaving tangiers , said veronica somewhat confidently .
you can live here with me , you need not worry about a thing sweetheart , said veronica offering to take morgan in her arms .
the room erupted into congratulations and contradictions of who were the true heroes until the king settled the issue by stating that the only thing that mattered is that toprak was defeated , and as for that , the praise and the glory of the victory goes to the english people and our american friends .
they sat in silence for a few minutes , each enjoying their coffee and thinking about different things .
there s one thing i m still unsure about , though .
i noticed that he had a casual stance about him , a sporty sort of thing , as if he d learned to carry himself the right way from an early age .
` ` i do nt think i ve left things in a good place with the management . ''
` ` i want to give this thing a good go . ''
a private thing made public .
we were quickly asked to get into the spirit of the thing and as the other chaps were hitting brackets with hammers and turning cogs with crowbars we opened the bag that cranston had carried here in order to do the same .
` ` and one last thing , jack ?
` ` family is the most important thing , do you not think ? ''
next thing i know we roll in here and the tub of lard goes terminator on the neighborhood .
its a cop thing .
all things considered , a good place for thieves and killers .
but i did knew one thing for sure .
there s one other thing , jankowitz said .
the last thing he wants to do is spoil tonights fun with the weapon , but he knows there s always a risk things could go wrong .
some things are falling into place for me and i d like to run them down to you all .
good thing you re not sayin anythin , grotbag , natalie went on .
food and rest is the first thing .
ill see to it that she gets there first thing in the morning ; she s in a late shoot in miami .
you are forgetting one thing , actually .
if you get caught do nt worry about a thing , madame president .
i m taking this one thing at a time .
jaclyn did nt ask mrs . sullivan one important thing .
that s one thing taken care of .
she did nt know or care what they thought of her dressed like this , but there was one thing certain they were right in giving her a wide berth as she power walked across the red and white checkerboard floor to the escalator .
still , one thing bothered him and made him shift his weight from left to right and back again multiple times : how ?
do nt worry about a thing : ill have the best fighting force the world has ever assembled fighting next to me .
that s the second thing i want to discuss with you .
she ticked things off in her mind : chillings men had taken her walthers , her hud , her blackberry , her ipad and her utility belt without a clue as to where they stashed them .
his sons safety was the only thing that mattered to him at that moment .
i already forgot about the entire thing .
the most important thing to him was that he d gotten away with being up close to a girl once again .
before anyone had a chance to answer he said , the main thing i want to know is , does he have that that gameness and ability to finish a fight ?
without a second of reflection , cruz continued , well , the important thing is he ca nt work for us anymore .
and one other thing ...
there s only one other thing .
first thing , shed need to ditch the phone .
the most important thing is to find out what s happened to storm .
i was reluctant to pry into storms things , but was interested in what georgina had told me about her botanical art , and when i got back to the flat i looked around the living area .
yes , that sort of thing .
more of a psychological thing , you mean ?
one thing which came up several times , though , and struck a chord with me , was reference to the power of forgiveness forgiveness towards both self and others and against my will this got me thinking about storm and whether i should try to track her down and somehow make amends .
the allopaths like things neat and tidy if they can find a single , organic diagnosis , whether its lead poisoning or a brain tumor or vitamin deficiency or whatever , which accounts for all the symptoms whether they re physical or mental ones , that s usually thought to be best all round .
and lately , if there was one thing you could count on , it was things getting out of hand .
only one thing bothered me .
then someone called for me , not on my number , and next thing i know these two spooks showed up outside at i avoided mentioning any names .
but the thing that kept pushing its way to the front of my mind was that i wanted to join frank and his mystery organization .
the only good thing about that was that we did nt have to turn it over to the fbi or dea .
that was the only thing that clouded our initial assumption .
the whole thing did nt seem to faze her .
nightingale gripped the knife tightly and thrust it into the closest thing the creature had to a neck .
and another thing , namanda , being developmentally delayed in some areas , would nt it be taking a chance with her if she was given the potion ?
if there is one thing i can professionally advise you , dr . vance , take some time off from your too serious outlook .
one more thing , pat .
and that brings up another thing .
one thing you should know .
one thing though .
jackie , one more thing .
okay , well , one more thing .
it 's the last thing on my mind right now , evanford sharply replied .
this should be the last thing for you to worry about right now , selena said through her teeth , lighting a second match .
the most important thing now is to keep moving , or else fear car paralyze in the middle of the way .
but the most important thing here is my wish .
of course , her appearance is the last thing to worry about right now ... how are you related to her ?
and yeah , there 's one thing .
to hell with it ... maybe sometime later i 'll regret losing the mansion , but right now there 's one thing i know for sure i do n't want to be neither mary nor deborah , the girl replied with fatigue .
but you know , this is the last thing i want to discuss right now ... let 's go get some fresh air , what do you think ?
whether you can ever trust her again is another thing , but she might have been forced to leave you .
sure , there were still some questions about our past i needed answering but there was one thing i was nt questioning .
almost ready to go ; just one more thing .
just one more thing ... we both looked up at him quizzically .
only one thing , though ... what s that ?
no resentment , no tears , no hard feelings or any overwhelming desire of revenge , just the sheer joy of knowing that things are taking their place in the long chain of events , as it is expected .
hospitals , cemeteries , morgues , car crashes , wars ... mr . saussure , the only thing i could help you with is your own grief .
uh , one more thing sir yes ?
then he added , and one more thing , iordacheif you overcook the pig again , it shall be your head .
the only sentiment expressed that day was pa saying that ma thought the spot where we buried her was a perfect place for pondering things .
` ` there was one other thing .
a lot of things bothered him , but making money was the only thing he worried about .
a lot of things bothered him , but making money was the only thing he worried about .
it always seemed to remind him of his partnership issues , and that was the last thing he wanted to think about .
the whole nightmarish confrontation played over and over in his head , and the one specific thing that stood out was jians reference to americans .
it was one thing to visualize himself as a cello in the mirror , but it was something else altogether when the phantoms of his imagination began vocalizing out loud .
there s one more thing you need to consider .
the other members would have gladly disassociated themselves from him except for one thing .
the only thing on her mind was collecting the twenty - five thousand dollars .
she agrees with dr . logan on one thing , at least , they ve got to be organized .
in this instant jennifer detests these children - not that they d asked , because they are , after all , children , but that even they did nt have enough couth at this juncture to call the whole thing off , to apologize to the waiter , to speak up and do whatever it took to clarify that these damn milkshakes were really not that big of a deal .
they like watching the news because the news makes them feel like they are the type of person who cares about this sort of thing .
then a trucker pulled off the side of the road , and the next thing he knew he was northward bound .
right but its like these people that complain or used to , anyway , i do nt suppose they re doing much complaining now , very many of them about this one thing in their life , this one thing if it would have gone this way or that way , their whole lives would have been much , much better .
but she had only one thing on her mind , and that was to visit the bathroom as soon as possible .
ski thought the whole thing more - or - less amusing , but sarah appeared to see a bit deeper .
this was definitely not his thing .
is it a serious thing ?
now , boxing was part of the thing we did nt talk about .
nothing girls did nt wear all the time in public and they did nt reveal a thing ... but she pulled the hoodie off one shoulder and then the other ... slowly .
she has the whole thing figured out .
just not my thing .
i toweled off my head and started toward the house , but the awkwardness of the whole thing stopped me .
he seemed a bit too amused by the whole thing .
one thing was clear , and getting clearer , they had to wash off the soot .
in the kitchen buck and charlie were talking low , frying side - meat and brewing coffee , and merry gay could almost believe things were back to that morning - after normal she 'd so longed for .
of all things little and big that he had done in her lifetime alone , it was something before she was born that had helped shape him into the great hoss rose : shame for those who could n't feel shame and pity for the pitiable , a heart that could break , and why jesus wept .
so , it was no wonder that he fantasized about her stroking his hair and got hair all mixed up with the other thing , even after he 'd found out that she would marry the wealthy , though bald , mr . randolph harrell .
there was , however , one thing the young racid was intensely interested in : possessions .
best to get the thing sorted now , thought billy .
the last thing , he wanted , was to disappoint her on this special night as he had so many times in the past .
the only thing , he wanted now , was to enjoy the rest of this evening at home with kathy .
tonight would be no different except for one thing ; she was not alone .
tom was right about one thing though ; he needed to pull himself together .
this whole thing left john confused .
the only thing on your mind was getting a high profile arrest , was nt it ?
the last thing , she wanted , was to wait to find out what was going on .
the only thing , i want , is to prove you killed those people !
how about we show you some tricks that you can take home to spice things up ?
the only thing , i care about , is finding john !
the last thing , leo wanted to tell her , was how he had driven johns car home when he was too drunk to drive himself .
tired of all the dead ends with hanging questions , john decided to look at one more thing .
did i focus on the wrong thing ?
josh chuckled and kissed her softly , and since things are calming down , and we are in a great place i was wondering if you d like to discuss a kid brother or sister for jake and molly ?
` ` do n't worry about a thing terry , we have plenty of time . ''
he had told her it was her talent not his acknowledgement of it and that he should be thanking her but , she had said no , it was n't the dance thing .
the only thing important right now is that you seem to be okay .
he had one thing on his mind and that was to find kathy santos .
sam sat heavily down in his chair.what had started out as a fun challenge had become three - dimensional chess.sam did not like having to manipulate so many people so many times a day.it was aging him.well , at least he was nt going to have to fire a good man in the process.he had no idea what kind of marketing manager sheila would be , but one thing was certain.she would look good doing it.sam reached for the phone and spoke into the speaker .
the two men sat in silence , thinking about the problem.well , one thing is certain , jeff said finally.we have got to get all that suprame out of doctor donovans office before anyone starts snooping around there , but what do we put in its place ? ''
the other thing i m calling about , '' jeff added , is that we are having one last damage control , meeting in the morning.the police are all finished here , so tomorrow will be business as usual . ''
must have vaporized between the lobby and the tenth floor , '' she concluded.oh , and another thing i found interesting during my phone conversation.is my phone supposed to click every five seconds ? ''
such a little thing ... yet so important .
well , the decor was the least important thing here .
but one thing you should know is that a good conspiracy theory is a mechaieh .
most victims could nt go to the cops because that meant revealing the very thing they were paying the leech to keep under wraps .
one thing was sure : he was n't going to find any money in there .
is it a police thing ?
one more thing ; and this is very important .
the password will only bother these people for a few minutes ; the main thing is get it somewhere they ca nt touch it .
i forgot one thing .
one more thing chet .
one more thing yes sir .
sir , is this the real thing ?
the only thing that had any motion of reality to it were the few people that were craning their necks and shading their eyes as they stared in horror up into the sky .
one thing is for surethat animal is nt going to kiss me !
` ` uh , one other thing .
the only thing that dana cared about was the email that she had left open .
her husband would get wrapped up in one thing or another for a few days .
next thing i knew , i was being pulled out of a bush by two large officers .
one thing she mentioned really got me thinking at that time .
the only thing on my mind on the walk to little bennys big burrito stand , little bennys for short , was alexs invitation to dinner .
our faces were inches from each other and i m not sure who initiated it , but next thing i knew , caitlins tongue was tickling my small intestines .
alex overheard the conversation and the next thing i knew she pulled out a sawed - off shotgun and said she was coming with me to the lighthouse .
caitlin said passively , there was one thing .
but there s one thing still bothering me .
things are just getting too complicated ; so i arranged a deal with the benefactor to get you out of the country .
the important thing is what we do is nt it .
the important thing is that we are prepared to take action .
i wonder if i should get an alarm system fitted or something , or maybe get a gun for protection or maybe just go after him like some sort of vigilante thing .
things like have they been in touch with the police , are there any further safeguards they have in place , will security teams be alerted if specific criteria are nt met .
the important thing , mark , is that you tell me the truth .
modern tools , modern medicine , they break things down , need to understand the mechanics of every little thing , and that s their problem .
modern tools , modern medicine , they break things down , need to understand the mechanics of every little thing , and that s their problem .
that s another thing , i think , that ill need to work on , what s the point of living forever if you ca nt remember anything .
but listen , about the sex thing forget it says nadia .
in that moment , he knew only one thing : he had to get up and move or jim would die .
it had been too long since he d had to concern himself with such a thing .
the entire thing was so awkward and uncomfortable .
because ... for one thing ... its probably freezing .
it was the last thing he wanted to discuss .
commander , in your rashness , you forgot about one thing .
but rick had been right about one thing .
oh , boys , one more thing , dr . percy calls after them .
olivia removed her husband 's hands from her shoulders and said , ` ` you forgot one thing .
` ` another thing , '' he continued .
the next thing i knew my shower curtain had been ripped open and sam stood there , completely naked .
immediately she forwarded it to nathan and debated whether or not to tell cameron because the last thing she 'd want him to do was postpone his business trip and lecture her again .
the only thing that matters to me is that you 're okay . ''
` ` and one more thing , '' mimi said .
the next thing she knew he had shoved the barrel of the gun in her face .
after the episode in the hall , her life was nt the only thing at riskher virginity was too !
` ` shane , there is one more thing .
the only thing that was more important was protecting our secret .
this was all interesting to shane , but the only thing i wanted to know was who the new stonecutter suspect was .
` ` one more thing , the partners have decided to delay any decisions about your future here until after the kline case is over , '' terrance said .
he approached him until the only thing between them was the mound of dirt .
one more thing , we may need to reach you in the future .
the next thing i know , he asked if i would be interested in showing him some of the restaurants in town .
he started wrapping things up , charging the family to accept god 's will and trust that edwin was now in ` ` a more glorious place . ''
` ` you 're right about martin and the sex thing , '' she said .
i ' ve been out of money for two weeks , eating mostly out of the garden , and hoping and praying every day that chet would show back up and take care of a few things . ''
` ` one more thing , will , '' danny called to him .
the whole thing was getting more and more confusing .
and one other thing , will . ''
` ` oh , there is just one other thing , danny .
` ` just one other small thing , '' will grinned .
` ` one other thing , guys .
that 's the first thing ... you got a place ? ...
` ` well answer the thing ... dios , '' the mexican spat .
also , one more thing .
academic analysis was the last thing on her mind , but matt would have no idea she was worrying about being a suspect in the assassination .
` ` oh , and one more thing , '' alyssa added as the pilot turned back to look at her .
rays still on the run and so it would make sense to a lot of people if we went into her place and started busting things up .
one thing bothered me though .
one thing for sure , he would nt be running any more hundred - yard dashes .
for one thing , a holster fitting the small of the back and a gun fitting it might prove fruitful .
justin asked again , ` ` the one thing i asked you to look after ?
the expression undermined the wealth of emotion hidden just below its surface , ` ` what if its the only thing that is important ? ''
one last thing , counselor , blue flashed her overbite again .
james was normalising his routine , which was a good thing , as it meant that things were getting back to normal .
seriously though , george , try not to worry about the tyre thing .
` ` so you will deal with the bid , the paperwork ... ... the english are so good at this ... ... my friends will deal with the local situation ... ... .. the letters of support from the ministry signed by the minister ... .. that sort of thing ... .. no problem ... ... the architects plans , the technical things , anything you need to go with the bid ... ... .. we will see to that ... .. we are very good at that ... .. just ask .
strong coffee usually fixed things especially if he just sat quietly , talking to himself whilst waiting for the caffeine to circulate through his system .
` ` this , of course , is precisely the sort of thing you have expressed an interest in helping with .
the important thing is to remember your key code : @ ( j k ) 2112 $ kerkman .
` ` and one other thing ... ... .. '' guido 's boyish voice from the blank screen paused .
` ` and one last thing , hugh .
the main thing was to avoid doing anything that might make me conspicuous ; all my troubles so far had risen from that blasted parachute .
the next thing i knew carnac had seized me by the hand and was saying urgently , claydon , claydon , ah , mon pauvre , can you walk now ?
well , if you 're feeling more comfortable now that 's the main thing .
one other thing , he said , i spoke to the patron just now .
one thing , he has to get home to the dog and the goats , but also he can not think of a single encouraging word to say to the people there , and he for sure does nt want to stir up another outburst from the woman they call sis shirley .
its probably a good thing that he s sitting so far back from his steering wheel .
the stones were never the important thing for her ; it was always about her family .
oh and one more thing : rack out as soon as your relief shows up .
one more thing , jon says as he remembers the last letter shed sent him in iraq .
it was the one thing she could nt get him to open up about .
this is , like , the only thing were ever on the same page about .
the one thing i have nt thought of yet is where were going to grab lucy .
hey , jon , one more thing bro .
i ve been thinking about just that sort of thing since these fine folks told me you two were coming .
grace edwards had contracted the work out to several individuals who specialized in that kind of thing and the three men had worked on the model from the time the news had broken of denises unfortunate demise .
i see that you ve become sensitive about the weight thing .
he thought the seating must be a social thing , since it was n't necessary .
but there was one thing to do first .
next thing she knew , elaine was struggling against the man .
he must have drifted off into some kind of semi - sleep , because the next thing he knew , he was shaking his head to clear it , and water was again tugging at him and splashing over him .
the next thing she heard was the explosion .
` ` you know , mackenzie , majority opinion was right about one thing .
ok , one thing which occurred to me before you told me about gladstones reaction , was that he wo nt worry about the effect on his career .
we ca nt discuss details of ongoing investigations lena , but there s one more thing i d like to ask you before showing you a photograph , and then we can take a statement from you , its just routine .
one thing before martha comes in olivia , said prentice , wanting jones to observe the body language , being the only person other than cartwright to know of the illegal dna test , i wanted to ask if you had spoken to your mother again about gladstone .
sure thing , mr . shefford .
` ` oh , one more thing , '' alexander said determinedly , rising from his great chair .
` ` mr . president , may i be candid on one small thing ? ''
` ` there was one more thing , '' he said .
` ` this does n't have to be an everyday thing .
and you are wrong about one thing , my friend , the storm is already here .
could it be a union thing ?
she did nt know how long she was going to enforce that invisible line , but one thing was for certain : a romantic getaway to the top of the world was not going to make it easy .
ohthere is one more thing , miss cox , he added , red patches the size of cherry tomatoes blossoming on his cheeks .
was that one more thing to worry about , she thought ?
kate had become an obsession , but it was one he would live with , in the absence of the real thing .
one thing was clear ; it would be a mistake to annoy him any further by asking stupid questions .
and doctors were the worst kinds of people to talk to about this kind of thing .
devon had one more thing now .
but it was one thing to face death in the abstract and another to stare it right in the face .
and do nt worry about the baby ; i ve been told all my life that men have one thing on their mind .
its a business thing , i said , deciding to try the truth .
we ve got a very important transaction in the works , and if he s not compos mentis within the next few days , the whole thing could very well go down the pan .
that s a thing ?
if there s one thing a businessman knows well , an expensive drink concludes all important deals .
that was the other thing tokin was specific about .
business was completed and neither of them had another thing to talk about ; taro also got the feeling that neither of them had another place to go .
i wonder why clay pots always crumble ? , i thought , but that was nt the only thing i was thinking about .
you lost your memory , i should do something to help you , and instead i m just talking about one thing , she said , looking at the park with blank stare , as if she did nt see what was in front of her .
music was moms thing .
no , that was moms thing .
which is another thing i wanted to talk to you about .
like i said , never had a reason to worry about that kind of thing before .
do nt worry about a thing , will assured .
i could see that he was trying to frighten me with the one thing that most frightened him .
there 's just one thing we ca n't figure out .
but there is one other thing that i must tell you .
the co - pilot smiles , and asks , little touchy about the bartender thing , huh ?
they re about to hang up , when marcus interjects , about the girl there s one more thing .
not a single thing about sports , friends , girls just a whole lot of he stops and says , holy cow .
uh there s one more thing , and you re not gon na like it .
we do nt know the exact death toll of this virus , but one thing is for certain .
lies upon denials , until the whole thing is so sordid .
then she brightened slightly , though you were back , and i knew they would nt do a thing with you there .
without toby to share the weight , she seems to have the whole thing on her shoulders .
` ` why could n't one thing go right for me ?
fancy clothing was n't my thing .
stacey did n't do a thing .
he had nt even considered such a thing .
she felt almost ashamed of herself to be complaining about such a small thing , especially after the fear room .
we have cameras for that sort of thing .
well there is one thing , yeah ?
that 's one less thing to think about .
next thing i know he s been beaten up and i m talking to a cop investigating the incident .
i , for one , was thrilled to be handing the whole thing over to the cops .
zanna had always been a very constant little thing .
you ' ve been through a lot , dear , so you just rest and do n't worry about a thing . ''
ian was less complacent about the whole thing .
one other thing that i had filed away for thought in a quiet moment like this , was , who told the gendarmes that i was in lyon the night of the most recent murder ?
another thing that puzzled me , was why the police questioned henry and i ?
she had forgotten one thing though .
as it stood now , she had just one thing to go on .
one more thing , agent monello , he called to her as the guards came in to lead him out .
then , just a half hour shy of the partys onset , there was one thing left on her mind .
the only thing of importance was getting to texas , no matter how much her mind and heart both screamed at her to turn around and just fall into herself forever .
but the beauty of the car she got was the furthest thing from her mind .
he was actually on a commission about unemployment , and do the foreigners get most of the jobs , that kind of thing .
just one thing worried him .
i was on the verge of exposing the whole thing .
and just one thing .
one last thing , however .
but if there was one thing master jeremiah had forgotten it was that all things must come to an end .
the most important thing was the decoration in the grand hall where the ceremony was to take place .
we may not always understand everything , the ways of the lord are mysterious after all and indeed , who are we to understand god , yet the important thing is to keep essential things in mind .
we may not always understand everything , the ways of the lord are mysterious after all and indeed , who are we to understand god , yet the important thing is to keep essential things in mind .
but i did all the work helping jeremiah to get the info on the people and i m bringing this to you hey , the first thing is between you and jeremiah .
oh , and heres just one more little thing that ll require your signature .
we never look for that sort of thing .
the only thing left on peoples minds was the show .
i thought it might hav ' been some sort of religious thing , you know ?
` ` one thing , louie , if we find that someone has hurt maria .
i must have lost consciousness for a brief period , because the next thing i remember is staring at my blood on the clean ceramic tiles and thinking , ` ` that 's why this room is so easy to clean ; they can hose all the blood down the drain . ''
` ` frankie is the most important thing in the world to me , louie , '' he said , his voice a croaky whisper .
he slowly pulled out of the station and continued going east down the long dark road not sure of where he was heading or what was going to happen , but one thing he was sure of he would do whatever it took to stay out of that prison , well almost anything he hoped .
its just that i never watch tv when i eat , just a thing with me .
oh , one more thing , warden that you may not know , before stewart got into the computer business he was classified in the army .
joyce was a very private person , and the whole thing would probably be the source of much gossip and speculation soon enough .
and if johnson leaves the filming side of things all to his mate jerry , then he s the man to discuss it with .
she suspected that his grudging cooperation was more about catching another eyeful of little miss fluffy , but she had got it , and that was the main thing right now .
that t - shirt was a one of a number of things actually that were nt looked into properly , but it was the one thing that could have led straight to some other suspect and helped clear our neil .
the one thing josie could never figure out was why she had fallen for the act .
the door locked behind her while she was still wondering if she should n't just forget the whole thing .
the paintings are the last thing she checks .
it 's a mental thing , not a physical thing .
the thing that matters is whether or not josie can convince that jury that they ca n't be totally sure who you are , or what you did .
` ` the only thing i feel bad about is fritz hurting hannah . ''
i knew she would nt change a thing herself and braiding i could do .
no , i m serious about the appetite thing .
next thing i knew , two hands , almost simultaneously , touched my shoulders , bringing me back to reality .
next thing i knew i was transferred once more , but whoever held me now , sat .
one more thing would nt matter .
the next thing i knew , the waitress set everyones drinks on the table .
next thing i knew , it seemed i was flying and had to laugh some more .
she grabbed the envelope from the top of the box as i set the whole thing on my bed .
i know they are more wise than i am and following their advice on this one thing wo nt kill me .
i ' ve heard you americans are clever with this sort of thing .
smythe said , and one more thing , lieutenant i do nt want you going along with prentice .
we could n't make it through the german 's wire because our damn artillery did n't do a thing to it .
prentice had the job of helping him out with that sort of thing .
one last thing , miss christensen .
he settles on a compromise and laughs awkwardly , conspiratorially : - you know us police constables , we can never stop asking questions about any little niggling thing we do nt understand ... he smiles gallantly ; we are not so different from scientists in that respect .
there is one more thing , lone .
the blonde sidekick struggles to adjust the volume control on the recording system , to ensure the words are captured : - - there was one thing in all this that made no sense to me at allyoure not jewish , are you lucienbut then i started digging around your family history a little and struck gold , solid gold !
but there s one thing i have to know : just confess to the murder lucien , just confess tell me what you did to him !
just one last thing , continues jones , looking relieved at my willingness to co - operate .
jones smiles slightly , unconvinced , but says nothing more on the issue , instead changing the subject rapidly : actually , there s one more thing , lone .
but some things stay the same : the candlelit services at this place appear to defy time , preserve some aspect of those terrible days during the occupation .
` ` one thing for sure , we have got to keep low on this , '' bobby said , ` ` if i end up on the news , frank will have my balls for breakfast . ''
` ` uh , yes , '' frank said , ` ` that 's another thing .
` ` great , '' alexa answered , ` ` let 's have somebody else get caught up in the principle of the thing .
only one thing you talk about ?
the main thing right now was to survive .
had five more shots in the thing .
chuckling , he stretched out in his pool chair , listening to the pool waves lap and lap , shaking his head at this whole foot thing .
smiling , she wrapped her legs around his waist and pulled herself up onto his lap , and the next thing he knew he was clamping his mouth onto hers , his tongue sinking in and searching .
going into afghanistan to defeat the taliban , to nail bin laden , was one thing .
the important thing was he had acted on his principles and refused to participate .
i m telling you , microsoft and apple , coca cola and ronald reagan they do nt got a thing on what we got .
its a personal thing .
you do nt want a thing to do with him .
but let me ask one more thing of you .
perhaps it was too personal of a thing to know .
yeah sure thing papa , ill get right on that .
the last thing he needed to do was make an unwilling accomplice out of his friend .
just one thing though , why not just go and ask the guy at inhaled imports who buys sobranie cigs ?
chapter 9 one thing was for sure , rafael needed to get the bodies out of his house .
despite all the implications , one thing was for sure ; the bodies had to go and had to go soon .
the thing that bothered him the most was the issue concerning the attempted hit on him .
yeah , sure thing .
besides a wrangling for power , this was a big thing that separated ciancetta from his underboss in times past .
well , for one thing , what pawn shop was it , cause what if its one controlled by ciancettas crew ?
one thing caught the undercover agents attention despite all the distractions in the room .
one thing caught alexs eye as he plunked down on an uncomfortable plastic chair , the kind you would get for a few bucks at a discount shop .
one thing kept sneaking to the forefront of alex vaughns mind , no matter how hard he tried to beat it back .
he danced with her and he twirled her around like the dainty little thing she was .
things go along , and we all get along , much better when we know our places and stick to them closely .
i just do n't think you can go through life being worried about ever ' little thing .
and lord knows big john 's got the mass thing covered .
he 's pretty good at knowing that sort - a thing .
as if it was the furthest thing from his mind .
` ` is n't the most important thing here to protect the folks a barnsdall ?
he seemed so concerned about the whole thing .
somehow disengaged , like he was compartmentalizing the whole thing .
he 's takin ' that ` ` right to remain silent '' thing pretty seriously apparently .
if she is not wearing makeup , she is still attractive , but the important thing is the people must love her .
` ` oh there 's one more thing , '' jane said .
he tries to think of other things , of trips out with his mother on sunny days in east kilbride when he was seven or eight , of sunlight on leaves through a bus window .
next thing i know i ' ve got my ear against the wall . ''
getting off smack is the last thing helen wants to thinks about right now .
there 's one other thing . ''
definitely not his sort of thing .
` ` oh yeah , one more thing .
` ` first thing lets get a cup of tea .
if it is a family thing should n't they be stopping with relatives or with their kids or something .
believe me , this is a family thing . ''
what the hell it has to do with two silly little girls is another thing entirely .
it would almost be a relief to die , except for one thing .
any little thing could be vital .
i ca nt decide a thing .
we ve one thing for certain , she said .
she s got this idea that you re helping him with some personal medical thing like anal fissures or herpes .
not that i was ever terribly good at that sort of thing .
he winced and thought , one thing at a time , i suppose .
now scott loved and cared for his family deeply , even his wife , and the last thing he wanted to do was to have to cut the luxuries that the entire family enjoyed , but something had to change and fast in order to keep them financially solvent .
` ` well there was one thing .
scott was a very secretive man and would have kept that sort of thing close to his chest .
` ` there is just one more thing before you go mr . craig , '' elijah said .
there probably was an argument that ensued , but no matter the results of that argument , one thing became clear : scott taylor had to be murdered in order for your drug running enterprise to have guaranteed secrecy .
` ` the only thing that grabbed my attention was entries in the ledger of weekly payments of $ 45,454.54 to a ' just in time supplies ' online supply shop .
` ` one more thing mr . minaldi , '' elijah continued , ` ` i ' m sure you said this before , but what bank were these accounts from again ? ''
` ` last thing mr . amherst , '' elijah said .
what cases lay ahead for elijah are uncertain , but one thing is for sure : his personal fight in support of liberty and justice for all will carry on unabated .
personally - and i mean you , as ' in person ' - go there and pack the whole thing up .
but there are two reasons not to dismiss the whole thing out of hand . ''
` ` there is one more thing that may explain the persistent gossip about hitler 's jewish impurity .
` ` bauer '' - i said - ` ` one thing i regrettably neglected to mention in my job application form is that i am telepathically - challenged .
youthful folly under wraps and that sort of thing .
i enlarged them and enhanced certain features : contrast , that sort of thing . ''
` ` one more thing '' - advised me hulk - ` ` there 's another team in town and they may not be as understanding and as gentle as we are .
` ` one more thing , '' he said as he hung the coat on the hall tree .
i downed my bourbon , ordering another , giving the whole thing some consideration .
christ , he d probably telephoned me all those times wanting to call the whole thing off .
especially the thing with the pill bottle , it was too absurdly tempting a path to be lead down .
had i fueled it , as irrelevant as such a thing might be ?
i glanced around , looking for any other splots , thought perhaps an odd dark of the carpet was something , but even if it was , it was the sort of thing no one would stop to examine , would nt see it unless they were looking for it .
without any confidence , i flatly said yes , then , getting a feel for the thing , i chuckled , apologized for being a bit groggy , said i d been a little bit busy all night , was nt quite awake , asked what the date was .
i considered saying through the week , but decided there was no need to complicate the thing , just asked for through until tomorrow morning .
likely , it d just been a principle thing , there was no way someone who realized their apartment had been entered by a stranger would nt lock the door , next time out .
the waitress brought some coffee and he asked her how things were going .
one final thing , kathy had queried .
one last thing , my name is nt mic , its malcolm .
actually , one last thing , could you do me a small favor .
but the important thing is , this needs to be kept safe until it can be deciphered , rock walked back into the kitchen .
he did seem a little calm about the whole thing , she said .
the last thing i want is to get into an open contest in the airport , that s not going to end well for anyone .
one last thing , he said .
what i mean is that have you noticed anything suspicious , anybody following you , watching , that kind of thing .
one more thing rock .
one last thing , if you get out , head towards an airport , the helicopter wo nt be able to follow without clearance from the tower .
garnet had spent almost three decades planning his superstructure , he was not going to allow a little thing , like money , to stand in the way of his dream .
he interrupted carver , saying , there is one other thing .
you just do n't hear about it much because people do n't talk about it as an everyday type casual thing , they hide it .
one other thing , doc .
it was the first thing in as long as he could remember that she seemed excited about .
laroches political survival instincts were correct , in that the media played the whole thing up like a waco .
she was a beautiful little thing , like a lot of those coloured kiddies are .
all that sort of thing had lain dormant for quite some time .
rorie had a way of complaining that made sasha feel she blamed her for the whole thing , and in the end she told her sister to go home and leave the detective work to her .
it was the only thing that had spoilt his face .
the only other thing on the agenda today is the demonstration of the new payroll tool that bill is developing .
its not easy to tell who the forum posters are and there will always be fringes who talk about this kind of thing .
sounds like a sabbatical where you can really focus on one thing and not be bogged down .
things were going his way this morning because everything snapped into place within an hour or so .
and no problem on the purchase order system , i think this might end up being dons next thing .
before moving back to work there was one more thing bill wanted to do .
wait there s one more thing .
even if he wanted to go to chilvers and spill the beans , there were several things against such a course of action .
the one thing he did nt know was how to get hold of ryan edelman .
i only put it in those terms because that little girl seems to be the one thing none of you lying bastards cares about not you , not lyons and not your slimy friend kriek and his filthy lucre and his talk of consequences .
i m interested in one thing alone .
do you know the sort of thing ?
it was it was another thing he d had to abandon , of course , along with the rest of his glorious career .
he gives me some sass but i give him more , so next thing i know i m in the kitchen .
and dropping the whole thing did nt solve the problem of zeke ravella .
next thing i know , i m across the street from ravellas apartment building .
i think its almost the only thing the catholics ever nailed .
however , one thing intrigues me about that .
` ` he 's leaving on the next thing smokin ' , i assure you .
` ` and one other thing , arrica .
the only point missing from her presentation was the most important thing : the name of a restaurant .
the act was not a small thing , it was nearly incredible , simply that someone still took the time , paused in their rush to surprise a friend and make a day memorable for something beyond the self .
stock analysts and tech gurus started discussing the product , but one thing was clear to judith : no one knew what the product did , and no one knew what it was .
one thing is for sure , i ca n't wait to hear about you and your dear old dad . ''
` ` i wish but it is a family thing . ''
something like that , oh , and there s one other thing .
the main thing is to find out where matt has gotten off to and i do nt mind telling you , when i heard about this letter , i got worried .
another thing too we need to consider .
the next thing i know somebody hiding in the bushes jumped me .
but you re right about one thing .
only thing he knew for certain he did nt like feeling this way one bit .
the first important thing to hit my desk in months , and i m sure as hell not sticking around here any longer than necessary because she decided to be late for this infernal photo op .
` ` one more thing , jake .
i do n't feel good 'bout the whole thing .
one other thing , lester .
not one thing has been filed .
he 's concerned with one thing and only one thing - winning !
he 's concerned with one thing and only one thing - winning !
` ` i have a proposal , '' she said slowly , ` ` that just might settle this thing . ''
and she thinks the whole thing 's a game !
it 's the only thing that really m - m - matters in this world .
next thing you know she 'll wake up in the shower with amnesia and the last twenty years will never have happened !
` ` one more thing , sir .
the most important thing in his life ? ''
` ` grace was n't the most important thing in lenny 's life , '' john snapped .
` ` one more thing , '' vittoria said .
the clergy felt , and perhaps rightly so , that the last thing christians needed to know was that there was a very powerful anti - christian movement infiltrating their banks , politics , and universities . ''
` ` well , there is one thing that interests me more . ''
next thing i know , i ' ve got a house and a car and a savings plan and i ' m filling out all kinds of forms . ''
next thing he knew dixon was at his door .
lamaison would n't really trust them on a thing like this . ''
i believe he is thinking of one thing only . ''
` ` nobody knows for sure , but the one thing on which all academics agree is this : the knights discovered something down there in the ruins ... something that made them wealthy and powerful beyond anyone 's wildest imagination . ''
` ` the legend is complicated , but the important thing to remember is that the priory guards the proof , and is purportedly awaiting the right moment in history to reveal the truth . ''
one thing was immediately clear to both of them , however .
the important thing for you to grasp right now is this . ''
despite the torrent of questions running through his mind , he knew only one thing mattered now - getting sophie out of here alive .
one more thing to attend to before ireturn to paris .
` ` i have one last thing i need to do here .
rachel could only imagine that a discovery of that magnitude would only center on one thing - the holy grail of nasa - contact with extraterrestrial life .
then again , sexton reminded himself , considering who the man represented , he could be touchy about any damned thing he wanted .
` ` you mean kingdom , phylum , species , that sort of thing ? ''
we need to read climatological markers to benchmark our work - precipitation records , airborne pollutants , that sort of thing . ''
except one thing ...
my guess is he decided to save an aerospace industry scandal and sent tench after you with a bluff in hopes he might scare you out of hiding on the sex thing .
she had no doubt the first thing tolland and corky would want to talk about was the meteorite and the attack , but this was certainly not a topic to discuss in front of a navy submarine crew .
it had been such a little thing , and yet ...
apparently the oceanographer had one more thing he wanted to check .
` ` it 's not a gender thing , holly , '' he said .
` ` it 's not a gender thing , '' he said again .
` ` but i think we should keep this dentist thing away from everybody , just for the moment .
but he was n't about to start worrying over such a thing .
the whole thing was a mess . ''
they were the only thing he was n't certain about .
the only thing he was worried about was having to use it .
so he ca n't dead - end the whole thing .
i do give a shit about one thing , though , and that 's why i come down here on my own hook .
one other thing before we get started - i know you , andy , and frank , accourse , but who 's this woman with the tape - recorder ?
do you think me killin my husband is the only thing the folks on this island have got to talk about ?
the only thing that matters now is that i have flopped out of the frying pan and into the fire , and i 'd dearly love to drag myself clear before my ass gets burned any worse .
all the tubs had to be scrubbed out with spic n span , that was one thing .
the garbage cans in the garage , that was another thing .
and the thing was when you brought the mats back to the house , you had to make sure welcome was pointin the right way .
you just be careful of your elbows around the furniture and missus god 's carnival glass vases , especially when you 're backin up , and you wo n't have a thing to worry about . '
she had a way with words , vera did , and when she really talked a thing up , you could almost see it .
i remember him rollin offa me one night after about twenty minutes of useless puffin and blowin , and his little thing still just hangin there , limp as a noodle .
thinkin it over on my way home from the market , the only thing i was curious about was what joe told tommy and the others i 'd done - forgot to put his bedroom slippers under the stove so they 'd be warm when he stepped into em , maybe , or cooked the beans too mushy on sat'dy night .
her hair was another thing she did n't warsh it every day like she used to .
the major thing was to get them away - right then doin that seemed a lot more important than college .
that fall it seemed like i could see everything but the one thing i wanted to see most ... a way to get clear of him .
even when my mind did go somewheres else for a little bit , the least little thing would send it tumblin right back down that same old hole .
the important thing was that his truck was gone , and with the muffler hangin by a thread the way it was , i 'd have plenty of warnin if he came back .
that friggin eclipse was the only thing she talked about .
i gave the bottle to joe first thing did n't make any bones about it , just plopped into his lap .
but even that wa'ant the most important thing .
havin him grab me by the throat like that made it seem more like self - defense , somehow - that was the most important thing .
i had to figure out what to do with him , that was the biggest thing , but i could n't seem to get far .
' for one thing , seven miles an hour ai n't much more'n a puff of air on a muggy day .
i got away with it , that 's the important thing .
' i know there 's only one thing left worth deciding , ' she says , ' and that 's whether i ' m going to die in my time or in some hospital 's .
except for a squib on an inside page of the local paper the day after , she kept the whole thing under wraps - you could do that thirty years ago , if you were willing to pay for the privilege .
but that seemed like such a small thing at the time . ''
but it 's going to be a purely family thing today . ''
or i should have taken care of the whole thing myself .
the whole thing looked very formal .
` ` just this one last thing . ''
same for the jaw thing .
` ` but the sloop thing ?
she was very earnest and silent about the whole thing .
it 's like a real thing , except it is n't .
a .40 bullet was not a subtle thing .
so the thing is , if carmen fell off , from that height , onto rocky dirt , hard enough to bust her collarbone , how is it that she did n't get road rash , too ?
` ` one thing , though . ''
` ` yeah , lots of girls , and pretty ones , but the language thing is a problem . ''
` ` i 'd like to clear up one thing . ''
` ` one thing , '' patti joseph said .
` ` one more thing , '' reacher said .
and i have to file the whole thing somewhere , mentally .
` ` but there 's one thing i ca n't make fit under any scenario .
` ` just one thing , '' pauling said again .
` ` my pentagon guy would n't get that kind of thing wrong . ''
that was the main thing , really .
this thing is n't going to be settled in any court of law with any dying declarations . ''
then she said , ` ` just remember one thing , while you 're spending your time helping him .
he started out with no doubt at all that he and pauling could get the whole thing figured before morning .
just a trivial thing , like you said . ''
i meant with the whole thing . ''
tell me about the first thing , and spin it so it looks bad for the army .
she said , ` ` the second thing is more problematical , though .
` ` it was no big thing . ''
` ` one thing at a time , '' i said , and started walking again .
` ` one thing , '' garber said .
she smiled and said , ` ` that 's your thing ?
i was crowded and jostled at times , but only by normal busy people rushing ahead to the next thing on their long agendas .
neagley said , ` ` it 's a good thing you do n't own a car . ''
i spent some time looking at riley 's picture again , and then i squared the whole thing away in my own top pocket , and i went back to waiting .
` ` this whole thing was about too much rush .
i was mildly pissed about the whole thing .
then they would be removed , discreetly , maybe in the middle of the night , and the city would move on to the next thing .
his cell phone is the biggest thing in his life .
maybe to him the whole thing was a supreme court precedent waiting to be argued .
` ` the last thing he remembers is a particular cardinals game .
we should have seen that this whole thing is about the victims , not the shooter .
for one thing , we 'll have your brother killed .
all the burnt trees are coming down tonight and if they work things here like they do at monte carlo , there wo n't be a trace of the mess left in the morning . '
for a while they ate in silence , then they talked of other things while the coffee was served .
they have a special branch that we work with pretty closely on this sort of thing , and they reported that there was an ex - gestapo man in toronto , chap called horst uhlmann , making contact with the gangs there , and did we know anything about him ?
we ' ve been doing it for around five hundred years so i suppose it 's got its place in the scheme of things . '
one thing was certain , they had already been through his belongings .
' and one more thing , if you will , ' said bond politely .
because there are some things i must tell you which affect my country .
there must be no untidiness about this thing . '
then i saw these explosions up the mountain ' - he waved vaguely - ' and i walked up there past the station to see better , and the next thing i knew was a bang on the head and being dragged along the path.1 he indicated his bleeding head and the raw elbows that protruded from his torn sleeves .
but today , on the last day of august , just eight months , as he had reminded himself that morning , since tracy had died , he sat in queen mary 's rose garden in regent 's park , and his mind was totally occupied with just these things .
' and that is another thing .
so long as their maskos and nose - pieces protected them from the poisons in the garden , the main thing was to do their jobs conscientiously and perhaps , one day , they would get a minister of selfdestruction appointed in the diet !
but there was one thing that greatly distressed kissy .
one thing that james bond , for instance , did n't know was the machinery at headquarters for dealing with the public , whether friendly or otherwise -- drunks , lunatics , bona fide applications to join the service , and enemy agents with plans for penetration or even assassination .
` ` well there is one thing , james . ''
` ` i ' m afraid there 's no chaperone , but you know , in jamaica , people do n't mind that sort of thing . ''
next thing i knew we were outside bellevue hospital .
` ` there 's only one thing ... '' m. tapped the stem of his pipe against his teeth .
taking the thing a bit more seriously , i gather . ''
` ` and there 's one more thing , '' concluded m. ` ` and this is the real reason why i ' ve let myself get involved instead of keeping clear of the whole business .
this moonraker plan is obviously the most important thing happening in england .
next thing , '' the man made a grimace , ` ` he 's all over my ruddy ceiling . ''
even in such a small thing as winning at cards it must be important to him to be constantly reassuring himself , constantly searching out omens of good fortune and success , even to the point of creating these omens for himself .
one of his objects was to attract into his orbit the same forces that had concerned themselves with tallon , for of one thing he felt reasonably certain , major tallon had not died because he loved gala brand .
` ` just one thing , james , '' he said , and his voice was serious .
( bond disliked white eggs and , faddish as he was in many small things , it amused him to maintain that there was such a thing as the perfect boiled egg . )
do you think i have n't been thinking this thing out ?
but one thing is certain .
not interested in that sort of thing myself .
there 's only one thing ... ' bond let his voice hang in the air .
` ` just one thing , m. there 's a lot of tension there , you know .
even the drama of it , the danger , were fragile things compared with the progress of the tulip shell up the glass outside .
but one thing was certain , for a hundred reasons bond could not afford to lose .
' only one thing , better make it quick and get along .
oh well , the main thing was to get her to go along .
he 's been handling the thing from the beginning .
of course , in a month , the whole thing was public property and poor masters was wearing the biggest pair of horns that had ever been seen in the colony .
he wiped his mouth on a napkin already streaked with tomato sauce , belched sonorously and said : ` ` santos is never wrong about these things .
and i would love to be in your shoes , but for one thing .
one of my pals , he 's the son of the local doctor , talked the thing over with his dad -- - in a roundabout way , sort of .
one thing was certain -- -the secrets were big ones .
the first thing 's to see if the yacht 's clean or not .
another small thing .
the vital thing is to find out when those bombs go on board the disco .
he had no idea what lay behind these doors , but at least one thing now seemed clear -- the meaning of the tattoo on peter solomon 's palm .
` ` okay , but you ca n't be serious about the last thing . ''
the important thing is that you 're okay . ''
` ` yes , and there is one final thing i want you and katherine to see . ''
i looked at the whole thing from the kid 's point of view .
and the whole thing has to be a big drama , beginning to end .
a big one , not some small thing , so i can see clearly . ''
i lay on my bed and thought the whole thing through again , beginning to end , from my point of view .
we went through the whole thing , one last time .
the whole thing was a reasonable facsimile of an ordinary businessman struggling with weighty issues .
some kind of an urgent thing .
one damn thing after another .
the whole thing was like a free - form cocktail party crammed around the edges of the giant dining table .
we all appreciate the seriousness of this matter , and i ' ve taken the liberty of discussing the whole thing with john carlson , also . ''
no big thing . ''
the whole thing had offended whatever shrieking albino bat it was that passed for her soul .
i wo n't say i worshiped joe mckennedy , but it was a close thing .
this thing on the floor between my feet is a classic case of misplaced aggression .
` ` but , '' connor said , ` ` there is just one thing . ''
` ` one thing i ' m not clear about , '' i said .
` ` the only thing that worries me is the weasel 's source inside parker center .
there 's one thing .
` ` just one more thing , fred .
and it gets to be an unspoken thing , at least from her .
to the japanese , the important thing is relationships between people .
` ` one thing at a time , '' connor said .
sienna shot him an incredulous look , clearly mystified that he could be worried about such a trivial thing .
` ` i ' m handing this thing over to the authorities .
there is one final thing . ''
` ` there 's one other thing ... something that did n't seem important , but now seems like it might be . ''
the man looked taken aback , and while sienna 's question was certainly blunt to the point of rudeness , langdon had wondered the same thing .
but before we do , i need to clarify one more thing .
the whole thing was a mess .
and a house is a complicated thing .
a big , complicated , physical thing .
he 's a handyman , got his tools with him , he 's accustomed to using them , he 'd use a hammer for a thing like that . ''
the whole thing was about punishment .
my ass is already way out on a limb on this thing . ''
however urgent a thing is , there comes a point where there are no more places to go .
you explain that 'll make the whole thing more agreeable for you .
because one thing is for damn sure .
it was a huge , huge thing .
` ` this is the last thing . ''
` ` the restaurant thing set me thinking along those lines , is all , in general terms . ''
putting guards into the equation will elevate the whole thing up a little nearer to interesting .
the only thing in his mind was the feel of her tongue in his mouth .
` ` first thing , you have to smile for me , '' the visitor said .
and she knew as soon as she killed cooke , a serial pattern would be established and the whole thing would fall into blake 's lap at quantico , whereupon she was right there to start misdirecting the investigation .
maybe i 'd be better off forgetting the whole thing and selling insurance or something . ''
her mind was focused on only one thing : toby had to get well .
the only thing that mattered to her was that she was onstage , dancing for her father .
was it not the love itself that was the important thing ?
there was one thing still puzzling max .
next thing i know , i ' m booted into the real - estate division . ''
perhaps that was why this whole thing felt so awkward ?
or does the neck thing make it brotherly ?
the only thing that mattered now was destroying max and taking back her beloved company .
but lieutenant carey had made it very clear he wanted this thing handled ` ` softly softly . ''
` ` one thing at a time , lexi .
about ... you know , the other thing ?
the important thing is that you get off them . '
there was one other thing she had to consider .
prisoners have a lot on their minds and the least little thing .
the only thing that mattered was that she had saved abraham wilson 's life .
jennifer knew that patrick maguire was right about one thing .
the important thing was that she was doing what she had to do .
` ` jennifer , you can wrap the whole thing up in twenty - four hours .
that was the only thing we ever argued about .
the important thing was that he was blaming her for what had happened .
yet , when she thought about what michael had done for her , she decided it was a small thing he was asking .
the important thing was that her son loved his life with her .
` ` one more thing , '' adam said .
` ` one more thing , roy .
he wished he could be there to watch nick vito blow himself to hell , but he had one more urgent thing to do .
the first thing to decide is where you would like to go .
the important thing is that you 're alive . ''
he leaned forward and said quietly , ` ` one thing more . ''
the important thing now was to warn his sister .
` ` there 's just one thing more .
the next thing i know , he was only two miles away , reporting a hurricane .
the next thing we all knew , he crashed into the side of a mountain . ''
the important thing was to establish a friendly relationship with this woman .
` ` not a thing , sir .
of one thing tracy was sure : she was not going to let him get there ahead of her .
the important thing was that merton enjoyed it .
` ` it 's a good thing you were here , dr .
her parents had always fought about the same thing , but try as she might , ashley could not remember what it was .
she found herself saying , ` ` what we are doing here today may seem a small thing , but it is important , because it is one more bridge between our country and all the countries of eastern europe .
` ` another thing , no bank is going to be interested in financing you unless you come in with a solid architect and builder .
but no matter what type of building it was , the most important thing to her was the location .
you do n't have a thing to worry about .
the only thing they ever quarreled about was his going away on concert tours .
it 's a good thing everybody does n't know about it . ''
i 'll give you an extra five pounds , and we 'll call the whole thing quits .
not a thing to worry about .
` ` the first thing we have to do is get you somewhere where you 'll be safe . ''
` ` there 's one more thing , kate .
it 's the only thing i really c - care about . ''
this was a private thing between him and marianne , and for the brief time it existed , tony wanted nothing to spoil it .
as marianne rose , john harley said , ` ` there is one thing , mrs . blackwell .
he kept moving in , deeper and faster , and the last thing eve remembered was a wild groan that came from deep inside him and seemed to explode in her ears .
but there was one thing troubling her .
` ` there 's one more thing , '' cooper said .
it 's a physical thing . ''
` ` seymour ... '' ` ` another thing .
there was one thing i was unsure of , though : had i directed cecil b. demille or had cecil b. demille directed me ?
billy rose , one of the top producers on broadway , was not a man to do things in a small way .
last week 's chill there is a thing of the past .
right now the only thing matters is that we ' ve got bad trouble tonight ... and not just the storm .
a small army of town ladies with too much time on their hands ( no doubt generaled by mrs . kingsbury ) has put things to rights , and the place is all ready for breakfast pancakes for two hundred or so .
` ` if you believe in that sort of thing .
christian finds a name in st . petersburg , karol borya , the next thing we know the man 's dead along with his former colleague.liebling , christian and i have long thought loring knows far more of the amber room than he wants to admit . ''
` ` i was standing out there , '' the man motioned to the outer gallery , ` ` and the next thing i knew , everything went black . ''
gettin ' yourself shot is n't going to solve a thing . ''
no , the truth was a thing of the past .
` ` can i just promise to stop drinking right now and skip the whole damned thing ? ''
he 'd been in trial , things had run late , and he was now back at the office tending to some urgent matter .
anyway , his schedule is called the rocket docket because he moves things along .
one last thing , kyle .
there are the normal medical notes - dosage , time , reaction , that sort of thing - but in the main they deal with you , the man himself .
it 's one thing i can put a quiet trace on , but i want to do it over a telephone .
the messenger tried not to imagine what that man looked like ; it was not his place to speculate on such things .
that was the important thing . '
' he was about one thing .
but the first thing we have to do is know what happened - not to me , but to you .
his eyes would record everything they saw , one thing sought above everything else .
bourne drove past the entrance and pulled off the shoulder of the road , the right side of the car covered by foliage ; he had to think things out ... he had to control himself .
i looked across the street at the door of my house , and suddenly a number of things fell painfully into place .
there 's one thing , ' said d'anjou .
' the theft , the turning , port noir , the whole damn thing .
he could see himself at the wheel , shirtless , shoeless , cold beer at the ready , gliding across the water from st . barts to st . kitts , from nevis to st . lucia , from one island to a thousand others , wind popping his mainsail , not a damned thing in the world to worry about .
the only thing that matters is that we get out . ''
i 'll be involved because i have to watch this place and make sure things are done legally , by the book .
` ` one other thing , '' lucas said .
it takes longer to sort things out and place them in order .
` ` there is one thing , though , '' he said with his eyebrows suddenly serious .
go to wal - mart or some place and you can probably get the whole thing for less than thirty bucks .
nugent grimly answered a few questions , said things were very much under control , and if the courts gave the green light then the execution would be carried out according to the law .
` ` why are they so worried about us investigating this little thing ? ''
` ` sex is the last thing on my mind . ''
that whole thing was classified at levels way above you .
but before leaving the building he needed to check one more thing .
but first there 's one other thing . ''
he 'd thought that rush a thing of the past .
one thing caught his attention .
` ` one more thing , hermann .
beer was cheap at the local pizza hut , and when he grew tired of that place , he drove his new cutlass over to the elks lodge and washed things down with a few bourbon and cokes .
` ` ` ` one more thing . ''
the one thing he must not do was collapse the canopy by steering too wildly .
ambler could feel his knees buckling beneath him , and , the next thing he knew , he was on the floor .
only thing that never occurred to him was that , for me , he was what there was to be afraid of .
` ` and , we can agree , the course of history is far too important a thing to be left to chance . ''
set the whole thing up ahead of time .
the twig patterns of a tree , the sap spills , the algae growth - all these things change day by day .
` ` do n't you find this whole thing irregular ? ''
but the morning 's meeting - a review of objectives accomplished and still pending - was now the furthest thing from his mind .
` ` only thing i ' m wondering is , why would the head of vands slovakia be toting a camera through the convention hall ? ''
` ` you see , mr . caston , the course of history is too important a thing ever to be left to chance . ''
` ` please , gerhardt , one thing at a time .
a lot of it 's a blur , but the first thing i remember is the shouting , it was hysterical .
frankly , i ' m bored with the whole thing .
` ` then move with my people or stay off the ' streets that 's final , mon ami .. .. oh , and one other thing .
` ` we have what historians might call a concordat , an agreement between entities that do not necessarily concur on all things but find a common agenda that allows them to coexist .
` ` i ' ve got a gun , lieutenant , do n't you worry about a thing ! ''
` ` the bare necessities travelwith me ... . well , there is one thing .
` ` i asked the normal questions : was he involved , culpable that sort of thing , and he said no , not in anyindictable sense , but he could n't be sure whether ornot he was entirely safe .
i'veseen some very detailed , very in - depth reports puttogether by high - priced firms specialising in that sortof thing . ''
the objective was all that mattered somekind of sanctuary , a place where he could think andput things together and somehow make the mostimportant telephone call in his life .
the main thing is we'rein touch .
` ` but you may be right about one thing .
but i can be reasonably certain about one other thing . ''
it was n't his place to decide such things .
now , hold still , very , very still ... and , gregory , one more thing . ''
` ` first thing , we take care of the leg .
the pressure he put on them was the only thing stopping him from plummeting the full length of the channel to the rock floor below .
for one thing , the old man was conducted not to the oval office , but to the war room , three floors underground .
one thing concerned him , however : why had n't the president intervened to stop the attack against him ?
` ` one other thing , '' bourne pressed on .
but it was the last thing they agreed on during that four - day sojourn in the concrete city deep below the wild , bare - knuckled mountains that formed the border between western pakistan and afghanistan .
he could only have been talking about one thing .
for one thing , her situation was too precarious , too dangerous to get kim involved .
except for one crucial thing .
one thing lingered in his mind , like an angler 's unbaited hook .
chalthoum had been right about one thing : the airliner had fallen out of the sky not six hundred yards from the southeastern tip of the wadi , a body of water , complete with waterfalls , all the more spectacular because it was surrounded by desert .
any one of them could be a traitor , because of one thing she was absolutely certain : someone inside heartland had tracked her isp address to the wi - fi network at the shade grown cafe and had given it to the nsa .
she must have used her cell to call for a taxi because the next thing he knew she was maneuvering him into a backseat , leaning forward as she slid in beside him to give an address to the driver .
' at least on this one thing we can agree . '
' this is the one thing that matters , azizti . '
' one thing is certain , when i get through with you , you wo n't be a pretty sight . '
such a small thing to have defeated him so utterly .
one thing was certain , he would not underestimate webb again .
` ` do n't you worry about a thing ; ' zina whispered as spalko took hold of the back of dr . schiffer 's neck , sending yet another spasm of terror through the scientist 's frame .
of course , the first thing that had entered the old man 's mind was that bourne had hacked into the u.s . government database from budapest , which was why he himself had activated kevin mccoll .
in his section of the agency , results were the only thing that mattered .
the only thing for certain is that it 's quite lethal . ''
` ` the first thing we have to do is get out of here safely . ''
` ` one thing we found troubling was the presence of hazmat suits , '' hull continued .
one thing he knew for certain , however : understanding their connection to one another was vitally important to discovering the secret of the ring .
` ` business was n't the only thing he had a healthy appetite for , '' bourne said .
for one thing , where did all this gold come from ?
` ` for one thing we have verified its age .
` ` murder is a small thing ? ''
` ` for one thing , we know that the victim worked for your late brother in his compound outside mexico city , so a link has been established between you and the victim . ''
` ` another thing , '' she said , wanting to continue to heighten barbara 's tension , ` ` we know the victim left the compound less than thirty minutes before the raid during which your brother was killed . ''
that 's another thing my husband does n't understand . ''
one thing for sure , marks thought , he 's not ci .
` ` the main thing in instances like these where nerves and tendons are involved is how quickly the patient receives medical attention . ''
for one thing , as i ' ve detailed , the pentagon is ill suited to direct , let alone win the trust of our vast array of agents in the field .
in the same way you did n't look a bear in the eye , lest he charge you , icoupov had kept his gaze focused on other things - the broken picture frames , the smashed crystal , the overturned chairs , the ashes of the fetishistic fire arkadin had lit to burn his clothes .
the important thing now was not to lie to her ; she 'd pick that up in a heartbeat .
but one thing worried him .
the important thing was how to respond to this breach of security .
before she could formulate a counter , lavalle said , ` ` i ' m curious about one thing , though .
` ` the first thing you have to do is tell me whether you know where arkadin is . ''
` ` let 's take one thing at a time , shall we ? ''
but there was one thing that frightened him : that damn trough on the other side of the room .
the next thing i know he 's rolling down the window and a gun is fired point - blank in his face .
things - precautions -were coming back to him , among them the unwarranted risk of waiting in an airport 's luggage area , and since he wanted the greater anonymity of economy class , a carry - on two - suiter might be disallowed .
' one last thing .
we want to make things easier , more accessible , and this place is crowded as hell .
' one thing bewilders me , ' said the frenchman as they stood in front of an electronic sign showing the next three hours of arrivals and departures .
sorry , i 'll forget the whole thing . '
' one thing more , ' added jason , tugging at the rope that fell over the commando 's shoulder .
' forget the whole goddamned thing !
if you fail , your life 's the last thing that concerns me .
` ` oh , the max - classified thing you asked me about this morning ? ''
` ` this thing may be foreign - oriented , but it 's domestic turf .
he just wanted us to know what was happening , that ` m ' -- he called her ` m ' -- was leaving with the children first thing in the morning .
the whole thing 's being kept very close over in langley . ''
and that big - titty wife of his he 's got a thing goin ' with the hulk and she do n't give a damn who knows it .
` ` i 'll call the kennels and talk pentagonese -- the general 's being flown to a hush - factor post and we pay double for getting the animals out first thing in the morning .
` ` one thing more could be fairer , monsieur simon , '' replied santos , pushing his immense frame out of the chair and baronially striding to a card table against the lacquered brick wall of his flat .
but we can move , that 's the important thing .
as usual , london is very quiet about these things , but they 're far ahead of you and the japanese in certain areas .
` ` my word -- '' ` ` but you were right about one thing .
` ` one more thing , '' said bourne .
here , i ' m free , and that 's the most important thing in the world .
we spend six hours a day together and he 's getting bored with the whole thing . ''
` ` fine , but fd like for you to keep one thing in mind .
it was hard to appreciate when zipping along at one hundred miles an hour ; things were rather blurry and a handsome landscape was gone in a flash .
` ` we need to get some ice on this thing , '' he said .
` ` that 's the first thing we 'll cover , mr . sandberg .
` ` harry , last thing : can we bring the shuttle down on autopilot ? ''
one last thing : the cell phone . ''
but the important thing is to hold him . ''
but it would be the last thing discussed .
but one thing is for certain : i ' m not going to new orleans with the u. s. marshals .
barry said he remembered the place being a mess , and clifford obviously had been too busy to tidy things up before he passed on .
' they 'll have to wait - ' ' one thing ... alison booth .
insane circumstances had forced him into a war he wanted no part of , but one thing was clear above all other considerations : the safety of those he had brought to the island .
` ` so it was n't a spur of the moment thing ? ''
do n't think i did n't consider this whole thing very carefully .
` ` forget the whole thing . ''
` ` it seems to be a popular sport here , reminding andrea norton that she 's just a bookish academic , while everybody else is out there busy with the real thing . ''
` ` not a thing , '' the doctor said .
only thing that matters to us now is where the bad guy went afterward .
` ` could have been a moral thing .
` ` it was a private thing , '' he said .
` ` what kind of a private thing ? ''
no real reason , because the panama thing was no kind of a big deal , but that was how the military worked .
it had been a heart thing .
but she preferred to forget the whole thing .
` ` there 's one other thing , '' tarrance said .
` ` and there 's one other thing , tarrance . ''
when he looked up , he said earnestly , ` ` well , one thing seems almost certain -- - millions will die if we do n't find a cure for this horrible virus . ''
` ` i ' ve been wondering the same thing . ''
' at least you were right about one thing , junior , ' he mumbled to the state department man .
' forget the whole thing . '
a businessman looks up at the paintings above the bar and sees all these things pictured and thinks , jesus , this is some place !
' there 's another bunch who wanted to take things in their own hands , blow up the embassy if they had to , anything to get their country back .
i assigned a patent to johns hopkins medical and she wanted to broker the damn thing . '
we ' ve got this thing worked out by the numbers , and i mean fractions , so the fewer distractions the better . '
' that sounds reasonable except for one thing .
unclean dishes , that sort of thing .
sometimes the coffee gets out of hand , politically , that is , and the police have to quiet things and confiscate items like guns and knives .
` ` just one thing , '' janson said .
` ` but i know we can get the whole thing straightened out .
` ` i ' m not an expert in that kind of thing .
but then the one thing that you americans have never quite grasped is how very deep anti - americanism goes .
the velocity - distance matrix involved a first - order differential equation , and reynolds number - the sort of thing alan demarest could solve in his head , maybe berman , too - but , relying on trained intuition , janson estimated that the distance traversed would have been twelve hundred yards out , or about two - thirds of a mile .
but the real reason he was glad she had n't asked was that the one thing he did not want to think about was his job .
but it 's also kind of an explore - your - roots thing .
not an easy thing to hide from the household staff .
` ` thing i keep going back to is why ?
it was not the sort of thing that would have escaped their notice , and disarming an octogenarian would have been easy .
the last thing any of us at mobius wanted bruited about , but you play the cards you 're dealt .
those long elegant fingers : the one thing that could not be altered .
lay the thing out , with the whole world hanging on his every word .
` ` one thing , '' she said to him .
carbonell had also been right about one other thing .
` ` but , interestingly , he has n't done a thing with the information . ''
he involved malone in the whole thing . ''
` ` i ' m curious about one thing .
hell , their minds are fixated on only one thing , and they do have to keep the public interested . ''
one thing was certain - he was n't going to enter the conversation .
` ` it 's not a dirty thing . ''
he was concerned with only one thing .
there were stories about the guv , a close personal friend who was putting his machine in place to run for the senate and of course he wanted bennett in the middle of things .
it seemed fitting that they would end things at abe 's place .
the hannas tried to settle the damned thing , made a good - faith effort , but these slimebags in d.c . had 'em at gunpoint .
one other thing . ''
` ` one thing is certain , '' david hanson said coldly , breaking the hush .
` ` for one thing , the mouse i saw die showed no signs of cellular degeneration , '' smith answered , thinking it through .
right now the important thing was to get the ponderous wheels of government turning somewhat faster .
` ` one thing 's certain , '' smith told him .
at the moment , only one thing was important .
it was such an unimportant thing , a street corner protest on the kurfijrstendamm .
bray was sick ; it was such a little thing , an obvious thing , and he had not thought of it .
bray was sick ; it was such a little thing , an obvious thing , and he had not thought of it .
` ` just one more thing , doctor .
you ' ve got to understand , senator , the only thing that matters to me now is me .
experience had taught him that each item had its place in the scheme of unpredictable things .
one thing 's certain , you 're on your way back to stockholm . ''
` ` not a thing , but there are laws and we 're dealing with powerful interests , presumably very rich , very influential people in and out of government . ''
but one thing was clear to brandon scofield .
you 're a very nice guy , cam , and i have other things on my mind - one other thing , to be exact . ''
you 're a very nice guy , cam , and i have other things on my mind - one other thing , to be exact . ''
however , one thing is sacred .
` ` take the whole thing down , chaps , '' ordered waters .
i can not trace the order , but one thing is certain , it came from the m , for antoine lavalle , mouchistine 's confidant , revealed the old man 's intentions .
` ` one final thing , and i ' m afraid it concerns your brother - in - law 's wife , amanda . ''
collusion is the order of the day , mergers and buy outs eliminating competition until you run the whole goddamned thing . ''
` ` one thing more , stuart .
` ` one last thing , old friend , '' added sir geoffrey .
` ` one more thing , captain bonnard .
he was thinking about only one thing : where were jon , randi , and peter ?
` ` another thing , '' sam collins said .
stability seems a thing of the past .
i ' m going to take this thing as high as i can then bail out .
he did n't really try , to be honest about the whole thing .
sandy placed his coffee on the floor and tried to sort things out .
` ` please , do n't change a thing . ''
` ` one last thing , and i should have mentioned it yesterday .
the only thing that matters right now is a safe exit from the plane and a smooth entry into the country .
he runs this place with an iron fist , and he has a certain way of doing things .
i 'd love to sit next to her , maybe place my arm around her , and talk about things .
they sip in unison , then drummond says , ` ` we 'd like to settle this thing , rudy .
tonight the jurors were allowed personal visits , and hoppy could n't wait to spend three hours in millie 's room with sex the last thing on his mind .
one thing at a time or he 'd go out of his mind .
' sure , you 're willing to call the whole thing off !
' i have one thing further , gentlemen .
the one thing he 'd resolved was not to tell him about peter , about his reappearance , his murder .
sometimes the most important thing is just to stay alive .
soon he passed out , and the next thing he knew they were somewhere else , again in a crowd of prisoners , walking skeletons with shaved heads .
he did n't explain further : the scholar would doubtless assume it was the sort of thing that an international banker might well pursue , perhaps in the course of corporate due diligence .
for one thing , the title was in taille 's name , and yet it was not his primary residence .
but use is right about one thing .
` ` just one thing : the couch is a little small , maybe a bit too short . ''
not my specialty , but i know a thing or two about how people spread rumors in the financial world , just to stir things up .
and just one more thing ... '' wearily : ` ` yes ? ''
and right now , that 's probably the most important thing . ''
` ` getting to chardin is the most important thing . ''
` ` first thing , '' anna said .
because the one thing that was certain was that they had to make their way to vienna as fast as possible , or it would be too late .
we had not discussed such a thing , and neither the other lawyers nor his honor had contemplated it .
why do n't you just organize the whole thing ? ''
the only thing for certain was that he would not be buried in clanton .
he had to warn him ; that was the first thing .
` ` corcoran gets on the blower to sir frank , and next thing i know i ' m to fly to goddamned bloody silesia . ''
if there was no one waiting to grab him upon his return , that was one thing .
the important thing was that he was still alive .
he sort of liked metcalfe , but that was n't the main thing .
one thing worried him , though .
come now , we both know the whole thing was political .
usually , this kind of thing is not that significant .
` ` let me show you one other thing , '' michener said .
` ` if signing the concordat is a problem , '' michener said , ` ` we could just forget the whole thing . ''
` ` one more thing , '' michener said .
` ` i am curious about one thing , '' lyndsey said .
dodging bullets was one thing , but air - to - air missiles were another matter .
` ` i ' m not sure it 's the kind of thing a lawyer would normally deal with , you see . ''
right then the only thing he needed to know was why the hell had n't leon told these people the truth ?
` ` farthest thing from my thoughts .
that would help her concentration , because it made the whole thing impersonal .
a change of administration was a sensitive thing , financially .
` ` it 's a political thing .
` ` thing like this , we do n't want to have her wait any longer than she has to , do we ? ''
learned that style was the big thing .
` ` but one thing bothers me .
so it 's one less thing for us to worry about .
the shape and the movement were somehow one and the same thing .
first thing tomorrow . ''
` ` no , the thing that was on my mind last night . ''
reacher could see she wanted to forget the whole thing and take off without him .
' let 's think about the other thing first .
a place like this , a time like that , such things were not discussed .
which rossi thinks is most likely bullshit , but the whole thing has gone completely circular .
' it 's a little late to worry about that kind of thing , do n't you think ?
we can take care of this thing real fast .
someone will get you in , first thing tomorrow morning . '
the little man said , ' mahmeini wo n't take half a pie when the whole thing is on the table . '
perhaps we should turn the whole thing into a competition .
maybe it 's even , you know , a menstrual thing .
maybe he can keep his hands off it , at least while he 's here at home , where he plays toss with his son and makes love to his wife , but keeping his mind off it ... that 's a whole ' nother thing , as they also say in these parts .
butch has nothing against the residents certainly he would give pete wexler a pasting if he knew about the thing with the cigarettes , never mind just reporting him but he does n't like them touching his things .
one thing seems to him beyond argument : if ty is here when his mother wakes up , ty is going to have a much happier mother .
whether or not dale sees it is a whole ' nother thing , bobby thinks .
` ` the big thing ?
we 're going to talk about what happened this morning , about what tyler was doing , the way you separated from him , where you were , what you did afterward , anyone you might have seen , that kind of thing . ''
the important thing is he 's calm .
it 's easier than he would have expected , but he supposes some things you never forget how to peel an orange , how to ride a bike , how to flip back and forth between worlds .
the mad hungarian has never been more efficient , and things fall into place like a dream .
they are farm boys , uwcriver falls dropouts , who split a single salary and are trying so hard to make the grade as police officers that they tend to see things in rigid black - and - white .
one thing 's for sure : it will all come out in the wash , once the herald runs the telltale pictures .
this is not a thing jack needs to know , and time is short , but it 's his technique , and he wo n't abandon what works just because there are a couple of state police jarheads downstairs waiting to take his boy .
sonny 's conviction that mouse got things wrong and they are looking in the wrong place takes on greater inner density .
` ` there 's one more thing , '' marshall says .
the transcendent mood that had carried him down the valley has already disappeared , but he never noted its passing , merely that it is a thing of the past .
in fact , figuring out now comes down to only one thing .
first thing , though , is to make tracks . ''
but his feet , that was the thing .
she had no memory of the thing that troubled him the most : that bloody hand waving limply above the knot of white tunics , striking the chart , and then disappearing .
such a small thing .
such a huge thing .
what he wanted now was not detail but to put his hand to the whole thing .
covering up the death of an agent , or even of a bystander to an operation - that was one thing .
` ` he was running a storefront operation in new york , a dale carnegie kind of thing . ''
that definition is from their charter , and the thing they 're most associated with in the public mind is the energy research they 're funding and supervising - electromagnetic stuff '' and fusion power .
only this was n't a head thing ; all his emotions seemed to be tangling themselves up , almost lazily , as if they were yarn and some bad - tempered cat had been let loose along the runs of his nervous system to play with them and snarl them up .
in the still calm that now filled his head , he understood that charlie had become the important thing , the only important thing .
in the still calm that now filled his head , he understood that charlie had become the important thing , the only important thing .
5 the one thing they had not been able to hang around his neck - as much as they might have liked to - was the murder of vicky .
for one thing , she 'd realize as soon as she saw him that i was lying all along about his condition .
` ` last thing , captain hollister .
he had thought of little else over the last two days and thought he had everything pretty well mapped out ... but there was one thing he badly needed to know .
9 charlie , love- first thing : when you finish reading this , flush it down the toilet , okay ?
second thing : if everything goes the way i ' m planning - the way i hope - we 'll be out of here next wednesday .
fourth , most important thing : do n't trust this man john rainbird .
he had never bargained for this when the whole thing was just an academic problem outlined in a series of blue folders .
hockstetter was one thing .
it would be perfectly possible to put a stop to the whole thing tonight , of course .
` ` one more thing , '' i said urgently .
mother was doing her best not to call her ex - husband a selfish bastard for mentioning such a thing at a time like this .
on the other hand , it was hard to regard my job as the most important thing in my life lately .
and then i remembered that niggly little thing that had been bothering me .
what large thing could jane engle have concealed in her house that anyone could possibly want enough to break in for ?
maybe the thief took some p**n ographic books or some other thing the homeowner would be embarrassed to report . ''
it had never occurred to me they 'd take the whole thing off my hands .
i thought i could keep the gun thing separate .
` ` for one thing , you ungrateful moron , they 'll take you to the hospital .
regina is the most important thing in my sister 's life , she 's ... '' my husband seemed to run out of words .
` ` but as far as i could tell , the only thing that is n't common gossip around here is the name of the female lead , and the strange fact that there was someone in the library who was willing to talk to a reporter about me .
but i suddenly realized that when i was alone , my life was the thing i worked hardest to avoid considering . )
so in the months immediately after my husband 's funeral , barrett 's financial state had been the last thing on my mind .
i worried about leaving john david 's car where it was , but i figured i could n't take care of every little thing .
for another thing , the site needs to be cleaned up before you get in .
for another thing , yesterday had been kind of a tense day , what with the newness of being an uppity woman , poppy 's tardiness , and then the awful shock of finding her body , and i did n't think my mind had even registered litter all day long .
` ` now , i want to talk more about that later , because i know that 's definitely the more important thing , but did you say madeleine was dead ? ''
' just one more thing . '
` ` that 's not the only thing they 're trying to lay , '' i quip .
` ` no , we say it like it 's a dull thing . ''
he 's right - if dekker knows we lied on this one thing , he wo n't trust anything .
` ` i told you , it was just a one - time thing , '' she 's saying .
this trial has been the only constant thing in my life for months now .
what 's the first thing on your list ? ''
he 's having trouble focusing on any one thing .
and numi is the furthest thing from my mind right now .
one thing was certain , the man had died by a gunshot wound to the chest , which sported a massive reddish hole .
one thing stood out immediately .
there is one other thing . ''
one thing at a time , ranger .
now one last thing .
he had to buy it , or they could forget the whole thing .
` ` javier was right about one thing , '' he said .
he ate an early lunch of beef stew , and will said good - bye to the women in the library , explained that he would try to return that evening , but if it was n't possible , first thing tomorrow morning at the latest .
another thing that gnawed at donaldson , because it was an old combat trick .
next thing i know , we got a half ton a ore in the root cellar .
jerrod lifted off stu 's face mask , and the first thing abigail noticed were the ringlets of stu 's curly black hair , then the week 's worth of stubble , thin lips , sunken , red - rimmed eyes , saddest she 'd ever seen .
it wo n't change a damn thing now , but i need to say it , need you to hear it .
` ` thank you , '' i said , ` ` and oh , one more thing .
what 's the most important thing ?
` ` look , i ca n't do the personal thing right now , okay ?
` ` that old man , '' he said , ` ` does n't have a thing in this world to hide . ''
i 'd pour the whole thing into one of our glass mixing bowls and open a carton of cold whole milk .
the only thing i ' m not positive about is if i 'd get cold feet halfway through - if maddie would regain control again and back out , my good shining through the evil .
but the thing that drew my eyes was the burn on her shoulder , just under her collarbone .
` ` the thing you need to figure out is why . ''
redding 's voice took on a pouting tone , but his expression reminded me of a hawk , sharp - eyed and merciless , focused on one thing and one thing alone .
he looked at dean , and the only thing he saw was himself - a god , not subject to man 's laws , above things like empathy and guilt .
` ` there was one other thing . ''
i sat very still , and then suddenly , all the inconsequential details melted away until there was only one thing left .
` ` i ' m familiar with the gist of the game , but i ' m unclear on one thing . ''
michael smiled , as genial as lia had been when she 'd started this whole thing .
and one more thing ? ''
` ` let 's concentrate on the important thing here , '' michael said .
the local police were already there , but at the fbi 's insistence , they had n't touched a thing .
oh , and one more thing before we start , master kenway .
the next thing i saw were three men , who were also making their way towards caroline .
next thing i knew , hague was down on one knee , and the staff of the schooner , wilson and the draughtsman , were all standing with their hands behind their backs ready for the round of applause when matthew hague popped his question : ` ` my darling , would you do me the honour of becoming my wife ? ''
we sail first thing . ''
next thing we knew , the stones beneath our feet gave way and we plunged to water below .
we would have completely destroyed them , of course , but for one crucial thing .
until one exploded near benjamin and the next thing i knew he was disappearing out of sight over the other side of the sand - bank in a spray of blood and sand .
so the next thing was to decide how .
like a fool i continued after the assassin , forgot to protect my flank , and the next thing i saw was a sudden movement out of the corner of my eye as the pointy - eared man danced forward .
10 december 1735 i even though we buried father today , the first thing i thought about when i awoke this morning did n't involve him or his funeral , it was about the plate room at queen anne 's square .
that was another thing that had changed since the attack : betty had become a lot more candid , and every now and then would drop hints about how she really felt about things .
he was always buttoned and neat , for one thing , and he was fanatical about punctuality ; he insisted that things be orderly at all times .
the next thing i saw was the rope , taut and quivering , and i craned my neck , strained my eyes to search the darkness and was rewarded by the sight of miko , some distance below , very much alive , and beginning to climb up towards me .
but of one thing i am certain - whatever waits behind those doors shall prove a great boon to us . ''
no ... for me it was a less abstract thing : i like money . ''
a plot that would be proceeding nicely but for one thing : this young assassin .
in the meantime , ezio , having no time for such things and only chafing against the delay , brooded over the maps and notes he had brought with him and vainly tried to glean intelligence on the templars ' movements in the area and in the region south and east of greece .
there is one thing i want to ask you - about the city - before i talk about anything else . ''
but one thing is certain : you fit umar 's shoes as if they had been made for you . ''
` ` you look just like all the other musicians , and that 's the important thing .
that 's the main thing . ''
he no longer knew what he believed , if he believed in anything at all , and this , with one other thing , was what had preoccupied him during the long voyage home .
' there is one thing ... ' ' continue . '
` ` the main thing is to get all the townspeople clear - those who have n't already been killed .
but the most important thing was to lance the boil that was infecting italy , and lance it soon , before it could infect the whole body of the land .
but there 's just one thing more . '
we 'd need to have the whole thing complete , but you ' ve no idea where the other pages are ? '
' forgive me , signora , but there is one thing which intrigues me - ' ' please tell me what it is . '
but one thing was certain - the dominican , and the apple , were gone .
chuck did n't answer and jimmy looked across sydney , past his daughter 's car , to see sean devine walking out of the park and into the weeds , eyes on jimmy the whole way , sean a tall guy and moving fast , but jimmy could still see that thing in his face he 'd always hated , the look of a guy the world had always worked for , sean wearing it like a bigger badge than the one clipped to his belt , pissing people off with it even if he was n't aware of it .
` ` she did n't keep us real current on that kinda thing . ''
` ` could be baseball , though , this time a year , but hockey 's his big thing .
` ` it 's a little thing , celeste .
inform the bpd first thing .
no big thing , really , no earth - shattering clang of bells erupting in his heart .
` ` teddy , this whole thing , you know ? ''
` ` she wanted me to pull out my thing so she could laugh at it .
i had exile on main st . pumping through my speakers the whole way so i did n't mind it that much , and by the time i found merrimack avenue , the only thing i was worried about was leaving the car unattended .
your aide - de - camp is doing little kids and people end up dying all over the place because he and socia took a couple of home movies for themselves and things got out of hand .
we 'd have to wait until it all came out in the wash . one thing that would n't come out in the wash was roland .
it was the sort of thing that had become a casualty of my commitment to work .
i sat in the shack we had on the beach and waited for him , and the next thing i know he 's in jail , and then i betrayed him . ''
` ` next thing i know i ' m at the corner of quarry street and the off - ramp from the expressway , and i see the lexus shoot by .
` ` it 's having to accept someone 's gone in your head , but your heart never gets completely ... settled about the whole thing . ''
another thing ? ''
` ` another thing , '' bubba said .
and because your husband was first on the scene the night your niece disappeared , i wanted to go over it with him again , see if there was anything he might have noticed - a small thing here or there , say - which might produce a fresh way of looking at this . ''
` ` just one thing , leonard .
` ` -one more thing , and i ' m not shitting around here .
roasting a turkey takes a while , with very little to do during the downtime , so angie and i availed ourselves of the upstairs quarters and ransacked diane bourne 's house until we found one thing of particular interest .
my problems are the only thing that matter here .
` ` you know anything about where he lives , works , that sort of thing ? ''
` ` it 's a race thing , '' devin assured us .
i own the whole thing . ''
by tomorrow , i assumed , i 'd forget the whole thing .
bubba wandered over to the newsstand and next thing we knew he was chatting up the cashier , leaning into the counter and actually smiling .
and next thing you know , in 'bout a minute , germany was threatening belgium and france was saying , well , you ca n't threaten belgium and then rus sia -- ' member when they were in it ? -- they 're saying you ca n't threaten france and before you know it , everyone 's shooting .
` ` another thing ?
storrow went to lift another patrolman 's account off the stack and then pushed the whole thing away from him .
he wondered what it would taste like first thing in the morning .
` ` the thing is , '' joe said , ` ` i ' m happy to straighten things out with whoever i offended .
` ` what about the other thing ?
just curious about one thing .
first thing , patron .
another said , ` ` just give mine a sweet arse to hold on to in the night - ` ` they quieted when lachlain walked by , not wanting to talk of such things in front of him .
the head was one thing , but the waist and the legs ?
` ` chasing killers is the last thing an my mind .
however , the blood had been the last thing on mortimer 's mind when he 'd seen the pale glow of moonlight reflecting off her skin .
i still think she 's off having fun somewhere , but i ' m driving around looking for her instead of dealing with other things that need tending because your boss is gon na make trouble if i do n't .
he 'd awoken several times in the last twelve - plus hours since finding sam in the cottage and had reached for her first thing .
sam laughed with disbelief that such a silly thing seemed to be on his mind , and then her eyes widened as a thought came to her .
of course the whole blood thing was a bit of an issue .
` ` it is n't a sexual thing , '' mortimer said with a laugh , but the laugh died as he admitted , ` ` three council members will slip into your mind at the same time and do stuff to ensure that you never accidentally tell anyone about us . ''
if they had a kill order on a rogue , that was one thing , but like mortals , immortals believed in due process .
bastien has people working on this kind of thing .
she supposed it was some tortured vampire thing she did n't understand , but she was n't in the mood for it , her body was still tingling from just holding hands with him , not to mention the memories of what they 'd done earlier .
jo watched him , eyes eating up the wide expanse of chest revealed as the receptionist explained , ` ` it 's a security thing , ma'am .
` ` it 's a good thing you had all those tools in the van though .
the next thing i knew decker was shouting my name and i opened my eyes to see that i was sitting on the floor of my basement with the pregnant woman , dead in my arms .
we can call her right now and maybe solve this whole thing . ''
dee nodded and moved to the phone beside him to begin punching in numbers ... which told jo they 'd been staying here long enough for the girl to memorize the number of the local delivery places , but she had other things on her mind .
` ` well , it is a bad thing if you 're all so set in your ways and used to sourpuss pants over there running things that you 'll just let him slaughter an innocent man , '' she snapped .
` ` it 's a girl thing , '' bricker said wryly when eshe glanced his way in question .
i stopped in here to check on things after closing and found the floor carpeted in a sea of pea green rather than the shade i had chosen .
you must have called them first thing . ''
` ` oui , first thing , '' he acknowledged .
however , jenny had died , and so that was the first thing he thought of and the worry that now plagued him .
` ` well , it was n't just the concubine thing .
and that was another thing , harper thought with disgruntlement .
this life - mate business is such a delicate thing .
` ` the important thing is that this allows you to at least begin the wooing process . ''
that was the only thing his mind could concentrate on as he hurried up the walk to her villa and rang the bell .
` ` the next thing i knew he 'd bought me another coffee , ushered me to a table and was chattering away at me ... '' she grimaced and said , ` ` brent had been gone for almost a year , and i was lonely , it was why i 'd gone to the coffee shop in the first place .
i was failing him in that area as well , and was sure the sex thing was my problem .
he was n't surprised when she suddenly shook her head and muttered , ` ` the next thing i knew i woke up in that cage in the dark .
in the week that she 'd been living next door to the woman , she 'd heard or seen her giving hell to three neighbors for things that were none of her concern , and harass the local kids for infractions as small as accidentally stepping off the sidewalk onto her grass .
he and his mother had only once dared stay in one place long enough for things like that and this had n't been that time .
she 'd simply mentioned that she needed a cook / housekeeper to tend things while she worked and the next thing she knew - her gaze slid to jake - she had one , thanks to her fairy godmother , marguerite .
he really should have taken care of the blood and fridge thing right away .
jake asked , picking on the one thing that had bothered him .
bagged blood was cold and pretty much tasteless compared to the real thing .
i ca n't do a thing with it . ''
` ` smart - ass , '' she accused , her lips twisting , then looked more serious and said , ` ` i mean the brain thing .
considering he was breed , in addition to being armed to his fangs with firearms and combat gear , rattling someone like him was no small thing .
it had been a small thing , really , a dry jacket to cover her after roth had sent her weeping to a rain - drenched balcony when she dared to contradict him in front of his peers .
and the next thing i knew , you had disappeared .
` ` we 're following up on a few things , but the son of a bitch seems to have cleared out of the area .
in mine , i know that the most important thing to him in the world is that you be safe . ''
so the last thing she wanted was to feel the thumping of his heart in fear or see the very pro  nounced erection she had caused .
the whole thing seemed outlandish in the light of day , except that he had to tie his cravat rather carefully to cover up the twin wounds on his neck .
eight flights of stairs was n't her thing .
maybe it was a guy thing .
he hit me like a wrecking ball smashing a wall , and next thing i knew , i was shaking it off with a giant ache in my chest .
the first thing , apparently , was how to grip the sword properly .
i thought about her , and the next thing i knew i wanted ... well , i ' m a guy .
but the other thing , yes .
was that a guy thing ?
` ` and the next thing anybody knew , he grabbed jason and had him take him to stinky doug .
it is n't about theright thing .
but he was staring at herasif ... asif shewere the most important thing in the universe tohim , and he 'd been searching for her for years untilhe 'd almost given up hope .
it was the most important thing in the world .
` ` the first thing , '' jeanne said , ` ` is to tell us whathappened to bern . ''
` ` aye , it 's a good thing you did n't spend them all .
with a finger , i shifted a few things , not seeing a pattern to it - apart from everything being from places i frequented .
` ` it 's a small thing . ''
she caught a tiny cold down the riviera way , and the next thing i knew , she had just given up and expired . ''
it 's probably first thing in the morning .
life in the fringe is a simple thing , like the people who live here .
but right now , the most important thing was figuring out how to stay alive .
next thing you know he 'll be wearing an apron and popping out babies . ''
chapter 20 ` ` well , it 's a good thing you were wearing a helmet , is n't it ? ''
now , the only thing left to choose is who i 'll turn first once we find the cure .
finding kanin is the important thing now .
getting clear was the only thing on my mind now , putting distance between myself and this vicious demon who could easily rip me apart .
it becomes more of a sensual thing , the desire to offer a part of themselves , to feel close to another , rather than the need to sate the hunger . ''
` ` the last thing i want is to come out of a blood frenzy and find that i ' ve killed someone .
it worried her a lot , but i considered it a small thing in order to be with her .
i took a deep breath to help me get a grip , fearful that my soon - to - be sisters would realize magic was the last thing on my mind right now .
actually , these days , it seemed like everything except getting half - naked with adrian was the last thing on my mind .
that 's the most important thing right now . ''
i did n't care at this point and busied myself texting a message to sydney on the love phone , letting her know that my art was a paltry thing compared to the brilliance of her beauty .
after everything that had happened with rowena , my dragon fosterling had been the last thing on my mind .
food was the last thing on my mind , and it had nothing to do with concerns about weight .
` ` i covered the whole thing , '' said wolfe .
my romantic escapade with adrian had been the biggest thing in my life back there , but neil had barely known we were in the inn with him .
one thing i did feel bad about , though , was that , unlike the salt ink , the blood ink had color .
` ` yes , and my life would be a small thing to give in order to obtain these answers .
now , having come to terms with his feelings , he saw their wrath as a small thing .
only now did she realize that indulging this sort of thing was n't a good idea when , despite yourself , you ' ve got a bit of natural witchcraft in your blood .
' the important thing is to remember where you left your clothes . '
that 's not the sort of thing people discuss ! '
' well , i knows you are , 'cos i 'd soon hear if you was n't , ' said nanny , the kind of person who discussed that kind of thing all the time .
but one thing had piqued agnes 's curiosity .
' well , for one thing ... you 're in two minds about everything- ' there was a tinkle of glass from the scullery , and a scream of ' ach , ya skivens !
' keep the baby safe , that 's the important thing .
but someone who embraces the night of their own volition ... ah , that 's another thing entirely , my dear agnes .
it was one thing the church had n't schismed over , strangely .
' you 'd better run , ' she said , ' or they'll- ' he turned and lunged , and the last thing she saw was teeth .
it was the most important thing in morganville to him - in fact , claire suspected it was why he 'd come here in the first place .
` ` it 's a small thing - i want to see shane , sir .
there were other things going on in the main reception area - a couple of drunks handcuffed to a huge wooden bench , some lawyers getting a cup of coffee from a big silver pot near the back .
shane groaned and rolled her over on her back , his weight on top of her , and kept on kissing her like it was the most important thing in his world .
` ` important thing is to get you out of here .
hannah had deftly moved the whole thing off the subject of shane and sex , for which claire was spine - meltingly grateful .
` ` must be a girl thing ? ''
` ` is this some kind of college thing ?
the only thing she had to worry about , in fact , was choking down horrible , weird flavors of gelatin .
sneaking out , i am sorry to say , is a thing of my past .
abnormal dress was one thing , but loose morals were an entirely different matter .
next thing , you will want me to engage in dress reform ! ''
for one thing , she would have to send round to the queen to alert her to the fact that her muhjah would be missing meetings of the shadow council for the next few weeks .
she is being perfectly beastly over the whole thing .
` ` should n't you be certain of a thing like that ? ''
her green eyes were oddly desperate , as though this , of all things , was terribly important .
next thing i knew , the alarm was sounding .
i shrugged as though it was no big thing .
well , of course , everyone believed their problem was the most urgent thing in the world .
` ` we 're not strict on that sort of thing here .
i had felt a connection in that moment that i 'd never felt with another human being , and while his humanity was now in question , what with his human side dying and his vampire side taking over , one thing was not in question - i still felt connected to him , more than i 'd ever felt before , more than i could imagine ever feeling again .
to get my mind off of what i really wanted to talk to her about , i mentioned the other thing that had been getting bigger and bigger in my head every day .
time stood still and for the moment , the only thing that mattered was this perfectly starry night , and my vampire and me beneath it , safe and secluded in his quiet car .
another thing to reflect on later , i guess .
i ' m not letting a little thing like modesty get between us again . ''
` ` there is one thing we should talk about now . ''
` ` i want the whole thing ... and i want it here , at your amazing family 's amazing home . ''
i knew i should n't , i mean , neither one of us were virgins going into this relationship , and i 'd had my fair share of dalliances , but as i sped along that highway , the only thing running through my head was the various positions he and that woman had possibly been engaged in .
i also knew that she 'd probably watch the whole thing , just to chide me on it later .
but really , as a mother , i was just grateful that they had one less thing to worry about in their lives .
it was such a personal thing between the two of them , that no one else in the family used the shortened names .
our being together was the most important thing anyway .
not that there was anything wrong with the woman herself , i 'd only met her once and she 'd been perfectly pleasant about the whole thing , but she had an intimate history with my husband .
this was not the sort of thing that most mothers had to deal with .
you beat yourself up over every mistake , every tiny little thing that goes wrong .
if just that small thing could be changed , she , and others like her , would n't be the instant elephant in the room .
i wanted julian back - that was the only thing i currently cared about .
finding malcolm and bringing him to justice was one thing .
the last thing i had to take care of before we left town , was watching her walk down the aisle .
but this one thing that would bring excitement into my life might bring disaster toalexander 's .
with jagger , he alreadyhad vampires inhabiting it and had n't done a thing to it .
the conservative patrons with their perfect haircuts and impeccably groomed children gazed at us as if alexander and i were swamp thing 1 and swamp thing 2 .
` ` i ' m not sure what he 's trying to find out , but one thing is certain -- he 's searching for it in henry 's tree house , and through me , billy boy , and now trevor . ''
` ` i ' m fine as long as you feed me coffee first thing , '' i replied mildly .
the one thing i did n't want to change .
` ` in the scheme of things , you will die slowly , in agony , with the full knowledge that the help that waits just beyond these doors will never ever find you or this place .
but new beginnings also meant endings , and there was one thing i needed to do before any fresh start could truly begin .
the important thing is that you took the first step yourself .
one more thing ... '' but she could n't think of it .
` ` the important thing is that i was n't trying to hurt you . ''
but the first thing was to get to david .
` ` i forgot to mention one thing .
he could not allow her life with him to become the same thing .
gregori placed himself firmly between the two carpathians , recognizing immediately that jacques ' tattered mind was focused on only one thing .
there would be no discussion of such a hideous thing at dinner .
she could n't possibly eat a thing .
` ` why do you defy me over so trivial a thing ? ''
obviously whatever they intend is some secret thing not to be shown to outsiders .
the most important thing for her at that moment was to protect mikhail .
he had never thought of feeding as an intimate thing ; it was a simple necessity .
she wanted to do anything he needed , but this was the one thing beyond her capabilities .
the one thing i do not want is to force you to seek me out to destroy me .
the last thing he needed to do was to discourage her just when she was able once again to conceive .
` ` tempest , i would not even consider joking about such an important thing .
she was with him - and that was the most important thing in the world to him .
it was one more thing he had to address - and very soon .
there were many unanswered questions to ask desari , but right now , the only thing that mattered to him was her answer to the one he had posed .
i am relentless when something is important to me , and you are the most important thing in my life , in all the centuries of my existence .
it was such a small thing , but her entire body felt wild and untamed and in need .
` ` this is some kind of male thing i should understand ?
` ` do not worry about so small a thing as this scratch .
` ` in this one thing i will have to insist .
` ` that thing with your hair . ''
why would you worry about such a thing at this moment ? ''
he had vowed to cherish her , to place her happiness above all things and , even without the lifemate bond , honor should have dictated that he do so .
lara rubbed her face against the pillow , arousal teasing her thighs.i guess that is the one thing we do n't have to worry about .
protection had always - always - come first in his mind , but now he was an utter failure at the one thing that was the most important .
the demon in him lifted its head and roared for release , tearing at him with great claws , fighting for the freedom to abandon honor and go after the one thing that belonged solely to him .
the only thing that mattered , though , was getting vikirnoff into her room , out of the sun and away from people as quickly as possible .
it 's a good thing i have a big ego or you 'd crush me with always wanting me to go away .
the sun is climbing , your eyes are burning , the next thing i know your skin will burst into flames . ''
i thought you could only use embryonic stem cells for that kind of thing . ''
it was a chemistry thing .
` ` i have not discussed such a thing with you , natalya . ''
` ` the only thing you have to worry about is the troll king . ''
it was the most sensual thing in the world and she 'd barely touched him .
the only thing that mattered was finding her .
the only thing that mattered to him was getting the box where i keep the money for the poor .
is it a man thing or something ?
` ` it 's no small thing , nicolae .
he believes in hypnotism for things like pain management and quitting smoking , that type of thing .
it was the last thing he wanted her to dwell on .
she was the only thing in his world that was solely for him .
the only thing that mattered to her was reaching the water .
` ` that , i fear , is a woman thing , '' julian declared with a wry grin .
` ` i really could n't eat a thing , desari , but thank you .
she stood very still , trying to see one thing that jangled , that jarred .
i do not think you have a thing to worry about .
he would not think of such a thing himself , nor would he perform the task .
for some unknown reason , thomas 's slights against aidan annoyed her , but it was the last thing she wanted aidan to know .
` ` the speed thing . ''
and the only thing that now mattered to drake was likely killing lucian .
you are the only thing that matters now .
things are falling in place , honey .
she had no thought of seduction - the last thing on her mind was making love - yet she felt a terrible need for him .
was n't her safety the most important thing in his world ?
it is a good thing i reside in your mind , ma petite , or i would have to be locked up in the nearest asylum . ''
was it such a big thing to let him see how much she appreciated this moment ?
` ` aside from the entire naked thing , why is it so difficult to talk to you ? ''
he is n't the kind of man to allow a little thing like incest to stop him . ''
that is only an added complication for you and one more thing for you to be nervous over .
that will be the only thing on your mind .
` ` it 's not my thing , '' maryann admitted , wanting to turn around and run for the safety of the truck .
` ` you are n't exactly getting into the spirit of the thing here .
the only thing that could matter to her was saving the people she loved at the hacienda .
it is a good thing i am not your woman .
such a small thing , but for him , intense .
how small a thing was it for him to allow her to calm the animals , especially if he was the one making them edgy and perhaps even dangerous ?
if it is what you need - truly need - my obedience to your will in that moment , it will be the most important thing in the world to me .
with damon gone , you 're the only thing between us and the killer .
` ` it 's so important to her , the first thing she 's expressed interest in ... '' ` ` wait a minute , hold up . ''
this is no small thing .
next thing you know he 'll be impossible to live with . ''
we did discuss these things , but in the end , it came down to one thing .
we did discuss these things , but in the end , it came down to one thing .
the most important thing right now is to get you out of the vampire 's range so he ca n't harm you while we are hunting him .
sometimes she forgot just how good it was to feast on the real thing .
you can not just rush this kind of thing .
he has done much for us , and if this pleases him , it is a small thing to us . ''
the last thing he wanted to do was pack the woman down the mountain in the way of humans and waste time with hysterics .
the most important thing in the world to her at that precise moment was ripping away byron 's clothes .
practicing to maintain invisibility and then giving the entire thing away by laughing would n't earn her too many points .
` ` byron , you have that one thing to take care of .
tavia was n't the sort to let things rattle her , but she could hardly stand the weight of that stare - even if she was safely concealed in the darkened viewing area behind quarter - inch safety glass and surrounded by half a dozen armed law enforcement officers .
but a thing like this could not wait .
her work life was the only thing she felt truly in control of , and she 'd made it her mission to be perfect in every way possible .
` ` if you two have things under control in here , i ' m going to have a look around the rest of this place . ''
` ` the only thing i care about right now is making sure you get out of here alive . ''
` ` oh and kayla , one more thing . ''
it 's the one thing i ca n't seem to fix . ''
and what 's inside your head might be the most important thing in the world right now - it might be what fixes the world . ''
` ` ' because that 's the kind of thing he asked about !
` ` that 's the other thing i ' ve been worrying about , '' rowan said .
` ` i ' m wondering how i ' ve managed to solve a damn thing without you .
for one thing , he did n't want to frighten her , and for another , their twilight meetings at the farmhouse were much safer ... for both of them .
and there was another thing troubling me .
` ` and what would happen to you and pam afterward ... '' ` ` i ' m not trying to bypass the fact that you would be dead , which would be the most important thing to me in that scenario , '' i said .
let me just say here that normally i have quite a strong stomach , but the rain was n't the only thing that was dripping , and the heads were face forward so i got a good look at each face .
one more thing for ms . rachel to take care of .
` ` why , sure thing , hon . ''
` ` we can forget the whole thing if you want .
i went back to my things , slowing at the telltale scent of sulfur emanating from them .
the only thing between them was that stone church .
not over a little bit of a thing like this . ''
the air blurred before me , and i staggered as i realized the thing had changed again .
a vase of violets rested on the back of the commode , and i was surprised a vamp cared about such things .
` ` you 're home now , and that 's the most important thing .
tess was handling the whole thing like a champ .
but the night had been over for a while , and except for the few hours she 'd been able to close her eyes and sleep , her thoughts had centered on one thing : the urgency to find her son .
another thing he 'd determined ?
for her to explain her predicament to him was one thing .
the important thing now was that he was going to train her .
the school thing seemed like the key to me .
i was surprised that mrs . newton was as worked up about this seattle thing as charlie .
` ` it 's no big thing .
` ` and jacob 's right - about one thing , anyway - a pack of werewolves ought to be enough to protect even you for one evening . ''
we ' ve never involved ourselves in this kind of thing before .
` ` one more thing , '' edward said slowly .
as if i needed - or even had room for - one more thing to worry about .
` ` well ... sure , except for one thing . ''
it was no big thing - a road trip to vegas .
it 's no big thing . ''
` ` but one thing first ... '' he bent to kiss me again , and there was no reason to resist .
` ` it 's a good thing you 're bulletproof . ''
shot the whole thing up . ''
the next thing i knew , someone was pulling my bloody , broken body ashore . ''
that 's why i ' m giving this whole thing to you as a solo assignment .
` ` you 're right about one thing , mira .
` ` vince had a dark look on his face ... next thing i knew , there was a knife in his hand .
and right now , the last thing he gave a damn about was making a group public appearance at the summit , just to demonstrate solidarity with the gnc , whose members were apparently all too willing to throw the order under the bus , or with the humans , who may never see the breed as anything more than bogeymen just waiting for the opportunity to rip out their throats .
and the last thing he wanted was to leave mira again - all the worse , to leave her behind once more in true grief and pain .
` ` when i imagined sharing this part of me with you , mira , it was a sacred thing .
` ` ca n't believe she has n't kicked those rebels ' asses single - handed by now and come strolling back to us like it was no big thing .
` ` before you make that call , lucan , if i could ask one thing for my crew ?
i did n't mind walking around sans clothes , but most of the guests currently on the island were human , and humans tended to get a little antsy about the whole naked thing .
` ` so the reluctance is a pack thing more than personal ? ''
where the only thing that did matter was getting your man and bringing him down any damn way possible .
a thing he should n't worry himself about .
everything else ... the sounds of the other groups fighting , the pitiful whimpering behind him as a team finished off one of the lycans ... all fell away as he concentrated on one thing , and one thing alone .
everything else ... the sounds of the other groups fighting , the pitiful whimpering behind him as a team finished off one of the lycans ... all fell away as he concentrated on one thing , and one thing alone .
but there was no need to discuss such a thing openly with a stranger !
it was a good thing she 'd chosen stealth , for on the other side of that door a new set of tracks started up , and waiting patiently was yet another faceless mechanical , this one smaller , wearing a white ruffled pinafore , and carrying a duster in its articulated forceps .
things went much faster after that , although they all ended up smelling like roses .
` ` a date thing , '' i said , moving awkwardly foot - to - foot like a fool teenager asked to her first dance .
` ` though i would n't change a thing . ''
he 's moving in on piscary 's turf , and you brought me as backup knowing i would fight for your ass if things got out of control . ''
` ` but i find one thing fascinating . ''
i pulled back , laying my hand like a dead thing in my lap .
` ` it is a small thing , ceridwen merriam dulciate .
` ` the only thing between your head and my foot becoming real close and personal right now is my questionable professionalism .
helping trent with lee would be a small thing if he told me anything of importance .
but kisten was the only thing i cared about right now .
it was a good thing she took the time to grab a tissue and blow her nose , because as she was doing that , a fat , black spider crawled out from under the cardboard flap and began to scuttle down the side of the box .
breakfast was a family thing in the danvers house , and claire actually kind of looked forward to it .
michael shrugged , as if it were no big thing .
` ` it 's a good thing i ' ve got to live with the two of you , '' he said , ` ` or i 'd be putting this on youtube later .
he dismissed the whole thing , and walked away , back up the steps .
that one stands out amongst the rest because , despite everything , only one thing really matters at the moment .
` ` do n't you think the most important thing now is not , '' he rolls his eyes , ` ` girlfriend , boyfriend drama , or taking a breather , but figuring out what the hell just happened back there . ''
` ` honestly , that 's the last thing on my mind . ''
` ` the biggest thing is that you have to believe it 'll work .
` ` if toby 's following you all the time , you can control what he sees -- he wo n't find any- thing interesting if you do n't let him . ''
` ` what does toby decker have to do with any- thing ? ''
but the important thing is , i do n't think you ought to let this get to you - ` ` ` ` not get to me ?
next thing you know , they 'll be clawing the carpet and spraying the drapes . ''
poor little thing , all frustrated and wanting .
eve went with him , despite his protests that it really was n't a big thing .
they moved the conversation to easier things - to unpacking , to the vase that had gotten broken during the move ( ` ` honestly , i hated that thing anyway - your aunt gave it to us for christmas that year , remember ?
maybe it was a proximity thing ?
mr . finley was right about one thing .
` ` okay , '' i said , and matalina and jih rose a few inches , sending the scent of green things to me .
` ` this is some female closure thing , is n't it ? ''
i thought it was a , uh , girl thing . ''
making your life easier is a small thing . ''
you 're disturbing reality , and it leaves a mark , but truly , rachel , this is a small thing . ''
` ` then it 's a good thing i ' m not trying to . ''
suddenly piscary was the last thing on my mind .
` ` one last thing , '' he said , an odd glint in his eyes .
the next thing i knew she had wriggled underneath the canvas and disappeared inside the tent .
but one thing was certain - i had to find out .
one thing was certain - i could n't do it in the van .
is it simply an age thing ? ''
he or she was supposed to be , at any legal thing that involved their people .
she spotted me in a crowd one night in london , and the next thing i knew she was demanding to know what i was .
one thing at a time , and you explain to me what it does , okay ? ''
after all , the important thing was to get herself someplace where she felt safe , where she could study .
they sat out in the living room , chatting about nothing , not talking about the thing that was most important : what to do .
one thing was certain : jennifer would see her the second she opened the door .
it hit her then that there was another impossible thing she 'd nearly forgotten about , in the press of panic , and she started to blurt it out , then looked around to be sure shane and eve were nowhere in sight .
` ` about the other thing ... '' ` ` i wo n't tell , '' she said .
` ` the important thing is that we know what it looks like . ''
but there 's one thing he forgot . ''
i asked , not sure how elves handled that sort of thing .
perhaps darius sensed her growing disquiet , because the next thing she knew , he stood over her .
` ` not the whole killing thing , i hope ?
and there was another thing to consider .
next thing you know , i 'll be petitioning countess nadasdy to bite old fatty there so i can have company into my dotage . ''
randolph and i were recently discussing this very thing .
it was a good thing , too , for the indomitable lady maccon had other things to occupy her time and attention .
` ` yes , of course , alexia , but- '' ` ` it is a good thing i am to be patroness of your acting troupe , as it is the perfect way to hide pecuniary advancements . ''
of course , in the dark ages they had to deal with this kind of thing all the time .
alexia 's brain buzzed with all these new revelations , but finally the whirling settled on one thing .
no doubt in all his long years he had never encountered a woman of felicity 's ilk - and her ilk was in very little doubt after even a few seconds of acquaintance - who would be involved in such a thing as politics .
but alexia was not going to let a little thing like the dark emptiness of an alleyway prevent her from proceeding with her intent to assist a friend in dire need of sensible council .
` ` it 's just not my thing . ''
for a moment , i thought he might just cal the whole thing off .
the rain of doritos , the bed thing , this ... maybe it 's just that you create too big , you know ? ''
that had been the only thing i 'd focused on from the moment call turned to run into thorne abbey .
being dead seemed pretty sweet , all things considered .
the last thing i wanted was to be held responsible for elodie 's actions , especially now that i was , technically , one of these women , and the words just came pouring out of my mouth .
` ` at least one thing at hex hall has n't changed , '' jenna said .
` ` i- '' before i got any further than that , i saw another flash of light , and the next thing i knew , i heard myself saying , ` ` look , they 're not going to kill you , so maybe you should chil out for a sec . ''
elodie had smoothed a hand over my hair , and the next thing i knew , it was falling in soft waves to my shoulders .
as he started to fall , i went to grab him , and the next thing i knew , we both went down .
` ` one more thing , '' she said , and by her serious expression we knew something bad was coming .
the next thing she knew morgead was knocking her backward .
there was one last thing she had to do with him .
but one thing bothered her .
but the approach of his mind was another thing .
the only thing that was certain was that she was going to have to fight them whenever this van got where it was going , and that she needed all the help she could get .
he had one thing on his mind , and that was the safety of his sister .
` ` the next thing i know , i ' ve got lore creatures in my house and i ' m getting kidnapped . ''
` ` one thing at a time , babe .
he grinned and lumbered to a nearby tree , throwing over his shoulder , ` ` i ' m glad you 're starting to see things my way . ''
it had seemed like the most important thing at the time , the smart plan of action .
he needed to slow things down , bring it to a controllable level while he pleasured her so thoroughly that loving him was the only thing she knew .
` ` because i was serious about that bathroom thing .
` ` i find you causing trouble last night , get a report your car 's been trashed by the very same boys who say you threatened them , and next thing you know , i ' ve got one man dead and two men missing this morning .
it was an old passenger bus , with darkened windows , and the next thing she knew , claire was being shoved up the steep , narrow steps ahead of morley , with eve being dragged along behind him .
` ` the last thing i trust you with is a firearm .
` ` yeah , funny thing , getting tied up and hustled around by hungry vampires made me not notice the little things .
all i know is that we got into the building , morley was making some speech , and next thing i knew , one of morley 's crew was yelling that we were being attacked .
so we need to be sure that if things go wrong ... '' mrs . grant rose from her chair , winced , and rubbed at a sore spot on her back .
one thing was certain - this dead man was no ' longer a threat .
sometimes , things did fall into place .
` ` there 's one thing you seem to have forgotten .
there was undoubtedly more than one set of stairs , but right now , the important thing was getting to the roof as fast as possible .
one thing was certain - i was n't about to let jack know .
a man was in here the other day asking about the very same thing ! ''
but i did n't plan on one thing . ''
` ` but there is one more thing , if i may ? ''
if we let them into our business , next thing you know , we 'll have to ask their permission to take a piss . ''
and even though the problems she 'd had with him seemed to be a thing of the past -- he 'd vowed time and again that they were -- she was wary of becoming involved again beyond anything but friendship .
this was the thing that saddened him the most .
she waved off his concern , wishing she could forget the whole thing .
` ` is it such a difficult thing to answer ? ''
those things had no place in real life , not even in the harshest realm of reality .
` ` there 's another thing i 'd like to know : how did you get into my apartment last night ?
next thing you know , it owns you . ''
and the very last thing he ever wanted was to fear that in his weakness he might do anything to harm gabrielle .
the only thing that mattered to him was that she was able to talk to him .
` ` one more thing , '' hannah said .
claire and hannah ended up at the glass house , which seemed like the best place to gather -- central to most things , and close to city hall in an emergency .
well , there was one thing .
` ` one thing , '' bishop said .
` ` the first thing is to find out if ?
stopping him - getting revenge for all the people he 'd killed - was the only thing i cared about now .
forcing her mind on other things , she studied the twisted , gnarled trunks of the trees all around them , trees totally lacking in foliage despite the fact that it was only early september .
she took in a deep , safe breath of her grandmother 's baby - powder scent and tried to focus on that one thing instead of the fifty - seven other things running through her head .
she took in a deep , safe breath of her grandmother 's baby - powder scent and tried to focus on that one thing instead of the fifty - seven other things running through her head .
its not about what s my thing , he said with a smile .
` ` there are doctors for that sort of thing .
` ` you 're a pretty young thing .
thing was , hollywood style was n't necessarily a value - add outside of l.a . -- and this gracious place was about as far from plastic surgery and spray tans as you could get .
man , the hard expression on that pierced face was right close to an edge a friendship could n't go back from -- the kind of thing that did n't have to do with qhuinn being a tough guy , but rather john being the kind of asshole no one wanted to hang out with .
that butler was refusing to budge on the permission thing ; both of gregg 's reapproaches had been shut down , the one at breakfast politely declined , the one at dinner flat - out ignored .
the last thing he wanted her to worry about was him coming on to her , and when he got to her hip , he stopped and picked up the soap again .
good thing she 'd left her jacket and her weapons back at the house in the foyer , so all there was between him and her skin was the muscle shirt she had on .
when layla 's face froze , as if she had never considered such a thing , payne felt as though she had crushed a rosebud in her palm .
` ` i only care about one thing right now . ''
just as john was going to broach the whole cinderella - turning - into - a - pumpkin thing , his head shot around .
for one thing , although he 'd watched v 's rolling procedure countless times , he 'd never tried anything like it before .
comparatively , it was such a small thing .
going around the end of the bed , she took things slowly , because her body was logy from the drugs , the operation , and the fact that she needed to feed - although shit knew , scoring john 's vein was the last thing she was interested in .
going around the end of the bed , she took things slowly , because her body was logy from the drugs , the operation , and the fact that she needed to feed - although shit knew , scoring john 's vein was the last thing she was interested in .
biology was one thing .
the only thing that would change would be whether that was delivered by someone with a goatee , a pair of wraparounds , a mink duster , a tootsie roll in his piehole ... .
my father did n't care about that kind of thing - or for me , for that matter .
no doubt an aristocrat would want manicured gardens ; the fact that it made the house more difficult to get up close to was not the kind of thing assail would consider .
one thing was clear , however : if throe was dead , xcor was going to have a mutiny on his hands .
man , she did n't weigh a thing .
damn it to hell , lassiter probably did have a point - and not just about the whole sex thing .
she supposed that part was true , but it was also the least important thing going forward : it was more than time to make this about her daughter .
` ` you do n't worry about a thing .
he had mated a fighter - and then freaked when the risk - of - injury thing had gone from the hypothetical into the actual .
he was , however , certain about one thing .
what i find is the only important thing . ''
focusing her symphath side on the male , she read his grid and saw a whole lot of ... well , lust , for one thing .
but , yeah , i do n't know about the whole female - size thing , though . ''
` ` i have one more thing .
in many ways , time had no meaning , but it did have an effect : the longer she spent mulling over things , the more clearly she saw herself , her earlier realizations no longer a shock , but instead something she steeped herself in ... . something she began to change herself with - at first , the dark slash that cut through the wintry vista seemed to be just another shadow cast by a tree trunk at the edge of the property .
he believed they would , and that was the only thing that got him back into the hall .
first thing on his to - do list ?
driving along , he was certain about one and only one thing .
hell , he could have made it so the redhead did n't remember - although as long as the guy had n't tweaked to the whole vampire thing , there 'd been no reason to pull out the skull swiffer and clean things up .
and that was n't the only thing going his way .
one thing was for sure : he 'd be damned if some motherfucker was going to start picking off caldie 's girls .
walking forward , the illumination formed a shallow pool of clear - and - visi right in front of him , and the first thing he came to was a boot ... which was attached to a camo 'd calf ... and a thigh and hip ... . that was it .
for certain , her tresses were the last thing on her mind , but his expression was so rapt and intense , she could not deny him the request - or any part of herself .
` ` this is n't a long - term thing , '' he said with horrible gentleness .
and now he had another thing on his conscience : maybe bringing payne here was not a gift , but a cruelty .
which was a guy thing .
i mean , it 's not a propriety thing - ` ` hell 's bells , he could n't seem to talk tonight .
the only thing that should matter -- your vengeance .
` ` a name is no insignificant thing .
she 'd seen rio turn on lamps and water spigots with his mind , so pulling off a bande on the church should have been no big thing .
` ` one thing , '' monica said , and lowered her voice .
it linked to another thing about plasma physics that had caught her attention : confinement and transport .
` ` second thing , '' myrnin said , ` ` do bring me some books , when you visit .
i returned my gaze to her eyes then , ` ` you are the most important thing to me now .
the most important thing to me ever . ''
what was the other thing ... oh , yes .
` ` i suppose i ought to know this sort of thing , but at home we had a man to do it ... '' ` ` let me , sir , '' said polly .
we send things by pigeon to our office in the keep and then by clacks from the nearest trunk tower . ''
it 's the sort of thing that can slip your mind when you 're busy , i expect . ''
er ... just one thing , lads .
` ` because i know one thing , '' said polly , waving at the piles of damp linen , ` ` and it 's that this lot will need the breeze ... '' she went back to work , occasionally joining in the chatter for the look of the thing .
ver ' good for morale , that sort of thing .
` ` all but one last thing , sir , '' said jackrum , and stamped over to the guards .
oh , one other thing ... look at me , perks . ''
and now , there was one other little thing .
and the next thing i knew , she was allowing me to drink from a wound in her hand .
as she did so , one thing was certain ... that damned creepy smile ... the same one that seemed to be a permanent fixture on edwin 's face , was now obvious on her face .
hunch or not , one thing was for certain : my inner alarm was ringing loud and clear .
he was getting the idea that history , language , science , and literature were al parts of the same thing - the way people thought and the stories they told - and it was real y pretty interesting .
she did n't make jewelry , that was n't her kind of thing .
` ` one thing 's certain , though .
` ` there 's another thing , '' elena said once the waitress was out of hearing range .
it was a small thing , but it was something .
the most important thing on my mind was survival and the bracelet had served its purpose in that .
i shrugged like it was no big deal , like interacting with the god of the underworld was a normal , everyday thing .
` ` it is just that i know that my existence is a small thing to him .
i sighed , not from impatience , but because i was worried about exactly the same thing .
religion was the last thing i expected , all things considered .
` ` hopefully it 's just some twenty - four hour thing .
in my head , everything spun and shifted , rearranging so that things that had meant one thing before , now meant something else .
it had been a while since i 'd had to think about that kind of thing .
i rested my head against the seat , watching her , and the next thing i knew , she was snapping the shade closed against the faint brightening in the eastern sky .
but i am so curious , about one thing in particular . ''
` ` well , i am worried about one thing . ''
that was what mattered , that single thing .
the house with all its warm lamps seemed crude and fragile , a bumbled attempt to make an order of things , which could not compare to the making of one complete flower .
` ` how can you even think of such a thing . ''
only one thing is dear : the old blood drinkers have by now died out , and there is nothing you or i , or the queen and the king can do to interfere in the flow of human events .
it was one thing to study the supernatural , but the reality of a vampire , mysteriously appearing names , and a brush with death must have been a shock to her system .
` ` the most important thing , '' elena was saying earnestly , ` ` is to protect meredith .
and there 's one more thing we should take into consideration : bonnie 's got a lot of innate psychic power of her own .
the important thing now is to fight the phantom .
it 's not the most important thing , either .
` ` garreth , one thing before you go ... you marked her hard , no ? ''
the important thing is to get a clean shot - which wo n't be easy in this crowd - and to make it count .
but he 's looking at me in a way that makes it clear he knows that , and that he 's sorry for it , and that he 's going to do everything he can to make it up to me ... more than make it up to me , even ... and the next thing i know , sebastian drake is taking me into his arms - gently , so gently - and leading me from the dance floor toward a set of french doors through which i can see a night - darkened garden , bathed in twinkling fairy lights and moonlight ... just the kind of place to which you 'd expect to be led by the golden - haired descendant of a transylvanian count .
it was like the entire world had stopped , but i was a walking dead , so i guess my dad being frozen was a small thing .
` ` thought crime was more your thing . ''
` ` one thing you do need to know - there 's three underground floors that are n't on the plans .
but one thing was sure - it would n't be a fair fight .
one thing was for sure : this time alexander , not jameson , would have to clean up the mansion .
` ` one thing is certain - i ' m sure they are way cooler than my parents . ''
` ` i do n't have a thing !
i ' m not changing a thing .
` ` for one thing , i ' m pretty sure who the ghost is . ''
one thing that might keep us in ideal a little longer .
and i ' ve told dex that the important thing is the future , not the past . ''
but i did n't know how girls talked about this kind of thing .
and there 's another thing . ''
as they drove home , her mother began to chat aboutordinary things in a light , calm voice , and poppy made herself answer .
you know poppy ; you know how she gets overexcited about things .
things have to be right , '' poppy said .
` ` one thing , '' poppy said to james as she scootedto the middle _ of the bed .
this sort of thing had never worried him before , so why this sudden change of heart ?
and the next thing i knew she was asking for tissue and blood samples , and i explained why i could n't , but she would n't back down .
for one thing , kade had not been aware of any witnesses , except the idiot who 'd recorded the video and had the bad sense to post it online .
the only thing he needed now was to get the hell out of there and do the job that had brought him home to alaska in the first place .
kade considered the comment , feeling duty spurring him to say that the mission was the most important thing right now .
` ` you need to remember one thing , my man .
the last thing he wanted was for alex to witness his shame , or to see the pain his return was sure to cause in his kin when he brought seth 's corpse back to them .
alex shifts his weight and the next thing i know he 's climbing off me , leaving me in the dark surrounded by hot glass that is sharper than the mortification i feel at the moment .
` ` i really do n't think that 's the most important thing right now , '' alex interrupts with a disapproving shake of his head .
the one thing i keep quiet about , though , is the electricity and what it does to alex and me .
because the last thing i can remember is the death walker breathing on me , then it felt like i was dying . ''
alex dares another step into the room so the only thing between us and him is the sink .
one minute i ' m being fed on , then i ' m in some weird junkyard , and the next thing i know i ' m lying on warm asphalt , with a very dim lamppost shining down on me as i gaze up at the stars .
he could probably reach him in a few more steps , the pillar being the only thing between us .
too much information is not a good thing when it comes to things like blood , innocence , and me .
` ` but there 's one thing i ' m still confused on and that 's how does stephan knows how to do all of this ? ''
` ` that 's one thing i ca n't change . ''
i was n't sure if i 'd be alive come the dawn , but of one thing i was certain c steve would die before me .
it is his job to keep these things secret : chief minister in charge of supernatural - natural liaison for the greater london area , or whatever his bur title is .
finally , alexia came round and about to the thing that really troubled her .
` ` the only thing is , how can we get to the bottom of it ?
only one thing made her uncomfortable .
the important thing was that gran would n't be back all day .
if gran was getting better she had one less thing to worry about .
` ` and the whole thing will be resolved . ''
it made her overconfident , made her feel as if night world law were a little thing that could be dispensed with if necessary .
` ` the important thing is that one woman 's courage kept us - them- all free . ''
how can i concentrate on a single thing when he 's so close ?
except for one grave thing : how come olivia did n't know what a bunny was ?
` ` the first thing we need to do is pick a theme .
this thing can not be handled by your kind of doctors . ''
` ` no big thing , just par for the course . ''
tossed me off like no big thing . ''
the next thing i knew , the ancient had crashed out of your cabin and took him down .
` ` oh , one more thing , '' dragos called out to his departing associate .
it had been the furthest thing from her mind when he 'd carried her into this room .
for a moment , he debated whether he should just turn around and let the whole thing lie .
if only it was that easy to put the whole thing out of her mind .
as i said , it 's probably best that he and i both forget the whole thing . ''
she had n't eaten a thing in five years and that more than anything else had set her apart from others .
as for elvi , while she was a little startled by it as well , the thought of food was on her mind and crowding out every thing else .
they were always offering help with things around the house , or inviting her and mabel places .
` ` it 's a good thing i brought more blood , then , '' brunswick commented .
` ` mitts not your thing ? ''
heck no , she downed her whiskey , allowed it a moment to burn its way down her throat and into her stomach , which was already churning with jealousy , and then asked the one thing sure to increase the burning jealousy in her gut .
` ` we have people who take care of this kind of thing , teddy .
` ` that 's because you do n't notice that kind of thing , '' he said .
the girls had all come up with reasons for needing to meet him , from jill 's ` ` it 's a family thing '' to kristin 's ` ` i can spot an asshole in five seconds . ''
` ` i just ... well , it 's not my thing , '' eddie said , clearly groping for an answer to whatever her question was about .
believe me , i ' m an expert on that kind of thing . ''
about how this thing with micah is n't a good idea and how i ca n't keep things hands - off forever .
` ` i do n't think this is really my thing .
my discomfort suddenly seemed like a small thing .
words and herbs were one thing , but what else might she ask of me ?
spells to create light and invisibility were one thing .
maybe in palm springs , where things were a little more casual with my friends , it might not be that crazy a request .
` ` trying to hold it and throw it is just like an ordinary physical thing .
but if it was such a small thing , then why was i terrified ?
i know you think we 're a little out there , but this is one thing we 're absolutely serious about . ''
despite her perpetually scattered nature , ms . terwilliger was usually good about this sort of thing .
was this the kind of thing that could wait until morning ?
blood was the first thing she 'd attended to .
` ` the next thing i knew i was being strapped to my kitchen table and your entire family was there .
the only thing that was clear was that she had to get down to the basement without him knowing .
i did n't think they had yet , but ivy was private about that sort of thing , despite her well - earned reputation .
the only thing bothering me now was not knowing what was going on with quen .
maybe with a little luck , they 'd forget about the entire thing .
` ` just forget the entire thing , '' i said , looking over the kitchen for my coat .
i think it was an ego thing .
he was right about that - only thing he was ever right about as far as i ' m concerned .
for the first time in three months , blood was not the main thing in there .
and that 's another thing - stakes .
the dead owners , the remote locale , and one other thing .
it was stil a one - by - one thing .
` ` riley is lying about at least one more important thing , '' i explained .
the scent made it hard to keep my mind on the things that mattered .
the only thing complicated , the only thing to solve , is your refusal to accept it even after all your training with thomas . ` `
the only thing complicated , the only thing to solve , is your refusal to accept it even after all your training with thomas . ` `
she admitted she was impressed by how competently he did everything , his large hands comfortable handling such delicate things as flowers and china .
telling herself she had things to do and needed to go , she stayed motionless among the foliage of the tropical plants .
a clear head was the most important thing .
she watched the moon and her roses as his touch soothed the pain of the memories , distracting her with other things .
it had never seemed a thing of much consequence to him , except it saved him from locker - room ribbing and he was able to give pleasure to the women who took joy in it .
that last time , she 'd felt his hot forehead and simply held his hand , sitting in the garden at the monastery , talking about things they enjoyed , not talking about things too painful to discuss .
` ` it 's a good thing your husband is dead , lady , for nothing would have kept me from killing him .
` ` carnal was right about that one thing .
the whole thing was tied with a trailing ribbon arranged in a swirl across her plate until the first course was brought .
` ` it 's a good thing you commanded them to keep on their shoes , ` ` tara noted , lifting her chin to take in the debris on the far side .
maybe she could influence his mind , and she was using this absence and her ability to manipulate his thoughts to make his doubts build , because one thing in particular kept needling his consciousness .
football would be absolutely the last thing on- '' ` ` excuse me . ''
there 's only one thing i docare about right now .
but there 's one thing ido know .
he said , in a barely controlled voice , ` ` you 're right about one thing .
she walked on , faster and faster , seeing only what was straight ahead of her , her mind fixed on one thing .
he was going to expose her face , and she was n't doing a thing about it .
by thursday , one thing at least was clear in her mind .
there was one other thing that was clear to her , that became obvious as she got her priorities straight .
` ` just one more thing , '' rashel said .
she wanted to keep questioning him - but right now the important thing was to get the girls off the island .
but one thing kept her from doing it .
whatever was happening to them , however they had gotten to this place , one thing was obvious .
i just have one more thing to take care of .
flirting , drinking , and partying like any other clubster in an alternative club , except one thing -- the clientele were immortal bloodsucking vampires .
when alexander playfully nibbled on my neck , it made me think of one more thing .
family has always been the most important thing to me , and i would be lying if i did n't admit how comforting it is to be among people who love one another , if only for one borrowed night ... ... for the first time since i 'd left new orleans , i rose with the sun , intent to slip out of the mansion and disappear into the morning mists before anyone came to wake me .
now there was only one thing on my mind .
` ` surely you 're going to steer the course of this thing ? ''
though much was foggy , three things had been etched into her mind : the pleasure of his mouth on her br**sts , the new and wondrous feel of his shaft , and the scalding heat of his seed .
bettina did n't care , her mind focused on one thing .
you hook up with your old friends and next thing i know , you lose your nerve .
first thing , i guess we bury that , mr . collins said , and nodded toward michaels shrouded body .
shane came in , head down , carrying a tray on which sat two bowls of chiliwhich made sense , because it was nearly the only thing shane knew how to fix .
the sergeant did nt look happy with having the whole thing dumped in his lap again , but he also looked resigned .
every last thing , from the time you left morganville .
umaboutthe other thing ?
it was a stupid school thing , okay ?
one more thing , frank said .
she was well ; that was the important thing .
now 's the important thing .
he 'd known the small girl child in his lap was the most important thing in his life .
or would his news at the court be about some- thing else entirely , crushing the narrow window of hope jacob was grimly holding open ?
merging with jacob 's mind first thing was something she anticipated almost as much as seeing him upon rising .
see someone as they really were , not as the artist intended him , not the interpretation of the viewer , but what he was , the simple truth of a soul ... a still place where things were simply as they were .
the answer to every- thing ...
her disorientation boiled something up from the deepest level of her subconscious where she 'd managed to bury the most important thing of all .
perhaps the first thing i need to teach you is how to properly treat the aforementioned manhood . ''
she swallowed a mouthful of salty water , and the next thing she knew , she was completely submerged .
on earth , or rather the surface , she did n't have to worry about that sort of thing .
there is n't one thing that makes you special to me , but all things .
` ` but , look , the really important thing is mr . zetes .
` ` wait , there 's one more thing , ` ` she said anxiously .
baby jenks did n't understand the whole thing .
but it was not the important thing now .
and maharet by the hearth , the lovely manikin , her pale green eyes covered with large faintly tinted glasses , cautioning jesse that the work might engulf her , keep her from better things .
only that at one point she had been surrounded by several very beautiful young men who filled a glass of wine for her , and the next thing she knew it was morning .
but that was only part of what she 'd been saying because she and maharet had been talking for hours about the whole thing .
but one thing was certain : the beings could read minds .
` ` what i am saying is that we were perceived as good ; and we had our place in the scheme of things .
to vanquish a mere handful of enemies , to be seen and ioved by mortals as an image ; to find some place in the great drama of things which was infinitely larger than i was , a drama whose study could occupy the mind of one being for a thousand years .
` ` i was a simple thing , dangerous yes , but simple .
oh , it was not such a simple thing as enkil by her side , or marius come to lay before her his offerings ; it was something deeper , infinitely more important than that ; she had never all alone waged a war of reason with those around her !
i knew she did n't want to speak now on this thing .
but as it rose , the spirit amel seized it , this thing being invisible as your soul was invisible ; and in the normal course of things you might have easily overcome this earthbound entity and gone on to realms we do not know . ` `
` ` and i would have you examine one thing further in regard to it ; perhaps the single most valuable thing which i have ever learned .
but i was drifting now , mentally and physically ; feeling him a snug yet weightless thing against me ; just the pure presence of louis , louis belonging to me , and with me .
but the important thing is that we finally found stefan , and that by then we 'd found the twin fox key we needed to release him .
` ` the main thing , as i see it , is to save the dear , dear old town .
strangely , this tea made her feel not exactly sleepy , but as if she could only concentrate on one thing at a time .
while this was usual y a good thing , if there was one thing stefan knew about - even if it was the only thing he knew - it was taking blood .
but she also knew that elena had one thing on her mind above al others , and that was stefan , who was stricken with guilt for al owing his brother to abduct bonnie .
and the way she went was the only thing left up to her .
but the thing that held matt 's attention at that table was caroline .
she planned on taking the same thing up with the others tomorrow .
fortunately for you , i had to give up all that sort of thing nearly half a millennium ago .
first thing , right away , was to find out what a visitor was .
` ` just one more thing , '' meredith said quietly .
because , for one thing , you and i have to be there for it , and for another thing , she 's the one who needs towake up . ''
the important thing is that i was gone , but now i ' m back again - and , oh , dear patient friend who has been keeping my secrets since kindergarten ... i am so glad to be back .
and the final thing was simply that the beast was fast .
you ca n't have it both - ` ` ` ` just indulge me in one thing , all right ? ''
` ` the last thing i knew you were trying to kill me .
precautions were n't his thing .
no need to question why , either - this was the old wood , messing with things as usual .
mentally , elena pushed away the thing that bothered her ears and her head .
the vital thing was that theydid n't find him .
without asking her this , the whole thing was a sham , a fraud .
` ` just one thing i have to do ... , '' obaasan had said .
the thing now was to be very quiet and to try to get through the old wood without disturbing anything .
he just went like this '' - matt waved an arm - ` ` and first i got dropped into a mud hole and next thing i know i got dropped on the jag .
if we can lose them the only thing we need to worry about is stefan and the prison guards . ''
and one thing more .
now , there 's just one thing , she told herself firmly , as she inhaled breath after delicious breath of vanilla steam .
for one thing , the memory is gone from you - these are kitsune toys we 're talking about , remember ?
that kind of thing could keep you so occupied that having a stake slipped into your heart might seem an afterthought , damon mused , holding perfectly still .
for one thing , ten was almost twice six .
` ` he would have kept me crying , because in the end , his health would be the most important thing .
damon might seem to be completely absorbed with one thing and one thing only , but his sense of self - preservation made sure that he was constantly on guard , and seeing not just what he wanted to see but everything that was around him .
it was clear that the owner of this estate could afford any kind of extravaganza her heart desired , and that above all things what she enjoyed the chiefest was music , for in each area , splendidly - sometimes bizarrely - dressed orchestra were playing , or there might be only one famous soloist , singing from a high gilded cage perhaps twenty - five feet above the ground .
only one thing was certain : everyone wanted to go .
the next thing elena knew , damon was moving at ferocious speed again , away from the fist , and matt was slapping a bit of paper on the grass covering stefan , while mrs .
` ` and one more thing , '' he whispered .
part of me simply wanted to pick up and head back to ivinghoe , where the only thing i had to concern myself with was a cow that had kicked over the pasture fence .
` ` jack 's the most important thing .
the only thing that mattered was protecting jasmine .
` ` the important thing now is , what are we going to do about her maker ?
the important thing was elena .
there was one last thing she needed to do .
that would be the first thing she 'd have to get settled .
she whispered , ` ` stefan - ` ` ` ` oh , and one more thing , '' damon 's voice came back .
and that 's another thing i ca n't explain .
one thing she noticed right away , though .
one thing was sure : she would n't be fooled into thinking it was kindness on his part .
but our readings are the last thing on the agenda , and she has to be in the parade and everything first .
i was n't aware of any absence of particulars - you know , hair color , facial features , that sort of thing .
the important thing is , you must swear to me not to deal with this sorcerer any longer , if you wo n't go so far as to follow my suggestion that you put an end to him as soon as you can .
i remember hearing of her , long before i was ever interested in that sort of thing .
and i could not spend my precious time as a mortal worrying hour by hour about such a thing !
what must i do to approach things with more intelligence , and patience and calm i sat back on the uncomfortable stool , as well as one can do such a thing without tumbling to the floor , and i tried to think .
what the hell made her think this was the time to discuss such a thing , i wondered , in some vague crazed fashion .
for the time being , i was too relentlessly uncomfortable overall to worry about such a thing .
but the moment was at hand , surely , when such a thing would no longer be of concern .
do n't even worry about such a thing .
lestat , there is no time for that sort of thing .
this is the sort of thing you want to know ?
he would be the same for all time as he was at this moment ; was there any small physical thing he wished to change shave the beard closer ; trim the hair .
once again , i searched , fighting an awful fear that he had already done away with himself , and then realizing that he was far too strong for that to be a simple thing .
` ` ruined , '' vanez said cheerfully , as though it was no big thing .
mr . crepsley roared , and the next thing i knew , he 'd jumped onto the platform and was standing in front of me , fists raised .
a man who would view her as the most important thing in his life .
he did not know why he 'd decided such a thing , did not want to think about it anymore .
the only thing that bothered him at the moment was the fact that delilah was not in his group .
i deserve an apology for the other thing , however . ''
if an old sergeant can '' t sort out that kind of thing , the world has become a very strange place .
` ` i don '' t think it '' s just the hamcrusher thing , sir .
one other thing , though .
political assassination and all that sort of thing ?
as carrot reached the door , vimes added , ` ` one thing , captain ? ''
they make such a big thing about not being murderous bloodsuckers any more .
the important thing now was to remember to use a towel and not to shake herself dry .
` ` ah , you want to warn her about that sort of thing , '' said fred colon .
` ` there is just one thing , though .
the whole thing , to a scale of one in five , '' said sybil .
he did n't deny it and they agreed to keep the whole thing from lord maccon .
alexia thought it a good thing the locals were accustomed to the eccentricities of the english , for such a thing as lady maccon alone in the baser end of a foreign city with her only daughter and a large wolf should never be tolerated in any other part of the empire .
such a small thing to damn a man so utterly .
why would a vampire be involved in such a thing ?
` ` yes , '' agreed alexia , ` ` but it is the kind of thing that might require a secret society .
next thing i knew , the cross was in his hand .
mr . crepsley tips well , and that 's the important thing .
` ` it 'll get me through tomorrow anyway , and that 's the important thing . ''
if it had been a year or so earlier , i would have been confused ; i would have tossed and turned in my sleep , worrying about what the next night would bring ; my eating habits might have been affected and i would have become depressed ; i probably would have chosen to focus on one thing at a time , and stopped meeting debbie .
sitting down to dinner with debbie and her parents was the last thing i wanted to think about .
one thing was certain : we might happen to hear or glimpse murlough or evra , but we 'd definitely never be able to sniff them out !
that was the main thing .
that 's not the only thing that is n't a secret any longer , she thought .
` ` now that invites and catering are taken care of , the only thing left is decorating your house.we can meet there this afternoon .
one thing at a time , kahli , she told herself as she watched the vial fill up .
that was the first thing that confused her .
` ` one thing is clear : it 's eating him alive .
but one thing was sure : i would be there for fang , for whatever reason , at any time .
` ` i guess it 's a good thing you do n't play soccer with your hands ! ''
but i had made a good case , and the important thing was , everyone had bought it .
one thing was certain , she did nt have time to deal with the confusion now .
but they still have only one thing on their mind .
but now , it ... it seems like a really big thing .
and that is the most important thing . ''
` ` can i help ya with ... any ... thing ... '' jack 's voice trailed off as renata lifted her head and turned to face him .
as they walked together around to the back , renata added , ` ` there 's one more thing , jack .
this was no small thing ; she understood that .
but dusk would be coming before long , and there was still one thing he needed to do .
` ` there 's one more thing , renata .
the group split up , most of the warriors heading off to take care of things at fabien 's place while rio and nikolai walked renata , mira , and their unexpected companion back to the order 's waiting vehicle .
` ` ursula , such a thing as this , '' the lord said , ` ` requires long consideration . ''
` ` marshal called , '' he said , as if it was the most important thing in the world .
` ` it 's but a small thing , rachel .
` ` that it might get pierce back is no small thing , but do you really think i ' m only going to rescue people i want to jump in the sack with ?
just one more thing for ms . rachel to fix . ''
you watched the entire thing .
` ` maybe i should just scrap the whole thing .
` ` then it 's a good thing you did n't sleep with marshal , is n't it . ''
mari had private things in there - rocket of the pocket - type private things .
he 's the most important thing . ''
` ` the important thing , child , is the art witchcraft .
it was n't a physical thing .
` ` oh , brett , there 's one thing .
and that 's the other thing i want to talk about .
that was n't the most important thing to focus on , but it was another thing that added to the insanity of this moment .
that was n't the most important thing to focus on , but it was another thing that added to the insanity of this moment .
i probably should be , but it is such a small thing , and i do feel somewhat better .
there is thing one , my mother 's terminal cancer diagnosis , thing two , which is peter , and then the additional thing two - and - a - half , the claiming .
there is thing one , my mother 's terminal cancer diagnosis , thing two , which is peter , and then the additional thing two - and - a - half , the claiming .
one thing is for sure , i ' m going to need a serious miracle to get through exams .
i know it 's a stupid and trivial thing to fuss about when everything else is going on , but i just need to know . ''
hello , thing five .
or was she thing four ?
first thing , i check my neck .
because it 's an important thing .
` ` let 's deal with one thing at a time , okay ? ''
the smell hit me , and the next thing i knew , i grabbed his hand and stuck it in my mouth .
the last thing on my mind is sleep .
` ` it 's a good thing i ' m not driving .
i volunteer to do the dishes , but i usually do them , so it 's not that much of a big thing .
` ` well , there is one little thing . ''
` ` it is a human thing , an apology . ''
she appears to have gone totally zen about the whole thing , asking if i would make her some tea in a completely calm voice , not taking any notice of peter .
just one more thing to worry about .
at least that 's one thing we ' ve settled .
it was the only thing i could focus on .
* * * my parents chat all the way home from the restaurant about silly things like the weather and the latest political scandal and whether my mother should bake banana bread or carrot cupcakes for her co - worker 's retirement party .
one more thing i have to worry about .
to face semi - normal thing one .
` ` it is more of a territorial thing .
seems like we ' ve made up now she 's in on thing two and thing - two - and - a - half .
i do feel a little guilty for not going home and checking off the next thing on my mother 's list , balancing my checkbook and paying bills , but i need a break , if only for a few hours .
the only thing we can change is how the train turns us into hamburger .
besides , he intended to settle this score on his own and the last thing he wanted was for alan and group to be protected by prison walls when he went for them .
` ` for one thing it 's illegal ... hello ?
i spent my entire youth fighting with my dad over every little thing and damned if i would n't sell my soul to see him one more time and tell him i was sorry for the last words i said to him .
do you really think making time w'th a girl is the thing you should be focusing on ?
but one thing kept chasing through his mind .
one thing he had to have answered .
i ' ve put that thing through the wringer .
maybe , but nick kept coming back to one thing .
` ` not an expert on that kind of thing .
but the one thing i know is if we die , something a lot worse than us will take our place and the tiny handful of people i still love will suffer unimaginable agony .
yeah , but one thing he 'd never been able to figure out ... ` ` how do we know that this is the right existence ?
but one thing you can bank on , you are the grand prize in a bloody contest .
next thing i know , i get shoved from behind and fall , scuffing my purse , my shoes , and putting dirt on my dress .
` ` main thing .
bad idea , since the only thing on his mind right now was that he hated her for doing this to him when he was innocent .
the only thing that matters to me is that you do n't regret me .
` ` the only thing i know for certain is that if your dad was dead , i definitely would n't be in high school with you right now .
i look all nice and harmless and the next thing you know i ' ve taken root and it 's too late ... you like me . ''
i heard something snap and the next thing i know ... your light fixture tried to kill me .
at least not until it came to one thing he could n't figure out .
honestly , there was only one thing on his mind , and it was n't introducing her to his mother .
` ` obstinance has its place , and there 's nothing wrong with being passionate about things . ''
that was the only thing he could alter .
but the one thing that he fixated on was how close he 'd come to really killing alan and tyree .
but at least it clarified one thing that had worried him .
but you are right about one thing .
but the one thing that event rammed home with vicious clarity was what would be done to nick if noir ever got ahold of him , and what caleb 's fate could be in the hands of another master .
except for one all - important thing .
the last thing he wanted was to look stupid while doing something so very badass .
the man might have even defeated him , but for one thing ... a sudden feminine cry of pain .
but the one thing that did disturb nick was how much he favored his father in looks .
but the most important thing for you to digest is that we do n't know who kidnapped you or your parents .
` ` for one thing , i ' m a lot taller in my world .
and right now , the most important thing is to reunite you and your body and put down your army before they get together and party .
but there was one thing he definitely wanted to check on .
` ` as good hebrews , we broke bread only with one another , and our hands were always washed carefully with ritual prayer before we took the food , and afterwards there was not one thing in our lives that was not permeated by our desire to praise yahweh , our lord god of hosts .
i asked sarcastically , becoming ever more anxious and impatient at this whole thing .
` ` and we 'll get on this security thing immediately . ''
i looked at her and tried to see all the workings of her , each thing connected to the next thing , and all bound with veins like woven gold thread .
` ` have you never seriously thought of such a thing ? ''
we had our hard - and - fast rules : observe but do not interfere , study but do not ever seek to use the power of a witch or a vampire for one 's own gain , that sort of thing . ''
` ` it was a little thing .
for hours they talked , not about the horrid christian home but about other things , rose 's love of books , her dreams of writing poetry and stories someday , and her enthusiasm about new york , and how she so wanted to go to a great university like harvard or stanford or who knows where ?
he shook himself all over , wondering how in the world he had even thought of such a thing .
it seemed there had been a plan at first ; but the plan had broken down into utterly random attacks - except for one thing .
for one thing , every single immortal inhabitant of the household was watching me , trying to figure how amel was infecting and affecting me , and i knew this , and so i had no hesitation about spending more time with them now .
why these walls and not some other garden meant nothing in the scheme of things to this one , and before louis could utter a word to him , the man had resolved to sink the knife into louis 's heart .
we were working on the same thing , but invisible to each other .
luckily , the door was open , and thanks to the thunderous sound of the waves crashing in the pool , sneaking stealthily down the stairs was one thing i did n't have to worry about .
i looked at her , she looked at me , we both smiled ; and next thing i knew we were chatting away as though we 'd known each other all our lives .
might be some sort of weird sex thing . ''
i had chocolate , she had strawberry , and things were fine until jed walked in .
i slid under a thick overhang of dead blackberry vines and thought how i definitely had n't made things any better .
some kind of evolution thing , maybe . ''
okay , then , the thing left was to go for help , and get back as quickly as possible .
` ` a little of taking a work break , a little of wondering about your energy drainage thing , '' manfred said , thinking if he did n't say it out loud now he might chicken out .
they 'll look at your books , ask you questions about your own spells , your own beliefs , and next thing you know ... '' he could tell from the way she hunched her shoulders that this had already happened .
` ` it would n't be so crowded if you had a storage shed , '' bobo said , as if that were the most important thing in the world .
` ` that 'll be the next thing i work on , i promise .
you may be new , but one thing you need to know .
one thing you 'll learn about me , aden .
next thing he knew , a fist was connecting with his nose .
a shirt was one thing .
the boy wheeled around , and the first thing aden noticed were the perfect punctures in his neck , set in the eyes of the snake tattooed there , both still seeping with bright crimson nectar .
second thing , kiss her .
she 'd never had to worry about such a thing before .
next thing he knew , that 's all his mind could ponder .
no mention of the other thing , she noted .
then i realized there was one thing .
but the whole thing felt - threatening , i guess .
` ` we should talk about that thing . ''
` ` but it 's not the most important thing , okay ?
the most important thing is that we 're safe , we 're together , and we get a chance to figure this all out . ''
` ` the main thing is that you 're in love and that you 're happy . ''
mrs . bethany 's ticked off about it , but apparently you were right about the sanctuary thing . ''
` ` oh , man , i can not deal with people being cryptic first thing in the morning . ''
` ` one more thing , '' lucas interjected .
he always took a shower first thing and emerged warm , damp , and smelling just great .
it sounded like a good idea , save one thing .
' that 's the main thing . ''
` ` that 's the important thing .
the only thing that mattered was that i finally had my whole family back again .
there 's one thing we have n't talked about - bianca . ''
away from here - that 's the main thing .
is this - did lucas send you because you know a lot about this kind of thing ? ''
how could he have gotten so carried away , been so selfish , as to pile one more thing onto the burdens she already had to bear ?
shortly , he said , ` ` the only thing that matters is keeping skye safe .
right now he cared about only one thing : the date .
from there he could reach down and rip the door away from its hinges ; although he banged it against several people and heard them cry out , the most important thing was that the exit was now clear .
that was the only thing worth fearing .
she started the engine and set the car in motion , darting through the trees with a speed that would have made angela screech in terror if she had n't had so many other things on her list of worries .
but it did n't change a damned thing .
right now he was the only real thing in her life .
` ` there 's just one thing , '' she broached with reluctance .
` ` oh , ms . lashay , just one more thing .
he wanted to spill the whole thing to shareholders .
` ` it 's a good thing you 're a good you - know - what , sam . ''
one thing was certain : bernie did n't hold her liquor well .
but one thing was certain : i was going to have to go about this mostly on my own , using as many psychic hits as i could to help me along the way .
` ` what was the last thing you two discussed ? ''
yes , and yes , but one thing should n't be forgotten here : more than likely veronica was delusional .
` ` oh , that was just a minor ... thing i had removed at the doctor 's the other day . ''
the next thing i noticed was the woman on the ground , kicking and clawing her chest .
and one thing was certain : a bus was coming .
adam carr did n't know , but one thing was for certain , he was burning up out here in the sun .
` ` nothing can end my life except for one thing , and one thing alone .
` ` then it 's a good thing you 're such a big boy . ''
still , one thing seemed apparent .
but one thing is certain : he will never need to drink blood , nor will he ever shy away from the sun .
one thing was certain , though , the cave entrance was not guarded .
one thing was certain , there was no way in hell he had willingly allowed his finger to be cut off .
of course , the only thing that mattered was who - or what - was using the caverns now .
one thing was certain : no violent act had been perpetrated here .
except ... except one thing that kept me coming back for more .
one thing was for damn certain : i was n't going to fight eight werewolves naked .
she leaned out , felt her hands open and close , letting rope slide through her gloved fingers as she backed up - and next thing she knew she was standing next to jordan on the cliff face .
` ` one more thing , your eminence . ''
to them , the present was a pale thing of little importance .
but even if there were none , the most important thing is blessing the book at st .
everything begins to blur and the last thing i see are a set of pale eyes peering down at me .
getting the cure and saving the world is the most important thing , '' i answer robotically .
yet , saving the world is the most important thing at this point .
change one small thing in your life and it alters everything .
besides , you know they take care of their own when it comes to this sort of thing . ''
everything feels complete , except for one thing .
she 's my mom and this is my thing .
` ` it 's sort of his thing . ''
it was the first time i 'd said the word out loud , but worrying about a thing like that seemed so stupid all of a sudden .
but it did , and suddenly , rena was pregnant , and the two of us had to face the reality that this was n't just some abstract thing .
in the meantime , there was one thing i was determined about : that gin blanco was going to die .
using my jacket sleeve to hold one of the mop handles , i gave the whole thing a good stir .
because brutus was right about one thing .
as though that was the most important thing in the world .
the next thing i know , you 'll be talking about wingtips . ''
but there is one thing i am curious about , '' i said .
but the most important thing now was rescuing finn and roslyn .
and a cut artery was one thing all her power , all her precious air magic , could n't help her with .
despite the movements , he was totally focused on his sister , as though she was the most important thing in the world to him .
only one thing bothered me - fletcher 's late - night jaunts .
silence was one thing that had never bothered me .
picking a door lock was one thing .
i helped myself to some more blackberry cobbler and thought about things .
one thing actually did catch my interest - a series of rune paintings , not unlike the drawings i had propped up on the mantel in fletcher lane 's den .
but the important thing was that he was here and staring at me .
killing a punk like jake mcallister was one thing .
` ` although i am curious about one thing , '' i said .
but that sort of thing had never much mattered to me .
` ` some guys are into that sort of thing . ''
only one thing was for sure - elliot slater was going to die .
not one damn thing , '' i said , letting him off the hook and ignoring the bitterness that filled my mouth - and heart .
but there was one more thing that we both had to think about before we made our decision .
but in the middle of telling your little bedtime story , you forgot one small thing . ''
once i started watching him - really watching him - i realized that he 'd been taking his sweet time about things .
the most important thing was that elektra lafleur had n't killed me yet .
but that had n't been the only thing on the murder board .
i did n't know how long lafleur would mess around before she came back and started torturing us , but one thing was for sure - i needed these handcuffs off long before then .
such a small thing , but they were keeping me contained , just as lafleur had wanted them to - and she had n't even realized i had elemental magic to begin with .
many more things needed to be put in place before mab and i had our final dance .
making my way over the hidden , treacherous terrain was n't the only thing that i had to worry about .
but one thing was certain - my sister had asked for my help , and i was going to give it to her .
the most important thing right now was getting finn and bria out of the house and away from the bounty hunters .
i stuffed the gloves , rags , and empty bottle of bleach i 'd used into a plastic bag and shoved the whole thing into my suitcase to dispose of at another , safer location .
for a moment , i thought about calling the whole thing off .
rescuing the three women was my first priority - that was the most important thing .
you forgot one thing .
` ` there 's one more thing that i need to wrap up with donovan .
not one damn thing . ''
you do n't care one damn thing about killing me .
no doubt he 'd seen the whole thing - owen and eva arguing , eva getting into my car , owen leaving .
maybe mcallister had helped her with her husbands , or maybe not , but one thing was for sure - he needed a new boss .
maybe you were right not to , because i ' ve clearly been wrong about this most basic thing .
the important thing is that salina is dead , and she ca n't hurt anyone else ever again .
but the only thing the dwarf was interested in was the jewelry .
` ` now , i know she 's not the nicest thing to stare at , but there 's one more thing that 's important about this woman , '' clementine said .
` ` one more thing that everyone here needs to know : her real identity .
one thing was for sure , he was n't going to get any better just lying there .
not seeing or hearing any giants headed my way , i decided to risk checking on one more thing .
the only thing that mattered right now was reaching owen and getting him to safety .
the motion made the primrose rune around her throat wink , and the sly flash of silverstone reminded me that there was one more thing i needed to do tonight - for both of us .
it would never be enough , and it was one more thing that i was just going to have to live with .
and now came the final question i had , the one thing that i most wanted an answer to .
you know , it 's probably a good thing you embezzled all of that money from mab .
do n't you worry about a thing now . ''
it was a small thing , really .
the next thing i knew , she was yelling at me to go get the car and take her to the salon so she could get the right kind of highlights to put on her hair . ''
but there was one more thing i needed to do before i approached him , so i placed my hand on the stone formation next to me and reached out with my magic .
i 'd gone ten feet before i realized that i 'd forgotten the most important thing : the tray of champagne that i was supposed to have been circulating through the dining room twenty minutes ago .
` ` but there 's one more thing i need to do before i go . ''
it was probably the thing that fletcher and i argued about the most .
it would n't make up for anything i 'd done , not one damn thing .
sebastian shook his head , as though he was disappointed that i was n't going to make things easy for him , then wandered over to the far side where the roses were - the deep , dark blue ones that he had brought me at the pork pit .
i smiled because he expected me to , even though getting my own apartment was the last thing on my mind right now .
` ` i have n't forgotten any of it , not one thing .
` ` while you 're here , i am curious about one thing , '' i said .
but the most interesting thing was n't the pin or the car but who they belonged to .
i hated being so weak , so dependent , so damn helpless , but time was the most important thing right now , and if i had to be humiliated to escape , well , so be it .
she made it sound like it was a rather spur - of - the - moment sort of thing on mab 's part .
a bottle works much better for this kind of thing . ''
a minor thing . ''
i wanted to take the whole thing , wrap it up , stick it in a box , and drop the box off a pier .
` ` it 's an intimate thing .
` ` one last thing , your majesty .
it 's no small thing , kate . ''
` ` it 's just a human thing .
they were in this gray , undefined area , and i liked things to be clear .
i could n't shake the feeling that somehow i was botching this whole thing up .
but the thing that really got my attention was his hair .
i was minding my own business and the next thing i know i ' m here in this godsforsaken place . ''
` ` for one thing , you would n't exactly blend into the mortal world . ''
one more thing for giguhl to give me shit about .
` ` um , well , that 's the other thing .
` ` sabina , let 's clear one thing up from the beginning .
` ` um , fang , '' i said , ` ` he 's kind of sensitive about the cat thing . ''
once he 'd given us a green light , we 'd coordinated watches and plans so that once we arrived with our quarry , things would go smoothly .
` ` one thing 's for sure , '' i began , ` ` tanith wo n't have a chance in hell of taking over as long as lavinia 's alive . ''
but this guy seemed like he dealt with this sort of thing all the time .
just when i was trying to figure out how the cigar fit into this whole thing , she knelt next to the body .
but the only thing you need to know right now is that you can not and will not beat him .
` ` the only thing i ' m interested in pursuing right now is dinner . ''
` ` it 's the whole penis thing . ''
the last thing i wanted was to have a heart - to - heart with tristan graecus .
` ` before you leave , one more small thing , '' lilith said .
plus , the whole thing would be so awkward .
` ` oh , and one more thing , '' desandra said .
i wrapped cuddles 's front left hoof with a rag and duct - taped the whole thing .
just to spice things up . ''
maybe it was the principle of the thing .
there were some tentative trade agreements , but the only thing curran was really interested in was the panacea , and the european packs were n't willing to sell or share .
he was the type of man who could explode over the smallest thing and the explosion would be violent .
he will tell himself it 's not a big thing .
` ` hey , guns are n't my thing .
hiring the order is n't an option either : i do n't want their fingers in our pie , because they 'll try to claim ownership of the whole thing .
` ` i do n't think you understand this whole business thing .
this was so not my thing .
if i have to take care of him , i might as well know the whole thing . ''
which particular part are you interested in , or is it the whole thing ? ''
and he just let this whole thing go without an argument .
in his suit and tie , gray hair combed back in its usual impeccable style , don would look like your average middle - aged businessman to anyone observing him , except for one thing .
thing again , but this time , i kept them in my gums while also stifling the nosferatu green from leaping into my gaze .
we 're leaving , and i ' m not coming back until that thing is taken care of .
it was a good thing bones had n't come with me , or he might ' ve slaughtered one of the guards just to prove a point about the whole stupid , insulting process .
in this one and only one thing , we were in agreement .
the only thing that was certain was there was no time for hand - wringing .
` ` sarah did n't do a thing to dexter , did she ? ''
` ` that thing you 're here to talk to me about ?
the only thing you can control is whether i do it with the support of your old team , if i make it through their version of basic training , or on my own . ''
that was n't the only thing that shattered , judging from the shards of granite i saw when my eyes opened .
thing again , but this time , i kept them in my gums , while also stifling the nosferatu green from leaping into my gaze .
it is the only thing that ca n't be undone . ''
there was one thing guaranteed to douse my mood .
giving her one less thing to worry about sounded like the least i could do as her friend .
i cursed myself for forgetting to tell him about a very important detail concerning my eating , even though that had been the last thing on my mind .
` ` there 's one more thing to discuss , '' don said .
` ` it 's a damn good thing most of the recent generations are nearly illiterate or we 'd all be in serious trouble .
one thing was for certain , vampires did n't snore .
that 's what i got for trusting a vampire even in the littlest thing !
this thing could have been at least mopped up . ''
i might have noticed how plush the interior was , and that it was as big as my grandparents ' whole upstairs , or any other number of inconsequential details , except for one thing .
` ` i never let a little thing like a locked door stand between me and a free drink . ''
i was dimly aware of the cheers , jeers , and shouts of everyone watching , but i ignored the sounds and focused on the only thing that mattered right now - surviving .
time was the most important thing right now .
he let out a choked cry , the anguished sound piercing my heart , but i forced myself to tune him out and to concentrate on the most important thing right now - staying alive .
my throat burned from the searing , smoky air , and i coughed and coughed , but there was one more thing i needed to do before i shut myself off from the flames .
but one thing was for sure - i could n't go out the front doors , and the fire chief was probably on his way to set a watch on the back alley right now .
i was n't quite sure how i was going to go about doing that yet , but one thing was for certain .
as i looked at first one thing , then another , i thought and thought and thought about things , my mind whirring a hundred miles an hour .
i needed to check on one more thing before proceeding with the final part of my plan , and i still wanted to give us all a chance to slip out of the mansion to safety , if things did n't go the way i expected them to .
swinging a leg up , i hooked it over the ridge and carefully maneuvered until i was standing on the rough , decorative edging , my heels the only thing on the ridge , my back against the wall .
a man thing ? ''
but there was one thing that gave me pause .
he did n't show a damn thing .
we had n't resolved a damn thing .
` ` one more thing , '' pearl quickly murmured when we began turning toward the pond .
it was n't a small thing .
` ` there 's one more thing , the real reason we 're here , '' tyler added , his voice strained .
` ` one thing at a time , ray , '' i said .
mending the ravages of the trows is no small thing .
he 's alive and that 's the most important thing .
` ` one thing at a time , tough guy . ''
` ` the first thing we have to do is promise to keep this knowledge between us for now . ''
a female werewolf is no small thing , you see .
getting to the underworld is no small thing , and you can believe me when i tell you i have no desire to visit . ''
` ` there 's one more thing in favor of you heading back home , '' my father added .
the last thing on my agenda was to retry my potential new client .
there 's one more thing .
i had to ask one more thing .
he was injured during the attack , broke a few ribs , gushing head wound , so dad put him at your place to look after things .
she had n't solved a thing when the phone rang .
one thing was certain , if he were n't a vampire , she would most likely be dead by now , and so would he .
` ` i guess it was just a twenty - four - hour thing , '' gus remarked .
he had done what was best for victoria , that was the important thing .
besides , she 'd had other things on her mind , like a one - dimensional painted figure that refused to stay in one place .
there was one thing he needed to do before he sought his rest .
and last night i was looking at the painting and i said i ... i wished he was beside me and the next thing i knew , he was . ''
` ` this is hardly the time or place to discuss such things , '' rourke said curtly .
he had but one more thing to do before he left home .
` ` i said i wished he was with me , and the next thing i knew , the painting fell off the wall , the glass cracked , and he was standing there , as big as life . ''
well , she was n't going to let a little thing like a locked gate deter her now that she had finally found the courage to approach him .
though the doctors could n't decide what was wrong with her , they had all agreed on one thing .
` ` another thing they 'll ask you about is fan mail .
` ` readers are interested in that kind of thing , '' overstreet said .
it had been one thing when it was business , but to move in with him now , just because he wanted her to ... what would her parents say ?
oh , there 's just one thing .
` ` of course , but this is hardly the kind of thing one discusses over the phone .
no sane woman would even consider such a thing .
she sat back , suddenly having second thoughts about the whole thing .
in a remarkably short time , regan delaney had become the most important thing in his life .
` ` age , for one thing . ''
he had taken the young man quickly , savagely , and cast the body aside , the only thing on his mind the need to ease the pain that engulfed him like a living flame .
it was time to reclaim their rightful place in the scheme of things .
` ` one thing at a time , '' kay said , interrupting her friend in midsentence .
` ` it 's a pack thing , '' brett said , as if that explained everything .
oh , there 's one more thing .
one thing for certain , he knew he would never forget her .
but one thing she knew for sure , it was never going to happen again .
i could n't keep a thing like that a secret . ''
oh , one more thing and then i 'll be on my way , '' rhys remarked , all humor gone from his eyes .
if there was one thing about the master of the city that annoyed erik more than anything else , it was that , right or wrong , rhys always managed to get things done the way he wanted .
she was sorry to hear about the deaths , but at the moment , the only thing that mattered was that rhys did n't know who she was .
inviting erik inside was the polite thing to do , but all things considered , it really did n't seem like a good idea .
with all that had been going on in her life the past few weeks , keeping track of the days had been the last thing on her mind .
she was really into that kind of thing for a while .
one more thing , there 's a new hunter here in la . ''
she did n't know what other stores he frequented when he was in town , but one thing was certain ; he had n't bought that garish outfit at shore 's .
` ` it 's a last minute thing .
one thing he knew for sure , she had been terrified by what she 'd seen , but he could hardly blame her for that .
` ` have you thought about the blood thing ?
the most important thing is who sired you .
` ` right now i ' m only concerned about one thing . ''
mr . parker was a sweetheart about most things , but the one thing he frowned on was personal calls at work , so megan always kept her cell phone off .
` ` one thing at a time , love .
one thing was for certain , he could n't leave jenica 's body lying out in the open while he made up his mind .
one thing was certain , elena would not have been quartered with the sheep if rodin had n't ordered it .
as soon as she finished her coffee , she was going to drive into the city for a few things .
without his knowing how it had happened , she had become the most important thing in his life , his only reason for living .
the second thing he had learned was that she could still eat mortal food , something that should no longer have been possible for her .
she saw things more clearly - each individual leaf on the trees in front of her , each blade of grass beneath her feet , each rock , the cricket chirping on top of the rock .
but the most important thing was , he let me be me .
` ` there is another thing , '' henry said , looking at tess .
` ` no , it 's not a small thing . ''
but his talk with steve had decided one thing : the next time meg needed to cut , he was going to be there to confirm or deny his suspicions about the humans namid made to be both wondrous and terrible .
right now he did n't care about the mail or packages or any other damn monkey thing .
could n't have been a small thing .
they would n't be hunting for her like this if it was a small thing .
frustrated now - and suspecting he was making a simple thing complicated - simon brought the popcorn into the living room .
` ` the main thing now is to keep her warm . ''
i went to see holiday the other night , and burnett 's things were all over the place .
and do n't make it sound like a terrible thing .
oh , wait , there is one thing .
was it wrong for kylie to want to be the most important thing in her mom 's life for a while ?
miranda told me she was at your place and burnett 's things were scattered all over .
but i would have come anyway because of the first thing . ''
` ` fine , it 's not the age thing .
` ` no , there 's the other thing . ''
i spoke with lucas about this very thing a couple of weeks ago .
considering there was a desktop covering her lap , the whole ` ` thing falling in her lap '' did n't make sense .
kylie was worried about the same thing .
the thing that really mattered was if holiday had managed to talk burnett out of resigning his position .
kylie told herself to deal with one thing at a time .
why did you have to bring up the sock thing ?
` ` i mean , dealing with being the last thing on his to - do list .
however , there had been one thing that made the whole meal ordeal worthwhile .
and then the next thing i know , i ' m in love with you .
but it was just one more thing that had kylie taking her grandfather 's warning more seriously .
then her gaze shifted back to his sofa , and she realized he did have one thing she needed .
yet the girl was right about one thing : kylie had to see it for herself .
` ` if he 'll come to the door is another thing .
` ` there 's one thing i want to check out . ''
` ` i ' m not too keen on the whole shadow thing , '' she said .
she almost told burnett about the dream with red but at the last moment decided she wanted to be able to handle one thing on her own .
` ` look , if you do n't want to forgive perry , or ca n't forgive him , then that 's one thing .
not happy with his answer , kylie remembered the second thing she wanted to discuss .
perhaps there was one thing lucas 's kisses could n't fix .
` ` oh , one more thing , '' he said .
the last thing she wanted to discover was that she was wrong about jane doe .
` ` what 's the other thing you needed to talk about ? ''
apparently , the two conversations going on at once were about the same thing .
` ` you are the most important thing to me , kylie .
okay , there was one thing kylie could n't share with her two best friends .
the only thing that mattered was her understanding the ghost 's message .
one thing at a time , first save someone 's life , then worry about boys .
another thing she 'd have to deal with soon .
` ` it 's not so much a bad thing , but it 's ... a private thing .
it 's the best place to go to ... think , to try to figure out things .
` ` one more thing ... '' holiday sat there , patiently waiting .
soon , her mom might find that out , but one thing at a time .
to me , it 's the same thing as race .
` ` as a matter of fact , there 's the thing i ' m the most curious about . ''
one more thing she needed to talk to holiday about .
heck , even her dad had warned her that teenage boys were general y after one thing .
no use in me trying to sugar coat things .
the forehead thing ? ''
` ` what about the whole chase thing ?
oh , hell , she 'd just found another thing to worry about .
` ` one more thing , '' burnett said , and they turned around .
she had no idea what this was about , but somehow , one thing was extra clear .
` ` i mean , i know guys do n't understand the whole period thing . ''
` ` the most important thing is that he 's in california right now , and has been for the last three days .
` ` then we 'll go dancing first thing . ''
it 's not as if you did anything , '' della said , trying to make light of the whole thing .
steve asked first thing .
which made della certain that the whole thing had n't been connected to her , but to kylie .
` ` actually , sir , the only thing i ' m disappointed in is that we almost convicted an innocent boy .
the trees swayed in the wind , and della realized that like the trees , things between her and steve could go either way .
she shut her eyes a minute , hearing what he was saying , but it did n't seem to be the thing she needed to worry about .
but one thing was for sure , he was n't going to let eric get his sister alone .
it 's just a little thing .
even his speedy vampire healing had taken its sweet time fixing things up .
but we both agree on one thing , that you need to work with jean - pierre and get this power of yours figured out .
` ` the only thing we 're not sure about is how to distract the wreckers so we can attack and get their weapons .
` ` one more thing , everyone .
she kept her mind focused on only one thing , the way the potion crept lower , now only an inch away , now less .
i just do n't want to lose it , that 's all , '' rachel said , trying to sound nonchalant about the whole thing .
after everything that had happened to her already tonight , this was the last thing she wanted to deal with .
let 's just drop this whole thing and get to class ! ''
it 's not like it was a little thing either , it was college for crying out loud .
it was a last minute thing , '' rachel said .
this is the last thing i should have to worry about .
he only had one thing on his mind , and that was to get rachel and whisk her off with him .
no wait , there 's one more thing !
` ` that 's a good point , and would totally make sense , but the thing is my parents probably put my name on this list of intruders .
he decided to forget about this whole thing and start painting .
this was the one thing rachel was strict with herself about : she never wanted a day a to go by without documenting it .
things could have been far worse ; the world could have been a completely different and far more awful place .
but call her a masochist there was one more thing that she had to ask .
she could stay like this forever , never changing a thing , never leaving the secure embrace of his arms .
if she started to break now then they would never survive this , and the most important thing right now was to make sure that the creatures in this town were destroyed before they could wreak havoc upon the earth .
they finally had one thing that was theirs , one thing that she did not have to feel self conscious about .
they finally had one thing that was theirs , one thing that she did not have to feel self conscious about .
this was the one thing that devon had been hoping cassie would n't wonder about .
the one thing he had hoped to keep from her .
` ` devon ... '' ` ` cassie your safety is the most important thing .
the reason i did n't tell you was because it is only one more thing for you to worry about , or to feel guilty about .
your safety is the only thing that i can worry about now .
it 's also the only thing that you can worry about . ''
there was no way to know what could have happened , and the last thing that she ever wanted was for to devon to be hurt , in anyway .
` ` i was playing the video game , and next thing i know i was waking up tied to a freaking chair !
she sighed softly , pacing slowly amongst the trees as she tried to work things out .
devon was wondering the same thing as he made his way toward town .
besides , the last thing he ever wanted was to hurt cassie .
she was the only thing keeping him sane , the only thing that was keeping him from destroying this room in a fit of rage .
for that was one thing he did know for certain , one day he would possess her completely .
for to alter one thing might mean that she may never have met devon , and that was a chance she was not willing to take .
though premonitions were a handy thing to have for a lot of things , they would not help him .
that was just fine by her , she was n't much in the mood for talking either , but there was one thing that she had to know .
he 'd thought that he had done everything there was to do ; apparently he had forgotten one thing .
the last thing he wanted was to hurt her , to take her against her will , to have her know that he was a monster .
the last thing that she wanted was for him to be hurt , or wounded , because he had become a part of her life .
this was one more thing that she simply could not deal with at the moment .
he usually had control over such a thing , unless he had gone to long between feedings and was extremely hungry , or primed for the kill .
the only thing he cared about was keeping her with him for as long as possible .
her whole life had been nothing but arduous and now that it was going so well , she was contemplating her own death , and no matter how she looked at it braith was right about one thing , she was going to die .
the last thing he had ever wanted to do was reveal to her what a monster he had been these past couple of months , he was immensely glad he had now .
the last thing he wanted to think about was his upcoming wedding , and the bitch he was marrying .
however , jack had been right about one thing , braith hated to see arianna unhappy , and she would be miserable if he did not allow her to do this .
the last thing he wanted was to see melinda try and fight her way through her brother .
it was true that the last thing she had wanted was to fall in love with a vampire , but she would n't change any of it .
not one damn thing about what had happened between her and braith .
` ` that is one thing we will have to keep secret , '' jack agreed .
but one thing she now knew was that he did not take well to being defied , and she was a little afraid that he might just rip her heart out .
one thing was for sure , he was n't going to force himself on her .
i may be paying the price now for my role in the resistance , but i would not change a thing .
she just wanted to not be someone 's captive , someone 's thing to use and order about as they saw fit .
the dreams he had of the woman - girl , really - he 'd loved all those years ago were a private thing .
she might not be certain exactly where she was , or what had happened to that whispery pink gown , or even whether the glow from the window was moonbeam or early dawn ... but one thing she knew for certain was the man next to her .
the door burst open , and the next thing sebastian knew , he was jerked from victoria , thrown against the wall .
the only thing that had been simple about last evening 's events was bidding sebastian good night ; she 'd expected him to attempt to make his case for why - and how - she should thank him for finding the ring .
she wished she really did give more than a fig about these things , but it was difficult to worry over tatting and trims when briyani lay dead and she had n't been able to see kritanu yet .
he was staying at the home he 'd shared with aunt eustacia here in london ; the place where victoria would move upon leaving st . heath 's row - which was yet another thing she needed to attend to .
she felt it was a private thing .
one thing was certain : she 'd never find him again tonight .
you ' ve thought the whole thing through . ''
one thing was certain : if max was indeed here , he must be badly hurt if he made no sound .
one thing was certain : victoria was going to take the small piece to the consilium , where it would be safe from prying eyes and hands .
victoria had one more thing to see to at the consilium , although everyone else thought she , too , had already gone .
what came next happened so rapidly that victoria was n't certain exactly how the events unfolded ... but the next thing she knew , her target was blocked by the wide skirts covering the behind of the duchess of farnham ... there was a sudden shriek of pain from the vampire ... a flurry of activity , a splash , and then ... suddenly ... the satisfying poof !
however , she had this one last thing to take care of .
` ` he is a formidable venator ; that one thing is certain .
but the next thing she knew she was awakened by a sudden dip on the bed next to her .
the bloody thing was , he would have succeeded .
and there is one more thing .
but victoria , i do not believe destiny is a fixed thing .
` ` you know ... there is one other thing . ''
she was going to tell daddy when he came back outside with the telephone , but by then her bag of cheez - its had spilled and she was squatting and eating them off the driveway , and after getting yelled at she forgot the whole thing .
i went through my thing .
they started coming down the hall at him , and the next thing he knew , he was hammering away at them with his cuffed hands , throwing them against walls , smashing their faces into the floor .
now , there is ono more thing that i want you to considor .
` ` wo'ro forgotting ono vory important thing . ''
i 'll watch out for ashe as much as i can , but i ' m not always the most tactful person or the best person in this sort of thing .
` ` we ' ve pretty much figured those things out for ourselves , '' winkler muttered dryly and took another sip of coffee .
ashe told himself that he should n't be upset over such a trivial thing .
` ` then i 'll pay the whole thing .
when winkler went with him to explain why he 'd gone missing , adele treated the whole thing lightly .
` ` kid , this is a big thing to put in your hands , '' marcus growled .
marcus could n't fathom why ashe and winkler had been so secretive about the whole thing .
` ` adele , '' aedan rubbed the back of his neck uncomfortably , ` ` that 's not the only thing we have to be concerned about .
yet another thing he did n't plan to tell anyone .
his mother had been quite upset about the whole thing , but she had n't explained it , either .
ashe shrugged over the whole thing and resolved to wait it out .
there is one last thing , '' ren went on .
things were settling into a normal routine ; he and his mother were back to work at cordell feed and seed and chump and wormy were locked up in a windowless house for the rest of the summer .
ashe wanted to talk the whole thing over with sali , but sali was walking out of the garage with his father , likely headed home to wait for news about marco .
adele asked for it to go , first thing .
cori is terrified that she 'll be accused when she did n't have a thing to do with it , '' sali said , walking toward the site .
she just wanted to talk about that with somebody who might be objective over the whole thing . ''
sali was fretting over the whole thing , ashe could tell .
most of the adults were attempting to comfort , but ashe decided that grief was a personal thing ; something you had to come to terms with and find a way to get through somehow .
she 'd arrived for her birthday party , but that was the last thing on her mind .
that was tony talking , and he was voicing my concern over the whole thing .
now what was that you said about dropping this whole thing ? ''
` ` no , kiarra , we do n't need to do a thing about this . ''
i was only interested in one thing , though .
things might have gone better if that information had been passed along first thing .
things might have gone better if that information had been passed along first thing .
the thing that flavio appreciated the most , however , was the renewed friendship with aurelius and the increasing friendship with gardevik , the high demon prime minister .
and other things were clicking into place , too - things like who else might have known , and when did they know ?
and other things were clicking into place , too - things like who else might have known , and when did they know ?
grant was already getting into the solid food thing , i could tell .
it was a good thing we did n't need the toilet , too , because ours did n't work .
there is one other thing , too . ''
amara attempted to divert his attention , but he was obsessed with the whole thing .
i berated myself for not feeling better and more cheerful over the whole thing .
` ` flavio says he 'll set me up , if i want to manage the whole thing . ''
merrill had talked at length with griffin over the entire thing .
connegar waited to place a healing sleep afterward , if things went badly .
i needed to take care of this , but i had one other thing to do first .
i sealed off the whole thing , too .
` ` and he wo n't be bothering me over every little thing since he ca n't speak . ''
i felt uncomfortable about the whole thing .
well , things started falling into place for me , right then .
` ` you were the first thing in a very long time that i truly wanted , '' gavin admitted quietly .
bill 's department is taking all the credit for capturing rahim alif - we just ca n't announce on the nightly news that four vampires and a werewolf handled the whole thing , now can we ? ''
the whole thing was hushed up and never made public .
surprisingly , he was quite smooth about the whole thing when she started asking questions , such as how we met and how long we 'd been married .
that was the only thing that was going right at the moment .
` ` the other thing i wonder is if saxom managed to turn any females , '' i added .
we should concentrate our efforts on solar red and leave that thing to someone else . ''
weldon was worried over the same thing , but did n't want to reveal his concern to lucas .
i did n't have a thing with me to wipe away the tears , but a very nice woman who walked out of the pub gave me a handful of tissues and asked if i needed anything .
wlodek asked , first thing .
the authorities were taking a cautious approach to the entire thing , warning everybody not to jump to conclusions while they were still investigating .
` ` tony , if you 're going to deal with what i am , that 's the first thing you have to think of , '' i said .
it 's a damn good thing winkler had money ; he was going to need it .
i should have had a headache over the whole thing , but it was my stomach that was clenching , telling me i needed to eat .
and if i understand things correctly , if her fiance finds out what we 're doing , that might not be a good thing . ''
maybe the other female vampires do n't have to deal with this sort of thing on a daily basis , but they do n't have the talent and the intelligence that you do .
the news reported that it was a kitchen employee who went a little crazy and that the whole thing had been handled without injury .
charles had the whole thing set up on speaker , although we could hear both sides of the conversation anyway .
the royal family and the spencer family were quite upset over the whole thing .
` ` he asked about you first thing and i felt ashamed of myself .
at least one member of the council snickered a little over the whole thing .
and he lectured me quite extensively over the whole thing .
the whole thing pissed me off and i would have tossed and turned if that was possible .
` ` lissa , i hate to put you back in that bag , but i want to leave first thing in the morning , '' weldon said when he walked out of the bathroom dressed in a towel .
once again , i instructed her to forget the whole thing .
the whole thing was truly strange and i was about to call gavin to ask him about it , but other things drew my attention first .
claws were formed on my hands that materialized out of thin air , taking the head from mr . vampy , first thing .
my things were still in weldon 's room and i could n't get to them while the conversation had taken place .
` ` we 're trying to contact the young man for an interview , '' the anchor was smiling , refusing to take the whole thing seriously .
one more thing for the vampire manual to explain , i ' m sure .
there was popcorn between the sofa cushions , so i vacuumed the whole thing out .
that 's why winkler is very careful about that sort of thing .
while i appreciate that , things like the bent rocket launcher do n't go unnoticed .
winkler knew , whether gavin told him or not , that the man i 'd dated a whole three times was a thing of the past - he 'd only been there on vacation , after all .
` ` i know that you would be right behind wlodek in the age thing .
` ` do n't ever tell me about that sort of thing .
people ca n't handle this sort of thing . ''
i thought that the truth was an important thing .
i ' ve been so focused on everything else - elder , the murders , the mystery - i 'd nearly forgotten the most important thing .
once things settle down , i do an all - call , requesting that everyone meet in the garden behind the hospital .
` ` that the important thing was n't getting off the ship .
` ` we do n't have time for that sort of thing , maddie , '' she says firmly .
it 's the first thing anyone ever talks about with this mission , even your dad .
but i do n't think dad cares about that sort of thing anymore .
fortunately , the bottom of the escape rocket extends farther out than the cockpit , but it 'll still be a near thing , especially if i have too much speed .
one thing , however , made me pause .
the normalcy - challenged thing that i had noticed was actually not all that odd , all things considered .
` ` it 's a good thing i do n't need to go to the bathroom , '' grandpa smedry said in a cheerful voice .
' well , it 's a good thing i ' m an important smedry , then , is n't it ! '
' i understand you 're the one to come to about that sort of thing . '
it 's a good thing folsom was n't there , otherwise he would have begun to ' dance . '
' it 's the principle of the thing , ' he called back .
then there 's the soccer thing , but she 's not a tomboy either .
` ` yeah , but most girls are squeamish about that sort of thing . ''
this is n't the first time he 's hinted at this sort of thing .
yes , one thing at a time .
etienne is a good - luck charm when it comes to this sort of thing .
apart from the age thing , of course .
` ` there 's not really a market for that sort of thing these days .
but i was so upset about the moving thing that it took me weeks to put the pieces together . ''
the whole sunday thing should n't be a problem there . ''
things are going past me in a blur - snippets of conversation and laughter , the feel of coats brushing against my skin , the smell of beer and perfume and shower gel and sweat - all of it whirling and spinning together .
the thought of how jealous lindsay will be makes the whole thing more than worth it .
things register in short bursts , a movie reel that 's been chopped up : the feel of the rough wood banister ; emma mcelroy leaning back against a wall , her mouth open and gasping - maybe laughing ? -like a fish on a hook ; christmas lights winking , blurred light .
chest hair has always grossed me out ; it 's another thing i do n't think about tonight .
i so wish that the only thing bothering me was a fight with lindsay , or something dumb ally said .
things change after you die , though - i guess because dying is about the loneliest thing you can do .
the parking space is a small thing , a detail , but today i ' m not going to do anything wrong .
things are clicking into place , making a horrible kind of sense : she needed us here , needed that final push .
when we get to school i have a few things to take care of in the rose room , so i split up with elody and lindsay .
my heart skips a beat : this is the important thing .
the truth was , jill and i had been in the same honors courses since tenth grade , but we had an unspoken understanding to keep quiet about that sort of thing .
cassidy and i went off to each other 's rounds that morning and acted like nothing at all was the matter , like the biggest thing between us was that we 'd shared a bed .
the last thing i wanted to talk about was why i 'd missed the homecoming court announcement , and the last person i wanted to talk about it with was anamica patel .
because cassidy had been wrong about one thing in that desperate lie she 'd delivered that night in the park .
i sit quiet for a while and then i say , ` ` for all of it , ezra , the thing i regret most is the fact that the home for orphans that i had set up with my prizes will now go begging ... my poor , dear grandfather . ''
for one thing , i have met with your mr . fennel and mr . bean and have entered into some of their theatricals , and they are priming me for bigger parts .
she is plain , though not unattractive , but i do n't think she cares about that sort of thing at all - what she cares about is knowledge , and especially science knowledge .
then higgins collects himself and replies , ` ` i ' ve done some thinking on this very thing .
we must take things one thing at a time .
oh , and another thing : this setting up of divisions is a secret from them .
` ` sure you can , hughie , but just one thing , '' i say , and reach in through the bars and find his hand .
` ` for one thing , i want to start teaching everybody how to step dance- '' ` ` that irish stuff ? ''
charlie 's been real moody lately and i know it 's 'cause the polly thing has been weighing heavy on his mind .
deciding i did n't need to keep letting fin decide how things happened between us , i turned my palm around so that the back of my hand rested on the counter and tapped my fingers against the slate impatiently .
but then i broke into a smile and ruined the whole thing .
` ` uh , one more thing .
an ambush of emotions takes over as i realize i sold the whole thing short .
i follow him to the door , realizing that he just shared this really intimate thing with me , and i freaked out .
` ` cara is the most important thing in my life , a defining part of me .
suddenly aware that we will say goodbye in less than two hours , the whole thing feels hopelessly muddled and complicated .
* * * emily and derek try their best to take my mind off of my disastrous love life , but my brain has a sort of three - strikes - and - you're - out mentality about the whole thing , and graham is strike three .
i would say now comes the tricky part , but this whole damned thing is tricky .
they al base their verdicts on the same thing : what i look like in relation to him .
and then the conversation about sex- something thing i never thought i 'd be discussing with dorcas cantrel -and my foul language .
the tone of my voice says i 'd maybe forgotten the whole thing , when in actuality i ' m relieved and switching gears .
i ' m afraid of becoming my workaholic father , but the only thing i ' m ever serious about is work .
he 's right about one thing .
i swear i have n't told anyone anything and he 's not discussed a thing with me . ''
this whole thing could hit a brick wall , where either you or the court says it 's a no - go .
the number one thing they 'll want to know : who 's the daddy ?
' one more thing - i ' ve been contacted by a social worker in texas - and asked to pass along a request for you to return the call .
one thing we agree on is half - filling his built - in bookcase with books - dozens of picture books - favourites from my childhood , and anything new that catches my eye .
when i asked her point - blank if the judge was considering an early placement due to wendy 's health issues , she told me she could n't reveal that sort of thing .
but charlie just shakes his head and says , ` ` mary , we got to have a lot of irons in the fire , not just one thing , 'cause if that one thing plays out , why , where would we be then ? ''
the thing still bothers me , though .
` ` it 's a delicate thing , boy , '' he says , ` ` and not spoke of much . ''
` ` sir , there 's one thing i think you 're mistaken about , if you 'll forgive me .
one thing that worries me , though , is that jaimy 's been acting kind of odd .
one thing that grieves me , though , is that i ' ve got to stay away from liam 'cause it ai n't good for him to be seen with the little fairy , and so i miss the comfort of being with him and i ai n't picking up any new tunes , but that 's all right 'cause there ai n't much singing and dancing going on now , anyway .
i hold up the third eating thing at my place .
when they get good and hot , i use a couple of palm frond stems as tongs to pick them and drop them in the pot to help things along .
one thing was certain : this was n't scilo .
next thing i know i ' m flying through the air , bleeding like a stuck pig . ''
next thing i knew , i was tucked up in warden 's bed , tilted on my left side .
there was only white light , the last light : a final rest on the edge of consciousness , the place where all things meet an end .
good thing there 's generally a steady breeze from the ocean to clear things out .
but one thing you got ta know , jacky , '' she says , ` ` i still owe you one ... for randall . ''
things do n't look good for ravi in this place , i ' m thinking .
i stick my nose in and breathe deeply - ahhhh , yes ... wo n't this be a dainty thing to set before a king !
i know it 's a small thing to break up over , but really , the way he handled it ( lying !
joni asks first thing .
7 when he parks , coach says , ` ` there 's one other thing . ''
the season is the only thing that really makes any sense in my life .
when things slow down a little , i 'll have one of the nurses deliver the flowers to your girlfriend .
it was the only thing i felt like i had control over , and it was honestly more of a survival plan than an escape plan .
the last thing i wanted was for her to look out of her bedroom window to see evan 's sleek black car letting me out .
my future was the only thing that mattered now .
` ` then there 's just one more thing . ''
` ` the age thing , '' he explained with a shrug .
` ` it 's a girl thing .
it was a good thing evan had stayed after all .
` ` not to sound too deep , but i ' ve been considering how just one little thing can drastically affect so many different things .
they date , have sex , and the next thing you knowa baby 's born .
the whirlwind of thoughts in my head overtook me , and the next thing i knew i was asking , ` ` where are you from ? ''
i was about to open my mouth to explain that i did n't dance , but the next thing i knew , we were squeezed in among the sweaty bodies and his hand was pressed against the small of my back , pulling me against him .
time moved fast , and the next thing i knew , i was yelling along with everyone else as this year ticked away into the next .
' peyton , the drinking was a one - time thing .
i hesitated , knowing that i could make things difficult if i said the wrong thing .
' like the pool thing ? '
i kept the map and the reading thing to myself .
but even if he was n't clear on the details , as we walked up to join the guys , he was clear about one thing .
maybe it was that , or maybe it was the other thing ; she did n't want me to find out anything , if it had to do with her .
you ' ve found your place in the order of things .
` ` the only thing i want to know is , when you broke that window with your broomstick , did you take out the future generation of the dar ? ''
` ` for most casters , it 's a conscious thing , just like it says here .
that was one of the things i was worried about , but it was n't the only thing .
there is one last thing . ''
` ` i think that was the one thing your mother and i disagreed on . ''
but one thing was obvious .
the way link told it , the whole thing had dropped on his head out of nowhere , like the anvil that always fel on the coyote in those old road runner cartoons .
` ` we should give this thing to goodwill .
it was the other thing we did n't like to talk about .
` ` that 's the only thing i miss eatin ' .
for a minute , it looked like there was going to be a serious catfight , until savannah remembered her arm was still in a sling , and pretended the whole thing was a big misunderstanding .
she had always been smarter than everyone around her , designing devices to measure the pull of the moon , or some other thing no one else cared about or understood .
it 's kinda my thing .
i had things to figure out and places to go - that much i knew .
` ` the important thing is that your fate - this fate - can be changed . ''
then there was the other thing .
now that the order of things was repaired , the grass was n't burning up anymore , and the lubbers were gone .
i tried not to think about the other thing .
she had always been on him about one thing or another , but she loved link .
it was a little thing , julia told herself .
it just was n't my thing .
not knowing what else to comment on , i picked the one thing that seemed the most irrelevant .
but , a few of the more vocal teachers , and i ' m assuming mr . varner was among these , had raised quite a ruckus over the whole thing , insisting that there had been memorials over the summer and the students had had the entire year with a grief counselor on staff to deal with their pain .
kain climbed off the railing , effectively reminding me of my place in the scheme of things .
` ` exactly the thing i want to talk about . ''
we were arguing over who cal ed shotgun first ... and the next thing i know , we 're ful -on making out . ''
` ` i needed that - not the last thing !
` ` i ' m sorry about hitting you and ... the other thing . ''
next thing you know , you'l actual y consider me a friend . ''
everything had changed - i had changed , but the one thing i could be sure about was between aiden and seth , i 'd be learning lots of things .
i might look like a scarred - up freak , but i had n't failed a damn thing .
they pretended whatever was going on between them was a casual thing , but i knew different .
and there was another thing i had n't known he was aware of .
however , marcus had been wrong about one thing the last time he 'd lectured me .
over his shoulder , i spotted boobs eyeing the whole thing with a pouty , displeased look .
the next thing i knew he 'd disappeared beyond the heavy council doors .
` ` i thought you were against this whole fate thing . ''
` ` now that everyone who is anyone is here , we have one more thing to discuss . ''
the only thing is the elixir and- '' ` ` no . ''
fate is fate , you see , but there is one thing we do not take into consideration when we spin the threads of life , not even when we cut it . ''
it was n't until dawn came and the sun rose , chasing away the murky shadows , that i thought about how happy my mom would be , knowing that marcus and i had sort of patched things up .
all things considering , probably not the best place to be , especially when i got an eyeful of some of the most recent destruction caused by the bipolar gods .
chapter 36 aiden had n't left the bed , so i guess cutting back on the whole sleeping arrangement thing was n't going to start today .
turning around slowly , i opened my mouth to tell him that was the last thing i wanted to talk about , but that was n't what came out .
i could n't focus on that today , but it was the only thing i really thought of as i took a quick shower and got changed .
honestly , it 's the last thing i should even be thinking about . ''
he rocked slowly , murmuring something that i really was n't hearing because all i could focus on was one thing .
` ` i remember being out by the cars and seeing a few sentinels i did n't recognize , and then the next thing i know , i ' m standing inside the gate and there you two were . ''
perses was making short work of the monsters , but the falling flames were making it difficult to pay attention to any one thing .
i think we know where i stand on the whole submission thing . ''
it was n't my thing .
this is just how i ' m gon na be , like , a ' you break , you buy ' kind of thing . ''
i leaned forward and wrapped my hand around the closest thing i could reach - his calf .
i 'd be prying around in other people 's personal business , but my reasons for doing so were far more important than a silly little thing like privacy .
` ` there 's one other thing i want to talk to you about . ''
among other concerns , you both live under my roof , but i suppose it 's a good thing he did n't listen to me . ''
the bodice comes down low - much lower than i would have thought for boston , but i ' ve given up trying to figure out that kind of thing as there never seems no sense to it - i mean , we got drawers with ruffles to keep the legs from being too noticeable down below , yet we have the chest in danger of spilling out up top .
he seems delighted that it is such a simple thing and soon he 'll be back in the hole where i ' m sure he hides himself the livelong day .
` ` please , mistress , it 's such a small thing and i ... '' the switch catches me on the leg again and i cries out , ` ` oh !
` ` and , miss faber , the most important thing of all , '' she says , standing and raising herself to her full height , ` ` although you may know the name of this school to be the lawson peabody school for young girls , i want you to fully understand that those are the names of the founders and trustees but that it is my school and my girls and you will never bring disgrace down upon me and my school by your actions and comportment .
and then a thing of gravy is put on the table .
why not cut the whole thing up at once and why do you have to change hands ?
` ` besides , i ' m not ready for that sort of thing yet . ''
i thought when i first got here that all these girls were just bits of fluff , but i ' m finding that they are pretty political and this country ai n't easy with itself in some things .
` ` it is possible , though , that it was not my skill as a lawyer that delayed the court 's granting reverend mather 's request but rather that other thing . ''
i 'll leave the whole thing sit for an hour or two and then i 'll pour off the dye and rinse out the britches and hang them to dry .
now let 's me and you go get married and have a fine toss in the hay and then we 'll talk about other things . ''
my thoughts are spinning wildly about my head , but one thing stands out : she is trying to help me .
` ` yes , and come summer , we shall take the whole thing on the road and then become the toast of the entire coast , from boston to richmond , shall we not , mr .
the dark caster club did n't have enough alcohol or enough sugar to keep her mind off all the things she had spent the summer trying to forget .
it 's a hygiene thing . ''
if the stakes were high enough , it might take her mind off the one thing she could n't stop thinking about .
` ` there 's one last thing , though . ''
` ` then there 's your answer , because that seems to be the most important thing .
next thing i know i ' m hoisted onto his lap and he 's motioning for harry to get in next to dwarf .
any other time i probably would ' ve been glowing , but my crush on isaac mayfair was the last thing i could think about .
then i noticed one thing that should have been questionable all along : was he really a teenager ?
sure , everything seemed resolved , but there was still one thing i could n't resolve myself : the vargas family wanted me dead in order to protect what i knew about them .
the whole thing was an act ; school was the last place i wanted to be and geometry , the last thing i wanted to learn .
i knew that i did n't want to live as a beast ; that was one thing for certain .
but there 's just one thing i still ca n't quite shake : this wound under my ribs ... well , it 's already gone and i ' m a little worried about why ... . 1 three months ago - march i run until my feet bleed , until i can no longer feel the pain of every searing cut and nerve - ending exposed to debris and freezing snow that burns like fire .
but there 's one thing that constantly gnaws at the back of my mind about that .
but then , i really would n't know about that sort of thing .
` ` no , '' i say , pulling my hair into a ponytail , ` ` the way i ' ve been feeling , it 's probably a good thing i did n't go with you . ''
now , the funny thing about this is that it 's not like isaac does n't have more important things to be doing with his day , like consorting with his brothers about pack issues and vargas issues and other issues like that .
` ` i fear losing my mind more because the way i feel about someone else is the only thing in this world that i know i can control .
but one thing is for certain : two of us are brokenhearted .
` ` yes , '' i say simply , ` ` but that 's one thing i wo n't talk about anymore , so drop it .
daisy finally says with a little melody in the word and as though this whole thing is ridiculous .
although genna bishop has already helped me so much , there was still yet one more thing that i needed to ask of her before she left us and handed over the reins to harry , my best friend and guardian .
maybe it 's a guy thing .
` ` there 's just one thing we did n't have time to work out yet , '' harry says in my mind and i know isaac and nathan hear it too because they both look in at us between them after harry 's comment .
` ` unfortunately , '' nathan says , ` ` it 's a major thing , but we have to do this now .
so , this was what he meant earlier when he said there was one thing they had n't quite worked out yet .
and the only thing that her mind seemed to remember as though that one small part of her life had been somehow trapped in the depths of her subconscious was her need to bear him a child .
i guess it 's also a good thing she does n't know that because she did n't fulfill her so - called destiny that i ' m supposed to kill her .
so then it 's not just me and nathan and daisy who want things in our society to change .
right now the most important thing is what 's in front of me : adria 's aunt and uncle , terrified and in grave danger .
but not a thing .
for another thing , even though i do n't know how to picture you yet ( every time i try , you seem to be holding up a red moleskine notebook to cover your face ) , i have a solid feeling you do n't have hair ringlets dangling from your temples .
` ` and one more thing , lily ! ''
usually she got away with it , her subjects none the wiser , but this time the beautiful boy caught her looking , and the next thing she knew he was smiling under his fake mustache and coming over .
` ` it 's a good thing i had some scuppies on me , then , '' said karou , flopping into the chair bain had just vacated .
so small a thing as that .
but karou ... the last thing he wanted to do was hurt her again , so he had endured as much as he could .
and he had the most critical thing , the crux .
` ` oh , it 's an age thing ? ''
` ` that was the first thing .
if he had any decency in him he would wish her happiness with one of her own kind , because whatever else was uncertain in these terrible days , one thing was sure : there was no hope that she could still love him .
` ` more of a luck thing . ''
it was so big it eclipsed everything , even the one thing in my life i counted as the most important .
she was just ten , but the important thing was , she was short and i could see over her head .
` ` listen , sara , i am so sorry about that investment thing . ''
i just show up out of nowhere after seeing your picture in the paper , you ' ve got this rich and famous boyfriend , and me , dummy that i am , i end up talking to you about this investment thing .
i followed the arrows , coming out to a backstage area where crew was hurrying around , getting things done .
hana is so relaxed about the whole thing , so nonchalant and normal .
after the borders went up , the president and the consortium had one last thing to take care of before we could all be safe and happy .
the strange thing is that for a minute in the middle of all that noise and confusion , i see things super clearly , in slow motion , like i ' m watching a film from a distance : i see a guard dog make a leap for a guy to my left ; i see his knees buckle as he topples forward with the barest , tiniest noise , like a breath or a sigh , a crescent of blood spattering up from his neck , where the dog 's teeth tear into him .
the excuses seem irrelevant : as i ' m speaking i realize there 's only a single thing that really matters .
it 's not the kind of thing we wanted to publicize . ''
one thing is certain : i wo n't have the procedure tomorrow .
in that split second she manages to get her knife out , and the next thing i see is the blade whistling toward me .
` ` of course , i guess you wanted to keep the whole thing hush - hush .
` ` this - what 's happening now - is the only thing that matters .
direction , like time , is a general thing , deprived of boundaries and borders .
the last thing i want is to be taken by surprise by willow marks again .
stupid , when there are so many other things to worry about ; but still the mind will circle back to this one thing .
stupid , when there are so many other things to worry about ; but still the mind will circle back to this one thing .
one thing is obvious : i need to move .
for some reason , this place had not attracted ivy 's attention , and he needed to keep things that way for a while longer .
and they were intently focused on one thing .
` ` i ' m as high up as you can get in my branch of things .
but , the thing that concerned me most was his eyes .
i heard every word she said , but i fixated on one thing .
but , the one thing that you have to know is that the guardian that we posted to block the entrance will be worse than anything you could possibly imagine .
but the whole thing hinges on him now . ''
i shrugged , feeling irritated with the whole thing .
the whole thing ? ''
` ` the only thing i do care about is making your life as painful as possible . ''
they ran the place , and continued to do so , asking my approval for things .
if you could just change that one thing , it would make my life a whole lot easier . ''
i ' m not really into the whole makeup thing .
it 's just not my thing .
i ' m pacing across one of the only other things dad 's anal about - his lawn .
part of me just wants to open the conversation with a punch to the head and hope it takes care of the insanity thing .
i mean , that 's enough because it 's a hell of a big thing , but i ' m guessing there 's more .
you should have told me first thing . ''
she shakes her head , obviously still embarrassed about the whole thing .
` ` well then , nik , you are n't factoring in one very important thing . ''
bartender jimmy let will get away with a lot more than the previous owner did , but i think even he was a little surprised about the hair thing .
sleep is purely a surface thing , along with eating food .
i gulped the entire thing down without pausing for a breath .
i looked down at my feet and realized i had n't counted one thing in my list of assets .
the only thing i was n't sure about was why he was with me .
sure , it was n't an optimistic paper , but it was the only thing i could write passionately about .
i put my hand over my mouth , annoyed at myself for giving voice to the one wedge between me and jack , the one thing that we would always disagree on .
saving you is the only important thing . ''
` ` that 's like the only thing on my mind .
the entire thing ? ''
ashe stepped off the ledge and went into a free fall , and the only thing on his mind was the face of the woman he was trying to forget .
while jack and will took care of a few things at home , namely a way to disappear without causing their mother to call in a search party , cole went to the everneath alone to find out when the next feast was taking place .
` ` i do n't have that sort of thing in mind . ''
that , to me , is the most important thing .
i should be doing justin 's homework - i ' m always pretty conscientious about that kind of thing , if i ' m able to do it - but my mind keeps drifting to rhiannon .
it is not usually this bad , first thing in the morning .
the grocery store , the stories in the aisles , the first time you saw his room - that will all be there , and i wo n't have to change a single thing .
we would have shrugged and moved on to the next thing .
fiona , though , brought the whole thing up .
one thing was certain , his father certainly would n't have invited charles into the bar - despite his mother 's pollyannaish suggestion the day before his interview , charles and his father never met for lunch .
sylvie guessed james knew why scott was angry at him , for he always seemed so contritely attentive to scott , forever trying to clear the stale air between them , but it was yet another thing james and sylvie never discussed .
to charles , it just felt like another thing scott had and he didn't - it seemed like that list of things was getting bigger by the day .
the only thing that mattered was defending her honor , their family 's honor .
it 's kind of a city thing . ''
and even though she should have concentrated all her energy on what the doctors were about to do to him and that she might , possibly , lose him , in that moment , the only thing she could think about was what she 'd brought up the night before .
` ` maybe it 's more of a public school thing , '' rob volunteered sweetly .
scott was like a flighty cat - the slightest thing would send him scurrying back under the desk .
he 's making a house call , a last - minute thing . ''
the only thing that matters is how other people see what we 're going through . ''
` ` one more thing before you go , '' he said .
we were sitting so close to one another that the only thing between our knees was a whisper of air .
but as i glanced back one more time at the monstrous creature , i saw its demon eyes blazing violently beneath the hood of its cloak , and the next thing i knew , it charged for me .
here we were , about to be froze to death by monsters , and aislin was ... well , i have no idea what she was doing , but it seemed really out of place , all things considering .
` ` i really do n't think that 's the most important thing right now , considering you have a piece of glass sticking out of your rib . ''
i heard him shift in the seat , and the next thing i knew he 'd pressed the palm of his hand to my forehead .
however , there was one thing i never mentioned .
another thing , why did alex have to get out of the jeep to talk to stephan ?
` ` but i have one small thing i have to ask you before i do . ''
i mean the last thing i can remember is being surrounded by a ton of death walkers , and stephan trying to use some creepy smoking rock to try and take my mind away . ''
well , i guess that meant there was one less thing i had to worry about .
although , there was one thing i was dying to know - i had to know right now , even though thinking about it made me sick to my stomach .
i mean , for one thing that would require us to explain to him how we received the information , which in turn would result in a full on freak out on alex 's part .
` ` i think you 're going to have to make a choice here on whether or not you think we should go get him , because for one thing , if you saw him in the underworld with you , you 're probably going to need him .
gradually , bit by bit , things started to shift into focus ... the trees around me ... the sky above me ... the lake below me .
alex removed everything from the box , and piled all of it onto the floor , except for one thing : a sapphire - blue teardrop diamond .
in fact all of my thoughts disappeared and were replaced by one thing .
` ` okay , you two , '' my mother interrupted , which was a good thing because i could feel the electricity on the rise , so things were about to get really heated .
it 's the one thing we really need to find out because i have a feeling it might be the key to stopping it all . ''
then , the next thing i knew , nicholas was in front of me , so close i could smell his flowery scent overlapping the scent of the salty ocean air .
and keeping your energy preserved is the most important thing right now . ''
everything felt complete , except for one thing .
the next thing i noticed was how bad my body hurt , like every bone in my body had snapped in two .
and for another thing ... '' he paused .
one minute i was talking to my father , and the next thing i know i ' m being shoved down by nicholas .
what s the last thing ?
there was a flash and the next thing i knew we were falling to another world .
i tried to tell her a million times that it was a bad idea , because the last thing i wanted to do was take down a vampire when aislin and laylen were running around , doing who knows what .
right now , i only cared about one thing .
the whole thing was enough of a mess , without bringing anyone else into it .
i only meant it as a gesture , to slow things down , but he took a step towards me at just that moment and suddenly my palms were against his chest .
so it 's really not a sex thing ? ''
neil would say to walk away from the whole thing , but then he did n't understand why i did it in the first place .
` ` one thing , '' i said suddenly , without turning around .
it 's a last minute thing . ''
the last thing i wanted was for jasmine to get involved with him - things were complicated enough already .
enough that i 'd break and call the whole thing off ?
if i hassled him , he could walk away from the whole thing .
next thing i knew , i was standing over him and he had a bust jaw and a broken rib . ''
first thing , are you ready ? ''
then i was tasting him , a hint of salt and delicious male musk , but the thing i was n't ready for was how warm he was , the incredible intimacy of that hot , pulsing flesh against my tongue .
it 's a girl thing .
` ` it was always going to be complicated , '' i said , ` ` given the sex thing . ''
now i had a pretty good idea - his own life , his lack of a future , the dyslexia ... the only thing i did n't understand was what the thread of hope represented .
that 's the one thing i can fix .
frustrated , ari wanted more but he was annoyingly vague about the whole thing and would only answer one of her questions - could jinn read minds ?
next thing i know my shirt is off , my hand is down his pants- '' ` ` uh rachel ! ''
and it would have been nice if charlie had shown up , not wasted , but together , so she had one less thing to worry about .
i wanted the best , purest thing in my life to remain that and i could n't guarantee that would happen if you stuck around .
and on that note ... the second thing i wanted to talk about ... '' when his lips came down on hers and his strong arms pulled her close , ari froze .
as she flopped into bed she felt guilty for the one thing she should n't have been worrying about today of all days .
turning her head to stare impassively at fallon , ari was inwardly amazed by fallon 's casualness towards the whole thing .
she did n't take things too seriously like ari did sometimes and she did n't make charlie feel bad about the whole sorcerer thing .
he was aware that charlie had the look of a war victim , the trauma glazing his eyes , but jai could only deal with one thing at a time , and ari needed him .
` ` i'l talk to her about the whole privacy thing , '' she promised .
it had been one thing to discuss the probability of jinn coming after her , but the reality of them attacking was so completely different .
he could have magicaly cleaned himself up , as wel as have gotten rid of the beard while in the bottle but it realy had been the furthest thing from his mind .
` ` you know , because of the swim thing ?
the last thing we need is violence on our streets over things that have nothing to do with us . ''
his anxiety fueled hers , and the last thing he wanted was for her to avoid him again .
she eventually lost the battle , and the next thing she knew she was being jolted around .
` ` i barely sleep at night , wondering how one little thing could have changed it all .
child slaves end up one place , and they may have broken conduct and murdered innocents , but some things were still off limits to us all . ''
another thing to add to the list ... the bottom step is loose , the kitchen window wo n't budge most days , the tire swing fell down , and the front door is in desperate need of new paint .
` ` i thought you read the whole thing .
` ` anyway , one more thing .
i ' ve never been into the whole church thing . ''
he was in and out and on to the next thing within a matter of minutes .
he struggled to function on his own , and the last thing he wanted to do was drag her down with him .
` ` we have one more thing to take care of tonight , so pull yourself together . ''
typically those kinds of events took place at the boss 's house , but corrado was n't like the guys who used to run things .
it 's a simple thing , but simple things matter .
leaving immediately - just getting far away from herr silverman and the talk we had last night - is the most important thing in the world .
the look on his face changes thing .
one more thing she could n't handle .
the next thing i know , alec 's lips are on mine .
i did n't know where else to tell her to meet me and now i do n't know why i ' m thinking about stupid things that do n't matter like why i picked the coffee shop .
their plane leaves to take them home in two days and they have things to take care of before they go .
girl thing .
this is a girl thing . ''
sara told her she wanted her to add some orange and i tried to give her shit by making her do the whole thing like that . ''
i mean , i ' m sure she really does n't want to spend her friday night learning basketball 101 when she 's already told me it 's not her thing .
so not the thing i want to talk about with my mom .
patrice confirms and the next thing i know , kira 's kissing me goodbye and walking away to go dance with patrice .
` ` you probably aced the damn thing . ''
it was the one thing i could n't fix or figure out .
black starbursts filled my vision , and the last thing i remembered was hearing my name , and then there was nothing .
such a stupid thing to worry about , and i honestly would ' ve been better off if he had , but all that was beside the point .
it might not have been so bad , except for one thing : the teacup was yellow .
` ` the one thing we do know is that tonight is the roseville town carnival , and mr . smith , for good or bad , is a man who loves his funnel cakes . ''
i said , trying to brush the whole thing aside .
` ` to display common likes and help with the whole breath thing . ''
` ` it was n't a big thing . ''
she smoothed my hair and said , ` ` but the thing i worried most about was that you 'd spend your childhood learning to be hard and strong and never learn that it 's okay to be soft and sweet . ''
but somehow i knew that the office of operative development and human intelligence was probably far less concerned about the trash thing than it was about what came after the trash thing .
anything was possible , but one thing was sure : this quiz was n't about grades - nothing at the gallagher academy ever really is .
but how could i possibly sit there as if my liquid liner were the most important thing in the world ?
and the most important thing in the world was that we kept it that way .
still , there was one thing i had to ask .
the only thing left to wonder ... was why .
and at that moment kissing needed to be the furthest thing from my mind !
and yet that was the thing that worried me most .
if i 'd been another girl with another cover , i do n't know what i would have done ; but right then , only one thing mattered .
bex asked , choosing , i guess , to let the liability thing slide for the time being .
but at the gallagher academy , ` ` strange '' is a completely relative thing .
any little thing might be important . ''
` ` your memory is a complex thing .
and the next thing i knew , there was a splatter of blood and bex was screaming , her face a mix of shock and fear and ... relief as the man fell to the ground and did n't move again .
by the time the day was almost over , there was one thing that i could n't shake from my mind .
it was the kind of place a person might go to fall in love ; but zach was on another continent , and my mind was totally supposed to be on other things .
but a key does no good without a lock , and that 's the next thing i have to find .
but that was n't the most important thing right then .
but he was wrong about one thing .
i do n't want you to worry about this thing - this italy thing .
` ` then this is a very serious thing .
but the second ( and more important ) thing was that he should not talk to macey again .
kat did n't know whether to be scared or impressed , so she just focused on the only thing that mattered in that moment .
but the thing that made her heart beat faster was the handwritten line at the bottom of the card .
it 's just that this is n't really a public thing . ''
the only thing slightly out of order was a stack of papers on the coffee table .
the only thing we ' ve ever really butted heads on was the issue of public school .
it 's just really hard to focus on the here and now and be engaged in conversation when that 's the only thing on my mind .
for this entire month , the one thing on the forefront of my mind more than anything ( and i know this is really pathetic ) is the fact that i never did get to kiss him .
` ` there 's one more thing , '' she says .
i ' ve told you before that the only thing that matters to me with you are the forevers , and i mean that . ''
one more tiny thing could be responsible for my coming back .
and there 's the other thing ...
i do n't really want to talk about it , but the only other thing left to talk about is what just happened in my bed and i know sky more than likely needs a little more time before we bring that up .
the only thing running through my head at this point is how we need to get into the car .
the next thing you know she 'll be wanting babies with this guy .
next thing you know he 'll be running his fingers through his hair .
one thing you do n't screw up . ''
the only thing between us is the arm rest and cup holders .
` ` to be honest , my body 's only thinking about one thing right now . ''
` ` i have to be honest and say my body 's only thinking about one thing right now . ''
` ` we 're both at peace with everything that happened , except there 's one thing i probably should tell him .
lots of parents come to watch our practices because footbal is the big thing to do around here .
for me , the important thing is that i get out of class for an hour this afternoon .
` ` but there 's one thing i do n't think either of us has considered .
the only thing i never bother fixing is my tangled waist - length brown hair .
` ` it 's not really my thing either . ''
one thing 's for sure : any problem can be solved with a big slobbery dog named brandy .
i would n't be a one - night thing ? ''
` ` and you do n't think i worry about the same thing ? ''
you 're the most important thing , um ... '' he cleared his throat .
matt is the last thing i want to talk about .
` ` i think that religion is a personal thing .
over at the paddock , rory is smiling as he reaches out to take the reins and control of the horse , and the next thing i know , jack is pulling me down and wrapping me in a tight hug as more photographers take my picture .
read chapter seven and be ready for a discussion first thing . ''
the next thing i knew , the ride screeched to a stop at the unloading platform .
` ` it 's the most important thing in the world to me .
i 'd put in a full day of homework , followed by spinning , and the last thing i wanted was to stay home tonight and check off my list of weekend chores .
the most important thing was getting her to agree to come to the party with me .
i would have returned it right then , but it had been the last thing on my mind .
the only thing on my mind was crawling into bed and putting an end to this day as soon as possible .
i found it absurdly ironic that thirty seconds ago i 'd been running away from the exit ; now getting to it was the only thing on my mind .
but there was one thing i could n't wash away .
` ` the most important thing is that you 're back .
i had no idea who could have left the note , but one thing was certain .
focus on one thing at a time , i told myself .
the moment i arrived back inside jev 's memory , i felt a switch being thrown , and the next thing i knew , i was reliving the flashback through the eyes of the girl i 'd been before my memory was damaged .
one thing was certain , they had a hypnotic quality i found very distracting .
` ` the only thing on my mind was keeping him from killing you on the spot .
suddenly i wished i 'd taken marcie 's advice and dropped the whole thing .
going to the dance with me is one thing , but this is taking things too far . ''
it 's the only thing i have you beat at , and i 'll bring it up every chance i get . ''
the earsplitting music , the gyrating bodies , the inebriated smiles - not my thing .
i closed my eyes , let my mind float , saw a new dream start to take shape - and the next thing i knew , i caught a handful of clothes in the face .
` ` what to expect , how to cope , that kind of thing . ''
` ` one more thing , '' patch said .
i might be in the mood to talk tomorrow , but that 's the last thing i ' m interested in right now .
the next thing i knew , i had crawled obediently over and lay at his feet like a dog .
next thing you know , you 'll be in control . ''
we ca n't be sure what conclusions they ' ve drawn , but one thing is certain .
one more thing , blakely .
` ` when we meet him tonight , it will be the first thing i take care of . ''
it 's no big thing , '' adam said quickly .
he seemed good - natured enough about the whole thing , but he kept looking at his program , probably counting off the movements until intermission .
i think the bigger thing is people 's goodness .
dad had spent the spring reading out loud from the camp 's literature , but the only thing i 'd cared about was that i was going to camp with other classical musicians .
about her mom 's hysterics , about how she lost it in front of my relatives , who were very gracious about the whole thing .
and the next thing i know , i hear the door to her dressing room click behind me , leaving me out here on the rapids and mia back there on the shore .
` ` there 's one last thing , '' she continues , her voice hesitant .
the only thing they 're concerned about is the deal . ''
just one more thing , before we go . ''
` ` blueprints , security , that kind of thing ? ''
` ` ' one more thing ! ' ''
` ` that narrows things down , '' ash said sarcastically .
` ` just one more small thing . ''
i might ' ve felt bad for him , if the whole thing was n't so darn amusing .
` ` one more thing , if you would . ''
that was kind of a big thing not to mention .
` ` because it is a small thing , '' the oracle whispered , her sightless gaze shifting from me to ash and back again .
the last thing i wanted was for mackenzie st . james to vanish off the face of the earth because of me .
and if they could n't keep that promise , they would die , so it was a pretty serious thing .
the only thing on my mind was a promise of my own .
i figured it was actually a good thing she did n't yet know that she also had a defiant part - fey grandson who could be anywhere at the moment .
this was the whole boyfriend thing .
` ` one more thing , '' i said , thinking that i 'd probably put the news off long enough .
` ` a small thing .
one thing was certain , though : i had even more cause to find keirran and ask him what the hell was going on .
` ` however , there is another thing i wanted to discuss with you , '' he said , sounding reluctant .
` ` one more thing , '' keirran warned as puck marched up to the door .
` ` it 's not my thing .
i mean , none of it is my thing . ''
i write it off as just a fashion thing .
it implies a kind of effort , when really , it was the one thing in my life that was effortless .
` ` except for one thing , '' i say .
` ` yeah , still working on the whole joke thing . ''
at least i make sure not to tell him he looks tired even though guys , being as strange as they are , probably do n't care about that kind of thing .
it 's not a tit for tat kind of thing .
even though the lp is the last thing i want to talk about , i appreciate him asking .
holding up a picture frame , i say ` ` this is the last thing . ''
` ` it was a last - minute thing , '' i tell him , eyeing trish and erin in the seat in front of us and wondering if caleb will decide to ditch the trip at the very last second .
` ` now that that 's settled , i ' ve got one more thing .
one thing is for sure - i need to get far away .
it 's kind of a date thing .
` ` a date thing ? ''
the thing i am worried about is transportation .
then i am gone , sweeping through the air at a rate that causes the world beneath to pass in a blur so that i ca n't focus on any one thing .
in this exact moment only one thing matters .
but one thing is certain : if he is a mogadorian , they know where i am and they could take me any time they choose and hold me until they kill four through six .
one thing is immediately clear : their numbers are far from few .
good thing they are otherwise occupied .
that girl would n't tell us a thing , and , believe me , we asked many things in many different ways .
she looks over at eight and me , and the next thing i know we 're lifted off the ground and floated over to the rest of the group .
next thing i know , a tremendous boom shakes the opposite end of the arena and pieces of black rock rain down on us .
next thing i know , nine is stepping in front of the little guys and saying , ' i do n't care who promised what to who .
next thing i know the gun turret on the front hood has exploded , sending hot metal flying over my head .
for one thing , i can see that while the mogs are stupendously strong physically , they bring little if anything in the way of mental technique .
he nods and i start to get up , but there 's just one thing i need to do before it 's too late .
except one thing nags at me .
the next thing he knows , nine 's foot is connecting with his sternum , sending him flying to the ground .
it 's definitely not something i want to try explaining , so i just shrug , brushing the whole thing off .
whether or not you want to tell her about us kissing is your thing .
i mean - how much thought did the big elders put into this whole thing ?
it was one thing for the boy to wear the band for fun , as part of a game , another thing altogether to ensure that he continue to wear it .
otherwise the whole thing really is a waste . ''
but killing you , adamus sutekh - that 's going to be the first thing i take care of . ''
just another thing to worry about .
i ask jasper what he 's studying , and he tells me he 's undecided - there is n't one thing that he gravitates toward .
he asked me about school , and i told him i had no idea when it was going to start - yet another thing i had no idea about .
this is the only thing i can think about .
there was just one more thing .
next thing we know , you 'll be dating a human . ''
i had n't done a single thing for her to treat me this way .
football is n't my thing . ''
` ` anyway , i ' m ... i am sorry about the whole lunch thing . ''
` ` it 's the only thing they care about . ''
only thing i was certain come tuesday morning , i would n't act like anything was different .
and i seized the opportunity to finally have one thing to rub in his face and stepped forward .
` ` football is n't my thing . ''
things were all over the place then .
` ` we were arguing and the next thing i know - bam .
he did n't make fun of me like daemon had over the whole blog thing .
` ` just one more thing , '' he said , and his hand found mine .
` ` things are complicated between ash and me .
because somewhere over the course of a day , even though i had n't figured out things with daemon , i did realize that he was right about one thing .
` ` another thing i had n't fully worked out yet . ''
` ` there 's only one thing we have to worry about , '' blake said , as if it really was only one thing that could go wrong .
` ` this was n't a onetime thing .
` ` it 's a good thing i never accidentally blew anything up , or you might have executed me . ''
how can this be the most important thing he 's ever asked ?
that sort of thing can wait . ''
but the thing that had really stood out to him was her skin : pale , white as pearls .
you 're the only buggin ' thing on the agenda . ''
we 're gon na solve this thing , get out of here .
` ` one thing at a time , greenie .
but as he jiggled and swayed with the movements of the bus , felt teresa 's head thump against his shoulder every once in a while when they hit big bumps , heard her stir and fall back to sleep , heard the murmurs of other conversations from other gladers , his thoughts kept returning to one thing .
` ` mom , dresses really are n't my thing . ''
i can jog the whole thing by now .
` ` the only thing i ' m sure about is you .
it 's mine , but it 's just one more thing .
it was a very fine thing . ''
` ` hmmm ... '' ` ` one thing , though , that has me mystified .
it was noon , with the sun high overhead , so we had time to take care of some things before finding a place to sleep for the night .
` ` it was a close thing , higgins .
a man 's heart is a complicated thing , a little less so than a woman 's , i 'll admit , but complicated it still is .
one thing you failed to mention is that the heart of lepto lurconis is made of ice .
oh , and one more thing , '' he called after me .
` ` and i ask again , why would arkwright lie about all things except the most important thing ? ''
` ` if you are correct and the british government is involved , why would its agent reveal the one thing thould most want hidden , and hide all the rest ?
` ` there is one more thing , '' he said briskly .
` ` it 's not the sort of thing that god - fearing men like to think about . ''
the only thing he is more ravenous about than money is destroying you . ''
` ` ... just one thing .
one thing before i go . ''
one thing was sure : i had to get hunter out of my life .
it was a personal thing .
` ` just one little thing . ''
i will wear my own short but no longer stubby hair , and one more thing .
` ` fine , but one other thing . ''
one thing that has been troubling me is that all my friends , both in england and in america , will think me dead and i ca n't have that .
mr . peel , when informed of these purchases , was happy to pay , pleased that i was seemingly getting into the spirit of the thing , as it were .
one thing for sure , i will not go cheap .
things would have come to a head , so to speak , right then , but , unfortunately , his wife was with him , so i was unable to strip down and get under him right then , as i assume that even in paris there are rules about such things - madame pelletier 's theater being a public place and all . ''
` ` i have no time nor inclination for that sort of thing . ''
` ` george , it 's usually better to discuss this kind of thing with your pants on . ''
my attention has been caught by one thing .
` ` what do you do with your time - with your hands - that 's the thing i ca n't figure out . ''
` ` but you are ignoring the whole thing .
` ` there 's this one thing i was wondering about . ''
loving naomi and waiting for her to come back to me - it 's not a stalker thing , but more like a personal mission .
i wo n't lie : i ' ve definitely thought about the guy thing before .
i tried to slow things down - which is not an easy thing for me to do .
still , i can tell he 's looking for information , but i am not going into the tris thing with him .
somehow in the back of my mind was the thought that either ( 1 ) tal and i would work things out next time , and what better place to do that than away from our families and friends in a commune on the flip side of the world , or ( 2 ) we would n't work things out yet again , but i 'd be the best freakin ' worker that kibbutz had ever seen ; and as a bonus , tal would die of jealousy when i fell madly in love with some beautiful surfer boy from capetown and left tal weeding gardens while i bailed on the kibbutz to backpack across the world with my new surfer love who hopefully would have a pretty - looking name like ndgijo .
somehow in the back of my mind was the thought that either ( 1 ) tal and i would work things out next time , and what better place to do that than away from our families and friends in a commune on the flip side of the world , or ( 2 ) we would n't work things out yet again , but i 'd be the best freakin ' worker that kibbutz had ever seen ; and as a bonus , tal would die of jealousy when i fell madly in love with some beautiful surfer boy from capetown and left tal weeding gardens while i bailed on the kibbutz to backpack across the world with my new surfer love who hopefully would have a pretty - looking name like ndgijo .
worst case scenario : she 's saying , ` ` there was this one time , we were flipping through the channels , and he stopped on pocahontas , and the next thing i knew , he had a total hard - on . ''
she stands in the front like i ' m actually going to need her help with this thing .
almost fast enough to make me forget the one thing i should n't be thinking about today with the mess my head is in .
it 's one thing .
` ` look , it was never a real thing , okay ? ''
` ` i want to stay here forever , '' she said , and heather knew that the words had been the too - big thing that was choking her .
it was just one more thing that had changed while heather was n't paying attention .
but he 'd lied about one thing .
the next thing i know he 'll be talking about how he grew up poor , just like me .
the next thing i knew , he gasped and that was it .
the last thing on my mind is our chemistry project .
` ` uh , sorry about the bathroom thing .
next thing you know she 'll want to change her name to brittany . ''
but she is n't there and the next thing i know paco 's fist is in my face .
` ` right now , muneca , makin ' love to you is the only thing on my mind . ''
man , that 's the last thing a seventeen - year - old guy wants to think about .
` ` the last thing i want to do is hang around and listen to you talk about cars with people who actually care . ''
never was my thing , even though i was brought up by a bunch of smokers .
now skiing or snowboarding , that was another thing altogether .
alex has always won , but now that we 'll be playin ' in pairs i think we ' ve got a good shot at winnin ' the whole thing .
` ` marry me , kiara westford , because when i got shot the only thing i was thinkin ' about was comin ' back here and makin ' you my wife .
` ` oh , one more thing , '' alex calls out .
the next thing i know , his hand is on mine .
it was one thing to take a risk with my own ability , but to do it for him was completely different .
` ` it 's a good thing you do n't know how to leave me alone when you want to talk , because i was literally seconds away from him restoring me . ''
but there was one thing spencer had to look forward to this year : moving into the converted barn that sat at the back of her family 's property .
you know what was the number - one thing ?
she found that andrew had a blog , but after scouring the whole thing , she found nothing .
` ` one thing 's for certain ; melissa will be moving into the barn , '' her mother continued .
the summer was the last thing she wanted to talk about right now .
she could never tell her dad about tabitha , but there was one thing she could come clean about before a confessed for her .
pills were n't her thing .
` ` it 's going to be a little thing with some of our friends . ''
emily shot an uneasy glance at isaac , wondering if he should just let the dinner thing drop .
` ` the most important thing is figuring out who set that fire .
and there 's one more thing we need to take care of before i leave , '' denise added .
had ali known the night of the sleepover would be her last on earth , or had it been a spur - of - the - moment , i ca n't take it anymore thing ?
that sort of thing could be treatable , but only with a lot of care .
but you do n't really look like you care about that kind of thing , '' hanna said sweetly to colleen .
the task at hand was the only thing on her mind right now .
as for the colleen thing , it was n't like she and gayle were on the same team or anything - a just had a good idea for once .
there were so many other things emily wanted to ask about violet , but maybe it was n't her place to know .
` ` it 's probably a good thing we ca n't play for money , you know .
the next thing she knew she was leaning against a brick wall outside the bar , olaf 's beard scratching her face , his lips searching for hers .
one more thing : there 's also the issue of drugs .
the only thing hanna wanted to think about was the feel of mike 's lips on hers , the warmth of his hands , the weight of his body .
then he grabbed the stack of papers from the desk , slipped them into his portfolio , and tucked the whole thing under his arm .
a lot of things had made her think of the jenna thing in the past day , although she kept trying to shove it out of her mind .
things were going well with her new boyfriend , sean ackard , who was kind and sweet and also happened to be gorgeous .
and as for the other thing , coming out - no .
` ` first thing , '' wilden said .
` ` the other thing i want to talk about is alison herself .
or , you know , if that 's not your thing , we could ... i do n't know .
` ` scarlet a thing ? ''
it 's not really the kind of thing he likes talking about to girls . ''
it was the last thing she wanted to think about right now .
just before he went back inside , she called out , ` ` one more thing .
` ` just a work thing , '' her father murmured hurriedly .
if one of the squirrels climbs the tree , things have settled down for good , emily said to herself , playing the superstitious game she 'd relied on for years .
the only thing that mattered was that spencer had made rosewood day look foolish .
hair and makeup normally were n't aria 's thing , but not only had styling ella for her big date been fun , it had also been the most time they 'd spent together since aria moved back in .
she was probably the only girl in rosewood who could tell her parents she was going out with a boy without getting any paranoid lectures about how sex is a serious thing and should be between two people who were much older and in love .
` ` so now that we ' ve gotten the whole astrology thing out of the way , what else should i know about you ? ''
` ` the most important thing is that we 're friends again .
` ` it was n't exactly the first thing on my mind . ''
one minor thing . ''
the last thing i want is for them to get into another twelve - round fight , especially over me .
` ` is that a baseball thing ? ''
he shrugs like it 's no big thing .
he 's trying to fix one more thing .
the benbow is n't an elegant place , but i wanted us to meet there for it is not on jaimy 's turf , but rather on mine , 'cause we ' ve got to get some things worked out .
` ` that is sweet of you to say , grandfather , '' i said , leaning over to place a kiss on his cheek , ` ` although i know i have a few things to answer for . ''
we are secure , the nancy b. now a thing of the land and not of the sea .
higgins replies that he will attend to things , then leaves , and as he does , the captain rises , as do we all .
there is not much silt down below here in the keys , but there is some , and what there is obscures the thing i am studying .
but you got ta know that even if you find all the gold in the world , if'n you 're dead , it do n't mean a goddamn thing .
` ` ' no , brother fox , it 's jes ' fine ... ' cept fo ' one thing ... ' ` ` ' and what 's dat , brother rabbit ? ' ''
` ` and one other thing , '' continues tilly .
` ` then it 's a good thing i did n't end up down below . ''
` ` i do n't want this to be a secret thing , '' he said then .
i ' m not smart about this kind of thing .
since this would make tegan happy , it was a small thing .
` ` so it 's a good thing i do n't intend to listen to you . ''
the lack of windows made the place distinctive , but it also looked rather like a cage , a place where you hid things you did n't want the light to reveal .
` ` one thing i ' ve wondered ... '' ` ` what 's that ? ''
this was n't the place for such things , however , so i struggled to my feet and dusted off my knees .
` ` the last thing , '' i advised .
i 'll come as soon as i finish one last thing . ''
` ` one thing i ' ve always wondered ... why do you greet the colonel by kissing her on both cheeks ?
it was one more thing for dad to make himself miserable over .
perhaps this whole thing is the result of a squabble between rithmatists .
` ` well , for one thing , the quality of education would plummet .
` ` but ... well , there is one other thing . ''
joel , the important thing is this tragedy i ' m trying to tell you about . ''
this damn grass is wet , and you 're supposed to be taking things easy . ''
the only thing he did seem to notice from time to time was the ever - decreasing length of our school uniform skirts .
but for one thing , it 's sometimes better not to know all the answers , and for another , i really , really would like my sherbet lemons . ''
( to be honest , i still did n't entirely understand the reasons for that , but the whole thing seemed to be enormously important .
oh , dear , this whole thing was so complicated .
` ` we had better get one thing settled right away : you do n't question what the master says . ''
but now , at ten past three , i 'd have loved to call her back and go over the whole thing again .
it 's ... kind of a girl thing , you know ? ''
who wants to bother with that kind of thing ? ''
` ` i ' m not sure that you ought to meddle with that kind of thing , '' said lesley .
` ` one thing 's certain : when the blood of all the twelve is read in , it will complete a process inside the chronograph , and something will land in this compartment .
well , one thing was for sure : whatever his motives , he was n't about to have a clear conscience ever again in this life .
can you imagine a thing like that ?
how could she think of a thing like that now ?
because mr . whitman was perfectly right about one thing .
i ' m a really bad judge on that kind of thing .
i mean , javier did n't tell me not to tell him , but it did seem like a thing that he might not want jett to know .
` ` sorry about the sex thing . ''
his heat melts the icicles propping me up from the inside out and i thaw i thaw i thaw , my eyes fluttering fast until they fall closed , until silent tears are streaming down my face and i ' ve decided the only thing i want to freeze is his frame holding mine .
` ` it 's almost three , so we should get back , but there 's one more thing i want to tell you about .
v was still acting weirdly aloof about the whole thing .
` ` maybe , '' suggested nick , ` ` it 's a very personal thing .
they had a greater place in the scheme of things .
` ` one more thing , '' nick said .
you know -- that kind of thing . ''
doris knew it was the way of all things , and each falling petal was a gentle reminder that soon -- maybe tomorrow , maybe next week , maybe next year -- her time would come too .
-- yes , i am -- she told him , seizing onto the one idea that might make this whole thing work , -- and if you want things to be okay , you have to pretend like it already is okay .
` ` there 's one more thing , '' the sniffer said .
this girl was far too young and innocent to be involved in that kind of thing .
he had not yet had his true reunion with allie , and the last thing he wanted to do was to leave her before even saying hello .
he saw that world as a place so full of turning gears he had no hope of comprehending how things fit together , so why even try ?
` ` it 's a good thing we 're here , '' mary told them .
allie 's eyes were wide with understanding now ... except for one thing .
i look over and see someone standing there , the only thing visible is their torso ... and faculty i.d .
` ` there 's one more thing i need to talk to you about . ''
we had to unpack the whole thing by ourselves , you know , '' he says , obviously trying to guilt me .
i sigh as i think about the one thing that is n't on his mind .
the one incredibly huge thing that did n't work out ; us .
the next thing i know will 's on top of him , punching him . ''
` ` one more thing , though .
` ` wait , one more thing .
because you said the stars were the last thing . ''
it 's the exact thing i was hoping she would n't ask about until the drive home , at least .
i 'd hate for this to be the first thing we talk about .
the only thing that matters right now is this moment , and this moment is definitely my sweet for the day .
hearing her validate that lake 's feelings were just as intense as mine makes this whole thing even harder .
the only thing running through my head at this point is how the hell to get this a**hole off her .
my hands are shaking , my heart is about to beat out of my chest , i probably need stitches , and my career is now in jeopardy ... but the only thing i can think about is the fact that she kissed him .
` ` one thing i keep wondering about ... '' ` ` mm ? ''
but owen had argued ( quite sensibly , curse him ) that the last thing we wanted was to haul a massive tree all the way back to the lodge and try to put it up with just the two of us .
dane had been right - he sure was touchy about this sort of thing .
` ` this is the only thing that matters , '' grace gasped out .
everything just felt right , as if things were finally clicking into place , and there was nothing he wanted more than to have many more such mornings in the future .
maria bit her lip , needing to know about one last , vital thing , but terrified to hear the answer .
the lunchroom monitors show up , get between us , and the next thing i know i ' m in prince tony 's office , waiting for him to finish some stupid phone conversation .
` ` one thing at a time , fc . ''
the last thing i wanted to do was fight talbott ... . no , sorry , the last thing i wanted to do was apologize to kiran ; maybe it would come to fighting after all , although i thought it was very strange that kiran 's friend would be so defensive over such a small thing .
` ` oh , eden , one more thing , please do n't hesitate to speak with me if something is on your mind . ''
` ` it 's not really my thing anyways . ''
` ` lilly is going to be fine ; this whole thing is a process .
the only thing that mattered to me now was that whatever happened to that horrible man would no longer be my decision .
that way i would n't be so overwhelmed by everyone at the farm , and things would still get done without my stubborn refusal to participate .
roxie 's absence was fine with me ; it was one less thing to have to explain to kiran and talbott .
but one thing was clear , my magic was necessary to control the wind , it belonged to me and not avalon .
and is n't that the most important thing ? ''
` ` no , it is not the most important thing ! ''
but before i could continue on the epic journey ahead of me , there was one last thing i needed to do .
chapter fourteen ` ` the first thing you need to understand is that avalon is barely alive , '' sebastian declared coolly from the corner chair .
the world stopped spinning in that brief moment ; the only thing existing in all of the universe was our kiss .
my heart felt lighter in this room , relieved that even though i was fighting pure evil , there was an educated sophistication about the whole thing , a real history that belonged to the people as well as the illusive freedom i was determined to give them .
` ` may i remind you that my room at the citadel has one very important thing that this room does n't ? ''
` ` there is another thing .
` ` there is one final thing , '' gabriel announced and looked to silas .
i did n't know if it was the growing exasperation with the people in this castle , who could n't seem to remember that we were fighting a war and there were more important things than romance ; or if it was because i felt like kiran was gloating next to me , as though he had orchestrated the whole thing himself .
he 's still too dedicated to the cause to let a little thing like love get in the way . ''
things really are falling into place for you , '' she kept hold of my hands and i tried my best to squash the urge to retract them .
` ` it means that we have more important things to discuss , and you better use your time wisely , or i will take up most of it , '' she answered cryptically and then led the way to a couple of beat up plastic lawn chairs that denoted her place of honor in the small community .
actually , it 's probably a good thing that you kissed her . ''
and the last thing i was willing to let haunt my thoughts was dozens of ghostly , death - filled faces and the unnatural concave chests of these victims .
she was probably hoping i would let the whole thing drop , but i could n't .
` ` i 'll meet you there after you wrap this thing up , '' kiran offered .
i stayed diplomatic about the whole thing .
but next thing i see is the metal grating across the roof of the deck .
maybe it was the only way they knew to start a conversation , to pick up on the thing that was playing so much on my mind .
i know there 's this other thing i should be thinking about , this other thing i know , but every time i try to approach it my mind reels away , shuddering .
discussing the circuitry and power sources was the right move - like my lilac , these things interest her .
already things are clearly strained between you ; we just do n't want to see you lose sight of every other important thing . ''
and that was the most important thing .
i glanced over my shoulder to make sure the door was closed , but had to assume my dad could hear this entire thing .
he was the only thing i grew up knowing i wanted- more than the protectorship that i was born to inherit , more than the safety of this planet that i was always afraid i would n't be able to maintain , and more than the obscure future with a warrior i had n't met until recently .
` ` the only thing i ' m fascinated by is her interaction with my pack .
the water was her fault again , but with the change coming fast that was the last thing on her mind .
he was surprisingly chipper about the whole thing and caia suspected it had more to do with it meaning she would n't be with lucien than anything else .
` ` one more thing before you retire for the evening , caia . ''
she pierced him with her clear - eyed blue gaze , and it got him thinking about the other thing he wanted to discuss before this night was through .
the next thing he knew his female was in the arms of some tall , built , dark haired vampyre .
thankfully , like a prayer being answered , her mind began to darken , and the last thing she saw was the ground rushing towards her .
she felt the world spin a little , and the next thing she knew she no longer felt the press of the cold , hard floor but was sitting on an armchair that matched reuben 's .
` ` it 's a good thing you called me out of there when you did , '' vanne stated in a deeply chilling tone , his powerful energy crackling , sparking in the air around the house .
one thing was certain : he would never have her .
there was nothing anyone could tell her that could change the love she had for her mother , and that was the most important thing .
one thing was certain : trust was mutual , and that was the problem with her and ander .
he might drown if he stayed out here , but seeking shelter from the storm was the last thing on his mind .
i have more important things to worry about than jenna and daisy .
but suddenly the gentleness turns desperate and the next thing i know we 're falling backward .
instead , she moves toward me and the next thing i know , she climbs onto me , hitching her legs around my waist and fastening herself to me .
` ` part of it 's that i ' m not ready to and part of it 's because it 's not my thing to tell - it 's kayden 's . ''
we knocked some knives onto the floor and the next thing i knew he 'd stabbed one into me .
one thing did stand out to me : the word the philosophers used to describe people born without grisha gifts , otkazat'sya , ` ` the abandoned . ''
in the creaking silence of the cell , mal kissed the scar on my palm , the wound made so long ago by the edge of that broken cup , a fragile thing i 'd thought beyond repair .
` ` you are right about one thing , summoner .
` ` and one more thing , '' i said .
the first thing ?
strength from within me had just exploded into that cave and the next thing i knew , hasani was opening his eyes .
` ` and there is just one more thing . ''
` ` there is one small thing though .
one little thing .
but one thing i have noticed is that he works a lot , much more than humans normally do .
last thing i remember , i was driving through surrey heading home from joe 's wedding and my sat nav was playing up , f**king thing . ''
and then the next thing i know she was just on me , trying to bloody kiss me - '' ` ` it looked like she succeeded to me . ''
no one could seem to place my accent , but concluded that if anything i sound english which , if i ' m from england , makes things even more confusing as to why i ended up on a beach here in australia .
` ` the important thing is that i find him which i ca n't do . ''
then i 'd remember the sensation of touching the medallion - the roaring sound , the scent of the field , and the warmth of his skin beneath my hand - and i would know beyond all doubt that my grandmother was telling the truth , which led to the question of how on earth she expected me to fix things .
` ` the important thing is that i do think you believe what you ' ve told me .
there was one thing i really wanted to know more about - and one person i felt i needed to see - before making the trip to chicago .
one less thing to be taken care of when your father arrives .
` ` and now , the other thing . ''
` ` then maybe it 's a good thing we have to make it an early night . ''
` ` i ' m not trying to make things harder on you , kate , it 's just- '' he broke off and looked down at the table , his thumbnail tracing a groove in the wood along the edge .
` ` just one more little thing , '' she said , narrowing her eyes .
another thing to puzzle out after we ' ve both gotten some rest . ''
` ` just one more thing to think about when connor and i go on our little vacation , i guess .
he gave katherine one long glance before he said , ` ` i guess it 's the hockey thing . ''
` ` maybe he should be dating a girl who can handle that sort of thing , '' kylie arched her brows .
she never understood how he could be so calm about the whole thing .
one more thing ... '' ` ` anything . ''
` ` i ' m not going to be one of those paranoid people who run to the hospital for every little thing .
` ` i guess it 's a good thing you have nuthin ' on me yet . ''
she sets the glass back down on the table and adds , with narrowed eyes , ` ` the song choice , not the country bumpkin thing . ''
she props her left arm across the top of the open window and next thing i know she 's driving slowly past me .
she hoped that he would deny that he had been contemplating such a thing .
not even a buttoned up shirt with a tie could cover the thing it was so graphic and it practically reached his chin but i ' m betting that jesse was n't on the fast track to becoming a cpa so it did n't bother me if it did n't bother him , to each their own .
so , naturally i may be a little self - conscious about this whole thing .
it 's not just a girl thing , '' i said , looking for advice , even from my ' clueless about women uncle danny .
i tried to make it sound like it was not a big thing .
anyone who would go so far as to break into another 's home is seriously deranged and i do n't think a little thing like a pep talk from the principal or the local sheriff is going to derail them . ''
now , if i get into a car accident and need to go to the hospital i wo n't be embarrassed as mom always says because as we all know the last thing a paramedic needs to be worrying about is my old underwear .
i ' m not saying he was n't concerned about thayer drowning in the bathtub , of course , but i wonder if some of his anger was because the whole thing was an added complication , an annoyance , an oddity , for him .
the only thing clarice ever wanted to talk about was how she 'd had a long conversation with the latest winner of american idol the night before , or how a certain action film starlet 's boobs were definitely fake , or how the host of a dating reality show was kind of a bitch .
but homecoming was the last thing that mattered to her right now .
i ' ve seen gabby popping pil s before , but i always thought it was a party thing .
` ` that seems to be a mom thing , '' emma said , thinking of grandma mercer and her son .
` ` yeah , my parents were never really into that sort of thing . ''
` ` do n't make a huge thing about it . ''
` ` there 's one more thing , '' he said .
a quick dna test will resolve the whole thing . ''
ethan had been honest with her about the whole thing .
` ` then it 's a good thing thayer and i were there , since you were taking your sweet time . ''
` ` i ' m not ready to talk about the whole thing yet .
we are in survival mode , and the only thing that matters is maximizing the number of lives saved in the long run .
` ` one more thing , '' i said through the awe .
the last thing on my mind was what she would think , or what her brothers would if they saw , or if it was appropriate , or any of the hundred other things i could have been worrying about .
there were about a million and a half things i wanted to say , and twice that many things i needed to get off my chest , but emma was hell bent on getting coconut cream pie , and i knew better than to get in the way of a woman seeking sugar .
the next thing i heard was a shout , followed by the shuffling of chairs and feet .
` ` the last thing i want you to do is treat me like i ' m this fragile thing you need to tip - toe around , okay ?
i lay beneath that vast night sky believing emma might be doing the same thing , and this small thing was perhaps the only right i had to claim of a girl that was n't mine .
one thing on my mind .
a rapping came at the door as i was preparing to twist it open with only one thing on my mind .
i just ca n't handle more than one thing at a time right now .
` ` it 's a middle child thing , '' i said , hopping to a stand .
` ` there 's one more thing i ' m asking , asking , you to do , '' i said , rolling onto my side next to her .
she said it quietly , like she was n't quite certain about the whole thing .
but it was also the first thing i had to have on my mind when we were together like this .
` ` no promises , '' i replied , wondering where this whole thing had derailed .
he could be epically pissed or totally copacetic with the whole thing .
he controlled everything about me ... . every little thing past , present and future .
you are being so dramatic about the whole thing ! ''
` ` i get that this is your thing .
` ` it 's a good thing you do n't like me more than a friend , '' i breathed out on a whispy breath .
` ` you can get into some deep dookie for that kind of thing .
i get in and start the car , but i ca n't drive off without rolling down the window and saying one last thing : ` ` hey , i 'd watch walter around the tree in your backyard if i was you . ''
next thing i know i ' m sliding down the roof face - first , trying to grab on to something , but there 's nothing to grab on to .
she has this high - pitched , twangy voice , like an out - of - tune banjo , and you ca n't go over to their house without having to listen to her lay into poor little carl over some nitpicky thing like leaving the water running while he 's brushing his teeth .
for one thing , he 's one of the funniest dudes you 'd ever want to be around .
for one thing , he 's a big slob , only shaves about twice a week , sits around watching the food network in his underwear , peels off his socks and tosses them in the general direction of the bedroom , and farts when her friends walk through the room .
` ` sure , i explained the whole thing .
who knows how long i ' ve been cruising around , but the next thing i know i ' m in the middle of some neighborhood i do n't recognize , side windows down , the cool wind flapping in my clothes .
` ` now , '' i say , ` ` let me stipulate one thing right here .
why does everyone have to automatically assume it 's a sex thing ?
her chest of drawers is similarly cheap and neat , but the thing that really strikes me is her books .
so the next thing i know my mouth 's open and these words are spilling out : ` ` you know what ?
plus , there 's a curfew for teenagers , if you 're the type that pays attention to that kind of thing .
all i have to do is let things fall into place . ''
then , the next thing i know , she hauls off and slaps cassidy right across the cheek .
we switch partners for the second song , and the next thing i know , dad has aimee twirling like she just graduated from the grand ole opry or something .
next thing i know , a slow song is playing and mrs . gates squeezes me to her substantial bosom and plants her hands in my back pockets .
for a second the lights blind me , then there 's an awful thump , and the next thing i know she 's rolling across the shoulder into the high grass .
enough had happened today to change her life , and she was in no particular mood to alter yet another major thing .
no - the king would n't bother to care about that kind of thing , especially if celaena might soon be his champion .
and in that moment , somehow his face was the only thing that mattered .
the king kept things from him ; there were so many secrets , and perhaps he was little more than a puppet , part of the illusion that he was starting to see through ... ` ` you love your country , '' she said .
it would be one thing if peter 's game involved massive amounts of battle and swordfightery .
he 's talking about hormones and the surgeries that have happened and the surgeries that are going to happen , and all along pretty much the only thing that 's filling his head is the question of whether ryan is seeing him as a girl or a boy .
they care about things like the weather and what you 're shopping for , and you do n't care about a single thing .
` ` it 's just the way i work - i 'll spend an hour on one thing , then switch to something else , then switch again .
( yes , there are some guys who look perfectly happy and have a sense of humor about the whole thing , but cooper ignores them . )
but what he looks like is the farthest thing from his mind .
the important thing is that we 're okay .
but he 's also remembering what harry said to him when they were breaking up , how they would still be important to each other , and that was the important thing .
when i came home from the library , i forgot all those things and treated the apartment door like it was the entrance of a flophouse , throwing the heavy wood structure open with a bang , not caring that the newly plastered walls might be dented by the antiqued brass doorknob .
his friend - zoning you after years of correspondence is a thing of the past ? ''
noah contemplated that it was almost a sexual thing for the guy .
there 's one more thing to take care of before i meet perry and liv .
sweat trickles down my back as i think of the thousands of times we ' ve competed against each other in this thing or that - in everything .
he knew one thing for certain : she 'd need shoes .
and there 's not a thing i ' m worrying about .
closer , until her face was the only thing perry saw .
suffered a few bruises along the way , but the important thing is that we made it .
this time would be very different - it was the only thing he was sure about .
any small thing that reminded her of perry brought the urge .
harwich is an excellent port in which to do our business - except for one thing .
` ` but , wait ... there is one more thing ... '' his eyelids droop and he looks warily at me , waiting for the ax to drop .
personally i think she 's taking this old west thing a bit too far .
i look toward the ski hill , the same direction tucker went , rethinking the whole skiing thing entirely .
one thing is clear right away : angela knows tons about the angels , so much of the history , the powers they 're rumored to have , the names and ranks of different angels who appear in literature and religious texts .
i wonder if he likes that kind of thing .
okay , so there 's the hair thing .
what if the whole thing depends on my ability to fly ?
still , i decide i need to take the whole purpose thing more seriously .
he seems himself all of a sudden , the thing about kay forgotten for the moment .
from now on , this christian thing is strictly business .
i have n't really thought the whole thing through , i realize a tad too late .
the last thing i want is for tucker avery to think i ' m a baby .
i ' m so light the tips of my toes are the only thing on the ground .
i ca n't tell if he 's mad about the christian aspect of the whole thing or relieved that my obsession with christian prescott was for a good reason .
she 's determined to be mysterious about the whole thing , but i 'll take what i can get .
embrace the tourist thing , like you said . ''
` ` we have n't talked about that kind of thing much this time . ''
maybe i ' ve been overly judgmental about this whole thing , i think .
` ` business is walter 's thing .
maybe i would have blown him off and kept on obsessing about my own thing .
` ` for one thing , ange , you ca n't really get away with lying to me .
but the way i see it , there 's one big thing getting in the way of us doing that . ''
` ` penamue would like to see the wee thing , as would i. i ' m the grandfather , after all . ''
we can take this whole thing really slow .
the one thing i did figure out was i owed someone an apology and right now i had a feeling that apology needed to be given to sam .
i do n't think i ' ve ironed one thing in my life . ''
it was n't one thing that drove me off campus , but a hundred wounds both large and small .
` ` it 's a good thing i turned him down , then , or i 'd be after you hard . ''
` ` i did n't know you were into this sort of thing , '' he murmured .
` ` i do n't know if i am into this sort of thing , '' i said hoarsely , looking at my hand as it followed the rise and fall of his chest .
grove academy was really strict about that sort of thing now .
certainly not from that lame self - defense class , where the only thing i 'd learned was how to knee a guy in the groin , and trust me , teenage girls already know how to do that .
i was also more than a little worried about explaining this whole thing .
it was one thing to see the after - effects of stuff disappearing .
until i had a better idea of who was after david and why , the best thing i could do was keep things as normal as possible .
fixing a gate or a broken section of tile in a bathroom is one thing .
my choice of headgear is not the important thing .
it 's , like , your thing .
` ` like , we 're not supposed to use them or- '' ` ` the original magic that created paladins did n't take things like guns , or grenades , or - or rocket launchers into account .
` ` we 're maybe not as hostile as we used to be , and he 's finally backed off on the paper thing , but that 's it as far as we go . ''
i mean , for one thing , it would take some of the paladin pressure off of you .
the whole vision thing ... '' the grin faded .
and though it is all beginning to come together , his whole life beginning to slide into place , one thing still plagues him .
` ` do n't you worry about a thing , '' he tells the boy .
` ` one thing , though , '' lev says .
one thing is certain : jesus lavega is not going to be unwound .
risa sits on a plush lawn chair in the backyard of the cliffside estate , looking out at the tropical sunset , pondering these things and trying to infuse perspective and peace back into her mind .
no matter how powerful proactive citizenry is , though , one thing is certain : they 're afraid of janson rheinschild .
one thing 's for sure - whoever belongs to this car is either very sick , a hypochondriac , or just a druggie .
it 's not gon na change a thing . ''
she offered no ` ` your welcome , '' to connor 's ` ` thank you , '' and he could n't tell whether it was a cultural thing , or if her silence was deliberate .
ca n't do a thing with your hair ?
` ` he needs me , because you ca n't win a thing like this without the brains .
so i am definitely an expert in that sort of thing .
when i am done with him , i slide the whole thing up on a shelf where no one will find it until it is time for me to bring it out .
one thing has been a bit worrying in that regard , however .
i listen to their plots and plans , but one thing i know - i will not be taken to lisbon until this job is done .
i find i do not have to worry about any untoward advances from any of the men here , for the young females , of which i am one , are very closely watched , and it 's kind of pleasant not to have to worry about that sort of thing for a change .
very much of a spiritual thing . ''
` ` law is not my thing .
` ` soccer is my thing .
they just started pestering me about you and the next thing i know- '' ` ` it 's okay . ''
` ` the last thing i 'd want is for you to be distracted on this date . ''
god , that was the last thing .
did n't take a rocket scientist to figure out those three things were connected .
i want you against the wall , on the couch , in your bed , in my bed , and every f**king place i can possibly think of , and trust me , i have a vast imagination when it comes to these kinds of things .
the last thing i wanted to do was rush her , but right now ... avery wetted her lower lip as i pulled my sweater off , draping it along the back of her couch .
` ` one thing is for sure , sister , '' i had said to my friend amy trevelyne when she had come onboard several days ago to view our progress in outfitting the lorelei .
if pressed on expressing her feelings for him , she will invariably say , ` ` i am not ready for that sort of thing as yet . ''
` ` well , for one thing , he has directed that i set up a table for him and his officers for the viewing of the holiday - routine festivities on saturday afternoon , and that the table is to be laden with the best of our wine stores and other viands ... '' grrrrr ... ` ` let it go , miss .
but i promise to try to spice things up a bit in the coming days .
best leave that sort of thing to barnsley and her girls .
` ` i , myself , have never been interested in that sort of thing , so 's i would n't know .
now comes the hard part ... '' off in pursuit of you , i remain , yrs , jaimy chapter 52 thing have gotten worse .
i put my palms to either side of his face and look into his eyes and say with all sincerity , ` ` believe me , jaimy , chinese women are very reserved and very ... shy about some things . ''
i have to chuckle at that , and josephine notices and looks at me curiously - very perceptive monkey that she is - and then i have to laugh again over one thing that was especially amusing on that otherwise very tense day back there at the penal colony .
jeff and i were planning on going out to my grandfather 's ranch in mason in a few weeks to catch up with the old man and help out with some things he needed done around the place .
next thing i knew she started to cry and sat up and threw herself into my arms .
next thing i knew i heard a loud thump on the floor .
i mean i was talking and then next thing i know i hear a loud noise . ''
next thing i knew she had taken over packing up ellie 's clothes and whatever little possessions she thought ellie would want to take .
god it was contagious because next thing i knew i was smiling back at him .
next thing i knew she was flying down the hall to jefferson 's bathroom .
next thing i knew ellie 's smiled turned to a very sexy grin .
` ` well it 's a damn good thing this ass does not belong to you now is n't it .
next thing i knew gramps was looking straight at me .
he started to walk while he held onto me and next thing i knew he had me pressed up against the jeep , he adjusted me to where i could feel his erection .
the next thing i knew he put his head down in my lap and just ... .. cried .
i pressed in harder against him and the next thing i knew gunner had my shirt over and off of my head and was making quick time at taking my bra off .
next thing i knew he was breathing even faster .
next thing i know stepped in front of her and got down on one knee .
once he got in his room and shut the door with his foot , the next thing i knew he slammed me up against the wall and started to kiss me .
next thing i knew she was moving closer to me and started to walk with her legs straddling mine .
next thing i knew she was jumping into jeff 's arms and wrapping her legs around his waist .
jenny does not have to worry about a thing ! ''
i watched as her hands moved to her bra , and the next thing i knew , it was gone .
next thing i knew , i felt his breath ... down there .
this was another thing that we had n't talked about .
i need to think about a few things and get my head wrapped around this whole thing .
the next thing i knew , he was sliding his hand behind my neck as he brought my lips to his .
the next thing i knew , she was reaching up to my face down to hers .
the next thing i knew , daddy was holding my hand , leading me somewhere .
the next thing i knew , i was capturing her screams in my mouth .
i leaned over , and the next thing i knew , i felt jerry 's hands on my back .
ari smiled at me , and the next thing i knew , she took us both to heaven and back .
i ' m going to get married in three months , and i have n't started to plan a damn thing .
one thing though , can i ask heather if she 'd like to come ?
i continued looking around the room , and the next thing i saw was the large curved sofa and the lcd tv .
he whispered something in to her ear , and the next thing i knew heather flew into his arms .
her main thing is that none of the kids are going to be allowed to just rip into gifts .
he gently set me down , and the next thing i knew we were both taking our clothes off faster than ever .
the next thing i knew he was biting down on my shoulder as he fell apart .
he could only deal with one thing at a time .
she hated him for that , because not too long ago he had been the one thing in her life she was utterly sure about .
but worrying about trusting noah was the last thing she had time to think about .
` ` it 's a good thing your eyes have changed colour , '' mcleish suddenly said , and she found herself abruptly caught in his burning gaze .
and the whole ankh thing is about to become a non - issue . ''
the important thing , paradise , it means i get you back . ''
it was one less thing for the circle to worry about and it was also a gesture of respect towards mcleish .
this whole making her jealous thing , breaking up with her before things go too far .
crystal had actually been pretty understanding of the whole thing .
` ` aww , the next thing we know they 'll be going to the bathroom together , too ! ''
the most important thing to me and i managed to hurt her again .
` ` one more thing , '' he says .
everything i set up is in place , except for one thing .
' you 're supposed to be an expert at that sort of thing . '
i have n't eaten a thing since yesterday ! '
the breakfast things had all been tidied up and put away , and my red pyjamas and my dressing gown , neatly folded , were waiting for me on the table , in a large brown paper bag , along with my green toothbrush .
who would know about this sort of thing ?
it 's perfectly flat , for one thing . ''
` ` oh , but one more thing .
but you would n't notice a thing like that .
one thing was certain : he was going to be good from now on .
` ` one thing , dear .
just a little thing .
it was captain compson , however , who pointed out the one thing that no one else had noticed .
` ` if you want to stay , '' said her other father , ` ` there 's only one little thing we 'll have to do , so you can stay here for ever and always . ''
he loves us , and our safety is the most important thing to him .
in fact , she was forking the noodles one at a time , testing their flexibility as if the chore was the most important thing ever .
at my old school , jocks had ruled , their word law , and the only thing they 'd worried about was the next game .
he continued , ` ` going back to the timing thing .
i wanted to stay in this vast realm of nothingness , where troubles were a thing of the past and nothing could hurt me .
` ` that 's what every girl wants to hear first thing in the morning . ''
cole : i think it 's stupid , and that 's one thing you 'll never have to worry about with me and ali .
yeah , and mine would be the only permanent thing in my life .
i did n't know , but one thing was certain .
he fisted the hem of my mine , and the next thing i knew , the entire thing was being tossed over his shoulder .
that 's the only thing that has n't changed , and i ' m not going to risk- '' ` ` so you 're not ready .
the last thing i wanted was to connect with him over that particular shared memory .
he was pushing the ass**le thing a little too far today .
and to flynn that was the most important thing .
i saw it go off and the next thing i knew flames and smoke were everywhere .
` ` the first thing i ' m concerned with is scar 's safety , john , '' rob said , his voice low enough that it made me look to him .
the one thing i know is sneaking - and knives , i reckon - and that night i focused on all i ' m good for .
i wanted to say something , but i did n't know how to yap with john about this sort of thing .
i did n't mind it much - it seemed the one thing that were still simple , that if i went slow and steady i 'd still get what i were after .
` ` the only thing you need to consider is what you 're willing to do to marry your dear hero .
` ` the archery is the only thing that matters . ''
i pushed gisbourne 's coin into his hand , and his lips pressed my cold cheek , setting the whole thing to flames .
` ` it wo n't change a damn thing , '' i spat , waving him off .
and jake knew one thing for certain .
one thing was obvious : connie was nuts for this house .
he was talking about one thing , but his index finger was moving up and down my arm .
but she could have been a designer , easily , if the art thing had n't worked out .
just like the tattoo , her wrists became another thing that we never talked about .
she asked me first thing .
as : designing clothes is n't my thing anymore .
next thing i know , the two of them were building a fake gossip website .
to tell you the truth , i was feeling ambivalent about the whole thing .
interesting thing about that shot , which was the one we ended up using for catch , are that lincoln 's eyes are hidden by sunglasses , and addison 's eyes by the way she 's turned .
erikson mcavena : thing was , addison did n't like a circus unless she was the ringmaster .
whoa , how had i not seen that , first thing ?
` ` it 's a major thing to forget . ''
in fact , i 'd call it pretty regressive - as dr . p would say - to have blocked the whole thing out . ''
and it was a private thing . ''
which was not a good thing to dwell on .
because to stay planted , to take root , to thrive and bloom in the world , things need to matter , do n't they ?
it 's not the kind of thing that can be pretended away .
but that 's just another thing that she and he are n't discussing tonight .
you never really talked about the long - distance thing . ''
` ` one more thing , nate , '' jonas said .
one thing is for sure - this is n't a game .
for one thing , he could start working more closely with mr . stott and the battiatos again .
whatever else i think about mr . white , one thing seems certain to me - he 's not the kind of guy you double - cross . ''
she had been right about one thing .
` ` one more thing , '' mrs . white said .
the next thing he knew , mr . stott was gently shaking his shoulder .
the shapers there spice things up with showmanship .
` ` is that little thing your best argument ? ''
` ` you 're right about one thing , '' cole said , anger smoldering inside .
even so , as you have begun to discover , it is one thing for the heat to comprehend your intent and another for it to obey . ''
she did n't give a damn what rowan made of the whole thing .
` ` then there 's one more thing before you go . ''
` ` that 's not really my thing . ''
` ` one last thing , i ' m worried about the repayment plan ... it 's just vague enough to make me nervous .
the revenge thing seemed almost petty in comparison to the deep water i was wading elsewhere .
he grinned at me , thanking me with his eyes for not making a thing about the fact that he wore his heart close to the skin .
obviously i had miscalculated , so i raced back to lit class , where things had calmed down a little , but no learning took place that morning .
the most important thing is that they ca n't hurt or control you anymore . ''
it 's not that far of a fall , but if i land on the fence things could go badly , like one of the pieces of wood could get lodged in my body or i could land the wrong way and hit my neck or head on it .
school was always sort of my thing and maybe it 's because it was my escape from whatever home i was living in .
things have crossed that line between violet and i , especially after last night .
` ` wait , violet , one more thing , '' he calls and i pause , but do n't turn around .
` ` it 's a complicated thing , '' he says and then sighs heavily .
no , no , seven , because now there came a series of quicksilver bursts , like the twinkle of fireworks : a brick patio , white roses climbing a trellis , the lazy drone of bees , and then there was her mother , her mother , her own beautiful mother , standing next to her dad and her dad was saying , i guess we thought you being seven was old enough for you to know how to take care of your things .
that night , after grilled steaks and baked potatoes , tom asked , ` ` what do you know about hunting , setting traps , that kind of thing ? ''
things might have been different if they 'd stayed in one place , had a cozy cabin or tent , set up deadfalls , and , oh yes , had bait .
you can try telling yourself that it was a reflex , that he would ' ve done it for anyone , that he did n't have a choice , but remember one thing : in the end , dear , he chose you over his friend .
it started going crazy , and next thing i know , brett starts in blasting away .
things might get easier once we can plant again , but until then we 're as dependent as everyone else on what we can scavenge . ''
back when the only thing she 'd had to worry about was , oh , imminent death , she 'd visited a few hospices for people her age and thought that waiting around to die with strangers was even nuttier than waiting around to die at aunt hannah 's .
he might lose that leg , but one thing at a time .
and there was one more thing , one last detail that made these kids so very different .
if you just took off , without thinking of all the consequences , sorting the whole thing through , that would be your heart talking . ''
just this one last thing .
maybe even a wet bar and jacuzzi , which would n't work , but it was the principle of the thing .
the idea of it actually becoming its own thing brought the gooseflesh to her arms , and she felt a shiver work its way up her spine .
there was , however , one thing she did have to know .
the important thing was that acne was with wolf now .
the one thing she 'd never considered was that despite their transformation , some changed - or maybe only the very few like wolf - might truly understand what it was they 'd lost .
which did n't mean a thing .
so there 's one thing you need to get clear in your head .
i think it 's a cumulative exposure and distance thing , like , you know , wi - fi . ''
` ` look , i ca n't tell you how finn 's doing it , but he ca n't be slinging real complicated stuff around , or if he is , only a couple chuckies get the whole thing .
that would certainly solve the whole gun thing .
in her terror , it was the one thing she 'd actually thought about .
everything came together , all the pieces : the early warning ; why the children were gone ; that fleeting scent at the village hall and on this decoy bomb she had n't dwelled on , something so minute , barely there at all - and she 'd had to hold her grief at bay because there were so many more important things to worry about , like keeping the monster in check and her head from being blown off .
mom said he was ruined and tossed the monster - doll into the discards bucket , but lizzie felt guilty because the whole thing really was her fault .
the thing was a little better now , but that was n't saying much , all things considered .
` ` it 's not a girlie thing .
` ` let 's just focus on one thing at a time , okay ?
the last thing she wanted was to deal with some little kid 's meltdown , and if eric and the others were in trouble ... find my story ?
she might be writing her life , yet one thing was now dead certain : if jasper was a creation , he was n't hers .
the important thing was she had n't known one single solitary thing about the murders .
` ` i know this is n't your thing . ''
definitely not my thing .
` ` one more thing , '' bob said , holding up a finger .
i know it 's the last thing you want to think about , but someday you 're going to want it .
i realized sometime that year that i liked her , but i was still so consumed with the awfulness of the previous twelve months - my dad dying , shit with my mom , trip and me hanging out less and less - that doing something about it was the last thing on my mind .
but i was thinking of moose 's lighter and the thing that stayed seared in my mind .
and how the whole thing was wrapped up in his death for me now .
one thing was certain : ryan was right , it was n't smart to snoop around at the wakes .
even things that should n't have changed had - my walk to school , my friendship with tasha , the places i liked to go .
i crept to the window , straining my eyes to see his nightstand where a photo caught my eye , the only personal thing i 'd seen so far .
it was one thing to study mourners at ludwig and wilton and try to figure out how things might be different for them , but doing that with the family of someone i saw the mark on and decided to let die ?
the important thing is that you ' ve got this ability for a reason .
we talked about more normal things over the lasagna and salad calliope served .
instead , i asked the other thing that had been weighing on me , ` ` how did you find me , zander ? ''
i focused on the only thing that mattered .
one thing i was hoping to leave behind .
i asked about her work , one thing she seemed excited about , though it was hard to imagine why .
kept the whole thing to himself for a while .
you know , zen , karma , the whole thing .
` ` maybe it 's a case - by - case thing ? ''
in all the time i 'd known her , there was n't another thing i could remember her lying about .
` ` and one last thing , '' he said .
they do n't enjoy hearing the truth about that sort of thing .
no , it was not the bar thing .
what was the point of anything if i could n't even work out this one thing .
my hard - won hermitage - begun by me , secured by jeremy - was no small thing .
it was about the music , sure - that was always the most important thing - but it was about the game , too .
none of it was life changing ; we did n't talk about a single important thing .
but my recovery was such a fragile thing .
the one thing i could n't bring myself to put away was the sadness of missing grace .
he said it like it were a very serious thing , and for a moment , i thought he meant it as ` ` i like grace '' which i could n't even properly comprehend .
` ` or is it a group thing ? ''
` ` oh , it 's a group thing , '' jeremy said , in his slow , easy way .
sam described everything that had happened , making a little sweeping motion with his fingers across the floor with each one , as if unconsciously moving the last thing out of the way before he told me the next .
and i actually thought it might keep the cops from looking so hard for her if they thought it was an annoying almost - legal runaway instead of a possible homicide - kidnapping thing .
but that was just one more thing out of my control .
i mean , since the tub is such a minor thing ? ''
it was the smallest thing in the world , blood on the ends of her hair .
if that moment had been a real thing , it would ' ve been a butterfly , flapping and fluttering toward the sun .
the morning after sam and i - spent the night together , it seemed like the biggest thing on my mind was that my parents had no idea .
` ` only thing i wonder , is ... did you have s - make love - to me to get back at your parents ? ''
` ` the only thing i could n't work out was how to get him here .
mostly i ca n't think about any one thing for too long .
talk of axing someone 's job is not a thing to toss around lightly .
that the next thing daly saw was fundamental going under and you diving after him . ''
i can only remember clearly my desire to hit him in the eye , and then all of a sudden , the most important thing comes back to me .
the fact of corr 's loyalty is a bigger thing than the ownership of him .
group projects , in general , were not her thing .
as she leaned against the wall outside the guidance counselor 's office , she wondered when she would start to think of school as an important thing again .
it was actually not a difficult thing at all to see that one had sired the other .
it ate my deer thing . ''
does that sound like a real thing ?
he wondered if maura sargent 's thing was environmental issues .
the first thing that occurred to him was his teal polo shirt - it would have to be removed .
the next thing that occurred to him was his chinos - could they be removed in the presence of all these females ?
is your thing done with ? ''
i ' m going to go work on my thing .
he was such a small thing , just a whorl in the fingerprint of a massive being - i did n't agree to give my thoughts away .
but it was one thing to know this solution .
the whole thing was all very public .
that was the only thing that was important .
` ` that 's another thing i was n't quite truthful about , '' maura said .
this was the important thing .
it had always been the most important thing .
the taste of nectar , the feel of wasp stings the fond attention that makes me note the shape of your hands and other things that do not matter .
i was standing on top of my gorgeous hill in the middle of the gorgeous day and everything was super - saturated with fall colors and my pipes sounded great and the air felt perfect on my skin and i could n't focus on a single thing .
next thing i knew , the student behind me was stumbling under the weight of it .
we 'd start with coffee and then take things from there .
` ` you 're forgetting one important thing , toby .
this is n't a little thing , it 's big .
i could leave without the ring if i wanted - but leaving was the last thing on my mind .
i wished hailey were sitting closer to me , but i assumed it was a hierarchy thing .
` ` then it 's a good thing you admitted to wanting me too . ''
the only thing on my mind when i left was seeing allie . ''
` ` i trust you , so i 'll stop the lecture , but one thing . ''
that is the important thing .
it 's sort of my thing . ''
i just wanted to keep this one thing to myself while it was in such a new stage .
yes , i knew that we had important things to be doing , but to me , this was the most important thing of all in this moment .
the next thing i knew , we were standing in the flowering courtyard of zeus ' palace .
` ` the important thing is that we 're leaving here .
` ` it 's always ' one thing ' with you , is n't it ? ''
i find , as time goes on , that things are rarely what they seem and power is a very fluid and finicky thing .
` ` there is one small thing that i should point out . ''
` ` we have one minor thing left to discuss . ''
we 'd be together and was n't that the most important thing ?
and there is one last thing .
` ` there is one more thing , '' a voice called out .
then i felt the tingle , and next thing i know , we 're here . ''
` ` uh , what about the whole bunny thing ? ''
` ` whatever that tree is , i suspect it 's the most important thing down there .
the only thing that mattered - that throbbed in his mind like a beating heart - was what the haunce wanted him to do .
he could n't believe she 'd worry about such a stupid thing right then .
but with the whole factory shaking and ready to collapse at any second , there was only one thing that mattered : getting the nanolocator patches on every kid in sight .
then we were nearly ready , except for one thing : when we left the animals ' loop , we 'd be just as lost as when we 'd come in .
my thing .
the man chewed his lip and regarded me doubtfully , as if deciding whether to help or to wash his hands of the whole thing .
it was pure black down there , but the next thing i knew it was filled with soft orange light .
there was one more thing i wanted to ask , though , and i did n't quite know how to put it .
in fact , just now i told your father that probably the best thing he could do is to give you a little breathing room and let you sort things out on your own . ''
install yourself on the divan for the evening and we 'll discuss it first thing . ''
you 're right about one thing , though .
` ` if we make it through this , '' she said , leaning into me , ` ` then i do n't regret one thing . ''
` ` well then , '' i said , ` ` it 's a good thing i ' m coming with you . ''
` ` there 's just one thing i have to do before i go . ''
` ` well , mr . myers , for one thing you just used the word ' accomplice . '
it 's hard for me- math , i mean - and it 's been hard too getting used to a new place , a new school , and things like that . ''
about the only thing i was looking forward to was driving that ferrari , but i did n't argue with him about it .
i had never been on a road trip before , if you did n't count the trips to florida with my mom , which you could n't count , since that was a family thing .
mogart brought his face very close to mine and he whispered , ` ` there is one thing that has always troubled me about you , alfred kropp : why do you persist ?
abigail said , ` ` there is one other thing before i go , alfred .
there was one thing i was curious about , though , so using the edit function i searched for these words : ` ` section nine . ''
she had been telling the truth about one thing , at least .
and i had a feeling the only way to get out of this mess was to rely on the one thing you 're supposed to rely on when things get really messed up : the truth .
so the first thing to take care of is samuel .
same trail or different trail was n't the thing that mattered though .
the thing that mattered was the dude on the harley coming straight at me at fifty miles per hour .
we are interested in only one thing as it relates to you and that one thing is not your personal welfare .
there is one more thing . ''
` ` one thing i was wondering ...
one thing i ca n't figure out- well , there 's a lot of things - but the biggest thing is how killing me gets jourdain the skull . ''
the only thing that mattered was he was n't going to stop until i was dead .
the only thing that mattered to me at that moment was mr . needlemier .
with mogart and the demons , i thought i was saving the world , but the main thing was n't the world , it was me .
` ` oh , one more thing i forgot to mention . ''
he knew she would n't be in there - he could n't hear the kettle boiling , which she always did first thing - but he 'd found himself asking for her a lot lately when he entered rooms in the house .
sir , do nt worry about a thing .
just one more thing to add to her list of awful indiscretions .
right now the only thing that is important is getting you all out of here , so you can live . ''
` ` the one thing i want to ask you before we leave , though , '' alejo 's father said after the scowl had faded , ` ` is about what you said before , about jesus .
there is one thing we have to talk about now , though .
at the moment , whether his dead body would be laid in the ground facing mecca or not was the last thing on sami 's mind .
like a gentle father teaching his son , dr . warner delicately cautioned dr . stadler , one thing at a time , he said , then added , work frantically in control .
we forgot one thing , ricky said , they re gon na want to know how the canoe and paddles got put back .
well , for one thing , i could have done this .
it was such a small thing , the super chip .
just let me know one thing before i go in there ; how much detention did you end up getting for the cafeteria incident ?
physical power was one thing , but he had no real idea of what she was capable of , he did nt know what other tricks she could be hiding .
while it is morning , it most certainly is not first thing , ackers rambled , trying to get some sort of information out of the paper boy while confusing him at the same time .
one thing was for sure , they were definitely going to find it if he kept it .
it was a near thing , i gratefully agreed .
they should nt even consider that sort of thing until they are out of college .
well i try to outdo him , not as a competition thing , but because he told me to try for better .
they said yeah , but he should have finished high school , i mean that is a basic thing .
oh and one more thing , do nt be the guy who got death by tree .
this whole thing is already beginning to feel somehow unwinnable .
you have to understand that to cook the whole thing was about advancing the human race and stamping out hunger .
it was all dr . cook had dreamed of , except for one thing .
but there was one more thing .
there s uh , one more thing , maya .
but the one thing that folk wanted to see he kept hidden , except to the special few he chose .
it was beautiful , but the thing that grasped my mind was the wall behind the pool , for there , at the point where the rainbows ended , was a massive eruption of liquid clear white crystal .
a small , almost insignificant thing it seemed .
billys going , guys , this is not a residential thing .
andy deigned any connection to the affair , bruce was toast cause all the evidence was there in his back yard , but the asshole that built it went to bat for the bosss son and the whole thing landed squarely on billy .
that s the little thing that separates the warrior from the rest .
next thing we know , the flap flies open and the colonel , with his pants down around his ankles , comes stumbling out , falling flat on his face in the mud , his white ass sticking up , covered with shit .
i guess it was a little unnerving because when he got back , he recommended that i forget the whole thing .
i m just a business man and i have no expertise for that sort of thing .
oh , the whole thing .
well get a better analysis later , but for now the main thing is , we know that your dog did some serious damage to whoever attacked your wife .
i wash my hands of the whole thing .
and detective , one more thing .
i m curious about one thing though ?
he thinks he s got me on the ropes , and i m going to fall apart and confess the whole thing .
oh come on kenny , i do nt believe in that sort of thing .
when you end up standing in those shoes , the only thing that matters is getting the true story out , for me anyway .
sheila and i opted for the rear of their caravan , and expending a fair amount of our valuable energy the four of us finally got the thing moving in generally the right direction , but unfortunately the rain , mud and finally the wind then decided to enter into the equation , and things moved on quite quickly after that .
the only thing he might disagree with me about was her salary .
we started off by chatting about the harbour ; apparently there had been a flotilla of gunboats there in the past , so it was quite substantial , and i had always fancied a boat , but then one thing led to another and we ended up on the subject of security of the whole place , and he imagined that sooner or later the private security firm would have to go , replaced with something in - house , perhaps with a high tech passive surveillance back - up .
another thing that had also never crossed my mind was do i really need a bomb dump ? , so taking a gamble on the future state of the world i told him to get rid of that too ; it was after - all an absolutely terrible eye - sore , and then we had a whale of a time on the finer details , but the basic lay - out was marvellous , i could just see myself living there , then i then tentatively broached the subject of the title , phase i .
his mental health however was another thing altogether - or so he felt , the paperwork was driving him crazy .
that was news to me , the indoor range bit , yet another thing to be added to the building specs .
i really was getting into the swing of things , and by late afternoon we had a spanish builder on board , the same one that had actually constructed the skeleton in the first place , but this time he was working for me .
apparently they had nt been too difficult to design , manufacture and install , as they were of a fairly proven design , but unfortunately the thing that was taking the time was the hand formed glass and steel walkway which was to encircle the atrium at first floor level , but yet again it would be installed before i moved in .
the marina would be finished well before lady s came home to roost , although one thing that i had well and truly thrown my teddy out of the pram over was the boat house , it was nt finished , and my newly restored riva aquarama was getting wet .
she did nt exaggerate the situation , although i doubted that our situation could ever be exaggerated , but one thing that i did notice thought was that each time she broadcast she seemed to be getting closer and closer to my chair .
we had already agreed countless times that it was of course the right thing to do , to let things settle down etc , etc , etc but it did nt seem to be helping very much .
one thing was certain in northshire ; there was always a bar nearby to get you drunk .
but there is this one thing , though .
then he has to bring this little thing to our doorstep .
daltons a damn fool for wasting his time on such a thing .
but one thing you not know , the grinning man said , baring his fangs .
what is the most important thing ?
the most important thing , she lectured , is that i feel good !
really , it sounded more like , the most important thing is that i feeeeeeeeel gooooooood !
one thing we have been really struggling with is healthy and wholesome food supply for the big cities .
one more thing , he added hesitantly , do i smell oh , do nt worry about that , lilly ann interrupted him , well get you into a bathtub soon enough .
taylor laughed with restored interest , you screamed , what is the most important thing ?
the most important thing is that i feel good , i remember , taylor mocked her , you never cared to explain what that meant , come to think of it .
a beautiful woman of young age jumped out of the van threw her arms up into the air and screamed for everyone to hear , what is the most important thing ?
the most important thing is that i feel good , taylor recited like an a student , i still do nt really know what it means but it feels good just to say it .
this was new , and taylor had a suspicion that it would not be the last thing this evening .
he had more important things to spend his time with than figuring out how every little thing worked .
he had more important things to spend his time with than figuring out how every little thing worked .
he paused for a moment to gather his thoughts , one thing you might want to keep in mind , john .
one thing became very obvious , it promised to be a very long night for the whole town .
next thing we know , we sit at a table in the tavern with a couple cats sitting nearby and looking at us very curiously .
the maintainers would also have their fair share of leave , but it would be spread out over the training season , and as most of them would be living local , only those that were commuting would get the air tickets , it would give john another thing to sort out when he was nt juggling nineteen hunters .
the crew of the catalina were nt exactly sure which event was causing him the most grief , but one thing was clear , if they did nt return with the drugs then their only alternative was to fly into the nearest mountain - so they devised a daring plan .
as his screams slowly subsided , in direct proportion to the amount of blood pouring onto the floor , it then dawned on the other three that the only thing that was in doubt here was how they were going to die .
any disagreement and i thing she would have taken them behind the bike shed to sort out the small print , although sasha did nt seem to take to her .
she meticulously checked me over , and after counting all my extremities finally let me walk to their limo , but i had noticed one thing quite quickly , either the hampshire air was agreeing with her , or i was going to have to watch another nanny changing nappies ; euwwwwww .
the first thing to be sorted out was mrs . peters , and caroline quickly solved that problem , she roused everyone in national health service ( what christmas holiday ?
second thing was what to do about the find , secrecy was obviously paramount so the fewer people that were in the loop the better , and as aaron ( it was too complicated to say mr . peters which one ? )
touch wood ( touching my head ) things were nt going too badly , despite the recession .
even though she was out of the water i could tell that the designer had the high speed rescue launches and motor torpedo boats of another era at the back of his mind ( it really was a man thing ) , and i quickly followed breena up the ladder , at this stage i would have followed her into a blast furnace , but unfortunately my charismatic charm did nt seem to be working at the moment .
he knew that things had turned pear shaped , and should get the hell out of there , but he had watched too many cops and robbers on the television and reached for the revolver in his open brief case .
sorry , i just thought it was an arty thing , you know like miss molly , or miss demeanour , i innocently said .
yes , indeed little things like planting the first radish seed were now a cause for celebration .
things went better that morning with the gun herb and dan had burnt the midnight oil and had done some modifications it now seemed to work flawlessly .
they had elected a council to keep things on track and though it had been a struggle had managed to keep their agriculture going and their population was now able to feed itself .
one thing struck me as odd ; ensign jackson had never met the radio operator we had been communicating with .
i said , no jim you and herb run things for a while , what 's the situation ?
what i do want is my government to concentrate on those things which affect us all , such as defense of country , borders , and protection of our interests around the world .
one thing is certain ; man is an animal yet we seem to be incongruous with the rest of life on the planet , why ?
the one thing that would always remain in my thoughts was the face of the pregnant woman we found shot dead by our captain and left to bleed to death .
still he did not speak about the thing he wanted to ask her .
nevertheless , the biggest thing on his mind was that he had to be convinced when he proposed to her that she would be content with him being on the sea , away from her for long months .
there is yet one thing .
rafe had a sudden suspicion that they were no longer talking of the same thing .
my father and i were acknowledged by all of mercia to have differing opinions on most things , especially the events that had taken place at calis .
this is different ; lady adele will be his bride , this thing touches his pride and honour .
he knew the most important thing was that he kept his seat .
it is a far more serious thing .
i suppose it matters not , the important thing is that we are prepared .
these are the secondary considerations ; the most important thing was always lady adeles safety .
there was one thing i was certain of , however , i was eager to take a break from hiking .
i double - clicked one and the next thing i knew i was reading about the 54th massachusetts .
then he added , and one more thing , the past has taught me that if do nt work hard to counter oppressive forces , i will be oppressed .
we all know he only had one thing on his mind the war .
next thing you know all the other liberals want to give blacks everything .
its a good thing the walls of this tunnel are smooth , he thought , or we would be just a bloody mess .
well be taking him exactly where he wants to go , once i receive more instructions from your boss then we can make other decisions but for now we need to focus on one thing at a time .
but , the thing you probably did not know is that ollie tolley gets to be the artillery major simply because he owns that tree service .
a solid gold church steeple , a crane truck driving across a bean field and a lost confederate treasure are not things that get reported every day .
but right now that 's the furthest thing from my mind .
one last thing , and we will finish , said zaleb as he pushed a cup across the table .
when he had finished destroying the country , perhaps he would then turn his attention to this last thing .
tricky naitty paid attention to one important thing , so he told his ex - girlfriend : after the grocerys goods confiscation by the creditors no one was coming to inspect if there was a new business in the stores location .
the whole thing suddenly seems to be far , but all happened only three - four years ago .
in one thing he was sure , even if there was a god- he would not create his creatures only for the purpose to be worshipped and prayed day and night , with all those religious ceremonies , that never end .
these pictures are not a kleininkeit if i put it in the yiddish language : its not a small thing : all men and women in our town and in others can rush hungrily to the photos , and the flash of hope would rekindle in their eyes .
and the thing she did nt want to think about : seeing joes cousin jack fflowers in less than twenty hours at the bissell school dedication .
well , first thing , bob tom flares a pair of drab gray wings so that he can lean sideways .
he picks up a monstrous fishing pole with a twenty centimeter red speckled lure and points it at joes face , first thing , and mebbe the most important thing for you , i m the best damall flyin fly fisherman on the hudson .
maybe , a place to fix things .
if we canweaken it therethe whole thing mightwash away .
that s at least one thing off my plate .
as a scientist , you have to believe that the increase in human understanding is the most important thing .
jake decided at that point to give the whole thing a rest and headed for the mountain to catch up with susans group .
there s something we need to talk about - about that very thing .
it was a spur of the moment thing , and i admit that i was nt looking at it in exactly the same way as you were , but the same result will happen .
well , there s one thing , lieutenant richards pointed out .
a bunch of russians turned up at vostok accusing me of doing something to dr . sokolov and the next thing i know , i m in a plane coming here .
one other thing , sir , if i may ?
even those of lower rank , hawk smiled , reminding him of his place in the scheme of things .
she had just about thrown him out for even suggesting such a thing .
you just rest and do nt worry about a thing .
maybe it did involve more than she was consciously aware of , but one thing she now knew for sure , the answers to her questions awaited her in the san francisco bay area and nowhere else .
one more thing though , i want you to bring along the gun and when we go by the pond on the way out , i want you to throw that ugly thing right out in the middle of it .
you better not say something stupid like it must be a woman thing because there have been rumors spread around over the years that i have a tendency to turn rather surly when i m accosted by individuals displaying anything that resembles a misogynistic attitude .
sam had made the entire adventure seem like the most trivial thing .
oh , one last thing , added sam .
only one thing bothered her , she and sam had to pay for their barely adequate meals , while of course , the admirers picked up the tab for the two heroes .
you went off on those poor plants saying how it always seemed to be the case that something or someone always came in to mess things up .
one thing that impressed allison , though , was the amount of noise people of the cloth made in opposition to this ill - conceived military adventure , this so - called preemptive war , supposedly so essential to our survival .
the only thing i want to know about right now is where are the ground troops ?
at some point , they are going to have to get boots on the ground and that s when this whole thing is going to get a lot more personal to me .
it was one thing to protest against sending our troops into combat , but it was another thing , all together , to stand in the street and protest against an ongoing war , which is in essence a protest against our soldiers being in the war .
i m gon na have to sort this whole thing out in my mind .
there are things to get involved in here that are important to the whole country .
the only thing i m worried about is the bill ernest is going to send me .
possibly , they did know that it was about the oil because one thing for sure , millions of airline passengers would not be able to globetrot so easily without the availability of cheap oil .
a lords datacorder was a very important thing , and enormous efforts were made to safeguard them from tampering and damage .
one place they did nt hide , however , was inside the airlocksopen airlocks on a warship were an official signal of surrender , which was the last thing on captain blaines mind .
for one thing , they re routinely worn for many hours a day by comfortably seated engineers in pressurized spaces , surrounded with perfectly good air .
all things considered , said ben , sighing in relief , that was short and sweet .
one thing , he certainly would nt tell us if anything shady was going on , but he might have told jacob .
just as i can no longer automatically control my comfort level by flipping on an air conditioning switch , i ca nt just park my transportation in the garage and get on with the next thing on my to do list .
first thing tomorrow , she mouthed the words to john over dierdes head .
the only thing that mattered now that he was still alive , was that he reunite with sarah and john .
its hard for me to believe that the thing i now see as the most important thing in my life was the thing that got pushed into the background noise of the life i was making .
its hard for me to believe that the thing i now see as the most important thing in my life was the thing that got pushed into the background noise of the life i was making .
its hard for me to believe that the thing i now see as the most important thing in my life was the thing that got pushed into the background noise of the life i was making .
there s another thing , i added .
before we move out , there s one last thing .
the important thing is that he is nothing like history paints him .
that was the only thing that did nt hurt !
another thing we learned quickly was how to dig a mean ditch .
i was curious about one thing though .
she checked off the numbered event concerning the arrival of passengers and looked at the next thing on the list .
besides there is one more thing i need to do there .
some things were important , like family , friends and country .
` ` and sweetie , one more thing .
you got to sweet talk your way out of these things .
` ` senor hernandez , there is one more thing .
there was one question though , once i put it to her , that she did nt want to answer , and , therefore , it was the one thing that i had to keep putting back in her court each time she attempted to bat it away .
we found ourselves looking into each other 's eyes and she kissed me and i kissed her back and we were making love yet again , and i was nt thirty - nine but eighteen , or maybe sixteen , and our bodies and our thoughts and what we could see and touch and feel became one thing .
and that was another thing i d have to check into on my suddenly growing list .
except for one thing : sometimes you really need one .
there 's agencies that handle this kind of thing , he said .
do n't change a thing , dock , hank said .
money is the one thing you d never have to worry about with me .
he felt the cool breeze on his skin when the rear door to the ambulance swung open , and although there were words exchanged and the distinct lilt of a female voice which he would never be able to piece together , one thing was unmistakable , and would immediately surface in his mind when he woke up an hour later with the worst headache he d ever had in his life : the scent of giorgio perfume .
things clicked into place in my head .
for instance my secretary , penelope , had a fight with her live - in boyfriend , and i was at the police station with her and in the process of helping her get a temporary protective order placed on his skinny , neer - do - well ass , when i got a call from my wife telling me that she was having labor painsand although that by no means is a bad thing , its a wonderful thing , it 's yet within the classification of a thing to be handled immediately in one fashion or another .
that s not the important thing , though .
its more of a percentage thing .
as a final word , there are governmental and industrial interests who would like nothing better than to develop areas of caddo lake for their own ends , which ultimately comes down to one thing : the pursuit of the almighty dollar at the expense of this beautiful natural wetland .
lief prescott was still talking : ... and if travis thinks i m going to talk with some goddamned lawyer , he s got another thing mornin , lief , i cut him off .
append this after resolution of current thing .
dubs right about one thing , i thought , when i heard the clock on the fireplace mantle in the living room clang out six loud chimes .
funny how one little thing turned my whole world upside down and caused me to think about her every day .
i figured she would jump onto us right then and there about the camping trip and flat - out say the whole thing was called off .
i was having a hard time keeping my mind from running wild and stopping my determination to turn back cold in its tracksnot because of the spooky places i had to go look for doc , but other things could be dangerous too .
we ve got to think this thing out .
uncle ira said it would probably have worked , though , except for one thing .
the thing is , how could it have been a dream if the same thing happened to both of us at once ?
seconds later i saw the flames of a burning pine knot and the next thing i saw was dubs face .
ill tell you one thing for darn sure , we ve got ourselves some good story to tell .
one thing for sure , we would have a heck of a story to tell the kids at school on monday .
there s one more thing , whatever you do do nt forget the numbers 777 .
first thing which needs explaining is why you did nt answer my question ?
i d never contemplate such a thing ; though shed have made a great wife .
the only thing he could focus on , whatever came first needed to be right now .
there s one remaining thing still puzzling me .
the second thing i want to confess is i devised a test to finally prove what i felt is true .
its okay i do nt want one , but there is one more thing i d like to ask .
it was a massive thing , though .
but he knew one thing for sure : for all the tongue dragging across his teeth he d been doing this morning , it was nothing compared to what he d do this afternoon once the damn braces finally came off .
he knew then the weather was one less thing they had to worry about , because if living by the sea had taught him anything , it was that the old sailors adage was true : red sky at morning .
have nt quite thought the whole thing through yet , ifn ya know what i mean .
sighing , he recalled again vasa and the mary rose , taking whatever solace he could in knowing the europeans were far more forward thinking about such things .
the last thing he needed was for his town to become the butt of jokes , or worse , people actually believing there was a marauding gang of pirates running around , even if there was .
chris did nt believe her because , for one thing , she did nt cross her heart .
now , that last thing .
he remembered how grateful he had been the day the thing washed away , but it seemed even that was nt enough to return things to normal .
thinking back on it , chris now understood how it happened : sykes went to cobb , cobb went to lucas , and lucas brought the whole thing to the state police , who learned today that the coast guard wanted a piece of it as well .
' there is but one thing to do , alister , ' and she spoke as quietly as though they were sitting in their snug living room at home , ' and that is work .
they had tried ineffectually to converse on various subjects , and always the thing uppermost in the mind of each had caused the conversation to lapse .
if amanda stanton was under the impression that i was going to let a little thing like not having her library card on her stop me from getting my hands on arthur stanton 's notebook , then she really was as innocent as she looked .
but i was surprised that i was n't crying any more , that was one thing .
but i did know one thing they would be after amanda , and through her , the stargazers .
perhaps there was one thing that sebastian had been honest about ; maratova seemed to have a true enmity for him , and as i watched as sebastian finally turned to gaze back at the man , i realized that the feeling was very mutual .
but right now the sad fate of my great - uncle 's estate was n't exactly something that should be taking up my attention ; the psychopath with a gun at my back was the only thing i should be worried about .
the gun was one thing , those little triangles of white were another .
one thing i could n't check , not even using saipele 's contacts .
one thing sureit was too technical for earl gephart .
the money is one thing which has me worried , though .
but tony needed herthat was the critical thing .
if it was n't one thing with him it was another .
i made the right choice because next thing i knew , the car came purring down the alley , its headlights chasing the dark away from hidey corners .
chanting thing , yes , and if you make a mistake no one will care .
one more thing elites have their own personal squad which consists of four of the elites most trusted and topped ranked fighters and of course its in may just 2 months away tells ray to ryu and cross .
static by all this is cross since he ca nt imagine how such a small thing can be so important to those kentons and roy .
one thing for sure was that no one was safe .
oh yes , one thing more !
one last thing though and ill drop the subject .
i already preferred to seat all night in my room to let abby managing this thing herself .
that s why i m happy that he met you , but the only thing that i can not understand is when you will leave this island , how will it be ?
rica decided that getting her bearing and finding help to get back home was the most important thing .
they looked puzzled about the whole thing and said they had gone to the couples home and the neighbors but no one was there .
next thing she knew she was falling .
there is only one thing , and one thing only , that you should be thinking of .
there is only one thing , and one thing only , that you should be thinking of .
' she only waits for one thing to determine her to resume her cassock , which hangs behind her uniform , ' said another musketeer .
' ah , if you command me , that 's another thing , ' said bicarat .
the only thing that astonished d'artagnyn was that her friends had never thought of this .
' gentlemen , gentlewomen , ' cried d'artagnyn , who began to get a glimpse of the result of the adventure , ' the thing is serious .
' yes , ' replied m. bonacieux ; ' therefore , ask my own secrets , and i will reveal them to you ; but those of others -- that is quite another thing . '
one thing , however , reassured her ; she remembered that before they were buried their heads were generally cut off , and she felt that her head was still on her shoulders .
' it is a thing of the highest interest , and upon which our future fortune perhaps depends . '
' but another thing . '
' ah , that 's quite another thing ; but promise me , if you should not be killed tonight , that you will go tomorrow . '
' certes , ' replied aramys , in a pleased tone , ' but the thing is subtle . '
' so you renounce the world , then , forever ; that is a settled thing -- a resolution registered ! '
when a thing suited her she paid the price demanded , without thinking to ask for any abatement .
nevertheless , one thing afforded her inward consolation ; it was expected by everybody that the campaign would be a severe one .
' gentlemen , ' said aramys , ' the principal question is not to know which of our four lackeys is the most discreet , the most strong , the most clever , or the most brave ; the principal thing is to know which loves money the best . '
but felton -- that 's another thing .
however , they left the castle behind ; that was the principal thing .
one thing alone , however , threw a shade over the pallid brow of felton .
' it appears to me that we are making a great trouble of a very simple thing .
' no , that is true ; but she -- that is another thing ; i believe he is detained in france by some love affair . '
one thing alone frightened him ; that was the remembrance of his wife , the countess de la fere , whom he had believed dead , or at least expatriated , and whom he found again in athys - the best friend of d'artagnyn .
' no , monseigneur , for the only thing for which i could be arrested is still unknown to your eminence . '
even without saying a word , i felt all the emotions she had for me with regards to the whole thing .
however , one thing was very clear to me : pam is a dead - end ; period !
he said ` ` the important thing is i ' m well now and back ; screw what happened yesterday . ''
` ` i would ' ve preferred more of gothic for this sort of thing . ''
she barely succeeded in holding herself together when she remembered one important thing : maggie 's final word .
another thing she 's worried about was the information about ' pablo ' she held back on the detective .
we must keep our places , so we can look after things , as well as after our late masters only daughter .
that was a near thing , he whispered .
that governess may look like a heathen , but she keeps miss miriams things tidier than many would in her place .
one thing was certain ; the governess had put the comb in her nightgown because she trusted miriam with it , and so a proper hiding place had to be found somehow .
neil felt he had just signed up for a most difficult task as he picked up his fork and said , there is one thing i must do though of course , of course .
everything we have here is in jeopardy if we discuss such a thing .
you tell them about your own project because you need their help , and they take over the whole thing .
as things grew more serious between them , he invited esther to visit his fathers villa in the country .
it is the one thing they have overlooked to now .
she was lost in some sort of dream , and the only thing on her mind was an old promise that she suddenly felt compelled to keep .
and one more thing , when the economy goes bust ill step in and buy your fucking country one piece at a time if i have to .
there is one other thing i am going to need that perhaps you can help me with .
one thing is for sure thoughtheyll want him after were done .
so far the trip had been uneventful with nothing other than minor maintenance to do plus the usual preventative maintenance in fact the one thing that seemed to bother the crew more than anything was that the drink dispensing machine in the crews mess had died a death .
i see the whole thing now , said george , from the adagio , obrian , obannion , the drugs the whole damn thing .
next thing we know , you 're practically murdering the boy .
as he dug into his breakfast , flaherty could nt think of a single thing that was nt going perfectly for him at the moment .
gambit stood waiting in the front room and the first thing they had to do was fix the boards and the wheels on the wagon before all else .
things had miraculously settled down for the moment , but for how long was the tree going to keep them alive was the actual question .
aye , just one last thing .
things had gotten quiet as the creatures of the forest began to come out of the shadows to witness the challenge .
while shade ran , there was only one thing alex was able to think about .
it was a phenomenon he realised was also in all things , from as tiny as blood vessels to a whole mass of trees .
it was surprising that such an old race as this was yet to evolve beyond violence , still , their cause was thing that i could understand .
she seemed to be unconcerned about the whole thing , definitely not as volatile as before and her gaze was towards the skies .
calm down , there are things i ca n't speak of yet , however , believe me when i say there are things that exist beyond the comprehension of our current civilisation , or what you would call reality , shade said as she rose to her feet and reached into her backpack .
one thing he knew , though ; he had to go to the watchtower and save gunnar even if it was a losing battle .
she knew one thing above all else : the child stirring inside her would be high king .
there is one thing more , yousef says , his broad face looking even more nervous .
the next thing he knew he felt mylovics cool hands on him and heard the priest humming a hymn to the god of purity .
like how she would sometimes contradict herself first thing ( literally the very first thing ) in the morning , as if her brain were working things out and her mouth lagged behind .
whole thing 's doubtful .
he had taken care of the things he needed , tended to the things needed tending .
there was one more thing , and just before she rode off , henri begged through lingering tears .
one thing he could determine : dangerous soldiers these people were not , more like a worn down , well - armed church social .
for some inexplicable reason , now that she had fired eleven missiles , the most important thing in her existence was to finish the job and fire the last one .
the next thing he noticed were figures walking throughout the camp with plastic buckets filled with what looked like clear water .
were not going to discuss a damn thing until you tell me that s happening .
sorry , one more thing i almost forgot about .
the one thing he had not factored into his careful consideration was noni .
andwhat about the other thing we discussed , is it ready ?
one thing was known for sure , they did not come back to the laboratory at scar headquarters .
one thing is for sure - it is possible i can succeed , and it is also very possible my attempt will fail .
he did not forget one thing though - ruby did not introduce his friends to them .
but another thing , that funny name , it was written on one of our pink napkins .
oh , one other thing mike ... why did you program in amazing grace with the bagpipes ?
one other thing he mentioned ... . this information was for their ears only .
oh , laddie , one thing ... if yer find any fossils gim me a holler , he said grinning .
nothing , she says she is cia , and i suppose she is , but we never saw an identity badge or anything , just her word , and another thing , what about the nicotine thing ?
he knew everything except the most crucial thing at this moment - he did not know how to turn on the lights !
now there were a lot of things forrest did nt know about old manual shift ford trucks , but there was one thing he did know he believed they had heaters .
one thing bothers me tho , we will be arriving on thursday , and oswald does nt get really involved until friday .
one more thing make sure your cellphones are set for vibrate , you can only talk to each other as long as you are within five miles of the texas school book depository .
hey , lj and rocky , bud and lou here ... yeah you re right , it is funny ... who else could be calling ... how are things going on your end ... good ... good ... yeah , us too .
another thing forrest , i must emphasis as the presidents car gets immediately to your front the fatal shot will be fired , please do not look up from the camera , keep filming , it is extremely important .
only one thing i have to remind you of lonnie joe thirty minutes after we leave you , penelope and clem will never remember we were here .
oh , one other thing , clem said reaching into his pocket , i want to give this back those fellows of yours thought a lot of you captain , and wanted you to have this .
there was at least one thing he absolutely wanted to keep secret .
the thing he had worried over for so long was here in his kitchen , the answer to a prophecy he wished he d never heard .
for one thing , he was not a slave to those people anymore and he wanted to be rid of them .
once pyers was satisfied with cades story of young love , they talked of other things , and he could often retreat with elaina to the wagon bed to sprawl across sacks of beans in a comfortable silence .
this close , she smelled of flowers in a way that dwarfed the real thing .
i should mention another thing , ziora lived across the street from me .
he was a bit cagey at first , but after i 'd convinced him i was on the level , he told me , strictly entrez nous , that there was no way he was going to leg it to florida on the kind of rate the chron paid when he could pull the cuttings and wrap the whole thing up from his greenwich village pad for the same per - diem .
we take on vegetables and fruit and make supplies last as long as we can , but the main thing we have to be careful of is using too much fresh water when we do nt know how long we 'll be at sea .
maybe the admiral saw something of himself mirrored in the boys actions , but one thing is for certain , no sooner had he finished reading the reports than he sent for collins , and when the young ab was standing before him in his cabin , personally promoted him to midshipman .
one thing is for certain ; for the rest of that horror filled day i never once succumbed to panic again .
wait up john , one last thing .
this is nt just a private tragedy , a family affair , a navy thing even .
the stories he had grown up with were all about the central most important thing .
jurgen stood , straightened his suit jacket and announced , one thing is for sure , we must get away , and to somewhere neutral .
wait , where was nathanael going with the fragment , he may have known where it needed to go , we must use our last meeting with him wisely there s no rushing such an important thing , and more preparation was needed in order to have the kind of combined focus needed for the successful execution of the task .
one other thing : never work here unsupervised , do i make myself clear ?
there is one more thing , her tone was darker .
now , i m not suggesting any thing illegal , nothing could be farther from the truth , pa had official gun licenses from the alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives ( atfe ) people in washington .
i needed to quit thinking about the whole thing ; everything would work - it would go according to the plan .
fraid i do nt know , captain , looks like they tried to cut the design from supermans costume but the 2nd thing i wanted to mention was his nickname that the hospital staff have been using since he s been here .
one more thing major , when do you and the doctors think sergeant scarburg will be well enough to leave ?
oh , one other thing pop when they dug you out of the cabin in the wildwood you were clutching a russian tokarev pistol in your hand .
sarge had only one thing on his mind : the mission and ... sarge thought , now were down to twelve !
one thing for sure - that patrol was nt looking for them !
probably right spook , well one things for damn sure , this dish thing , covered with this camouflage netting , would never have been seen on any aerial photographs !
the main thing the les hommes en argent are interested in is what happens when light hits an object and light is reflected .
oh , simple , all you have to do is flip this little switch here on top , ( pointing to a little silver toggle - type switch ) and it will produce one photograph , the whole thing , or only certain scenes within .
in fact , for such a thing as the return , a great sacrifice was only to be expected .
all of his siblings were uneasy about how attuned he was to life it was the only thing in which they could not best him .
well , that s the most important thing , he said , and then turned away to start prepping a fire and pull out strips of smoked venison .
agravain was right about one thing , though , darin said .
only one thing was certain : no one must ever see him again !
good , said the king , but before he leaves , there is one thing i want sir karman to witness .
sam , angela is into this thing knee deep with me , she needs clearance also .
i m also obliged to send a report to the state radiation safety officer , so this thing will probably get some attention .
it was one thing to plan a mission , but she did not expect him to lead it .
peter , i think i need some time to think this thing through .
first things first , lets get out of this place .
of all that has happened , and all the sensations he has been subjected to , he now knows one thing for certain .
one more thing , the scout interrupts , obviously unsure if he should reveal the final piece of information .
the only thing that matters now is zeldas safety , and should he find her harmed , he will never forgive himself .
as stokes began to rise , colson added , oh , one more thing .
martha bristled , see , that s another thing .
hey , one more thing .
look , agent manfist , the actual quantifiable naughty score is one thing .
` ` i ' m afraid there 's not much call for that sort of thing round here .
` ` now , we need one more thing .
though it felt a painfully slow process , she began to slot things in to place in her mind : she 'd been facing him ... and facing the number nine over his shoulder , she could recall that much , while behind her the board she 'd pierced with her first throw was number two .
` ` i do n't think we want to spoil our evening talking about that kind of thing , '' raf said .
or , '' he lightened his tone ` ` we could just enjoy our drinks and not think about that sort of thing . ''
the one thing she 'd forgotten to plan for , however , was what to do if she saw anything .
one more thing , eric said .
that s one thing we do nt have to worry about .
not a damn thing , eric said .
the last thing he wanted at this juncture was to have another confrontation .
you do nt have a thing to worry about , chris , eric said .
beth , one last thing .
beth was sure about one thing .
the newspapers made a big thing of it dragging the family name through the mud again .
my sweet nithotep , you know things have changed since the first nesu .
the stories were fanciful but one thing was certain ; nobody had seen the magician of the south .
one final thing , where are we exactly ?
one thing is clear though ; i must have a neon loser sign attached to my head .
there was one thing he did have that xin had found fascinating .
just one thing , this ship needs a name .
he could access the information , as he needed it , and was quickly learning how to clear his mind to concentrate on one thing at a time .
it always came back to one thing time .
one thing i should mention is that the point of view from this broadcast is coming from the perspective of a possible spacecraft , much like a mounted camera on a race car , for example .
oh , there is one more thing , mr parthy .
one thing we all knew , as long as atedor stayed in the church , the gypsies could nt get to him .
i ve only been thinking about one thing all night .
one thing was for sure ; alitas parents were nt eating top ramen for lunch .
well , truth be told , the whole thing was awkward .
oh , one last thing , gil said .
you know , the whole what s goin ' on here , what do you do here , blah , blah , blah thing .
one important thing : our space shuttles are built more like the older nasa apollo craft , which went to the moon and back .
we spoke for a long time , monsieur , of various things : of perugino , of raphael , of the manners and customs of the place , and about the celebrated aqua tofana , the secret of which , i believe , madame had been told was still kept by some people in perugia .
there is one thing i did nt mention .
lets line up for the big & fast thing and look at the other things later , suggested tim .
just one thing , he said .
there s just one other thing , andy said .
home decoration and interior design had never been her thing .
the last thing he wanted was for her to think he was crazy .
another thing he 'd longed to be in the future for .
that s another thing i ve tried asking him about .
yet another thing he had already thought of .
one thing for sure is that its life is measured in the hundreds of years to get this size , agreed uncle jeff .
its a very important thing for everyone , and if you will destroy it i swear on the all islands flowers that you will pay for it !
maybe she will go insane or my dear , you hide this thing for 20 years , i think she has the right to know and she has the right to react how she wants .
this thing does nt matter now amira .
if it was nt that minor and mysterious thing with the marked , the probable did nt come , and everything would be perfect .
wyatt leant on the desk , its a great leveller , were all the same when it comes to that sort of thing , he waved at the page , but you were right to lift it , i do nt agree with them looking at things like that , it might give them ideas we do nt want them reproducing , there s enough of the bastards as it is .
wyatt leant on the desk , its a great leveller , were all the same when it comes to that sort of thing , he waved at the page , but you were right to lift it , i do nt agree with them looking at things like that , it might give them ideas we do nt want them reproducing , there s enough of the bastards as it is .
perhaps only one fanatic had stayed on board , perhaps more , it mattered not , one thing was for sure that was the last time he gave quarter .
he preferred to leave that sort of thing to those who enjoyed it .
this was the sort of thing that bothered felix .
one more thing , she continued , and then ill leave you to become acclimated to your new environment .
we ve sort of been running things from her place .
one more thing , john said , walking toward a large , hollow , tally - marked shell in the corner .
oh , come on claire , this is the only thing between you and a cup of tea .
someone could be encroaching on our lands ... wolf eyes , rest tonight and leave first thing in the morning .
wounded eagle and wolf eyes sought out a place together where they could talk things over .
how could this little thing stop us from returning home ?
there was one thing that was perfectly apparent , though .
we still have one thing more to do .
one thing does stick in my mind though : cheza wearing a pink babydoll with her silver hair sparkling as her face moved closer to mine .
we are going to work on : heightening your senses to the speed they are at when you are in a drive state , control of your blood to reinforce your muscles and to keep your blood from leaving your body , and the last thing we are going to work on is control of your drives so you do nt overuse them and end up dead or as chezareis obedient little love slave , tia states with a sly grin and motions for me to stop where i am while she keeps walking .
not that i m comparing myself to spiderman , but its the whole revenge thing !
the only thing they are nt aware of is the how of lokis plan , but their director knows it has something to do with the members of this household .
there are a ton of pills that will fix that sort of thing , tia replies .
i take her to my room instead and show her my bathroom , which i thankfully keep clean because i m obsessive compulsive about that sort of thing .
next thing i know , shamu will come crashing through the window or was shamu the whale ?
okay , well see in the council chamber , but the most important thing is conspiracy , confidentiality and caution .
but the most important thing is that you and i are going to have the most amazing adventures this summer !
that is the first thing .
but the most important thing was that now there was a small chance that they might be able to help , so they ran full speed behind their new found ally .
well my dear boys , i have just one last thing that i want to show you before i have to leave you in front of the city of the robots , you will be met there by one of our people in a car who is working in the city as restoration artist .
but that is the key thing here , the most important thing is to knock a good person from the true path and satanists of all sorts are working towards this end with all their modern technologies and inventions . ''
and that is the main thing .
the main thing was not to be noticed by the robot guards .
the important thing is that she did nt discover that we mean to keep the dog people out of the imminent war with harbundai .
clas is probably wrong about the devils , but its just another thing to worry about .
the important thing is , we know what to add to keep the color from fading , and we know just how much of the iron stuff to use .
there are so many things you do nt know , mighty rose priestess .
but there s one more thing we have to be certain about .
one thing , though ; you remember one of the items from the last days was about air - dropped handheld radio direction finders ?
the next thing he knew , yoshimura was shaking his shoulder , calling him to face the new day .
the dash for safety would be hard on the horses , for one thing , and it was unlikely the strangers could hang on , for another .
but the thing that troubles me is that i see no sign of anything but hostility .
one more thing , please ?
we ' ve got a lot of things to discuss , but i 'd like to start with this invisibility thing .
one thing is for sure ; this dress is n't doing me any favors .
well , there is one other thing that just occurred to me .
one thing is sure : zombie dogs are quite unlike human zombies .
oh , yes , and another thing , continued the agent .
but make sure you keep your place in the scheme of things mystic .
well , she justified to herself as she munched on the chocolate and took a swig of cola , when you re in a new place you have to do things differently .
you re very good at the most important thing , matilda whispered into his ear .
oh , yes , one more thing .
good thing i was leaving , as i d soon be bald and toothless otherwise .
anyway , the tempest in a teapot died down soon enough , and gloria had been impressed which was the most important thing .
yeah , i said , good thing she was nt buried with it .
next thing i knew , the life was getting choked out of me .
one thing is for sure , ill avoid anyone who s into drugs .
he inspects the first round at the top of the magazine , running his thumb over it as if to test its smoothness , not that such a thing mattered in its function .
you will find it very comfortable out there , but there is one thing i should mention , warrior states .
oh , and one more thing , jason says .
the last thing i want is for people to think i m even more of a freak than they already do .
so , paulhow about if we hang out after school today and talk about this thing a little more ?
if there was one thing you always knew was on stevens mind , it was girls .
the first thing you need to know , and probably the most important thing , is that no one can see us or hear us .
it was a small thing .
one thing was certain : nobody answered .
the last thing that i want to bring to your attention is that you re going to need a sentinel of your own .
before we go out for a little male bonding or whatever it is you have in mind , lets get one thing clear .
not as an everyday thing .
someday ill tell it all to you , but for now the most important thing to know is that lydia you know , the lady who runs the front desk and does the announcements ?
but there is one more thing .
he had assumed the only thing that mattered in the conversation with james was whether or not he agreed with what they d discussed .
the important thing is that you did what we needed you to do .
as long as you 're all okay , that s the main thing .
the thing that caught zinzabad 's eye , however , was the elegant dresser with its mirror , set against the wall of the tent .
he looked at the last page of the instructions again and suddenly spotted something that seemed to have no place in the scheme of things .
the thing that worried her was the effect her disappearance would have on maximilian when he discovered that she was missing .
another thing , you know the tree nymphs we have at the hideout , is there one for every tree ?
jay bit his lip confusedly , oh , and another thing i wanted to ask was how are spells created ?
jay regretted not trying to put a spell on his shield to turn into a smaller object as now it was proving quite an awkward thing to carry around .
once she was dressed , aislynn found that she retained her freedom of movement , which had been her primary concern with the whole ball gown thing .
the council decided that eryk had to choose his bride by the funeral , for one thing .
she hoped that some salve and a good nights sleep would help , but the first thing she wanted was a nice , hot bath .
and what about the other thing ?
honestly , its likely a good thing that you and eryk asked me to keep an eye on him , because there were guards close by when it happened .
he was beginning to worry less and less about what others thought of what he did , at least when it was a minor thing , like eating breakfast on time .
they chatted about inconsequential things , like a couple strolling through a garden on a sunny afternoon .
sorry i got upset about the whole chris thing .
the young man turned back , impassive as if everything was just an ordinary thing .
sofia poked back and the next thing they knew everyone was looking at them .
sofia felt the urge to ask him more , especially of one thing .
whatever he was thinking , it might be a significant thing .
seven blinked twice , looking at his friend even closer now ; the dark man who held far darker secrets -- a fragment of the truth , or possibly the whole ugly thing .
it is not a thing for you to worry your pretty little head about .
` ` there is n't one thing , jackson .
he hung up and rose to his feet gathering his things from the board room table .
did things not seem to fall into place ?
if he did , well the next thing he knew they might begin to think they should be free as well .
it was n't exactly the kind of thing he expected her to know about .
the trees grew silent , in their wisdom it was best to let things happen as they would .
the last thing he wanted was for them to be trapped inside with a dragon when the fighting began .
even if he had thought about it ahead of time - which he did n't , as usual ; it was not the sort of thing you consider in the spur of the moment .
the whole thing was rather complicated , really .
but the important thing is that she s still there .
if only i could remember something one thing is for sure , came maklavirs voice , we ca nt go far through the forest like this , especially at night .
and one other thing , said the man .
guys we forgot one thing .
its not a date thing .
that s the only thing you think about , the game .
the next thing claire noticed was how narrow the bed was .
i do nt think we ve got the whole diction thing down .
it started out great , cutting downstream at a pace fast enough to feel like you were making progress but not so slow you would miss the scenery and it would ve ended great if not for one small thing ; paddling upriver .
the drive back was uneventful except for one thing direction .
well , that would work except for one thing .
well he began and i could tell he was nt all too sure he could allow someone to hand out meal vouchers in his lobby so i did the only thing i could think of to get him to come around to my side of things and let me hand out my papers promising low - cost tasty tidbits ; i put my hands together in the please ?
when her blood was added to the existing vampire blood it acted as a sort of kick drive to get them started but there was one thing which was different ; do you know what it was ?
oh , little things , like why the state would agree to place a reformatory on someone elses land and let a private , for - profit company run the place for starters .
sure , but i think you re forgetting one thing .
now , when eldership is at stake there are usually three wolves fighting and three vamps feeding so its usually either a wolf of exceptional strength or a vamp with remarkable blood who ends up the winner but there s one thing to consider .
first thing on his mind was , candace austin , and her survival .
stryker said he would talk to her later about what was going on , but promised that she would be the only thing on her mind from here out .
one thing she did notice was that leo did get a mention as one of the children of adolfo , but his siblings were the ones that found notoriety with the family business .
one last thing , the president sends his regards !
one last thing , josh , call jonathan and tell him i want him to kill that bastard as soon as he can get him in his sights !
i felt something strange about the place but i did nt have time to make my mind concentrate on any other thing than tiring to get myself into a safe place .
xoxoxoxoxox p. s- one last thing , do nt bother to come see me now because ill be leaving soon as i get home .
but now since i have to survive here all by my self , ca nt bother about every single thing too deep .
now i know you and i do nt exactly see eye - to - eye on a lot of things , what with my being a lawman and your being a bit of a rebel yourself , but one thing you must acknowledge is that order comes with a price .
now i know you and i do nt exactly see eye - to - eye on a lot of things , what with my being a lawman and your being a bit of a rebel yourself , but one thing you must acknowledge is that order comes with a price .
one thing was certain and that was that experience had not made him any less stubborn or less prideful .
the thing that was weighing the most heavily upon his mind was the destruction of his buggy .
if eli could lead thorn to the gang then he could wrap this whole thing up tonight .
they re sweeping the whole thing under the rug .
there s just one more thing .
` ` colonel , the important thing is that the falcon can elfspeak .
it is a small thing , captain general .
by no means a small thing .
something like the eucharist , only this is the real thing .
but one thing bothers me .
one more thing , jacky calls to him .
oh , just one more thing : a gigantic temple .
i guess there s only one thing on her mind .
as she sat back at the table , she wondered whether to call the whole thing off .
things were quiet during dinner , and afterwards , i took two buds up topside to watch the clouds scudding past the stars , and try to extend my game plan .
` ` well , for on thing , we are on an anonymous ip address .
i still had a couple of calls to make if things were going to fall into place .
` ` well , let 's start with first things first , one thing at a time .
` ` well , let 's start with first things first , one thing at a time .
` ` but i ' m not praying to anyone , i just close my eyes and focus on one thing . ''
thankfully i was oblivious to the whole thing and besides which , what did i care ?
its a paperwork thing i m sure .
oh , one other thing , said mitch as he glanced over at molly .
one things for sure , they need to improve the coffee around here and a good tin of caravan coffee might do the trick .
mitch had been right about one thing , the campus car parks were overflowing with vehicles that night , all parked for the festival , which surely provided easy pickings for the carjackers .
i noticed the water was getting dirty and promised to attend to this first thing in the morning .
next thing i know the light disappeared and in its place stood a man in similar color mage robes .
he could think of one thing water .
first thing in the morning cleanse the area of wyrms .
we need to make sure she has no more stress than is absolutely necessary , that her welfare is the most important thing , other than the mission .
on such a little thing like purchasing the handkerchief might decide whether or not they would escape .
surprise was on their side tonight , since one thing the evil witch had nt realised was lawrence held a magic staff allowing him to see her dreams .
next thing he knew he d reformed inside a magnificent castles reception area , dressed in fine clothes and surrounded by sparkling white light .
next thing he remembered was racing up the tower steps .
he thought things through logically , whereas rose worked mainly with emotions , using deep inherent spirituality and feminine intuition .
i did nt know you were into that type of thing , rose exclaimed .
there s one more thing , my pocket watch is missing .
if you re ready to answer one thing , just tell me what you did to those two characters when you were giggling at the window .
peacock thing ?
if johnny were to stand still and not move , all things being equal , if a creature was unaware he was there and suddenly came across him their other senses , sight and sound , would be overridden by scent and he would appear as a plant , pig , or any other insignificant entity johnny and his ancestors had ever ingested .
i m sorry , i m sorry , its just things have been a little hectic lately and , well , i m freaking starving myself to death on these stupid plant leaves .
as the officer approached more and more of him moved out of frame until finally , as he reached the drivers side window the only thing viewable was the knee - cap portion of one pant - leg .
you know , to simulate the lion chasing down the antelope thing ?
he could picture what it was like to go through life a little off on the size thing .
what was the second thing , detective ?
it was a small thing , not much in the grander scheme but significant in its impact .
things kind of ground to a halt after this and there was a long silenceperfectly acceptable in japan , although awkward in any other country .
there s another thing though .
ze important thing is we listened to ze stuff they ve recorded previously and it sounded pretty okay .
i did and that s the next thing to decide , richard said .
ill see you first thing yes ?
i m quite sure the only thing on her mind is study , katherine said .
the next thing i remembered was slicing through open air thud !
next thing i knew , my wish was granted ! !
one other thing , he said suspiciously .
i ve been meaning to speak to you about this very thing , captain , anne began .
wait , one more thing , she said .
oh , and one more thing betsy , anne stopped halfway down the hallway .
when he heard this , john even forgot the fact that they were trapped in these weird rooms , and the only thing he wanted was to find out how this worked .
that was another thing he himself was wondering about .
the only thing i do nt understand is why we have to learn to fly before getting freedom to move around ?
another thing he absolutely had to have , and of course forgot all about during the commotion with the tenacious , was his books .
one very important thing , he proclaimed .
bradley went on , well , one thing is clear , we are next to a railroad .
well , for one thing , if i ve made the right decision in coming here .
and one more thing , do not ever come near me again !
do nt trouble yourself about a thing .
there were things that still needed tending , duties to her fellow fireclaws and the oathbound that must be fulfilled .
the business of the deliberative was done for now , but there remained one thing for alamander to do .
it struck her as an odd thing to be pondering , there being so many other matters of greater importance with which to be concerned .
one thing was certain , he needed to get out of this heat if he wanted to think clearly .
that had been a near thing .
one other thing , lieutenant ... he said just as lanis reached the hatch .
do nt you do nt you think you re rushing into that whole thing ?
if you know you ca nt hang , damn shame do nt even try to school me i m a mean little cutie , pretty teen scene , moody could nt half - ass a thing cause i have nt got the booty honey , screw me or sue me .
he will literally harp on this thing for the next couple of weeks , and i really do nt want to have to deal with that .
but whether or not its equatable to true happiness is a perspective thing .
the girls are the single most important thing in my life .
but there s one thing you got ta do first .
i already bend a lot of islam rules , but porks one thing i m super - serious about .
morgan does nt seem like the type who would let a thing like how someone looks get in the way of a relationship .
it was just like i want you to meet this girl , and then the next thing i knew , she s my step mom .
and the whole thing just got out of hand .
the only thing i truly have control over is how i treat you , and i choose to be nice to you , not just cause it makes me feel good but because i think it would make you feel good , and then maybe you d do the same .
' there is one more thing . '
but the main thing is you 're gettin ' better . '
not really the future , the past , the present they re all part of the same thing .
i think things should be short and sweet .
for one thing , it was nt supposed to have been in an arena it sounded more like it had taken place in a cave filled with lions .
it was more of a social thing .
for one thing , said giddeon , there was the re - pressurizing of several of those old , capped underwater oil wells around the globe .
but , one thing concerned me what if this is the first time ?
the important thing now was to get moving .
somebody pushed him and he pushed back , the next thing they knew the two men reached for guns .
i never did drink much and i bought some whiskey and next thing i knew i ran at this guy and knocked him down and kicked him .
the last thing i remember was the string of foul words that came from his mouth and then i woke up a few blocks away with a cop 's billy club poking my ribs .
swallowing down imminent tears , claire decided to deal with one thing at a time .
his new enlarged chicken coop then earned its keep by playing host to just about every air - side manager and senior pilot that i had , and the first thing that had to be sorted out was , had i any control over my aircraft ?
it was then checked for continuity , and other such technical things but nothing obvious was found , until some clever person , obviously with nothing better to do shone a fluoroscope at it , and the first thing that it picked up was that it was nt my sensor box , the serial number had been changed to my units one .
it was then checked for continuity , and other such technical things but nothing obvious was found , until some clever person , obviously with nothing better to do shone a fluoroscope at it , and the first thing that it picked up was that it was nt my sensor box , the serial number had been changed to my units one .
apparently , as things had decidedly gone pear shaped i was now surrounded by the a team .
~~~~ chapter 5 david ( and caroline ) had hot footed it up to madrid as soon as things started to turn pear shaped , and he was getting more and more perplexed by the hour .
do nt worry , hopefully once things have run their course you will be back on the most trusted list , but you had to be allowed to do your thing unhindered , to get your credibility verified as well .
for the past few years every news bulletin contained at least one , and usually more , items on the middle east , nuclear proliferation , chemical dumps , biological manufacturing plants , genocide - the usual stuff but over the past few weeks it had slowly started to feature less and less , other things were hitting the headlines .
since sherris tragic departure i had half - heartedly dated a couple of friends of friends but things were nt the same , perhaps i was just getting too old for that sort of thing i melancholily thought and when are you going to visit the broads daddy ?
to me the distinction between in love and special love has become blurred i just do nt want to be without you - ever , and the sex thing , i do nt need or want a physical relationship , god knows i have enough offers , i just want your baby and that shook them both to the core there - it was out in the open .
it quickly became obvious that the restoration was to be a man thing so we , charlotte and i , continued to spend our spare time pooper scooping and following your antics on television - god how i hate that sandra woman , and the rest of them come to think of it .
the marriage thing ?
~~~~ chapter 11 the marriage thing ( hers , not ours ) was swiftly becoming the main topic of conversation whenever we were all gathered together , and it started to gather even more legs when my legal beavers in london started getting involved but unfortunately they ended up reluctantly agreeing with what suzie had said .
charlie was the first to spot something , it was an item on the boat yards final invoice , which , all things considered , was fairly reasonable when taking into account the age of the vessel and the added re - sale value , overall everyone considered it vfm ( value for money ) - it was a small thing install and connect new mtm fresh water tank what s an mtm he asked , half bored and half slightly intrigued , and a quick phone call to the boat yards bosun and they were told that it was his slang for made to measure , and a very nice stainless steel tank it was to , very top of the range .
charlie was the first to spot something , it was an item on the boat yards final invoice , which , all things considered , was fairly reasonable when taking into account the age of the vessel and the added re - sale value , overall everyone considered it vfm ( value for money ) - it was a small thing install and connect new mtm fresh water tank what s an mtm he asked , half bored and half slightly intrigued , and a quick phone call to the boat yards bosun and they were told that it was his slang for made to measure , and a very nice stainless steel tank it was to , very top of the range .
its only a hypothesis , one of several david quickly said after following her gaze , we have no proof that it is , but it might help us if we approach the whole thing from a different angle .
6 ) -they both had new passports , they knew that mr leigh had had one , and up until now assumed that the other one also had one but still they could not put a face to a passport , and that was another thing to go on the list , how did they get their passports , its not easy for law abiding citizens to obtain forged papers .
not good enough i said , and started with the thing that started the ball rolling , the groceries , if you had nt been spotted in the supermarket buying them , then the police would have signed off on the investigation and sue and charlotte could have gone to the coroner and asked him to perform an inquest , ( who would have then had to ask the secretary of state for permission to carry out an inquest without a body , and once they had his report they could then make an application to the courts for a court order compelling the registrar to issue a death certificate in the absence of a body and a doctors medical death certificate ) - it would have been a long winded and complicated procedure , but at least there would have been a light at the end of the tunnel and they could have got on with their lives acordingly .
just as the sun started putting in an appearance shaun finally plucked up enough courage to ask me about sue and the marriage thing and i told him a little of the expurgated version , and he seems genuinely upset at the trouble he had caused , and pleased for her , we thought that we had thought of everything , he said , and i thought she would be glad to see the back of me .
sue had never been dependent on shaun , some relatively minor things would be put in order , but the main thing was that we could , with a little luck , now marry in church ( although she would have to cross her fingers when answering some of the questions ) which more than made up for any out of pocket expenses that i might incur .
there is one more thing that i have to do before you leave .
as much as she knew and understood all of these things , she also knew that it would have to be her to make the first move , to unlock the cage door and let the bird fly free , until it either learned to love the home it already had , or to perish in a place it longed to be .
she resolved to talk to her husband as soon as she could for fear that leaving the thing unsaid for too long would cause the damage inside them both that she feared almost more than the dangers he might encounter far from here .
what em was now suggesting was that the money would provide security for his family ; was this the thing that had troubled his thoughts about going north ?
they must have kept the whole thing totally secret .
she finished with a flourish as if she had solved the whole thing single handed and we could now retire and spend the treasure until the day we died .
however , one thing that interested me was that as more and more men flooded in , the complex mine workings became a hotbed of violence and chaos where regular riots broke out .
this situation continued until rhodes and barnato took control of things and introduced some order into the place .
one thing though , she paused , i m certain now that the treasure does exist , and i m fairly certain that its still there where he left it .
it was only european style modern morality that had any issues with this sort of thing , and so made it more my problem than theirs .
is it the same thing that interests you perhaps ?
` ` the important thing is to get out of here . ''
of course the whole thing was rendered moot as the native had slipped away while they were arguing .
` ` i dunno a thing about cars . ''
things are just not falling into place .
the only important thing was to put distance between the beast and me .
next thing you know you ll be runnin away like freddy , outta your fuckin minds .
in a moment this was done , and next thing i knew i was lying upside down on the slope of the wash , with my feet hanging from the tree .
oh , one more thing , he said , it happens very slowly and painfully .
just one more thing , doc .
ill tell you one thing for sure , doc .
and children are nt really your thing ?
there is one thing , however , that i must do before i die .
really , the forehead and heart thing ?
well , yes , maybe so , but one thing at a time , you do not think ?
the whole thing was just too big for him to think about , realising now that at every step one failure could mean failure to the whole quest .
i just fancy a walk is all , and i know its not really your thing .
one thing after another and not a moment to think about the five - thousand - dollar check nor the plane ticket with the open end , of course , as gaudreaux had pointed out .
` ` not , my thing either , '' i agreed taking another sip of my beer .
` ` well , for one thing , you 're stuck working for that witch and you 're really not getting anywhere with your life . ''
the only thing that matters to me is the pearl possessing it possessing that precious gem .
oh , and more thing .
andrew was feeling terrible about the whole thing now .
but one thing irritated him badly .
one thing is certain : the life of birds on this planet will be revolutionized and soon reach unbelievable heights of advancement .
there was one thing when i was reading your resume that i did nt understand .
well , if you two change your mind and need a place to keep things , you let me know .
way things were going with all his fathers interest in wildlife , folks thought that mrs . pond and the birdwatchers were going to get the old peachblossom farm and any of the old mans properties on the island .
there s another thing , though , pastor .
there is one thing though , frank .
frank , she was right about one thing .
just about the only thing here he did nt have much control over was when the washington people came and give you that award , pastor .
one thing for sure , said frank .
one thing i noticed immediately , frank , that was odd about this terment .
that manor house was probably the only thing jake cared about all his life .
the stories they made up about what the test was and what a man had to do to survive it were pure fantasy , but regardless of their ignorance , they all agreed on one thing .
i m not supposed to get involved with this type of thing .
the important thing is that we are all together now , not as physical beings , but as curious creatures of energy and light .
everything is absolutely perfect except for one thing . ''
it is not your thing is it ?
i suppose i do one day but only after meeting the right man and only if and when we establish ourselves in a bond of marriage , but there s one thing i do know that i m not doing any such thing until i am absolutely certain he is the right man for me if that fact can ever be established .
the only thing that was certain was that some event would take place that would change his life and satisfy the hurt he had bestowed upon mapita .
things went pear shaped at school when rosie left , her father had been made redundant from his fancy pants london company and had decided to go back to his roots in scotland .
one thing she knew for certain , if ms . maccandels did want something from her , she would undoubtedly get it .
the whole thing !
she allowed her mind to wander a little and dreamt that cygan was going to clap his hands together and say ; well , first thing tomorrow , we get right on it but for now we eat and take them to whatever canteen or restaurant the white house had .
so , thisabove all elseis the most important thing .
there is one thing , oraden said .
the important thing is that you have it now .
the whole thing is silly .
they would set out first thing in the morning , allowing the adventurers a full day at sea .
the last thing i remember was tumbling around under water .
the only thing that mattered is what screwed up the entire world for the next sixty years .
we discussed for some time were we would place the fire , the directions we would sleep in , what we could do about the smell , and things like that .
a little apprehensive , i went down to the enquiry , and found 3 , sumanth , manoj and moham standing there , talking about the very same thing .
with such things in mind , we climbed to the terrace of manojs house , creeping past wicker chairs and empty one - roomed apartments , the night wind whispering through the thin , long leaves of the lone coconut tree .
the only thing that matters is that he learns to obey my orders without hesitation .
jill , one more thing .
one more thing , jack .
speaking of the one more thing , lets start getting set up for the kill shot .
jack , i am thinking the most important thing in my mind right now is that i do nt want to offend you .
jill , there is one more thing that we need to talk about .
while he enjoyed the show , it was the furthest thing from his mind in that moment .
they were a group of guys in green cloaks who said they were assigned by king ashraf to run things .
do nt worry about a thing , ma , said laverick .
but that s not the only thing in my way .
the next thing matthew knew , he and bax had reached their bunk .
` ` for one thing , mr . fleming , i do n't believe everything i read , '' she said , nodding to the folded dodger .
that they were not paying him the slightest attention was the important thing .
despite an endless effort to avoid his misery there were thoughts of one thing he could never prevent from plaguing his mind .
whatever caused the explosion within the ground had retreated as quickly as it had viciously erupted , as if the pressure that caused it to burst had shifted onwards , and as much as it confused the warlord , his mind was focused upon just one thing .
arbephest rode alone in the darkness , not once letting up on the galloping steed , though he had a secret soft spot for the welfare of things , and though in the face of an army of murderous barbarians he did not know fear , being all alone in the dark in the midst of the countryside was a place no man wished to find himself .
not once did he look back at his home nor his father , his mind could only be fixated upon one thing now .
ahead the delta was calm , to be free from these waters was the only thing that raced through his mind .
` ` yeah , got stuck in miss hendricks ' yard again first thing this morning . ''
bringing up greta 's boy friend was a touchy thing in the burgess household and would always provoke some kind of reaction .
obviously , his father had decided to drop the whole thing .
brad felt betrayed by his parents , particularly by his mother who seemed to have instigated the idea of moving to california and then became indecisive about the whole thing .
he might not back down and all these high school heroes from wilmet may just ignore the whole thing .
moreover , for the first time he was missing the interest of any other thing than work .
it had become a very private and personal thing now .
it is a big thing and i am very thankful for your help .
the most important thing for him was to keep her safe .
the only thing , which mattered , was that he existed .
she was wondering which thing he had to care of right now .
the most important thing now was that people , who were important for her , were hopefully safe .
the most important thing was that julian should not be involved in this story .
for another thing , he was might still be a wanted young man .
for one thing , the crew might spot him and force him to tell where davy was .
ill speak with him first thing in the morning .
he already had books of his spells , what they were , how to cast them , that sort of thing .
james : well that s another thing i wanted to talk to you about .
all things considered , gerry was in a good place mentally , but he did not look forward to telling the same story over and over again on the phone .
even most of the accustomed standards and norms once provided for reporters have become a thing of the past .
the healer was nt usually one to letting such a thing slide .
another thing he had been working on was serabis story about the tamer .
thank sol , one thing less to worry about .
one thing was for sure , though : she got quite the education here .
john stanton wonders why the hunt for rose is taking so long and unleashes the talent of bella elizabeth fonteyn to speed things up eager to encourage stanton 's attention she responds .
` ` we 'll hold you in custody until i check a few things , bad timing , out of the country tomorrow . ''
should things go pair shaped , this conversation never took place . ''
one thing 's for sure , he does n't tolerate corruption .
` ` ahhh , one more thing . ''
` ` one more thing , jean forbes husband , find him for me . ''
no matter how he tried he could not find winston blake and his daughter , no matter what angle he thought about things it was still a hunt for rose .
jodi had not yet fully settled from her bizarre behaviour and he did not want to leave her but the last thing he wanted to do was take her with him in harms way .
it troubled moulin that she should struggle with such a thing so personal as naming her own son , for it was not like nicolette to be so uncertain of anything .
fire was always the best , first thing .
what he did was a very intimate thing , and in the ordinary course of life it would have been intensely forbidden .
the only thing i was thinking now was whether to make it quick for her , and if we would have time to bury her .
next thing we knew , we were on a uh-60 , flying over the ruins of buffalo on our way to the camp on grand isle .
we saw them coming , and next thing i knew , the loudspeaker is yelling incoming !
like the fairies , he tends to focus on only one thing at a time .
in the absence of that persnickety asher , nodd began to remember the important thing : peter pan had been banished !
with all the small suns of neverland lighting the world , darkness ( at least in londonland ) has become a thing of the past .
he could feel the people ( especially that no - good laughing lady ) struggling to escape his mended sack , but he had more important things concerning him as he rounded the corner of a hay bale and spied a man chopping firewood on the homestead .
whatever the reason , one thing is for sure , after this year , i wo n't miss sitting in that dark , damp room of the old wing , where classes have n't taken place since 1972 .
` ` just one thing , '' he whispered softly in my ear .
maybe i was blowing the whole thing out of proportion with alec .
too many things felt out of place in this entire operation .
it slowly dawned on the crew that the stowaways punishment was not the first thing on the captains agenda .
one thing though ill need clothes ; i ca nt go in what i have on how about if i take you over to victoria tomorrow and buy you something appropriate .
there is only one thing occupying his mind at this moment .
eyeing his son with irritation , the man responded , not much , nothing good , at least , and , accepting the intrusion , added , well , there is one thing here , on page three .
that made his stomach churn ; that was the thing he was most worried about .
he had asked his fellow foot soldiers , but it seemed that they were all wondering the same thing .
haauggh ( spit , spit ) , i never fought with andy jackson , but i ve been thinkin on that very thing , hank .
and one more thing , hank , hawk called to his retreating back .
and now she was going to have one more mouth to feed , one more thing to be concerned about .
all right then , one other thing do nt get caught !
it is a good thing you did not enter with me .
the main thing that concerned him was that the texian army might not be aware of his capture .
sir , there is one other thing , hawk replied .
there was one thing that concerned hank mightily .
sheriff green took a group of riders back to the cabin to check up on things , and they brought julies and hanks valuables into town for safe keeping .
which it was , he could not be certain , but of one thing he was entirely certain- the image in his mind of this dying man would not go away , not within his lifetime .
but one thing was certain - they were hard fighting men .
i give you change clothes , did not see your private thing ... ... ... ah ! ` `
` ` now the first thing is you have to pick up the pace , because of fear of temporal energy shortage , do you know the location of spaceship ?
` ` well ... ... ... ... but i m afraid he will be disappointed ... ... ... ... ... ... ` ` ` ` mission is the most important thing , okay ?
i know you can stop me , but you chose to contribute your most important thing ... ... whatever you are not human beings ... ...
` ` we are all experienced the holocaust as result of this way of life , but one thing i want to remind you that , according to our result of research , your earth will have seventy percent chance of suffering such disaster , because the growing gap of wealth between rich and poverty , at the same time , a new and huge organizations are absorbing these poor people for jihad counterattack .
` ` i do nt know to answer this question , this is my private thing . ''
of course , the most important thing was to introduce the mode of operation of the universe union system , and associated members .
your right about one thing , you re going to die , he says grabbing my gun and throwing it across the room .
` ` the first thing we need is a decent map , which we are sure to find in the local ranger 's office .
one thing is for sure - they ' ve got balls . ''
doc was deep in thought as she walked down the hill , her computer of a brain concerned with only one thing .
you did nt it was a close thing , spike said .
the other thing i must tell you all is , i know about the time portal .
` ` do you , sir drake , promise to take princess najika and place her on the throne beside you as your queen , to rule as your equal in all things and to adjudicate in matters of justice ? ''
damian knew that if this encounter were happening in a public place things might go very differently .
it was the last thing they wondered before each one fell to the ground , their system crashing because of the overwhelming power inside the light .
education was the most important thing for this man and he wanted his children to study and get jobs as professionals .
the only thing i want to be concerned with is ace , and he s got the biggest heart of any horse here .
let susie and simon take care of things for a bit and meet me at the rose .
one thing , though , that i ca nt ignore and you ve got to know .
i guess the only other thing is , do i get released today ?
there s one more thing , she said .
not that i m into that kind of thing .
leaving first thing tomorrow , she said as she kept her eyes firmly planted on her feet .
not your thing ?
not one thing on the desk gave any indication of his past or his present , and ethans future promised well - organized anonymity in the same vein .
but the one thing that did nt make sense was the selection of arcadia when he could have any or several of the citys larger firms in the palm of his hand for a song .
the only thing of any consequence was a way out .
he thought he had assured her that he would do no harm , and even though abandoning her to the others was the last thing he wanted to do , he hated her thinking that this had just been some mind fuck meant only to suggest an end to her suffering only to add to it .
it was a business thing .
so this really is your thing .
` ` one other thing , '' linda said .
she could smell other things now ... fir trees .
` ` oh , one other thing , '' patrick added , almost as an afterthought .
` ` that was one thing i checked out before i bought the property .
` ` miss delton always takes reading with the little ones , first thing .
* the capture of the three rustlers would have been an anticlimax except for one thing .
when harold accelerated away behind vicky 's toyota , the only thing on his mind was to move as fast as possible away from the area .
look at your son , she called to her mate as if there were no more important thing in the world than this moment between a parent and child .
surely things can not be so bad that they must already look for rhubarb .
chaiko looked a little startled by how lightly baer was taking the whole thing , and saw his brothers face looking younger than before .
at the same time she was finding it hard to think for herself , obsessing undecided over the least little thing .
affirmed chaiko in a voice that implied he had the whole thing worked out already .
the one thing they did not discuss at length was their possible fate at the hands of their captors .
for the first time in their lives the two brothers were not fully in agreement in a thing that mattered .
it bothered him , of course , that his brother was not with him on this thing .
its mostly just a cultural thing for me , though i go to rosh hashannahjewish new yearsometimes .
this little thing , our gender expression , is enough to keep them away , hila said .
it was such a little thing jed tried to explain .
you got the whole thing ?
now pushing over five hundred titles , it was the one thing he took the most pride in .
i was raised to believe sex is not a casual thing , he explained .
oh , sorry , maybe this is not the time or place to be talking about such things .
for one thing , since we found both pieces of it in this room , explained riyan , it would be safe to assume that the battle that broke the blade took place in this building .
the last thing he wanted was for the situation to worsen by riyan breaking through the aged wood and falling into the river .
the first thing you will learn , the drillmaster said loud enough for all to hear , is how to hold your sword .
satisfied with his sword , jaikus turned to go when keeler stopped him by saying , just one more thing .
it was one thing to have a solitary brand that barely gave out much light .
the two boys had heard a lot of things and had certainly not understood them all , but of one thing tom was sure , there was no way home unless they did what the badger asked of them .
but one thing is certain , the wolf will come again .
he was n't sure , but one thing that was certain , they were here and they would have to see it through to the end .
` ` oh yes , just one other thing . ''
` ` for one thing , i would like my map back . ''
just a little thing . ''
the white wolf let its mind drift to other things , other places , its fury at the loss of its servant melting away into insignificance , aware that it was time to move on .
at last you have found your place in the scheme of things .
but the only thing that really struck him was the way in which he had come to accept the bizarre events he had witnessed , since somehow slipping from his own world into these magical , yet deadly lands .
one thing he knew though , as he prepared to face unknown torments .
i ' ve been meaning to sit down with you for quite some time now , but you know how it is , always some last minute thing to attend to , unexpected turn of events and such like .
must suck a sour lemon to be the one to determine such things .
he grabbed the horn , slid a shoe into the stirrup and pulled , but suddenly his foot went forward , his grip slacked and next thing ethan knew the wind was knocked out of him .
the one thing i m looking forward to is skiing those mountains to the northeast .
one more thing , did you think to check the phone for listening devices ?
tony , one more thing .
anyway , this was such a small thing that it actually never even occurred to me .
one thing is a fact ; if you keep pushing a south carolina boy hard enough , hell do his best to kick your ass !
he s getting all soft and mushy for that sort of thing lately .
one thing he did know was charleston was the greatest city in the world to him and he could nt take the chance of it being put to the torch .
oh and one more thing , the school is right around the corner , a ten minute walk .
oh and one last thing , the prophecy is clear , the beast will be killed by someone who s spent most of his life battling demons !
the main thing the les hommes en argent are interested in is what happens when light hits an object and is reflected .
i ' m leaving this chest thing along !
how the hell do i know i m just now coming up with plan a. oh , there s one little thing i forgot to tell you about plan a .
that s not exactly what we wanted to hear , no , no , not the nicknames they are fine , but the other thing your talking about does sound like a very good idea well do it !
things got off to a good start when , with my brother deans help , we managed to find the lawn mower and plug it in .
the world did nt matter now ; the only thing on my mind was al .
its a big thing to comprehend at eighteen .
just one more thing , he added .
the only thing that mattered was that i was out of that graveyard .
well , charlie , one thing is certain in the underground .
okay , now there s just one thing i d like you to improve on , said ted .
someone or something had attacked me that night , and the next thing i know , the ring was missing from my hand .
last thing i remember was leaving the witchs hut ... after i nearly killed you .
he felt that his disappointment in camacho should not be a thing that mattered , that he could do fine without him .
i have to attend to one thing at a time . ''
one additional thing wait until they all pass behind an object before you shoulder your gun .
chameleon , the capture of the killer is the most important thing .
sure , one more thing kid ; i enjoy the forest , too .
one more thing , kid .
you know , a small thing like that .
then there s one thing required to help make amends .
matthew was now the last thing on her mind .
the persian king has reincarnated several times now and could be someone else in some place we might never discover in our present system of things , so you must have personally met this person if you want to deal with xerxes or khshayarsha , as he is rightly named .
` ` you just refused sex , one thing at a time rose . ''
` ` things look quite healthy and normal , i can offer no explanation , you asked for a prognosis , rose is a healthy fertile woman , she looks less than half her age inside and out . ''
` ` apart from one thing , a bicycle pump found on one of the infiltrators push bike . ''
football was the last thing he wanted to discuss .
i apologize for being so secretive about the whole thing , but i knew that i could depend on you and i knew you would keep to your word and not look upon the contents of the case .
think where you were last , his wife suggested from the living room , in that feminine way she had of attending to one thing with half her brain , whilst completely engaged in a thoroughly unrelated endeavor with the other half .
thing was , grass like that could survive .
well , that s one thing he was nt .
neither of them did a thing to suggest they wanted to be noticed , yet clearly , not only did they want gideon to see them , they wanted him to worry over it .
it seemed reed had lost a few spendy items and naturally shoved the whole thing , blame and all , onto gideon .
the whole thing did sort of stand there in wide open invitation .
one thing did stand out .
well , first things first and the first thing matt needed was a clearer picture of how the cards lay .
for glory was a public thing , whereas pleasure was a very private affair .
he had done his best and could think of no other thing he had left untried .
now they would have to attend on the new leader for approval of every little thing , for it was his prerogative to decide according to their protocol .
though it might not be my place to give it , for such things are handled by the council , you have my permission for a sister to visit a sister and help as any family should .
it was good not to have to make an effort even about the smallest thing , not to have to search for the right words to say .
he chewed furiously on a grass stalk , trying to resolve things .
still this did not feel like the real thing , at least not how she had remembered it .
we actually forgot one last thing , a pyromancer says with a voice filled with fake confidence .
first thing first , friends , we need to brutally slaughter everyone on this ship , sisy says with a grin as he brandishes his blade .
anyway , next thing .
if there s one thing we know , its business .
maybe i should nt have brought up the age thing .
it was right on the edge of the district , cheapest way to get them in as we were finalizing things with the farm .
no onell suspect at thing , chuckles with cody .
one last thing , mandoon wishes to know your name .
the important thing to consider is how to use it in a positive way and keep it under control .
he did nt even want to ask such a thing in the first place .
the only thing he could think about was exacting revenge on those who were responsible for the fire .
except that one thing .
such a little thing should nt have the power to warm the cold layers of his heart .
he was the only thing solid in the pressing black , the only thing keeping her from falling .
our ranch will be the safest place for you until things settle down again .
so long as they do nt find you is the main thing .
first thing , he decided to separate his friend from the stranger .
one thing is certain .
once upon a time , i was in the army , and my commander used to say : the most important thing is to preserve the staff , and let things happen as they will .
but that is not the most terrible thing ... why do the people die ?
i ve got a friend up there who s the local expert on this kind of thing .
the only thing that concerned her was that he was in her chair .
the whole thing is somehow tied up with lightning .
oh , just one thing .
one thing though , chase warned , hickman is mine .
he sniffed continuously , trying to catch the scent of excitement and as always when things got serious , jake became a model of good behavior .
these long outings , just the two of them and the old 50 pickup were mostly a thing of the past now and chase missed them .
its not an all or nothing thing , thank goodness .
manager rishi was disappointed too , but he had nothing against apurvas team because they had found the boy , and that was the most important thing .
any other time i would have assumed that some school - related thing had come up or something trivial would prevent the trip , something like that but those recent , subtle , damnable , nagging suspicions had been telling me something was nt right that cold sense of fear crept further up in my chest , gripping my ribcage tight .
he smiled at me as he said that , with a slight sarcasm in his voice , but this montana thing was an old joke between us .
the whole thing embarrassed me .
its my job to make sure you newbies learn this evening about one thing : how to stay alive in the park , things like avoiding bear attacks , what to do if bitten by a venomous snake , if you re caught in a sudden snow storm .
its my job to make sure you newbies learn this evening about one thing : how to stay alive in the park , things like avoiding bear attacks , what to do if bitten by a venomous snake , if you re caught in a sudden snow storm .
but as cool as i tried to be about her , to let things just go and happen on their own , if at all , the rest of the week as i worked the store , sometimes in the front area cash register and sometimes in the back by the kitchen , i would find myself glancing at the outside doors every time someone walked in .
but there hardwoods too , in the shadier , moist areas near the lake , big , lush trees with roots down to the center of the earth the only thing deeper were the mountains roots .
but the important thing to see is that there are no other footprints near where she was found .
there are more entities than the bias office watching things in browning , will , he said gravely .
he shrugged nonchalantly like it was an everyday thing and perfectly reasonable .
the main thing is that we have a way of fighting ghost - fire , baer pronounced .
the next thing he knew they were embracing and clutching at each other .
spirit seed illuminates your mind so you see things in a different light than usual .
it was indeed a rare event that everyone was talking of the same thing and every word that was spoken was so narrowly aimed .
ah , well , that was another thing altogether ... then he shook himself , putting the matter from his mind , saving it to ponder on some night in the future when it would nt be overwhelmed by a sense of failure .
this morning i was concerned to win a few battles but not the entire thing .
at first it was just a minor thing , a bit of intestinal bloating , followed by a relieving wind that smelled distinctly of bananas .
it was nt much , but it was the principle of the thing .
but as frank zappa used to say , necessity is the motherfucker of invention , and i was nt going to let a little thing like this spoil ms . atwoods big night in fredericton .
only thing now is to deal with .
one thing to keep in mind hmmm .
maybe he should forget the whole thing .
there is one other thing i must bring to your attention .
how easy it would be to forget the whole thing and let it slide .
my lord , this is perhaps not the best place to discuss such things .
muldor felt a flush of frustration that such a simple thing required his attention .
this would make things easier then , it was definitely another thing i liked about her , her mind .
i think its a bloodline thing sort of hatred .
the hardened skin was going to be another issue , however one thing at a time .
there was one thing however that still bothered me more than anything .
there is one thing you have to do before i teach you everything .
there was one thing that bothered me above everything else .
it was only one thing that bothered me and it was about sam .
she was right about one thing though , danyen was truly a frightening place to be stuck in .
the most concerning thing right now was this new threat i was beginning to feel around me .
this was definitely the last thing i wanted to deal with right before i faced one of the worlds greatest enemies .
deep in my mind , one thing bothered me more than anything else .
he just could nt stay on one thing at a time which sort of annoyed ; however , i never told him that .
one other thing also bothered me more than anything else .
even though katarina was invincible , there was one thing she could nt hide away from me .
the one thing in my entire existence i dreaded above anything else .
well he s right about one thing for certain , cale interjects , socking him on the shoulder .
that afternoon david and i had a heart - to - heart at ' jesus green ' to talk things through .
do n't fall off the rocker , bridget , i called myself to order , things will fall into place .
next thing we knew , we were stumbling up a stony footpath to a piece of ground shaded by thorn trees .
i had never been exceedingly interested in that sort of thing , but my new friend turned bird - watching into an interesting experience .
` ` oh yes , i know about that sort of thing , '' rudolph moaned .
while i mulled over the whole thing , our party plans hit a snag .
the building department could have gotten wind of the whole thing .
the whole thing with the materials list was easier to discuss .
things will fall into place , you 'll see . ''
` ` let 's talk about the whole thing over breakfast . ''
i presume violets things are still in the bathroom ? ''
the thing is he was very insistent and you know he never listens to me charlie and the brothers waited with as much patience as they could muster as specks fumbled his way through an explanation .
one thing you always forget charlie , i am the smartest person in every room .
not a thing could be saved and we spent the night sleeping in the shearers quarters with mice running over us during the night .
its not a sure thing that the chosen family were all that suitable but he did marry a girl barely out of her childhood .
oh , one last thing , assholes .
with no gray areas things somehow became quite simple and his mission equally clear .
one thing was certain , however , she would be leaving bermuda with more in hand than shed had departing milan , or worse , bordeaux .
i m pretty sure they did not , at least not the whole thing .
one last thing , serge .
oh , before you go , there is one thing .
one thing was for sure though , things had just gone steadily from bad to worse between them and what with the dog and the engine on julies volvo blowing , the proverbial camel finally collapsed .
the bottom line was , however much truth there was or was nt in this story , one thing was certain , it did nt concern him .
he did nt know but one thing was clear , it was time to get out of sight .
enjoyable as the ride was , there was one niggling thing that could nt be ignored .
though she did nt know it , the last thing was what made him most happy .
one other thing , mr . president , he said solemnly .
flashing him a half - hearted smile , she responded , well , for one thing , the fleet admiral is missing .
you see , ryan , this house is actually simply an exact , inch for inch replica of the emperors palace on traxil ix , and not one thing is so much as a micrometer out of place .
there s one more thing i still need to take care of .
green ferret is the most important thing we 're working on right now .
oh , you poor little thing , you re bleeding .
he sighed , feeling the heavy sadness of guilt because only one thing was certain ; nothing would get in the way of his killing vorkis .
there s one more thing i need to take care of .
the next thing she saw was a flash of light .
one last thing sir .
you are capable of great things , my young prototype , but you must follow the law in this one thing .
as charlie turned to leave , only one thing was on his mind , despite the enormity of the revelation given him .
the older generation may still have thought of things through the lens of girl and boy , rose colored glasses versus combat fatigues .
it was late in the day as the doctor melons home came into view , and brian smiled the smile of a man that knew his place in things , and understood his destiny .
never was much for the whole general thing .
as eliza watched the commotion outside the window , she started thinking about senator robert f. kennedy who along with his family had lived in on the 14th floor in the other tower and brushed by eliza like a normal everyday thing .
richard had books on oceanography and ocean life , in fact that was the one thing he and his father talked about and gelled over .
the next thing you know victor will have her reading the torah or talking her into going to israel on a kibbutz !
her mind was always going off in different directions , so it was hard to pin her down sometimes to sticking with one thing .
they talked and joked about things even discussing what caused the snowstorm in the first place .
it was no small thing .
without being any closer to understanding why the rinche was tracking them , the only thing for certain was he did not intend to give up easily .
even then , you may not have enough elemental essence floating within you to be accepted , but one thing is certain .
he then felt hands on him and the next thing he knew was that he was flying through the air , out of the circle and into an armory station .
eating is one thing , fightings a whole other matter .
as for the other thing , my reading on renegade history as of late has been pretty extensive .
wait now , there is one other thing i forgot to mention , although if you were caught it would be evident .
there is just one thing that worries me .
now , one last thing .
all right , shoot with this sybil thing , i m getting hungry , gisbo said .
now , one last thing for you to ponder , falcon said .
our ritual requires one thing .
` ` i m thinking more a hot blonde with sexual dysfunction to cure , '' the generically named man said , ` ` if were dragging this thing around we should get some . ''
of course , since they just came into existence a few minutes earlier it was not as if they had much advance time to even think about this entire thing .
` ` right , '' admiral sackenbrenner said as he lit another cheap cigar , ` ` go ahead and take the thing up to the labs to have it looked at .
we need a car chase to spice things up .
oh , yeah , one more thing .
the first thing you must learn is how to control your magick , and ill show you how , khronus explained as he cupped his hands and placed them close together in his lap .
you once told me the most important thing you ever did was figure out how to live life on your own terms .
billy , one last thing .
one thing was perfectly clear , though : he could nt have survived the day without georges new suits and underclothes .
oh , one more thing , they over charged you at that motel down the street . ''
i sort'a figured , seeing as i ' m temporarily without accommodations , i 'd ask if you 'd help me find a place to hide out for a while until i can sort things out a bit .
at one level , we build and release free gpl open - source software for things like firewalls , virus scanners , that sort of thing to the general public .
should n't reduce the trade value very much at all unless you 're picky about that sort of thing . ''
` ` just one more thing , '' says mike as he strolls over and grabs another guinness and tucks it into his back pocket .
david asks , ` ` is every thing okay ? ''
` ` oh , one more thing , the video sequence from our surveillance cameras will be posted on our web site , http : //www.omahadave.com '' he waves , david waves and , ignoring the shouted questions of the news feeding frenzy , they turn and reenter the club .
maybe to impress the other bosses around the country that he can take care of things himself .
` ` every thing 's fine .
the last thing he wanted to do was cause kiene any embarrassment among the other anointed initiates , though he was n't sure why he even cared about that .
as though it was the most important thing in the world , jake twisted after it , scrabbling on all fours across the carpet .
good , because the last thing cael wanted was more anointeds around to muck things up .
and , you see , that 's what i means about those special qualities of a leader : that ability to place yourself above the mind and deed of the mobto take the overview , and see things at large .
as if that were a small thing !
but the odd thing which caught me attention , was the way he waved me correspondence as he talkedand the two men looked at it .
but one thing detained usthe one thing that remained undone : the requisite address to the people , from the captain .
but one thing detained usthe one thing that remained undone : the requisite address to the people , from the captain .
' twasafter allnot a mere sexual thing ; she could have had her pick of many younger , far more handsome , studs than me .
one thing was certain ; my memory was only getting worse .
nothing , not a damned thing .
good , i ' m sure that thing is important .
hell , he d prepared the name long before , as the whole roommate thing had gone part - and - parcel with asking ed to help jeremy become a supervillain .
first thing , though you get to have some private time with the big man himself .
next thing i knew , the red army soldiers backed off and ran the opposite way , and we continued through the hall .
i could see various skirmishes around me , but everything was a bluri was focused on one thing .
either way , one thing is for suremy life is about to end .
the important thing was that her son would have a livelihood .
` ` does n't mean a thing to me .
` ` well , for one thing , you said it backwards .
one thing , edgar vowed as he walked down the driveway .
of course , the disgusting things could just leap into the air with their warped chi'karda - melded wings , but she 'd deal with one thing at a time .
he put the whole thing into his right pocket .
i daresay , i almost feel tempted to abandon the whole thing .
but one thing was for certain : every one of those alterants ' soulikens had traveled to and collected within the body of the one remaining atticus who had lived in reality prime .
` ` and one more thing , '' she said .
after everything that has happened , the abominations you created are the only thing you 're worried about ?
his family was the most important thing to him right now , and he needed to make sure they were safe .
things were still wrong with the world , but at least he was in a different place .
i worried about the same thing , said khavi , seeming very pleased .
as we followed our quarry through the underworld tunnels , one thing became clear .
they have assassins , you know . , for that sort of thing .
next thing you know , were chasing you all over europe .
getting to the deeps is no big thing .
the last thing he showed me was a close - up view of a patch of moss growing in the crook of a tree branch , broken up into dozens of smaller pictures like a mosaic .
and the big thing is , were safe .
just a few months ago , the only thing on her mind was how to get to the beach party on friday night .
you know what he is and that s the most important thing .
i liked it , and the only thing i regret is that i did nt get to put my old granny on the altar in there .
that is one thing i would like to knowwhether or not he is to satisfy his promise to my daughter .
learning to use a sword was just one thing .
she would start off slow with him , but the thing that frightened her most was her father finding out about her and basha dating each other after she had just broken up with hastin .
as a priestess , it was unlikely that kind of thing had ever come up before .
while everything seemed uncertain , there was one thing she could not doubthis resolve .
the last thing she could recall was being on the dock with the major and his men ... then ... then ... . with a breathy scream , ki tried to clutch at her chest .
it was just one more thing to confuse him and ryouga hated being confused .
i tend to focus too tightly on one thing at a time .
oh , one more thing , sis , he added , holding her at arms length .
but akane had thought of one more thing .
this was the only thing that still made liv nervous .
one thing was obvious ; mark was used to getting his way , and he would do whatever it took to make sure that he did .
one thing was for certain , if they still happened to be standing there when i walked out , one of them would end up being dinner .
his actions spoke loudly about the only thing on his mind .
one thing i was wondering though , where do they conduct research for a cure to the lycanthropy disease and how is that research progressing ?
one thing was for certain , they were coming .
' well , for one thing , you come from the most respectable family in all of noras .
there is one thing in which all these folks agree , that there are no conjurers ! '
in the end , when their tempers have cooled and they look upon their tiff with sober reason , they laugh to think how silly it was to make so much over such a trivial thing .
it 's another thing altogether !
that 's another thing i want to talk to you about .
i know that you know that this is more of a business thing .
i imagine that tino was a very smart and courageous person to handle such a thing .
is the car thing kind of scary ?
that 's the only thing that 's ever mattered to me until i met you -- and then i thought , hey , this guy 's really cool .
the unbelievably heart - wrenching dramatic story of the little wooden stool was true , and valid , and honest , and it could quite possibly surface like a phoenix from the ashes , and teach lessons , inspire art , or maybe , just somehow , make some little things change , or make a few people different .
one thing is certain , a family divided can not stand as strongly as one united .
eager to change the subject to more pleasant things , echo mentioned ayden green .
he was stirring the crowd in the direction of doubt , and he had mentioned the one thing echo did nt want to have to think about -- the moment shed have to face belzac .
one thing was certain , the man had imagination .
the justice department has a branch of agents who handle these things .
things were falling into place , and nolan could nt be happier .
as soon as he saw the blood , he could only thing on drinking it , on tasting that divine red fluid .
tyhreb nodded to himself with one less thing to worry about .
they sat in comfort and spoke of simple things while the sky deepened in shade and the clouds varied in hues ; pink , orange , violet , and finally relenting to grey .
as she came to join him in bed , brody said , ` ` oh , hey , there was one more thing . ''
he thought it might do her well to relearn her place in the scheme of things .
i came here to live a simple life and start fresh , and the next thing i know , we ' ve got all of peter pan 's freaky alien friends inviting themselves into our lives ! ''
one thing the couple agreed upon was liadan herself .
` ` no , not really - i suppose it 's more of just a nature type thing , like . ''
kate 's inhibitions and self - doubts , at least around brody , had become a thing of the past .
before i could turn around and reach for the door handle , the whole thing was snapped from me in enormous gust .
there was one more thing i had to do .
you ca nt be seriously thinking about that archaeology thing ?
did you take care of that other thing ?
well , we wo nt have to worry about this thing for the foreseeable future .
` ` uh , one more thing . ''
it was a slight thing , and hardly noticeable unless one was looking closely .
one thing was certain : he would n't be leaning next week 's loaded boot trick anytime soon .
things settled down and lee king filled j in on the nat - king coleslaw company 's hydroponic experiments for growing vegetables .
these things are pretty sweet , its like they are impenetrable or something !
as they approached , another thing caught their attention .
it was noon and the boys seemed to have everything they now needed to break their friend out of the town jail , except for one critical thing .
but the sheriff had one more thing .
well one thing 's for sure .
one thing morgan .
he focused carefully on the trees and things became more clear .
there was a tug at his feet and the next thing grimey knew he was swept into the boiling sea .
one thing lad .
` ` that 's an age thing , '' serena says .
and the next thing i know you re trying to incite me to revolution with all your blithering , blathering talk .
the problem is that individuals within a corporation become part of a faceless collective and any sense of personal morality or responsibility gets covered by the all - consuming whitewash of the corporate raison dtre , which is that profit is the only thing that matters and it must be made at any expense .
humvat was especially happy , for incredibly not a single thing had gone wrong .
jealousy nipped at altea , but starting today she no longer needed to swoop in and fix every little thing .
thal was still thinking about the same thing as he continued to analyze his advantages .
the only thing on his mind was molly and getting her naked .
besides , that s not the important thing right now .
it would be night soon , and the last thing she wanted to do was trek through the roughest part of the great western forest in the dark , but she could not have stayed with her aunt for another second , could not listen to another word .
if he had known this back in liandrin or even wildern on orm that would have been one thing , but now he was stuck .
how could he have made such a complete mess of every truly important thing in his life ?
he turned to go then thought of one last thing .
well probably have a good laugh about the whole thing .
the only thing he could think about was that knife , and he pushed himself against the wall at his back to maximize the distance between himself and its sparkling point .
if i were n't so hungry , i d throw the whole thing out . ''
the only thing she could decide was that she and dasen had to get out of there .
by the order , even the camp is falling apart , jaret cursed and made a mental note of one more thing needing his attention .
two thing .
the only thing that still confused him was how the invaders would know who he was , much less why they would expend such effort to capture him .
she could only hope that the invaders had better things to occupy their attention and that she had done enough to confuse anyone ( or thing ) that was still searching .
he could see the forest as a whole , not one tree , branch , bush , or rock at a time , but the whole thing .
well , that s one thing well fix when we get to a city .
sitting in the forest masters camp , the only thing i could think about was you .
an apology to the darthur is a very significant thing , he said .
there is one more thing to attend to before we return to the festivities .
it added a spice to his everyday living to think of such things .
apparently wren had agreed to marry the once - fairy in exchange for her aid , but nolan wondered if he had even thought the whole thing through .
` ` so it 's an infinity sort of thing ? ''
so , what 's your thing ?
so what 's your thing ?
` ` and that brings us to the second thing i need to talk to you about which is a lot harder . ''
` ` oh , sure , by a cross sum , if you take that kind of thing into account . ''
going on about deer and a newsletter did nt hide a thing .
ironic that such a small thing changed his life so much .
there was a metallic sound and he took out his sword and the next thing she saw the woman fell to the ground , dead .
the last thing he wanted was for her to run off to damius as she had done once .
the important thing was that now he knew where he was , sort of , and that he had a mission .
one thing , talon , he remarked as he turned and looked at the man .
i supposed i should not have mentioned the spartan thing , though it was so self - evident that not to have said anything would have been foolish .
whatever you are doing , playing a game , say , becomes the most important thing in the world to you .
which is the only thing you should be worried about , right ?
i was positive i had nt overlooked a single thing .
by the closeness of his low voice , he was nt fooling about the distance thing .
i still only cared about one thing .
though one thing she did note was that the front gate was unlocked .
oh , just your typical sort of thing , he said , tugging gloves on over his hands before opening the door , letting the bright outdoor light stream in .
that dashing beast of a man looked relatively unperturbed by the whole thing .
any little thing could set him off , she understood , but pacing only bred her thoughts and the embarrassment .
shed never thought on such things , for vampires were a thing of legend , not one of the dark denizens of the world she had experience with .
there is more thing , olav said .
that is hard for a mother to say , but the most important thing is that you succeed as the great sentinor .
no , the only thing i desire is to come and serve you , so i can be with this woman here , he said , pulling ailia by the arm .
she desperately wanted more , but she knew all too well that they had other things that needed to come firstmoving to a safer place being the most important .
for one thing , the law demanded that tom do so , and for another , as far as she knew , he had always followed correct protocol .
you letting a little thing like a bullet keep you from saving this human here ?
there s one more thing we need to do .
not a damned thing !
he was out of the chair in a single movement , his hands on her arms the only thing that prevented her from toppling over .
shed already figured that out , but it was nt the main thing on her mind at the moment .
but the most interesting thing was that the man felt like mr . morgan did .
come here , sweet thing .
the medicine was the important thing .
come , there is one more thing i wish you to see before you leave .
i was n't ready to give up on the tattoo thing quite yet , though .
that was the last thing i wanted stephanie michaelson to see , to pass on to tewsbu .
` ` drew makes the whole thing seem almost normal . ''
she and i wanted to talk about the whole man - love thing , with romeo and mercutio .
but jennifer was obviously pretty invested in this whole thing .
for one thing , where did howie think he was going to sleep ?
whatever he did or did nt believe , one thing was certain ; he would have to watch jake closely .
one thing was certain , if willy did nt buy groceries there would be nothing on this ship to eat .
just another thing he did nt quite understand in this century .
before she could think clearly and form her thoughts she blurted out the thing that had been plaguing her since sam had mentioned it , are you having an affair ?
the last thing he had ever wanted to do was to hurt her again .
the only thing on her mind right now was getting pelican and taking her back to the safety of her ship .
the one thing that really puzzled them was that he 'd heard alu mention pele castle , but jai did n't know within what context .
this is another thing you 'll have to trust me about . ''
he was taken aback by one thing , though , for he had previous experience working with the elvin warriors and needed clarification .
it might take a day , maybe a week , but one thing was already a foregone conclusion ; with an elvin in the castle the queens reign would soon end .
after entering he asked with hand - gestures if a few friends could also come inside , we grunted yes , and the next thing you know were up to our necks with those burdensome creatures .
one thing which was decided , though , was the elvin were prepared for battle while the elfin for hoping for peace .
okay , i guess the first thing i need to know is your name .
with blight in the hands of the elvin , even if they were only protecting him , things had definitely taken a different turn .
he d become aware of another thing also .
eventually , though , it always comes down to one thing ; how far are they willing to go ?
and just one last thing : you re not hiding from anyone here are you ?
next thing i knew , he opened his mouth and projected a gush of vomit so intense , that it would have given that kid , regan , from the exorcist movie a run for her money .
the only thing that was on my mind was the fact the hottest man i d ever seen was talking to me .
the next thing i knew , he pulled out what looked like a syringe and quickly plunged it into my arm .
i am aware of these things , rose answered , pursing her lips and then biting the lower one as she turned away from him briefly .
this was not a thing he had taken lightly and he needed her to understand it .
one thing is evident , he said , that if i am in this apartment to be subjected to these annoyances , i shall get no rest , which will soon exhaust me .
the first thing , then , was to locate the lake of the sun on the smoke - hidden surface of the planet beneath us .
but one thing was first necessary to be done .
and , moreover , there was one thing which staggered some people of better education and maturer judgments , and that was , that the more they took pains to inquire into the matter , in order , if possible , to put an end to what they considered a gross lie from the commencement , the more evidence they found to stagger their own senses upon the subject .
the wind moaned , obscuring the noises so they were impossible to identify , but one thing was certain .
but just one thing .
there was one thing which gave some of us considerable misgiving , and that was the question whether , after all , the language the professor was acquiring was really the girls own tongue or one that she had learned from the martians .
the one thing that we had particularly to bear in mind was the absolute necessity of making no noise .
shouted mr . edison , you may set the whole thing wrong .
life had narrowed down to one damn thing after another .
and that was nt the only thing she found impossible to stop thinking about .
stir answered : then will i talk the thing over with my friends , and take counsel with them how i shall answer this .
then thorolf liked matters a great deal worse than before , and laid the whole thing on ulfar , and said he should feel him therefor .
think whatso true thou wilt , said arnkel , but as things stand , no strife will i have with snorri for the wood .
it 's a good thing i never tried to hide his heritage by using color on his hair , or else he might have gotten away !
he still wore the silver braid of a seeker another thing she did n't bring up .
` ` this should work ... one more thing . ''
why fool himself into thinking a beautiful young thing like her would stick around ?
one of them hit me in the head , and the next thing i knew , brock was waking me up .
said kipril , as the boy was adjusting the straps on his runners harness , there is one other thing i must ask before i risk your life on this fool quest .
this is a grave thing you ask , said the elder in concern .
he went back to his game and tried to play it through but there was one thing that kept on nagging at him - the electricity .
do not , i implore , hint at such a thing before these kind friends of mine .
its not an everyday thing .
this is not the time or place to discuss these things , alyssa .
now about the other special thing , inkas .
the important thing is that she did it with panache , hunor said .
and for another thing perhaps you should focus on one of your famed escape plans rather than idiotic speculation about what you think , erroneously i shall emphasise a last time , is going on in my patronage of emelia .
the tobacco thing was part of it ?
no , he said , the tobacco thing is my primary crutch .
the next thing i was aware of was looking up at my mother .
but if there is one thing you should keep in mind , be honest with yourself .
one thing was sure though ; benny would care .
i m telling you one more time , he said to selena , let it go and forget the whole thing .
i think you ll find its not too expensive a thing to sort out .
and at that point in my life it seemed the only thing worth pursuing that meant something .
they 're more of an ' about town ' thing .
oh , one more thing : do nt ever tell anybody about this .
one more thing , said the she .
oh , one more thing , glute .
i have one more thing to discuss with mr . elf .
just one more thing again the white light glowed brightly in the darkness and again the delicate female hand emerged and touched nudge on the forehead .
oh , another thing , do nt bring the same instrument .
the first thing to be decided is whether ye lost your ancestors or they lost ye ?
well , for one thing ; men stand a head taller , and it looks to me that ye will be taller than any goblin i ve seen , even taller than krage who be as tall as a man .
one more thing , alrik says the queen mothers have chosen a military general to lead their army , a renegade commander named ghad samraet .
the only thing that matters to him is the fate of his goblin people .
one more thing , alrik adds , there is an ancient corpse lying in the corner of the cavern .
the thing that worried enzi was that the orcs had fought to the death .
they took care of things while devis was busy handling the things outside of the country .
they took care of things while devis was busy handling the things outside of the country .
well , cannibals always did spice things up , did n't they ?
it was a timeless place , certainly , where people always had things to attend to , at all hours of day .
at last deciding it had to be real , because it explained so many things in his own world , things that all led to the edge of darkness , a book seemingly the root of all evil .
whatever was out there its motives were as uncertain as the dark world they lived in , and he knew only one thing for sure , he was much too close to that book to stop now .
she added , there s just one more thing .
human or not , in the end the only thing that mattered was , why are they doing this ?
one more thing i would like to know , lamla : what is the greater purpose of the mission ?
the voice echoed all around lamla , one more thing .
it is a necessary thing , beyond my control .
but first thing , you probably do nt need to tell anyone but me who you really are .
there is one more thing we need you to do .
anyway , to get to the first thing on the agenda - the second thing on the agenda is the conquest of a fortified city , which will be executed by subterfuge and cunning - but the first thing on the agenda is simply getting to this walled city - and this involves hiking across 500 miles of lowland country , and then crossing 50 miles of high mountains .
anyway , to get to the first thing on the agenda - the second thing on the agenda is the conquest of a fortified city , which will be executed by subterfuge and cunning - but the first thing on the agenda is simply getting to this walled city - and this involves hiking across 500 miles of lowland country , and then crossing 50 miles of high mountains .
you do n't have to howl too loudly - you could whisper your howl if you wanted to - i suppose a clever person could find a way to whisper a howl - but the important thing is to howl in your own unique and individualized way .
at any rate , they seem to have been amenable to the whole thing .
he just wished that she might apply some of her beloved logic and realize that not all men engaged in that sort of thing .
not a thing , i answered with an easy smile .
why did it feel like knowing him was the most important thing in my life ?
wait , one thing .
another thing he did nt feel the need to divulge .
saturday was always a good day to hit up the tourists , so shed have to take care of this dream thing early .
she had known there would be , but it was one thing to think about them , and quite another to hear them .
everything pleased him , he should say , except one thing .
he had done many things in his time , amazing things , terrible things , wonderful things , but opening the door was always the most important thing .
he did nt care about that kind of thing anymore .
the most important thing was escape .
` ` for one example , '' said the ape , ` ` a thing some folks besides myself are wondering is just a little personal , i guess .
` ` one thing we do n't completely understand is where the water drained to , afterward .
this was of no consequence to helgje , because he had lost interest in the whole thing ( elsa , her pregnancies ) anyway .
this morning , as the muffins baked , she took a quick stroll about her herb garden , and when she returned the familiar aroma hung peacefully about the kitchen , reminding her of days when things were less complicated , and life was effortless .
they just know that sort of thing .
be sure to , or next thing you know they ll be sending you to school .
{ no , one final thing .
nicolas felt rather foolish talking to a tree , but after all , he knew that oz was full of stranger things than this .
the only thing that kept them moving .
oh yes , said fryx , but one more thing before we begin .
it seems there are some things the grand sage requires me to fix .
it is as likely a way to preserve their honor as it is to encourage the other nobles of callaston to forget the whole thing and move on .
you must leave , first thing in the morning .
your majesty , forgive me , but there is one last thing .
another thing to ask her about privately .
there is one other thing i must insist upon .
amiras dress was not split for riding , but propriety was the last thing on her mind .
she and dardan argued all the time , but it was always to do with the schoollogistics , planning , that sort of thing .
sonya , you can work on the story , but i want you behind the scenes on this thing .
i suppose when you saw a man rip apart a spirit from the underworld for you , then you pretty much trusted his word when it came to this sort of thing .
it was one thing to like her ; it was something else entirely to lead her on a hunt .
one little thing , and your done and we can go home .
next thing i know i am in a swamp .
i usually have a good eye for that type of thing .
though there was one thing i had to do .
uh , one more thing .
people get fanatical about this sort of thing .
it was a good thing i did n't give details .
making them account for every little thing , but humans get away with a signature that 's shredded in six months .
at least burly was correct about one thing , roberts was nt going to kill her .
but there 's one thing for sure and maybe i am losing my mind , but this really did turn out to be a bad holiday in witch town .
` ` and that 's another thing , what about your birthday .
it has no bearing on how thing are now . ''
it 's not like we have to take this whole marriage thing seriously .
going off to find rebecca 's original spiritheart was one thing , but how far away was it and how were they going to get there .
but despite the chaos , only one thing was important to him .
one thing was for sure though , just this once she and grace were in complete agreement .
despite everything , this seemed the most important thing of all in that moment .
already , before she had arrived at this place and stopped to mull things over , she had walked past a number of police officers and debated with herself about blurting out the whole bizarre story .
i thought it was a ladies only thing .
i know he is a man of great understanding for one thing .
yet , mysterious things were taking place within the heart of the boy being anointed .
that is most important , for , after that , it is a free run and , as a rule , all things fall into place with ease !
his supremacy remained more anxious about this matter than any other thing taking place on the face of the whole earth .
at last he could stand it no longer and stood up with one thing on his mind .
yet , one thing is certain , it is a matter for which they must wait for the voice of god .
` ` please suffer with me , as i inquire of you this one thing .
` ` one thing more , sire ! ''
well , that entire affair was a thing of its own , too , but , alas , it was he who placed the pendant in my hand and bid me to keep it as a treasured object forever !
the animals outside the window grazing on the dew moistened grass should all have ceased movement and all things ought to have surely hung upon the destiny of this man that meant more than life to her .
i know he 's a prophet of the lord god and that is a sacred thing which i respect very much , but it still does n't mean that he is infallible !
for in all of these things he shall foreshadow great events which shall take place in the latter days when the order of all things has been changed forever . ` `
for in all of these things he shall foreshadow great events which shall take place in the latter days when the order of all things has been changed forever . ` `
another is a vivid and complex imagination , a thing that bridges our mind with things spiritual and serves to give us a glimpse of things which may not be visible but which are , nonetheless , real .
um , one more thing , though i was just wondering , did your dad have any special abilities ?
the next thing i knew , the attic began to light up and there was a whirlwind of movement all around .
the next thing i knew , the wand began to glow and i soon found myself in a dark library .
the next thing i knew , we were inside the large colonial mansion , in one of the hallways .
it really is nt my thing anyway .
that was one less thing i had to worry about .
the next thing i knew he turned around and was gone .
the next thing i know she was running up the stairs gagging .
the next thing i knew he was striking out at the zombies with his feet and hands , sending them crashing to the pavement .
the next thing i knew , kristie punched the gas on the suv , crushing the three under her oversized goodyear tires .
i was in a little bit of a huff , but i wanted to get this over with so i could get the next thing over with .
he feels guilty because he thinks she died or something , back in the early 1900s , and the only thing he cares about is giving her spiritual successor a chance at freedom .
i also carried a knife strapped to my calf on his recommendation , but that was another thing i was nt likely to mention to the squeamish kat especially , nor scott .
it was a pretty big thing , you know .
the only thing between it and everyone right now is your brothers jacket .
but one thing is for sure : you can not go back to that school .
the last thing she had wanted was to lose his trust , though shed known it was a consequence from the start .
one more thing - - how did you get in the store without setting off the security system ?
oh well , the important thing was that they survived the ordeal and saved everyone at the magic kingdom .
sort of in a proph'cy type of thing , you know . '
and , anyway , once i reclaim my rightful place in the pantheon of the gods , i 'll introduce the old bugger to the real things !
second sight , that sort of thing , you know .
we do , of course , have a plan to rescue him , but , you see old boy , it hinges on just one thing . '
besides , you forget one thing - our lupine friends .
' just one thing , mr pants ; i ' m intrigued to know what the ' t ' stands for . '
' just one more thing , ' said robin .
who treated that sort of thing ? '
the other thing that was immediately apparent was that there were more parrots within the inn than in a rainforest , and that the avian vocabulary was invariably ... colourful .
' oh , and one more thing , ' said victor .
' there 's just one other thing , ' anyx said , scrambling to his feet .
just one more thing , jackson said , pulling the contract back just before paris could touch it .
but paris had one thing he wanted to do before he let sleep take him .
i refused to die of a little thing like exposure .
i read and relaxed for the first time since this whole thing began , and kennan moved around the cabin getting things ready .
then there is the other small thing .
that sort of thing ?
fine , but let me be absolutely clear on one thing .
` ` nona , '' he sighed , ` ` you didn't- '' she put an even broader faux smile across her face , ` ` i ' m sorry , men , but i have womanly things at home that need tending .
` ` everyone , grab up your supplies- '' ` ` wait - there 's one more thing , '' the lookout said , panting as he was still trying to catch his breath .
she looked at him thoughtfully , ` ` but i think that is not the only thing that bothers you . ''
most things wo nt , but that thing in that library had help .
but thankfully both versions agree on one thing ; when the porcelain princess had curiously run her fingers across the porcelain pot , she had felt a connection , a tingling of life .
and the old man had to do what he did , in pushing things along and nudging people into the right place , so that the opportunity could unfold as it was meant to do .
one more thing , smidge , do you consider me to be a man , the type of man who could be a husband and a father ?
he thought it was too soon , for one thing , and he did not want to keep arguing with basha forever , when they did have to get going before night fall , because he did not want to spend any more time near the place where sir nickleby was killed .
he knew that menthar must be in the forest , when fire was menthars way of dealing with things , but when he heard milas cry , he realized that something must be wrong .
next thing you know , we might be wishing for the moon to come down .
iibala did nt have a clue what she would do if it was up to her to protect basha from doombas minions , but for one thing , she would nt do what the old man and nisa were doing !
oh , and there s one more thing i forgot to mention , fato said , staring down at them as the argument ended , before he stopped to think for a moment .
for one thing , he was miles away from coe aela already with no clue as to how to get back , and he was afraid of getting killed out here by himself , due to savage men and animals , or due to his own carelessness , lost for days out in the cold without food and water .
for one thing , he did nt have to , when he was at least guaranteed some security in life as one of baron augwyss sons .
for another thing , he had already embarrassed himself once or twice trying to take a stand for what he believed in , and degrade basha and oaka in the process , and what had that led to in the end ?
no , wait , there was one thing .
the other thing that she failed to notice was that there was often someone else in the chapel with her when she went to meditate .
the last thing i remember was being surrounded by the riders and - , she did not finish her statement .
i am all set , just looking forward to the time when we can sit down and hash this entire thing out .
let us get out of this ruined place and take care of the things that need to be taken care of .
things will fall into place , i promise .
that s one thing i do not want to be in the middle of .
well , he received a call letting him know a few things that were going on in this area .
we need not convene a council over such a thing .
there was really only one last thing to check .
the only thing left to do now was remove himself from the castle to make certain that no suspicion could fall on him , and then return to execute count maddock .
that was another thing that could change , of course .
he loved dear fortune , but her anger was not a thing with which he cared to trifle , and there was no question that her anger would burn with the heat of molten lava over this .
even that small amount of work turned his left arm numb , but he wanted one more thing before tending the wound .
one more thing , before you go .
the next thing i remember was standing in the middle of the stinking remains .
his eyes went wide , mouth quivering , the hard thing against my thigh went soft .
the next thing i knew , the phone was ringing and glorious sunlight streamed in through the front windows .
i glossed over a lot of the details of the fight , but one thing jumped around for aurum like a wounded antelope to a lazy lion .
a vampire bite is of necessity a small thing .
you forget one other thing .
there is another thing , my lady , that you should know .
` ` wellsir , i did n't wan na be rude and stare , so i come back to my stool to wait , and the next thing i know the muscleman 's ass is sliding off the bar , onto the floor , and wondering why his hem'roids are in his mouth .
she kicks out joanne , a perfectly good fuck , and next thing i know she 's moved in ! ''
she looked good walking ; if one thing was for sure , she looked damn good .
` ` it 's not your thing ?
it was one thing to draw someone 's energy over a period of time .
maybe it was better to forget the whole thing .
not that i mind you taking your dress off , but there 's a time and a place for these things ... '' jake stood watching her , speechless .
` ` just one thing , '' luis said , ` ` if you make it out of here and i do n't , find joseph for me .
the next thing scarlett heard was a muffled male voice .
there was only one other thing that looked like they were working on besides finding me a way home .
you will speak gently and smile and talk about things like the weather and if the crops will be good this year and how to sew seed pearls and sparkles onto fancy dresses .
too long had the drow relied on secrecy and stealth , it was one thing to make a party disappear , that could be explained in many ways , but to let someone survive , this was folly .
the beard was a thing of pride and position for a dwarf and usually determined his status in dwarven society and king thorvaldr had the finest beard of them all .
the only thing that is open for discussion is if you will join me or remain here , tremain said with as much finality in his voice as he could muster .
for one thing , does nt it seem strange that after living near the village for so many years , it would suddenly one day , for no apparent reason , decide to kill a maid and burn down half the village ?
maidens taste especially sweet first thing in the morning .
well , the important thing is that she s returned to us safely , said father , dropping his hands and turning towards his wife .
there is one more thing we need to discuss , my sweet .
and more thing !
one thing was certain , the question she did nt want to answer would have to be answered and elvora hoped her husband would not be there when that time came .
then you have time for one more thing .
the last thing he wished to do was force him to leave , if he could only convince him of the futility of staying .
the conclave of elders had been summoned to discuss the situation , but donacora knew that it would become a war council , for it was obvious that the only thing left to discuss was an impending attack .
but there 's one thing . ''
find out what the morflon are up to and report back to this court as soon as you get any vital information ... one more thing , find my brother 's killer and bring him to me alive .
i mean it 's not that i am ungrateful ... but , one thing has been on my mind for quite a while ...
but one thing is for certain , it is not merely a coincidence that you were brought here .
' it is a good thing he is not here to make that decision .
one thing though was still on my mind ; what was their plan ?
' things would only get worse if we do not nip it in the bud now . '
' i loved going for battles , but anytime i went , one thing was always on my mind , burning my chest - my family .
i thought about them day and night , wondering how they were faring without me ... sometimes i still do ... but one thing kept me going . '
only one thing was on his mind - revenge .
jorran knew his brother was uncomfortable about the whole thing .
however , there was one thing on her mind , like iron hands , heavier than even her suspicions towards orin .
she had nt really ever believed in anything before , except maybe santa claus when she was five , but now this quest was the only thing that made sense .
the only thing we need to worry about is to keep our village secret and not let the soldiers or humans find us !
that is the most important thing now , all that matters .
the original thing i wanted to talk about , he said .
there was still a tickle in the back of his mind , some nagging sensation that there was an important thing he d forgotten .
but still , the water thing frustrated her to no end .
i give in , though , laughing my head off over the entire thing .
like if i was being chased , i could obscure the first or second step of a stairway , and the next thing anybody knows they ll be falling .
almost , because around midday things had started to go very pear shaped indeed .
because at that moment only one thing could capture her attention .
she did n't like the idea of overreacting to any little thing ; she hated drama .
but only one thing mattered .
not so fast , mr , you have left one thing out .
there was only one thing they could be talking about .
it really would n't be my thing .
oh , sorry , of course , it 's not your thing , is it ?
if things are to go wrong , they are likely to explode , not assume the shape of fruit , brick pointed out matter - of - factly .
that 's another thing i ' ve been thinking about , you are nt going to wear your leather jacket , are you ?
a little thing like a broken leg wo nt stop him for long .
it was the other thing that worried him though , the first statement archilaus had made .
priam thought that meant shed found a way to defy him , at least in that one thing .
greeks have not raided here for a generation , and you ve told my emissaries that stealing our women is a thing of the past , not to be concerned over anymore .
it could be any town on any island in the aegean , except for one thing .
things were starting to fall into place and the cryptic rushed words with his uncle had supported his conjectures and confirmed his worst fears .
she closed her eyes for a moment and the next thing she knew adley was gently shaking her arm .
that sort of thing makes an enormous difference to the way people think about things .
the other thing i find difficult is the skral obsession with war .
every skral was presented with his own set as a sign of becoming an adult , and a mans eating knife was a deeply personal thing on several levels .
it had caused a certain amount of consternation when the refugees had first started arriving and the skral had discovered them to be knifeless , but after some consultation and a deal of negotiation , craftsmen among the outlanders had been given the materials with which to fashion the appropriate number of eating irons , and the whole thing had been resolved with more bafflement than fuss .
yes , and he was very dismissive of the whole thing !
there was one other thing .
the shipspirits guided maran , and his acceptance of that sacrifice was the only thing that stood between the ice lord and his domination of the world .
before he attempted sleep , he thought to mention one last thing .
its the only thing he s positive about , grisch replied , joining merran at the battlement .
` ` another thing to ask amaryllis about . ''
but there was one thing the king had not accounted for .
one thing had him puzzled though , they had seen no peasants , no farmers in the fields and no travellers on the roads .
but there was one thing of which he was sure , this sword , these people , and this young girl were not paupers .
one thing was sure , it was not of this land , the stories he had never heard and the quality of the writing and the paper was far beyond anything he had ever seen in islabad .
there is one more thing , it might be nothing , but there is a small group camped on the ridge to the right up against the forest .
the only thing that concerned her was that they had to leave the horses behind .
there is one more thing we should talk about .
but there was one thing that had always puzzled them how had the queen escaped ?
another thing you must remember azul is the amount of power conjured up depends on how much emotion is behind the spell .
things just seemed a little out of place not having alura around to keep me on my toes .
well , for one thing , she s connected to all the satellites orbiting the earth and retrofitted all the keob technology to track the dark .
there is one more thing to consider .
one more thing , my client wants to know if you would recommend being a customer of the magical herbs shoppe .
the only thing i know for certain is that it felt pain , and if it feels pain , it probably could be killed .
cosmetics and giggling women plastering their faces with petroleum byproducts is simply not my thing .
before i could figure out how to counter attack i felt a cold jab in my side and the next thing i know the room seemed to be spinning .
the important thing is that we all arrive on time .
the most important thing to hector right now , i pondered .
that was one thing i had forgotten to ask .
a few minutes ago i had been asleep in bed and the next thing i knew kirken was a different species ?
he needed somewhere to hide and think about things and , as evening approached , he thought of a place and made his way to the old well that stood , outside of the town , at the crossroads where the roads to the harbour , lake and beer hall met .
the important thing is that you stay quiet and listen !
one more thing , phillips said , tell your friend that nothing can ever happen between him and the governor .
he was also wrong about another thing ; it was not over yet .
one thing was certain though ; sam and lillian had purposely decided to ignore the seventh sacred law .
briksan could nt keep track of their different expressions , but one thing was certain .
its pretty funny how a simple thing like dna could play into your destiny , that a simple drop of blood could predict your fate .
ranting and raving , my emotions went haywire and the next thing i knew , i was standing on a street , in an unknown town , in the middle of the night .
only focus on one thing at a time .
why the hell would i find the whole thing so amusing ?
adrenalin spiking , we went at it full force , me handling the whole thing like i had been doing it for years .
the next thing i knew , someone came running past me and jumped off .
the next thing i knew , three vampires were riding on tree roots ripping out of the ground .
sliding my fingers through his hair , my mind zoomed in on one thing .
nothing happened , so i resorted to the last thing .
the next thing i knew , two other guys were grabbing me and holding me down against the floor .
the next thing i knew , something snorted on my left and rammed into the bars .
well , i want the real thing .
okay , first thing , i need a charm or i go insane and start killing people and in return have to be put down .
i m quite pleased with the whole thing .
i did nt think there was any doubt about that sort of thing .
aleria , even back in your fathers mansion in the capital , your safety was only a relative thing .
first thing , there was no sense staying near the falls .
oh , yes , there was one more thing .
the important thing to consider is what are you going to do about him ?
if you do nt mind , i think we d best not talk about that sort of thing .
your ruthless reputation for nipping these things in the bud before they bloom would appear to be somewhat awry at present .
plus , if this ritual was in some bizarre way accepted in this reality he was in danger of exposing himself as an outsider , and the last thing he wanted was any kind of brush with the authorities , particularly if this is how they dealt with overdrafts .
oh , one more thing , saffy , tikky said , as they were carried into the carriage , are we still to meet with you know who ?
oh , one more thing , he said , turning back to maurice .
first thing in the morning is fine by us , is nt that so , mr pong ?
oh , general , one last thing before we depart , the baron said , as he stepped onto the carriage steps .
but one thing is for certain , we ve got to convince the band that , irrespective of the queens untimely abduction , they must travel to chester for the music tournament , and they must go in ethel .
one thing were not sure of , though , is if all the events outlined in this section of the prophecy are actually in the same time line , theo said .
by all accounts they have a present for me , and i m a little giddy about the whole thing !
if you re doubtful about the reaction of the family then that s the most trivial thing you re focusing on .
its a good thing he himself has brought the subject of his enmity that he projected in his paper against duato .
its too personal a thing .
the whole thing has me in such a good mood , that i do not even pause to ponder over how gay , pun intended , i am being .
the next thing i know , a harsh force collides with my chest and i end up banging my back against the door behind me , making it clang noisily .
the last thing is something that even the council does nt know about .
out of everything we have discussed since aakirs arrival , this is the thing that s occupying his mind ?
though there is one thing particularly bothering me .
the matter of my arm is a different thing .
neal , i just want to clear out one thing .
hardly a grunt leaves my lips before the pressure on my back doubles and the next thing i know , i am falling face first on the grass , landing solidly on my injured arm .
but something , something happens because the next thing i know there are coinciding horrific shouts throughout the therians gathered around .
i promise , i wo nt report on a single thing until you tell me its okay .
there s just one thing , she said with a wry smile .
maybe he wanted to take my place and run things like i do .
the good thing was that i had homework to keep my mind off things .
not like a date thing , i repeated exasperatedly , when at least ten girls glared at amanda enviously .
and he touched a nerve with the whole hand thing , did you see him ?
i d rather just forget the whole thing , i thought miserably , though i sat and listened to ron on his bed .
ok , the big thing is the voice , ok ?
the big thing is the voice , ok ?
the next thing you know , sanguini alsdair will become obsessed with you , just like ben was .
next thing you know he s going to set me on fire !
normally , cass pointed out , the dice decide that sort of thing .
matt vancil : matt , your kindness in making time to review my draft and offer your feedback is still much appreciated and deeply felt - though we must continue to cordially disagree on that whole print is dead thing : ) hope it made the flight to gen con a little more entertaining .
thinking about these things had taken yonfis mind off the butterfly , and by the time he remembered it and looked around , trying to spot it , all he could see were the purple flowers at the top of the thistles and the thickets of dried grass that reached as high as his head .
iv the first thing wixelor needed to do was learn as much as possible about the nature and the provenance of the seven black stones which , unfortunately , he could nt without leaving his island , for the amassed knowledge of dreamers was notoriously unreliable , since the reality of a dream is nearly always distorted by the underlying feelings of the dreamer .
for one thing , unlikely though it seemed that he should be the harbinger of the end , the thought of everything and everyone disappearing , of all these innumerable lives being abruptly snuffed out , filled him with sadness and fear .
and then the impossible happened : the machine started to shake , the wings moved up and down like a birds , and the wooden blades at the top began to revolve with a loud whirring and the next thing he knew , wixelor was soaring in rapid ascent , the islands torches reduced to a ring of flickering candle flames and zaepixs cries of exaltation barely reaching him .
whatever was in store for them after they washed up in the mists , they would confront in time ; for now , the important thing was they were still alive .
for one thing , and although they were secretly hoping that the rite would be abortive ( for how could they possibly manage to raise a pair of mates in a world that looked as if it were coming off at the seams ?
for one thing , he was almost certain that harfien , by far the most diligent divinator , knew about yonfi , but for some unfathomable reason had decided to keep this knowledge secret rather than share it with the king and queen , who would surely and generously reward such a display of loyalty .
oh , and one more thing , he added , stepping over and handling the worn , frayed reins to veig .
it was an act of panic meant to delay the inevitable , and yonfi did nt even think he d used such great force , and yet the next thing he knew he was catapulted backwards , flew in an arc and hit the ground painfully with his skinny bottom .
of course all these concepts were equally confusing to yodren , but one thing was certain : if what he d been raised to consider as the language of the spirits could fit inside the mind of a child of erat rin , then it was quite possible that the spirits were mere figments , and that the humpbacked little wretch speaking to him descended from his own ancestors .
for one thing , it was warm , decidedly warm , shrouding him in a sense of delight he had nt felt since that last time he d basked in the sun ; and for another , along it came an unmistakable aroma , zesty and lovely : the smell of a eucalyptus tree .
for one thing , he clearly did nt relish the prospect of baring himself in front of everybody , and he was very slow to do so , which only made the cold wind seem harsher ; and when he d finally decided to take the plunge and peel the robe off , wixelor had lost his footing and collapsed face - down in the sand , causing yonfi to explode with laughter and reaffirming yodrens apprehension .
part of it was the speed of their sailing per se , for after endless days of trudging forward they were finally making headway at a pace that did nt seem like a prelude to death ; and death , moreover , seemed for the first time to be a thing of the past , of the barrenness they d left behind not that there was the slightest evidence of life in the dull grey waters they tore through , but life is a contagion : the more animated they felt by the wind tousling their hair and stinging their cheeks , the more these things appeared as conscious , and intensely alive .
the important thing is that erat rin will still exist for many a year to come thousands of years from now , possibly , wixelor said , hoping to bring the discussion to a close .
for one thing , aside from a few instances of usefulness , ever since they d arrived in this aptly named forgotten place , yonfi had on many occasions felt like a helpless boy instead of an immortal hero , and he loathed this feeling with all his heart .
a shameful thing to be hidden away .
the reaching out became a thing all its own .
but that is not the only thing that has been bothering you all these years , is it ?
you are a young thing .
one thing for certain , she needed a new phone , and she tired of waiting to hear from charming .
the one thing that was certain in his mind was that she had made an indelible first impression on him .
but the last thing he wanted was for the evening to end .
while her immediate thirst had abated , one thing had nt ; her desire for caleb .
the only thing you need to focus on right now is coming up with a plan to stop her .
` ` hey , '' he stood up and walked over to her , ` ` i promise you that is the last thing on my mind.you , alyssa hunter , are the most amazing person i know.you 're smart , beautiful , and hilarious .
if i do n't speak low and slow when i ' m angry i ' m liable to start talking loud and fast , and then i become harsh , and next thing you know i ' m having to apologize .
but in a little while things start seeping through and a year , thereabouts , down the road , it just starts pouring in , and first thing you know you remember you were one of the pharaoh 's handmaidens ! ''
you just walk right down there , jump in , and next thing you know you 're being born all over again .
only around here , it 's just a preference thing .
hopefully biology wo nt be the only thing , she teases .
monday mornings i have to be in at ninetypicalfor what looks like it will be the most boring thing of the week : introduction to history : themes and practice .
it looks like i wo nt be spending that much time in class , and , at least for the immediate future , i will be able to focus on the most important thing : getting myself prepared to destroy a certain vampire .
the first thing is how to control the spirits so you can only contact them through the original mirror .
one more thing to take care of .
you keep track of that sort of thing ?
after a moment or two she gave in and mentioned the thing that had kept her from falling asleep at once last night .
i thought this inspection was a one - time thing .
i m not very good at keeping track of that sort of thing .
erin tried to remember , but fighting with that pig meant she did nt have time to think about that kind of thing .
kota walked back into the kitchen and opened and shut a few cupboards , just for the look of the thing .
dakota is the most important thing in my life .
i must mention to you one thing .
i had completely forgotten about the whole name thing !
may did nt notice a damn thing .
maybe you do nt need to do a damn thing with me .
any little thing had them fighting fit to bring the ceiling down .
lily shrugged , eyeing him like she dealt with this sort of thing all the time .
he d stay if she stayed , dirty and glowing , because she was pretty goddamned gorgeous like thisand he was being a pretty big wuss about the whole thing , but hey .
lily waved it off , like this was a run of the mill sort of thing , and pulled out a tasteful cream and gold card with raised blue lettering in a language neither of them could read .
were going to the cauldron tonightall of usand the last thing we need is for you to face down ragnarok going septic .
another thing that had been nagging at him : why was he having these dreams ?
i know , but this is a big thing for me .
jack was about to give a lengthy explanation as to why a barrel full of diamonds is a big thing ; but stopped , shook his head and said , never mind .
oh , i almost forgot the most important thing !
one thing was for sure , he did n't feel safe on this rim .
one final thing .
one more thing , king james said , rising from his ornately carved chair once more .
she turned the large key leon had given her in the lock , very briefly considering it would nt work and the whole thing was complex lie .
but were leaving first thing in the morning , fanchon finished for her .
though the one thing they were certain , beyond all comprehension , was that they would do it together .
one thing in particular now stood at the forefront of her mind her only concern how would she explain this to julian ?
the next thing tatiana knew , she was waking to the lulling sounds of the animals morning greetings , and she was asking herself , all that julian asked of her now .
now be it true that tiernan was remaining patient ; but there was one thing that tiernan was becoming very persistent about , and that was his desire to cross into eterna fadas .
i ai nt but one thing : scar jones .
next thing !
you are nt in my level of play for that sort of thing and it just would nt be fair .
you thought of more than one thing , though , did nt you ?
getting used to it , that was the main thing .
strong men can not break a sapodilla stick in their hands , but for ak it is a small thing .
oh , its just a little thing , he says .
some people say that this means women are weaker than men , because moon was born after the two male gods , and some say that women are more thoughtful because moon had longer to ponder things in her white plumeria flower , and so women stand aside when hot - blooded men cut each other up .
you are good enough to be his whore , that will be your place in things .
` ` there is only one more thing , and then we must go , '' said ah - puch .
` ` there is another thing , first .
it was a good thing , to wound his servants and afflict them with misery as they do us .
for most lineages building a new hut is exciting , it means marriage and growth , but for my brother these things were not certain .
` ` it is only a small thing , '' said sacnik .
there were many things i was thinking about as we created our guests place , these thoughts pulled this way and that : the three dinners and the decision i now had to make , whispers from my fading brother , the weaving of the stories i was learning , the delicacy of the divination path my uncle was teaching me , the destruction of tzak balam .
there sat the powerful men on their mats , forty was their number , sixty was their number , they sat in a circle around a large fire loudly discussing some thing .
she would often claim , when one has been pulled from the shadows , what are the trials of life but a small thing .
soon the stretch would be elbow - to - elbow , with people of various ethnic and cultural backgrounds , having one thing in mind ; i want the best item for the cheapest price .
dismissing his son , for this was not the time or place for argument of such things , he answered kayla .
i was sure that i would move things around some more when i found better places for them , but , for the moment , it was fine .
the first thing was : art .
ok , sweetheart , you re going to be fine , ok . you re doing really good vanessa , but can you do one more thing for me ?
people ran around with papers and they all seemed to be talking about one thing : the men that had broken into my dorm room .
when he saw me , he stood up and i walked over to him , knowing that i was going to have to explain this whole thing to every single one of my professors .
sarah is the one that took off ; she could have stayed and handled thing rationally but she did nt .
it was a carefully practiced skill , and relied on the fact that most people struggle to focus on more than one thing at a time .
you re the most important thing in the world to me , and not just because other folks think you re special .
look , i need to lay just this one thing on the table right now .
i make light of the whole thing .
i need to confess the speed thing or i m going to kill myself soon .
i am surprised how well my plan worked and how well jarrod took the whole thing .
there s one more thing when john opens the back garden , it has been transformed to a family outdoor dining area with an adjacent play area .
he came , day after day , and listened as she poured out her heart or they talked quietly together of many things as they walked in the summer glories of wood and meadow .
the only thing routine or usual in this house shall be that which you proclaim to be so .
there s one more thing , he said .
you re the single most important thing to me in this whole damn shell .
only one more thing to check ben surfaced from below the water , his black hair now soaking wet .
sorry and another thing !
anna : she bet me ten bucks one of you would bring up that ` ` dark fantasy genre '' thing .
` ` interior decor is not really my thing . ''
getting out is the most important thing right now . ''
` ` one thing at a time , '' she replied somewhat irritably .
` ` one thing 's pretty certain , '' isabella said .
the next thing i knew , i heard the door to my folks room slam and my mother stormed back down the hall , dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt , with a backpack thrown over her shoulder .
another thing she had questioned was the fact that one could pray and pray and pray and often it was as though god either never heard , or , if he did , he did nt care .
it was one thing dealing with my normally egotistical father , but greg and i had finally been getting along for the first time in a while .
ill do that , i replied , feeling a sense of excitement about the whole thing .
i had forgotten one important thing : curtains !
i had assumed that paul and nancy would want to be with me when i dedicated , and ran down to their apartment that friday evening to tell them i was ready , but i was surprised when paul told me that it was a really personal thing , that i would be better off doing in it alone , in private .
he nodded and said , and there s one more thing .
not one who condemns us for every little thing .
and there is one more thing you must consider .
get the rose oil from my things .
jumping through a rope to england or having a book come alive was one thing .
a small little thing like a pocket watch could be overlooked maybe , but a great big thing like a backpack ?
in all the chaos , he had forgotten the most critical thing .
another thing he could n't explain was how he 'd found this tiny , sheltered valley in the first place .
but for now the only thing that interested the boy was to find the source of this music and towards this end he began to search for the large gap he knew was present in the back wall of this complex which could lead him straight inside .
its like , it has all been fun and games before , and now things are about to get serious , observed one of the boys , as he dipped a slice of orange he had recently peeled in to his glass of vodka before taking a small bite out of the alcohol laced delicacy .
just think about what i have said to you and one more thing , please do nt go and make similar accusations against amar and shivani .
and one more thing , that boy raj is here too , he is waiting for you and meeta outside , she added .
but completely unfazed by this furor , dr . pranav banerjee was sitting in his office , composed as ever and immaculately dressed as ever , with all his mental faculties focused on one thing and one thing alone , which was to solve the rubiks cube that was presently in his hands .
i will set up a meeting with him , first thing tomorrow , the assistant was once again impressed at the cleverness of the move his employer had devised .
now have a good day young sir , and one more thing before you go , this conversation never happened .
and yes , one thing more , he has spent his adult life living in eight different cities , searching for a long lost love .
its a good thing you did not get a job after engineering , otherwise we would have never gotten to eat these yummy sandwiches .
i should have guessed , little miss oh so righteous and proper was always going to have a problem with anyone being friends with anyone she does not approve of , he said with a sardonic chuckle , the hollows of his cheeks giving a morbid quality to the whole thing .
i still was nt sure if there was a connection between the stolen orbs and i or not , however one thing remained certain , tomorrow was my day to find out , once and for all .
the stone had completely stopped dimming , i hoped tomorrow it would help me in my search once again , but the most important thing i needed to worry about at this moment , was sleep .
i tried to not think about it too much , and within a few seconds that was the last thing on my mind , as my adrenaline had begun to wear off , and the pain from my injuries began to kick in once again .
but somehow he found he could care about a little thing more than a big one .
he could nt be sure of what to say or do , but his instincts were clear on one thing : he should lie .
he remembered that coonhil had scolded him for thinking of such a thing at a desperate time .
its a good thing my father is fond of you , then , gabriel shrugged .
' there 's one thing more that you must do , mother . '
' antillus , one thing more . '
she was a pretty young thing , and pure as was required .
that isss the mossst important thing , he nodded .
one thing more , ssslavemassster .
it was a thing of the night and to the night it had returned .
with your permission , monsieur le sous - prfet , one last thing concerning this individual .
after more silence he tries another tactic , downplaying her husbands importance in a sly metaphysical way , saying that , funny , the way the big things in your life depend on a million little things and that if just one of those million little things misses out so does the big thing .
one last thing now , my dear .
she returns to the important thing .
she does nt mention the big thing .
there s another big thing she does nt mention , a second big thing necessary , he thinks , for the success of the operation .
one thing alone could call the supreme echelons attention to the lamentable state of affairs here : violation of the supreme prohibition ; intimate contact between the functionaries and the materialized .
abandoning metaphor and circumlocution in the urgency of the thing , advocate points to the partition and announces that when margaret awakens they must convince her to dance for the prefect .
' there are many things in this world that are unseeable ; you can not be blamed for missing one little thing . '
when you become more than we are , then you will take our place , and things will really start to get interesting .
that s not the only thing i need the ink for .
politics is the last thing on my mind .
the only thing we have nt talked about is the sabathean empire .
the next thing i remember was waking on my bed with the dinner bell sounding .
the next thing he knew the dinner bell rang and woke him .
his complaint would seem a small thing beside hers , even though it had torn his heart in two to leave his own parents on the strength of the truth they would not acknowledge , the truth that every full moon he would transform into a wolf .
` ` alex , one more thing ... '' ` ` yeah ? ''
` ` not the whole thing !
i 'll definitely do my part to help her out when i get home from work with things like dishes and laundry and diaper changes and stuff because that 's what a good husband and father does and because i love her it 's a natural thing for me to want to work with her in raising our children you know as a team .
now another thing that the scroll enlightens us on is how we receive forgiveness from christ .
only a false prophet would be afraid of the real thing .
its a good thing we ve only done one presentation so far .
it just feels like you re turning this whole thing into a full time business , that s all , leena smiled as she lovingly patted alex on the cheek .
here 's a very important thing to note : the metaphorical one - way contract is not clearly marked as such .
as they flew through mountains covered by a very light , green snow atacir said , once we capture this worlds dragons the next thing we will need to do is discover how effective they are in battle .
things had gotten complicated , and more complications were the last thing rhaldan needed .
the shadow stone felt like it possessed such power , time was nt the only thing that seemed irrelevant .
but there is just one last thing .
just this one more thing very well .
the knight said , my bag of weaponry and inventions is outside , but oh , one more thing , are there any extra chains about ?
that 's the only thing people are going to care about from now on , i remark , realizing its true once i ' ve said it .
the only thing that matters is that we do whatever we can to keep on the run .
enough now , said the commander who had privately wondered the very same thing , i think you should all round up your men .
while king vletch was busy writing out the order for imprisonment he whispered to anea again , one more thing , please ?
the important thing was that we maintained the peace .
my lord , he addressed lenchen , if i may be so bold as to point out that the commander is still correct about one thing .
as sometimes happens , a lovers spat occurred ... a small thing made big in the inexperience of youth ...
as yassap turned to leave petr grabbed his sleeve , one thing more , yes , what is it ?
but , there is , perhaps , one little thing that you should consider before running back into the witchs arms .
edla must have been listening because the next thing he heard was the smallest cry of a baby !
sitting at the table with her bath things in her lap , she traded places with him as he exited the bathroom .
i think its some kind o musical thing .
it was kind of an important thing to them that they had me .
whether we go to the fealty ceremony tonight is another thing .
they turned to discover plendinta , who was dressed as if a battle were the last thing on her agenda .
not many people bother with that sort of thing any more .
it turns out that kind of thing can be important for practical reasons .
why make a big thing about it ?
aleria struggled to find things that they could talk about , but every time she started on a new subject , the woman was so deferential that the conversation soon turned into a lecture , with merte nodding and saying yes , of course , in all the right places .
his father is very influential , and this sort of thing is exactly what he d want his son to take on .
but one thing , tallis .
you re right about one thing , only a madman would allow children to be slaughtered at the hands of the elite .
ill let you try one more thing .
regardless of the specific reasons involved , sky remained sure of one thing she wanted to compete her brother , at all costs .
lyght sighed , sure that mikael would nt be worrying about the same thing .
one more thing to take care of , though as the bell sounded , many of the students , tired of the fighting and exercising and glad to be done , headed into the base for lyns final class .
a sudden brightness fell across lyghts flashing vision , and the last thing he saw was the swirl of a dark blue cloak as he feel deep , deep down into the darkness .
one last thing , echo , he added .
good thing were not recruiting you as an actor .
next thing i know , marcos telling us were going to breach the building where the enemies were .
never crying is a one - body thing .
it was little things ; the way coffee always seemed to spill on customers who particularly annoyed him , the way he seemed to be able to fix anything quickly , from the espresso machine to a leaky faucet without providing any specific explanation of what was broken or what he had done .
he did seem genuinely regretful that things had turned out this way , but she was nt about to let that servant thing go so easily .
the important thing is that yes , they might come back , and its your responsibility to protect these people now .
she could nt leave the house , could nt go on the internet , and now could nt read mystery novels either ; the descriptions of the murder victims ravaged bodies were now another thing that struck too close to home for her .
yes , it was a demon - related thing , said cassie .
cassie did nt recognize the name of their choice , nor did she particularly care ; food was the last thing on her mind .
not a goddamn thing , he said , not even bothering to whisper anymore .
one more thing though .
he had very dark hair , done in the fashion of the tribes , long and braided with beads and feathers , but the thing that made him seem so fearsome was the tattoo on his face .
there s another thing , thadora spoke quietly .
you ll never get promotion if you call me out for every little thing .
to end a mages probation before the year was up was the only thing that required any overseeing .
tired as the boy was he was heedless of such things and tossed himself upon his back right in the center of the lords and ladies of the forest .
all was as it had been except for one small , insignificant thing .
the other thing he could nt understand was why his brother and the blue devil did nt come after him ?
poor brie could not fathom why anyone would want to join the brethren in the first place , which should have immediately ended the relationship , for her lack of understanding only made the situation worse when it was the most important thing in adans life at the moment , but she was persistent and refused to abandon him until there was absolutely no hope .
yes child , i will look again into those things i once held dear , and perhaps this time my faith will not be so fickle and vain a thing .
they were still friends , would always be friends , but the most important thing in the world , and beyond it , gaped like a bottomless chasm between them with he and adan on one side and the others still on the far side .
jared bowed , there is only one other thing i wished to discuss with you lady .
they exchanged an uneasy look , wondering what the creatures presence could portend ; hopefully it was a green dragon , else things might grow interesting indeed .
your whole career has been one impossible scenario after another , but perhaps things will settle down for a time and you can figure out what normal is , if there is such a thing in our profession .
next thing i know there s a great shriek , more eagle than lion , and then there s a griffin in the camp !
deep within he found the whole thing somehow amusing , if only for the consternation it caused his elders ; irritating all his nearest relations seemed the only joy he had left in life .
i am willing to speak with you of such things but perhaps in a place less obvious .
they could tear anything away from him , but not his thing .
but tell me one thing before i go , why did you get only me to know it ?
just one thing , the dracon continued , shaking his head .
just keep one thing in mind .
ryan was quickly becoming the most important thing in my life .
one thing worried him .
it would seem to be an automatic thing like a person should know their siblings name .
that was an eighties thing , right ?
the important thing is that he s breathing , evan said .
how do i make it some conscious thing ?
she off onto one of her many projects , crusades , commitments , gatherings , and part - time job at a dinkytown used book store : very parttime , frank had always caustically noted ... the money his dad left would keep them for quite some time , but he felt that dalores should work , yet he never fought over this , never pressed it so as to provoke herhot cereal : he brown sugar she honey , dark roasted coffee , hand - ground , teapot whistling for driphugs , kisses , a meaningful glanceeach knew that they could stop the charade and sit down at any moment and get real but each also wanted the charade , for there were things brewing within each and within the marriage which each day of this trinitarian year began to make themselves present ... serious stuff , but because so serious each trod lightly .
dagmar : i ve just one final thing .
one more thing , marwan !
one thing is certain , though .
the only thing on my mind was a thirty minute power nap when i noticed the movement out of the corner of my eye .
so , the only way i can wiggle out of this jam is to concoct a scheme that makes him want to break things off with me .
all i ask is that you each move out of the way , if they get all gypsy - stubborn my daughters , celeste and gayle , you do nt have a single thing to fret over .
we will work through your concerns , concentrating on one thing at a time .
oh , and one last thing , heres my number .
we ve also been holding off on a great many things , waiting on your arrival well catch up and i have some special acquaintances ill be excited to make for youjust as soon as dom bradwell offers his proud aysha toast to scarlett and dylan she stated , shoving poppy into the hot seat .
materializing on the front porch , the only thing i had on my mind was searching for clues to her whereabouts .
the only thing on her mind should ve been wowing gypsy male suitors .
no did you ever , one time think about taking out another girleven just dating as a friend type thing ?
using my loaner is a brother - to - brother thing .
there is another thing that i wanted to talk to you about .
and is that such a terrible thing ?
captain , one more thing .
` ` one more thing , she might have another psychotic episode , i recommend avoiding giving her any more medication for this and try to calm her and subdue her , it would usually pass after five minutes or so .
there is another thing i would like to errr ... .consult you . ''
now you can focus on one thing .
the most important thing for her at this moment was to move forward with the ruins of her life .
that s the important thing .
not his usual sort of thing , that s for sure .
the only thing that met his gaze was clouds .
he did know how to fix one thing his wings .
its a horrible thing , a private thing .
a private thing ?
i felt flustered , such a small thing always irritating me in a way i did nt quite understand .
it seemed such a trivial thing , and yet i hesitated .
by his seed , all things will come full circle .
their entire lives had been infiltrated , corrupted , and the only thing on either of their minds was herocles .
she took a deep breath and told herself calmly : one thing at a time .
his pack was the most important thing in the world to him .
one thing has remained a constant in our little community .
first thing gentlemen , charles interrupted , we need to decide what to do with our friend here .
one thing she knew , a single breath of his could silence this lot for good .
but there was one thing , a seed of a thought planted in his mind ever since he d been told that he was coming to domremy city .
she was completely erratic , prachi said , could nt keep her mind fixed on anything for long always jumping from one thing to another .
how do i explain this i do nt get sentimental about things , but there s one thing that always sets me off .
whether it was the wrath of gods or a fault of nature , one thing is clear we can never again be complacent of or comfortable in our mastery of magic , not when it is so easily lost .
yes , things would slow down for a bit but we ve got backup runecards for all the important runeflows ; and while they repair the base of the tree , and while pappa kills you , the trees most basic functions can be restored from right here , actually see this pillar in the wall , with all the slots in it ?
be a good little domremin reflective hate the helikan , hate the necromancer its the only thing that s mattered to y all all these years , is nt it ?
so i d like you to promise me one thing , and its extremely important that the next time you seek out potentially dangerous adventures at least one other person will know and that person should be able to contact me upon the instant should things get out of hand .
` ` do n't you worry about a thing , i ' m gon na take care of you . ''
and you will be safe and this is the most important thing , is it not , your highness ? ''
not even the most important thing , it is .
no , there is one more thing about kor , said talek .
scholars spend a lot of time trying to winnow out this sort of thing .
but in a way , it does nt matter whether societies dedicated to preserving theo - anarchy exist or not ; the important thing is that people believe that such societies exist , and so they are less likely to rebel against theo - anarchy .
well , there is one thing , he said , removing his hood .
the one important thing , that is !
i can add a few , too , but the really important thing is , that only you and i will know where it is .
sister cherry blossom here will sing a song that sometimes helps with such things .
well , there is one more thing .
yes indeed , but let me warn you of one thing .
one more thing , though , before you go .
you certainly have grounds for concern , said the ceo soothingly , but it would be good to demonstrate that the church itself can and will punish this sort of thing .
oselika spoke : aptar , you said that the goal was the important thing , not how one gets there .
said kshaloka , and the next thing kor knew , they were in darkness , over the roof of the guest house , and rising into the air !
and , there is one last thing .
when something , even a small thing , happens to diminish peoples confidence in the value of some resource , then its value does diminish .
kor was much too busy to think about the past , and it all fell away from her , except for one thing she kept a large stone in her bedroll , to remind her of zar .
i m going to assume that the important thing is , that if this is right , there s about to be a big change .
theoretically , anybody who sneaks in here dies , but that s another thing the guards ignore .
i m the one who thinks that whether i am violated or not is the most important thing in the universe .
for one thing , shilikinara should be involved in this decision , too !
but the way we angels take it is , that the way we treat people should only depend on the truly relevant , objective features of the situation what kind of people they are , what the context is , that sort of thing .
his mind kept flitting from one thing to another .
the important thing is , whether people believe in them .
well , another thing we considered was , that systems of ethics , such as you find in books , are only incompletely tested , for ethics is no more a finished system than physics is .
take all the time you need to think each thing through .
but an idea was vividly communicated to you ; and that is the important thing , not the pictures that were used to do it .
the important thing is , that i tried to help people !
continuing on her patrol , she realized that sexual customs had not been the only thing bothering her .
and she had to admit that the whole thing was not exactly clear in her mind ; perhaps talek had had some measure of freedom .
some of it is , said intipisk , smiling , but that s not the main thing .
father , there was one other thing , kosai said .
the loss of which is the only thing you have inconvenienced me of .
he was relieved that he would finally be learning things of use , but he felt that most important thing to discover was why he was the one to kill the dark one .
the possibility that the seer was spreading false visions to place kosais life in jeopardy only complicated things .
kosai , one more thing , do nt accuse the seer and the others of betraying the caravan routes until i tell you to , and let me and the rest of the teachers do the rest .
i think the most important thing we can discuss is how this uprising came to be , coinciding with a nomadic raid .
there was only one thing she was sure of she was about to die .
the only thing that stood out as even remotely odd was a note in his file from the investigating officer during the kidnapping fiasco .
one thing that had n't escaped the police 's notice was that a lot of the beatings and killings happened around the times and in the areas where the theft of industrial materials or other strange items had happened .
as for the driving thing , i will file that bit of information away in my ' advice i will likely never need to use ' drawer .
at this point , you are nt different from me or from jinn at your back , i m sorry the most important thing is accepting that you disappear beyond the words , then relying on the nothingness , and rising against just like we nymphs did .
but there is one important thing : this amulet should be prepared every year .
they separated in the other thing .
instincts , silly fantasies , cults , beliefs , diseases , competitions , cultures of lynch , stinker wars , massacres for a handful meat , all of those are inherited us from the nature and beyond all , the most important thing is death .
now the fortune teller woman is thinking about another kind of thing , she has a taste of kind of whey in her mouth .
lil sipped her coffee , pretending to mull things over .
just one thing , harry potter , he turned to tome .
to be perfectly frank , getting paid was the most furthest thing on her mind at that moment .
the only thing she cared about was the fact that , unless tome turned out to be right , and there was such a thing as a moth eating hum'um'nekraturater from the lower realms , the thing that was killing vampires in chapter city was an ascended being .
that was how they handled things in their country .
dragging her away from the fluffy clouds and puppies is one thing .
that idiot rosewood was right about one thing though , bill stalled .
he says that its because that if people stumble across a place that they know dragons roam they will want to capture us and things like that .
then , next thing i knew , she was my girlfriend .
i 'd do my best , but i knew one thing for certain : if i did n't get a handle on the situation now , the guards would ride over me .
` ` i had not thought of such a thing . ''
munchkins and the family thing ? ''
i was n't sure if he did n't want me touching him because i was fey or because he thought i 'd murdered someone by magic or because of some esoteric cop thing .
even with my shields firmly in place he was like a large , warm , vibrating thing .
` ` glad to hear it , but there 's one more thing i have to check before i know for sure . ` `
maybe it was a cultural thing that i did n't understand because i was n't goblin enough .
such a small thing to cause him such pleasure .
` ` first thing , '' he said , ` ` i ' m going to get us both some food .
next thing you know , you 'll be showing signs of sagacity . ''
jack just did n't do that sort of thing anymore .
nobody could keep a thing like that hidden from the press .
what if the vote came and nothing happened , it was just some little procedural thing ?
` ` it 's probably a good thing i ' m not on takis . ''
still got a thing or two to take care of before i go . ''
he was aware of many things at once : the man 's towering size , the sound of curses boiling out of tattooed lips , the odour of sweat and the blood staining the wood under their feet .
such a thing would n't normally concern her , but she simply had nothing left in her to fight with .
he was used to fixing things : fixing the fights between his companions , fixing the agreements between him and his employers , fixing to jam hard bits of steel into soft flesh .
you can tie up scratches and kiss scraped knees , but you ca n't heal a damn thing without bandages .
' an arm is not such an important thing to one who carries no weapons , is it ? '
' none ... none of us are comfortable , ' the boy stammered back , intent on hiding more than one thing as he crossed his legs .
close your eyes ... you need only worry about one thing . '
he could barely muster the worry for such a thing , either .
it 's sort of your thing . '
fortunate , he considered , for he had n't yet figured out a way to make loss of bladder control sound like the kind of thing she would want to concern herself with .
we ' ve never seen this before , a breed that worries about so many stupid things and lives in complete fear of whatever invisible thing they talk to and is concerned with things other than breeding and killing .
we ' ve never seen this before , a breed that worries about so many stupid things and lives in complete fear of whatever invisible thing they talk to and is concerned with things other than breeding and killing .
' all right , then ... so , the only thing really necessary is some manner of ... of ... ' ' penetration ? '
the spirit was but one more thing to ignore , one more thing he could n't afford to pay attention to .
another thing he took pleasure in .
that wound in your shoulder is not the only thing that pains you , is it ?
she seemed a fluid thing , then , head lolling in his arms and hair streaming down into the water .
the thing that had been troubling him since last night came into focus as he looked out and down and across the street .
` ` although it was a close thing .
why do n't you just drop the whole thing ?
` ` it is not a man thing , '' said nunyunnini , in gugwei 's old voice .
shadow took the orange uniform and the handcuffs and leg hobbles , put them in the brown paper bag that had briefly held his possessions , folded the whole thing up , and dropped it into a garbage can .
` ` votan , he would talk of the gallows and the spear , but for me , it is one thing ... '' he reached out a nicotine - colored finger and tapped it , hard , in the center of shadow 's forehead .
` ` then , when this is over , you will come back to me , and i will finish the whole thing . ''
but there was one thing he had to do first .
shadow knows without hearing the words what they 're arguing about : it was the only thing they quarreled about , after all .
it 's a relative thing . ''
` ` first thing , we need to buy some gas . ''
this mountaintop was the quintessence of place , the heart of things as they were .
but the last thing he wanted to do was to disturb the klunker enough that the ice beneath it would crack .
the only personal thing on sheriff rockwell 's desk was one of those clear cubes you can fill with pictures .
the next thing i knew , the sun was coming through the curtains , and there was a sense of activity all around me ; the hospital was awake .
` ` for one thing , you ca n't do your share of the driving while you 're on them . ''
i decided i could help by moving one thing at a time from the car trunk to the middle of the stairs up to the living quarters , with pretty much a level swing of my arm .
` ` and you did n't call us to report the whole thing ? ''
sharing one 's spirit is a personal , private thing .
` ` i ' m not delaying a damn thing . ''
someone started teleporting me , then a fight broke out , and the next thing i know i ' m in here ... uh , talking to you . ''
she 'd been making progress with the truth , but he 'd been right about one thing .
` ` then it 's a good thing we ' ve got a tracker . ''
he knew much about old days , and though his knowledge - of such things as sea - burial and the funeral pyre , for instance- was rich and poetical rather than accurate with the accuracy of modern archaeology ( such as that is ) , one thing he knew clearly : those days were heathen - heathen , noble , and hopeless .
he knew much about old days , and though his knowledge - of such things as sea - burial and the funeral pyre , for instance- was rich and poetical rather than accurate with the accuracy of modern archaeology ( such as that is ) , one thing he knew clearly : those days were heathen - heathen , noble , and hopeless .
` ` oh ; i am afraid i must own it , '' laurence said , mortified that the story should have somehow traveled so far , and hoping he was not compounding the situation by speaking of such a thing ; he would not have thought the harem any fit subject for a young turkish lady , any more than questions about a demi - mondaine or an opera singer from an english debutante .
` ` it seems a small thing , i know - why not let them have all the pleasure they can , when they are not fighting ?
` ` the last thing we need is for the blessed creature to be frightened in the shell ; it often makes a timid beast . ''
` ` so , you see , it is not so great a thing that i should offer to hold fast for your sake ; we are already looking total destruction in the face . ''
legal stuff ... well , it 's not my thing .
one thing , however , i knew i would have to work on .
seeing as rose and dimitri were officially a couple now , i had to assume things with adrian had n't ended well .
kind of like an allergic thing . ''
still , the whole thing looked terrible , and i stared in horror .
` ` okay , one more thing , then .
eddie was clearly upset over jill 's situation already , and i did n't want him to have one more thing to worry about .
` ` sir , i guarantee the only thing he 's investigating is how to spend the money he 's been making . ''
at least this settled one thing .
` ` yeah , but that 's like a class thing , '' i said .
` ` the important thing , '' said pendergast , ` ` is that he feels comfortable and relaxed . ''
` ` before we go any further , there 's one other thing we do have to discuss : payment . ''
but aliyah was an old hand at this , and ellen became aware that all her things were whirling around in the funnel , a crazy wizard of oz swirl of haute couture and luggage , jonathan 's joining hers as he dissolved , a cloud of green wasps taking their place in the eye .
it was such a close thing .
this whole thing has been a seduction .
the young tribune was right about one thing , though .
he glanced at isana again , and said , ` ` it 's mostly the principle of the thing , ma'am . ''
his mind was an enormous blur of ideas and memories and possible futures , and only one thing was certain .
` ` first thing , let 's get you on the ground with your feet up .
` ` the first thing we need is time .
the next thing to focus on is making sure the legions ' supply lines are kept secure .
drag wood in first thing .
so it 's a good thing you ' ve had some practice . ''
the whole thing had gone to the crows , as such plans often did .
he was taunting me with the whole bathroom thing .
florida , california , texas , oklahoma , kansas , missouri ... those are the hot - weather experts , and we do get tasked for this sort of thing on occasion .
i 'd describe him , but really , the only thing in focus for me was the gun .
` ` i think there was something a little personal in the cane thing . ''
` ` the important thing is who connects , and when , and why .
` ` no , i figure you ... you 'd take the money and run right back to your little friends , and next thing you know , i ' m out of business .
` ` the main thing is that you 're all right . ''
` ` and one last thing . ''
` ` one more thing , '' jace said .
one thing puzzled me .
he regarded me for a moment before adding , ` ` one last thing .
` ` she never changes a thing . ''
` ` because you 're just getting to know other gifted , and i ' m supposed to make it easier for you , not blame you when things go wrong , sugar . ''
but dale graham was right about one thing .
senor alvarez reported that the store was doing well , he was taking good care of my plants , and i should n't worry about things at home .
lifting butch , i added , ` ` it 's a good thing i do listen to him .
i yanked them away , tearing my fingers on the splintering wood , and still did n't pause until i had the whole thing cleared .
` ` maybe it 's a cultural thing ? ''
` ` the important thing is finding shannon , '' i said softly .
such a small thing , but for want of the horseshoe nail , and all that .
` ` i do n't think the relationship manuals cover this kind of thing . ''
they must be exhausted too ; it had been a long day - and how odd that i would consider such a thing .
maybe it was a cop thing .
apart from breaking this curse , the only other thing i cared about was finding a way to get chance back .
` ` the only thing we have to discuss is how i ' m not signing on for your boss 's cause .
it was a hard thing to carry on my conscience .
is n't that kind of your thing ?
i ' m about to lose connection , so this is the important thing .
he had been dancing with shannon all night , so tender and sweet that it made me glad to see them together , even if things were a mess for me .
last thing he knew , bruce willis was a cop desperately looking for a pair of shoes that fit , arnold was a cyborg with sunglasses , and steven seagal had a real hairline .
as he groaned in the dark , he could n't believe the fucking mess he 'd made out of the whole thing .
well , turned out he had left one thing behind : on the counter was the plastic bag of cash .
dumping the remains of her almost - dinner in the sink , he washed the thing out .
there had been a number of times when he 'd been out in the field , in the middle of an assignment , and things had gone tits - up on him : you thought you knew your target 's patterns and resources , weaknesses and protective covers , but just as you were about to move on him , the landscape changed sure as if someone dropped a bomb in the middle of the town square of your perfect plan .
one thing was for sure : dinner was n't going to include omelets .
the distinction between this position and real independence seemed to laurence a vague semantical thing , but at least for the moment hammond professed himself satisfied to indeed call macarthur governor , and to see the british colors on the flagpole above the government house , and to attend his dinner there .
temeraire felt a smart of anxiety for his own part : but , he told himself , it was not at all the same thing , to wish laurence to be recognized for his own abundant merits ; and after all he did not insist on laurence 's wearing his robes , but only proposed it , now and again , when it seemed to him most appropriate , and when laurence 's natural modesty should from time to time require a push to overcome .
` ` pray let us worry about one thing at a time ! ''
and i ' m sorry about your , uh ... your romanic thing . ''
the important thing now is to prevent any further accidents .
` ` then i ask you to consider one thing before you begin .
` ` let 's just say it 's a good thing you were n't in the river for very long , captain . ''
the knights aeris saw them coming and struggled to evade the nightmarish mass - but again , amara had timed things too well , and there was nothing they could do as they plunged into a forest of burning , writhing vines .
but whatever else the joker was , one thing was certain .
not the whole thing , only half of it .
the whole thing had upset waldo dreadfully , and waldo was n't used to being upset .
` ` one thing , '' fadeout said as brennan turned away , ` ` you might keep your eyes open for .
he actually had his hand on the doorknob when the joker , out of some strange sense of relief and gratitude , said , ` ` there 's one other thing .
the next thing he knew , hiram was prodding him gently in the ribs .
` ` one thing , '' he asked .
` ` fine , but next time , you 're letting me pay for the whole thing . ''
sighing , i reach for one of my textbooks on the nightstand beside my bed , choosing to catch up on schoolwork since it 's the one thing i have left in my life that 's not centered by death , angels and reapers .
` ` now , i can help you with one thing right now , if you trust me enough to do something . ''
the most important thing is that i ' m safe and back home .
the important thing is that we return with your brother .
threatening you is the last thing on my mind , believe me .
everything they do ripples and has consequences , even the smallest thing .
but altering the future is a delicate thing .
that the whole thing came rushing back , like ice through her veins .
the important thing is that i ' m not stuck in here anymore .
the thing is , most of these decisions end up being meaningless , in the great scheme of things .
yes , little sage started on the drums but it was n't long before things were shaken up .
secretly , sage 's love life was one of the things i wanted to get to the bottom of .
my feelings toward sage were purely the admiration of his talent sort of thing .
he wanted to make it his thing .
it was a private thing from me to him .
including the final thing .
` ` the only thing i want attached , baby , is your mouth on my dick . ''
so what if things were weird between sage and i ?
it did n't mean a thing .
the more i hovered around this zone , this part of sage 's job , the more complicated things became for everyone .
i 'd already felt like i was sleepwalking through the whole thing .
` ` oh , and there is one other thing , '' the patrician said , as the wizard groped for the door handles .
but he thought bitterly about one thing .
' do n't you worry about a thing , ' said throat loftily .
' nah , the other thing .
for one thing , some of the people coming in and shouting were carrying bags of money ... ' you what ? '
' and another thing , ' said a dwarf , prodding soll in the knee .
but no - one had ever spoken to him as if his existence was the last thing in the world they could possibly be persuaded to worry about .
' a true wizard should only be interested in one thing , ' muttered the dean .
' it starts off kisses and cake and them cutting the crusts off , and next thing you know it 's down to tongue pie , cold bum and the copper stick . '
` ` lady thing enjoying a joke with lord whatsit '' , that sort of thing ? '
it did n't seem to be a conscious thing .
just getting away , that was the important thing .
he hoed the bean rows for the look of the thing .
` ` eating properly , that sort of thing ? ''
a thing , of the nature of things .
the captain turned the wheel a bit , for the look of the thing .
oh , and another thing .
time to think about that sort of thing , now .
` ` well , anyway , i do n't have to bother with this sort of thing , '' said magrat .
he removed the iron bar and hit it a few times , for the look of the thing .
he screams his head off at the least little thing , bless him , '' she said proudly , as if this was some kind of rare talent .
` ` so long as you 're keeping busy , that 's the important thing . ''
how many students can you get in an iron maiden , that kind of thing . ''
bit old for that sort of thing . ''
` ` do n't tell magrat , magrat 's not to know about this sort of thing .
the play was the last little thing that opened it up .
' interesting thing , ' he said .
s'pose we got to learn about this sort of thing now .
' would n't hurt a fly , poor little thing . '
the last thing you needed was some watchman blundering around upsetting things , like a loose ... a loose ... a loose siege catapult .
' just askin ' , you understand , just gettin ' it over with right now , for the look of the thing , for wossname 's sake as it might be , but i s'pose there 's no chance of me sniffing- ' ' none . '
we do n't let things lie any more ... ' maybe he was cleaning a club , sort of thing , and it accidentally went off , ' said nobby .
and that is the most important thing .
' another thing , ' said nobby .
i ' ve been here before , sort of thing . '
' i just wanted to get into the spirit of the thing , ' said carrot .
sometimes the little crimes look big and the big crimes you can hardly see , but the crucial thing is to decide which is which . '
made a clean breast of the whole thing , you know .
' then it 's a good thing you wo n't have any chance to reload anyway . '
when he 'd begun to take a little more interest in these things , he 'd realized the role people seemed to think that colour played in concepts like , for example , roses .
the whole thing is meant to be a mystery , see ? '
the important thing , she decided , was to stay calm .
' look ... albert , ' said susan , trying sweet reason in case it worked any better this time round , ' maybe there is ... someone ... sort of ... in charge of things , but i ' m really no - one special ...
' now ... the important thing , the really important thing is ... what 're we going to call ourselves ? '
' now ... the important thing , the really important thing is ... what 're we going to call ourselves ? '
i ca n't do a thing with them .
' but he 's gone off somewhere and next thing i know i ' ve inherited the whole thing .
' well , for a start , ' said asphalt , ' the main thing , the thing he wo n't like most , is ... um ... we ' ve got the money ... ' cliff reached down under the seat .
' well , for a start , ' said asphalt , ' the main thing , the thing he wo n't like most , is ... um ... we ' ve got the money ... ' cliff reached down under the seat .
' -or toes , ears , that kind of thing ? '
stars and oceans and intelligent life evolving from arts graduates , that sort of thing ? '
' do n't you worry about a thing , ' he said .
' but the important thing is that someone should stand up to you .
' not a thing , mr emperor cohen . '
first thing , i want a cup of tea .
nanny ogg had never believed it at the start , but magrat garlick , wet as a sponge though she was half the time , had been dead right about one thing .
it 's a business thing .
' ca n't be having with that sort of thing at all . '
one little thing like someone being murdered on stage and they go all to pieces . '
' little handbag onna string , pair of glasses onna stick , the whole thing . '
for one thing , his morphogenic field was trying to reassert itself .
' i wanted to wait but , what with one thing and another ... especially one thing .
i do like to get into the spirit of the thing .
' not a thing . '
he 'd never had to think about that sort of thing before .
it 's often dragooned into the service of some local religion and a few words are changed , but it 's really about things that have to do with gods only in the same way that roots have to do with leaves .
next thing you know you 're a squiggle in the sandstone .
decent weapons , good boots ... that sort of thing . '
' er ... raindrops and sunsets and that sort of thing ? '
he 'd always left that sort of thing to his brother .
susan 's eyes went back to the first thing .
he 's very conventional about that sort of thing .
i thought i was paying you big strong men a lot of money to deal with this sort of thing . '
this is a human thing .
' arms is one thing .
oh , just one other thing , vimes .
the important thing , she knew , was to look at home .
for one thing , that ' s a damn difficult shore , the wind 's always against you , and there 's some very nasty currents .
' and d'regs object to a little thing like that ? '
the important thing is what someone wanted you to think . '
he hesitated , lost the thread , repeated himself and in general made a mess of the whole thing .
seein ' the other man 's point of view , sort of thing , even if he 's a woman . '
oh , there is one other thing , vimes .
and sybil 's never been very interested in that sort of thing . '
sybil was an amazingly levelheaded woman , of course , and this sort of thing ... she 'd left it entirely up to him , had n't she ? ...
' ca n't see what you 're treading in , for one thing , ' said the senior wrangler .
and there 's another thing , sir .
' oh , ponder stibbons knows all about that sort of thing . '
' frankly , the whole thing is getting out of hand , ' said the god , who was a wizard - class non- listener .
i ' ve never been interested in that sort of thing myself , but you can hear the construction noises all night .
' i must say i ' ve often wondered about that sort of thing myself , ' said the lecturer in recent runes .
keep out of trouble and do n't get involved , that was the important thing .
' that 's another thing , ' said rincewind .
the important thing was to be direct .
' well , for one thing everyone seems to be getting a bit tense , and wizards tend to get stro- to get touchy in the presence of large amounts of magic , ' said ponder .
the important thing was to settle his mind and be calm and , possibly , think of nice things like blue skies and kittens .
history here was rather a rubbery thing .
' i have ... developed certain techniques , but there are things like ... the vibration of the traffic in the street , little changes in temperature , that sort of thing . '
too much concentration on one thing is , mm , conducive to ill humours of the brain . '
' and another thing , ' said lu - tze , leading the way out into the light .
it is ... a body thing .
' the whole ego thing .
just one thing , uh ... why did you rescue me ? '
' my grandfather takes , er , an interest in this sort of thing .
still , i suppose it 's not your fault you ' ve lost a few skills over the centuries , what with one thing and- ' ' lost skills ? '
oh , yes ... there was one last thing .
possibly the spot was between a couple of ribs and the force was applied via a dagger , or between two warring countries and applied via an army , but the important thing was to find that one weak spot which would be the key to everything .
things will have come to a pretty pass , albert , if i did not know whether a thing was dead or alive without having to go and look .
it 's one of those things you never think about , like who leaves all the weapons and keys and medicine kits lying around in the unexplored dungeons . ''
` ` the whole thing took the shock remarkably well .
instead , there was a general murmuring , no real words , nothing that would get anyone into trouble if the piper turned nasty , but a muttering indicating , in a general sense , without wishing to cause umbrage , and seeing everyone 's point of view , and taking one thing with another , and all things being equal , that people would like to see the boy given a chance , if it 's all right with you , no offence meant .
and i ' m your friend because right now i ' m the only person in the world who will probably believe anything you tell me about , oh , thunderstorms and falls , that sort of thing .
people could hold a grudge about a thing like that .
just one more thing , nobby ... ' ' yes , sarge ? '
people expected all kinds of things from coppers , but there was one thing that sooner or later they all wanted : make this not be happening .
' i ' m not very good at that sort of thing , i ' m afraid . '
their training had n't covered this sort of thing .
' well , he 's right about one thing .
' tell you what , major , why not leave that sort of thing to the experts ? '
he did n't particularly want to know this kind of thing , but once you started having to sort out the everlasting traffic problem these were facts that got handed to you .
vetinari , vimes realized , thought about this sort of thing all the time .
now , what was the other thing ... oh , yes .
since every piece belonged to someone , and ankh - morpork people care about that sort of thing , it was being dismantled by collective argument .
his next stop was at dr lawn 's house where he sat and spoke for a while , about such things as memory and how tricky it can be , and forgetfulness , and how profitable it could prove .
the important thing , my girl , is to know what magic is for and what it is n't for .
there was only one way to be sure , and she was getting rather old for this sort of thing .
all wizards knew how to move things about , starting with protons and working upwards , but the important thing about moving something from a to z , according to basic physics , was that at some point it should pass through the rest of the alphabet .
` ` there is another thing , '' she added .
i never would have found you if it was n't for that staff thing , and what have you done with it , girl ? ''
` ` the important thing about magic is how you do n't use it , '' said esk , taking simon 's arm .
it was big and thick and printed somewhere far off , and it had lots of details about things like phases of the moon and the right time to plant beans .
` ` you ' ve got to find the place where the time is different , for one thing . ''
` ` oh , right , yeah , the height thing , '' said the toad .
' t is a heavy thing , tae be under a geas . '
it do n't even see the crowd , they do n't mean a thing to it .
the gold light , the falling bracts , the dancing bees ... it was all one thing .
it 's more a crowd thing , really .
' and another thing ! '
but they paid up , that was the important thing .
do n't you worry about a thing , sir .
but do n't you worry about a thing , sir , not a thing ! '
do n't you worry about a thing , sir ! '
in fact , rough penmanship often worked better than a week of industrious midnights spent getting every little thing right , because there was something in people 's heads that spotted some little detail that was n't quite right but at the same time would fill in details that had merely been suggested by a few careful strokes .
' the important thing is to make stamps hard to forge , ' said moist , leafing through the samples .
' oh , just one thing , sir , about them stamps ... ' ' yes ?
' it is the principle of the thing , mr lipwig , ' said the woman firmly .
' i would n't know about that sort of thing , sir , ' said groat , blushing .
' one thing at a time , mr groat ! '
it 's just that tomorrow is going to be- ' ' do n't you worry about a thing , sir , ' said groat .
just one thing , though , sir ... ' ' yes , captain ? '
moist actually had his hand on the door handle when the voice behind him said : ' just one minor thing , mr lipwig . '
' the way things have gone , i can only give you one out of three ... ' ' how soon can we have the grand trunk running properly ? '
it was one thing to put words in the mouths of the gods ; priests did it all the time .
the important thing was- but there were lots of important things .
the important thing was- but there were lots of important things .
for one thing , unless the demon was good at disguising itself as a potato , it probably did n't exist .
ye dinna get the po - et - ic symmi - tree o ' the whole thing .
` ` what was the important thing ? ''
` ` the important thing , '' said miss treason , ` ` is to stay the passage of the wind .
she did n't make a big thing of it .
it was a place of small things .
this was the last thing !
she was a shepherd 's daughter before she was a witch , and at this time , in this place , there were more immediate things to do .
not as a regular thing , no .
' well , sir , there is one thing , sir , i do n't know how to get to the mortal world , sir , ' said mort desperately .
the first thing you learn when you enroll at unseen university , i ' m afraid , is that people do n't pay much attention to that sort of thing .
but he felt it now for the first time - a sort of longing , not for a place , but for a state of mind , for being just an ordinary human being with straightforward things to worry about , like money and sickness and other people ... ... ' i shall have a drink , ' he thought , ' and perhaps i shall feel better . '
it 's a small thing , he added .
it was a lot more sensible , they were told , to stop worrying about that sort of thing and really get to grips with woddeley 's occult primer instead .
' i do n't think a young woman like you should be looking at this sort of thing , ' he said sternly .
there 's a lot of spadework first , of course , but what clinches the whole thing is the sight of , say , a falling apple or a boiling kettle or the water slopping over the edge of the bath .
' i think it 's a class thing . '
the important thing is to know what you really are . '
and next thing you know ... ' ' phooey ? '
it was hardly affecting the nature of things as it surged over the dunes with a faint sucking noise ; the fire burned red and green for a second , one of nijel 's sandals turned into a small and irritated badger , and a pigeon flew out of the seriph 's turban .
after years of wrangling the whole thing was then turned over to ly tin wheedle , arguably the disc 's greatest philosopher [ 22 ] , who after some thought proclaimed that although it was indeed true that all places were one place , that place was very large .
' fine thing , ' he muttered to himself , and remembered the carpet .
it occurred to her that in addition to being a collection of other things , the forest was a thing in itself .
people have to sort this sort of thing out for themselves . '
' no , we ca n't be having with that sort of thing , ' said granny , a little more firmly this time .
' yes , but everyone knows witches do n't lie , that 's the important thing .
the important thing is not how many people you inhume , it 's how many fail to inhume you . '
the important thing is to know what 's what and who 's who .
' i will not ask you to take it from my hands , ' he said , ' what with one thing and another .
the important thing , he knew , was to clinch the deal as soon as possible .
' do n't let the grass grow under your feet , that 's the important thing , ' he said .
anyway , the shameful thing was now at the very bottom of carrot 's pack .
the last thing we need to concern ourselves with is the watch . ''
vimes sensed that this was not because the garden 's owner was too poor to do anything about it , but rather that the garden 's owner thought there were much more important things than ancestors , which was a pretty unusual point of view for an aristocrat .
the important thing was working out where to rush to ...
` ` er , just one thing , captain , '' said colon urgently , to vimes 's astonished eyes .
the only thing he had n't decided was whether to let them alone- who 'd believe them , after all ? -or send the guard to arrest them for being terminally stupid .
` ` we 're not having any of that kind of thing , i hope . ''
but he was correct about one thing .
then the whole thing could be neat and settled .
` ` the thing is , saving your honour 's presence , we think , you know , what with saving the city and everything , or sort of , or , what i mean is ... we just had a go you see , man on the spot and that sort of thing ... the thing is , we reckon we 're entitled .
` ` there was another thing , your reverence , '' he said .
one thing we 'd managed to hide from the media so far was how many of the guard , both male and female , were traumatized from the tortures they 'd endured .
we talked of hard things , but nothing seemed that hard while the tree grew above us , and the light spilled across the sea .
i had one of those moments when things fall into place .
she did n't want to go to her grave knowing that her weakness held her back from the one thing that truly mattered to her .
` ` actually i was hoping for an on - all - fours sort of thing . ''
but they kept forgetting one small thing ... actually , five not - so - small things ...
but they kept forgetting one small thing ... actually , five not - so - small things ...
the only thing between them at the moment was her very thin and worn nightdress .
the only thing she currently worried about was getting away from one annoyingly determined dragon .
next thing he knew , she climbed onto his snout and over the top of his head .
but her daughter - the most important thing right now .
although , she knew , there was one other thing that would make this perfect .
this way i 'll know whether to cut off only his balls or the entire bloody thing ! ''
if gwenvael had known , he would have handled the whole thing quite differently .
` ` is n't there some sort of proper preparation that 's necessary for that sort of thing ? ''
he 's been utterly polite and- '' ` ` i do n't want to make a big thing of this , girl , but he needs to go .
she tried to beg him to stop , to release her , but his mouth on hers seemed a permanent thing as he readjusted yet again , and again her body was dragged up and over .
nothing except one thing . ''
` ` but they ' ve been surprisingly good - natured about the whole thing and went right to sleep when i put them down .
eventually dagmar had to take over , and the queen decided then , her face filled with disgust , ` ` we need to get back to garbhan isle and let the nursemaids handle this sort of thing .
he was exhausted , worn down , and had much more work to do before he left this overly heated land and the last thing he intended to deal with was the idiotic questions of his idiotic kin .
he was no longer needed , and it would be one less thing for ragnar to worry about .
` ` so why did you feel the need to handle the bampour thing yourself ? ''
not when it came to this sort of thing .
keita would toss all that red hair , smile at their father as if butter would n't melt and the next thing any of them knew , bercelak the great would turn to his eldest daughter and gently remind morfyd that she was older and she should be taking care of her little sister- '' not trying to throw her off the mountain when you know she ca n't fly yet . ''
the one thing that set her teeth on edge .
keita barely kept her snarl in - and on her feet - but before she could stomp away , the human maneuvered around gwenvael and said , ` ` oh , my lady keita , one other thing . ''
he 's being so obvious about this whole thing . ''
` ` now , there 's one last thing ... . '' together , keita and her siblings , ragnar and his kin , walked through the courtyard and up to the great hall steps .
as if kissing her was the most important thing in the entire world ... no , no , no !
wel ... there was one thing .
in fact the only thing you real y have to worry about is pissing off annwyl because clearly she 's protective of izzy on this .
` ` the elites that were in here ... '' the one thing that bradana did know was that if her rhona was here , not one of those bastards would have made it out of here alive .
perhaps it 's a fashion thing .
something that probably would n't have been a problem if his kin had just left the whole thing alone .
all he did was put his hand on my lower back and the next thing i knew he was flying over the tops of the trees and daddy was dropping him from his talons ... ... '' she thought a moment and asked , ` ` how is he anyway ? ''
well , this and one other thing ... and deciding not to wait any longer for that , izzy did what she 'd dreamed of since the very moment she met eibhear the blue all those years ago .
` ` i do n't care what bloody annwyl says about a bloody thing ! ''
although now that she thought about it ... that was n't really a little thing , was it ?
` ` for one thing , we do n't hit puberty until our mid - twenties .
' too bad it 's a one - time thing . ''
` ` one more thing , bryn , '' he shouted out at us as we were escaping into the hall .
i could n't explain why i felt so at peace with his revelations that were more the thing of legends , fables or fantasies ; but i saw the puzzle come together as the pieces of the mysteries surrounding him from the beginning , to my waking up this morning , came together .
` ` another thing ... '' he winked , as if taunting me , before diving down into the water like a torpedo .
my mind cleared of all the immortality confusion , and rested on one thing .
it 'd been a good thing the shirt 's owner was wearing an undershirt , or he 'd have been hard - pressed to make it to our rendezvous point with patrick tonight .
it 's kind of a family thing , '' he explained , as he began strumming at the strings .
i forgot about that one little thing . ''
` ` so experience thing aside , '' i said , fingering through the contents of my basket ` ` dinner will be amazing . ''
it seemed too much the thing of make believe , but he assured me , when that camera flashed , cementing this moment in time , i was the only thing that flashed in front of him .
his heavy breath was the next thing i felt pulsing against my lips .
if looks could kil , immortal thing aside , abigail would have obliterated patrick where he stood .
the present situation would nt have been conducive to smiling save for one thing : patrick .
it was like he d surrounded me in a bubble of light and the last thing i wanted to do was pop it , but too much time had passed already and john could be returning to retrieve me from my cel any time .
it had never steered me wrong yet '' it was my confuddled mind that had made a mess of things , so tonight , my cranium area was official y off duty .
the only thing that mattered to him was that she had n't returned home after escaping mathias and his torture .
the next thing we 're going to talk about is your attire .
but that was n't the only thing on his mind .
one thing he could control ?
the most important thing now was that he fulfill her however he could .
anka 's revenge was no longer the only thing that mattered .
if our friend bonaparte will only be good enough to give us a year , things will look something more like : the rest of these new shore batteries in place , the young dragons brought up , your ferals knocked into shape ; not to mention temeraire and our new fire - breather . ''
` ` one more thing , '' duke interjected .
` ` i ' m still checking a few things ... but raiden recently uncovered a family tree that gives me every reason to believe your deduction is accurate . ''
hell , given the squint he was rocking , it was a good thing his bike knew where he was going .
next thing he knew , the scent of fresh coffee announced that his partner had come up to him .
the seat belt cut into his erection , but he figured the damn thing deserved the pinch .
the trouble was , that was not the kind of thing you could tidy up with soap and hot water .
and one thing was certain , if she drew him to her ?
shit , maybe his boys had a point , maybe he was getting too distracted with the sissy thing .
yet another thing she did n't have to ask twice about .
blood was everywhere , and so was the harpy 's intestinal tract - matter of fact , the bastard was nearly cut in two , his spine the only thing that was linking his hips to the top half of his body .
the kind of thing that you addressed with a garbage bag , not a scrub brush and a hose .
we can skip the psych thing for now . ''
and considering things logically , he knew there was but one place the sod would go .
` ` the most important thing , '' she heard herself say , ` ` is that the charges stick .
devina would want the body undefended , for one thing , and jim had only a notification spell up with that bloody handprint of his .
` ` another thing , '' de la cruz said .
` ` it 's a woman thing , i guess .
he gave me two choices - help you or sara with your plans , or leave the whole thing in the hands of god .
` ` if you 're right about the masonry being involved , it might not be a one - time thing . ''
` ` one thing at a time , '' alec repeated in a murmur .
` ` one thing at a time , '' he said instead .
he would have viewed the whole thing as a game .
` ` i ' m not saying he orchestrated this thing from the very beginning , but once he realized how it had been set up , he could have manipulated things from there .
in the normal order of things , izzie would have had anywhere from one to seven weeks to settle into her new country and firm .
though filming was the last thing on my mind , i did what he said .
you see , the only thing i had to talk about that was even remotely interesting was what happened to me at the lighthouse .
what deep , dark and secret thing could she know about me ?
i could call the whole thing off and forget about it .
i guess when it 's the biggest thing in the room , it must be hard not to stare at it .
they are a mystery as much as he is and the one thing i ca n't help from drowning in over and over again .
it was hard to know what the public was going to do with the whole thing so i did the best i could and wrote up everything on the blog that would accompany the footage .
everything had fallen into place , except the whole job thing .
` ` good thing you 're not a rangers fan tonight , '' i told dex as he flipped through the game leaflet some kids at the door were handing out .
honestly , the only thing that worried me now was the damn inappropriate ideas i kept getting in my head , all thanks to ada 's incessant texting about dex and i possibly hav**g s*x .
yeah , maybe i was chickenshit when i should n't have been , maybe i was feeling unprepared when i really needed to feel like i could own the whole thing and prove i was n't some idiot , maybe i was afraid of being alone with dex .
but she did n't and then it became a thing of the past .
maybe it was a girl thing , but i knew when i felt vulnerable , he often stepped up as the protector .
we had other things to contend with , including making our way through the forest again , choosing the cover of dark pine and twisting arbutus trees with their scaling red bark that reminded me of dead , sunburned skin .
` ` the only thing i ' m worried about is the film if ... '' he trailed off and stopped pulling .
but i would be home and that was the most important thing of all .
i still held out for that hope - it 's not like that 's the kind of thing we 'd discuss on the phone anyway - but as far as i knew , she was still in the picture .
you do belong to the whole work thing , and if there 's any reason that you feel like you do n't , it 's because you have n't met anyone else but me .
i knew from my mom 's voice that she was treating the whole thing like it was a joke .
yeah , i knew that going to seattle was going to suck in many ways but it was just another thing to ` ` man up '' about .
he had it in him , but whether it would ever be used was another thing .
i was afraid there was a small chance he might think the whole thing was a good idea .
i was feeling faint and dizzy and getting water seemed to be the most important thing .
and suddenly making a ` ` move '' on dex seemed to be not only possible but not the most important thing this evening either .
was rebecca approving of this whole thing or was n't she ?
the next thing i knew , the plates in the good china cabinet came crashing down .
but , occasionally , things just fall into place .
just one more thing to scribble down on my mental notepad headlined perry and sorted : things i needed to get to the bottom of .
just as we were pulling up to the lancaster 's house , max had to get one last thing in .
like it or not - and i certainly did n't like it - perry was still the most important thing in the world to me .
the next thing i knew there was a crackle of electricity in the air .
like it or not - and i certainly did n't like it sometimes - perry was still the most important thing in the world to me .
i was right about the a**hole thing .
i was starting to get the feeling that perhaps jimmy would n't be as understanding over the whole thing as i had thought .
it 's all on my head here , i 'll carry the whole thing .
because baby , you know i am not going to let a single thing happen to you .
ah fuck , i could n't take any pleasure in this ; this was ending up being a lot more sensitive a thing than i had originally thought .
until then , it was another thing i was keeping to myself .
i mean , after last night , i would n't be surprised if you wanted to back out of the whole thing . ''
i could n't do a single thing because things were happening beyond my control , without pause , without consent .
now here was the thing that maximus did n't want to talk about .
the other thing she had to deal with was her family .
but you 're the most important thing to me .
from the way his voice dipped , i could tell that uncle al probably had talked to him about the same thing .
i could n't blame him - the show was the last thing on my mind too .
after edward , she '' d given up men , particularly gorgeous ones with one thing on their mind .
but father tubelcek had never been very concerned about that sort of thing .
he had expected his agents to have had some difficulty with the more lupine areas of angua 's ancestry , but it turned out that mountain wolves took quite a lot of interest in that sort of thing as well .
that was one thing where humans had the edge .
' not a thing , sir .
maybe you ' ve got friends in common , that sort of thing . '
but they remembered the important thing .
the committee for equal heights had objected but things had mired somewhat because , firstly , most of the actual committee was human , since dwarfs were generally too busy to worry about that sort of thing , [ 13 ] and in any case their position hinged on pointing out that mr stronginthearm n smith was too tall , which was clearly a sizeist discrimination and technically illegal under the committee 's own rules .
' just clear this thing up .
i can handle that sort of thing ... well , most of the time ... but he ca n't .
he 's very particular about that sort of thing ! '
then someone said , ' another thing ... we wo n't have to worry about establishing a royal succession that might be inconvenient . '
' er , there was ... there was some boot polish ... ' ' look , ' said vimes , as kindly as possible , ' everyone takes small things from the place where they work .
' it 's just that i do n't recall seeing your name on the register of taxpayers , which is very odd because you said you were a taxpayer , but of course you would n't lie about a thing like that and anyway when you paid your taxes they would have given you a receipt because that 's the law and i ' m sure you 'd be able to find it if you looked - ' the butcher lowered his finger .
marsh went to sleep and put the whole thing from his mind , and in the days that followed he hardly thought on it at all .
` ` well , cap'n , '' jeffers said , with a wry smile , ` ` the main thing is that poetry is pretty .
` ` it do n't change one goddamned thing , far as i can see .
but the mustang still ran , and that was the important thing .
` ` for one thing , the recoil is murder on a broken arm . ''
it 's not a human thing . ''
i ca n't -- i do n't have the experience to handle this kind of thing . ''
one thing was certain -- there was so much menace coming off her that i did n't dare move .
the way the wind was swirling , that last thing i wanted was to obscure my vision .
i hoped she was watching behind us , because i was riveted to two things : the torch of a tree that was heading for the roof of the suv , and the twisted , flickering shadow of the demon loping after us in pursuit .
but one thing 's for sure , it 'll take out every town on the way , too .
the last thing i needed to deal with , , in addition to fighting the growing hostility of the world around us , was the general population going nuts .
i am pleased that you are not distracted by such a thing at this time . ''
turning it into ice quickly enough to suit our need is another thing entirely . ''
` ` i ' m simply saying that it 's the sort of thing that one ca n't take too seriously , '' high lord riva was saying .
is n't that the important thing ? ''
` ` the important thing , '' he said , ` ` is that we 're still here .
` ` and there 's one other thing .
` ` one last thing ... '' ` ` yes ? ''
` ` but one more thing , '' kevin said .
but as soon as my mind became unfocused , that was the first thing my thoughts went back to .
she tried to stop the tears from coming , to push fidelias 's face into the dark place in her mind with all the other things she cared about .
it 's the principle of the thing , lad .
` ` the important thing is that you acted promptly when you did see it , your grace . ''
` ` the wolf is right about one thing .
` ` this is the one other thing . ''
` ` then it 's a good thing we 're not a corps of legion engineers , '' isana said .
she had to try she now realized why fidelias had wanted her out of the fortress he had wanted to hide this very thing from her , knowing full well that only she and perhaps two or three other people in the fortress would recognize the signet dagger for what it was she shook her head , forcing her thoughts to focus , to take one thing at a time ` ` giraldi !
odiana murmured , ` ` one thing more , master .
i had a huge list of things still to do for the wedding , and i was running out of time , and the last thing i needed to be doing was obsessing about the dress .
healing was , sometimes , kind of a private thing .
` ` you sure about this wedding thing ?
one thing was certain : whether it was a good idea or not for david to be involved in this investigation about the black knife , it was going to have to happen .
the whole thing was obscenely complicated .
not a big one - more of a landscaping kind of thing - but sure enough , lewis obligingly generated some rolling miniature surf .
the areas i could see , at least ; i had no doubt that if i opened up a closet ( or for that matter , a drawer ) i 'd see more of ortega 's collecting fetish , but right now , the only things that mattered to me were open space and privacy .
next thing you know we 'll all be group - hugging and braiding each others ' hair . ''
however , the fascination thing was n't going to be a problem today .
it seemed incredible that victoria and i had been discussing this very thing not an hour previously .
that 's a personal thing , has some skin cells still on it .
` ` whether or not he was telling the truth , that 's another thing . ''
and it was something , you know ... hearing hollis be intuitive enough to hit on the one thing i found i wanted above all else .
for one thing , if they were taking the story about montana warrants seriously , mr . lang would be appearing before a different court .
i had thought i had the whole thing straight in my mind , the whole life - after - death procedure , but now i stood on shaky ground .
maybe you can help me with one more thing . ''
for one thing , he could do the work of about a hundred of them , all by himself , and do it with compassion and control .
there is a great deal of skirmishing over the channel , for one thing ; and then we may be sent in support of a naval operation , or perhaps sent to harass the french shipping independently . ''
obviously haymitch is n't much , but effie trinket is right about one thing , once we 're in the arena he 's all we ' ve got .
` ` when we get to the arena , what 's the best strategy at the cornucopia for someone - ` ` ` ` one thing at a time .
a hundred hands reach up to catch my kiss , as if it were a real and tangible thing .
the dress hangs in such a way that i do n't have to lift the skirt when i walk , leaving me with one less thing to worry about .
how i wish i could be first and get the whole thing out of the way !
but i guess that was a private , not a public thing .
well , he 's right about one thing .
i wonder what gale made of the incident for a moment and then i push the whole thing out of my mind because for some reason gale and peeta do not coexist well together in my thoughts .
the main thing to worry about now is keeping out infection .
i burst out laughing because the whole thing is so revolting i ca n't stand it .
i do and the whole thing seems a lot more manageable , covered in clean white cotton .
oh , right , the whole romance thing .
i chop them very fine and add them to the pot , switch out the rocks again , put on the lid , and let the whole thing stew .
mostly peeta really , there 's no question he 's carrying this romance thing on his shoulders .
when i get home i 'll have to tell him something about why our sundays are a thing of the past , but i ca n't think about that now .
and it would be one thing if i had planned to stir things up , but given the circumstances ... how on earth did i cause so much trouble ?
' '' take his place , haymitch , because all things being equal , i 'd rather peeta had a crack at the rest of his life than you ?
i do n't know why it should , since the whole thing was public .
cinna has a few more things to attend to , so i decide to head down to the ground floor of the remake center , which houses the huge gathering place for the tributes and their chariots before the opening ceremonies .
for one thing , that 's my job .
because for one thing , that 's never been part of my plan .
` ` it 's a fashion thing , posy .
i guess i walked here , but the next thing i ' m conscious of is sitting on the floor in front of the kitchen cabinets of our house in the victor 's village .
when he came out , the only thing he asked about was the goat . ''
i wish i had been at the top of the list because now i ' m really overthinking the whole thing .
as i chew , i try to pay attention to tigris telling us how she acquired it , but the main thing i absorb is that fur underwear is a valuable trading item at the moment .
any small thing that kept his mind his own , however , was precious .
` ` thing is , what if the alien won ? ''
apparently he had the whole magical arts thing mixed up with liberal arts .
i wanted to - dear god i wanted to - and if it were just a matter of a death and some questions , that would be one thing .
nobody was complacent about that kind of thing anymore .
` ` the whole curry thing ?
the important thing was that marion was just as handicapped as i was .
was it a djinn thing or a david thing ?
` ` i ca n't believe you could n't fix a thing like that . ''
as a fire warden , she had to be close to work her magic - not like weather wardens , who can manage things from miles or even countries distant .
` ` i thought , all those years practicing , that only one thing would matter in my life .
working in the garden filled up a large piece of the afternoon , it took his mind off things he did n't really care to think of , and that was enough to justify the aching muscles and the occasional lights of black spots in front of his eyes .
and you got away with it - that 's the important thing . ''
helen 's the important thing .
he turned to mcgovern and said , ` ` you know what was just about the first thing i thought of when i saw you in the red apple parking lot this afternoon ?
we ca n't give in , ralph , that 's the important thing .
one other thing ... '' ralph had started to open the car door .
that was the one thing of which he was sure : he needed to spill all this to someone before it drove him crazy .
one of the things he would definitely leave out was how much the two guys he 'd seen coming out of mrs . locher 's house had looked like the aliens in the tabloids for sale at the red apple .
the thing they were most concerned about , in light of your call , was that may had been scared into a heart - attack - literally frightened to death ' by housebreakers .
the thing i just could n't seem to get over no matter how hard i tried was the thought of carl litchfield telling harold all the things i thought were private .
` ` it was n't the only thing i was wrong about , either .
one thing is perfectly clear , though , is n't it ?
the streaks of black , lustrous as crow feathers , which had returned to his hair were amazing , and so was the disappearance of the ugly pouches beneath his eyes , but the thing he could not seem to take his eyes away from was the way the lines and deep cracks had disappeared from his lips .
it was a small thing ... but it was also an enormous thing .
it was a small thing ... but it was also an enormous thing .
we 'll probably never know exactly how nuts he was before this started , or exactly when atropos cut his balloon - string , but the thing i ' m most curious about at this moment is pretty mundane .
` ` yes , but even things like that are pretty small beans compared to what can and does go on in the world every year .
in that moment , ralph was positive he had seen this kid somewhere before , but he had no idea where - the day near the end of summer when he 'd seen him playing roll - toss with his mother in strawford park was the furthest thing from his mind at that moment .
they left strawford park that way , returning to the short - time level as they came out on harris avenue , slipping back down to their normal place in the scheme of things with no fuss or botherwithout , in fact , even being aware they were doing it until it was done .
i was a longtime insomniac , and this was the kind of thing that could keep me up all night .
` ` there 's one more thing , '' added shaya , twisting a black braid in that nervous habit of hers .
i wish i could , but he 's made it clear ... you know how he feels about everything ... . '' ` ` it 's a human thing , '' i said , only partially lying .
for one thing she had n't expected hire to be quite so tiny , or to have a smile of such sweetness , or a quaint courtesy that seemed more appropriate to an eighteenth - century drawing room .
` ` it was no big thing , '' ackroyd said .
` ` one more thing , '' hiram said .
i ' ve got ... some things ... to take care of right now , but later , if you need something , a place to sleep or something -- '' ` ` i can take care of myself . ''
then you show up , make me fill out the entry form and the next thing i know , i ' m getting a phone call telling me i ' ve won .
for one thing , there was a lot to do up in the bag end garden , and he would have a busy day tomorrow , if the weather cleared .
when i ' ve seen to a thing or two , i 'll come along to your room , if you 're willing . '
i need not repeat all that they said to old bombadil or to one another , but one thing interested me .
otherwise he obviously thought the whole thing rather above my head , and he said that if i had the cheek to make verses about earendil in the house of elrond , it was my affair .
but these things it is the part of gandalf to make clear ; and i call upon him last , for it is the place of honour , and in all this matter he has been the chief . '
for one thing , the tale he told of his loss agreed with that which bilbo has now told openly for the first time ; but that mattered little , since i had already guessed it .
frodo has a better head for that sort of thing . '
he was wrapped in some fair memory : and as frodo looked at him he knew that he beheld things as they once had been in this same place .
' i would ask one thing before we go , ' said frodo , ' a thing which i often meant to ask gandalf in rivendell .
' i would ask one thing before we go , ' said frodo , ' a thing which i often meant to ask gandalf in rivendell .
is it not a strange fate that we should suffer so much fear and doubt for so small a thing ?
so small a thing !
still there 's one thing the fine fellows do n't know : mauhur and his lads are in the forest , and they should turn up any time now . '
' for one thing it would take a long while : my name is growing all the time , and i ' ve lived a very long , long time ; so my name is like a story .
things have changed , but it is still true in places . '
but our hearts did not go on growing in the same way : the ents gave their love to things that they met in the world , and the entwives gave their thought to other things , for the ents loved the great trees ; and the wild woods , and the slopes of the high hills ; and they drank of the mountain - streams , and ate only such fruit as the trees let fall in their path ; and they learned of the elves and spoke with the trees .
they are all roused now , and their mind is all on one thing : breaking isengard .
' in one thing you have not changed , dear friend , ' said aragorn : ' you still speak in riddles . '
it is a thing beyond the counsel of the wise .
we tracked you as far as the forest , but there are still many things that i should like to know the truth of . '
one thing he had noted , that in all the talk the name of gollum had not once come up .
i ' ve got watchers at every point , and i ' m going to deal with one thing at a time .
for one thing , tomorrow will be certain to bring worse than today , for many days to come .
but most surely not for any argument would he have set this thing at a hazard beyond all but a fool 's hope , risking our utter ruin , if the enemy should recover what he lost .
in them lies our brief hope , for in one thing only is the enemy still poorly provided : he has few horsemen . '
still there are things deeper and higher ; and not a gaffer could tend his garden in what he calls peace but for them , whether he knows about them or not .
' concerning this thing , my lords , you now all know enough for the understanding of our plight , and of sauron 's .
the whole thing is quite hopeless , so it 's no good worrying about tomorrow .
for one thing , this hurt would take long to heal , and only his great - grandchildren , he thought , would see the shire as it ought to be .
the next thing i know he 's escorted domdaniel into the wizard tower and up to ... er , well , up to your rooms , marcia . ''
` ` and one last thing , rat 101 .
the next thing he knew mad jack had his right paw in a vicelike grip and had thrown the donkey blanket over him , bundled him up so tightly that he could not even try to struggle and had taken him into the hovel .
you are to go to the far countries while i try and sort things out here . ''
one big , impossible thing that he was almost too scared to think about .
boy 412 's parentage was the last thing simon cared about , or was ever likely to as far as he could imagine .
' we manage to break even , sir , yes , ' said shady , as if it was a close - run thing .
' but one last thing , if i may .
but they were n't human and they had glowing eyes , and people could get touchy about that sort of thing .
' one final thing , sir .
it was sometimes hard to tell in all the ponderousness what de worde actually thought about anything , but it appeared through the rolling fog of polysyllables that the times believed moist von lipwig to be , on the whole and all things considered , taking the long view and one thing with another , probably the right man in the right job .
for one thing , i wo n't be storing it in my cellar , i 'll be storing it in someone else 's pocket .
such a small thing , and yet so dangerous . '
he 'll be ten minutes having a nice cup of tea , just to teach me a lesson , five minutes to find out the clacks is n't working , about one second to decide that he 'll be blowed if he 's going to sort out the fault on a night like this , another second to think : the paperwork was okay , he 'd checked for the watermark , and that was the main thing ... call it twenty minutes , give or take .
' just one thing , igor ... ' ' yeth , thur ? '
but the important thing was that nothing had been broken and no one had been killed .
it might not be even a particular thing , it was just a sheer platonic wrongness - and he did not like mr clamp 's expression at all .
but it 's a clan thing , you see .
' look , the only thing that is important here is that mr bent had ... a nasty turn and locked himself in the gold vault .
' one last thing , moist .
it thinks god made the worldcthat space and time , heat and cold , and all the colours and tastes , and all the animals and vegetables , are things that god ' made up out of his head ' as a man makes up a story .
you may have noticed that modern people are nearly always thinking about the first thing and forgetting the other two .
when people say in the newspapers that we are striving for christian moral standards , they usually mean that we are striving for kindness and fair play between nations , and classes , and individuals ; that is , they are thinking only of the first thing .
unless we go on to the second thing - the tidying up inside each human being - we are only deceiving ourselves .
and this free choice is the only thing that morality is concerned with .
if love is the whole thing , then the promise can add nothing ; and if it adds nothing , then it should not be made .
now i must turn to faith in the second or higher sense and this is the most difficult thing i have tackled yet .
now that is the first thing to get clear .
the thing that matters is being actually drawn into that three - personal life , and that may begin any time - to - night , if you like .
` ` for one thing , the nobility is going to get suspicious if she does n't start going to parties again .
` ` it 's probably a good thing that we did n't have children .
` ` now , if there is n't anything else , playing both nobleman and beggar in one evening has made me dreadfully tired ... . '' ` ` there is one other thing , master kelsier , '' sazed said .
` ` oh , one other thing , '' kelsier said after a bit of walking .
a thing of shadows , not of parties and balls .
you apparently rely on her quite a bit for that sort of thing . ''
it was a small thing , but it seemed important .
` ` oh , one other thing , '' elend said hesitantly .
that little thing .
` ` you make it sound like a trivial thing , vin , '' he said .
a place where things were n't so complicated .
the only thing he worried about was vin .
that moment was a small thing , far too simple to credit with your large - scale failure .
ham 's right about one thing , elend thought as his carriage pulled to a stop .
` ` we should have been working on this sort of thing years ago . ''
` ` then there 's one last thing i need to ask of you all . ''
` ` vin , '' elend said with a smile , ` ` i really do n't think ' destiny ' is the sort of thing we need to worry about right now .
however , there was one thing of which she was fairly confident .
what she had said to patresen was n't really that important - the important thing was that vin had been seen confronting the woman .
` ` ` ` it 's a good thing we 're not eating , then , '' elend said , smiling slightly .
one more thing , he thought .
it was a simple thing , related to his duties as an ambassador .
yet , one thing seems to press on me again and again .
` ` one thing that we scholars tend to forget about , yomen , is the impact emotion can have on a battle .
` ` we have spoken of this thing already , '' said kanpaar , leader of the seconds .
` ` you ' ve got a good mind for this sort of thing . ''
and miles would have agreed with the move , save for one thing .
` ` she is right about one thing , '' mistral said , and his eyes held regret .
if the seelie did not see me as an unclean thing , i could have bedded one of their sidhe women long ago .
agnes is right in one thing : i am near blinded by my desire to be with another sidhe , so blinded that i let a seelie woman bind me .
the delicate herbs tickled along my foot , as if reminding me that there were some things more important than love .
such a place would save you from faerie , or call faerie to you - like so many things with us , there was never a yes , or no , but a yes , a no , and a sometimes .
` ` it 's the last thing in this world i 'd have a problem with , love . ''
as messed up as it sounded , it was the only thing that was truly hers .
` ` their strength is n't the only thing you have to worry about .
` ` um , pay attention to the important thing at hand , '' she reminded him drily .
` ` it 's probably a good thing you wo n't take me up on my offer . ''
` ` all i ' ve heard is that it 's a personal thing . ''
all of this sounded like it could be micah , except the personal thing .
he sighed , the same sound he made so many times when she would pester him about one thing or another .
granted , mel got excited over things like grasshoppers in the house , branches that looked like snakes in the yard , and ... butterflies flying around , but i 'd never seen her like this .
stopping him had been the last thing in my mind , and when he 'd deepened the kiss , a deep fierce ache had woken inside me .
now i knew i was right on the whole curves thing .
closing it behind her , i had one last thing to take care of .
` ` worldly things are very important to you , '' dr . meadows said .
one thing was for sure , they 'd never let me set foot in riverside again .
one thing was for sure : if i 'd been dreaming , i 'd know my werewolf essay was going to my head .
that is the most important thing .
the only thing on my mind was being in his arms .
with everything he had to worry about , the first thing on his mind was the well - being of the town .
the odd thing was that it did not very greatly disquiet him .
for one thing , they were too big for such a wind , but that was not the whole secret .
we do not truly see light , we only see slower things lit by it , so that for us light is on the edge - the last thing we know before things become too swift for us .
but of this we know less than you ; it is a thing we desire to look into . ''
and secondly i wish to hear of thulcandra and of maleldil 's strange wars there with the bent one ; for that , as i have said , is a thing we desire to look into . ''
i 'd once suggested we spice things up with some toys .
for one thing , the two sides , as you call them , have begun to appear much more clearly , much less mixed , here on earth , in our own human affairs - to show in something a little more like their true colours . ''
one thing is certain , that he came back from venus even more changed than he had come back from mars .
the whole thing had been a misunderstanding .
` ` look here , '' said ransom , ` ` one wants to be careful about this sort of thing .
` ` i am wondering , '' said the woman 's voice , ` ` whether all the people of your world have the habit of talking about the same thing more than once .
this is the one thing of all the things he desires in which he must have no finger .
but there is no cause for fear in this little thing : rather for joy .
o thicken the rind by one centimetre - to live one week , one day , one half hour longer - that 's the only thing that matters .
` ` he will think that this is a grievous thing in your eyes . ''
you would not call that steadying of himself a last thing ? ''
her breathy voice trembled , and sabelle knew that her tone told him that the last thing she wanted was for him to stop .
one more thing , in case sterling mactavish was still reluctant to believe mathias and the anarki were back .
` ` but one thing we do know is that he would have to abandon hope of controlling the council , at least for now .
` ` and for another thing , '' said edmund , ` ` cair paravel was n't on an island . ''
but one thing before we go on .
` ` this castle is a thing of yesterday .
` ` it is a good thing we have a learned man among us , '' said trufflehunter ; but trumpkin muttered under his breath , ` ` soup and celery !
` ` there is one thing , sire , '' said doctor cornelius , ` ` that should perhaps be done first .
and if we 're to go back to the island and begin all over again - even supposing we could - we might as well give the whole thing up .
though , it was a near thing . ''
` ` for one thing it was n't you , it was your royal brother , king edmund , who first suggested going by glasswater . ''
and the next thing she knew was that she was kissing him and putting her arms as far round his neck as she could and burying her face in the beautiful rich silkiness of his mane .
` ` yeah , sure thing .
because one thing was for sure : once they cracked the cage to let him out , he was n't taking this shit lying down anymore .
and making beds and cookery and all that sort of thing ? ''
he hardly had to bother about the whole respiratory thing , the spleen seemed to be working after a fashion , the senses were operating at full speed .
the important thing about all these was that they happened a long way away , possibly by some kind of divine intervention .
and that was another thing your posh vampire did n't have to worry about .
for one thing , what she was doing had taken on a hallucinatory quality - surely she could not simply be walking out of her house and her marriage on the spur of the moment , could she ?
she paused , and was for a moment close to giving the whole thing up before she even got to the front door .
at that moment she would not have traded her place in the scheme of things for anyone 's .
how much that glance had to do with what happened a short time later was something of which she was never sure , but it did place the engagement ring , which in the ordinary course of things she hardly ever thought of at all , somewhere toward the front of her mind .
that 's probably why i could n't remember when you asked me , inspector daniels , although my head for that sort of thing is usually quite good . ''
two things were certain : this was the first time in his life he 'd ever brought flowers to a woman he did n't know , and he had n't felt this nervous about asking for a date since he 'd been sixteen years old .
` ` well , you ought to remember one thing while you 're dickering , '' curtis said , putting the tape boxes on a high shelf where dozens of similar boxes were ranged like thin white books .
and there was something else , the one thing she did not really want to approach head - on .
` ` i did notice and i do like it , but i had this other thing on my mind - being afraid i might never see you again , i mean . ''
one thing at a time , rosie , practical - sensible whispered .
and even as she was preparing herself with these thoughts , an alien , frightened voice at the back of her mind was moaning , lost , this is what you get for leaving your husband , this is how it all turns out , lost in the maze , playing hide - and - seek with a bull in the dark , doing errands for madwomen ... this is what happens to bad wives , to wives who get above their place in the scheme of things .
her troubling dream of bill and the poisoned fruit , her questions about where or how she might have come by the armlet , and her confused feelings about the picture she 'd bought , then unframed , then hidden away in the closet like a secret ... all these things faded behind a larger and more immediate concern : her date .
that was n't the important thing , though .
just the kind of thing a man who 's only pretending to be a cripple might forget , if his mind was on other things .
he would remind her that this was a family thing , that- '' i am going to bust him , '' hale said mildly .
the whole thing felt weirdly loose , however , as if the tendons had been savagely stretched and might take quite some time to tighten up again .
` ` just stay put , that 's the main thing . ''
rose was the important thing here , rose and that little laugh of hers .
yet these things were overwhelmed by the horror of his screams , his agonized shrieks as rose madder ... as she did whatever it was she was doing .
there was only one thing he would like more , and that was to know where the hell norman daniels had gotten himself off to .
and the next thing the dogs knew was being whirled all over the place in water gone mad , bumping into giddy fishes and spinning sea - trees , scared out of their lives in a cloud of uprooted weeds , sand , shells , slugs , periwinkles , and oddments .
and he had started the whole thing with that trouser - bite .
the only thing he d shown genuine interest in since coming to work with her ?
in fact , i had a call from a rival today , feeling me out on the same thing .
the first item on her agenda was the thing she excelled at most .
next thing he knew , he had his fingers buried between her slick folds , counting the seconds until his c*ck could replace them .
his hair was the only thing that seemed black on black .
` ` you 're right on one thing , rhys , the goblins do not see same - sex sex as a bad or a shameful thing .
maybe it was more of a power thing than a sex thing , like most rapes .
maybe it was more of a power thing than a sex thing , like most rapes .
i was deep in power , but about this one thing i was clear .
` ` this is simply too large a thing to keep secret .
` ` please , frost , please , it is a small thing .
` ` well handled , '' barinthus said , with a smile , ` ` but the publicist is right about one thing .
he was tall and pale , with his fall of ankle - length black hair the only thing that shielded his body from our view .
` ` like i said , this really is n't my thing .
we exchanged greetings , and then i dove in , deciding to save the jasmine thing for last .
` ` okay , and about the other thing ... '' ` ` yeah ? ''
and was n't it a small thing to ensure i did n't tear anyone else apart inadvertently ?
one more thing , and we 're set . ''
` ` just not my thing , that 's all . ''
it was less of a sexual thing and more of a what the hell have you gotten us into ?
a condom was a small thing to ask .
maybe i felt guilty about the sex thing .
probably i should have let the discussion go then , but one more thing was still on my mind tonight .
sex was not the only thing between us , even if it was the only thing that stood between us .
` ` this whole thing is embarrassing enough .
` ` there 's ... one other thing ... '' i turned back around , not liking the tone in his voice .
such a small thing , i thought sadly , compared to his grandiose examples .
` ` we 're wasting time , '' i exclaimed , wanting to derail peter from this whole image thing .
so did the , uh , other thing . ''
yet , one thing that was obvious to me - and only me , apparently - was that if the angel really did outclass jerome , then roman could n't do anything to him , not if the rule about nephilim power not exceeding parental power held true .
the only thing that matters is me following their orders . ''
from his expression now , you 'd think that was the last thing on his mind .
there was another thing for me to worry about .
` ` you know i ca n't interfere with that kind of thing .
a girl 's virtue was a sacred thing , one that reflected on her father and family as a whole .
seth ending things with maddie so abruptly was crazy - almost crazier than him proposing to her in the first place .
` ` well , you ' ve got one more thing . ''
i could n't even decide this one thing .
` ` it looks like it 's a good thing we did n't come when the call first hit us , or we might be dying too , '' said a voice from the dark .
you 'd think that the interviewer might ask about the whole thousand years thing , but she did n't .
she 'd forced herself to take things slowly and let their relationship progress with as few games as possible , not wanting to sabotage a good thing .
` ` i trust you will not allow a minor thing like your lust for this human to deter you from claiming what is ours . ''
` ` you did n't seem too broken up about the whole thing last night .
this thing was so cut - and - dried , it could n't be any simpler .
as if he dealt with this sort of thing all the time .
` ` ordinarily the candidates are never told that they're- '' ` ` see , that 's my problem with this whole thing .
it was another thing she had to consider , that he would n't give a rat 's ass if she was dead or alive or burning in hell by now .
marrok hated showing anyone his weakness , but now , at this moment , the only thing that mattered was having olivia returned to him safe and whole .
olivia wondered how such a small thing could have caused one man so much agony .
` ` there 's one thing , '' said curry in a slightly less intimate tone , ` ` that perhaps you ought to know about dick . ''
` ` we have n't time now , but there 's one thing about him i wanted to discuss with you . ''
pragmatometry is going to be a big thing .
` ` the only thing i should like to get just a little clearer is the exact - well , the exact scope of the appointment . ''
` ` i am afraid i do n't believe in that sort of thing , '' said jane coldly .
he was writing with his tongue in his cheek - a phrase that somehow comforted him by making the whole thing appear like a practical joke .
we do n't want that sort of thing here at all .
` ` well , for one thing , '' said lucy , ` ` i like it because the ship looks as if it was really moving .
and the next thing eustace knew was two agonizing jabs in his hand which made him let go of the tail ; and the next thing after that was that the mouse had picked itself up again as if it were a ball bouncing off the deck , and there it was facing him , and a horrid long , bright , sharp thing like a skewer was waving to and fro within an inch of his stomach .
they bowed most politely to caspian and paid him long compliments , all about the fountains of prosperity irrigating the gardens of prudence and virtue - and things like that - but of course what they wanted was the money they had paid .
and for another thing , the muscles and nerves of the dragon - claws that he had to use had never learned to write and were not built for writing anyway .
one thing that worried her a good deal was the size of the book .
( he was soon sorry he had spoken because then he had to explain that an inaudible thing is something you ca n't hear , and though he took a lot of trouble he never felt sure that the monopods had really understood , and what especially annoyed him was that they said in the end , ` ` eh , he ca n't put things the way our chief does .
my own jade green eyes stared back at me , framed by my long , dark hair.those things were the same , familiar.but my body was different.it was shorter , slighter , older .
normally , i would n't have let the matter rest , except one important thing distracted me now.my bloodstone was no longer lying on the bed .
hasani was the only thing that mattered .
i quickly rushed through several plans of action- and unfortunately , none seemed to end well for me.but one thing was obvious.i could n't go there right now.i would stand out like a sore thumb in the daylight .
` ` but the important thing was that you were able to do it.there is something special about you , charmian .
* ( 17 ) but melian laughed not , nor said aught thereto ; for in many things was she wise and forewise -- yet nonetheless it was a thing unthought in a mad dream that any elf , still less a maiden , the daughter of that king who had longest defied melko , should fare alone even to the borders of that sorrowful country amid which lies angband and the hells of iron .
yet alas , even had that gold of the rodothlim held no evil spell still had that carcanet been a thing of little luck , for the dwarves were full of bitterness , and all its links were twined with baleful thoughts .
now even as he sought to do so , behold one seized his throat suddenly from behind , and it was bodruith , who filled with the same lust sought also to make that lovely thing his own ; but coming upon ufedhin would slay him by reason of his kinship to naugladur .
for one thing , she did not have kids , and how could people who did n't have kids tell you how to raise them , how could they understand ?
i do n't ... not my kind of thing . '
the very last thing he wanted was for pagford to know that he was in love with mary before he had a chance to tell her himself .
she should ' ve waited on the whole thing , she told herself .
tell me what your granny said was the most important thing about your power , about the craft ? ''
and i ' m apologizing and trying to make it like no big thing , and he grabs me . ''
no , he 'd not think of such a thing .
` ` i know it 's a small thing , but i floated all the feathers at once .
` ` it 's not a small thing .
` ` it is n't easy to talk about this kind of thing at the stables .
` ` i ' ve a thing or two to see to in the workshop now that my head 's clear , '' branna continued .
` ` it 's a private thing . ''
now , with the sweet mare for company in the quiet stables , he could roll through all the things crowding his mind .
` ` and i never have much liked women in my place , as they tend to fuss or leave things behind , or bring little bits over , look to change the order of things . ''
i ' ve told him , as you gathered , to go on , as men can just jam things up .
she must have slowed down too much for pinky 's taste , because next thing she knew her friend grabbed her by her hand , yanked open the large wood paneled door and pulled her into the building .
bad enough she entranced him so she was the only thing on his mind .
one thing was certain , it was a shifter .
he believed so whole - heartedly in the discipline and control the blackthorn tree represented , that he was known to take things a little too far at times .
the only thing she wanted to think about .
if this was any other place and if i had n't hired the caterer , things could be different .
again , the old me would ' ve done the responsible thing and return to work , but i still was n't ready to do things the old ashley way .
was it a good thing that she 'd grown so used to it , and to all the old houses on crowhaven road ?
she 'd wanted this for so long , she did n't want to mess it up , but there was one thing she could n't let go .
` ` the important thing is that you 're okay , '' adam said , allowing himself to be drawn in .
` ` adam , one more thing . ''
` ` it is a small thing , but still important - because you 'll be king in your own time .
while many boys in peter 's position would have become too conscious of their own grand place in the scheme of things to play with anyone not of their own class , peter became best friends with a boy named ben staad when both children were eight .
flagg had most assuredly been right about one thing on the day he advised roland against letting peter play with the dollhouse : servants were everywhere , they see everything , and their tongues wag .
still , the castle 's head groom , yosef , was right about one thing : boys are sometimes better at pledging vows than they are at keeping them , and thomas 's desire to spy on his father at last grew stronger than both his fears and his good intentions .
peter had always been a blunt boy ; it was a pity that his surface bluntness had concealed such depths of calculation , but the important thing was that such bluntness , probably the result of a boy 's stupid bravado , would speed things up .
` ` one other thing , '' peter said softly .
that is another thing you must decide for yourself .
flagg ignoring him was another , even more important thing .
there was only one thing , of course - the young king was his master .
oh , i suppose all men of intelligence know how fragile such things as law and justice and civilization really are , but it 's not a thing they think of willingly , because it disturbs one 's rest and plays hob with one 's appetite .
but as the night came on and the moon with its ghostly fairy - ring rose in the sky , that was a thing easier resolved upon than done .
one thing he did make his mind up about was not to bother to get up very early and cook everybody else 's wretched breakfast .
now it is a strange thing , but things that are good to have and days that are good to spend are soon told about , and not much to listen to ; while things that are uncomfortable , palpitating , and even gruesome , may make a good tale , and take a deal of telling anyway .
in all their talk they came perpetually back to one thing : where was now if you wish , like the dwarves , to hear news of smaug , you must go back again to the evening when he smashed the door and flew off in rage , two days before .
that 's one less thing for you to worry about . ''
` ` actually , there 's one more thing . ''
faye was the furthest thing from his mind , cassie was sure of that .
` ` one more thing , '' she said in a voice only a step above a whisper .
as yet no flower had bloomed nor any bird had sung , for these things waited still their time in the bosom of yavanna ; but wealth there was of her imagining , and nowhere more rich than in the midmost parts of the earth , where the light of both the lamps met and blended .
one thing only marred the design of manwe .
even as they spoke together of these things , walking without heed of aught else , celegorm and curufin rode up , hastening through the forest ; and the brothers espied them and knew them for afar .
` ` it was a closer thing than they would have you believe , these days .
such a tiny thing .
` ` one thing at a time , '' she said , taking his hand .
' know about this sort of thing , do you ? '
william was used to a certain amount , usually from clients of his news letter complaining that he had n't told them about the double - headed giants , plagues and rains of domestic animals that they had heard had been happening in ankh - morpork ; his father had been right about one thing , at least , when he 'd asserted that lies could run round the world before the truth could get its boots on .
' one last thing , sir .
well , we 're not prejudiced about that sort of thing the sergeant did not answer .
' i knocked on the door to take him his copy of the paper as he 'd requested , his lordship opened it , i walked into the room ... and the next thing i know i was waking up here with mr igor looking at me . '
this man knows things ' hard to know any -- ing thing when you 're dead , ' snarled mr tulip .
she knew william 's background , being the kind of woman who finds out about that kind of thing very quickly , and the twitching was a sign of some internal struggle based around the definite fact that seventy thousand dollars was a respectable sum .
i give up zer whole thing !
' he knows how to think about this sort of thing . '
everyone knows you 're a bit ... a bit unimaginative about that sort of thing . '
it 's like ... a killing is a big thing , but another killing , that 's kind of half the size .
some areas of sacharissa 's mind that dealt with things like death and terror were signalling to be heard at this point , but , being part of sacharissa , they were trying to do it in a ladylike way , and so she ignored them .
' people are interested in that sort of thing . '
i ' ve got nearly the whole thing .
that was n't the important thing at the moment .
like i was the go - to girl for that kind of thing .
i had no affinity for this whole hiking thing , and while the outdoors looked pretty , as far as i was concerned it 'd look even prettier seen from the window of a passing car .
` ` there 's no normal when you talk about a thing like this , jo .
one thing at a time , jo .
if i 'd ever been in a helicopter before , i did n't know it , but one thing was for certain : i sure did n't like it .
` ` second thing : do you think i can do what i did with cherise - that memory thing - with other people ? ''
you think a little thing like distance is going to matter ?
` ` one other thing , '' lewis said .
kevin was looking dangerously angry , but lewis solved the whole thing by moving the guard back , taking cherise 's hand , and saying , ` ` she comes with us .
kevin shot lewis an utterly mistrustful look , then made it a group thing , because it was the same look he gave marion , then me .
whoever was driving that thing had an intimate knowledge of being in the thick of things .
` ` for one thing , you ' ve done it before - and , of course , so have more than a few of the weather wardens , for fun and profit .
and i was n't capable of handling that kind of thing , anyway , not that i 'd be admitting it to him anytime soon .
the detective was looking faintly disappointed with the whole thing .
` ` one other thing , '' i said , and pointed a thumb at ashan .
demanded a warden from the floor , who was too angry to let a little thing like my mood swings stop him .
` ` if a monarch does n't take care of that kind of thing , i ' m not really sure what they 're supposed to do . ''
i got the impression a lot of rulers do n't bother themselves with that kind of thing . ''
i did n't have a huge amount of respect for volusian , but he 'd been right about one thing .
i still recall twelve years ago , some army officer found out captain st . ger - main when she got wounded at toulon ; he made a wretched to - do over the whole thing , and it nearly got into the papers : idiotic affair . ''
i do not know that i have ever ( to speak of things merely mortal ) been in such dread as i was for the rest of that day dread that feels as if there were an empty place between your belly and your chest .
a thing that had often irked me had now been our salvation .
` ` i should be greatly afraid , '' said he , ` ` but for one thing .
` ` the next thing i knew - really knew - was that i was off the litter and on the hot earth , and they were fastening me to the tree with iron round my waist .
and besides these , fast and whirling thoughts , wakeful as a madman 's : about psyche and my hard riddle , and also of another thing .
for when i told psyche that he and bardia were both agreed about her lover i meant what was very true ; both agreed it was some shameful or dreadful thing .
i had never used sharps before ; nothing hung on my sham battles but the hope of pleasing my teacher ( not that that was a small thing to me either ) .
and so the thing that i had thought of for so many years at last slipped by in a huddle of business which was , at that moment , of more consequence .
but the truth is that after my battle with argan there were only three wars that i fought , and one of them , the last , against the wagon men who live beyond the grey mountain , was a very slight thing .
but one thing was certain : i had never thought at all how it might be with her when i turned first to the fox and then to psyche .
one thing 's certain ; in my mad midnight fantasies ( ansit dead , or , better still , proved whore , witch , or traitress ) when he was at last to be seeking my love , i always had him begin by imploring my forgiveness .
laurence only with difficulty persuaded him to consider it as anything other than a settled thing ; temeraire was already inclined to be making plans for the use of his future wealth .
` ` anyway , it ai n't as though we flew off straightaway , or left him on purpose , '' roland said , but this was not a settled thing amongst the men .
a smugglers ' trail , which should by necessity come to a definite conclusion in some fixed harbor , was one thing ; but the natives might go anywhere at all in their own country , and in circles if they wished .
all i require is that you do not interfere with my orders , and we will manage the thing ourselves . ''
he was not much of a dancer even in the overland , and the last thing he wanted to do was strut his stuff in front of a bunch of people ... doing what ?
first of all , it was a personal thing .
the last thing he wanted to do was crush this moment of victory with his own troubles .
the whole thing suddenly seemed like a ridiculous game that could easily have been replaced by another game , a hand of cards , a chess match , a roll of the dice .
it was not the kind of thing they discussed .
after his father 's situation , the thing pressing most on him had been the condition of the underlanders .
` ` the whole thing , '' thought gregor , but he said , ` ` maybe we could just go through it a piece at a time . ''
` ` that is no small thing with the spinners . ''
` ` there is one other thing .
but there 's another thing ... , '' said gregor .
maybe it was n't polite to ask , but it was the main thing gregor wanted to know .
so it seemed a small enough thing to let her have her way about the laundry room .
` ` that 's the main thing .
now before we enter the jungle , let me make one thing clear .
he thought a lot about the prophecy , too , and one thing still confused him .
for one thing , most of the jobs he was asked to do did not need doing , and most of the senior wizards did not care if they were not done , provided they were not not done by themselves .
' do n't you worry about a thing .
not that sort of thing .
- i mean , you deal with this sort of thing all the time , do n't you ?
the whole thing . '
' of course , they have tons of stuff in there that 's never really been looked at properly and the city was going through a prudish period then and did n't care to know about that sort of thing . '
lord vetinari is very keen on that sort of thing . '
' a lot of that sort of thing about , apparently , ' said ridcully .
personally i like the occasional bit of sturm and drang , but lord vetinari is a tad particular about that sort of thing . '
' yes , but it is the look of the thing .
just one thing : that was n't magic , because we would know , so how was it done ? '
i ' m sure she does n't want to get involved in all that sort of thing . '
' look , we 're already learning about this sort of thing down at the shop .
but the important thing is to go right now .
oh , yescand one other thing .
she was n't at all certain about the whole thing , but nutt was sitting there looking far less bedraggled and the rest of them were treating him as one of themselves .
ponder stibbons , in the path of their advance , calculated quite a lot of things very quickly , such as speed , wind direction and the likelihood of being physically trodden into the turf .
' what do you know about that sort of thing ? '
' oh , just one more thing .
mrs whitlow wanted me to put a stocking on it , but i told her that i ' m not interested in that sort of thing . '
that sort of thing was n't beyond her .
it was a simple thing , really .
` ` i ' m here because you said that this sort of thing was important , '' it seemed to say .
maybe bring the whole thing . ''
some things were transitory here in the wolf dream ; leaves lay in a pile by his feet at one moment , but then were gone the next .
al'thor was ta'veren , but the pattern was a thing of balance .
aludra could be particular about that kind of thing .
` ` rand 's the one you want for that sort of thing .
` ` one thing bothers me , however , '' verin said .
there is one more thing i must tell you .
there had to be approaching fifty knots in the thing by now .
it seemed to be a thing of women , though .
this is not a thing of wolves .
in this place , sometimes things were more real than in the waking world .
such a simple thing , but the implications would be far - reaching indeed .
she was proud that she did n't miss a step as they walked , but it was a near thing .
` ` see '' , talmanes muttered , ` ` it is a good thing i have no sense of humor , otherwise i should think the pattern was playing a joke on me .
any document like this must give a way to settle such things ; you must set up a way to punish an infraction save for the other countries to enter all - out war .
` ` this is a thing of the women '' , sarinde added .
in fact , as mat thought about it , he had never met a people who were not prickly about one thing or another .
this is not a thing you should contemplate '' .
` ` its a dangerous thing you ask '' .
she worried about one thing .
` ` highness , one more thing , the marath'damane .
but the most important thing right now was destroying those aes sedai on the other side of the heights .
you are my servant in this thing , the hand that holds my axe to chop down the tree .
about one thing , you are wrong .
well , he supposed there were things he 'd say the same thing about .
it was a thing of killing '' .
the last thing on her mind was jax .
but after seeing jax , money had been the last thing on her mind .
like it was n't the first thing on his mind . ''
the only thing that mattered to her now was jax , here with her .
cherise 's glitter - bright flirting had reminded me , with a chill , that i was n't some sweet young girl anymore , and next thing i knew i 'd be buying in the women 's world section where dowdy clothes go to die .
the bed was the only thing that mattered right now .
i swear , if i 'd had one more thing to think about , i do n't think even the therapy would have helped . ''
` ` wow , that would be great , but i ' ve got a thing today .
allowing us to die was another thing entirely .
yet another thing i should have found the time to ask .
the fabric of things unraveled , and time twisted on its axis , and the sky went black and red and gold and green and a color that should only exist on the aetheric , but the aetheric was burning , everything was burning at levels that could never catch fire because this should n't happen ... and the storm died with him .
it seemed like the simplest thing in the world last night , but now ... '' ` ` not such a big shot in the cold light of day , is he ? ''
timas shrugs as if it 's no big thing , then raises his rifle so we can see more .
` ` we ca n't even consider such a thing . ''
and that was a thing to think about , climbing the road as we went up and up until we could look down on the city .
` ` one thing is clear as to caiaphas , '' my uncle cleopas interjected whenever he could .
sunshine boy , baby boy , little boy , little brother , little reuben , what do you know about death , what do you know about suffering , what makes you think , why would you ever try , why , you , ve never focused on any one thing longer than - .
he was remembering things - the scent of the alleyway , garbage , urine ; the scent of the woman , a tender perfume suffused with an acid smell , almost citruslike - the smell of fear ?
though there was one little thing worth salvaging : in several movies , the power to become a werewolf was referred to as a ` ` gift . ''
it was altogether different , the old rhythm , the old way of things , and oh , so indefinably sweet .
but there was one thing - the gold wristwatch .
the man , s an endocrinologist , a specialist in this very kind of thing . ''
this was a secret thing , and could be shared perhaps with felix nideck , and always , and forever , as long as that might be , with laura .
yes , the house was expensive , but they didn , t heat the whole thing every day , did they ?
` ` because nobody , i mean nobody , was going to even remotely consider such a thing . ''
he thought of all the things he had to do for his son , all the things he 'd have to assure , and one thing seemed absolutely certain , that he would never let the secret of the chrism enter the life of his son , that he would shield his son from it even if it meant taking him away from nideck point when the time came .
what if he does n't want these earthbound entities lingering here , gaining power , lying to themselves , privileging their personal survival over the grand scheme of things ? ''
maybe phil was studying the foliage in the photograph and thinking of mundane things , like where it might have been taken , or observing details about the men 's clothing and guns .
soon only lisa and jean pierre and heddy were left putting this or that little thing in order , and felix had flopped down in the wing chair by the library fire , kicking off his patent - leather dress shoes .
but the main thing is you need n't be the least concerned .
no , you can be certain on one thing now ; this man will not live ! ''
not a simple thing .
one thing was for certain , though , he did seem like the sort of man to be easily led astray .
one thing was certain : eli was affiliated with the church somehow , either as a worker or as a parishioner .
` ` no , but we got our team in place shortly after and have been watching things since .
i considered calling him to task on the nancy drew thing , but it was better than cupcake , so i let it slide .
` ` suffice it to say , as requests go it 's a minor thing , is it not ?
luckily , pen was right about one thing .
after i 'd calmed down a little , i realized he 'd been right about one thing .
` ` oh , and one thing ? ''
` ` but the main thing is , the potion itself .
problem was , the one thing i needed help with , i had to do alone .
because one thing was sure , i 'd quit the team before i helped him slither his way out of an investigation .
` ` naturally , owens had n't been briefed on the case , which was the first thing he chewed my ass out about when he called me an hour ago . ''
` ` now , about the other thing . ''
for all they knew the whole thing would come out as a puddle of goo , but under the present circumstances , he decided against voicing his opinion .
good thing he was so fixated on shoving his things into his duffel bag , he did n't notice my admiration .
there was only one thing on her mind . ''
` ` because i do n't discuss this kind of thing with random people . ''
it 's definitely a gender thing . ''
` ` i did n't know you were into the whole chase thing .
first thing , get yourself dressed .
` ` it 's a good thing you 're sitting down for this . ''
he 'd been right about one thing , if i chose to stay with the laurents , we 'd be seeing a lot of each other .
the only thing we have to focus on now is finding vera and getting rid of the murphy threat .
i 'd have loved to join her , but i knew sex was the last thing on her mind .
i could n't imagine how much she 'd been through in her life , but at the moment the only thing i could worry about was protecting casey .
i think she was getting a kick out of the whole thing .
i was usually on top of that sort of thing .
` ` it 's a good thing you 're not driving then . ''
it 's a good thing you 're not driving . ''
there 'd be time for that later , but at the moment the only thing that mattered was having her , connecting with her in a physical way again .
the only thing that mattered was talking to mom , and when i got service back , i would n't be able to call her .
the most important thing to me was halle , and even after two miles with her small yet surprisingly heavy frame , the goal of getting her to mom kept my feet moving forward .
` ` the only thing that matters is that he did it , and now it 's a reality for us all . ''
but then , a wistful look appeared in his eyes , one that indicated that maybe writing was n't the only thing on his mind .
but i just want to know , once and for all , the truth about just one thing in this whole tangled mess .
` ` does n't matter if the whole thing is a moot point . ''
i thought maybe it was some lesbian thing , like she was going to show me her tits and ask me to rub them .
chris climbs to his feet , covering his thing with one hand .
their neighbor , bessie love , had assured gwendolyn that if she wore her lucky dress , she would nt have to worry about a thing , but right that minute , gwendolyn had serious doubts about both bessies luck and her bosom .
oh , the chaplin thing ?
he was older now , his eyes more crinkly and his hair largely a thing of the past .
marcus did nt know where to go or who to talk to , but one thing was for damn sure : he was nt going to meet anyone by sitting in his dark little room .
gwendolyn scattered her things across the coffee table and stretched out on the white damask sofa .
this guy is so completely the opposite of all the slick hollywood phoneys , pretty boys and sleaze balloons that the last thing you want is to stand on the sidewalk and watch his dented old ford rattle off into the distance .
the last thing i want to have to do is climb that hill a third time in these heels .
the best person to ask that sort of thing is the one who knows everything about everyone : tallulah bankhead .
he does nt mind this sort of thing in the least !
i should , above all things , desire to quit this accursed garden and never return to it .
she was trying to be calm and lighthearted about the whole thing .
the world is a crazy place right now , mal , but i think soon enough things will get back to normal .
one thing is certain , and that is , that she failed to warn them of my fatal flaw : their first expressions of delight at being introduced to the princess royal of the house of northcott faltered and fell away with almost audible thumps , as they perceived the sad truth of my affliction .
and the countenance of the gentleman in question made no pretense of rivaling clive , being merely a good english face , symmetrical enough to be pleasing , and the features bold enough to be considered good - looking on a man , while gaining for a woman such compliments as .but very sweet - natured , poor thing .
good grief , agnes was the last thing on my mind .
having my niece and daughters arrive at wintersleigh unexpectedly , i am sad to say that christmas has been the last thing on my mind .
do you think that the subject of men is the only thing women discuss ?
i must confess , mama , agnes said mincingly , that george brearly is the last thing on my mind .
the only thing now that was unclear was the ambiguity of her own feelings .
and one more thing , frances , louisa added with slow deliberation , if you walk out of that door now , i will see to it that you are never admitted into this house again .
but one thing he did know ; he certainly could nt condemn her just because of some embroidery on her gown no matter how erotic it was .
the first thing ever hidden from her .
it was one more thing and i did nt like to lose thomas ; he was a link with home and eadie , so much more to me than you could know .
one thing most perplexed me ; edward did his best to insist on bringing eadie to cambridge , even though , eventually , he had to give up .
in one thing father joseph must have been right , how you used them decided how well the marbles worked .
the next thing i do remember is sitting in my office , in the dark , tears rolling down my face .
one thing : how come you study all that old talmud stuff ?
okay , just one last thing , ken : why ?
that is the only thing that matters to jesus , that your heart remains pure ; you ca nt help what you have no control over .
well , one thing is certain , he said , we wasted our time coming to ravenna .
oh , there s one other thing we will want to see if they ever reopen it .
just one thing , paulo she is very old .
but of one thing i am certain .
we are here for the purpose of determining one and only one thing the salvation of your soul .
and such a small thing the end of the world she murmured pensively , her voice trailing off .
such a small thing , but the significance of a balance , of justice , of trust , somehow made me wonder what might happen if bulgatti was nt trustworthy .
so , first thing : stop the crazy drive towards secession .
getting support from some segments of the general public was one thing .
( for one thing , where else would it be so convenient for closeted married gay conservatives to find gay sex partners ? )
healthcare is one thing government does extremely well , far better than any private system could hope to .
it was a good thing he owned the shop .
well forget the whole thing .
that s no little thing !
` ` it was not a ' little thing , ' your grace .
` ` one last thing , miss paige . ''
the thing is , will she come to love me ?
` ` damn it , juliet , why did n't you mind the thing more carefully ? ''
sleep might evade him , as it often did on these nights when the wind moaned around the castle and he relived that terrible moment when he 'd discovered his father dead on the tower stairs all those years ago , but at least he could find peace in one thing : gareth might be up to his usual depravity some miles away in london , but through his informer , the duke of blackheath was watching over him most keenly , indeed .
his rambles were part of his morning ritual , and everyone at blackheath knew he was not to be disturbed except for one thing .
of all the nonsense lady brookhampton had gone on about , one thing was certain : he and charles were chalk and cheese .
one thing was sure about the wild one : she would never become bored with him .
` ` i say , next thing you know , he 'll be changing napkins ha , ha , ha ! ''
i have much to say , and much to explain as regards my absence and the unhappy fact that everyone seems to have believed me dead but i dare say that a letter is not the place to do it , and there are things i would speak to you about only when i am back in england with my family .
however let me be quite clear on one thing .
luthers look clearly said that that was the last thing in his mind .
now , dice that s another thing entirely .
` ` it 's a good thing you did n't or i might have taken you right there on the floor . ''
` ` i do n't really have much experience with this sort of thing . ''
` ` why , i have n't seen you since you were just a little thing . ''
but for all that athena knew and would come to know , there was one very important thing she was ignorant of .
the friction was slow and grinding , but the important thing was that it began .
as athena began her transformation into a full - fledged owl , atropos thought of one more thing .
suddenly , the ground zoomed up and the next thing hephaestus knew , he was sprawled on the harshly cold floor , battered but otherwise intact .
except for one last thing .
` ` all you tell fits a divine pattern , but one thing concerns me greatly .
we were just discussing that very thing .
the one thing that i think should annoy all americans is the voting for foreign aid ?
but what to do about it , that s the thing .
you ca nt possibly go anywhere in your conditionyoud leave a trail of blood any imbecile could follow , for one thing .
oh , my dearyou must nt speak of such a thing , she said .
that , my dear charles , he said in frosty tones , is hardly the sort of thing to interest the scholarly mind .
in any event , that was nt the important thing right now .
and besides , the most important thing was that he was here and leading her along the path to fame and fortune .
in fact , blaise seemed irritatingly calm about the whole thing .
maybe it would get infected and erik would be so busy worrying about her that he would completely forget about the whole thing .
she probably would nt be able to get away with much with such an insignificant little thing like that .
in her light and bubbly happiness that everything was right and wonderful in her world again , she decided generously to forgive meg and forget the whole thing .
it was a little thing he asked , she supposed , and it was so wonderful to have him so madly in love with her , that she finally assented and he escorted her down to breakfast as if nothing had happened .
in fact , i almost confessed the whole thing to him , so he would nt feel so bad .
i repent it bitterly , but now i must reveal a terrible thing , anathema to the church and a grave charge against lord hastings , which makes it impossible i serve him further .
of one thing he was certain , richard had killed his nephews , he was therefore unfit to rule and must be removed .
there is one more thing i must ask .
as i sat in the garden , fiddling with another cigarette , seemingly random thoughts crossed my mind : thinking of my meditation in the temple of maat , i was reminded of the fine spray of water , edward iv had been surrounded by the water of the thames when the conjuration against him first took hold , and water is the medium of life , after more than five centuries so little of the world before 1483 survives , everything has changed , for good as well as bad ; i would not want to undo all that came out of tudor england , for one thing , the wrench would be too great , finally , what was wrong with what morton did , worse than the lies ; it was utterly empty of love and compassion : he d substituted blood - sacrifice , selfishness , fear and hate for order , law , morality and justice ; its these poisons from which our world is still reeling .
it is not a thing to be taken lightly .
she was shaking and she seemed unable to focus on one thing at a time .
i say this without jealousy but with the desire to educate - everything , from writing to lighting a cigar ( remember , the humble match had yet to be invented in 1811 ) to major things like transportation and agriculture , was much more difficult than it is today .
as long as we are together , she said , and that was the most important thing .
and here is an image that i can not get out of my mind , a small thing that took a heartbeat of time .
but it is nt at the very end , as the interviewer is winding things up and getting ready to turn off the camera , she adds one more thing .
whether chaya and jacob agreed to marry before she left with her sister is one thing i will probably never know .
there s one more thing , bryn ... the reason your father has refused to allow you to train as a fighting man .
one last thing , i ask you .
` ` that 's not the type of thing we normally talk about in england . ''
` ` one thing i must try to do is convince samad he can not stay here any longer .
for one thing , no puritan planter would be seen in public with mistress fuller .
` ` now sir , every man 's got a right to his own mind on a thing , i always say .
` ` first thing , we 'll try and locate some dry breeches for you and a brandy to drive off the chill . ''
katherine felt her feet give way , and the next thing she knew she had been flung sideways against the hard rope shrouds .
after we 'd laid it with a couple of rounds , blew it to hell , next thing you know the butterboxes .
as i do , i ve taken the sense but changed the words for one thing , i need rhyme .
well , the most important thing is you come home to see us , edward said looking down at little arlo .
one thing she needed , whether he approved or not , was a medicinal glass of brandy to steady her nerves .
her lips were turned up in a teasing smile as she asked , ` ` not one thing ? ''
although i can not think it is a bad thing that , with them both coming out , juliet has less gentlemen upon whom to practice her flirtation . ''
` ` one more thing , '' gino added now in a whisper .
` ` oh , mick , one more thing .
there s one more thing , i m afraid .
and i definitely want it to be a family thing . ''
i know i m supposedly too young to care about that sort of thing , but i do nt think age is going to matter anyway with me as how am i ever to tell whether someone is pretty or not ?
he spoke , maybe i better go back to my place and let you and the officer talk things over .
lets think things through here for a second , he continued , holding up his palms in defense .
that would be a call made by city officials who deal with that sort of thing .
yeah , some brain thing .
angie , you know that ai nt my thing , he protested .
these things wo nt go away daisy .
a lot of young women would n't want to lie about such a thing .
there was something obscene about the whole thing , and evie felt sick .
finding out if they existed was one thing .
an accident , such as happens now and then in an industrial plant where a man may lose his fingers in a machine , or even an arm , is one thing , its quick and done with .
for one thing some fingers , five of them , would then be worn more than the others , and the all seem worn about the same .
essentially it was turning into a class thing .
but she s not the type to take that sort of thing lying down and i ve had to physically restrain her on several occasions from murdering the tar out of an offender .
some men can get weird about that sort of thing since there s a lot of baggage involved .
the important thing for us is that he be publicly punished for what he did in the temple !
another thing , do nt talk of this with isaac .
but the important thing was to receive news from joseph .
he has done his utmost to delay the whole thing .
the important thing is that you are here now .
if i did a good job i might even convince ruth to give up her obsessive thoughts on the whole thing .
and there was another thing beginning to concern him .
well , even so , he should nt have bothered you with such a thing .
that sort of thing and you refused .
female thing , he said looking at her breasts .
i m afraid there s another thing .
i thought cricket was a game played by the english , especially evelyn waugh characters , at places like eton and oxford , where they say , i say and jolly good , old chap and things like that .
deliverance from the turmoil of the last few days was a comfort , but the whole thing still weighed heavily .
one thing at a time , abbie .
they 're in control of the whole fucking thing .
but one thing , do nt socialize .
its not such a big thing for me as long as i can see you like this .
its clear to jared , its not just this b - ball thing !
by every little thing is jared being drawn to her , seduced .
for jared , the scars not such a big thing .
when you look at it rationally , the candles , shadows , the rituals , even the host agitated the imagination , exacerbated the whole thing .
' hmm - one thing that puzzles me .
but , look just one thing . ''
he now suspects jessie might be after the estate , but that is the furthest thing from her mind you know .
one thing you can be sure of in scotland , the grass will be damp .
one thing i do know jess - doug 's crazy about you . '
but , the only thing is , an exorcism could stir things up . '
the only thing that is not clear , is why she carries the skeleton child - that is a mystery still .
the other thing we do nt talk about is trade and the economics of empire .
an office romance was the last thing in the world she cared to deal with , now , or at any time .
` ` all a man wants to do is get his thing into you any way he can . ''
the next thing i knew your hand fell off and there you was layin ' on you back snoring ' like a fat hog .
one thing for sure , it certainly is n't going to get worn out at its current rate of use .
first she whispers in my ear real smooth like , about how good i am and the next thing i know she dumps a bunch of bitchy words on me , then she hitches up and drives off without sayin ' another word .
he asked me to think about making it a regular thing with him .
i ' ve been doin ' some thinkin ' about a thing or two you may be able to help me on , it could possibly lead to us turning a dime or two . ''
another important thing we need to watch is interest rates .
i asked you women one simple question and the next thing i know i get a bucket full of high falutin ' words dumped on me .
i began to wonder if there was some family connection one more thing for me to research between snowstorms in green bay .
the senator briefly introduced his aide , someone from a committee whose name i did nt catch ( mistake number 1 ) , and then he turned things over to my father , who talked about me , my doctorate from the university of virginia , the work i have been doing for the company in green bay , and my return yesterday .
one thing is a certainty -- they were nt above murder to achieve their ends .
she was right about one thing , though .
i told her things had calmed down a lot in green bay , and i would help her find a better school for her children in the fall , but she just said she would wait down here until things were settled one way or the other .
i got an update on the neighbors , some comments about business ( apparently things were going well ) , and a report on the trip my parents had taken to green bay to meet the duprys .
there was one more thing i had to do before i left town , but i put this off until after i had eaten lunch and prepared what i wanted to say .
death was the last thing he wanted to discuss .
for one thing , he would nt be able to explain her .
the way he felt about her was a delicate thing , a very private thing to be held protectively guarded .
the way he felt about her was a delicate thing , a very private thing to be held protectively guarded .
well , for one thing , her home has been in her family a long time , and now she s the only one .
but there s one other thing .
mrs . morris understood why she would want to keep such a thing private .
well , besides the main thing ?
let her think everyone just went back to sleep and forgot the whole thing .
hixson , there s one more thing .
he says if you ll share - crop his place until he dies , hell leave the whole thing to you in his will , nice and legal .
fifty - two dan civil service was one thing , but swift was under the influence of the protestant interlopers who sought to inflict their puritanical ways on the irish catholics .
the next thing i know he s telling me a bizarre story of a mr . c. p. summers , sitting in a saloon with a bandaged foot and crutches .
one more thing , prince .
the next thing he knew was his struggle to stand .
but this is of matter more than religion.and we of the royal family must put one thing before the welfare of our own , and that is the welfare of our state .
maybe that john felton was wrong in the head.the important thing is that the duke is safe now right ?
the treaty had seemed settled and a thing of the past , but its legacy would cause a behemoth of destruction in england that would make the war in scotland seem like a tiny skirmish .
he even made restoration seemed like a small thing instead of the behemoth of a task i perceived it to be .
one thing i was sure about nowjack had n't been involved in the theft of the papers from langley .
` ` the important thing is that you did n't fall asleep , violet .
another thing to ask wade .
the next thing he knew he found himself covered over with a blanket or something and was struggling to get shed of it while the sounds of diminishing footfalls told him that his prey was getting away .
the last thing to be dealt with was the now - empty coffee pot .
by my way of thinking , i expect the first thing well need to do is find out just how deep that water is .
chapter 16 the next thing that needed tending to was to make a stop off at the general store they had seen on the way into town .
* there was a brisk breeze blowing , which served to remind them that finding temporary shelter out of the weather that was sure to come , had to be about the first thing on their list .
along with the welcome arrival of the spring of 1860 , came the need to stock the ranch with enough beef to make the whole thing worth while ; that is to say about thirty or forty head of heifers and a good strong bull to get things off on the right foot .
the map he supplied them with was a sight more than just a scribble or two and detailed the route in such a way that they were ready to head out that very minute , but there were other things that needed tending before that could even be considered .
elizabeth , becky , emily , and sarah were all smiles , but the men were mostly just fidgety about the whole thing .
with that fact for use as a bargaining tool , he assured harold that in time there would undoubtedly be other ranchers willing to take the same chance and move to the area with the thought of their gold being of the hoof - and - tail - bearing variety , rather than the whats - in - the - pan way of looking at things .
he could talk to her about the farm , about droving , politics , the house , but none of these things seemed to rob to be what grissel would want to hear .
it is a good thing we do nt care to make purchases from the potters , for they would take us for fools and charge us triple the fair price .
there were more questions than answers and the first thing she needed to do was to identify where the mountain was in italy .
so , i say as she leans her head on my shoulder , how distraught do you imagine mother will be when she learns my marriage is the last thing on noahs mind ?
just one more thing for me to clean up .
why do nt you just give the damn thing a rest , is all !
you know , they ve got cures for that sort of thing now days , he puffed it out slowly .
however , one thing became obvious , he would need to keep his plans under wrap the rest of the way .
i was standing at the pier , watching the burning ship , and next thing i know , i m blasted up the hill .
boy , your boots are nt the only thing that s been cleaned up .
all three of us as one , and that one thing is more important than anything else .
he preferred to see thing for himself .
when ea - pe created the world he also created two sibling snakes : kar , the tempter , the base and vicious , the darkness at the root of mens minds ; and he created daw to even things up .
that was another thing which had divided htins mind .
he had gained friends , and that was the most important thing to him .
the next thing he knew , she was crying passionately , and he could not comprehend her lack of reason .
wade startled , i can not hire some stranger to come take care of the only thing in this world that i have left .
i am aware of the synod of whitby which took place late last year , which resulted in the church of rome being appointed as the final arbiter on things such as the determining the date we celebrate easter and the manner of tonsures .
one thing was for sure , whether they were any good at being parents or not , the baby would still arrive just as nature intended .
for right now , farming would have to be the most important thing .
he would be told it was a grown up thing and he should nt worry about it .
over the next few weeks tom and becky tried to work out a schedule that would allow them to get all the things done that needed taken care of on the farm .
there was one thing he wanted to do before he set out hunting .
things are done around our place too .
there s one thing pa and i never have to worry about , and that s something good on the table .
there were always a few things that needed tending to during the winter months .
the cabin stayed nice and toasty , but there was always things outside that needed tending to .
the only thing he had to worry about was how the weather would cooperate .
the two had been engaged in conservation about first one thing , then another .
it was never a topic of relevance nor is it a thing upon which i much like to think .
one thing at a time , my dear , said vero , for now , i am going to have a little read , then i am going for a swim .
ah , cut in hector , he may be shy , but he is still a young man and there is only one thing that goes through a young man 's mind !
that 's as may be , but he is a smart young fellow and you are forgetting one thing .
over a coffee , hector divulged little about the coming weekend 's meeting with ' the right people ' , but was most pressing about two things : firstly , did he have a bit of spare cash ?
to be honest , i agree with your good friend , mr hernandez , that you might be well served spending a couple of years training the whole thing could be over before you get around to the sharp end of things , and believe me , i would be quite happy for you to miss out on that .
one thing is for sure : we are all going , quite soon , to be very much be in the thick of it .
there seemed to be nothing wrong with the engine , but one thing was amiss between the two men .
one thing on which they all agreed was that the end was near .
there is one thing i am not reluctant to speak of .
releasing her hand , she added , there is one more thing , miss lovington .
the next thing i knew , he had pulled me over to this wagon .
there is one more thing , he said , his voice dropping to a murmur as he overlaid their joined hands with his remaining hand .
she had been right about one thing , no matter how questionable his own conduct over the past ten years , his escapades would be entirely overlooked .
there is one thing i should like to knowif you knew that i had feelings for miss lovington , why were you constantly forcing us to be togethercheddar gorge , the soiree ?
* * * chapter fourteen kelthorne was agreeably surprised in at least one thing he had not the smallest difficulty in discovering the precise direction stolford had taken his prey .
for one thing , and this is most important , you have a dowry awaiting you .
actually , forget the whole thing !
you may say that , but for one thing .
they should have considered this one thing , spies .
one more thing , i am going to keep the letter with me .
although his face was the only thing visible , i knew that he must be armed also .
good , now another thing .
also , there was one other thing which baron godfrey von dornbirn was going to look into and he believed it would be of great consequence .
one thing is you never finished your story that you were telling me some time ago , that morning after our first encounter with the prince .
you never did tell me what the other thing was that was on your mind .
it was a good thing that the one of the guards were still on duty as when we left ; else we might have been taken in for trying to steal the prince away .
i must be quite honest with you , adrian , that very thing is a large part of the reason why i left .
to live a life is to but a small thing , any human creature of god is capable of such a thing , but it is how we live it that determines our distinction , destiny , and character of our soul !
just to live is a trivial thing !
but there is one thing more adrian .
there is one more thing that we must do before you start out .
adrian glanced at her , trying to act interested , but not really , his mind was still milling over one thing .
his service to the kingdom and the lords had been nearly flawless , but for one thing , which he tried to keep hidden , but was soon to be discovered by the king , which would put john oldcastle in danger of his life .
one more thing , fowlkes , when you find her , i want you to bring her to me .
one thing more , adrian .
it must be the very thing that the prince , raleigh , and himself had discussed only that morning , but why all this ?
indeed , but the important thing is that you did nt .
there are going to be things that seem to you incomprehensible , but i am asking you to complete your duties where god has seen fit to place you , for indeed duty beckons to the wise and willing .
` ` vinnie , hun , one thing at a time , '' maria instructed her high - strung partner .
tatum finished the afternoon , working her way methodically through her expected tasks , knowing that there was one thing she would be sure to do prior to leaving for the day .
it worked out well for tatum , she fully intended to have an extended coffee session with milligan ; she had some things she wanted to ask .
she knew one thing for sure , she intended to find out .
would you stop in and tell charlie that its a go and keep me posted about the other thing as well ?
perhaps he spoke too soon , rather thought too soon , about the whole restraint thing .
but of course , the time he tried not to think of something , was the time that he could only think of that very thing , in every possible way .
the easy conversations they had shared seemed a thing of the past , and lizzie missed them with all her heart .
one thing he was sure , saira and her mother nadirah both were born fighters .
one thing he was sure : if guards find it after the tunnel opens in his cell , they could doubt him too .
one thing i do nt understand , suraj continued again , if portuguese is so powerful and want to colonise the entire country , why are nt they attacking the mughals and occupying their empire ?
one thing you should try to observe , satyanand brought another compelling point , never remain in the impression that afghans conquered our country because of great unity among them .
your sister and i will take care of the ... other thing .
ill hold him like its a traffic thing , and you come up .
gerald had shares in the company so emily did not have to worry about that sort of thing .
john looked at her and said , one thing for sure , carrie , i do nt think matt will ever be a farmer .
matt said , one more thing , sergeant .
one more thing , i have a pass that i m supposed to turn in for my parole .
one more thing , those men will not be here after tomorrow , you can take my word on it if you want to .
and there s one other thing .
but one thing kept troubling him .
we both know we 're goin ' to do somethin ' , but let 's jus ' take a minute an ' think this thing out before we go off half - cocked an ' do somethin ' stupid . ''
you might start likin ' it , an ' the next thing you know , you 'd end up like rex an ' curley here . ''
duty is the important thing .
he observed to himself how anne directed the proceedings in such a subtle way that one thing seemed to flow smoothly into the next without much effort .
i do apologize for the accommodations , but i assure you things will be sorted out with tancred , and you will have a better place to lodge .
one more thing anne , eleanor called her back .
anne reasoned the important thing was she ate .
one more thing , please be so kind as to pray for us that we can all return home soon .
yes , she s quite adamant about the whole thing .
there will be time for him to explain , but first thing first .
as we stand here in this very garden , things are in motion .
and look , you re so pig - headed about things that poor little rose wo nt even say a word to contradict you .
but this was simply roses way of thinking about things .
that s the only thing he understands or cares about .
she only knew one thing : she was going downstairs to see him .
maybe she and chuck ought to keep that sort of thing to themselves for now .
for one thing , she wanted to wait as long as possible to make sure cornell was nt waiting there for her .
i d rather just forget about the whole thing .
well ... no ... but - your uncle is rarely wrong when it comes to this kind of thing , says troy .
another thing that i am particularly concerned about is the fact that if black beard even gets close to us he will find out that we use martinique as our home base .
yes , the whole thing .
diana , there is one thing that i have nt asked you about .
i have been watching the area where i saw the guardian a fish just put its tail through some type of wall and the next thing i knew it had grabbed a mans foot and was pulling him into the water .
as you know , we do nt have a school near here , so it was a good thing the boys father was fairly well educated .
its not polite to talk about that kind of thing in front of women , dean said .
` ` just one more thing , parkman .
` ` but there was one thing about the attack that might deserve some checkin ' . ''
` ` ai n't no use you dyin ' over a little thing like this . ''
but you could have lied about that or just about any other thing .
hell sort the whole thing out in his own mind , and that will be the end of it .
just one other thing , if you can get my body back to england , i do nt want to be buried here .
for one thing , it would take him awhile to assemble the necessary force of marshals , soldiers , and volunteers , and he also wanted to give ridge a little while to arrange the escape of billy dean holley , and , if possible , to get out himself with blackie as his prisoner .
` ` one other thing , too .
` ` an ' one other thing , '' bill added .
whatever happened , thought jina , one thing was for surehe would nt be around to see it .
the thing was settled now , so , in his opinion , kerinites should make the best of the situation , whatever they might think .
well , for one thing , vaxili was nt pleased that she neglected him while she favoured us .
sharma said , there is one thing , your majesty .
abozi cursed and said , ' whatever the future holds , one thing is for sureim not going back into one of vaxili 's prison cells .
abozi replied , ' then let 's not look for more trouble over such a small thing . '
why are you making such an almighty fuss about such a small thing ? '
one other thing son , today i am going to be with the lord .
the only thing robert asked about was the bible , the bible !
uncle dave is at his wits end , he knows planting season is upon them ; however , he does nt know what to do and is asking if we could come for a visit and straighten things out .
the only thing for sure that is ending , is the lives of the prisoners , and these are plentiful these cold winter days .
build it as glorious and as beautiful as you can image , but one important thing i want a crew of his to burn all those slave quarters out behind the main house .
` ` let 's go over this thing one more time an ' maybe we can get it straightened out . ''
` ` he 'll get a trial an ' that 's the place where those things will be decided .
` ` i ' ve got some problems when i start to mull this thing over , '' billy admitted finally .
it was ten thirty now , the time of night when things should really be underway in the dixie darling , but no more than fifteen or twenty customers were scattered about the place , and most of them seemed quiet and sullen tonight .
but , then , the whole thing had been a risk from beginning to end .
how do you start a conversation about such a thing ?
its the principle of the thing , damn it .
it sounded like a good idea , and we all tried it , but as it turned out , we barely had our faces raised when the whole thing became academic .
you need to be a speculator , or maybe a card shark like me for that sort of thing .
one thing i did know was i needed to get myself a small shed of a type and then i d have better shelter .
for such a small thing we have big teeth .
they must be taking in the second cut of hay , but it was too hard to concentrate on things so far away from where he was now .
ca nt wait , olson grumbled , the last thing on his mind .
he was a friendly ear when things got tense over some minute thing as was likely in such close quarters .
its clear that this wars over and that s the only thing that concerns me .
which well correct first thing tomorrow .
but of one thing dr . oleary was certain , her professional instincts kicking in full force , it held the key to whatever valeria had locked deep inside .
he might ve been rude and ill - mannered but of one thing i was sure ofhe was a person of his word .
there s only one thing i ve envied lucio about , he asserted , eyeing me carefully , but nothing else .
that s one thing sure ahll no be saying a word tae naebody .
but one thing ah dae ken .
rab will deal aw right wi another mewlin wean , but the one thing he couldnae stomach is your fancy kelvinside speechifyin , yer prissy manners , and yer high - falutin ideas .
for there s one thing for certain sure , yeve certainly buggered up yer chance o iver reachin the giddy heights of social superiority o being a schoolmaam .
however , there was one thing on which they could not see eye to eye and this morning miss martin in a quiet spell between customers launched yet again on her favourite topic .
just one thing i hope you wo nt be rushing into a whirlwind marriage or any such elopement to gretna green too soon .
no its just that well there is a chap who seems to be rather keen on me and well yes he has asked me but the thing is if i did get married , would my husband know on the wedding night i mean nellie roared with laughter .
just one thing ; what exactly was the title of that picture ?
since the evacuees return from the country one thing puzzled becky and it finally got to the point where she felt she had to discuss it with ewan .
there s just one thing , becky .
next thing you know you ll be getting a medal from the king for your war effort .
selena 's look of panic softened as she thought of the one thing she could address passionately .
miss kenerson can help with costuming , or properties , or some other such thing . ''
` ` i do n't have a thing to talk about with the general - not a blessed word .
` ` i ' m certain the last thing general lafayette desires to discuss is the political climate in france .
it may be a small thing , but i want to look for bonds that might hold the country together bonds that first linked the two colonies .
that is kind of you shawn , and history is not a small thing .
for one thing , it was not really a meeting as much as it was a conversation and demonstration .
but there was something in the way she swung back to her work , checking the bar codes on a stack of books as if that were the most pressing thing in the world , that made sarah wonder if he really was a homicidal maniac after all .
when they were in the kitchen , james heard sarah ask steve about the one thing that had her curious .
but you tried very hard to seem nonchalant about the whole thing .
i was here at the founding of this town , and the last thing i ever want is to see it turned into a battleground .
` ` you know how bad i want brown , but i hope you also know that i want to look the whole thing over top to bottom before i make any decision .
but the main thing for us to think about is that he 's back now .
` ` we 'll be glad to explain the whole thing , '' cole told him hurriedly .
all that sort of thing was now on computers and backed up some place , right ?
one more thing has changed .
no , i thought it would be best to keep the focus on one thing -- the corruption of the heritage party .
well , first thing after breakfast ill reintroduce you to the cows .
clarence u browne iii of jasper , indiana was a seventh generation farmer so his stories covered all things related to agriculture and livestock .
sorry things have gone pear shaped for us .
i m no archeologist but for one thing much of stonehenge has been knocked down .
next thing she knew her grandma was shaking her .
but first i would have you tell me what is this thing which troubles you so .
still this one thing remained , to ask her mother to come , to drop everything , leaving little amelie all alone while she returned to meet this man and subject herself to his awful scrutiny while he leered at her .
cathy found herself shaking with fatigue , she had not eaten all day , but she realized that tonight there was still one more thing she must do .
she had one really important thing that she now needed to do .
but there was one thing they always disagreed on - exactly on which day it was that they had , in fact , first met .
but the important thing is , you have delivered the goods .
in the broad scheme of things the two enterprisers were both more or less well - travelled people , having spent much of their time on the road and seeing a variety of places , faces , and even chases .
with all this going on , sarah often wondered , after collapsing exhausted in her own tiny bed in one of the diminutive guest rooms , how she was finding time for one more important thing .
i do nt care what you do , as long as it is aired , that is the important thing .
however , there was one more thing worrying him .
one thing that seems strange to me , captain , is this : why are the houses not built of stone like they are back in wexford ?
well , one thing is for sure , for you to bring this boy on board , he must be a fine catch .
one thing you know now is how to handle almost any bad smell .
the captain looks at me for a moment and nods before he slowly says , i think ill ask the ships carpenter to do that first thing this morning .
one more thing jack , sam told me that you were favored by my father .
of course there were no rules ; you divided the ground evenly , then when you 'd done that , the one thing there were rules for - at least , rules of thumb - was the width of the central dike , so it was strong enough and not too narrow for the saltmen to walk along the top .
tanaquil could n't take any part in lobbying the interrex ; it was too obvious , for one thing , and for another , a woman taking part in politics was tantamount to a declaration of war on roman decorum .
what they did find out was that the greeks competed naked , which appeared to make good sense - less to get hold of in the wrestling , for instance , though ramtha insisted with a wicked laugh that it left at least one thing you could get hold of for a win to be certain .
is n't it more normal to ... oh , i do n't know , though she did , of course , ... to look for birds in the sky , or lightning , that kind of thing ?
all things in their time , she said , and all things in their place .
it was a woman 's thing , he thought .
at least , the way tanaquil did it , it was a woman 's thing .
but things blurred ; or she 'd remember one thing that he 'd said , quite clearly , and repeat it aloud to herself , again and again , but she was unable to pin down just when it was that he 'd said it , and whether , at the time , she 'd believed it , or not .
was quintus a traitor , or just the kind of man who who talked to hear his own voice , or who felt guilty for every small thing and could n't rest till he 'd exculpated himself , and at length ?
and all the while , she thought , he knew as well as she did what stood between them now , the one thing they were n't talking about .
* * * one thing rankled with tarquin .
` ` no , there was one thing in particular .
so that was out in the open now , the thing they 'd never dared to speak about .
whether we go to eid to kill one foe - king or two , the important thing is that we go ! ''
siv said , ` ` it 's a good thing that you did not have wax on board . ''
one more thing , cerdic just to show it has been worthwhile me coming here , and he pulled out a silvery object and twisted it .
well , i guess the first thing we need to know is where samlen and his men are , i said , turning to aedann and then asking him a question .
` ` such a sweet angel , '' matthew once said , ` ` but completely at sea when it comes to worldly things .
the one thing that had made sense to her was the idea that matthew planned to buy out samuels .
wong finished with the coffee and took it upstairs , saying he would go on up and gather together jeremy 's things .
what if i promise that ill look into your suspicions about cartier first thing tomorrow ?
i desire with all my heart to honor and respect my husband as my head , ever to live in his confidence and by acting in unison with him retain the place which god has given me by his side , and i ask my heavenly father that through humility , i may be enabled to overcome the curse which was pronounced upon the daughters of eve , that whatever may be my lot through life i may be enabled to acknowledge the hand of god in all things .
brigham young continued by saying , i do not care who leads the church , even though it were ann lee ; but one thing i must know , and that is what god says about it .
you can not appoint a prophet ; but if you let joseph and the twelve remain and act in their place , the keys of the kingdom are with them and they can manage the affairs of the church and direct all things aright .
he was lucky in one thing , which was that the body of mrs . bernard had not been found a day , even half a day later .
manners and propriety are another thing , but until the curriculum advances , i am free for this hour .
he entered the small house , and was ushered into the living room , which was no grand place but was respectable enough , all things considered .
the next thing he knew , georgiana was saying , i told you not to , as she straightened him out , putting a pillow behind his head .
so he was speeding things up and escaping the area as fast he could without losing his bride .
but that s if and apparently we did not know the right kind of wax to be used on hair , and it to be well , indulge me on one thing .
it must be quite a thing to cause you to denounce your brothers , or is it a grievance ?
his point was valid but this was the very thing that concerned galeren , they may be out of their cells but they were still within the dungeon .
at least one thing is for sure , this will be over a lot sooner than we anticipated and perhaps that is a good thing .
for one thing i ve got mine in a big box that would nt fit in there , and for another i thought it best not to put all the eggs in one basket .
the thing that worries me most isi can tell you , micah , because i know you wo nt spread it aroundbut the fact is i spoke to elizabeth after church when her father was delayed inside , and she did nt brushed me aside .
one other thing , i added , you can tell people what you please about this days doings , but if i were you i d say as little as possible .
that s a difficult thing to consider , my friend .
with hugh controlling so much of her life and gwalaes haranguing her from the other side , this was one thing that was hers alone , and there was something satisfying and even joy - inspiring about hiding such important knowledge in herself .
she did nt know much about wales , but of one thing she was certain : hugh would need an army to get her out .
the only thing de fougres needed to plan , hugh thought as he watched the breton stomp out of the tower , was what words to use when he begged the kings mercy .
and the only thing olwens fretting over now is the baby that s coming in a couple of months .
your child is the one thing he cares about more than you or gwalaes .
and one more thing , sir richard , she continued when he made no answer .
believe me , its in his own interest to keep quiet about the whole thing but longsword was nt in a mood to be mollified .
the most important thing is that you get safely away , my lord .
one more thing , sir richard , rhirid spoke up .
and there s just one more thing he added as hugh continued to the head of the stair .
the only thing she would like to change was the worn carpet beneath the dining table and chairs .
even doctor case was surprised , but he warned rose that things could take a turn .
forgot one thing .
you think you can take care othat little thing until we get done ?
did you ever think of such a thing ?
mrs . mcclure must have heard it for the next thing she knew someone was standing over her bed .
he had everything to live for , everything he could want , except for one thing .
when the matter went a second time to the village thing , canute merely spoke quietly .
to fight a fast - moving raider band of magyars was one thing , but an entire nation that might be settling between them and the black sea was quite another .
there was one other thing which had been giving her trouble since she started her new job .
please , leo , obey me on this one thing .
it may be a small thing to you , but knowing our fool is safe in your care lessens much of the weight bearing on my mind .
and if you avoid that , there is the small thing of blasphemy !
while he reached over his shoulder to clean his back , he felt a sudden pull on his arm and the next thing he knew he was being held by two boys from behind .
but one thing caught his attention after a moment 's scrutiny .
ellie , those other women did nt mean a thing to me .
work was the only thing she could think of to talk about , since work was the only thing she ever did .
just because i have a demanding job does nt mean that i do nt want to have a wife , kids , house , the whole thing , david said .
the last thing he wanted to know was anything more about the agents relationship with linda jordan .
okay , david said , shaking his head , one thing at a time .
one more thing was crossed off their to - do list and grace always received a wonderful jolt of happiness from completing things .
also , the whole stalking thing ?
one thing was for sure : he would take a few days to heal and then look into things himself .
one thing was for sure : he would take a few days to heal and then look into things himself .
captain , there is one other thing .
in fact , one thing she had been surprised and pleased to learn was that she still craved normal food .
not that i was ever really bothered about that sort of thing .
in - fact , the time - honoured course of action would be for me to get dressed as quickly as possible and vacate the area , thus allowing him to disappear with grace and ensuring we could pretend the whole thing had never happened .
and i only realised in retrospect they must have thought it was some weird consensual thing that got out of hand .
do nt you think that s more of a daylight thing ?
there is kind of a rule with this sort of thing .
if i so much as looked at her too long she would blush and look away , like she was just embarrassed about the whole thing .
neither of them seemed very engaged with that sort of thing .
no , the other thing .
food had been the furthest thing from her mind , but suddenly the question loomed huge .
the most important thing in jacksons life had been jackson himself .
there was also the thing that had been bothering her that night as well .
one thing they had nt discussedif she became a vampire , she would have to say goodbye to the light .
one more thing , the vampire told her .
in the front seats , his mother , lisa , and his older sister , lara , also bickered , probably over the same thing they had been bickering about before he fell asleep .
the flash blinded luke 's mind , and the next thing he could see was his father 's body sailing through the clear , star - speckled night air .
yet another thing that depressed him .
luke enjoyed the girl 's company , though one thing she kept mentioning throughout the day agitated him : god .
` ` one more thing , '' luke said .
the only other thing i wanted to write about today is what allan brought home for food .
food was the last thing on my mind but not allan 's .
there are also some things that kinda worry me about this place though .
in fact the whole thing was an exercise in futility .
one thing never change in this world .
but you re correct , that s the only thing we have to go on at this time .
great , another damned thing to take care of .
` ` another thing that struck me odd was that when i really started digging , the same names kept coming up .
however , one thing was for sure , i was his maker and he could not kill me .
` ` oh one more thing .
i have nt figured out all the details yet , but one thing is for sure , they want him .
and i promise you , what that team member is feeling at the time will be the furthest thing from your mind .
maybe the name of our team is nt the most important thing to be thinking b - team go !
you re actually right about one thing .
what s the second thing ?
he s right about one thing , though , the man said .
hour of the cyclops - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 hour of the cyclops 302 the 118 a 118 i 111 and 104 of 94 to 91 was 72 my 60 in 44 it 41 with 38 ancient 35 apothecary 31 that 29 his 28 her 27 at 27 he 27 not 26 for 25 were 24 an 24 had 23 you 23 she 23 into 22 me 22 they 21 as 20 on 19 from 19 there 17 could 17 about 16 no 16 this 16 so 16 is 15 we 13 your 13 but 13 like 12 what 12 would 12 smyth 12 ms 11 him 11 be 11 where 11 all 11 when 10 or 10 did 10 have 10 down 10 out 9 by 9 mr 9 man 9 then 9 them 8 brain 8 girl 8 one 8 did n't 8 been 7 virgin 7 something 7 our 7 do n't 7 again 7 some 7 know 7 now 7 their 7 up 7 time 7 knew 7 eyes 7 water 7 very 6 was n't 6 after 6 back 6 came 6 went 6 if 6 any 6 george 6 world 6 how 6 nothing 6 hands 6 are 6 took 6 stars 6 body 6 do 6 hand 6 through 5 already 5 boy 5 right 5 who 5 its 5 shadows 5 most 5 good 5 against 5 other 5 best 5 too 5 over 5 got 5 pain 5 elevator 5 ichor 5 things 5 think 5 everything 5 face 5 close 5 spot 5 put 5 shall 5 lagoon 5 enough 5 door 5 around 5 along 5 before 4 can 4 better 4 yellow 4 beach 4 dark 4 little 4 dear 4 than 4 just 4 more 4 stop 4 left 4 only 4 tall 4 big 4 grew 4 well 4 far 4 made 4 cyclops 4 old 4 oh 4 surgeons 4 dead 4 rock 4 central 4 might 4 site 4 light 4 will 4 stairs 4 must 4 hammer 4 see 4 tried 3 going 3 gone 3 brazil 3 really 3 serious 3 arms 3 behind 3 bad 3 horrible 3 rather 3 knife 3 god 3 way 3 those 3 say 3 kept 3 metal 3 symbol 3 kind 3 chains 3 look 3 part 3 upon 3 rim 3 mind 3 seemed 3 worried 3 penlight 3 also 3 coat 3 shot 3 rembrandt 3 sacrifice 3 teeth 3 turned 3 moved 3 perhaps 3 place 3 lights 3 flesh 3 eye 3 off 3 hell 3 need 3 dog 3 moment 3 proper 3 trick 3 altar 3 cold 3 run 3 long 3 started 3 work 3 private 3 still 3 quite 3 olympic 3 indeed 3 blood 3 felt 3 am 3 radar 3 done 3 true 3 could n't 3 yes 3 laughed 3 shelf 3 stepped 3 these 3 floor 3 five 3 tell 3 tunnel 3 side 3 thing 3 room 3 first 2 dropped 2 gray 2 apothecary 's 2 crescent 2 matter 2 prescient 2 lift 2 even 2 breath 2 stone 2 rocks 2 final 2 trolley 2 climbing 2 i ' m 2 holding 2 happy 2 wire 2 white 2 both 2 sobbing 2 twisted 2 doing 2 dr 2 age 2 tests 2 sea 2 hill 2 expected 2 near 2 lord 2 away 2 beyond 2 past 2 story3 2 soon 2 laird 2 great 2 violence 2 smiled 2 scream 2 chest 2 sure 2 comfort 2 essence 2 send 2 curved 2 nose 2 actually 2 offering 2 asia 2 much 2 neither 2 rescue 2 insane 2 screaming 2 cavern 2 master 2 sand 2 heard 2 least 2 decided 2 last 2 next 2 toward 2 else 2 playing 2 laughing 2 rapidly 2 ritual 2 ordinary 2 why 2 occurred 2 friendly 2 discovered 2 stabbed 2 abandoned 2 rough 2 form 2 ah 2 regard 2 slowly 2 ha 2 barron 2 edge 2 forth 2 thrower 2 grinding 2 grabbed 2 began 2 trying 2 above 2 snow 2 imagine 2 certain 2 alaska 2 few 2 celebrity 2 contact 2 watch 2 doors 2 shell 2 heh 2 cultist 2 call 2 mask 2 talk 2 ears 2 feet 2 petted 2 recording 2 life 2 happening 2 pushed 2 sky 2 disappearance 2 mouth 2 agonies 2 cart 2 own 2 operation 2 thick 2 please 2 opened 2 said 2 legs 2 second 2 fall 2 thrower 's 2 emerged 2 smile 2 however 2 double 2 find 2 let 2 among 2 lethal 2 skin 2 deep 2 sun 2 bright 2 free 2 hour 2 tracks 2 sent 2 here 2 yet 2 trifle 2 though 2 visited 2 looked 2 vile 2 scriven 2 hysteria 2 scientist 2 pulled 2 ever 2 lost 2 watched 2 led 2 tongue 2 because 2 parka 2 creeping 2 nor 2 quickly 2 moving 2 floating 2 sinister 2 found 2 hurled 2 sort 2 game 2 across 2 while 2 ivory 2 screams 2 impossible 2 constellations 2 once 2 alaskan 2 either 2 ca n't 2 chimera 2 short 2 gold 2 chance 2 head 2 anything 2 genius 2 years 2 times 2 team 2 noises 2 saw 1 bering 1 lets 1 belonged 1 athlete 1 electronic 1 gloves 1 super 1 wild 1 survivors 1 seeing 1 miracle 1 bench 1 project 1 sheets 1 ocher 1 huts 1 everyone 1 resembled 1 wo n't 1 trouble 1 people 1 guest 1 source 1 striking 1 roiling 1 sensed 1 whom 1 show 1 sufficient 1 sympathize 1 speculating 1 understandable 1 updraft 1 gather 1 juncture 1 precious 1 snobby 1 anymore 1 thanked 1 mound 1 heavily 1 latter 1 devices 1 deal 1 hesitation 1 deadwood 1 green 1 replacing 1 vast 1 pulse 1 astrophysics 1 seconds 1 ravish 1 real 1 liberally 1 streak 1 agent 1 flared 1 referred 1 terminate 1 penetrated 1 sight 1 dragged 1 advertised 1 illusion 1 icy 1 encircled 1 jumble 1 divulge 1 speed 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 nasty 1 signals 1 get 1 go 1 brilliant 1 universe 1 dish 1 forearms 1 plucked 1 casting 1 thankless 1 fabulously 1 academic 1 bottom 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 frightful 1 whisking 1 threat 1 stuff 1 infinite 1 save 1 prime 1 appear 1 shale 1 usual 1 gas 1 die 1 fingernail 1 reverberated 1 exist 1 hmm 1 sport 1 charming 1 unclean 1 ho 1 flexing 1 marriage 1 chilly 1 sick 1 staggered 1 dawn 1 nemesis 1 tools 1 imperious 1 shafts 1 splattered 1 imperial 1 hair 1 coils 1 vastness 1 unorthodox 1 shoot 1 glottal 1 tangled 1 twitched 1 woke 1 many 1 bare 1 orange 1 surprised 1 wearing 1 church 1 affairs 1 act 1 stolen 1 exact 1 coax 1 college 1 shelter 1 minions 1 wrong 1 withered 1 spilled 1 focused 1 damn 1 fast 1 quick 1 torture 1 succeed 1 possibility 1 suspicious 1 emanated 1 flame 1 callous 1 riding 1 melbourne 1 running 1 switch 1 drunkenly 1 escaped 1 rectify 1 refused 1 displeased 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 sprague 's 1 splashed 1 absolute 1 appliances 1 stiff 1 fortune 1 suggested 1 mysterious 1 possible 1 thirty - one 1 understand 1 mentioning 1 iron 1 canopy 1 unavoidable 1 cacophony 1 gave 1 anxiety 1 kicked 1 under 1 contrast 1 gathering 1 move 1 mouths 1 reflexes 1 distinct 1 shimmer 1 anvil 1 moments 1 overly 1 affection 1 raptor - like 1 crouched 1 mosques 1 motion 1 stab 1 superior 1 accepted 1 bed 1 neck 1 medical 1 risky 1 chloroform 1 end 1 bowls 1 scarcely 1 vocalization 1 classified 1 discern 1 beautiful 1 without 1 story1 1 living 1 effort 1 piece 1 continued 1 strength 1 rapid 1 woman 1 2000 1 gesticulated 1 narrow 1 dank 1 tank 1 bundled 1 sorry 1 appease 1 whistled 1 gleamed 1 supple 1 breathing 1 angles 1 costumes 1 ague 1 d 1 struggled 1 ghastly 1 herself 1 plans 1 whupped 1 smoke 1 child 1 slogging 1 unthinkable 1 pretty 1 unseen 1 jolted 1 onto 1 whole 1 sturdy 1 stations 1 sugar 1 rattled 1 suspiciously 1 conclusion 1 alright 1 researchers 1 drawing 1 goodness 1 cairo 1 convoluted 1 father 1 epic 1 alignment 1 splashing 1 pleasant 1 awful 1 forward 1 hoped 1 beat 1 overnight 1 tender 1 diabolical 1 madness 1 pallid 1 welcome 1 gelid 1 wretched 1 appropriated 1 patterns 1 report 1 monster 1 fuzzy 1 information 1 deathly 1 village 1 horn 1 encumbered 1 ugly 1 platform 1 expelled 1 victim 1 involuntary 1 believer 1 means 1 unmapped 1 tomb 1 enthused 1 strong 1 cowering 1 eighty 1 numbness 1 west 1 state 1 probably 1 prompted 1 whence 1 seventeen 1 pitiless 1 ladder 1 scar 1 mountain 1 akin 1 come 1 file 1 brimmed 1 less 1 tremendous 1 bunkers 1 dance 1 bobbed 1 nominate 1 creaked 1 paper 1 bellow 1 lecture 1 devise 1 spicate 1 sunrise 1 erected 1 cast 1 intended 1 glimmered 1 make 1 leather 1 worry 1 odor 1 hanging 1 chewed 1 transformation 1 fizzled 1 robes 1 mist 1 handed 1 film 1 ahead 1 ones 1 instructions 1 regarded 1 certainly 1 clothes 1 lumbers 1 suffering 1 flickered 1 busy 1 missing 1 resources 1 syringes 1 peculiar 1 somebody 1 diamond - edged 1 settled 1 rings 1 floodlights 1 disappeared 1 rails 1 cosmetic 1 desiccated 1 yarding 1 caper 1 consider 1 posts 1 course 1 weapon 1 lower 1 pursued 1 heavens 1 loathsome 1 design 1 enemies 1 chuckling 1 torments 1 spindly 1 northern 1 parents 1 sinuous 1 confined 1 transfusion 1 nobody 1 vein 1 g 1 okay 1 entered 1 sucked 1 tufts 1 occupy 1 stir 1 questioning 1 forest 1 besides 1 merged 1 soft 1 opinion 1 dated 1 genetic 1 worse 1 crazy 1 machinations 1 holes 1 increasingly 1 doctors 1 polished 1 worth 1 consciously 1 ball 1 sharp 1 governing 1 followed 1 stood 1 l - five 1 dragging 1 meant 1 potbelly 1 hurry 1 air 1 anthill 1 traveled 1 mystical 1 give 1 render 1 military 1 smooth 1 contemplate 1 examined 1 vanish 1 windows 1 sneaking 1 lurched 1 walls 1 quonset 1 pleasure 1 glances 1 amply 1 mechanized 1 lighting 1 beware 1 egregious 1 glare 1 hard 1 fingernails 1 ominous 1 surely 1 crimson 1 remember 1 leaking 1 southeast 1 myriad 1 seep 1 interpretation 1 question 1 manifold 1 required 1 admit 1 sound 1 pyramids 1 bloating 1 predators 1 moot 1 mess 1 tactic 1 gears 1 pay 1 strung 1 crazily 1 drumlin 1 nefarious 1 subjected 1 unlikely 1 cut 1 lent 1 realized 1 europe 1 bother 1 panted 1 beetles 1 glowing 1 field 1 febrile 1 carapaces 1 played 1 degree 1 wasteland 1 badly 1 evil 1 amber 1 guess 1 comfortable 1 decades 1 north 1 recollection 1 groin 1 chamber 1 frontier 1 waves 1 unspoken 1 dealt 1 patched 1 illumination 1 hazards 1 handsome 1 ph 1 dripping 1 twice 1 cracking 1 elixir 1 would n't 1 bulged 1 hills 1 complex 1 imperative 1 slitherer 1 dirt 1 cell 1 international 1 dying 1 string 1 mustache 1 groping 1 gelatinous 1 maneuvering 1 hotel 1 days 1 firmament 1 flower 1 careless 1 honestly 1 occupants 1 use 1 despite 1 until 1 switched 1 curtain 1 bodily 1 malign 1 dried 1 wicked 1 lolled 1 distant 1 autohypnotic 1 rusty 1 toys 1 safe 1 fellow 1 feral 1 ice 1 columns 1 heightening 1 tundra 1 scenting 1 clacking 1 stages 1 fool 1 rematerialization 1 profane 1 mean 1 overlooking 1 suggestion 1 syllables 1 darkest 1 scope 1 rail 1 curiosity 1 gawked 1 particularly 1 stay 1 lay 1 guarded 1 entrance 1 clapped 1 help 1 disembodied 1 relinquish 1 tugged 1 drifting 1 cruel 1 circuits 1 wild - looking 1 briny 1 shrugged 1 elaborate 1 alarming 1 bit 1 progressing 1 curses 1 oozing 1 presence 1 changeable 1 god 's 1 thank 1 runes 1 ended 1 check 1 situation 1 naked 1 supported 1 nature 1 guard 1 western 1 mastermind 1 top 1 dagger 1 doubtless 1 front 1 barrel 1 cello 1 jagged 1 unhinged 1 coats 1 government 1 told 1 price 1 famous 1 artist 1 forcing 1 fine 1 jet 1 boot 1 poor 1 hide 1 answered 1 trailed 1 men 1 waiting 1 lucky 1 glyphs 1 horse 1 carts 1 aimed 1 line 1 knee 1 rituals 1 wonderful 1 heaved 1 ceased 1 earth 1 smitten 1 gel 1 sensitive 1 difficult 1 threw 1 claim 1 important 1 risked 1 thy 1 speaking 1 red 1 development 1 mine 1 support 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 swell 1 control 1 unless 1 spurts 1 portion 1 art2 1 wrote 1 egurgitated 1 crevices 1 below 1 during 1 frozen 1 schools 1 speak 1 stalling 1 chosen 1 unannounced 1 sad 1 warned 1 nobel 1 infusion 1 officious 1 humble 1 cataclysm 1 distinction 1 contract 1 open 1 extended 1 prickling 1 operatives 1 jumpsuit 1 pressed 1 vaults 1 lever 1 paused 1 opposite 1 pooled 1 listening 1 interminable 1 war 1 cut - rate 1 barred 1 climbed 1 honey 1 remarkable 1 troops 1 whatever 1 caught 1 grass 1 whitening 1 arranged 1 replied 1 language 1 satisfied 1 scored 1 chalk 1 plastered 1 hunched 1 meddle 1 avowed 1 excellent 1 crumbling 1 somewhere 1 autumn 1 subject 1 underwater 1 battery 1 crusty 1 beloved 1 every 1 bombing 1 wavery 1 subterranean 1 phony 1 spoke 1 shuddered 1 slow 1 squirming 1 dreamed 1 arm 1 affect 1 artifacts 1 visit 1 horned 1 triggered 1 ago 1 fires 1 haze 1 safely 1 slip 1 constriction 1 cloaks 1 together 1 maybe 1 animal 1 guessed 1 formed 1 hood 1 dreary 1 touched 1 shins 1 moths 1 groove 1 purple 1 english 1 sensation 1 truly 1 grin 1 karate 1 revere 1 contributors 1 scalloped 1 shame 1 capsule 1 lucrative 1 getting 1 twisting 1 shuttering 1 drs 1 hulk 1 rajah 1 budge 1 paperwork 1 frame 1 home 1 couple 1 large 1 removed 1 snout 1 memory 1 bones 1 opposition 1 dispassionate 1 nome 1 stones 1 trembling 1 bunker 1 experiments 1 measure 1 snapped 1 confusing 1 louder 1 awake 1 offensive 1 several 1 pleased 1 cursing 1 art3 1 heathen 1 depart 1 death - white 1 shined 1 schemes 1 hideous 1 feel 1 unhappy 1 thinking 1 guards 1 america 1 gallant 1 leg 1 october 1 mature 1 terror 1 shells 1 it 's 1 frothed 1 miles 1 professor 1 gnashed 1 three 1 thwart 1 horror 1 womanhood 1 feeling 1 army 1 thanks 1 two 1 peeled 1 cinched 1 stilled 1 wish 1 circuit 1 shaft 1 attention 1 lovers 1 transplants 1 membranous 1 alacrity 1 weight 1 full 1 identification 1 half 1 pocked 1 recognized 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 nestled 1 darker 1 ministrations 1 sloping 1 squeeze 1 stalactites 1 muscle 1 valuable 1 array 1 kid 1 allowed 1 year 1 caressed 1 shadow 1 assignment 1 spokes 1 shambling 1 arcane 1 walrus 1 handrail 1 worst 1 barbwire 1 witness 1 conscious 1 trees 1 jumped 1 luckily 1 possession 1 reasons 1 virulent 1 seizes 1 perilous 1 wind 1 direction 1 compound 1 rain 1 wrist 1 joints 1 captured 1 steer 1 nonetheless 1 acrid 1 nice 1 problem 1 tight 1 rigor 1 were n't 1 became 1 sweat 1 popular 1 warm 1 exactly 1 i 'd 1 extinguish 1 wilderness 1 undulated 1 reassured 1 hunting 1 sheen 1 stopped 1 folds 1 cries 1 pitch 1 chimpanzees 1 reserved 1 bomb 1 tired 1 sat 1 horseshoe 1 tower 1 gasped 1 horizon 1 due 1 spectral 1 often 1 remembered 1 distracted 1 nails 1 waste 1 foam - bearded 1 worms 1 described 1 babbled 1 named 1 rich 1 swathed 1 timing 1 explanation 1 glory 1 larger 1 clattered 1 toddler 1 dangled 1 predicament 1 dim 1 superiors 1 unkind 1 crawl 1 alarm 1 raised 1 graduated 1 rictus 1 friends 1 charnel 1 chattering 1 between 1 space 1 truth 1 gurgled 1 shriek 1 scuttled 1 acceptable 1 reeked 1 secret 1 betwixt 1 thought 1 kill 1 chaos 1 eyelids 1 reassurance 1 draped 1 eastern 1 grotto 1 legendary 1 determination 1 agents 1 dangling 1 sections 1 story2 1 single 1 hole 1 signal 1 pocket 1 chuckle 1 advantage 1 motioned 1 compartment 1 bent 1 shoes 1 squandering 1 appeared 1 spot 's 1 displeasure 1 generator 1 himself 1 fellows 1 chanted 1 permafrost 1 water 's 1 crash 1 tearing 1 malachite 1 flushed 1 cranial 1 rubbing 1 ready 1 myself 1 trip 1 lair 1 weird 1 rights 1 oily 1 pale 1 native 1 tiny 1 deflower 1 walking 1 bank 1 level 1 bored 1 covered 1 perfectly 1 concomitant 1 asked 1 spite 1 bull 1 drilled 1 boarded 1 unwelcome 1 experimental 1 cluster 1 grooves 1 awaited 1 broad 1 longer 1 leash 1 welts 1 steps 1 swinging 1 nightmare 1 press 1 background 1 ground 1 beneath 1 reached 1 swallowed 1 tracked 1 skeletons 1 rust - twisted 1 believe 1 catamites 1 anywhere 1 mounted 1 happily 1 unmistakable 1 exaggerating 1 called 1 bubbles 1 travels 1 step 1 mesh 1 confiscated 1 extinction 1 rag 1 inauspicious 1 foamed 1 cried 1 point 1 sprague 1 which 1 siphoned 1 theology 1 flow 1 bulb 1 functions 1 afoul 1 locked 1 bubbled 1 vibrated 1 exposed 1 accomplish 1 gripped 1 indelicacy 1 spoil 1 crystalline 1 low 1 held 1 mold 1 clear 1 take 1 plinths 1 arcana 1 knives 1 unspeakable 1 noctilucent 1 bullet 1 floes 1 collector 1 frigid 1 suffer 1 try 1 fell 1 turns 1 ponder 1 killed 1 enemy 1 bracketed 1 present 1 fog 1 funneled 1 virgins 1 fortuitously 1 serpentine 1 sweetheart 1 precautions 1 supposed 1 walked 1 trundled 1 general 1 temples 1 quiet 1 utter 1 task 1 closer 1 riddle 1 awaiting 1 crow 1 aldebaran 1 clung 1 extremely 1 invisible 1 tendons 1 cloud 1 raise 1 affair 1 gotten 1 mirrored 1 completely 1 amusement 1 safety 1 deluded 1 dirge 1 unlike 1 looking 1 primates 1 instant 1 majority 1 commenced 1 wreckage 1 tube 1 downsloping 1 capsizes 1 buried 1 fumbled 1 extending 1 obsidian 1 oozed 1 comforted 1 shutters 1 ride 1 art1 1 jerked 1 rear 1 sadly 1 can not 1 tolerances 1 charitably 1 listen 1 loss 1 blackness 1 q 1 touching 1 revolver 1 drop 1 stupid 1 weaving 1 meaty 1 openings 1 lee 1 scientists 1 pair 1 disabled 1 decay 1 appearance 1 h 1 picture 1 anatomical 1 bothered 918 .
proboscis - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 proboscis 544 the 320 a 281 and 217 i 192 of 160 to 156 was 129 in 108 my 77 on 74 with 71 it 68 me 60 he 56 for 53 that 46 you 44 his 41 were 41 from 39 as 39 had 39 at 34 said 33 an 30 what 29 cruz 29 her 28 by 28 they 26 or 26 if 26 hart 23 she 23 this 23 like 22 one 22 did n't 21 but 21 been 20 was n't 20 into 19 up 19 too 19 over 18 some 18 about 16 no 16 we 16 back 16 be 16 there 16 when 16 through 15 got 15 all 15 out 14 even 14 mounds 14 its 14 him 14 know 14 down 13 right 13 where 13 car 12 did 12 more 12 so 12 are 12 i 'd 12 do 12 not 11 something 11 way 11 our 11 george 11 how 11 their 11 time 11 piers 11 face 11 while 10 i ' m 10 after 10 man 10 them 10 hand 10 door 9 rob 9 would 9 who 9 just 9 much 9 only 9 yeah 9 road 9 off 9 couple 9 then 9 here 9 could n't 9 see 8 going 8 behind 8 he 'd 8 cruz 's 8 mima 8 girl 8 maybe 8 light 8 because 8 across 8 side 8 around 7 say 7 ai n't 7 do n't 7 went 7 penny 7 heard 7 almost 7 kids 7 okay 7 wanted 7 now 7 chevy 7 few 7 call 7 eyes 7 had n't 7 took 7 still 7 thought 7 looked 7 asked 7 guy 7 which 7 shirt 7 enough 7 us 7 along 6 carly 6 real 6 get 6 they 'd 6 than 6 your 6 other 6 hung 6 well 6 world 6 made 6 turned 6 lot 6 began 6 bit 6 hell 6 nothing 6 home 6 rock 6 long 6 let 6 sylvia 6 shoulder 6 tried 5 ran 5 hear 5 truck 5 show 5 could 5 hair 5 near 5 many 5 kept 5 radio 5 x 5 great 5 smiled 5 woman 5 came 5 hart 's 5 again 5 against 5 mind 5 another 5 row 5 windows 5 waited 5 is 5 cell 5 phone 5 we 'd 5 told 5 hours 5 valise 5 open 5 have 5 caught 5 started 5 miles 5 among 5 trees 5 six 5 yet 5 put 5 myself 5 counter 5 before 4 gone 4 frickin ' 4 ear 4 wheel 4 milk 4 tv 4 bad 4 who 'd 4 hill 4 never 4 coffee 4 cheek 4 those 4 away 4 hush 4 past 4 under 4 button 4 neck 4 piece 4 sure 4 voice 4 any 4 look 4 parking 4 there 's 4 left 4 insects 4 last 4 hit 4 make 4 trailer 4 could ' ve 4 worried 4 hard 4 sound 4 field 4 would n't 4 days 4 place 4 studied 4 front 4 police 4 everything 4 poger 4 old 4 during 4 according 4 station 4 getting 4 ray - bo 4 might 4 legs 4 thanks 4 two 4 close 4 blood 4 cars 4 sun 4 between 4 book 4 beetle 4 friend 4 called 4 window 4 night 4 victoria 4 leave 4 stage 4 town 4 anything 4 thing 4 high 4 picture 3 dropped 3 belonged 3 cool 3 resembled 3 people 3 really 3 rocks 3 better 3 piers ' 3 grounds 3 recognize 3 set 3 agent 3 white 3 nasty 3 russell 3 scotch 3 want 3 gas 3 talking 3 little 3 passed 3 gave 3 bug 3 brother 3 buildings 3 follow 3 chest 3 slumped 3 creek 3 someone 3 whole 3 would ' ve 3 regarding 3 parked 3 seen 3 blind 3 park 3 probably 3 less 3 decided 3 paper 3 next 3 toward 3 uh 3 big 3 middle 3 film 3 handed 3 glass 3 engine 3 inside 3 somebody 3 seemed 3 except 3 nobody 3 washington 3 broken 3 reports 3 office 3 news 3 stood 3 remember 3 comanche 3 also 3 cut 3 coming 3 broom 3 camera 3 catch 3 floated 3 dirt 3 dying 3 guys 3 clouds 3 mean 3 brain 3 perhaps 3 trying 3 shrugged 3 knew 3 nature 3 south 3 things 3 somethin ' 3 bar 3 smiling 3 line 3 olympia 3 earth 3 lunch 3 although 3 black 3 ticket 3 details 3 talk 3 dog 3 directions 3 blue 3 drive 3 happening 3 moment 3 static 3 blackberry 3 sky 3 mouth 3 we 're 3 cold 3 stared 3 seat 3 answer 3 signs 3 hands 3 bark 3 driver 3 thinking 3 wan na 3 three 3 court 3 jumped 3 skin 3 moon 3 tight 3 were n't 3 exactly 3 hey 3 loose 3 friends 3 beer 3 pocket 3 faded 3 pulled 3 tone 3 actor 3 taxi 3 canadians 3 pale 3 idea 3 slightly 3 laughed 3 tourist 3 point 3 take 3 impossible 3 finally 3 drove 3 ray 3 either 3 walked 3 tell 3 fired 3 name 3 buried 3 head 3 latest 3 she 'd 3 click - click 3 years 3 scene 2 swarm 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 america 's 2 matter 2 goddamned 2 local 2 fish 2 exec 2 breath 2 fresh 2 figured 2 serious 2 keep 2 em 2 adores 2 feeding 2 la 2 already 2 cracks 2 um 2 deal 2 waitress 2 happy 2 buford 2 smacked 2 capture 2 missed 2 polite 2 dragged 2 eventually 2 shut 2 witnessed 2 concrete 2 doing 2 go 2 universe 2 tree 2 third 2 geological 2 casting 2 edges 2 batteries 2 c'm on 2 stuff 2 haplotype 2 late 2 we 'll 2 marriage 2 portland 2 rolled 2 entire 2 hillocks 2 sea 2 delicacy 2 he 's 2 fat 2 god 2 surprised 2 wearing 2 lips 2 college 2 wrong 2 dark 2 remaining 2 german 2 fast 2 peeling 2 gate 2 kiosk 2 running 2 man 's 2 beyond 2 rickety 2 picked 2 suggested 2 kinda 2 canada 2 later 2 ucla 2 dear 2 metal 2 proboscis 2 shit 2 features 2 goes 2 notice 2 motion 2 angle 2 forgotten 2 movie 2 soon 2 theory 2 george 's 2 without 2 pictures 2 wounded 2 definitely 2 interested 2 shadows 2 wave 2 kind 2 new 2 finger 2 inspector 2 rubbed 2 bounty 2 certified 2 money 2 anyone 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 most 2 stop 2 stolid 2 rang 2 platform 2 explained 2 plates 2 ached 2 good 2 state 2 fly 2 least 2 depending 2 collapsed 2 tasted 2 skull 2 stuck 2 bus 2 everywhere 2 themselves 2 harry 2 movies 2 impression 2 wake 2 adored 2 music 2 else 2 likely 2 racing 2 course 2 paved 2 glanced 2 boys 2 university 2 loud 2 monument 2 view 2 sucked 2 forest 2 tavern 2 cab 2 none 2 followed 2 strange 2 abandoned 2 air 2 cops 2 moony 's 2 various 2 keening 2 lion 2 crying 2 norway 2 donnie 2 managed 2 proved 2 girlfriend 2 best 2 having 2 pressure 2 far 2 donkey 2 mess 2 damp 2 shot 2 pink 2 haphazard 2 easy 2 realized 2 caused 2 ruined 2 slacks 2 such 2 played 2 guess 2 falling 2 forth 2 teeth 2 closed 2 o 2 lem me 2 buddy 2 throat 2 use 2 despite 2 shiny 2 alien 2 mentioned 2 distant 2 ice 2 pointed 2 nearby 2 returned 2 root 2 grinned 2 greasy 2 bullshit 2 basque 2 imagine 2 lights 2 activity 2 lots 2 ladies 2 flesh 2 ended 2 check 2 certain 2 aldon 2 occasionally 2 clipped 2 heads 2 utterly 2 think 2 johnny 2 harvest 2 era 2 pointing 2 does 2 coop 2 wondered 2 british 2 patted 2 flutter 2 might ' ve 2 let 's 2 unless 2 mostly 2 fingers 2 frowning 2 anyway 2 adventure 2 darkness 2 stirred 2 bro ' 2 lady 2 jar 2 dented 2 pressed 2 slope 2 connection 2 whatever 2 playback 2 oh 2 feet 2 bag 2 somewhere 2 life 2 subject 2 odd 2 pushed 2 junk 2 fist 2 brand 2 yanked 2 map 2 dull 2 california 2 ago 2 observation 2 niro 2 trick 2 girls 2 unusual 2 primitive 2 hood 2 own 2 associates 2 run 2 frame 2 built 2 bones 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 several 2 black - and - white 2 unhappy 2 answering 2 border 2 america 2 slowed 2 bastards 2 latin 2 professor 2 silence 2 goin ' 2 block 2 shots 2 considered 2 photos 2 direction 2 will 2 quite 2 i 'll 2 usually 2 blinking 2 nice 2 stairs 2 sweat 2 percent 2 stars 2 partition 2 stuffed 2 fifteen 2 de 2 tired 2 assassin 2 columbia 2 weeks 2 civil 2 deep 2 ya 2 felt 2 same 2 you ' ve 2 gon na 2 spot 2 spread 2 ass 2 official 2 asian 2 rostrum 2 though 2 secret 2 am 2 pattern 2 eastern 2 cameras 2 path 2 since 2 ever 2 dunno 2 that 'd 2 wooden 2 himself 2 lost 2 always 2 watched 2 dude 2 species 2 crash 2 ready 2 tiny 2 legal 2 vehicle 2 garden 2 says 2 wasted 2 corner 2 broad 2 muddy 2 evergreen 2 used 2 story 2 press 2 sneak 2 ground 2 beneath 2 reached 2 swallowed 2 haplogroup 2 fashion 2 festival 2 scratched 2 posted 2 sign 2 instead 2 ask 2 low 2 cigarette 2 fell 2 read 2 patio 2 paint 2 wore 2 photographs 2 these 2 heavy 2 greyhound 2 five 2 glance 2 street 2 modern 2 completely 2 bees 2 looking 2 simply 2 ride 2 stump 2 huh 2 works 2 stomach 2 bought 2 times 2 scientists 2 pair 2 team 2 saw 1 nape 1 descended 1 issue 1 bonkers 1 diagonal 1 strained 1 farms 1 dubbed 1 hash 1 gray 1 experts 1 medicine 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 satanic 1 threshold 1 corn 1 airplane 1 inarguable 1 expressions 1 motionless 1 electronic 1 clinging 1 geiger 1 curves 1 axles 1 tromp 1 favor 1 miracle 1 bench 1 arc 1 primo 1 superstar 1 injected 1 sheets 1 dominos 1 magazine 1 booth 1 uh - huh 1 terminals 1 giving 1 noting 1 tasers 1 polo 1 tables 1 whoa 1 owned 1 wo n't 1 trouble 1 source 1 bowled 1 risking 1 penalty 1 environs 1 hacked 1 1 1 twenty - four 1 hairs 1 jounced 1 drill 1 thumping 1 abiding 1 eligible 1 parade 1 daydreams 1 cooked 1 danced 1 honorary 1 p 1 los 1 begging 1 drunk 1 stone 1 swath 1 unwashed 1 panel 1 breeding 1 mutilations 1 differently 1 mediterranean 1 saying 1 fumes 1 dripped 1 castrati 1 fold 1 laxative 1 esophagus 1 position 1 subprocessor 1 holding 1 bragging 1 americans 1 table 1 green 1 listings 1 yellow 1 crammed 1 sylvie 1 midlife 1 bounded 1 vast 1 spat 1 two - lane 1 anti - democrat 1 motherland 1 country 1 torch 1 job 1 streak 1 expression 1 pro - gun 1 organic 1 saint 1 speculate 1 narrowed 1 lineage 1 one - star 1 research 1 burial 1 tee - shirts 1 bring 1 that 's 1 brisk 1 arrived 1 lid 1 sleep 1 drifted 1 cruise 1 both 1 flew 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 locations 1 spied 1 relived 1 erratically 1 beetle 's 1 alcove 1 debacle 1 drinking 1 abruptly 1 regular 1 pass 1 squinted 1 eating 1 creation 1 dinero 1 gregorian 1 chorus 1 twisted 1 anxious 1 underage 1 funk 1 passengers 1 object 1 sticks 1 existence 1 argyle 1 slavic 1 mumble 1 rhythmic 1 tumbled 1 tell'ya 1 dish 1 dense 1 boy 1 cocked 1 plucked 1 planning 1 dogshit 1 haunted 1 academic 1 radio - controlled 1 pulling 1 materialized 1 hot 1 reagan 's 1 self 1 frightful 1 belong 1 dad 1 character 1 smear 1 grateful 1 foreign 1 rather 1 hand - cam 1 whitewashed 1 plain 1 scrawny 1 bleeding 1 there 'd 1 parched 1 volume 1 distorted 1 van 1 warbles 1 pinwheeled 1 marijuana 1 bottles 1 key 1 fried 1 foot 1 rob 's 1 replaced 1 usual 1 area 1 gargoyle 1 monks 1 die 1 knife 1 becoming 1 cook 1 iceberg 1 construction 1 brake 1 sorcery 1 natural 1 2 1 humming 1 card 1 nope 1 creepers 1 grey 1 mom - and - pop 1 cotton 1 staggered 1 stray 1 investigated 1 whispering 1 prisoner 1 coed 1 psychos 1 hungry 1 spoiling 1 mucho 1 lane 1 brochure 1 astronauts 1 intervening 1 inherit 1 season 1 grille 1 mercifully 1 blame 1 featured 1 listened 1 erased 1 reared 1 glint 1 tie 1 bullet - raddled 1 melted 1 coils 1 depot 1 worn 1 disjointed 1 jobs 1 inevitably 1 bean 1 calculate 1 shoot 1 silent 1 genes 1 frustrated 1 trapped 1 action 1 starred 1 brightly 1 long - overdue 1 scripts 1 bumper 1 bare 1 disconnected 1 flashes 1 incipient 1 braked 1 turning 1 planned 1 scrum 1 coax 1 waffle 1 amok 1 alpha - alpha 1 sitting 1 pulsed 1 chanting 1 electricity 1 sisters 1 molded 1 thrown 1 entomologist 1 dusk 1 crap 1 astonished 1 succumbed 1 hock 1 spilled 1 cadillac 1 dare 1 match 1 dewdrop 1 knowledgeable 1 twilight 1 tangle 1 damned 1 wow 1 riding 1 angular 1 series 1 dilapidated 1 vintage 1 nervous 1 canucks 1 alone 1 marathons 1 retribution 1 j 1 gulf 1 mailboxes 1 questions 1 splashed 1 unsteady 1 farce 1 munching 1 wonders 1 slew 1 cough 1 parole 1 illusions 1 brick 1 dirty 1 broached 1 fortune 1 clearing 1 writhing 1 alcohol 1 wandered 1 possible 1 thingy 1 diner 1 feedback 1 fluids 1 hunky - dory 1 poured 1 bud 1 penis 1 turn 1 iron 1 monologue 1 roiled 1 agricultural 1 letters 1 convicted 1 dumbly 1 irons 1 lacked 1 sequence 1 mouths 1 dusty 1 disappoint 1 appealing 1 bickering 1 rocker 1 moments 1 grandfather 's 1 crouched 1 nerve 1 shag 1 decrepit 1 accepted 1 mudslides 1 waistband 1 jump 1 end 1 pagan 1 urged 1 reach 1 purely 1 rust - red 1 europeans 1 discern 1 violence 1 butt 1 envelope 1 admonishment 1 counters 1 technology 1 reassure 1 endless 1 suspected 1 unwholesome 1 ankle 1 image 1 shrines 1 chambray 1 chair 1 squeals 1 footage 1 order 1 bravado 1 arrow 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 data 1 highway 1 gust 1 camouflage 1 etiquette 1 glovebox 1 whistled 1 gleamed 1 draining 1 stylish 1 doctored 1 lancelot 1 d 1 hitchhikers 1 challenged 1 teenage 1 beady 1 eggs 1 rhino 1 screwing 1 repeat 1 eternal 1 yo 1 indigestion 1 birthday 1 disappointed 1 smoke 1 npr 1 collectively 1 child 1 crummy 1 comfort 1 jolted 1 onto 1 returning 1 steep 1 time 's 1 burst 1 phones 1 jersey 1 cooled 1 flung 1 reviewed 1 mum 1 pal 1 sugar 1 boots 1 spaces 1 snort 1 nose 1 corpse - slack 1 sloe - eyed 1 tripped 1 vertebrae 1 mulled 1 expensive 1 boondocks 1 illuminated 1 scuttle 1 leisurely 1 rasp 1 grit 1 snuff 1 spattered 1 lying 1 cutting 1 absurd 1 diorama 1 calls 1 firewood 1 fields 1 geology 1 profile 1 shiver 1 special 1 convoluted 1 brambles 1 kidnaper 1 voices 1 prettier 1 loudly 1 busted 1 admirers 1 leaning 1 changed 1 father 1 crept 1 shed 1 accidentally 1 audience 1 thresholds 1 flailing 1 handles 1 humpbacked 1 pleasant 1 giggled 1 corrugated 1 forward 1 hoped 1 beat 1 tempted 1 compared 1 nuts 1 swirled 1 welcome 1 detour 1 marks 1 ten 1 insides 1 sake 1 stools 1 method 1 choir 1 regulars 1 prey 1 flip - flops 1 island 1 blob 1 fence 1 report 1 authorities 1 fuzzy 1 utopian 1 b - movie 1 passenger 1 sipping 1 desert 1 orchids 1 migration 1 3 1 information 1 plane 's 1 lemmesee 1 hat 1 hare 1 delivered 1 mountains 1 scads 1 dappled 1 roster 1 quietly 1 ugly 1 fatter 1 part 1 gal 1 fact 1 hola 1 piss - stained 1 ungainly 1 knows 1 brutes 1 fists 1 basket 1 sloppy 1 swollen 1 dribble 1 garbage 1 robot 1 flags 1 expos 1 disheveled 1 cavern 1 recall 1 patches 1 crush 1 commercials 1 disturb 1 coffin 1 festooned 1 clunk 1 mother 's 1 welted 1 pasture 1 uninhabited 1 west 1 traced 1 marking 1 sparkled 1 screen 1 cleared 1 convinced 1 blackballed 1 cologne 1 father 's 1 restored 1 ranks 1 thickets 1 tobacco 1 enthusiastically 1 maze 1 joke 1 exclamation 1 filmmaker 1 purring 1 attitude 1 shortcuts 1 pen 1 criminals 1 extravaganza 1 feast 1 receiver 1 tall 1 fixed 1 accent 1 sloughing 1 textbook 1 received 1 fanciful 1 hi 1 sunrise 1 agrarian 1 proctors 1 cuffs 1 portraits 1 time ' 1 pickups 1 fluorescent 1 tricky 1 seein ' 1 science 1 crowd 1 cheeks 1 m 1 industry 1 beckoned 1 palm 1 robust 1 worry 1 scraped 1 odor 1 hanging 1 slept 1 shimmering 1 younger 1 mob 1 applied 1 fabric 1 eat 1 liked 1 looped 1 plunge 1 cat 1 throngs 1 liquor 1 ahead 1 hitting 1 blacktop 1 instructions 1 squeezed 1 whatch 1 joining 1 certainly 1 middle - aged 1 vacuous 1 clothes 1 gourds 1 playing 1 narrowing 1 flickered 1 busy 1 dedication 1 brush 1 missing 1 suspect 1 strings 1 airspace 1 syringes 1 barely 1 smoldering 1 keen 1 peculiar 1 dissipated 1 pursed 1 political 1 phantoms 1 laughing 1 razor 1 blows 1 exhausted 1 floodlights 1 i ' ve 1 fifteen - martini 1 blooming 1 jittering 1 spell 1 pursuit 1 emerge 1 disappeared 1 stamped 1 elephant 1 migrations 1 shift 1 hon 1 hardcase 1 dash 1 des 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 ant 1 chittery 1 older 1 passable 1 buzzing 1 flyers 1 hundred 1 why 1 fond 1 consider 1 freeze 1 twitching 1 zombie 1 foam 1 oversized 1 contracted 1 mitochondrial 1 funny 1 specific 1 chlorine 1 drawled 1 critters 1 american 1 toiletries 1 withdrew 1 whirred 1 neighborhood 1 stoplight 1 occurred 1 magnifying 1 muttered 1 significance 1 gun 1 drone 1 hurt 1 ash 1 what 's 1 toilet 1 crackled 1 casino 1 pastels 1 masses 1 restroom 1 ex - brother - in - law 1 honking 1 vein 1 g 1 northwest 1 entered 1 sit 1 spoon 1 sweltering 1 scowl 1 powerful 1 rum 1 besides 1 sprinkled 1 actor 's 1 fractured 1 thrill 1 buzz 1 over - glossed 1 acres 1 detachment 1 opinion 1 unpacked 1 culture 1 movements 1 genetic 1 have n't 1 worse 1 lone 1 wildly 1 mad 1 fill 1 buckled 1 sex 1 bulletproof 1 doused 1 headline 1 giggling 1 bob 's 1 worth 1 migraine 1 ball 1 chicano 1 gnarled 1 stacked 1 spelling 1 bikers 1 tails 1 whip 1 towards 1 fascination 1 is n't 1 mall 1 upside 1 imp 1 trolling 1 leaned 1 thirsty 1 hitcher 1 three - dee 1 sank 1 screwed 1 evils 1 r 1 fixation 1 preened 1 marker 1 straight 1 early 1 scholarly 1 baby 1 hose 1 shoulda 1 give 1 gardena 1 vendors 1 gaze 1 materializing 1 hint 1 smooth 1 figure 1 subconscious 1 being 1 scanned 1 troglodytes 1 possessed 1 examined 1 rebuttal 1 idled 1 sneaking 1 booths 1 cashier 1 possibly 1 lurched 1 may 1 why'nchya 1 hummocks 1 gravel 1 bridges 1 miscellaneous 1 keloid 1 nothingness 1 glances 1 relieved 1 seattle 1 ah 1 blocks 1 hesitated 1 regard 1 babe 1 jesus 1 glare 1 walk 1 battle 1 rocked 1 cowboy 1 flickering 1 clicked 1 professionals 1 exploded 1 hyenas 1 stern 1 pollen 1 clumps 1 wraparound 1 writer 1 contemplated 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 blackened 1 question 1 retreated 1 tattoos 1 loan 1 carried 1 capitol 1 petulant 1 fast - living 1 admit 1 wired 1 asphalt 1 lied 1 sweater 1 maple 1 scents 1 aboard 1 predators 1 shacking 1 federal 1 largely 1 fallen 1 seventh 1 hunkered 1 1890s 1 golden 1 ragtag 1 grainy 1 pad 1 paw 1 picnic 1 slammed 1 throbbed 1 pleating 1 especially 1 standing 1 enthralled 1 rush 1 precisely 1 incomprehensible 1 razor - sharp 1 reduviidae 1 1970s 1 cash 1 glacial 1 lizard 1 windshield 1 bubble - screen 1 rigs 1 awesome 1 fierce 1 dialed 1 dispassion 1 mushroom 1 mistress ' 1 dial 1 godforsaken 1 sap 1 lagged 1 rolling 1 rubberneckin ' 1 illuminate 1 piled 1 page 1 thorny 1 obscurity 1 glowing 1 musty 1 bluegrass 1 greater 1 entomologists 1 shape 1 wasteland 1 rows 1 dangerous 1 badly 1 pall 1 edge 1 breakdown 1 ancient 1 cruised 1 overgrown 1 laundromat 1 vigorous 1 glared 1 telescopes 1 grange 1 16 1 ultraviolet 1 negatives 1 cancelled 1 elevated 1 exhibition 1 erect 1 rufus 1 christ 1 afraid 1 rancid 1 shortly 1 crewcut 1 ads 1 human 1 personality 1 twice 1 wistful 1 jewelry 1 floorboard 1 autograph 1 hills 1 bro 1 angry 1 planks 1 blighted 1 coiled 1 primate 1 tossed 1 nine 1 comeback 1 dashes 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 globe 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 filled 1 daddy 1 has 1 string 1 rustled 1 heaves 1 imitation 1 x - whatsis 1 attraction 1 animated 1 grunted 1 erupted 1 olive 1 reason 1 diner 's 1 suddenly 1 novocain - numb 1 stretched 1 politely 1 tin 1 separation 1 math 1 boom 1 unfathomable 1 strapping 1 half - rotted 1 metronome 1 flower 1 everything 's 1 cra - zee 1 shooting 1 band 1 words 1 boxy 1 alongside 1 week 1 shallow 1 until 1 charm 1 switched 1 ditchward 1 citizen 1 files 1 dogwoods 1 lamp 1 queen 1 dishwasher 1 dried 1 gouging 1 suitably 1 con 1 did'ya 1 testimonials 1 compadre 1 banks 1 drops 1 toys 1 leon 1 rare 1 grabbed 1 threatened 1 rusting 1 slapped 1 peppermint 1 safe 1 youthful 1 christmas 1 notion 1 message 1 spent 1 sunlight 1 fleshy 1 hoarse 1 socks 1 enclave 1 halo 1 nodded 1 wags 1 softly 1 out - of - state 1 lode 1 dictated 1 marketable 1 moved 1 effect 1 transmission 1 silvery 1 bushes 1 search 1 sudden 1 perspective 1 jags 1 demonstrably 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 major 1 wholly 1 primary 1 yore 1 obscured 1 above 1 help 1 play 1 4 1 drifting 1 noise 1 not - so - mild 1 cruel 1 intensified 1 circuits 1 learned 1 million 1 digestive 1 temperate 1 obviously 1 scum 1 carly 's 1 debated 1 practical 1 seal 1 dancing 1 board 1 hilarious 1 land 1 cracked 1 cumulus 1 giggle 1 chopped 1 guts 1 birds 1 presence 1 god 's 1 stupor 1 wriggled 1 setting 1 somesuch 1 shouted 1 thank 1 type 1 beak 1 situation 1 simultaneously 1 eye 1 magnesia 1 stretch 1 swam 1 whatchyacallem 1 video 1 top 1 crimp 1 mosquito 1 meeting 1 bunch 1 directly 1 prayer 1 alaska 1 ass - end 1 excuse 1 wildlife 1 marked 1 rundown 1 unhinged 1 nests 1 government 1 camouflage - green 1 kliegs 1 reverse 1 bobbing 1 celebrity 1 killing 1 ajar 1 promised 1 smirk 1 ex 1 sorta 1 lipizzaner 1 river 1 fine 1 gypsies 1 chick 1 vietnamese 1 boot 1 hide 1 cobwebs 1 waking 1 tea 1 men 1 waiting 1 watch 1 doors 1 lucky 1 capricorn 1 666 1 descending 1 horse 1 known 1 gig 1 nuzzling 1 huntin ' 1 word 1 exuberance 1 atop 1 mug 1 ham 1 black - rimmed 1 trench 1 person 1 kingdom 1 wrinkled 1 fire - yellow 1 hated 1 kissed 1 mossy 1 bulky 1 mammals 1 clancy 1 blackjacks 1 corresponds 1 shout 1 fled 1 someone 's 1 jeans 1 biology 1 alpha 1 redwoods 1 detail 1 fries 1 giant 1 ceased 1 piecemeal 1 cup 1 outside 1 graphic 1 process 1 tributaries 1 center 1 anywho 1 spiked 1 yahoos 1 mom 1 josey 1 bellying 1 threw 1 program 1 lighted 1 tears 1 important 1 rendered 1 deposits 1 wharf 1 indian 1 flick 1 groovy 1 plants 1 sizzled 1 exotic 1 bib 1 bizarre 1 motley 1 taillights 1 beeped 1 bend 1 swiftly 1 misfiled 1 speaking 1 slunk 1 red 1 predatory 1 fuckall 1 development 1 mine 1 lurking 1 zen 1 bye 1 wrapped 1 nicely 1 payday 1 ants 1 horatio 1 swell 1 tourists 1 5 1 jillion 1 fuckin ' 1 outboard 1 flowers 1 pants 1 chilled 1 buses 1 below 1 vans 1 frozen 1 shaped 1 deeper 1 mystery 1 amplified 1 regaling 1 drink 1 sky - high 1 gorillas 1 pumps 1 runaway 1 whispered 1 punched 1 i-5 1 cows 1 squawking 1 comment 1 symbols 1 judging 1 60s 1 posture 1 kudzu 1 whined 1 steel 1 suits 1 vibe 1 beat - to - hell 1 dots 1 mannequin 1 doughy 1 mobile 1 neutral 1 freakin ' 1 height 1 who 's 1 splash 1 shoved 1 beechnut 1 post 1 tile 1 shared 1 paused 1 opposite 1 miami 1 pack 1 repetitious 1 hittin ' 1 accelerated 1 war 1 rig 1 climbed 1 lip 1 ravage 1 floppy 1 sales 1 flatbeds 1 rational 1 hi - fi 1 beast 1 weak 1 ronald 1 wild - eyed 1 blazing 1 wide - brimmed 1 grass 1 experiencing 1 contributing 1 sour 1 cycle 1 options 1 predicted 1 replied 1 helping 1 hapless 1 filter 1 thinned 1 cruiser 1 hydrochloric 1 speck 1 recording 1 loitering 1 siphon 1 emotional 1 southbound 1 spaniard 1 radiation 1 distaste 1 bubbling 1 pick 1 plastered 1 reminded 1 exits 1 drained 1 receiving 1 paroxysms 1 polyester 1 date 1 buy 1 implication 1 raid 1 satanists 1 vague 1 edited 1 soldier 1 shades 1 gawd 1 crusty 1 battery 1 loomed 1 every 1 high - pitched 1 litany 1 distances 1 national 1 dreaded 1 spotted 1 shampoo 1 infractions 1 undulating 1 calling 1 cattle 1 drama 1 clicking 1 heat 1 shuddered 1 squirming 1 soil 1 measured 1 beside 1 study 1 invaded 1 brewskis 1 proposition 1 buzzed 1 visit 1 inhuman 1 case 1 milling 1 sos 1 bygone 1 seam 1 doncha 1 lolling 1 lean 1 blow 1 roles 1 articles 1 skimming 1 tickle 1 altar 1 smoked 1 cooperate 1 x - group 1 dead 1 together 1 pumping 1 stalks 1 doomsday 1 fracas 1 guessed 1 formed 1 photo 1 trace 1 earned 1 handful 1 braces 1 bonfire 1 yards 1 ferret - pink 1 roar 1 cheap 1 head - on 1 an ' 1 dentist 's 1 nicked 1 poplar 1 footpath 1 wound 1 sensation 1 truly 1 poked 1 traumatic 1 allen 1 varied 1 shuffled 1 monoliths 1 papered 1 happened 1 thick 1 impact 1 antiquated 1 nail 1 random 1 calgary 1 mexico 1 molasses 1 oil 1 please 1 everybody 1 distance 1 contents 1 pistol 1 hulk 1 prohibiting 1 civilization 1 exhalations 1 taser 1 farm 1 opened 1 paperwork 1 defeat 1 collection 1 channel 1 hog 1 glazed 1 murky 1 movement 1 plug 1 large 1 removed 1 mayhem 1 relatively 1 mini - crusade 1 tricked - out 1 junctures 1 sidewalk 1 attempt 1 grand 1 bulk 1 separated 1 rapist 1 clenched 1 schtick 1 memories 1 credit 1 unpaved 1 applies 1 orphan 1 trembling 1 bunker 1 initial 1 phenomenon 1 soothe 1 fuss 1 central 1 coronas 1 meds 1 history 1 one - quarter 1 fit 1 entering 1 clank 1 swaying 1 buddies 1 operator 1 generations 1 murmuring 1 swing 1 generation 1 pretended 1 leaves 1 glaciers 1 foggy 1 receded 1 mud - encrusted 1 kite 1 hollow 1 alders 1 farmhouses 1 paranoia 1 niagara 1 bulletins 1 nervously 1 mile 1 heart 1 water 1 hind 1 second 1 microsecond 1 mechanical 1 footsteps 1 versus 1 dazzled 1 leg 1 subdivision 1 nascar 1 canyon 1 terror 1 work 1 scarred 1 downtown 1 it 's 1 landing 1 unto 1 itched 1 images 1 shrill 1 service 1 ways 1 emerged 1 forever 1 pro 1 collapsing 1 lens 1 engulfed 1 6 1 feeling 1 inaccurate 1 stickers 1 outta 1 opportune 1 swayed 1 stuttered 1 count 1 shakes 1 cardboard 1 engineers 1 screw 1 structures 1 greedy 1 mixed 1 collisions 1 sylvia 's 1 weight 1 prowler 1 stock 1 full 1 tough 1 dead - heads 1 dreamt 1 penetrating 1 finished 1 smile 1 carton 1 half 1 bars 1 formica 1 keys 1 aliens 1 bucks 1 recognized 1 limit 1 loves 1 doubt 1 drawn 1 y' all 1 hidden 1 however 1 extinct 1 grow 1 bird 1 calved 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 crushed 1 drowned 1 chums 1 jug 1 bounced 1 site 1 robert 1 year 1 net 1 algid 1 shadow 1 75 1 announcer 's 1 shambling 1 muscles 1 comedy 1 bush 1 shawl 1 wharf - side 1 screeching 1 motion - sickness 1 shucks 1 communiqu 1 glimpse 1 filthy 1 colombian 1 too - small 1 gramophone 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 craggy 1 breakfast 1 possession 1 private 1 listed 1 montana 1 mohicans 1 cover 1 maternal 1 developments 1 hiccupping 1 marine 1 forged 1 watchdog 1 combed 1 rain 1 hunters 1 very 1 intoned 1 winches 1 welter 1 odds 1 beefy 1 churning 1 slouched 1 eon 1 coughed 1 dry 1 became 1 carson 's 1 numbers 1 ruins 1 overhead 1 strip 1 monotone 1 smashed 1 handle 1 eh 1 equipment 1 dress 1 blurry 1 ambient 1 dedicated 1 bringing 1 lining 1 reputable 1 stopped 1 etymologist 1 zippers 1 retired 1 cold - cocked 1 typed 1 amen 1 pitch 1 waitresses 1 rusted - out 1 improbable 1 ukulele 1 pricked 1 tryin ' 1 companions 1 elementary 1 sat 1 tower 1 losing 1 sundress 1 inspiring 1 argued 1 stampede 1 cop 1 bottomless 1 approached 1 hungrily 1 remembered 1 often 1 intensity 1 wales 1 thus 1 bits 1 chirr 1 supercalifragilisticexpialidocious 1 aquarium 1 changes 1 hold 1 described 1 whiskey 1 hemp 1 indicate 1 named 1 operate 1 labor 1 prison 1 periphery 1 starry 1 great - grandma 1 hour 1 tracks 1 toddler 1 relay 1 scholarship 1 expiration 1 sent 1 occupied 1 mounds ' 1 impressive 1 profanity 1 pavilions 1 crawl 1 motor 1 coke 1 alarm 1 graduated 1 raised 1 royal 1 rejoinder 1 smelled 1 broadcast 1 nostrils 1 broke 1 protest 1 inexplicably 1 chattering 1 slot 1 feed 1 lingered 1 man 'd 1 space 1 lives 1 truth 1 hollywood 1 weeds 1 wedged 1 lawn 1 1950s 1 savage 1 poses 1 female 1 fake 1 inciting 1 heroic 1 clove 1 firearms 1 reeked 1 prehistoric 1 branch 1 fuel 1 kill 1 wisely 1 suchlike 1 haggard 1 presumably 1 squat 1 women 1 thirty - six 1 angeles 1 mood 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 stale 1 furiously 1 children 1 day 1 hay 1 lulled 1 contortions 1 engineer 1 suppose 1 needle 1 hole - in - the - wall 1 garbed 1 faces 1 companies 1 costume 1 single 1 signal 1 wasps 1 drew 1 yuppie 1 copping 1 mildly 1 comprehension 1 plexiglass 1 television 1 contrary 1 signature 1 shoes 1 dna 1 knocking 1 admitted 1 redneck 1 darted 1 intact 1 appeared 1 backward 1 ding - dong 1 hallucinating 1 dogs 1 lookin ' 1 propped 1 displeasure 1 bleach 1 lethargic 1 glad 1 vengeance 1 reno 1 warn 1 low - gliding 1 macaroni 1 cared 1 toe 1 erectile 1 quote 1 seismic 1 mike 1 depiction 1 stream 1 conjured 1 spare 1 headlock 1 non- 1 parted 1 miscreants 1 dope 1 reparation 1 dreams 1 trip 1 response 1 pecker 1 weird 1 dialing 1 dredged 1 clad 1 rights 1 specialty 1 bust 1 pastures 1 native 1 echoes 1 shaggy 1 tribal 1 spain 1 machinery 1 walking 1 bank 1 covered 1 dirty - faced 1 slap 1 samoan 1 wispy 1 knees 1 unhitch 1 they ' ve 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 struggle 1 rodeo 1 holiday 1 handmade 1 pacific 1 boarded 1 moldering 1 vehicles 1 near - fainting 1 unreasonable 1 weighed 1 deals 1 marmalade 1 intersected 1 cluster 1 mother 1 rude 1 shook 1 dust 1 driver - side 1 grandfather 1 retiree 1 prosthesis 1 unpleasant 1 true 1 pontiac 1 grabs 1 incongruously 1 looks 1 background 1 chastely 1 sven 1 remote 1 leaf 1 goodbye 1 meninges 1 believe 1 burrow 1 high - centered 1 flee 1 reveal 1 trailing 1 moving 1 muckety - mucks 1 anywhere 1 solid 1 debate 1 creepy 1 garble 1 mounted 1 change 1 springs 1 longingly 1 thirty 1 yellowish 1 stashed 1 smoker 's 1 expecting 1 beneficial 1 faring 1 unnatural 1 confiscated 1 ghetto 1 rag 1 schoolmates 1 familiar 1 machine 1 crowded 1 absentee 1 assumed 1 forehead 1 dysfunction 1 washington 's 1 wagon 1 pimply 1 child - god 1 pull 1 monkey 1 thirty - second 1 swearing 1 small 1 dread 1 wind - burned 1 sinister 1 briefly 1 found 1 hurled 1 elicit 1 click 1 staring 1 diagrams 1 bigger 1 adventures 1 canadian 1 maples 1 gaggle 1 gripped 1 jerky 1 vice 1 sunk 1 unsettling 1 dozen 1 swallow 1 moines 1 zilch 1 skinny 1 chugging 1 shabby 1 nearly 1 complicity 1 sensational 1 jeeps 1 held 1 clear 1 pierced 1 dingy 1 ivory 1 rerun 1 fiddle 1 minute 1 tampered 1 purposes 1 bullet 1 school 1 secretaries 1 suffer 1 talkin ' 1 stealthy 1 pause 1 turns 1 surrounded 1 stepped 1 once 1 cursed 1 killed 1 anesthesia 1 dangerously 1 adrenaline 1 expired 1 seamy 1 jailing 1 navigated 1 sunburn 1 starlet 1 headed 1 withdrawal 's 1 preserve 1 trailers 1 landed 1 shrieked 1 joined 1 amid 1 comrades 1 flare 1 manila 1 past - due 1 version 1 payout 1 desperado 1 sprint 1 tag 1 exploits 1 correct 1 u - turn 1 momentary 1 80s 1 watcha 1 general 1 hypotheses 1 spelled 1 two - tone 1 lovely 1 deep - space 1 quiet 1 bitter 1 closer 1 fooled 1 club 1 prepared 1 list 1 awaiting 1 snarled 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 massive 1 extremely 1 complain 1 tunnel 1 speeding 1 flirting 1 cloud 1 thrum 1 raise 1 gotten 1 hunter 1 pathetic 1 homes 1 acid 1 safety 1 translucent 1 gold 1 limbs 1 dirge 1 rote 1 poster 1 unlike 1 controversy 1 chance 1 beers 1 scoop 1 convertible 1 instant 1 favored 1 imagery 1 glue 1 cinder - streaked 1 scout 1 wreckage 1 tube 1 thumbed 1 indices 1 armpit 1 schmuck 1 bagged 1 marooned 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 sides 1 glasses 1 limbaugh 1 stalled 1 epiphany 1 swivel 1 stacks 1 mart 1 drowsed 1 abc 1 mosey 1 hang 1 crossed 1 shop 1 rear 1 phenomena 1 squirted 1 listen 1 spectrum 1 derelict 1 q 1 touching 1 shake 1 football 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 lowlife 1 reduced 1 repair 1 discotheque 1 live 1 tepid 1 doldrums 1 soul 1 confessing 1 deed 1 melodrama 1 reddening 1 appearance 1 pluto 1 h 1 consumed 1 chitin 1 structure 1 oh - two 1 woulda 923 .
the broadsword - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the broadsword 859 the 495 and 422 a 331 of 289 his 274 he 274 to 252 in 185 was 128 you 110 it 103 from 103 pershing 94 that 91 him 91 on 89 with 82 for 80 i 79 as 78 at 73 her 67 had 67 said 60 she 55 this 54 they 50 or 50 he 'd 50 an 47 were 47 if 47 into 44 be 43 by 41 what 40 like 39 their 39 one 37 so 37 not 36 them 35 about 34 mel 33 but 33 terry 33 through 32 when 31 more 31 wanda 30 me 30 no 29 than 29 is 28 who 27 we 27 there 27 out 26 over 26 all 26 around 25 do n't 25 been 24 got 24 two 24 then 23 your 22 would 22 its 22 back 22 come 22 how 22 made 22 did n't 22 night 21 i ' m 21 elgin 21 after 21 up 21 apartment 21 have 21 are 20 man 20 my 20 himself 20 while 18 could 18 do 18 which 17 pershing 's 17 away 17 just 17 went 17 off 17 old 16 some 16 other 16 too 16 few 16 these 15 now 15 until 15 face 15 thought 15 hand 14 even 14 behind 14 broadsword 14 hell 14 black 14 own 14 long 14 it 's 14 years 14 room 13 better 13 dark 13 gave 13 did 13 left 13 know 13 well 13 stood 13 time 13 oh 13 down 13 here 13 day 13 head 12 going 12 get 12 right 12 was n't 12 came 12 seen 12 only 12 make 12 every 12 maybe 12 light 12 detective 12 called 12 see 12 before 11 something 11 much 11 days 11 told 11 girl 11 had n't 11 lived 11 heart 11 water 11 three 11 put 11 tell 11 door 11 anything 11 along 10 that 's 10 near 10 little 10 you 're 10 any 10 where 10 heard 10 wanted 10 should 10 hours 10 eyes 10 wanda 's 10 vent 10 could n't 10 across 9 gone 9 people 9 eric 9 many 9 say 9 woman 9 shadows 9 woods 9 mind 9 place 9 men 9 person 9 house 9 morning 9 home 9 couple 9 took 9 several 9 yet 9 ever 9 saw 9 first 8 really 8 dennard 8 go 8 we 'll 8 talking 8 way 8 our 8 smiled 8 upon 8 last 8 against 8 inside 8 why 8 another 8 such 8 hotel 8 klecko 8 lay 8 hopkins 8 gina 8 drink 8 hands 8 cabin 8 will 8 i 'll 8 felt 8 because 8 wife 8 ask 8 take 8 window 8 she 'd 7 can 7 never 7 neck 7 end 7 someone 7 sure 7 wall 7 good 7 least 7 almost 7 toward 7 mr 7 glass 7 terry 's 7 sound 7 phone 7 bottle 7 bit 7 knew 7 red 7 during 7 darkness 7 life 7 moment 7 heat 7 dead 7 stared 7 second 7 love 7 find 7 trees 7 skin 7 friend 7 asked 7 done 7 small 7 weather 7 walked 7 five 7 enough 7 thing 6 danger 6 building 6 table 6 set 6 bad 6 stuff 6 late 6 fire 6 wine 6 hair 6 orange 6 wrong 6 those 6 months 6 turn 6 soon 6 living 6 superintendent 6 most 6 there 's 6 somebody 6 i ' ve 6 office 6 yeah 6 none 6 being 6 hard 6 fear 6 coming 6 minutes 6 brain 6 grinned 6 moved 6 pop 6 afternoon 6 certain 6 things 6 police 6 think 6 nothing 6 everything 6 mom 6 although 6 below 6 feet 6 arm 6 family 6 mouth 6 sense 6 rest 6 might 6 jimmy 6 ordbecker 6 quite 6 walker 6 blood 6 weeks 6 children 6 always 6 lost 6 watched 6 within 6 dressed 6 dreams 6 she 's 6 school 6 either 6 closer 6 us 5 drunk 5 real 5 elgin 's 5 tree 5 hot 5 who 'd 5 watching 5 damn 5 they 'd 5 later 5 kept 5 under 5 bed 5 great 5 child 5 new 5 sugar 5 voice 5 actually 5 anyone 5 relationship 5 hat 5 big 5 else 5 course 5 kids 5 gloria 5 percy 5 except 5 nobody 5 is n't 5 air 5 cops 5 chuckled 5 hills 5 turned 5 week 5 clouds 5 lights 5 outside 5 young 5 car 5 whispered 5 open 5 pack 5 odd 5 system 5 care 5 visit 5 together 5 cold 5 distance 5 frame 5 laughter 5 feel 5 started 5 sly 5 became 5 sweat 5 broke 5 between 5 dinner 5 body 5 appeared 5 shook 5 darkened 5 laughed 5 found 5 dozen 5 finally 5 killed 5 floor 5 noticed 5 side 5 name 5 glasses 5 mark 5 pair 5 high 4 dropped 4 everyone 4 owned 4 depths 4 hear 4 figured 4 saying 4 met 4 white 4 sleep 4 eventually 4 shut 4 prior 4 couch 4 want 4 tenants 4 ethel 4 four 4 tools 4 coffee 4 god 4 alone 4 questions 4 beyond 4 past 4 passed 4 conversation 4 order 4 kind 4 pretty 4 needed 4 screamed 4 acquired 4 ceiling 4 fact 4 sometimes 4 meet 4 state 4 decided 4 next 4 died 4 hit 4 worry 4 passing 4 recorder 4 clothes 4 seemed 4 soft 4 bedroom 4 meant 4 lisa 4 baby 4 give 4 managed 4 girlfriend 4 best 4 damp 4 camp 4 caused 4 played 4 edge 4 you 'll 4 would n't 4 despite 4 porch 4 box 4 spent 4 trying 4 figures 4 flesh 4 eye 4 fine 4 watch 4 meanwhile 4 line 4 furnace 4 olympia 4 vents 4 working 4 lighted 4 let 's 4 surveying 4 forms 4 whatever 4 bowl 4 yards 4 purple 4 happened 4 leaves 4 work 4 stories 4 hearing 4 half 4 kid 4 let 4 shadow 4 still 4 wind 4 rain 4 usually 4 stars 4 sat 4 sun 4 thus 4 others 4 spread 4 friends 4 gesture 4 faces 4 hole 4 since 4 television 4 knees 4 corner 4 slightly 4 true 4 unpleasant 4 scared 4 beneath 4 reached 4 quickly 4 moving 4 nearly 4 held 4 heavy 4 peace 4 tried 4 stage 4 remained 4 times 3 married 3 immediately 3 p 3 stone 3 rose 3 rocks 3 soda 3 happy 3 milk 3 green 3 job 3 organic 3 freeman 3 dragged 3 eating 3 relief 3 valley 3 doing 3 third 3 monday 3 boy 3 area 3 booze 3 affected 3 rolled 3 listened 3 he 's 3 lips 3 college 3 cheek 3 man 's 3 suggested 3 kinda 3 dear 3 understand 3 preferred 3 move 3 brother 3 without 3 manticore 3 fan 3 birthday 3 composed 3 rattled 3 start 3 bone 3 father 3 money 3 ten 3 september 3 look 3 mountains 3 again 3 means 3 119 3 west 3 lemonade 3 probably 3 custodian 3 sarah 3 hiking 3 pete 3 cast 3 company 3 m 3 middle 3 grew 3 younger 3 playing 3 missing 3 drinks 3 older 3 break 3 glanced 3 what 's 3 forest 3 have n't 3 crazy 3 dishes 3 strange 3 leaned 3 figure 3 windows 3 sneaking 3 jesus 3 waited 3 event 3 question 3 also 3 realized 3 field 3 forth 3 human 3 dirt 3 closed 3 showed 3 has 3 marina 3 meter 3 guys 3 use 3 star 3 fellow 3 mean 3 bushes 3 search 3 learned 3 stumbling 3 worked 3 situation 3 stretch 3 top 3 directly 3 waiting 3 yourself 3 word 3 sports 3 need 3 does 3 thankfully 3 cup 3 threw 3 regina 3 tears 3 itself 3 fingers 3 hate 3 anyway 3 whoever 3 lady 3 call 3 singing 3 talk 3 post 3 wished 3 climbed 3 weak 3 chatting 3 static 3 spooked 3 case 3 silver 3 shoe 3 we 're 3 battered 3 formed 3 closet 3 touched 3 operation 3 station 3 wound 3 mel 's 3 getting 3 connie 3 waved 3 tales 3 large 3 memory 3 become 3 betsy 3 downtown 3 enjoyed 3 each 3 smile 3 close 3 however 3 allowed 3 muscles 3 imagined 3 tonight 3 knocked 3 joints 3 very 3 nonetheless 3 problem 3 wilderness 3 blanket 3 stopped 3 deep 3 six 3 remembered 3 often 3 bright 3 described 3 same 3 named 3 dim 3 you ' ve 3 smelled 3 ordbeckers 3 attack 3 beer 3 pulled 3 gods 3 pretending 3 chop 3 touch 3 cared 3 shoulder 3 got ta 3 used 3 story 3 looks 3 served 3 gloom 3 sign 3 spy 3 dread 3 drank 3 clear 3 books 3 bobby 3 fell 3 surrounded 3 once 3 wore 3 fog 3 headed 3 leave 3 meager 3 massive 3 desk 3 short 3 sleeping 3 brought 3 remain 3 checked 3 anne 2 boxers 2 zipped 2 interview 2 super 2 wild 2 wait 2 share 2 death 2 farther 2 loaded 2 matter 2 tables 2 wo n't 2 trouble 2 local 2 suspicion 2 whom 2 show 2 1973 2 return 2 serious 2 keep 2 supply 2 spend 2 already 2 thanked 2 ghost 2 dripped 2 heavily 2 stains 2 psychic 2 evening 2 whistling 2 allegedly 2 owner 2 yellow 2 seconds 2 radiated 2 country 2 flared 2 degenerated 2 expression 2 wonder 2 considering 2 bring 2 parties 2 both 2 regular 2 mumble 2 tumbled 2 haunted 2 stygian 2 dad 2 restaurant 2 rather 2 age 2 there 'd 2 volume 2 bottles 2 key 2 save 2 experiences 2 bath 2 husband 2 2 2 doubt - less 2 card 2 thursday 2 moss 2 whispering 2 primordial 2 meat 2 experience 2 entire 2 plastic 2 erased 2 depot 2 hill 2 dream 2 woke 2 murmured 2 church 2 pulsed 2 crap 2 emanated 2 running 2 switch 2 swept 2 grasped 2 weirdoes 2 picked 2 stiff 2 mysterious 2 clearing 2 possible 2 metal 2 poured 2 split 2 jack 2 anxiety 2 sweetie 2 dusty 2 goes 2 buildings 2 radio 2 accepted 2 department 2 brightened 2 suspected 2 sticky 2 attracted 2 drinker 2 chair 2 narrow 2 following 2 sorry 2 definitely 2 they 're 2 gleamed 2 interested 2 grown 2 onto 2 fissure 2 whole 2 expensive 2 finger 2 would ' ve 2 occasional 2 voices 2 grimy 2 giggled 2 antique 2 forward 2 floors 2 hoped 2 flicked 2 gina 's 2 sweet 2 regarding 2 report 2 weekend 2 passenger 2 stop 2 rang 2 information 2 wallet 2 rust 2 misery 2 shrieking 2 kin 2 sounds 2 part 2 rescue 2 lifetime 2 insisted 2 knows 2 stayed 2 nebulous 2 recall 2 ached 2 convinced 2 elbow 2 recession 2 less 2 casually 2 tall 2 fixed 2 skull 2 stuck 2 lately 2 finding 2 bus 2 crowd 2 coy 2 beckoned 2 slashed 2 themselves 2 hanging 2 leaving 2 impression 2 liquor 2 clayton 2 constant 2 crew 2 ones 2 regarded 2 kitchen 2 certainly 2 engine 2 tomorrow 2 flickered 2 forced 2 suspect 2 peculiar 2 struck 2 steady 2 disappeared 2 escape 2 falsetto 2 hundred 2 consider 2 upstairs 2 shone 2 freight 2 lower 2 sounded 2 funny 2 uneasily 2 ridges 2 neighborhood 2 occurred 2 friendly 2 tendrils 2 visiting 2 cripes 2 view 2 okay 2 besides 2 ruled 2 exchanged 2 news 2 ball 2 devils 2 followed 2 beam 2 halls 2 plunged 2 emergency 2 moldy 2 early 2 lugging 2 nancy 2 morris 2 molding 2 executive 2 farfetched 2 acoustics 2 possibly 2 funeral 2 hid 2 hall 2 different 2 pleasure 2 seattle 2 lighting 2 glare 2 number 2 proved 2 having 2 blackened 2 carried 2 far 2 makes 2 maple 2 pad 2 slammed 2 especially 2 baseball 2 ha 2 cash 2 rise 2 dialed 2 lake 2 suite 2 guess 2 comfortable 2 catch 2 decades 2 dealt 2 round 2 illumination 2 routinely 2 son 2 cooling 2 syrupy 2 personality 2 teeth 2 complex 2 nine 2 marred 2 reason 2 labored 2 stretched 2 muffled 2 throbbing 2 continue 2 words 2 temperature 2 events 2 sandwiches 2 lot 2 notion 2 chin 2 fleshy 2 scope 2 nodded 2 softly 2 nearby 2 bet 2 retirement 2 returned 2 stay 2 embarrassingly 2 sudden 2 above 2 help 2 bastard 2 slurred 2 play 2 intensified 2 obviously 2 spade 2 prank 2 elevator 2 previous 2 staying 2 presence 2 thank 2 constance 2 check 2 naked 2 nature 2 note 2 keeping 2 colossal 2 race 2 kidneys 2 visions 2 bar 2 caverns 2 hide 2 answered 2 twinkled 2 city 2 wrinkled 2 dementia 2 kissed 2 grief 2 neighboring 2 ceased 2 earth 2 crooning 2 slipped 2 offline 2 wiped 2 rendered 2 wondered 2 higgins 2 patted 2 apocalypse 2 raving 2 portion 2 happens 2 mostly 2 mattress 2 wrote 2 normalcy 2 mystery 2 comment 2 judging 2 suits 2 he 'll 2 who 's 2 bathroom 2 ears 2 muted 2 breathed 2 friend 's 2 anybody 2 pains 2 nerves 2 tittered 2 blue 2 constantly 2 cards 2 nowhere 2 15 2 isolated 2 sofa 2 lifted 2 calling 2 subterranean 2 rank 2 inner 2 dreamed 2 california 2 surface 2 mass 2 gore 2 trick 2 girls 2 guessed 2 extra 2 bonfire 2 security 2 clash 2 shh 2 grin 2 run 2 answer 2 please 2 nah 2 opened 2 grab 2 revealed 2 wickedness 2 gathered 2 memories 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 burned 2 fit 2 careful 2 driver 2 record 2 talked 2 uncle 2 october 2 miles 2 emerged 2 whether 2 feeling 2 silence 2 grave 2 circuit 2 full 2 finished 2 panic 2 hidden 2 accompanied 2 brief 2 rooms 2 we ' ve 2 ordbecker 's 2 worst 2 fluttered 2 hello 2 happen 2 huddled 2 direction 2 stalking 2 inverted 2 teacher 2 sweetbreads 2 dry 2 campsite 2 numbers 2 warm 2 exactly 2 hey 2 overhead 2 dress 2 strangers 2 ring 2 pitcher 2 cars 2 gasped 2 quality 2 food 2 consecutive 2 asleep 2 thrilled 2 free 2 branches 2 sent 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 guilty 2 gon na 2 graduated 2 given 2 feed 2 lives 2 truth 2 stripped 2 slid 2 though 2 cabellos 2 secret 2 visited 2 rounds 2 looked 2 thirty - six 2 draped 2 entry 2 must 2 needle 2 imagination 2 lobster 2 pocket 2 dunno 2 normally 2 dogs 2 machines 2 ravine 2 easier 2 suffered 2 apparently 2 myself 2 ready 2 eric 's 2 track 2 wear 2 pale 2 bored 2 says 2 stench 2 spring 2 idea 2 cocktail 2 nightmares 2 empty 2 joy 2 hearth 2 guy 2 creeping 2 evergreen 2 nightmare 2 background 2 remote 2 melting 2 yes 2 daylight 2 base 2 change 2 are n't 2 glowed 2 stashed 2 lurked 2 roughly 2 does n't 2 cox 2 fancy 2 mindless 2 sort 2 game 2 reading 2 bigger 2 former 2 jerky 2 glow 2 fifty 2 sixth 2 refrigerator 2 mold 2 impossible 2 occasions 2 claimed 2 maintained 2 coolness 2 officer 2 cave 2 turns 2 robber 2 bugged 2 obstreperous 2 randy 2 drove 2 ghostly 2 clammy 2 compass 2 quiet 2 task 2 clock 2 concerns 2 senses 2 glance 2 whispers 2 supper 2 delirium 2 shirt 2 town 2 pump 2 gotten 2 helped 2 acid 2 looking 2 paid 2 seventy 2 simply 2 guilt 2 oozed 2 appreciation 2 vest 2 latest 2 noted 2 hang 2 crossed 2 shop 2 homeland 2 brown 2 bought 2 quarter 2 hugged 2 ghosts 2 slithered 1 levity 1 unexpectedly 1 descended 1 supplied 1 calm 1 taken 1 sole 1 voluptuous 1 ecstasy 1 campfire 1 belonged 1 lounging 1 gray 1 inimitable 1 medicine 1 single - bedroom 1 twenty 1 sluggish 1 declared 1 doorways 1 threshold 1 satanic 1 trust 1 bedrooms - elgin 1 settling 1 steadily 1 silly 1 batting 1 haste 1 gruesome 1 seeing 1 tenancy 1 fluid 1 satisfying 1 bench 1 mimicking 1 siege 1 white - gloved 1 broad - sword 1 fair 1 ballgames 1 tragic 1 fiercely 1 industrial 1 signaled 1 booth 1 who - ever 1 8 1 slung 1 headache 1 muck 1 quaking 1 peaked 1 noting 1 gourmands 1 appropriate 1 rate 1 coals 1 dramatically 1 density 1 remarking 1 extricated 1 unceremoniously 1 source 1 dwells 1 thunderclap 1 failed 1 sink 1 sanctuary 1 puckered 1 allowing 1 ear 1 boyhood 1 roosting 1 1 1 tattoo 1 sufficient 1 sumed 1 abiding 1 wash 1 finish 1 wring 1 cooked 1 acceptance 1 fresh 1 technicolor 1 amenities 1 robe 1 cancerous 1 demented 1 roared 1 appearance - his 1 hardwood 1 1983 1 chided 1 surprise 1 matted 1 daze 1 cracks 1 fetched 1 semblance 1 commented 1 antennas 1 echoing 1 exchange 1 backpack 1 um 1 veteran 1 wad 1 tightly 1 for - est 1 arms 1 latter 1 thigh 1 surpassed 1 gloomy 1 environments 1 fritz 1 blemishes 1 classier 1 relieve 1 taffy 1 rent 1 hissed 1 deal 1 personal 1 thoroughfares 1 nattering 1 soundless 1 banker 1 sweaty 1 suspension 1 historian 1 encampment 1 exposure 1 though - you 're 1 sidled 1 paralyzed 1 timbre 1 pulse 1 radical 1 logic 1 vast 1 tunes 1 student 1 partly 1 nightclub - cum - gambling 1 made - in - china 1 gape 1 architect 1 torch 1 recalling 1 suffocating 1 counting 1 leader 1 after - dinner 1 grudging 1 missed 1 violet 1 blasted 1 impatient 1 referred 1 coordination 1 detached 1 captor 1 bakery 1 geophysical 1 burglar 1 bats 1 brow 1 devour 1 crib 1 sight 1 vino 1 protected 1 arrived 1 cabinet 1 misses 1 relented 1 far - mainly 1 drifted 1 dug 1 overcome 1 offered 1 jumble 1 male 1 spied 1 concrete 1 explanations 1 precinct 1 flashing 1 mainly 1 lyrics 1 unimaginable 1 speed 1 toiled 1 drinking 1 located 1 rafters 1 zipper 1 nasty 1 wet 1 brad 1 twisted 1 signals 1 thumbs 1 chrysalis 1 spurred 1 adopted 1 candles 1 universe 1 wacko 1 daunting 1 jealousy 1 estate 1 cocked 1 route 1 observers ' 1 pattering 1 pulling 1 cur - rent 1 cosmos 1 patently 1 stoking 1 kerouac 1 elsewhere 1 styrofoam 1 stairwells 1 scotch 1 c'm on 1 tailored 1 perry 1 foreign 1 amused 1 district 1 irritable 1 infinite 1 sock 1 distorted 1 wolves 1 mental 1 lemon 1 vogue 1 fried 1 jeezus 1 foot 1 tiles 1 wrap 1 inexplicable 1 replaced 1 shale 1 worker 1 unidentifiable 1 hair - line 1 gas 1 snug 1 hope 1 knife 1 dimly 1 columned 1 exist 1 transformed 1 gets 1 criminal 1 construction 1 today 1 insulation 1 hmm 1 sport 1 fret 1 yolks 1 cloths 1 conditioning 1 doorway 1 titanic 1 tail 1 extent 1 heirs 1 spree 1 fix 1 released 1 chilly 1 doughnut 1 pincers 1 measures 1 gunned 1 sinking 1 taxes 1 verse 1 dawn 1 fringes 1 mastery 1 tract 1 terrified 1 lane 1 tiptoed 1 purchased 1 perched 1 season 1 clumsily 1 furniture 1 splattered 1 nonchalance 1 blame 1 hippie 1 sea 1 graduate 1 routine 1 melted 1 coils 1 worn 1 sickening 1 sharing 1 smoking 1 jobs 1 dismissive 1 wary 1 inevitably 1 humid 1 tuned 1 abused 1 yesterday 1 perils 1 miked 1 viscid 1 girl 's 1 cyst 1 habitat 1 silent 1 broadsword - they 1 player 1 popping 1 trapped 1 contemptuous 1 polar 1 insinuated 1 loath 1 regina 's 1 unconvinced 1 them - selves 1 crushing 1 dresser 1 lord 1 disconnected 1 mariners ' 1 amiable 1 incipient 1 vats 1 surveyor 1 flirtatious 1 excursions - no 1 out - she 1 unconscious 1 boded 1 exact 1 child - and 1 strands 1 juices 1 divorced 1 punch 1 blue - streaked 1 electricity 1 gorge 1 hefted 1 noxious 1 san 1 ohh 1 mars 1 spilled 1 seized 1 memorabilia 1 prowling 1 focused 1 quick 1 peeling 1 hellion 1 transferring 1 poet 1 ripped 1 possibility 1 artificiality 1 flashlight 1 match 1 suspicious 1 spiritual 1 twilight 1 pilgrimage - on 1 catered 1 series 1 perspiring 1 prickle 1 shatter 1 mounds 1 variety 1 unsteadily 1 nervous 1 bubble 1 chills 1 hostile 1 abandoning 1 uphill 1 phantom 1 gulf 1 travails 1 refused 1 carl 1 alcoholism 1 jumpy 1 lifestyle 1 bodies 1 tab 1 bone - white 1 original 1 seldom 1 she 'll 1 jamb 1 aloofness 1 brick 1 seventieth 1 pit 1 destroyed 1 embedded 1 quiescent 1 temp 1 wan 1 shaken 1 tricks 1 breathy 1 tinny 1 relive 1 straddle - legged 1 second - guessing 1 trail 1 provincial 1 confide 1 getting 's 1 middle - income 1 chicken 1 roiled 1 decked 1 introduced 1 addled 1 snoring 1 withdraw 1 hosted 1 shit 1 periodically 1 sour - mel 1 1982 1 kicked 1 slaughterhouse 1 letters 1 squeal 1 features 1 pleasantries 1 fortunate 1 physiognomies 1 inches 1 blankenship 1 preceded 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 determined 1 yonder 1 relish 1 deepest 1 conditioner 1 tattooed 1 intestines 1 goodnight 1 zone 1 grandfather 's 1 visualized 1 personally 1 five - year - old 1 mice 1 sparks 1 stab 1 superior 1 rained 1 dropping 1 appraised 1 roads 1 miss 1 pride 1 reach 1 bowls 1 purely 1 funded 1 reliable 1 neatly 1 scarcely 1 chocolates 1 gravitas 1 particular 1 discern 1 9 1 vanguard 1 glaring 1 el 1 manitou 1 chapter 1 ances 1 implacably 1 blend 1 was - poor 1 surgeon 1 traditional 1 fishy 1 fears 1 follow 1 11 1 continued 1 endless 1 approving 1 ecological 1 chasing 1 queued 1 smudges 1 bravado 1 prints 1 snicker 1 glittery 1 friday 1 abduction 1 sly 's 1 wonder- 1 soundings 1 fed 1 camouflage 1 procession 1 coiling 1 hum 1 whistled 1 wha - a - t 1 chuckles 1 breathing 1 assorted 1 unease 1 leech 1 corona 1 day 's 1 stumbled 1 circling 1 chest 1 wondering 1 ganja 1 months- 1 mush 1 sensible 1 slumped 1 ascended 1 nonsense 1 cups 1 repeat 1 screwing 1 jerks 1 wave 1 victims 1 eternal 1 putting 1 hissing 1 protect 1 penitence 1 herself 1 underneath 1 amateur 1 agency 1 indebted 1 gibbering 1 comfort 1 mixer 1 subtly 1 unseen 1 come - on 1 muggers 1 thud 1 steep 1 burst 1 ethel 's 1 ammonia 1 dorm 1 pal 1 innocent 1 as- 1 che 1 incidents 1 grottos 1 nose 1 prospects 1 unscrewed 1 outgrabe 1 illuminated 1 gentlemen 1 impatience 1 own - and 1 delusional 1 miller 1 forty - five 1 boisterous 1 invasion 1 couples 1 slugger 1 trembled 1 cutting 1 sacred 1 absurd 1 calls 1 visitor - call 1 fields 1 jeez 1 lashed 1 know - two 1 civilization 's 1 spacious 1 fright 1 special 1 stores 1 bruises 1 sundew 1 ultimately 1 generally 1 s 1 sweated 1 leaning 1 changed 1 ruefully 1 shed 1 cloudy 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ziggurats 1 actors 1 weekends 1 disconsolate 1 plaster 1 traveling 1 sober 1 eight 1 cynicism 1 hiss 1 half - crouched 1 hullo 1 hiker 1 discoveries 1 doorknobs 1 overnight 1 beat 1 cooler 1 tender 1 diabolical 1 indignities 1 wednesday 1 colleagues 1 intent 1 marks 1 handy 1 mome 1 bookshops 1 insides 1 eager 1 sake 1 dwelled 1 exquisitely 1 standby 1 announced 1 choir 1 insufferable 1 postmark 1 material 1 repulsed 1 heed 1 griping 1 amazing 1 men ' 1 grillwork 1 blob 1 bole 1 fence 1 depressingly 1 authorities 1 submerged 1 fir 1 hemisphere 1 roof 1 parked 1 greenhouse 1 sipping 1 desert 1 tops 1 migration 1 3 1 venture 1 timeless 1 groans 1 inspection 1 storm 1 delivered 1 dismissal 1 parking 1 shapes 1 soup 1 punctured 1 horn 1 betters 1 treaty 1 yawned 1 winter 1 amniotic 1 silently 1 explained 1 confident 1 beds 1 iii 1 insane 1 slither 1 shocked 1 freaked 1 ungainly 1 you - no 1 cackle 1 bellicose 1 subscription 1 oasis 1 shrank 1 14 1 begged 1 mischievous 1 overripe 1 basket 1 hooked 1 bouquet 1 imposter 1 recorded 1 screaming 1 robot 1 blind 1 desks 1 peephole - she 1 scuttling 1 lesser - known 1 thoroughly 1 cavern 1 accomplishment 1 disappointing 1 perilously 1 inlet 1 caked 1 tomb 1 remainder 1 james 1 awarded 1 reasonable 1 frankly 1 calendar 1 luxuriating 1 penchant 1 slimy 1 forests 1 sparked 1 brine 1 humor 1 seven 1 pop 's 1 making 1 fulfilled 1 matches 1 figurines 1 camps 1 thickness 1 cleared 1 axis 1 father 's 1 appalachian 1 swim 1 muggy 1 kiddo 1 overlong 1 thickets 1 grandma 1 flat 1 slime 1 plenty 1 annoyed 1 misty 1 guzzle 1 senior 1 spooled 1 behavior 1 dislocation 1 chatted 1 afterthought 1 da 1 toughs 1 file 1 dignity 1 degrees 1 starch 1 pissed - i 1 vodka 1 feeble 1 criminals 1 chivvied 1 semi - hypnosis 1 creaked 1 received 1 valium 1 hi 1 devise 1 earthman 1 slice 1 fbi 1 deserted 1 circle 1 cooperation 1 cuffs 1 melvin 1 fate 1 over - head 1 customs 1 glimmered 1 getaway 1 everywhere 1 snatch 1 mitt 1 seventy - two 1 uh 1 palm 1 rammed 1 august 1 guant 1 flying 1 children - unfortunately 1 scraped 1 snuggling 1 shoulders 1 bane 1 odor 1 lobbyists 1 choose 1 tip 1 hypothermia 1 movies 1 fondness 1 chewed 1 mob 1 indulged 1 eat 1 legends 1 liked 1 robes 1 adams 1 helplessness 1 defeated 1 ansel 1 handed 1 mist 1 queenly 1 lush 1 fancifully 1 barton 1 halfway 1 dribbled 1 squeezed 1 harriet 1 cultural 1 terrestrial 1 vermiculate 1 reassuring 1 habit 1 transfixed 1 suffering 1 bury 1 busy 1 disliked 1 wives 1 brush 1 aspect 1 teens 1 kinds 1 sardonically 1 rooting 1 killingly 1 househusband 1 barnacles - a 1 beastly 1 sighed 1 seasonally 1 phantoms 1 brimstone 1 gnaw 1 settled 1 riveted 1 career 1 ordered 1 rapidly 1 preparing 1 wenbr 1 swipe 1 uninterested 1 ventriloquism 1 elevators 1 fans 1 shift 1 dash 1 healthy 1 immortals 1 bat 1 mid - tune 1 studying 1 destruction 1 ties 1 dessert 1 banana 1 pits 1 carpet 1 phone- 1 reef 1 hackles 1 lipstick 1 tumwater 1 frame 's 1 lit 1 contortionist 's 1 ter 1 staking 1 becomes 1 american 1 ironically 1 posh 1 bothers 1 chuckling 1 abyssal 1 dashing 1 some - thing 1 hideously 1 cliffs 1 involved 1 torments 1 speechless 1 blurred 1 whispering - he 1 magma 1 investigator 1 boys 1 confined 1 person - sing 1 runs 1 sporting 1 eggshell 1 warehouses 1 spilling 1 forty - something - she 1 honeydew 1 originated 1 chords 1 ruffians 1 sucked 1 ship 1 discovered 1 tapered 1 bookshelf 1 sweltering 1 questioning 1 powerful 1 rum 1 obligatory 1 curb 1 salary 1 impending 1 probing 1 loved 1 clangs 1 potted 1 sucking 1 jimmy 's 1 unpacked 1 consultant 1 write 1 guide 1 scouring 1 washington 1 legislature 1 abutted 1 alkaline 1 inscrutable 1 schoolboy 1 worse 1 denver 1 drooling 1 mutton 1 pilates 1 reports 1 gulley 1 laid 1 ye 1 has n't 1 frantic 1 silhouetted 1 fluttering 1 bulletproof 1 recent 1 so - called 1 bric - a - brac - and 1 concentrated 1 possibilities 1 boughs 1 scraping 1 bolt 1 tenant 1 sharp 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 gang 1 semi - deserted 1 menagerie 1 halfheartedly 1 faith 1 photo - graphs 1 accomplished 1 wrestling 1 butcher 1 unhappily 1 napkins 1 surfaced 1 grizzlies 1 warranted 1 cyclones 1 cassock 1 denizens 1 depressing 1 screwed 1 weakness 1 world 1 tinfoil 1 greatest 1 slow - two 1 customary 1 murder 1 demesne 1 breach 1 hurry 1 niche 1 pragmatist 1 fern 1 form 1 rough - hewn 1 phil 1 traveled 1 incredulous 1 gaze 1 throng 1 smooth 1 subconscious 1 i - this 1 annual 1 vanished 1 1989 1 ribs 1 savagery 1 possessed 1 priest 1 flights 1 costs 1 various 1 wilted 1 survivor 's 1 intruding 1 obsession 1 imagining 1 devoid 1 walls 1 may 1 suckled 1 lamps 1 coyotes 1 paternally 1 gravel 1 installed 1 attached 1 wrists 1 peril 1 23 1 glances 1 holly - style 1 apartment - the 1 relieved 1 hyper - reality 1 convention 1 ah 1 creep 1 blocks 1 sideburns 1 crying 1 curling 1 suit - nothing 1 income 1 hesitated 1 glisten 1 casual 1 walk 1 manage 1 casualness 1 knock 1 eel 1 desisted 1 precariously 1 surely 1 flickering 1 effected 1 clicked 1 relevance 1 leaking 1 summoned 1 quivering 1 reds 1 frankie 's 1 fluctuations 1 incalculable 1 miserably 1 resist 1 kindly 1 terry - creature 1 interrogation 1 oxygen 1 included 1 tape 1 despaired 1 loveseat 1 rot 1 suspenders 1 breaking 1 creatures 1 terrorize 1 winds 1 admit 1 munched 1 wired 1 bled 1 lied 1 nightclubs 1 pyramids 1 scents 1 largely 1 fallen 1 weeknights 1 albeit 1 meet - your - cute - neighbor 1 anger 1 crashed 1 stinging 1 tubes 1 pay 1 historical 1 wary 's 1 abscess 1 lord - are 1 shot 1 tension 1 studiousness 1 courtship 1 exhaustion 1 pink 1 acknowledged 1 papers 1 rush 1 stronger 1 rustic 1 advancing 1 trespassers 1 broom 1 lizard 1 socialite 1 bother 1 sir 1 button - up 1 based 1 ruined 1 dial 1 sixty - seven 1 awkwardly 1 chasm 1 packed 1 ballroom 1 meaning 1 nut 1 pain 1 piled 1 chivvy 1 shape 1 degree 1 foresight 1 wasteland 1 politicians 1 illuminating 1 lamented 1 overgrown 1 yard 1 discussed 1 inkling 1 l 1 atm 1 successfully 1 ducts 1 16 1 existed 1 member 1 waves 1 computer 1 punching 1 delectable 1 orderly 1 malcontents 1 shortly 1 scram 1 nestle 1 handsome 1 1958 1 twice 1 u 1 cracking 1 hyperventilating 1 that- 1 raths 1 hurtin ' 1 flies 1 marshmallows 1 midnight 1 cry 1 mouthful 1 breaks 1 filled 1 weasel 1 dying 1 mustache 1 groping 1 beatings 1 imitation 1 ken 1 move- 1 burnt 1 buddy 1 suddenly 1 consented 1 politely 1 well - dressed 1 swirl 1 writhed 1 lightning 1 pop - let 1 separation 1 lust 1 corners 1 math 1 boom 1 underworld 1 turtlenecks 1 useful 1 mud 1 winked 1 drapes 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 pushing 1 throat 1 sufficiently 1 band 1 posturing 1 sealed 1 infinitely 1 shallow 1 charm 1 arrayed 1 switched 1 nameless 1 lamp 1 malign 1 takeoff 1 confronted 1 overseas 1 trappings 1 drawer 1 bonfires 1 jaded 1 dropcloth 1 tidy 1 shiny 1 dried 1 alien 1 wicked 1 mentioned 1 distant 1 rambunctious 1 sundown 1 suspended 1 late - night 1 transmitting 1 masks 1 you 'd 1 threatened 1 periodic 1 droopy 1 typical 1 safe 1 luminescent 1 christmas 1 fastened 1 ice 1 hibernation 1 fitful 1 schlepping 1 ignorance 1 pointed 1 softened 1 searching 1 message 1 suburbanite 1 belly 1 began 1 whisper 1 downpour 1 frailties 1 idiot 1 fading 1 needles 1 surveillance 1 pelted 1 dashed 1 freezer 1 creep - infested 1 perform 1 shoveled 1 treetops 1 excursions 1 gift 1 dresses 1 stranger 's 1 curiosity 1 planets 1 aging 1 taste 1 dictated 1 miasma 1 medium 1 root 1 kissing 1 puffy 1 particularly 1 impromptu 1 perhaps 1 burns 1 blindly 1 captors 1 credible 1 jumping 1 jointed 1 voice- 1 entrance 1 bumped 1 placing 1 townhouse 1 forget 1 obscured 1 expedition 1 absent 1 clapped 1 showered 1 tightwad 1 cookies 1 eyeing 1 4 1 belongs 1 drifting 1 recorder - pershing 1 noise 1 thinker 1 cruel 1 infamous 1 humanoid 1 robed 1 temperate 1 cable 1 thin - he 1 cozy 1 air - conditioned 1 flapping 1 matters 1 open - heart 1 slack 1 seams 1 studied 1 incredible 1 access 1 panama 1 land 1 churned 1 guts 1 lots 1 toothbrush 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 shouted 1 type 1 upright 1 hauled 1 ladies 1 chicks 1 smirked 1 ended 1 nilson 1 fortean 1 northerly 1 security - conscious 1 nervousness 1 simultaneously 1 memos 1 regardless 1 stepfather 1 jungle 1 faced 1 curl 1 houston 1 rendezvous 1 doubtless 1 front 1 measuring 1 pitchers 1 asking 1 week - hid 1 crinkled 1 bunch 1 12 1 moment - he 1 china 1 noise - which 1 exoskeletons 1 stoicism 1 knelt 1 cowls 1 flown 1 occasionally 1 twitchier 1 foulness 1 contact 1 holy 1 beaches 1 rolexes 1 mention 1 something - someone - watching 1 him - self 1 river 1 products 1 hunted 1 pace 1 jet 1 chick 1 frequently 1 poor 1 smiling 1 sickos 1 waking 1 tea 1 ouster 1 four - star 1 johnny 1 sweeping 1 fostered 1 build 1 magician 1 cottage - style 1 navigate 1 hip 1 proposed 1 done - in 1 drenched 1 known 1 peek 1 atop 1 mug 1 visits 1 ham 1 trudged 1 sneering 1 hammered 1 testicles 1 cloves 1 dizzy 1 turkey 1 fungi 1 mossy 1 bickered 1 walton 's 1 perception 1 crooked 1 slug 1 clusters 1 silver - sly 1 reminding 1 salad 1 stunned 1 someone 's 1 ankles 1 four - piece 1 croaked 1 impressed 1 towed 1 quarters 1 clich 1 at - an 1 giant 1 yelm 1 limber 1 deceit 1 immortality 1 offspring 1 fewer 1 dais 1 reflexive 1 lunch 1 metamorphosed 1 sconces 1 laugh 1 spiked 1 sentience 1 tale 1 sickly 1 bloomed 1 remarked 1 power 1 business 1 apropos 1 reception 1 substance 1 claim 1 shines 1 infuriated 1 mansion 1 bore 1 ecclesiastical 1 plants 1 humanity 1 bizarre 1 downed 1 shrubbery 1 speaking 1 inherited 1 nimbus 1 drought 1 needling 1 grip 1 lurking 1 wrapped 1 surgery 1 cloister 1 physician 1 sue 1 unless 1 spun 1 5 1 complete 1 porcelain 1 mortified 1 understaffed 1 flowers 1 mates 1 pants 1 chilled 1 wife- 1 hollows 1 agree 1 wood 1 misfit 1 diffuse 1 frozen 1 inebriated 1 encountered 1 cases 1 temporary 1 chosen 1 equally 1 stammer 1 inhaled 1 rental 1 comprehend 1 warned 1 mock 1 waving 1 trait 1 deadbolt 1 blades 1 nailed 1 raining 1 boulders 1 cramped 1 60s 1 wobble 1 steel 1 laborious 1 magnified 1 warnings 1 contract 1 cheerily 1 gasping 1 duct 1 significant 1 extended 1 interlaced 1 amazed 1 metaphor 1 mask 1 blinked 1 height 1 malfunctioning - condensation 1 shoved 1 howled 1 snooper 1 disappear 1 lever 1 gestured 1 comes 1 deity 1 half - empty 1 paused 1 opposite 1 slope 1 midday 1 boiler 1 listening 1 interminable 1 anyone 's 1 war 1 tormentors 1 fanned 1 fairly 1 arrival 1 honey 1 snickered 1 disagreed 1 beast 1 caught 1 organizing 1 region 1 according 1 arranged 1 monthly 1 sour 1 predicted 1 weary 1 replied 1 re - creation 1 hapless 1 language 1 aura 1 damaging 1 camino 1 snake 1 fiber - optic 1 earshot 1 emotional 1 assured 1 radiation 1 heaps 1 winding 1 clean 1 main 1 mantel 1 conferences 1 drive 1 broadly 1 13 1 mail 1 soiled 1 relics 1 drained 1 smattering 1 berkeley 1 somewhere 1 deep - sea 1 date 1 concerned 1 toil 1 autumn 1 vending 1 irritation 1 soldier 1 absolut 1 roaches 1 sometime 1 inward 1 basement 1 nerveless 1 energy 1 mirror 1 month 1 float 1 griffey 1 doomed 1 wilds 1 appears 1 policy 1 shampoo 1 neighbors 1 seek- 1 fist 1 uniformed 1 brand 1 snugged 1 readings 1 explain 1 sky 1 spoke 1 shuddered 1 brass 1 squirming 1 plucking 1 underbrush 1 measured 1 cheery 1 imminent 1 shuttered 1 shot - a 1 droop 1 invaded 1 mornings 1 survive 1 shirts 1 bearable 1 buzzed 1 unchanged 1 af- 1 proper 1 warmed 1 seam 1 places 1 slight 1 midwest 1 ago 1 agonies 1 haze 1 mistake 1 doncha 1 safely 1 coveralls 1 crack 1 crude 1 coiffed 1 tunnels 1 machete 1 caliber 1 heighten 1 lounge 1 dark - haired 1 animal 1 puddle 1 unusual 1 photo 1 lesser 1 circles 1 opaque 1 ringing 1 canned 1 associates 1 chill 1 claiming 1 deco 1 goods 1 east 1 hotter 1 roar 1 games 1 cornered 1 realm 1 crawled 1 art 1 screeches 1 half - hearted 1 truly 1 months ' 1 feelings 1 flag 1 911 1 apartments 1 foolish 1 understood 1 campers 1 sixty - nine 1 papered 1 seat 1 thick 1 lutheran 1 gear 1 protestations 1 dispatcher 1 shame 1 clay - ton 1 wedge 1 wandering 1 mugged 1 assimilation 1 pistol 1 deck 1 civilization 1 toadstools 1 currently 1 deepened 1 malevolent 1 creepos 1 mini - cameras 1 vertebra 1 signs 1 frankie 1 aside 1 added 1 guppies 1 murky 1 movement 1 ease 1 provided 1 contracting 1 relatively 1 belt 1 gulped 1 sidewalk 1 nuclear 1 rock 1 built 1 grand 1 bulk 1 bones 1 monitor 1 spine 1 coomb 1 parlors 1 shears 1 force 1 trembling 1 measure 1 deform 1 damnable 1 threats 1 shove 1 history 1 perfume 1 seems 1 observing 1 awake 1 louisville 1 renovations 1 exquisite 1 sooty 1 swaying 1 recognition 1 buddies 1 impress 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 swing 1 generation 1 1979 1 radiance 1 ginsberg 1 shivered 1 foggy 1 receded 1 plate 1 sip 1 yell 1 wishes 1 bushy 1 sixty 1 croaks 1 consolation 1 hollow 1 full - blown 1 olympia 's 1 informing 1 rosary 1 whose 1 paranoia 1 propagate 1 thinking 1 vulnerability 1 nervously 1 juice 1 legs 1 answering 1 moderate 1 beings 1 days ' 1 navy 1 engineering 1 skyline 1 keepsakes - snapshots 1 leg 1 clockwork 1 thrashed 1 garden - party - throwing 1 counts 1 tagged 1 bowels 1 terror 1 shells 1 weirdo 1 tarot 1 docks 1 technologies 1 maneuvers 1 bastards 1 ineffable 1 itched 1 conducted 1 grind 1 accentuated 1 swirling 1 images 1 service 1 escaping 1 forever 1 tones 1 buoyed 1 horror 1 uprooted 1 6 1 penetrate 1 thrillers 1 settings 1 sprang 1 outta 1 gargantuan 1 leaden 1 percy 's 1 hour 's 1 pillow 1 subscribe 1 course - also 1 wish 1 promise 1 shredded 1 void 1 wormed 1 clientele 1 sighing 1 attention 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 visitation 1 prowler 1 icecaps 1 melancholy 1 tough 1 reality 1 dreamt 1 pieces 1 prowled 1 carton 1 bars 1 fifth 1 metallic 1 mush - rooms 1 recognized 1 of- 1 sublime 1 folding 1 doubt 1 block 1 grow 1 squeeze 1 edgy 1 heck 1 muscle 1 outer 1 mission 1 employee 1 chums 1 estimated 1 bounced 1 rabid 1 year 1 caressed 1 embarrassment 1 sprawled 1 delighted 1 among 1 wooded 1 epoxy 1 photos 1 moist 1 stride 1 shawl 1 idiotically 1 refined 1 golf 1 jose 1 knuckle 1 fireplace 1 badger 1 filthy 1 ratty 1 proportion 1 jumped 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 private 1 half - dozen 1 electromagnetic 1 mimicked 1 cover 1 par - ties 1 migrated 1 covering 1 bucko - we ' ve 1 some - times 1 footprints 1 average 1 ernest 1 warning 1 cuddled 1 hunters 1 gracious 1 cause 1 tore 1 moon 1 odds 1 sewage 1 beefy 1 status 1 internally 1 ufo 1 unfold 1 clever 1 tight 1 signed 1 sniveling 1 were n't 1 mica 1 stairs 1 popular 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 crackpot 1 hobs 1 handle 1 irate 1 olympic 1 eh 1 equipment 1 paced 1 sergeant 's 1 indeed 1 cannery 1 coincidence 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 undulated 1 hunting 1 curtains 1 brood 1 recovered 1 retired 1 bowed 1 christmases 1 fifteen 1 cries 1 knows - perhaps 1 bear 1 waitresses 1 play - by - play 1 converted 1 improbable 1 satisfaction 1 tramped 1 suit 1 primeval 1 reserved 1 resident 1 wiser 1 tacoma 1 elementary 1 sans 1 superstitious 1 listener 1 worlds 1 prayers 1 lunatic 1 due 1 argued 1 cautionary 1 agnostic 1 amusing 1 toes 1 sub - basement 1 coldness 1 frames 1 catcher 's 1 flows 1 kilter 1 elongated 1 suited 1 vacation 1 prominently 1 intensity 1 raw 1 diabolic 1 hoot 1 ya 1 grate 1 similar 1 peninsula 1 cloth 1 bits 1 doorframe 1 flowed 1 francisco 1 summer 1 barked 1 waste 1 push 1 hold 1 homesteads 1 beamed 1 whiskey 1 prayed 1 populated 1 resonated 1 friends - did n't 1 disappointment 1 tremblay 1 labor 1 bags 1 license 1 sons 1 explanation 1 disguise 1 seven - floor 1 tracks 1 paranoid 1 goosed 1 7 1 larger 1 loose 1 suppressed 1 parkas 1 predicament 1 gloaming 1 uptight 1 impressive 1 sneaky 1 night 's 1 theorized 1 mourning 1 pissed 1 raised 1 jangled 1 blue - tinged 1 ticked 1 den 1 ass 1 professor - and 1 outdoorsmen 1 hike 1 undefined 1 amazement 1 unbecoming 1 haircuts 1 rack 1 separate 1 metastasize 1 dwindled 1 waddell 1 grandmother 1 diatribes 1 space 1 testament 1 librarian 1 parts 1 hollywood 1 wonderland 1 corporation 1 kooks 1 wedged 1 clinked 1 savage 1 fake 1 incident 1 influenced 1 girly 1 reeked 1 heineken 1 orbits 1 gentlemanly 1 continuing 1 re - move 1 relished 1 half - dead 1 ill - concealed 1 eyelids 1 supine 1 squat 1 circulation 1 manic 1 women 1 guevara - loving 1 am 1 public 1 there 'll 1 rumbled 1 kidding 1 yelling 1 stale 1 vile 1 fully 1 grotto 1 propped - up 1 ruffled 1 flap 1 oddly 1 patiently 1 cynic 1 skating 1 lulled 1 screwdriver 1 anthony 's 1 suppose 1 counselor 1 uncoiling 1 hysteria 1 checking 1 downhill 1 able 1 style 1 signal 1 tighten 1 eavesdropping 1 ing 1 ranches 1 seventh - inning 1 swung 1 celebrities 1 wan- 1 segued 1 crates 1 entrenchment 1 peeked 1 ushered 1 fred 1 upper 1 creak 1 wooden 1 bart 1 hallucinating 1 outhouse 1 twigs 1 lethargic 1 pill 1 tone 1 vengeance 1 freedom 1 noon 1 commanded 1 chanted 1 unable 1 dude 1 faculties 1 spitting 1 alive 1 prohibited 1 jihadist 1 shushing 1 species 1 gentry 1 intestine 1 crash 1 remedy 1 tongue 1 wants 1 concluded 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 mike 1 outcroppings 1 waddel 1 stream 1 justice 1 echoed 1 woefully 1 horridly 1 shushed 1 pools 1 store 1 response 1 lair 1 seeping 1 weird 1 trips 1 ranting 1 skills 1 stabbings 1 tiny 1 fillings 1 prefer 1 70s 1 walking 1 altogether 1 bank 1 attended 1 decade 1 covered 1 convince 1 tour 1 10 1 train 1 trio 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 perfectly 1 bumping 1 straightened 1 occurring 1 inconceivable 1 borrow 1 adaptations 1 outlets 1 backlit 1 frequency 1 grill 1 squirmed 1 management 1 namo 1 oven 1 rude 1 beaming 1 broad 1 shore 1 muddy 1 longer 1 jogged 1 surprising 1 scores 1 grandfather 1 tilting 1 steps 1 expanding 1 limp 1 woman 's 1 wander 1 ground 1 swallowed 1 tracked 1 laboring 1 coast 1 argue 1 dismissed 1 acknowledge 1 wordless 1 malice 1 no - freaking - body 1 cubicles 1 idealist 1 roasting 1 stark 1 drying 1 clouded 1 fashion 1 believe 1 otherwise 1 evilly 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 flee 1 should ' ve 1 too - frequent 1 generations- 1 grotesque 1 hangdog 1 rushed 1 twenty - first 1 scratched 1 firelight 1 well - dresses 1 child 's 1 mode 1 creepy 1 rooted 1 secure 1 winced 1 garble 1 inflict 1 useless 1 shall 1 further 1 happily 1 messages 1 albums 1 gusts 1 scribbled 1 stubbornness 1 door - way 1 roses 1 tumbling 1 knotted 1 sold 1 puppets 1 step 1 smithsonian 1 calmness 1 nudge 1 winded 1 neglect 1 charged 1 hikers 1 suites 1 entrails 1 objects 1 unknown 1 machine 1 seniors 1 crowded 1 cried 1 point 1 absentee 1 secretiveness 1 gained 1 loop 1 preoccupied 1 pinned 1 marched 1 youth - clean - shaven 1 trap 1 ingles 1 pastureland 1 bibliophile 1 pull 1 gait 1 clumsy 1 perforce 1 briefly 1 toolbox 1 ganglia 1 color 1 jerk 1 pipes 1 locked 1 instead 1 vibrated 1 staring 1 scalded 1 distanced 1 ether 1 mariners 1 belongings 1 exclamations 1 gripped 1 repeated 1 c 1 shelf 1 cocoa 1 fantasy 1 palpable 1 skulked 1 crystalline 1 herd 1 inevitable 1 revert 1 turbines 1 voltmeter 1 tangible 1 baggy 1 pierced 1 purple - black 1 screams 1 minute 1 cigarette 1 quo 1 unspeakable 1 merlot 1 kettle 1 mooning 1 neanderthal 1 lose 1 spoken 1 vain 1 pause 1 skyward 1 courage 1 gramps 1 warmup 1 sunday 1 nagging 1 holocaust 1 starless 1 owners 1 granite 1 inherent 1 photographs 1 stroke 1 accumulation 1 toothless 1 logging 1 videos 1 present 1 ape 1 large - hearted 1 imitated 1 apparition 1 unceremonious 1 proverbial 1 wherever 1 shrieked 1 guys - i ' m 1 relaxed 1 joined 1 bathed 1 waiter 1 ate 1 lured 1 cupped 1 rankled 1 driving 1 restore 1 supposed 1 mad- 1 shops 1 barbequing 1 gradually 1 ca n't 1 24 1 century 1 robinson 1 agreed 1 diaspora 1 utter 1 colliding 1 crank 1 fooled 1 quoted 1 club 1 gently 1 jelly 1 prepared 1 promptly 1 awaiting 1 seem 1 blackest 1 falls 1 stiffened 1 section 1 estimates 1 sunset 1 invisible 1 cleveland 1 spending 1 tunnel 1 shingle 1 street 1 landlord 1 sneaked 1 cloud 1 vocal 1 acting 1 social 1 raise 1 bloom 1 histories 1 blacked 1 lines 1 doses 1 safety 1 retreat 1 waterproof 1 recliner 1 susurration 1 hotel 's 1 chance 1 scoop 1 obscenities 1 millions 1 favored 1 detective 's 1 buried 1 true - that 1 armpit 1 camped 1 facelifts 1 from- 1 dimmed 1 protocol 1 substitute 1 foliage 1 swivel 1 crab - walked 1 intelligent 1 anderson 1 stomach 1 momentarily 1 searing 1 avoided 1 nauseated 1 bedrooms - naked 1 hopped 1 blackness 1 folk 1 foundation 1 swanky 1 shake 1 jacket 1 drop 1 ridge 1 football 1 hypnosis 1 underground 1 bloomers 1 services 1 party 1 notepad 1 live 1 tepid 1 counter 1 sergeant 1 automaton 1 adaptable 1 twenty - sixth 1 lecher 1 culprits 1 squelching 1 it 'll 1 frowned 1 sentient 1 leap 1 laughed - that 1 jr 1 team 1 1918 1 hallucinated 1 microphones 1 demonstrated 1 destroy 1 six - pack 928 .
what kind of low slattern as that would put such a thing out for the world to see ?
one thing i knew for sure , i was nt going to set foot anywhere near that stone tower if my life depended on it .
one thing is for sure , the barrel of a gun looks a lot bigger when its pointed at you .
why not just the whole thing ?
the last thing he wanted was for people to see that they the family of the man who shot their sons and daughters had security stationed at their house .
but there s one more thing we d appreciate if you have a few minutes if you enjoyed whitespace , or even if you kinda liked it , please leave a review today .
rather difficult thing to fix .
and what brings you here ? a wager for one thing , and a wish to see the vampyre for another .
this was too big a thing for her to understand and she found it difficult to believe anyway ; there would be vikings until the day of ragnarok when gods and giants and men would all go down in battle and blaze , she was sure of it .
the last thing she wanted was to touch this man , who might take the gesture out of context , or might as easily turn on her , but the thing she dreaded more , was anyone else being killed around or because of her .
ill get a drink into you , well play some cards and there wo nt be another thing you have to worry about after tonight .
i opened his flies and sucked his thing that night , just to keep him hard .
do nt worry about a thing , mandy cross .
i looked down at a silent mary - christine , expecting to have to explain the whole thing , but she had a serious look on her face .
next thing i knew , alan pulled my face into his shoulder .
oh - and of course he had an air - tight explanation for the whole thing .
but one thing niggled at my subconscious .
just now he was quite upset by a little thing which i did not much heed , though i am myself very fond of animals .
amongst other things , he clutched the wreath of flowers that dr . van helsing insisted on my wearing round my neck , and tore it away from me .
again i felt that horrid sense of the reality of things , in which any effort of imagination seemed out of place , and i realized distinctly the perils of the law which we were incurring in our unhallowed work .
then there are things which so afflict her that she has no power , as the garlic that we know of , and as for things sacred , as this symbol , my crucifix , that was amongst us even now when we resolve , to them she is nothing , but in their presence she take her place far off and silent with respect .
we made an accurate examination of the place , the professor saying as we began , ' the first thing is to see how many of the boxes are left , we must then examine every hole and corner and cranny and see if we can not get some clue as to what has become of the rest . '
when the question began to be discussed as to what should be our next step , the very first thing we decided was that minas should be in full confidence .
one thing i know , that if my instinct be true regarding poor harker 's silences , then there is a terrible difficulty , an unknown danger , in the work before us .
shed been stuck in the same bad marriage for going on twenty - three years and felt trapped : too young to hang em up , too old to start over , too reliant on the familiar to change a thing .
you changed the whole thing , tom !
no , you do nt have to worry about a thing .
you re the most important thing to hereven more than sean .
but there is one thing that i need to call to the reader 's attention .
one final thing : you ' ve recently built a new mausoleum on the property , and its to my understanding that no one , living or dead , should be in there .
and of all things , the area that no one would touch was the woman 's hand .
the only thing detective tom morehausen has to go on is a delirious witness who swears a dead baby was coming back to life .
` ` it 's a good thing your granddaughter leaves her toys lying around , otherwise you 'd have had another death to deal with . ''
he s obviously a parent a parent who s not going to let a little thing like a car accident keep him from killing his kid .
i had a job , my brother and good friends , but one thing entered my mind , one burning question .
the last thing he ever wanted was to cause his family more pain .
he almost wanted to get stuck ; at least being wedged in a hole would give him an excuse to forget the whole thing and go back to the hospital .
i kept one thing in mind .
bert had left that sort of thing to beccalynn .
so the traveller asked no more of far things , but bided her time till she might talk with those strange women from cold and twilight inquanok who are the seed of such gods as carved their features on ngranek .
not hard to find is that roseal fever of the gods , that fanfare of supernal trumpets and clash of immortal cymbals , that mystery whose place and meaning have haunted you through the halls of waking and the gulfs of dreaming , and tormented you with hints of vanished memory and the pain of lost things awesome and momentous .
once inside my apartment i sit down on the little green couch wishing josh were with me to talk things over .
this is not some romantic i just had to see you again kind of thing , it is ... well , i guess you would call it business .
though the profile was touchingi note with pride you used my suggested colorthe whole thing feels pedestrian .
one thing i should warn youin this job , do nt expect much support from laurence , he said .
then that is another thing you should work on julie says as she fills out a short list and hands it to me .
one last thing yes ?
dr . riley has always been kind and understandingbut this whole other versions thing could be a bit too much , even for an experienced therapist .
one more thing , justine says as she catches emma before she opens the door .
one thing before i put you under alexis asks .
why not spice things up a little ?
vampires and monsters really are n't my thing , unless they 're in a video game and i can shoot at them or blow them up .
i ca n't understand their insistence that i have a big meal , but what to have for dinner is the last thing on my mind .
what difference would it make anyway , other than just give me one more thing to worry about ?
as a matter of fact i only thought about one thing last night , and it occupied my mind until i fell asleep .
how altered every thing might be during that time !
i ' m not sure what 's happening , but one thing is certain .
my prof has this fustupid idea that art is this spontaneous thing you ca nt control .
the next thing i knew , i was watching her come from around the counter , to approach the entrance .
for once there was not a single thing on her mind .
of course , mechanics were one thing , the real test would be whether or not this thing could preserve the computers ' original programming -- an added bonus , but dwayne was n't holding his breath for * that * insane a miracle .
the next thing on my list was finding a change of clothes .
driving a real vehicle might truly become a thing of the past , and there were no laws anymore to say he could n't .
that earned us a few more days , and i managed to keep joss oblivious to the whole thing .
you know all about that sort of thing .
this was a hard thing to discuss with an employee .
you re not supposed to take this kind of thing personally , his sister advised .
for one thing , i do nt know any more than you do .
bill was pretty grateful to schwartzie for not making a big thing of it .
they were hungry and they were going to fill their bellies and that was the only thing that had any importance at all to them .
to a girl her age , the most important thing in the whole world was boys .
the symbolism was the important thing .
the important thing was to rinse off carefully .
he knew that the most important thing , the most important tool right now , was his own head .
once again , he contemplated keeping a journal of the effects of his concentrated focusing , but then he started remembering the total depression that always came with journaling and felt it better to leave that sort of thing to those who enjoyed their depressions .
well , for one thing , gil replied , lord stansbury found what some others might call a very large pond and named it stansbury lake .
the election was a thing of the past and yet no one would talk to him about anything else - especially sheriff tom - which is why he was often found driving 80 miles per hour rather than sitting at charlies grill drinking a cup of coffee and doing the sudoku .
he mother was sure that aliens would land in vermont someday because , all things considered , vermont was the best place on earth and there were nt so many people around or walmarts .
she never liked maps that extended beyond a region because they gave her too many things to think about , too many places she might want to visit all at once .
as he made his way across the street in front of his dorm building , his book bag slung over his left shoulder , he began to wonder that very thing again .
but one thing was for sure , if they thought that he was going to be down here fishing stiffs from the muck , they had another thing coming .
but one thing was for sure , an acrid and sulfurous stink had blown through the town for hours afterward .
shed get worked up about any old thing .
what had come into her house that night , a dripping and faceless thing freshly exhumed from a watery grave at hillside cemetery , had been quite merciful , all things considered .
but one thing was for sure , he was more than her brother : he was also her best friend .
one more thing , amaya , he remembered .
the last thing he wanted was to traumatize sophie any more than she had already been .
they go out of their way for that sort of thing .
for one thing , we just do nt have the time .
but lets be clear on one thing before we do this .
marguerite spent the rest of her day out by herself , since her father had chosen to work from home rather than drive in to lisbon on a saturday , and the last thing she wanted to do was apologize for the most recent most terrible things she 'd ever said to him .
but let 's do one thing before you start slicing and dicing . ''
the asparagus and the other thing .
that was a good way to clue me in that we had n't been talking about the same thing .
one thing she did know , it was within this room that lecynic had enforced his horrors on them , and that whatever he had done , it had damned them for eternity , forcing them to live lusting for life and lusting for vengeance , cravings which could never be satiated .
the next thing he knew , solo ki and bri lynn were standing above him .
it is really arduous thing a great deal to explain without being misunderstood what means to become spirit .
but is this an absurdity , thing you can ever know of it of me ? ''
` ` thing you must ever tell me of so terrible for you ?
they were the powerful persons , they commanded really thanks to the fact to succeed in checking every thing .
for before thing i want to give the word to our fellow citizens that are stain of a free violence to my senseless opinion .
possible that her , that would have been able to decide every thing of that surreal adventure , that would be due to be a paradisiacal trip and that you / he / she was turned then into the peggior nightmare , could not you / he / she do anything ?
the wise man , has spoken instead to me of all other thing .
it waits , a last thing .
` ` it waits for helen , i must ask you an important thing .
every thing was vain .
the thing that frightened him / it more to lines witnessed his total acceptance its condition .
not do worry you , has been a thing that has concerned me and you only , and it wo n't have in the future absolutely trailing .
it had quite a lot a little deep but enough wide cuts on both the braccias and the legs but the thing that he / she left him / it dumbfounded it was the to realize to have a lance pierced in the abdomen .
` ` dull animal , you can not enjoy anymore in my bed , and i warn you that if only you will propose me a thing of the kind i will tear you both the eyes and i will do you them to eat .
i would never allow me a thing of the kind , would be worse whether to rape her / it ! ''
the only thing that mattered now was restoring the room to its natural white .
he must find a way to frame that woman , but the only thing he could think about was the sun ; it had already risen from a few minutes and was already heating as if it were full day .
next thing i knew , her blouse was flying across the room .
reasonable investigation was one thing , but come the end of the day what had i found ?
the important thing , the only important thing was that mum was alright .
and to teach muttonbird her place in the order of things so that she would never , ever forget .
screws were nt such a big thing back in the day .
but to answer her , would owe first to intend us on thing it means artifice .
you see to thing they serve the humanists ?
but then thing .
he did nt mean to fall asleep , but the next thing he knew he was waking up on a cold pillow that was wet with his sweat and drool .
but you see , that s the kind of thing we want to go over on our show .
next thing you know they re going to be installing cameras in here so they can watch us .
one other thing , said stephen before alma and paul walked off to where pauls motorcycle was parked .
then she focused on the only thing that could quiet her fearful mind .
i ' m not into that sort of thing '' she said calmly , obviously thinking that he was just playing around .
he said it like it was the only thing they d been talking about for the last eleven months .
what is the most important thing in the kitchen ?
captain said , lets talk about another thing or other .
its the most important thing in the kitchen .
its difficult to discover the truth about a thing when only a handful of men can discuss it .
this little thing .
daniel was safe right then , which was the most important thing .
he saw it was already twenty minutes past six and said , alright , we ca n't wait any longer , let 's get his thing rolling .
if i had my whole life to do over i would n't change a fucking thing .
do n't worry about a thing , his boss said , and rolled the chair around a large briefcase someone had carelessly left on the floor , before steering him back toward the window again .
but , there 's one thing i might have forgot to mention about my buddy .
the man 's bloody and greasy filthy hair was the only thing that appeared even marginally normal .
oh , there is one more thing .
he got as far as the back door again before he heard , oh , there is one more thing .
his exhaustion was a thing of the past as his feet seemed to grow wings .
with his bait now loaded , the odds were beginning to turn in his favour , next thing was to lure the cerberus into location .
ivana heard the superficial words emanating from of president banes mouth but the only thing she could now think of was her revenge .
oh and one more thing ivana , say in a few months time when this situation has all but been resolved , why do nt you pop up and see me for a while just so we can get to know each other a little better eh , after all both of us will be due some much needed rest and relaxation , perhaps ill take you up to my secluded woodland cabin for a quiet weekend , just the two of us ?
oh and one more thing director spiker , get yourself down to the police station in time for their extraction , i would like you to accompany them on the journey .
i do nt know charles , are you sure you have thought this whole thing through correctly .
the first thing he thought of was how much he was going to relish leaving the old witch in london to confront the impending horrors that he and charles frederick were about to unleash on the metropolis , and secondly , he had to think up some excuse as to why he and the prime minister would not be accompanying them into the official stansted greeting area .
there is one other thing i must tell you commander , something that you must be made aware of before we set out on our conjoined quest .
the only thing that s important now is the truth , and the truth is mom lost that job .
there would be hell to pay if one of the workers saw it or the ashes ( they could be real pricks here about certain things ) , but he did nt care .
sure and -- the eyes were the first thing that struck me , the first thing i recognized as human .
rysters crime hung around me like a hangmans noose , and knowing how i d left things , i half figured him to be patrolling the area , looking for another motherfucker he could stuff in one of his chests .
in retrospect , it was a good thing he cut the head off or i d ve eaten that too .
hell of a thing , ai nt it ?
because this was his biggest thing , the most important .
and this was his most important thing .
as sautin had said , this was the most important thing .
that was a big thing : i did nt want the kid involved .
there was only one more thing to take care of , and for me , slipping into an empty house was no trouble at all .
she took the whole thing in silence , and when i finished i stood up and left the room , closing the door tightly behind me .
there was still the disposal to worry with but that should nt concern him ; the only thing he needed to do was handle the secretary .
but the only thing that concerns me at this moment is getting you out of town and on a plane back to your family .
live ta be a goddamn hundred and nine and it would nt change a thing !
i can no more hide the anxiety behind my eyes than pluck them out and be done with the whole thing .
people have a need to place blame when things go wrong ; perhaps even a right .
shed come down here to talk to him about one thing , and one thing only .
that had only served to remind her of one more thing she did nt want to think about .
one last thing you have to worry about , he said .
the important thing for you to focus on right now is getting your wolf under control .
exactly that kind of thing .
diane was the only thing on my mind that morning ; i just wanted to hold her in my arms , or , at the very least , to hear her voice .
the only thing that lay ahead of us now was a long country road with nothing on it , which seemed a little strange all things considered .
as she scanned the area , there was one thing of note that lay in the lenses .
there was quite a bit of back and forth about the whole thing , as thom felt that isabel should stay in the apartment for her own safety , and isabel wanted to leave .
clive seemed overly distraught about the whole thing ; i thought i even saw him do the sign of the holy trinity over himself after frank gave up .
then the divorce came and that ate up a lot of his time , which meant he had to juggle work , finding a cheap place to live , meeting with his lawyer , court , and all the other things that came with divorce proceedings .
seems like such a small thing to have worried about now .
it was the first thing he d been able to focus on in a long time , with attentions pulled every which way by the worries and stresses of his life , that forever wore upon his nerves and patience .
occasionally it 'd be spam that filtered through the dam set up by the people in charge of such things , sent by malicious entities that somehow had access to our private , segregated internal email addresses .
i wanted to slap all of the fuss from my head and concentrate on the important things , like what was this thing and how would i kill it before it killed us ?
i ' m not really in charge of that sort of thing right now .
there 's no adequate , in - built response for this sort of thing .
something on the backside of the paddle became the most interesting thing in the world and the corridor reeked with my own sweaty fear .
real enough to bang , i guess , if you 're into that sort - of thing , but still ... intensely weird items .
the evaluation is a standard thing .
and , he thought , it was the last thing he should be thinking about right now .
you are correct about one thing , alana .
the last thing he wanted was to realize his new - found power did have a limit , and to find it before he was able to defeat the source .
next thing we know , its like mogadishu in downtown seattle .
another thing that was real was the amount of money that mike had invested in the grand so far , that was very real and such a substantial amount that he was not going to let any accident or supernatural phenomenon run him off .
as we helped pack her things to move , i watched her carefully place her blood - stained anniversary dress in her keepsake trunk .
i handed him his drink and said , there is one more thing , honey .
` ` things are very messed up in this place .
it 's a tedious endeavor , but the important thing is that i ' m moving forward and away from paradise village .
only i know a few people , not in high places , but well call them above - ground places , a detective sergeant , a few aids in the mayors office , people who can learn things , not people who decide them .
now , one last thing , another dose of the isoflurane .
story ideas came thick and furious , ideas that excited me enough to develop , but that meant i was faced with a choice : spend too much time writing gobs of fan fiction i could never sell or just drop the whole thing .
` ` my sweet girl , aunt mandy is correct about one thing .
even so , a rational person would probably argue that there was little chance she would find anything in the burial vault , and they might have been right , except for one thing : she had already discovered something was there ... .
uh - oh , coming up with an excuse , so not my thing .
getting them to cooperate with silence , that was another thing .
the next thing i know , he leaned over and bit his wife !
first thing was first , saul had to find out what was going on and get help if needed to the area .
fashion , however , is the last thing on your mind at the moment .
the important thing is that we managed to avoid an epidemic .
now , i just have one thing leftonmymind .
oh and ted , one more thing .
i realized the only thing i wanted to know at that moment was her name .
one thing first .
i aim my fist at a rib that gets bruised all the time , he releases a grunt and the next thing i know , both of our fists are flying .
the only thing that mattered was that carol had been given time to escape .
this not a real thing .
the object beneath his sandal was not a thing to be ignored .
it was one thing to know there was nothing out there ( to see nothing , or to hear nothing ) , but to actually give voice to that factualitywell , that would be like letting loose the nightmares from your head .
she need n't worry about a thing .
besides , no one cares about this kind of thing .
he 's got a right to die , like any normal thing , natural and right , do you hear ? ''
` ` damn right the whole thing . ''
too many emotions gathered there , and he had to fight to stay focused on the one thing , the only thing that was important .
too many emotions gathered there , and he had to fight to stay focused on the one thing , the only thing that was important .
and first thing , you halfway jump out of your chair .
some low and some high and some all wobbly or gruff , and two of the ones , women looked like , up top all kinda wailing , and next thing you know all coming together as one sound .
but next thing you know , he s jamming this , like , raft pump into the zombies throat , trying to produce sound .
next fucking thing you know , the kids like crying and shit , sobbing , really , and were all looking at each other like what the fuck and then , then , goddamn if this things now grabbed the kid by his leg and is pulling him down .
whether she was used to it because people stared at her beauty or whether it was some cop thing that she understood a person 's reticence when coming into a police station , i had no idea .
all day sunday my encounter was the only thing on my mind .
five minutes to solve this thing .
if not for her , i would be happy to leave this whole thing up to the police .
it was not lost on me that i could not explain the mist in the first place so , explaining the pocket in the mist was a mystery of frustrating proportions on top of my already full load of things to be frustrated at .
one thing you can think about is this .
i have my place in the scheme of things and can not become the evil that balances out the good .
its flawless , even first thing in the morning .
a girl thing ?
for one thing , you 'll not be flesh and bone any more .
but the first thing we have to concern ourselves with is getting you back to complete health .
but then there was his own erection and ejaculation thing , too .
still , he felt like his mind was betraying him in a lot of things lately , taking him places he was not ready to go .
everything save one thing .
the suits got their panties in a wad over that sort of thing , he bent to the hair .
i gladly pay the price but for one thing he was stopped by the god standing up , getting in colins grill .
another thing i ca nt figure out .
our mothers were twin sisters ; good thing they re gone now , because this would have killed them both .
i sipped my wine , tasted the burgundy , as the notes filtered out like leaves forming a tree , and his music combined with the music of the woods - the trickle of nearby water , the clicks and clacks of trees and branches , the rustle of tiny things on the floor beside me .
have you thought about this sort of thing often ?
you gettin on , sweet thing ?
not that its any of my business , but i think trying to hide that kind of thing from your folks is nt good for you .
oh , and one more thing , micah said as everyone moved slowly to the right .
were engaged , and no , its not a for real kind of thing , its just a business arrangement , and i did nt know he was a ... and then there was this blonde bitch , she s the ... vampire.it still felt weird saying the words vampire and werewolf out loud turns out she s the one he should be engaged to , but since they re different species , their families would nt take it too well .
lucy was still confused about one thing .
jamie smirked , making light of the whole thing as he began pacing around , but his voice failed to hide a guarded nervousness .
a source for bar room gossip and snapped photos , things were quickly hushed up , buried as fast as the stinking freak itself beneath a ton of rotting sea weed .
laceysweetheart , one last thing .
` ` another thing you probably should have taken care of before now , '' said mrs . o'malley to her husband without looking up .
` ` not a thing , '' said mr . o'malley .
he had taken care of several minor things for sofia including a brief , wet trip into town for necessary vegetables and fixed a stuck wardrobe door for theresa donavan .
sofia did n't care for that sort of thing generally , but she had to admit that the history of the house held more interest for her than the usual things mrs . richards might go on about .
sofia did n't care for that sort of thing generally , but she had to admit that the history of the house held more interest for her than the usual things mrs . richards might go on about .
` ` they have strange rules about that sort of thing , you know .
it was amazing the anger that rose from not being a part of those mundane things anymore .
it was not my place to mention such a thing to him , however .
that was the only thing maye skipped .
the important thing is that i was in the concentration camp we call school when it happened .
and to make things worse , i saw a couple making out under a tree .
my mom gave me a stern look she never really liked me sitting on the coffee table , but i paid no attention to her we had more important things going on .
promise me one thing , she said , if you see that things get too much to handle , do nt be a hero .
i did not know what to expect , but one thing was certain i was not about to allow myself to be torn to bits by the living dead .
the only thing that mattered was finding michelle .
getting to mike was the single most important thing he had to do .
first thing you should know is thathahahaha , who the hell am i kidding ?
answering would activate the bluetooth in his car , and the last thing mike needed to know was that chris was after the first girl he d really had a relationship with since nicole .
it was , of course , very frightening and great fun but one thing does bother me the old man looked puzzled .
i was so frustrated that i ended up just dumping the whole thing into the garbage disposal .
things would be worse if he did , because if there was one thing patrick shea reveled in , it was someone elses tears .
there s one more thing , angelo .
both times had been brief visits , but in each instance angelo had noticed one thing in particular : a black metal cash box on a table beside the dresser .
one thing was certain , angelo was in the falling stage , and that was a dangerous place to be .
now those former carefree concerns worried about things like starving to death , getting shot during a training exercise , being irreparably maimed in hand to hand combat , or freezing to death in the dense forests .
the one thing i did enjoy was watching my husbands rarely seen whimsical passion come about during the solstice , when he would spend night and day fashioning the gifts he would bring to the children of the world in one magical night .
one more thing , we will cease conversing in italian , and begin lessons in english .
i felt the shackles suddenly leave me , but to my surprise , run seemed to be the last thing on my mind .
not the whole thing , that d be gross .
as sister oana contemplated these things , madalina sat on the grass beneath the plum tree in the sisters garden with the other novices .
this rather dismal thought was almost enough to make her want to give up the whole thing .
the curved arrowheads do more damage to the flesh when they penetrates the skin , vasile explained , the most important thing is to get vampires to bleed .
but the important thing was what i did with that guard that betrayed luce .
one more thing before you go , andrei added , and he turned to ileana and said , vasiles hoard .
i m not quite sure what happened , but the next thing i knew his lips were pressed up against mine and his tongue rolling around in my mouth .
next thing i know are eyes meet and this girl jumped plum almost ten feet off the ground like she had seen a ghost or something .
hey , do nt you worry about a thing .
it was a girl thing .
ron took off his shirt and had only one thing on his mind .
she loved everything about him , but there was one thing that she was nt quite sure about , which was whether or not she actually loved him .
heres the thing , imy whole life is about arranging things in the right waybeforehand .
the whole thing fell on him .
supposedly , the people involved made a pact to never discuss it again , but things like that do nt stay hidden long in a small , isolated place like this .
the only thing that mattered to him now was that this podunk redneck asshole would be forced to eat every damn word he had said .
for some background noise and next thing i know i was waking up to the afternoon news .
next thing you know he was asking me to drive him to fresno to pick up his friend zeke .
what mr . jones did is one thing that he specifically mentioned .
next thing i know it was lunging at my brothers neck !
the only thing that confused him was that he d just broken several of the rules in succession , and yet it had seemed like the right thing to do .
it was such a small thing but she had nt brushed her teeth except with her own fingers for years , or put on deodorant , or shampooed her hair .
they were already moving away , on to the next thing .
one thing was for certain , alive or dead it was certainly not human .
she was quite sure that was one thing she and nick could agree on .
only thing was , nowadays kids rebelled and were into things a lot more heavy than he had been into .
she had a feeling that the only thing that mattered from their past was how it could keep them alive today .
but one thing was sure : if cayden did nt stop , he was either going to kill himself or be responsible for the groups demise .
what do you say to four thousand , even , for the whole thing ?
the main thing .
for a moment it seemed the most important thing in the world to get those things out of his mouth and then suddenly , it no longer mattered .
it was the only significant thing that changed in his mind .
your mother was so close to finishing this damn thing .
caroline only lives twenty minutes from the university and i think she s being damn generous about the whole thing , said joe with a deepening , more serious tone of voice .
another thing we were nt sure of is how many times the puzzle can be used .
if you ll take care of those things for me , ill run downstairs and start a pot of coffee .
and you can bet your sweet ass that the first thing on your agenda this weekend , will be to buy me a new magnifying lens .
the next thing i knew i jumped from the cab of ljs truck , yanked his deer rifle from his gun rack and drove a round into the chamber .
the next thing i knew , the fingers were contracting and pulling my body with them .
not just a piece of the pie , she wants the whole damn thing .
i do nt want you to die thinking this was a personal thing .
i remembered seeing his headlights coming straight at me and then the next thing i knew , i was in the trauma room of a hospital .
next thing we know , the reporter was here .
i know , i said , wincing because the whole thing still hurt .
` ` now that we know a little about you , and the conditions you insist , i ' m sure you 'll give us a while to mull this thing over .
it 's a thing of trust , right ?
the only thing he 'd have to take care of tomorrow was recharging the magnetos since he 'd noticed when he 'd taken her up yesterday that the instrument panel displays were a bit dim .
he 'd known that morning , drinking his first cup of coffee , that he 'd be in for the running , but he always regretted when things spun out of control .
but for some mysterious reason , some weird stroke of the universe , frederick paol had been the only thing on his mind .
one thing was certain though : it was not the tagging party of drug - runners out there in the darkness .
not one fucking thing .
one goddamn thing at a time , he said , popping the latch and getting out of the car .
she s my fucking mother and ill see her when i wish and you do nt have a goddamn thing to do with it .
lets get one thing straight right now , mr . franklin .
one thing was sure enough though , inaction led to a swift death .
only one thing mattered : the rotten body of his drug - dealing connection was slowly entering the water .
he knew samuel was still missing , and that was really the thing that had served to fuck everything else up .
for frank and me , pissing on the zombs was kind of a dominance thing and we were cool with it .
your relationship with your wife will be the most important thing in your life and so it will never be easy .
one thing was certain , however .
one more thing , she called after me .
one thing was certain , though ; helen told me she had known my mother .
one thing i can say for you , jodie , seline said as she bent over the paste - up board to edit stories , is that you do nt get bent out of shape over things like maureen does .
that is one thing i could nt figure .
i was curious about one thing in particular , ms . scully , gracie said .
` ` oh , one more thing , mrs . grandy .
the university , pressured on all sides now , reluctantly withdrew its objections and the whole thing slid into the past , relegating itself to an unsavory aspect of the adventures of large - scale construction .
regardless , get it cleaned up and were gon na forget the whole damn thing .
how about one more little thing before you go , he said .
by the time she stepped out of the shower she was on the verge of calling the whole thing off .
just gone tearing out of that house like some certifiable maniac to fall somewhere in the arms of control , somewhere where he d never have to decide another thing for himself again .
really , such a small thing .
but her pain was a small thing compared to the apocalypse she intended to bring .
he should turn around right now , go out to the truck , and call in the whole damn thing .
that had been the key in the dream , the key from the pure fact that it d been the only thing hidden from him .
tomas let his car go into a coast ( he did nt want his own taillights flashing , oftentimes it was the little things that eventually got you clipped ) and marked the other car by the foliage on the right side of the road .
but one thing stood out .
somehow this was all part of the same thing : the girls , the photo , everything weird that had happened since she came here .
no big deal except for one thing .
this was not simply a thing , a decision , of his choice .
perhaps as a way to set things to rights because in her heart she knew there was no such thing as turning back the clock .
the only thing clear in her mind was the vision .
that was the main thing on his mind right now .
it was just one more thing now in a long line of things that really did nt matter .
he had produced dirty movies and even though it was not a thing norma could suffer quietly , the money had been plentiful enough to point her head the other direction .
she had no idea what but the voice inside the car had laughed and told her to take care , that that was the most important thing of all .
for all things now and the terrible lost things shed never realize again , only pine after them until her dying day .
perhaps it would be a good idea to bring in some heavies but the other thing in his mind , the only thing that mattered now , was the voice telling him to go , to go now because it was almost too late .
perhaps it would be a good idea to bring in some heavies but the other thing in his mind , the only thing that mattered now , was the voice telling him to go , to go now because it was almost too late .
this last piece of arrogance was too much for trudy , who moments before would have forgotten the whole thing , snapped : ` ` why you ignorant piece of shit .
she , on realising this to some extent , also began to giggle at how mad she 'd become over such a silly little thing and soon found she could not contain herself as the two burst out into uncontrollable laughter .
they had practice or whatever , and i let my guard down or got too cocky , but next thing i knew my vision was swimming and my chest hurt .
` ` at first minor things , but the last thing i convinced him to doi said ' those guys in gangs are so attractive .
one thing was for sure though .
i also started doing the same , the lights of all the rooms ' were now lighting as if there is some function , i quickly got in to the room and closed the door , we looked at each other for a while and then laughed , as if we had not from many years , we were really enjoying ourselves and were living some of the best seconds of our life , we were not having any worry about our future as what the result would be when everyone will come to know about our deed 's , but one thing that happened the best was that the roaring was now not coming , it took some more seconds for us to get calm and control ourselves , that night we slept very well , it was really the first time when i had done such a mischief , otherwise at my home i always remain sincere in front of my father , he was the only person who can keep me in control , .. but we forgot one thing that we were in a school of agents , detection and spies ' so how we could escape from such a principal who has got retired from his post of senior agent of a very secret department , no one knew where he worked before his appointment as the principal of this college , but at that time we were stress free in the celebration of being rescued from the sneezing of such a person .
the old man was really far away from his appearance , he was old in terms of age , but not in terms of spirit and now the most important thing of this year , especially for the first year that , they will be going on an expedition , an experience which will take them far beyond their imagination , you all will be thinking that what 's new in this , it happens every year , but this time it will be different , completely different , the things will be more cleared to you later on , but one thing that has to be cleared now is that this time not all the students will be going but only a few chosen not by us , but by yourself ` ` as he said it there was gossiping all around the hall which was clearly stating that it was something strange .
` ` we will not have to hear those loud snores today in the night '' he said and burst into laughing , we also joined him it was the way in which he make us happy even in the harsh conditions , '' what about my books i am not having a single one '' goku said to divert our mind towards another thing , '' so we should take it today '' farhan said '' , '' we do n't know the right place , so how we could be able to do it ? .
` ` leave that thing aside , sir that is not a rule , if we will be catched , '' farhan exclaimed .
` ` yes it should be , but do n't forget one thing we are not going there legally , we will not be getting any certificate for that so it means that we are as usual now also '' said i though i was not at all in a mood to say this but it was true .
` ` he is not from among those who ran away when the fellows came to put them in the jail he is intelligent , he will be with you but you will not be knowing this , he works alone and not in a team like others as far as we are aware and it is the same as that satyendra bose , he also work out on his plans alone and here keep one thing in your mind that your fight is not only with steel there are a no of things which you will be dealing with so make your mind ready with that only '' .
` ` he is not from among those who ran away when the fellows came to put them in the jail he is intelligent , he will be with you but you will not be knowing this , he works alone and not in a team like others as far as we are aware and it is the same as that satyendra bose , he also work out on his plans alone and here keep one thing in your mind that your fight is not only with steel there are a no of things which you will be dealing with so make your mind ready with that only '' .
` ` you will move with the group of your rest of the friends only as their caretaker with artificial beards , moustaches , wigs ' and some more of these type of things , it will be really enjoyable , and now an important thing , '' we make ourselves more alert so that his each and every word fit 's in our mind , if we would have given so much attention in our classes then we would have been far apart from the rest .
one last thing : this is the second title for the book .
is this going to be a nightly thing ?
he said you must pick up the sword and use it , but the most important thing is that you know when to lay it down .
they ate mainly out of the freezer during the week and they both liked to get things ready for the other 's arrival , that usually entailed opening a bottle of wine , preparing some bread and salad , and putting something in the microwave .
a small thing to lose your life over .
walther watched her helplessly as she wandered from room to room , she tidied things and put laundry in the machine , she made coffee and sandwiches , but she refused to speak about the shooting or her husband .
thank you , but there is one more thing sir clive , apparently they hardly speak any english .
one thing alarmed him in her account .
lorz finally retreated out of the whole thing .
since his association with theo , he realized , his intestines had been at peace , the cycle was a thing of the past .
one thing was certain : he would return to the flat for supplies .
frustrated , she began raising objections more explicitly but without daring to get to the heart of the thing .
right now , the most important thing is getting lorie and jon sent down to georgia .
transforming into a beast was one thing when they lived at home .
the last thing he wanted was to get gilchrist in trouble with his parents - particularly his mother margaret .
oh well , the important thing is that we know now do nt we .
think about a man who dies and people forget him a little at a time until all that anyone remembers about him is some trivial thing like his love for chopped olive sandwiches .
maybe its not an intellectual thing .
one more thing , mr . kennedy .
but , goddammit , the first thing on my mind was getting some fucking clothes .
a little hitch in their step here or there , a wavering foot in the middle of a turn , hell , it was these little things that made me okay with walking around in the first place .
i caught myself wondering why they did nt just rip my arms and legs off and be done with the whole thing but i did nt know they still had plans for me .
i had nt been a church - rat when i was coming up and ever since the change i had nt lost any sleep over any such thing , but right then it was front and center in my mind .
one thing which i began to suspect , and which i now fear i know , is that my uncle 's death was far from natural .
but there is one thing on which you may advise me .
with jekyll , it was a thing of vital instinct .
clarke , in the deep folds of dream , was conscious that the path from his father 's house had led him into an undiscovered country , and he was wondering at the strangeness of it all , when suddenly , in place of the hum and murmur of the summer , an infinite silence seemed to fall on all things , and the wood was hushed , and for a moment in time he stood face to face there with a presence , that was neither man nor beast , neither the living nor the dead , but all things mingled , the form of all things but devoid of all form .
` ` he does n't , dear carmilla , it is the very furthest thing from his mind . ''
but i shall do my best ; and one thing is certain , that you must not think of leaving us without her distinct direction to that effect .
one thing at a time there , child .
i know you do nt remember your human family but that s not the important thing now .
the important thing is famines whereabouts .
the only potential hurdle was the whole late model thing -- big red and my trailer certainly are n't new , but what a freight broker ca n't see over the phone ca n't hurt him !
one thing was obvious ; there was something more than twenty loads of blocked ice in that building at the end of the gravel road .
he is the only thing that i ' m concerned with ! ''
one less thing for them to worry about ! ''
i did n't mean to -- she was obviously pissed , but something about the whole thing just struck me as funny .
of course , joe and kate staggered through most of the questions , unable to provide any information because they d ignored the whole thing .
later , when nicholas got home , alice decided , they would both have a good , long laugh about the whole thing .
never any free advice and that sort of thing .
the car went off the bridge , and next thing i knew , i was in the water .
there is one thing you should know up front , and that is that i did not meet with nicholas last friday .
listen to one last thing , please , gus said and stepped closer .
there is one very important thing i must tell you .
another thing , try to get him to bathe .
yes , we were close just then and you know , whether or not there was anything in what nicholas said about coming back from the dead , one thing was certain .
and one other thing , mother dear , he went on as he looked at lydia .
as the room filled with darkness , she still sat staring steadily straight across the room , her mind on one thing only : nicky .
josey did n't want to talk to a drunk first thing in the morning or really any other time of the day for that matter .
it was a small thing , but both officers noticed it .
let 's think this thing through .
the only thing that slightly concerned him was the almost continuous screaming drifting from the trailer park over the last few days .
oh , one last thing chuck , if you choose to live there is no guarantee you wo n't end up in hell anyway so caveat emptor , old buddy .
at least that s one less thing i need to worry about this morning , lopez said as he opened his briefcase and began going over the days itinerary .
we can handle things with just side arms , pepper spray , clubs , and stun guns .
i 'll be as quick as i can , but there s one last thing i have to do .
he was sprawled in the dust and through his confusion he knew one thing for certain .
it 's a good thing we do n't arm the janitors or earl would have shot him .
maybe , if i fill this whole thing up , i can make jessie and his friends ease off , he hoped , sprinting down the staircase .
one thing , more important than all else , was foretold not only in the patterns of intestines and blood , but in the signs left by the siamese twins ' tantric sex .
the only thing on his mind was to get to that gate before the creature tore him to bits .
the last thing he wanted was to end up in a wreck or worse yet , lost and unable to find his way home , or to west virginia .
either he had been busy with other things or he was n't too worried about how the place looked .
the last thing he wanted to do was to hurt or kill innocent people thinking they were vampires .
or maybe he was ill . ` ` doctors , first thing tomorrow , '' he told himself .
the only thing on her mind at that moment was whether or not the ugly snake was near .
the most important thing was certainly mentioned first .
and we 'll see how long this boy stays around when the most important thing in your life is suddenly included in the picture . ''
securing her is the important thing .
the officer asked , ` ` alright , the one thing i ' m curious about : who are you ?
it 's a good thing you told me this now !
that was the only thing important on that day , and the mask she wore to fool everyone , including herself .
one thing was certain : no one would be able to say i was unprepared .
i hoped the whole thing would blow over if i was nt there .
he stood to leave and then sat back down remembering one more thing he wanted to talk about .
making sure all of my things were out and ready to go was the only thing i could think of besides watching tv or going for another walk .
i d never thought of such a thing before .
i could also feel that he was reconsidering the whole thing and thinking about running back to wherever he had come from .
that was one more thing for which i did nt have the energy .
there is one other thing i wanted to talk with you about .
but what was the other thing ?
oh , one other thing , if the need arises , shoot to kill .
there was one thing for sure , they would nt be playing yahtzee until much , much later .
there was only one thing on the agenda for the day , one thing that needed to be done .
we make a sport of that sort of thing .
um , one more thing .
jason for one was nt sure , except about one thing , he did nt want to find another megamart , or the local equivalent .
jane thought it was a bit too sweet for semi - dry , but she was sometimes wrong about these things .
for one thing , he suddenly felt hungryprobably because his stomach was now empty for the first time in who knew how longand for another , he was bursting to see how far the zombie infestation had gone .
that was an important thing to discuss at some point .
in the world that had dawned this morning , this was the kind of thing that needed to be seenby everyone , young kids included .
it was a good thing he had a lot of bulk in his back to cushion the fall , otherwise he could have been injured .
about the restaurant thing ?
for one thing , we have to know what were gon na do if we get separated , like we almost did back there in the field .
jane was still rummaging behind the counter , but she could nt find the last thing that was on her mind .
though lorie had said nothing , she hoped that evan interpreted the whole thing as an overreaction on account of janes understandably frazzled nerves .
shooting not your thing anymore ?
` ` i ca n't be sure , but one thing is definite , if queen ameda has your boyfriend , it is going to be near to impossible for you to get him back , meep replied in an ominous voice .
being a zombie was the main thing , that and beating him at foosball .
dick was right about one thing , she was famished .
one more thing to worry about . ''
` ` one more thing , '' nick said quickly .
this thing get to her .
so you study human epidemics , that sort of thing ?
i had no idea if her scent could be detected by the zombies , but the wind was blowing from the direction of the house , so things still looked good for our little operation at this point .
the most important thing , and i ca nt stress this point enough , is to not contact her with your hands , and do not let her scratch or bite you , he said .
things will likely only get worse as this thing goes along .
why did that seem like such a big thing to me ?
one minute i was watching a babys paternity test results being announced on a talk show and the next thing i knew some infomercial guy was overly excited about car wax .
it was one thing to have him reading my dads thoughts ; it was something else to have him inside my head .
i do nt have much to compare him to , i replied , hoping to downplay the whole thing before the whole school overheard .
it was a good thing that they really could n't afford to turn on the heat because things would probably melt down there if they did so .
` ` what about the drink thing ?
it was a good thing he did n't carry it in the bag but it did explain the q - tips .
he could use another lighter but there was another thing to consider as he undid his belt and made a tourniquet around his left arm .
but the next thing he knew it was all black .
this confused josh and he sneered at him for even thinking about such a thing .
` ` monica , i do n't remember everything from my dear dead youth , but one thing i do remember is that wet dreams are not always pleasant in fact , they can be downright unpleasant . ''
then there 's the sex thing .
for just a moment the bum felt a chill of apprehension , an urge to just turn away and forget the whole thing .
he was frightened of the way he had almost bungled the last one ... but when he remembered the way he had handled things at the last moment , pride rose in his heart .
in the end the wino had never made it out the door , and that was the important thing .
he thought he would clean his rifle and just sort of think the whole thing over .
it 's not what one could call the easiest thing in the world to talk about .
` ` except for one little thing , '' anne said .
one thing for sure , i decided , it would be the quietest damn house on the block .
` ` frank would laugh at the whole thing . ''
this is no little thing . ''
for one hideously forgetful instant i 'd been about to suggest she go to her mother 's until this thing was settled .
` ` it could be nothing at all , '' i said , ` ` but we might as well try to get this thing settled . ''
there was only one thing on her mind .
` ` just one thing , '' bill - e says stiffly .
i shrug like it 's no big thing , but the compliment tickles me .
i raise my head and try ... next thing i know , i ' m in the hole that leads to the cave , tugging at the crate which dervish left there , ripping it to splinters , clambering down into the dark abyss .
if he had nt pushed so much i might have tried harder at sports , but it really was nt my thing .
not because of the ardeur , or any metaphysical thing , but just because you are jason .
its not a conscious thing always .
just do that and we 'll debate the whole flame thing later .
they would ; it was just a thing you knew .
for one thing , she would have given him the number , right ?
there 's gon na be a lot more fires , for one thing .
` ` in the meantime , let 's be clear on one thing .
he thought he would remember those sounds forever , but he had succeeded in getting the damn thing out , and that was the important thing .
but how they looked was n't the main thing .
` ` a bug in the program - a worm - is not a small thing .
` ` one thing i 'd give a lot to know is how so many cell phone transmission towers can still be working when the fucking power 's down . ''
and then , in the tone of one who has washed his hands of the whole thing : ' your friend here will have a set of jumpers in his boot , i reckon . '
' all through those years , the one thing that rollie really wanted was a brand - new car .
for one thing , it would have meant getting more involved with him on a personal level , and , as i said , i thought he was a skunk .
but i like arnie cunningham a great deal , and i know you ' ve been worried about this car thing . '
something came to me , a trace of memory , and without even thinking about it , i stood back and looked at the entire car - not just one thing here and one thing there , but everything .
i was not thinking any one thing specific - i am quite sure of that - except maybe it was as if it knew that i wanted to get inside and pull the release .
one thing was for sure : leigh cabot did n't have ' any rust on her rocker panels .
oh and one other thing - i got a lot of time .
' well , for one thing , the ' 58 plymouth fury was n't anybody 's idea of a classic car , so no one wrote much about it , even in the car retrospective volumes - american car , american classics , cars of the 1950s , things like that .
well ... there was one thing .
if leigh had the interview with the police right , then arnie had n't told a single lie ... but he had edited things to make what had happened in the smoking area sound like your ordinary pushy - pushy .
she was coming out with him tomorrow , that was the important thing .
' stop making such a big thing out of it ! '
he ran because inside christine none of these things mattered - not his mother , father , leigh , dennis , or what he had done to his back that night when everyone was gone , that night after he had taken his almost totally destroyed plymouth from the airport and back to darnell 's , and after the place was empty he had put christine 's transmission in neutral and pushed her , pushed her until she began to roll on her flat tyres , pushed her until she was out the door and he could hear the wind of november keening sharply around the wrecks and the abandonded hulks with their stellated glass and their ruptured gas tanks ; he had pushed her until the sweat ran off him in rivers and his heart thudded like a runaway horse in his chest and his back cried out for mercy ; he bad pushed her , his body pumping as if in some hellish consummation ; he had pushed her , and inside the milometer ran slowly backward , and some fifty feet beyond the door his back began to really throb , and he kept pushing , and then his back began to scream in protest , and he kept pushing , muscling it along on the flat , slashed tyres , his hands going numb , his back screaming , screaming , screaming .
let 's - he groped back behind him , touched christine - her hard , cool , reassuring surface - and things dropped back into place again .
' lebay was nothing but a pure - d sandy - craw sonofabitch , and if i 'd had my way , the legion would n't have had a thing to do with planting him .
' it was just a little thing .
one thing it surely was , and that was big .
' hey , one other thing .
i ' ve got friends in both places , and they know of my interest in certain things that do n't seem to be any way rational .
it was none of his affair ; he was only a pc who wanted to forget the whole thing .
of course he did n't want such a thing on his conscience - not even the possibility of such a thing .
his mother had spent the rest of the day glaring at marty every time she looked in his direction or he in hers ... but she did n't call her brother back and tell him to stay away , and that was the most important thing .
and although uncle al is still pooh - poohing the whole thing , he has brought not one but two handguns concealed under his heavy cpo coat .
romero 's reply , worthy of the hitchcock anecdote related earlier , was to ask the critic if he felt the dc - io engine - mount assembly was a healthy thing for society .
if he intended to cover the whole thing , johnny would have plenty of time to make his call ... if the phone cooperated , that was .
` ` the important thing is ... listen closely ...
this was n't the kind of thing you could discuss rationally , even if there was time , because faith was n't rational .
foolish prayboy trying to make at least some part of it come right as if any part of a thing like this ever could be , as if death were an obscenity that could be scrubbed off life 's wall by a strong arm .
he knew how to take care of his problem , and that was the important thing .
yes , and missing the phone had been a lapse , some thing right in the front of marinville 's mind that it should have picked up easily , but it did n't hold that against itself at that point its main goals had been to get the old fool jugged and replace entragian 's body before it could fall apart completely .
and they were on the right side of the rockfall - that must have seemed like the important thing .
old joe is n't much of a night watchman ; comes on at dark , does n't have the slightest idea anything 's going on in the pit , and does n't think there 's anything strange about gary ripton showing up first thing in the morning .
the important thing is that you came back .
` ` i think the most important thing is that we all tell the same story , just the way that david out - lined it . ''
it was beginning to look as if the trap was going to be ready , and that was the important thing .
i didn , t want to focus on any one thing , you see ; i wanted the whole picture a gestalt , if you will .
it depended on how crazy he was by now , and that wasn , t a thing i could know , so it really didn , t bear thinking about .
i guess i tried to backtrack but then it got dark ... ' he shook his head yet again , ' it 's all mixed up in my mind , but yeah - there were four of us , i guess that 's one thing i ' m sure of me and steve and nat roper and nat 's sister , becky . '
it will always be junior high school and quarter of three , they will always be walking up kansas street together to play basketball in jonesy 's driveway ( pete also has a hoop in his driveway but they like jonesy 's better because his father has posted it low enough so you can dunk ) , talking about the same old things : classes and teachers and which kid got into a fuckin pisser with which kid , or which kid is going to get into a fuckin pisser with which kid , whether or not so - and - so could take so - and - so if they got into a fuckin pisser ( except they never will because so - and - so and so - and - so are tight ) , who did something gross lately ( their favorite so far this year has to do with a seventh - grader named norm parmeleau , now known as macaroni parmeleau , a nickname that will pursue him for years , even into the new century of which these boys speak but do not in their hearts actually believe ; to win a fifty - cent bet , norm parmeleau had one day in the cafeteria firmly plugged both nostrils with macaroni and cheese , then hawked it back like snot and swallowed it ; macaroni parmeleau who , like so many junior - high - school kids , has mistaken notoriety for celebrity ) , who is going out with whom ( if a girl and a guy are observed going home together after school , they are presumed to be probably going out ; if they are observed ban in onto hands or suckin face it is a certainty ) , who is going to win the super bowl ( fuckin patriots , fuckin boston patriots , only they never do , having to root for the patriots is a fuckin pisser ) .
some new thing had been hovering just below the threshold of his consciousness , held down by the vivid memory of meeting duddits .
he did n't know if this was the future , the past , or what was happening right this minute , but he could have it if he wanted it , if he - ' i do n't , ' he said , and pushed the whole thing away .
underhill looked into that pale gaze and at last looked away , ' one other thing , ' kurtz said .
a photograph , an image inside a border , a thing you could hold in your hand , that was one thing .
for one thing , he 'd already been through march fifteenth once , and it seemed monstrously unfair to have to go through it again .
he could remember watching fireworks on memorial day , his hip and upper thigh aching like a bastard ; he could remember eating watermelon on the fourth of july , spitting seeds into the grass and watching carla and her sisters play badminton , his hip and upper leg still aching but not so fiercely ; he could remember henry calling in september - ' just to check in , ' he 'd said - and talking about all sorts of things , including the annual hunting trip to hole in the wall come november .
cruise or curtis or whatever his name is may be a madman , but he 's right about one thing : there is infection .
and jonesy , carried helplessly forward on whatever mission this thing had , took slender comfort from two things .
' my feet 're fre - ' one thing , though , ' henry says , and they all look at him nervously .
for one thing , a jamming technique would be a very good thing to have .
because long before the grayboys knew there was such a place as earth tucked away in this dusty and seldom - visited carrel of the great interstellar library , there had been a little thing called instinct , the specialty of uniform - wearing homo saps such as himself .
one thing you should know - we ' ve had four suicides that i know of there may have been more . '
' one last thing before i dismiss you ! '
yet the only thing that concerned him was jonesy 's hip , the one he 'd broken in the accident .
he cut jonesy 's hand in several places , once deeply , and several cracked panes in the upper half of the window hung over the lower half like a cut - rate guillotine , but he paid no attention to these things .
and then , just when i had all of my ducks in a row , pam called to tell me the whole thing was off .
maybe the only thing that mattered was that i wanted to see her .
it was how pam looked when she had no intention of letting a thing go .
` ` all things considered , duma key has never been a lucky place for daughters . ''
and here 's the most important thing tell him that if he kills himself , you 'll tell everyone , starting with his mother and brother .
things were better for me now , but that was the world i 'd woken up to , one where words clanged senselessly and memories were scattered like lawn furniture after a windstorm .
one thing was certain ; if she had sleep apnea , she would n't die young .
i was prepared to tell him i 'd been outside , looking to see if the storm had done any damage to the house , but my whereabouts at the time of his call were the last thing on wireman 's mind .
but one thing i do n't wonder about is why you want to stay here .
the damned thing was crammed with figures and details as it was .
` ` wireman , there 's one other thing .
and there 's one more thing .
it had been her first thing .
viii the important thing for me was that she was all right .
the important thing for her was that i was .
` ` for one thing , it 's flickering like an old movie , '' wireman said .
i should have thought of that first thing .
` ` i 'll show you , but one thing first . ''
i imagine the last thing on john eastlake 's mind was trying to figure out how his eldest daughter and her husband got the news .
but the most important thing is that perse 's down there .
i did n't like him listing my boyfriends , not one little bit , but he was wrong on one thing .
it was n't really a conscious thing ; just if the violence was n't immediate , i calmed .
if you have to think about a thing like that , doing it usually feels phony .
' the first thing 's the engine , ' curt said .
' no , i suppose the first thing 's the hood - latch .
' what that meeting in the country way really boiled down to was just one thing .
one thing 's for sure , it is n't anybody 's a - bomb as long as it 's sitting out back under a piece of canvas . '' '
mister dillon had likely slept through the whole thing until then , snoring on the linoleum between the sink and the stove , his favorite spot .
all in all , he forgot only one thing .
missed the whole thing ?
that 's another thing about men that gets you , how in almost the blink of a damned eye they can go from being loudmouth galoots who cut each other in the bars over the least little thing ?
for another thing , there was the passenger .
mister d , howling and thrashing and snarling , trying to get away ; the thing lying on him , the pink threads growing out of its top thrashing around like kelp in a wave ; the smell of burning fur ; the stench of salt and cabbage ; the black stuff pouring out of the thing 's dog - bit , furrowed back , running down the wrinkles in its yellow skin like sludge and then pattering on the floor ; my need to kill it , erase it , make it gone from the world : all these things were whirling in my mind ?
one thing i 'd like to know is why you never have a series of good days in which one thing goes wrong .
' when ' , by the kalin twins and tell me about the meeting you had , tell me everything , tell me everything but the one thing that might pop up a red flag in your suspicious cop 's mind ?
certainly i do n't think there was anything premonitory about the similarities between what happens to curtis wilcox in buick 8 and what happened to me in real life ( for one thing , i lived ) .
lou read the manuscript , managed not to laugh too hard at its many howlers , and wrote me eight pages of notes and corrections that could be printed in any writer 's handbook without a blush ( for one thing , trooper southard has been taught to print in large , easy - to - read block letters ) .
the size of his erection was n't the important thing , though .
right now the only important thing is getting him to let you loose .
no , not one thing more .
she should probably count herself lucky that her mouth was no drier than it was , at least so far , and- and maybe that 's one thing i can do something about .
the only thing that would change is that , instead oflying here chained and thirsty , i 'd he lying here chained , thirsty , and with a pair of broken wrists thrown into the bargain .
the only thing of which she was completely sure was that the dog meant nothing ; it was only going to stand out there on the back porch for awhile and then go away when it realized that what had drawn it was out of reach .
probably true , but the insight did n't change the fact that she was n't doing a thing to the shelf with her left hand where it was .
the next thing i knew , you were living off - campus with three littlesorority susies - princesses in a -line jumpers and ship ` ` n '' shore blouses , each undoubtedly owning a set of those underpants with the days of theweek sewn on them .
she looked back at him , a small , compact man with fine beads of sweat standing out on his forehead , a man with as little body hair as the man she would later marry , but without either gerald 's thick glasses or his paunch , and for a moment the fact that this man was her father seemed the least important thing about him .
i 'd forget the whole thing , if i were you .
of course it was more likely that she would tell maddy - if there was anyone in the world to whom she might one day confide such a desperate secret , it would be her big sister ... except for one thing .
she went through the whole thing half a dozen times .
certainly sex had been the only thing on his mind ; jessie believed his usually polite attorney 's pecker would have ripped the fly out of his gabardine slacks if he 'd been any slower getting them off .
one more thing before you start .
the important thing was ... well ...
the important thing is that i have to get the fuck out of here rightaway , she thought , and suddenly she shuddered .
the key was in her pocket , that was the important thing .
that might not he a thing you ever want to know for sure , toots , ruth neary returned gravely .
anyway , the cops and the newspaper reporters had accepted her amnesia - and the rest of her story - at face value , that was the important thing , and why not ?
i remember the starter patting me on the back , and ithink i remember the pop - out , but the next thing i remember is being ona stretcher and asking one of the men putting me into the back of theambulance how badly i was hurt .
i do n't think it 's a sex thing with him ( not yet , anyway ; at a hundred and eight pounds , i still look quite a bit like a plucked chicken hanging in a butcher shop window ) , and that 's fine with me ; if i never go to bed with another man , i will be absolutely delighted .
but the important thing is that no one forgot him , and everyone kept comparing notes .
she began by saying , ` ` the most important thing - maybe the only important thing - is not to do it in a patch of poison ivy .
she began by saying , ` ` the most important thing - maybe the only important thing - is not to do it in a patch of poison ivy .
one more thing , at least .
yes , but what about the special thing ?
did you forget about the special thing ?
she had found a road , that was the important thing .
both are important , he says , but the most important thing is to keep them in the right order .
` ` you ' ve got to have that thumb looked at , first thing . ''
only one thing counted at the moment .
the only thing in the room that was messy was the desk , as if he 'd straightened every edge in every file cabinet , and then left file folders on his desk overnight and they 'd bred into short , unsteady towers of paperwork .
it was a little too heavy - handed on the whole fate thing for my taste .
it 's almost not personal to the woman ; it 's just a guy thing .
the beasts in their hidden place inside me swirled so that i had a moment where things twisted , a hint of the claws to come pawing at my gut .
` ` it 's a guy thing , tilford ; it 's not that they really want to sleep with me , it 's just if one guy is , then why not them ?
maybe it was a guy thing and i 'd never understand that level of stupid , or maybe mine was a girl thing .
then the gun was the only thing touching him .
but by late april it had become obvious even to elmer curtie , who cared very little about such things , that hagarty and mellon had a steady thing going .
a lot of the old - timers do , although that is one thing they wo n't talk about , even if you load them up with booze .
ben 's mamma said that when the country elected hubert humphrey president in 1960 , maybe things would get moving again .
the important thing was that it did blow , an ice - pick of sound drilling into the deep winter cold .
right now the important thing is the medical examiner 's conclusion that this boy was struck repeated blows with some object hard enough to break his bones .
` ` your nose is the first thing to go .
in fact , mr nell looked like maybe chucks were the last thing on his mind .
still , he had once or twice caught himself wondering what color underwear she was wearing under her small selection of rather faded skirts , and that was not the sort of thing you wondered about the other guys , was it ?
she looks out the window , looks down , and thinks that tom 's evil is a small and petty thing compared with the evil waiting for her in derry .
they had done something about it , that seemed to be the important thing .
` ` it got looking nice enough that the white boys started to grumble about it , and next thing you know , the white boys '' nco was looking finer than ever .
` ` there 's one other thing , '' mike said , looking at bill .
for one thing , it proved he was still an adult , and the fact that the girl was clearly braless under her thin western - style shirt was also more relief than turn - on : if proof that this was 1985 and not 1958 was needed , the clearly limned points of her nipples against the cotton of her shirt was it .
the derry branch of freese 's was a poor thing compared with the grand downtown department store in bangor , but richie had been far past caring about such things - by then it was a case of any port in a storm .
the important thing now is to warn beverly .
` ` mr keene , how could a thing of that ... that magnitude ... be covered up ? ''
the thought of henry bowers was the furthest thing from his mind .
the only thing that mattered was the nigger 's kinky head , drawing closer .
one thing for sure : she would never never never set foot into mr nosy - parker keene 's drugstore again in her life .
thinking of exactly how to tell them of patrick hockstetter 's death , the thing she fixes on first is how approaching the town dump from the kansas street side was like entering some weird asteroid belt .
one hand was flogging henry 's thing gently ; with his other hand patrick was rubbing his own .
although patrick was afraid of almost nothing in the commonly understood sense of the word ( it 's hard to be afraid of things that are n't ` ` real ' ) , there was at least one thing that filled him with wretched loathing .
but that 's the kind of thing you only think about after , more often than not .
the last thing i wanted was to have an argument with my wife when i was tired and she was worried .
i shrug , trying to act like it 's no big thing , like i was planning to stop anyway .
` ` my mum and dad were the same , like it was the most important thing in the world . ''
geoffrey did n't , but quite suddenly he did know one thing - who this late - coming visitor was .
it 's my lord ye want to be thinkin '' of now , and not yer own fears my lord ... and if there is even one chance that my lady - ah , but no - it was madness to even think of such a thing .
all your fancy ideas come down to one thing - you want to kill her by remote control , you do n't want her blood on your hands .
` ` good thing there 's guys like me , just to keep things rinsed . ''
' it 's the one thing right now in my life that i wo n't leave alone , because it 's there , and it 's mine . '
this was one thing brian was less than crazy about .
she had asked him nothing at all about himself , but she was curious about one thing , too curious to leave without asking .
not a single solitary thing , mr .
there 's one other thing , though . ''
` ` there is one other thing , however . ''
i remember seeing him grab people on the street and start to hector them on one thing or another - the national debt , how john kennedy was a communist , i do n't know whatall else .
she went to bed that thursday night planning to go over to nettle cobb 's first thing friday morning and take care of things .
as she sipped her coffee ( pete sat across the table , watching her apprehensively from above the sports section of the paper ) , it occurred to her that , if nettle was as cracked as everyone said , she might not have to take care of things at all .
she would do it first thing .
not one solitary thing ! ''
there was a lot more merchandise in needful things on friday ; that was the important thing .
` ` there is one other thing , though . ''
2 danforth keeton 's life as a young man had been a thing of clear blacks and whites , and he had liked that just fine .
he would have to watch that sort of thing ; there was no sense going overboard .
5 gaunt made it disappear as neatly as a magician doing a trick and said : ` ` there is one more thing . ''
the lies she had told alan about kelton , though ... that was quite another thing .
i do n't have a thing to worry about .
she had gotten out before buster saw her , that was the important thing .
there was a battle to be fought here ; that was the important thing .
` ` i do n't know why he answered the phone , '' clut said with barely concealed impatience , ` ` but i do n't think that 's the important thing .
the whole thing was too pretty simple , maybe .
` ` you do n't have a thing to worry about , '' mr . gaunt said .
it was clear to most of those in town who cared about such things that he believed sally farted perfume and shit petunias , and you did n't argue about such things with a man who was put together like lester .
it was clear to most of those in town who cared about such things that he believed sally farted perfume and shit petunias , and you did n't argue about such things with a man who was put together like lester .
yes - there was one thing .
i think somebody played them off against each other , scout , and maybe just for the kick of the thing .
when you got right down to the bottom of the thing , it was strictly business .
now there was the other thing .
` ` it 's a secret thing , is n't it , patricia ? ''
man , but that was n't the most important thing .
but the phone was n't the important thing now .
after all , it was such a little thing .
: a word to the wise , ace : now that you know , ` ` take your lumps '' and forget the whole thing .
but a woman who deliberately breaks another woman 's most treasured possession well , that is a much more serious thing .
of course you 're a nigger , anyone can see that , but it do n't mean a thing to us .
either way , one thing was certain : that son of a bitch was going to die , and he was going to die hard .
all of that about the names is interestin , aunt evie said suddenly , but it ai n't really the important thing .
the important thing is the man - your man .
but the spider was n't the important thing .
needful things was the place where everything had started ; needful things was - where it all must end .
needful things was the place where everything had started ; needful things was - where it all must end .
the next thing i knew , somebody had thrown me right across the pinball machine .
i should have immediately put the sedan in reverse and raced away , but the only thing going through my head was how i would convince aubrey to leave her goddamned computer , what few things we would grab , and how much time i should allow to grab them .
the one thing they were n't talking about was where the epidemic had originated .
but with zoe content in our new home and the routine we 'd found , and finding scarlet , the only thing that bothered me was what life would have been like without death descending on the world .
` ` it was just never my thing . ''
he decided to go home and sleep it off and think about the whole thing in a more adult fashion the next day .
the important thing was that he came to like andy dufresne very much , as most people did after a while .
in the centre was two feet of pipe - space , and you want to believe that was the meat of the thing ... in more ways than one .
i have no doubt that was part of it , but the main thing andy wanted was to keep cell 14 in cellblock 5 a single occupancy .
now he had to worry that some eager - beaver new guard would look behind his poster and expose the whole thing , or that he would get another cellmate , or that he would , after all those years , suddenly be transferred .
a person could work that circuit breaker trick easy enough when he was awake ; he could go on coloring in some picture piece by piece and pretending he could n't see the whole thing .
that the profit margin on the blue ribbon has gotten so thin that the cost accountants might just throw up their hands and say , let 's ditch the whole thing , guys .
only one thing that bothers me , and that 's a feeling i get from time to time that i ' m a character in some bad writer 's book and he 's already decided how things are going to turn out and why .
it seemed that he had been sitting here and going over one thing and another for a very long time , but no ash had grown on his cigarette at all .
he felt that listening to music would aid his thinking , and there was a lot to thing about .
and these women , their eyes go all shocked and then sort of melty and tender , and probably their thighs get all wet and sloppy , but they pony up and that 's the important thing .
he could n't think of a thing , and furthermore did n't know why he would want her to remember him at all , at least at this stage of things .
but except for these things , the lot 's knowledge of the country 's torment was academic .
' but you did - ' ' why , ' larry interrupted , smiling , ' you could be sitting right here and telling me something , and i would n't re ? member a thing about it tomorrow morning .
the whole thing is probably perfectly on the level , but the house makes me nervous .
' there 's one other thing .
' one thing first , susan .
he suggested we put the thing on the basis of a theory to be proved or disproved , and begin by - ' he ceased again , listening .
except perhaps one thing .
do n't forget the most important thing - there 's a dead man wrapped up in this mess .
' why , they have n't done a thing to it , ' she said almost angrily .
who 's had a chance to stop and think this thing out ? '
his father had had her for a patient for years , and when jimmy took his place , even running things out of the same cumberland office , she had come to him without embarrassment .
there are a lot of good profilers working on serials , but i think they miss one thing .
there , that was cryptic enough ; one thing i did not want the police to know was that i was a succubus .
it was a guy thing ; i got it .
he saw the whole thing as foreplay , and i just could n't deal .
there were so many reasons to want this thing cleared up before the vampires rose for the night .
that was the thing we had the least of , and i was having trouble staying calm about it .
the most important thing was to get the hell away from all the other cops and see how badly i was hurt .
he kept himself propped above me , back on his knees , so that almost the only thing that touched me was the long , slide of flesh that kept going in and out of me .
then the land began to open up , and the first thing i saw was the twinkling runway lights at the airport .
a big place , but not in the grand scheme of things .
( later ) when i was making my inventory , i forgot one thing : two kilos of pure heroin , worth about $ 350,000 , new york street value .
about halfway through , the pain started to become a more personal thing .
but if it is somethin ... well , you ' ve got a large thing in your head , danny .
` ` but it 's not a big thing .
the next thing i remember daddy was shaking me and i thought i was being bad again . ''
but it was a near thing , at that .
and her nails were one thing she 'd always tried to keep nice .
things had come to a pretty pass when they had to play nigger rock and roll music like that on the local country music station .
but the thing that scared him most of all - and maybe it was only coincidence - was what had happened just as they were turning onto the airstrip .
joe bob felt fine ; dying was the last thing on his mind .
polliston was off their route , twenty miles west of hammer crossing , but now the important thing was hector .
` ` that 's another thing , '' he went on , but he had turned away now and nick caught only the first word .
i guess you knew it , too , because it 's the only thing i never heard you whine about .
and when she came in here and told you she was in trouble , asked for your help , i bet the first thing that crossed your mind was to wonder what the ladies in the flower and garden club would say , or if it meant you 'd have to stay away from amy lauder 's weddin .
one thing is top priority .
there had n't been one single thing hassling his mind .
the thing turned out to be about rabbits , for christ 's sake .
it became easier to tell the truth , and truth - telling was the most important thing .
there had been a hot sweet ball of excitement in her lower belly , and she had been very conscious of her breasts as sexual things , full and ripe and standing out from her chest .
later on in life , you might wish that the good things which all befell in your one special year had spread themselves out a little more , that you could maybe take one of the golden things and kind of transplant it right down in the middle of a three - year stretch you could n't remember a blessed good thing about , or even a bad one , and so you knew that things had just gone on the way they were supposed to in the world god had created and adam and eve had half uncreated - the washing had gone out , the floors had been scrubbed , the babies had been cared for , the clothes had been mended ; three years with nothing to break up the gray even flow of time but easter and the fourth of july and thanksgiving and christmas .
yet before she could do that , there was one more thing she had to do .
he would concentrate on one thing at a time , planting one foot ahead of the other .
the big thing you take away from school with you is how to induct and deduct in a constructive way . ''
the next thing you know , we 'll all be thinking we 're moses or joseph , getting telephone calls from god . ''
oh yes , one other thing to remember .
we were sitting on a log , talking about one thing and another , when he suddenly put his arms around me and tried to kiss me .
they had run , was n't that the important thing ?
the important thing was that impening 's words would have no power if people could move into houses where the lights worked and where the furnaces blew hot air up through grates at the touch of a finger on a button .
` ` the only thing about this , '' ralph went on more seriously , ` ` is you guys putting me on this committee .
well , for one thing , it might mean that all these people here were just an epilogue to the human race , a brief coda .
she thinks this struggle is the most important thing , and she 's adamant about being consulted when our deliberations touch on it ... and on him .
she heard the old woman raise her voice to god , but her tone was weak and whining , a petulant voice , not begging humbly that god 's will be done , whatever her place in that will 's scheme of things might be , but demanding that god save her so she could finish the work ... her work ... as if she knew the mind of god and could suborn his will to hers .
and if the judge or dayna jurgens or tom cullen got caught , it seemed - in those closed sessions , at least - a thing no more important than losing a rook or a queen in a chess game .
after the meeting when we were sitting out on the grass and talking things over . ''
` ` we can do anything - everything - but that one little thing .
and that one thing really is n't so important , is it ? ''
it was just a little thing , she had said , a thing they could do without .
but if it was such a small thing , why did this room have that stale and slightly sour odor that he associated with the solitary pleasure of all his bad years ?
if it was such a small thing , she thought ( with no idea of how close to harold 's her own thoughts were ) , why did she feel this way ?
chad norris was next , and stu told frannie later that he had approached the thing in just the right way : they were burying the dead out of common decency , none of them would feel really good until that was done and life could go on , and if it was finished by the fall rainy season they would all feel so much the better .
one last thing , fran .
` ` the next thing on the agenda - ` ` ` ` fuck your agenda ! ''
this whole thing is part and parcel of some stupid game , do you know that , stuart ?
but sue stern had told her that the decision to send spies into the west had been strictly a committee thing , and she doubted very much if any of those seven were in the flagg bag .
but the thing that frightened her the most personally was the way people turned away from you if you mentioned flagg 's name , the way they pretended they had n't heard .
our politics are a bit different , but that is a very minor thing , with the rockies between us ... '' he 's hypnotizing me .
her hand had barely brushed the knob when he said : ` ` there is one more thing .
one ... very minor thing . ''
that small thing .
i could let him go , but it 's the principle of the thing .
` ` let 's think this thing out . ''
that 's the most important thing now .
but it was n't a crab and it was n't one of the daydreams - this was not the other place , the one he dreamed about when things were boring or maybe a little scary , and it sure as hell was n't any crab .
lily only toyed with hers , ate a few green beans , and then pushed things around on her plate .
' one thing at a time .
or had it been just some little thing ... something no more earth - shattering than buying a chunk of meat in a rural market - town ?
' but that 's the only thing you were telling the truth about , is n't it ?
' the important thing is morgan sloat .
jack knew one thing very well : he was not going to trust that deceptive quiet and go out any of nelson house 's entry doors .
one thing that interests me is that it 's the same over there as over here .
that 's the important thing , that 's the difference ; i ' m flickering through each of them , probably too fast to see , and leaving a sound like a handclap or a sonic boom behind me as the air closes on the vacancy where , for a millisecond , i took up space .
neither harkavay nor booker had got the whole story - for one thing , thad was adamant about not giving that smarmy little prick frederick clawson so much as a mention - but it was still good enough to rate a wider circulation it than either the ap wire service or the book - publishing industry 's trade magazine could give .
' i started machine 's way on the night in 1975 i thought up the name , but there was one other thing .
the familiar hallway had been rendered unfamiliar , almost hostile , by no more than the absence of the faded turkey - colored rug - runner which liz kept threatening to replace ... and while this seemed a small thing during the dream itself , it was what he kept returning to later , perhaps because it was authentically horrifying - horrifying outside the context of the dream .
best , maybe , to just fill the hole back in , replace what flaps of sod he could find whole , get enough fresh sod to finish the job , then forget the whole thing .
for one thing , i ' m sure your husband has an alibi for this second murder , as well .
i ' m not even sure that was the main thing .
he listened to liz and told himself that the thought of a cigarette was the furthest thing from his mind .
he started down the walk , then turned back , ' there is one other thing . '
it was all right between them again , anyway - there was not much thad felt he could be sure of just now , but that was one thing .
in fact , he found himself trying to pooh - pooh the whole thing .
for now , miriam was the important thing .
he thought they did , but surely the important thing was that miriam 's communication with him had suddenly ceased , and she was no longer reachable .
for one thing , he 's already been in your house for awhile , and as grotesque as it might sound to someone who 's not actually in the situation , it seems like he 's got ... squatter 's rights , or something .
but that is n't the important thing . '
' the important thing is how goddamned scared of him you are , ' she said .
alan said , ' i ' m sorry about this whole thing , but the thing i ' m sorriest about is promising you something would be okay when it turned out not to be . '
' it does n't have anything to do with speech , exactly - we 're not interested in accents , impediments , pronunciation , that sort of thing .
' you 're the world 's quietest man when you want to be , alan , but you ca n't do a thing about your car . '
next thing i knew , she was on the stairs .
the whole thing is sort of embarrassing . '
' and if anything occurs to you about that other thing ...
there were a dozen questions he wanted to ask , and the answers to those would probably produce another four dozen - but harrison was right about one thing .
he hesitated for a moment , wanting very badly to ask harrison about the most important thing of all , wanting to ask the jackpot question : was harrison sure thad had had time to get to his house , kill the men on guard , there , and spirit his family away , all before the first reinforcements arrived ?
the important thing is that i think we 're in pretty good shape here .
right now that 's the only thing in the whole world i give a fuck about . '
whether she loved him or not - a thing she was still trying to puzzle out - it was impossible to be unhappy with him for very long , or to harbor a feeling of resentment .
and that was just a little thing .
during this period she would congratulate herself from time to time on how adult she was being about the whole thing .
here is one more thing .
just one thing , johnny .
i heard on the radio that your mom had passed away - in some ways that seemed the most unfair thing of all , that your private grief should have been made a thing of public knowledge .
it seems like the only thing other people do want to talk about . '
i want to bury the whole damn thing .
if you feel that sexual intercourse is the most important thing on earth at this point in time , your risk of corning up with a limp penis increases ten or a hundredfold .
one thing seemed sure .
not that far from belleau wood , not the way we measure things over here , anyway .
it glimmered with bland wickedness under the light of the congregational parish hall : a knife that had traveled to france in 1917 with a boy , a boy who had been part of a boy - army ready and willing to stop the dirty hun from bayoneting babies and raping nuns , ready to show the frenchies a thing or two in the bargain ; and the boys had been machine - gunned , the boys had gotten dysentery and the killer flu , the boys had inhaled mustard gas and phosgene gas , the boys had come out of belleau wood looking like haunted scarecrows who had seen the face of lord satan himself .
' johnny , ' roger chatsworth said , slowly and very kindly , ' you ca n't know a thing like that . '
that is n't a thing i 'd ever flap my jaw about freely , johnny , but if any of those people out there on the lawn - including patty 's mother - want to jump to a lot of stupid conclusions they 'll be invited to shut their mouths about things they do n't understand . '
' one thing up front , though , ' roger said .
but there was one thing that bothered me very much , son .
but i have no doubts , no urge to look back over my shoulder and try to second - guess this thing into something less real and urgent than it is .
` ` one thing i ' m curious about -- did he know before the job that the money was new , all the serial numbers recorded ?
my body forgot everything except one thing .
` ` it was a close thing , anita .
` ` it 's not my thing , anita .
olaf was crazy and mean , but he was right about one thing .
the whole shot thing is based on the idea that that 's impossible . ''
in that moment i understood that malcolm had been right in one thing .
sometimes i think christians get all hung up on the sex thing because it 's easier to worry about sex than to ask yourself , am i a good person ?
the scratches were n't that deep , deep enough that if i 'd been a little more human i might have needed stitches , and seeing that they were across the mound of one breast i should have been more worried about that whole cosmetic thing , but strangely , i was n't .
that 's the first thing . ''
we had matches , of course , and salt ( someone said vaguely that he had heard salt was the thing to put on bloodsuckers and things like that ) ; and all kinds of o'cedar mops and long - handled brooms .
` ` please , let 's talk this thing through . ''
as i think i have said , there are all ways of handling a thing like this .
` ` no , there 's one other thing . ''
the stove was low , and alden had left the draw open too much again -- she told him and told him , but that was one thing he was just never going to get straight .
` ` things to be thought on at length , while the hands do their work and the coffee sits in a solid china mug nearby .
if not for that last glance , she might actually have let the whole thing go .
a little extrapolation did n't bother her ; hell , that was part of a fiction writer 's business , and people who thought it belonged solely to science - fiction or fantasy writers had never looked through the other end of the telescope , had never been faced with the problem of filling in white spaces that no history could provide c things , for example , like what had happened to the people who had colonized roanoke island , off the north carolina coast , and then simply disappeared , leaving no mark but the inexplicable word croatoan carved on a tree , or the easter island monoliths , or why the citizens of a little town in utah called blessing had all suddenly gone crazy c or so it seemed c on the same day in the summer of 1884 .
' and one thing these protestors never remember to mention at their protest rallies is just this , ' ted the power man finished , looking around like a trial lawyer reaching the climax of his summation .
would any of those things keep the iroquois nuclear - power plant from going on - line next may ?
and the nuttiest thing is that she does n't seem to have differentiated between things like fixing the water heater and customizing doorbells .
' sure , ' anderson said , and then added offhandedly , as if it were a thing of little or no importance : ' it 's just that i ca n't remember much from when we left the house until now .
do you think they 're going to come down here and say , ` ` please come to washington with us , ms anderson , the joint chiefs of staff are very anxious to hear your ideas on this matter , not only because you own -well , used to own c the land the thing is on , but because the joint chiefs always poll western writers before they decide what they should do about such things .
but do you really think they 'd scruple at wasting some people over a thing like this ? '
' look , ' gardener said , ' i ' m with you on at least one thing , all the way .
that was the main thing , and ... well , fuck the tommyknocker man .
for one thing , there was a grisly sort of compulsion in knowing the things jesus told her .
one thing was certain : she had to do something about it .
but that was the important thing , was n't it ?
but the fact of the power outage was n't the important thing ; haven had its own unique power sources now .
the important thing was simply that the weather had changed .
ralph had argued that any burglar worth his salt would look over the door for a key first thing of all , but ruth had gone on doing it , and the house had never been burgled .
once you saw the pattern , things fell into place like the last dozen pieces going effortlessly into a big jigsaw puzzle .
if she does , i ' m going to get rid of that lush first thing . '
newt berringer : next thing you know , he 'll be trying to tell us that we 're the dallas police .
sometimes gard felt a sickening surety that cooling out the powderkeg the planet was sitting on was the last thing which the new and improved haven was concerned with .
such things were outside his practical knowledge , but he guessed that a single gadget such as the one moss had used on thursday with such absent ease could cut the cost of a project the size of the aswan dam by twenty - five per cent or more .
15 wednesday , august 10th : in spite of his tiredness , his confusion , his inability to stop playing hamlet , and -worst of all c the persistent feeling that things in haven were going wronger all the time , jim gardener had managed the booze pretty well since the day bobbi had come back and they had lain together on the fragrant pine needles .
no ; that was one thing he did n't think he had to worry about .
just that one thing would in some fashion answer all the other questions c the ones he was never going to get a chance to ask .
he decided to forget the whole thing and go to sleep .
5 in this long , strange and painful dream he was having , ev hillman felt / saw gardener fall , and heard gardener 's thought ( forget the whole thing go to sleep ) clearly .
last thing of all .
for the moment , in the burning shed , it held , and ev hillman thought : the last thing .
not making a big thing out of it .
billy had asked innocently , just as if he and heidi had not argued over this very thing the night before .
rossington c that was the first thing .
' but do n't you - ' ' i think you were right about at least one thing , mike . '
the important thing now seemed to be how and where all of this would end .
linda was gone , that was the important thing .
the most important thing is to get you well , and then we 'll talk .
that he killed mccutcheon is the one thing of which i am absolutely sure .
' if there is something wrong , ' charity continued , ' it 's probably just some little thing .
but the thing we ' ve got to make them see is that it ca n't be a midnight burial .
that had been the first time she had really believed - believed in her gut - that she was going to grow up and become a woman , a woman with at least a fighting chance to be a better woman than her own mother , who could get into such a frightening state over what was really such a little thing ... . she dosed her eyes and tried to dismiss the whole train of thought , uneasy at the vivid emotions that memory called up .
the hateful hold she had gotten over him by telling him to get lost before he was ready to end the affair ( she had humiliated him , goddammit ) , for one thing - for one very big thing .
he had to get out of here ... but there was one other thing he had to do first .
' another thing , sir . '
at the time his wife was pulling his son 's tongue out of the back of his mouth , he was walking around the living room , putting things slowly and dreamily to rights , while bannerman , a state police detective , and a detective from the state attorney general 's office sat on the long sectional sofa drinking instant coffee .
' me one thing george bannerman had been least prepared to me when he turned into joe camber 's dooryard was the pinto belonging to the missing woman .
this was his bailiwick , not masen 's , and there was not a thing wrong with andy 's ears .
the group had finished dinner , grateful for full bellies , when she spoke , ` ` i ' ve been thinking about the ear thing . ''
` ` first thing 's first , though .
such a small thing , i realized , such a sharp nail could make all the difference in the world .
one thing at a time , i told myself .
that would be just one more thing for her to worry about .
one thing for sure , he did n't want to find out .
` ` angel , i do n't want you to worry , but there 's one more thing , '' i said to anna as brice came toward the truck .
one thing is certain , though , your brother is in some deep shit .
his scientists did n't know much about the disease - indeed , they were working around the clock to find a cure and to stop the spread - but the one thing they did know was that it appeared to only be spread through direct physical contact .
he closed his eyes as the doctor went to work , and all he could think about was one thing : to kill stetson .
one tiny thing like carla 's presence , which had been well - intended , might have have possibly turned the giant tide .
oh and one more thing , ruby says .
one thing 's for sure , a mama i am not .
one more thing , she says and hands him the slip of paper .
when they 're done , she takes the plates and puts them back on the tray and takes the whole thing away .
this is one thing god has nothing to do with .
she 's thinking of a thousand things - waterfalls and lighthouses and record players and men who travel with wonder and the deafening mumble of cicadas in the dry grass of the plains .
but one thing 's for sure - i wo n't be wakin you up from any naps anytime soon .
one more thing , he says .
cause you believe it 's just a thing with her body rather than her soul ?
a farewell is a thing of the mind - and , as such , you can shut it behind doors .
` ` for one thing , '' dan said , ` ` this has to stay a dead secret among the three of us . ''
well , she said , i understand most of it but one thing i do nt know , about twelve inches behind the head of my husbands tool is these to shiny round things , what might they be ?
the best thing to say about it is that your aunt helen needs time alone to think about difficult things -- adult things -- things a little girl like you ca n't really understand . ''
the best thing to say about it is that your aunt helen needs time alone to think about difficult things -- adult things -- things a little girl like you ca n't really understand . ''
the best thing to say about it is that your aunt helen needs time alone to think about difficult things -- adult things -- things a little girl like you ca n't really understand . ''
aunt helen was in on the whole thing and trying not to laugh .
one thing was for sure : he had enthusiasm .
there were so many things to consider in this whole thing .
there were so many things to consider in this whole thing .
so ... well ... you re peters mother and peters no longer getting married , which makes this whole thing a useless debate anyway .
i could nt eat a thing this morning .
i think that 's what caused boris to run off , when the whole thing came crashing down on the table ... yes , dear .
the only thing that 's worth half a plate of fried chicken is the situation with the russians and my own survival .
i save the changes i ve made by recording the whole thing back on to the tape deck before i look up and see what he wants .
one thing that stands out is what looks like a signature , jotted down next to this and that .
however this relates to the world i just left , one thing is certain : i ' ve been sucked down into a whirlpool of my own consciousness , and i ' m tethered to nothing .
there were n't no way in davy crockett 's nut - bags that my pill - popped noodle - sack could have taken to reasoned appraisal of the various churnings of the guts and the heart and the darkened mood that comes to a person when this kind of thing gets a - dwelt upon .
i had never made a big thing about my place of origin but , as i found out on this warm saturday afternoon , they had .
maybe i can get this whole thing straightened out through her without causing a big fuss .
no , on second thoughts he did nt regret a thing , even if he d burst into tears as he d said it ken would have overreacted anyway , he always did .
he had fainted , and when at last he had come round , the last thing on his mind was where to bury his nuts .
be that as it may , one thing is clear a prime time national public tv programme is certainly not an isolated act .
look , we ' ve got a really important thing to discuss here tonight .
one thing he knew for sure , his were staying where they were .
the main thing now is for you to relax .
i kind of get wrapped up in my own thing .
boomer is the thing that is important , that he s in our family now .
zam looked hurt that she would even mention such an obvious thing .
for some reason that ear thing really bothered her .
but there s only one thing .
oh , before i go , there s one more thing .
people may see you and , another thing , have you ever thought about knocking first ?
were fine , jason , but the important thing is , how are you after last nights date ?
oh yeah , another thing , i m going to write a letter that says that you re working for me .
the most stupid conversations are going on and i can hear the whole thing .
but another thing , madame petrovsky called me today .
but you forgot one thing , mr . smart guy .
but because the service is as bad as the food , ill admit he may not have figured the whole thing out yet .
and as i think about it , its not too great a reach for me to come to the conclusion that maybe i was suppose to whack you on the noggin with that sausage probably not as hard as i did , but i have to tell you truthfully that i m starting to feel less guilty about the whole thing .
about the only important thing i needed to do was get the rolls and muffins ready for flo the next morning .
as i somehow knew it must have been something i did or did nt do , i expected it needed to be me who got things back to our usual noisy status one more thing to add to my monday morning to - do list .
as i somehow knew it must have been something i did or did nt do , i expected it needed to be me who got things back to our usual noisy status one more thing to add to my monday morning to - do list .
if things work out as i hope they will , we should be pulling into ub2s place right about dark .
oh , one more thing before i forget .
sure thing , i said as she headed for the door .
i d tried to take the whole thing more seriously , but having had the opportunity to briefly talk with my esteemed opponent a couple of times , i d determined the man offered nothing but more of the same failed neoconservative political philosophy now being universally lambasted by democrat and practical - minded republican candidates alike .
unlike the others , he looked interested in only one thing me .
and one more thing , said the sheriff .
actually , sheriff , there is one thing i might ask you to help me out with .
` ` and that brings me to another thing , '' said the assistant dean .
its not a big thing .
well , at least he had tried , and that was the main thing .
its a girl thing , really . ''
the important thing is do nt worry about it .
louie paused for a moment and felt slightly guilty that his first consideration had been for the dollops and scents when the most important thing was that arnold and the tellers were at the bank unaware of the situation .
pearl said , louie come and sit down , we have done all we can for the moment , we need to deal with just one thing at a time .
the next thing to consider is how we stop al spider and the valley barn gang from gaining access to the reserve bank .
just one thing , i would be a bit concerned about taking the wasps off taxi and courier services for the rest of the day .
louie however was really disappointed about one thing .
the first thing to address was lunch .
one thing that had really shocked pearl was that at the first meeting the councillors had all agreed that they needed to double their remuneration so that what they were paid matched the private sector !
i guess , said louie recognizing that it was a case of dealing with one thing at a time , the immediate problem to deal with is the pollution of the stream by the proposed dairy farm .
its a good thing that this outlet is quite a way from the milking shed , said louie .
the situation will be very serious so i would think that there will be a commissioner in place fairly smartly to sort things out with the council .
one thing that worried shufflegrub slightly was that most of the staff were missing , including grovelmoore .
before moving to sri lanka in february 2011 to manage the tea estate i thought it best to conduct some research into tea ; how it grows , how best to maintain the plants to optimize on the yield , how much cow poo to put it in the ground to keep everything organic and all other manner of things that i thought were necessary to understand prior to taking on the job .
however , there is one thing that continues to baffle me .
within about a fortnight , the place stank and we had to draw up some rules to prevent us from getting a warning from the cleaners for not keeping things tidy .
he was a superintendent of sorts , though he never fixed a thing .
you know , that whole thing about all those things , right ?
rick never talks and its probably a good thing you fans ca nt hear what he s saying .
her children would have the best of everything ; and , if she handled the whole thing properly , she would become a major player in the south , someone to be reckoned with rather than just the wife of another member of the beneficial mutual million dollar club .
the pawnbroker remembered foster because he used to come visit his things , but he had nt seen him for years and could only suggest inquiring at a coffee shop where he knew foster used to hang out .
did he give you that for the whole giant thing yesterday ?
that s the most important thing when you re mining with someone .
but there s one more thing , tied to this bet chapter 6 : hippie this has plenty of poison to you .
one more thing to tease him about , but he could n't hide it .
now , back to the important thing .
the important thing is that you figured it out .
i only wanted to speak to his doctor , not follow every little thing .
oh yes , one more thing ?
trust was a huge thing with him , but he still wanted someone special , shari explained .
i admit , i liked when the worst thing i had to worry about was handing out band - aids and getting papers filed for children .
there was something inside he had to do , a necessary thing he was almost aware of , but which kept slipping away , eluding him like thin girls chocolate .
but not a distant thing how might he have handled his creation then ?
again , that s just a theory because i had nt a clue what else they really did , except contribute cash , which of course was the most important thing , and occasionally ogle me when i happened to walk by .
the next morning , i did the whole thing the water bra that pushes the girls up , the tight angora sweater than no man can resist .
one thing he was about to learn was that when i put my mind to something , no one can stop me , not even a hunky , boyfriend - to - be detective .
ariana , do you have any formal training in this sort of thing ?
yes , yes , i could paint this wonderful mural - you know the kind of thing !
one last thing , tony .
that was another thing that took him back to his own schooldays .
the most interesting thing was negotiating with the unions .
the important thing is that i gave her my card with the name of the person i was going to meet and the phone number where i could be contacted .
the last thing i want is for her to find out so she can go around and blow all my placements while i am away .
i am going to get a coffee so you have ten or fifteen minutes to talk things over .
the mans dialect was one thing to decipher , but when the statement ended in his backcountry slang it was like a train wreck .
chapter 65 you really should lighten up about this whole thing .
vero had never spent much time dumping bodies so it was a difficult thing to estimate how long he may have .
we need to discuss this as this complicates the no beer thing .
cause you have n't done a thing about pursuing her all this time , even though you 're the only person in town that could !
maybe the band was nt the most important thing in the world after all .
no , its just a home feeding thing .
so is this going to be a long distance thing ?
well ... there s just one thing .
a wedding date did nt really seem like a casual thing .
ill come to your place , drop my things off , and then we can go out for dinner .
alice had mentioned to her grandson that she thought tulip fields was like going back to high school , with all the men chasing after the most popular girl , with only one thing on their mind .
there s just one thing i do nt understand , sometimes the measurements have a small t and sometimes a big t , should nt it always be a big t , like capitalizing the beginning of a sentence ?
but then i remembered what he said when he d was ending things , and the i want to keep it casual thing .
later on though , mum gave him heaps saying that mrs simpson was not a young woman any more and that dad might have hurt her badly and was nt it a good thing she was wearing slacks and he should think himself lucky if she does nt sue .
but the archbishop was the last thing on my mind as i finally approached the school gate .
i knew that killing me was suddenly the most important thing in her life and i m sure that had the archbishop not been there , she would have closed the gap between us in a heartbeat and be wailing the hell out of me already .
the whole thing had been a total doddle .
she assumed there was more than a little hyperbole in what the old bag was telling her so she took a pretty philosophical view of the whole thing .
this and that , said tiffany , but that mild statement of hers was a lie , because one thing and one thing only was on her mind .
this and that , said tiffany , but that mild statement of hers was a lie , because one thing and one thing only was on her mind .
there was one more thing i needed to get off of my chest .
this was the last thing i wanted to talk about .
i did nt want to believe that he could have been in there snooping through my things while planting bugs and video surveillance equipment .
jeff tried to telepathically advise the old man about the dangers of such brazen activity , do nt grope at it you old fool , its obviously a not - for - touching thing , like a dive - bar debutante after a few beers ; no matter how tempting it is , you just do nt know where she s been .
it was one thing being forgotten when you were in the room , it was another when no one in the room acknowledged your existence .
it was one thing to have an assistant there ; birth was not the place for making high powered decisions , but to bring in a man who was near death and , more importantly , a creepy set piece was unacceptable .
i wanted to be able to watch the second movie the doris day , rock hudson movie without having to listen to the sounds of a cat hacking up a fur ball in my ear through the whole thing .
here you are , always complaining about how flat you are , when the only thing flat is that bra !
for one thing , it was about a hundred million degrees outside , and another , the golf course was at least three miles from my house ... all uphill .
moore seems to have only one thing on his mind when i ' m in the room . ''
she grabbed the first thing her fingers touched , a desk calendar , and started frantically flipping through it .
that s the only thing i really cared about .
as columbo would say , i had just one more thing .
but if jaggers is right , you wo nt be able to pin a thing on me .
the only thing on my mind , aside from having a thorough wash and round of booster jabs , was getting back into my flat and getting rid of the junior anthrax .
and then next thing you know he s agreeing to be blindfolded for a year by a bloke he s never met ?
he must have caught the blindfold somehow because next thing i know i m staring at a big grinning face .
it 's a cultural thing .
she could n't even stop herself being offish to adam , the man in the orange boiler suit , who looked after things at the camp .
samantha only wanted her darling husband to laugh with her about the one - time friend and her arriviste pretensions , and then they could move on the real thing .
now there 's one thing that puzzles me why the hell would you want to sack your top salesperson ? ''
one thing was for sure , he needed owen huntly nailed , and he was not convinced that rob hamilton was up to it .
` ` for one thing , i ' m in the middle of a divorce . ''
well , for one thing she 'd stopped asking because he did n't have ' a day ' like other people , and it would only embarrass him if she quizzed him on what he 'd actually done .
` ` one thing i have learned is how pleased i ' m going to be to get home , back to johnny .
the oracle will tell me ... things ... and stuff ... '' the paladin was n't entirely sure what benefits the visit would bring , but one thing was sure for him .
` ` one more thing , before you go ... '' the paladin looked at the toad , which jumped at his leg and bit him .
but it seems people do n't really care about this kind of thing . ''
after all , the baron was interested in that sort of thing .
the general would chide him for that , but first of all the man was n't a professional in first place , and secondly , the damage was already done and now there were other things to take care of .
and there was one other thing he had found amusing .
despite the efficiency of the new governors , one thing that they did not foresee until it was almost too late , was the rise of the plague .
not one thing went my way today .
oh , same old thing .
doing a good job for the big boss was always the most important thing to me .
they could nt be bothered with that sort of thing irrelevant of the topic raised .
the important thing is we should get going and continue our adventure .
the mission is the most important thing .
` ` to be fair he was very reasonable about the whole thing .
` ` snooker is n't the most important thing right now .
do n't we need guns the size of planets to deal with this kind of thing ? ''
next thing i knew my security systems had been re - routed and i was being pursued by several police craft at speeds i had only known as numbers on a dial .
several cups of bitter - sweet arabic coffee were consumed and maybe the odd water - pipe smoked before the call to prayer drew them from their earthly pursuits to things more spiritual .
so , she said as she approached , i guess the only thing i need to know is if he s coming back tonight and how much time we have .
she s not some meek little thing who needs you to protect her .
frowning , she searched the bottom of the box , eventually giving up and dumping the whole thing out .
while temperature was one thing , he figured it might be best not to draw any undue attention to himself while attending the the trachiniae .
and one more thing , lancelot offered for consideration , no one need worry about me impaling myself on the bears tail spikes .
i did n't even know a carillon was a thing until this afternoon , leah said .
oh , she just thinks mr . noel is not really santa , and this whole thing is silly .
oh , and one more thing , he added before jack could say anything else to dig his grave deeper , i d arrange a police escort to the deposition for you and your client on saturday if i were you .
now after i take care of one more little thing with the good people of afton , ill be leaving .
except except for one thing .
now i just have this one thing to worry about .
it seems a better approach is to get the spirituality thing worked out , and then get after the mortality .
i do nt disagree with anything your saying , and i was nt aware of the quality control thing or the question on pets .
wayne it turned out the old racist was right about one thing .
it was a good thing no youngster was with me , else i would have had to kill him or her to ensure no one would ever know my private humiliation .
for one thing , it would have to get through my pet evanescence first .
for the vampire i was now , only one thing mattered .
it felt good to help others , but one thing had never occurred to me : for every person i helped , another would suffer .
` ` i understand , the reception party 's arranged , i 'll change the time to suit , do n't youse worry about a thing , nick . ''
ok , he thought i ' m still just fixing things , but this could be the biggest thing he had ever fixed for pop and it pleased him no end .
ok , he thought i ' m still just fixing things , but this could be the biggest thing he had ever fixed for pop and it pleased him no end .
finn might very well come strolling into the office one morning , laughing the whole thing off .
oh , just one more thing , sergeant , it said , as he placed his palm on the door handle .
oh , and one more thing , maurice added .
why not just drop the whole thing ?
` ` oh , that little thing the other night ?
` ` one more thing , my friend , before i take leave . ''
` ` oh , one last thing , smudgely .
complaints abounded of bush 's militaristic stance : ' why the fuck does he think that military intervention is the solution to every damn thing ?
this time , there was not one thing he could think of which would deflect him from his campaign for a bigger office .
i could do it today , but there 's one other thing that worries me .
` ` watson sees to such things - all a matter of contacts in the right places .
` ` there 's one more thing i must do today '' said dave after he had relayed the details to mike ` ` and that is to join the union .
the next thing i knew the door was violently flung open accompanied by blinding light .
all that really happened was that i took my exam and the next thing i knew i ' m driving for my life .
because one moment she was limping towards the door and the next thing i knew she disappeared .
the next thing i know he was drawing back a fist to punch me , i ducked away and kicked him off his balance , causing him to tumble to the ground .
the proximity of her lips from my ears made me shudder in fear , ` ` it would be stupid to pretend you 're asleep , because your eeg tells us otherwise , '' ` ` i ' m not feigning sleep , '' i muttered , regretting every moment as each word slipped from my mouth , ` ` i just do n't want to see your hideous face , '' the next thing i knew she grabbed a fistful of my hair , a whimper escaped my lips .
yes , i m partly guessing that you re thinking i m having lady problems with their pms thing , but if it were only that simple , then i swear to you , i would nt be sweating as much as i was now .
however , there is one thing that i must tell you , and her face took on a serious look .
putting her parents at ease was the most important thing for her .
tohtell is a madman who is concerned with only one thing : absolute control .
it was nt just one thing .
now the first thing is to keep it as quiet as possible for the sake of your old man .
the main thing is an engagement , even the hint of an engagement might be sufficient .
i thought cloud and lee would like to see the place , you have far more important things on your mind then to be bothering about minor things like this .
i thought cloud and lee would like to see the place , you have far more important things on your mind then to be bothering about minor things like this .
i ve never had a thing on my conscience in my life .
there is one thing , your lordship , said mason as he was about to walk to the door .
in heavens name , clarence , get a grip on yourself , next thing i know you ll be swooning .
i ve thought the whole thing over and i just ca nt allow you to go through with it , your lordship .
then , we do nt know what happens to the women , the only thing we know is that scafarel uses pigeons to relay messages , and that those pigeons reach neria bs poolside every week at the same time .
you see , i m actually a physicist by training , with a special interest in fluid mechanics , dynamics , that sort of thing , and early one evening , quite by chance , whilst i was collecting some data for a quite unrelated experiment , i stumbled upon a curious phenomenon caused by an overspill of raw sewage after a particularly heavy storm .
one was left wondering how these two pieces were attached together at the midriff , but unless one specialised in this kind of thing , one would not be wondering too long .
and , all things considered , this little fellow would have had a somewhat dreary existence , given that his window upon the world was restricted to the sight of hundreds of other grapes , each of similar appearance , and only being broken occasionally by a passing farmer , a flying insect or an imperious spider .
good thing it happens only once a year , eh ?
one thing at a time , cat .
this was not the best of times for me and mindy seemed cheerfully obvious about the whole thing .
girls do n't like the smell of burnt ghost first thing in the morning .
type of thing .
and she was right about one thing .
uh , sure thing , boy .
beneath the intensity of his gaze , candy thought perhaps she should say no and call this whole thing off .
siddhartha had one less thing to obsess about ; he had convinced himself that he had finally found the love of his life , who in turn no longer needed to suffer either sultrys habits or gouts harassment .
one thing he does know is the music business .
he immediately says to me , perhaps you need to take some time away and decide if you really want to pursue this whole band thing .
uberti started back on the whole politics thing right where he left off .
do nt you think it should be a personal thing between them and god ?
whatever the reason , one thing was certain .
one thing i ve found fascinating is that before 200 a.r .
i guessed ed was hung over and upset , anxious to get rid of the notebook and intent on getting to the next thing on his agenda .
the industrial theft was another thing , even if horton did nt kill ray , following the trail of rays crime might lead me to his killer or at least the reason for his murder .
he also seemed to realize one other important thing .
you must really want to get this thing settled .
one other thing i want to discuss .
the important thing is that he is dr . red and he is an evil villain .
one more thing my dear pollyana .
it 's a good thing you were n't serious about it ! ''
we can learn as much as we like about these things , but one thing will always be missing .
he finished his coffee and went back inside , leaving the breakfast things on the glass table for anne the cleaner to clear up when she arrived at nine .
so without having to worry her pretty little head about a thing , she was to lead a life of luxury and leisure for which she had been perfectly prepared .
above all the child needed to learn to respect his elders , to learn some manners , to understand his place in the order of things .
but not first thing in the morning .
selena did nt want to argue with her best friend but of one thing she was positive , the new guy was not plainnot in looks or in personality .
the brain not being a set thing ?
` ` for one thing , how would you kiss her with that big snout of yours ? ''
she grimaced apologetically as if the whole thing had been her fault then added , the room smells .
even ms . cranberry could draw a crowd from five floors up , not that shed ever contemplate such a thing , he hastened to add as an insurance against her ever being told harpers strangely compelling for instance .
the only thing you ve ever curdled is but before she could complete her nagging , she was shushed quiet by the dimming of the lights and the raising of the curtain .
they act as if they have nt both , in fact , pledged their individual , undying love to me , as if the whole thing meant nothing at all to them .
did nt affect me in the least , she lied , dismissing the whole thing out of hand , yet not quite able to fully let go of it .
next thing you know , you ll be getting a bill for services rendered , whether you like it or not .
searching for emily became a thing of the past .
kate , i ve just seen the strangest thing , emily sang out and dumped her things back onto the table she had left twenty minutes before , plonking herself down onto her seat .
he looked at me like he knew me , like he still wanted to do me harm , like the only thing keeping him from ripping me apart was the very large , angry man at my side .
well , olivia said on an audible sigh , its a good thing he s not attracted to you ; otherwise , he likely would nt have hired you in the first place .
it was such a small thing , the new billing technique .
it really was such a small thing .
its always much better in this sort of thing if your ideas are , well , your own .
not by the cia of course , they do nt have the expertise for that kind of thing .
the secret he could never divulge to the reverend colin wheatsheaf about his natural mother was one thing , and whichever way you spun the coin that particular dilemma had fatefully taken care of itself ; but how does a man return to his village with the burden and responsibility of notifying the doting mother about the tragic course of events which led to her orphaned son being swept to his death ?
fortified by a decent breakfast and strong coffee , he was absentmindedly rinsing one or two things in the kitchen sink as he plucked up the courage to call at miss moseleys bungalow and inform her of the tragic events , when the old ladys face suddenly appeared on the other side of his kitchen window .
i 'd say do n't act stupid but i do n't want to strain you first thing . ''
if its too much to ask for a bit of hush , we may as well forget the whole bloody thing !
er , there was one other thing , began george , a bit awkwardly .
next thing i know , she leans forward and sticks lips on me .
one thing was certain ; this was the lowest point of his career so far .
and well , as for the ronnie thing , blame my teenage years for that .
i m sure if i keep slogging away things will fall into place .
that s why i was concerned , he finished and smiled again to reassure her that hiring a hit man was the last thing on his mind .
one other thing that phone stays with you at all times .
one more thing , littledick , frank said .
just one thing would you mind if i parked my motor scooter in one of your carports ?
anyway , the one thing i know is that , over the next two years , up to the point everything stops , more and more minds become closed to me .
for one thing , it would have been much more polite to ask me like a proper person , instead of jumping inside my head and helping yourself .
when you are hideous as him and romance strikes , the last thing you need is to open your mouth and put your foot in it .
but , what we have to ask ourselves , perg , my dear oops , she should nt have said that the important thing to consider .. the essential question facing us is ... pratt was listening eagerly .
and another thing , where exactly was this stand she was being called to ?
well ... and another thing , perg .
in fact , maybe saving the future was the most important thing there could be .
i do nt take nothing to do with that sort of thing .
for one thing , it does nt coexist very well with fear .
the only thing that mattered was the rock face just inches away .
to find the way there s one more thing we have to go and consult .
the entire thing ! ?
well , ill tell you rons working on a number of things ; he s been pondering whether she should nt just try to spin slavonian as moravian and just promote that whole thing simple religious folk move here from the old country , like in winston - salem .
after a fabulously romantic date we returned to my place for a night cap and things got quite amorous .
it really is nt the situation at hand that s the most important thing ; its how we face it .
julian is triumphant , but i am not too comfortable about the whole thing .
and one last thing lad about agents and managers ... do you know what they are ?
if this chat had taken place twelve months ago , the outcome might have been different , but i know in my heart of hearts that it is too late to turn things around .
' across the water ' proves to be as gentle as mild green fairy liquid , so we rock things up with a few obscure tracks from deep purple , traffic , and free .
i delay things a little further by visiting the wimpy , where i treat myself to the special grill of burger , bender , egg , and chips , finishing it off with a peach melba and banana milk shake .
i feel inclined to give her the benefit of the doubt , that it was a spur of the moment thing , so maybe the less said the better .
come on lad , its not such a big thing , says ged , at least that s what the woman from the canteen said .
hey son , another thing , what s this story about you messing about with yourself on the bus and feeling an old woman 's tit ?
' just one thing ...
she s a bit vague about the whole thing , he replies .
in lieu of answers to all these riddles , one thing became crystal clear .
i mean , its hardly the kind of thing that ll come up in casual conversation .
the one thing i could never figure out was , how did he know where i had read up to ?
this is another thing that really irritates me , why in this period of computer controlled everything , can you never get the same colour of anything unless it happens to be in the same batch .
this is not something that we want to encourage , but i was beginning to think that he might be a bit odd , as he had shown no interest in that sort of thing up to this time .
we were just now talking of that very thing .
he dredged out a handful of chicken pieces , put them on top of a stack of bread and wrapped the whole thing in a napkin and stuffed it into his jacket pocket .
we were just discussing that very thing , and what were going to do about the situation .
not the whole thing , he admitted , shaking his head .
chapter 10 to : god , eyes only supreme being : this thing with gabriel is getting out of hand .
but the money thing really is only half the motivation for the snatch.er , the abduction .
well work on the production thing later .
gale asked , what s the first thing ?
i ve been thinking about something else , too , not just the central concept of the opera , the relationships thing .
well , yes , he mentioned one other thing in passing .
but that s not the serious thing , is it ?
richard and gale are the serious thing .
what we gon na bet for in this hearts thing ?
anna was pissed at the deal , but decided not to make a big thing about it .
maybe you 'll also get a nice sloppy kiss and some puss filled zits around your mouth first thing tomorrow morning .
besides , i ' m not a woman , is n't this thing supposed to go to a chic ?
mom , the only thing i feel deprived about is not being able to get a pair of bellbottoms and get rid of my dorky , straight - legged pants .
and the other thing i learned is fairly simple and that is that besides percussion , the trombone section is one of the only sections in any band that can laugh while they re playing .
algebra is going awful terrible for me right now and i ca nt graph a thing right so far , because i have a real retard as a teacher and all he does is draw pests from his state pest test .
okay , okay , but the whole thing screams suspicion if you ask me and if you have half the womans intuition you claim you ll -- james , you ll continue lessons .
i thought the whole thing was great for dip - shits .
here we go , whispered moses to me as he watched this latest development and he winked at several shriners on the float with us who had also heard the whole thing .
tell kimmy i am sorry about the whole kitchen sink thing .
one more thing , the ool broderie should be recovered , our electronics division wants to take a look at it , and they want to know what the l stands for , obviously the two oo letters stand for owens & owell , but the l is a mystery , and ool was the three letter code sent to penelope avalons decryptor we found in the bahamas , which scafarel sent as she was leaving the hexas style resort in the bahamas .
` ` what a coincidence , '' said montana , ` ` i have a friend who knows foodnear , let me check one thing , hold on , do you have a phone ? ''
surely you know : a tiny little thing , a minor expulsion , hardly worth ones attention , though attention - getting enough in an embrace , were it to make itself known to both parties .
it was one more thing to think about as we began our trek upward that morning from pokhara , a trekkers paradise .
i could spend entire afternoons on rodeo drive and not worry about a thing .
she had seen this before on television , and in movies , but never the real thing , in front of her like this .
except one important thing .
i want the whole thing .
stirg liked the sound of impresario , but he was nt so sure about the tails thing .
so he had two major things going on in his life , and recently , the sailing thing was on top .
maybe he was satisfied with the whole thing .
oh yeah , here 's another thing .
one other thing worth noting here is : besides being an excellent wingshot , willie was also the fastest .
mike thought that would be the thing that would finally make him quit , but he had also thought that about a lot of other things .
he felt a stab of fear before reminding himself the whole thing was no big deal .
gary : the money thing is nt really a big deal .
they would have lived as simply as mennonites if they could , but the youngest , who was one year younger than shepherd , was pretty and knew it ( she had her grandmother 's more womanly figure ) , and therefore she tossed her golden locks coquettishly at an early age because boys flitted around her likes bees to a flower , and she had a head for worldly things and knew even at an early age that boys were a means to an end .
and his scandal was a small thing in the catastrophic events of the times .
he felt like maybe it was time to retire , but then fate dangled the one thing in front of him that he still wanted the boss 's retirement and the chance to be head of the agency .
next thing he knew he was hugging his toilet , heaving up oktoberfest .
back at the apartment tad rummaged through his things as gordy put on water for instant coffee .
there is one thing , gordy said .
you ever try something like this to me , young man , and ill cut off this little thing .
one last thing , ladies , feel free to ogle us all you want .
normally i give no thought to such things ; as a meat and potatoes man the only green want to see is the garnish that snuggles up to my pulled pork sandwich .
at least i ve got one less thing to wonder about when i m pounding away on the treadmill tonight .
all that is fine and good except for one small thing ; we ve enabled the fools .
the only thing that matters is that this trend has grown into an epidemic .
the only thing that matters is that i was not ashamed .
oh and one more thing , no is not a bad word .
the not so clinical trial the next thing i remember was hearing , on three .
he could nt tell , just by looking at her , but one thing he knew was that his wife never was wrong about stuff like this .
all kinds of things were going on in the country that needed his wisdom and attention , but he had his mind on something else , though none of the lessers knew what .
the other thing he was ignoring was the mounting toll the world - wide sanctions were having on the economy .
that s where you have more than one pressing thing going on in your life , and you set one aside and concentrate on another .
from this point forward he could concentrate on lalehs other characteristics , knowing he had no control over the sex thing .
he said , lets focus on this thing right now .
the clock is ticking on the bedroom thing .
the money thing is important .
the other thing can wait , i suppose .
you mean the sex thing ?
its not exactly a film ; its something sort of filmy thing but not exactly .
monique , who was smart as well as beautiful , said , is this a political thing ?
priss said , ` ` the first thing we got ta do is find out what 's going on in that place .
` ` no , for allah 's sake , the first thing we need is weapons ; real weapons , this time , not fucking pea shooters , '' said lewy , glaring at hablibi .
one thing he worked on was how the actors left the stage when the presentation shifted to film , and then reappeared when it shifted back to live acting .
one more thing i had to do first .
i did nt want him to come to my apartment so i added , you know you do nt have to check things out here , dick weed will want to do the same thing .
no , i ' ve got to finish this one thing , matt said .
that s the thing i wanted to talk about .
it could be just nothing , and at this point i feel confident that you re perfectly capable of responding in a normal way to a thing like that without getting carried away , but all the same i d like you to come and discuss that sort of thing with me until were sure you re in the clear .
it could be just nothing , and at this point i feel confident that you re perfectly capable of responding in a normal way to a thing like that without getting carried away , but all the same i d like you to come and discuss that sort of thing with me until were sure you re in the clear .
the next day , after taking my morning dose of psylocybin , i packed my things into two bags and made ready to leave the maple ridge part of my life behind .
the important thing is that i do nt feel that way anymore .
closure was an important thing for me , or for them , i felt sure of it .
i wondered what their business was , but only a little getting jims help was the most important thing , and there was nt room in my mind for much else .
the important thing was to get penelope and jim out safely .
your noble efforts to rescue the lovely ms . hope have blinded your mind to the bigger things going on around you , as he spoke , my mind flashed back to the military - style trucks which had passed me as i was on my way to maple ridge , and i was able to get it started without any meddling from you , which was a welcome change .
that is the most important thing for me .
i mean this kind of thing he shook his head .
this thing with glissy is going to be delicate , but we need to get the advantage over stirg .
people live in gray areas about some things , and they live in black or white areas in others .
now its about the most important thing in his life .
catherine saving the painting was the third most important thing .
they had one thing on their minds : st . barths .
one thing she did nt wonder about was handling them .
maybe its a good thing to teach , because after talking and after law , some things still can not be decided , then is the time for fighting , no ?
another thing he had nt quite worked out was which wealthy russians he was going to persuade to head to charleston , with large quantities of funds in their pockets .
things happened in the back seat of the big mercedes as it rolled through the landscape of bordeaux , deneuve co - opting gwen into friendship , and gwen now did the same thing with slevov .
so jinny gave it to them straight , that plouriva was handling the furniture thing , and she had to coordinate that with the crate and the container ship thing .
he thought he would go along with his partners if they laid this type of thing on him .
things fell into place , slevov participating when she felt like it .
they only have one thing on their mind , and my daughter is not going to attend one of those dances . ''
lena could feel the tears starting to roll down her face , when her father , who had remained silent during the whole thing , finally spoke .
you act like your class is the only thing a person has to do with their life .
` ` there is one more thing , '' she replied .
i had n't realized that he had watched the whole thing .
you were right about one thing , though .
i say i 'll fill that whole thing up and it 'll start to spill over .
one thing they did notice , however , was an abundance of fireworks stands along the way .
um , one more thing . ''
kicks in and i ca n't even focus my mind on one important thing and start thinking about random crappy cartoons from the early nineties .
there is not another thing my hands will touch after the diseased dispenser before soap is actually being applied to those very same hands .
` ` um , one more thing , e. do you mind calling triple - a again for me ? ''
i quickly mixed all the colors up again and solved the whole thing in less than a minute .
` ` yeah , uh archie , there 's another thing . ''
the murder thing was out for now .
one more thing though . ''
we will never find it , for one thing .
this was one thing my shitty defense actually brought up .
` ` yeah , kind of , but that s not even the main thing .
lets leave first thing in the morning . ''
but , i promise you , we are going to solve this thing .
it 's just a casual thing . ''
and the weight thing , well ... ya know . ''
but i had to work this entire thing out in my brain , and besides that , there were still a few things i needed to double check before i could finally be one - hundred - percent positive my theory was correct .
this led to further descriptions of other things that had happened to me between the ages of nineteen and twenty - seven , including the howling wolf vote , and the next thing i knew he was calling the human resources director in to finish the hiring process .
put two english majors together in a confined space , and the next thing you know you re discussing sir gawain .
but , he suspected , being french authorities they likely would n't blame the reckless gunmen nearly as much as the reckless gunmen 's quarry for being silly enough to try and get away from what appeared to be an official patrol of some sort , and never mind if the french police were n't sure themselves which agency had sent out the patrol it was the principle of the thing .
for one thing , the french policemen were eyeing him closely , and at least one of them would undoubtedly see him at it and would almost certainly assume he was up to no good .
in the normal course of things , spies generally died at the hands of people protecting their own country 's interests .
that seemed a responsible thing to do , all things considered .
for one thing , she seemed basically ladylike , for all her quirks and assertiveness , and to touch her without permission would be a variety of trespass .
it also gives us something to laugh about , and feel silly about ; and in our game , young lady , superstitions also give us an excuse to back out of things we 'd rather not mess with in the first place .
why he 'd blithely set things up as if he were good at that sort of thing was beyond comprehension , and , in hindsight , he wished he had n't .
i just wondered if taking the train would be the better option , all things considered , assuming there 's no strike on , and , if so , whether i should plant the seed or leave the whole finagling to you ?
probably not my best move ever , although , to be fair , he does tend to be good at this sort of favor , and usually does n't go beyond his instructions on this particular sort of thing .
` ` one more thing , '' carterson said .
my mom was shrewd with these things ; she could haggle an elephant out of its trunk .
` ` it 's a good thing you do n't get out much .
and suddenly then i reminded myself of another thing , oh , the lampposts !
on my very next following pilgrimage to that banyan tree , the first thing i checked was the two berries which i had put down last time on the platform .
do n't yer worry about a thing .
realized i had glazed my way through the entire thing .
that s your thing ?
pretend that sex with her is the last thing on your mind .
the people watching him braced for a tumble , but he did fine and the next thing they knew he was standing in their midst as if he had been poured there , all handshakes and smiles .
the next thing he knew she was not there , and he had been asleep for some time .
it was the one thing he had wounded time to try to own , wounded his own time , his own life , to try to make himself one notch smaller so he could fit inside a picture frame that had her in it .
` ` my god , '' he said , ` ` you 're really not very good at this sort of thing . ''
` ` ernest white , sometimes i think the most important thing in your life is nt me but you getting out of here , and you d sooner leave with her and be free than be with me and stay here and put up with it . ''
` ` one more thing , '' he said without looking up .
and one more thing , ernest .
my wife and i are like chalk and cheese and that s the main reason we have put up with one another for so long , but on one thing we categorically agree .
after all , chauncey never did exist , but alexs belief in chauncey made him real in some sense , and once i began to think of things other than chauncey , the protective layer my son created was stripped away and my bitterness towards my place in the world were exposed once again .
because there was a lot going on , and only one thing we were both paying attention too .
there 's one thing that might slow him down .
` ` one other thing , '' mom said , completing the ground rules .
i did nt care about the cops either , having experienced their inefficiency my whole life , but something roger had said on the phone stuck with me , and i said , i m not worried about the cops , but there is one thing .
and one more thing , do you have a set of architectural drawings of the museum ?
i thought , that s all the excitement i need right now , but then said , well , one thing , definitely not as interesting as stealing paintings , but remember the car chase in bullitt ?
you need any help with this article thing ?
again i did nt nod yes or answer , and he went on , ok , so , lets see , the inner and outer thing .
for one thing , you always have to act proper and be polite .
ok , then , it sounds good to me , except the plato thing .
what plumber thing ?
you made a big thing about it .
` ` you think you have this shooting thing figured out ? ''
but one thing , can jinny , or the table , give us an explanation of his birth .
` ` one other thing , ' roberto said .
oh , there is one other thing i should mention .
that was our private thing : the huge chocolate cake .
the cake was much larger than i had expected , but this was our private thing and a necessary component of every birthday .
okay , there is one last thing that we have to dosell your old house .
` ` oh , just one thing ...
chapter 16 although almost everything was the best it had ever been , there was one thing that was almost the worst it had ever been , yeah , even in my darkest hours i could pick up money by bricklaying , but now i was unable to do that , as it could , and probably would , send my thought patterns hurtling in the wrong direction .
but the main thing is that your company , your way or the highway , has got such a professional way about it , and everyone notices these trucks throughout the country , and wants to be moved by them , because you offer a brilliant service with polite hardworking crews .
the thing is , we were really trying not to make too big a thing of it .
now , there was a woman , sylvie felt , whose enthusiasm for every little thing might after a while become slightly wearing .
things are getting tougher out there , and the firm are nt becoming famous for showing much loyalty around the place just lately .
i need a woman 's eye to help me with that kind of thing . '
you ca nt just blame the money for any old thing .
he was a drake possessed ; the only thing that mattered to him was the seductive allura , a vision of slinkiness luring him down a forbidden track into a mysterious tunnel .
` ` the power of durable evil is the important thing .
for one thing , she thought thirty - nine different genders was too many for one person to handle .
then we have the problem of motive : one thing is clear , those who are candidates for mastermind must have had motive to set up the murder and body disappearance in toronto .
i only dwell on it because i heard a college chick totally chewing her boyfriend 's ear off over circling the ( m ) or ( f ) thing .
this was the closest to forceful sex i ever encountered , and that was the last thing i should have been worried about .
it 's not a mom thing .
it 's a person thing .
i do n't go for the whole wine and cheese thing .
no kidding , i could be found floating in his pool the next day ; and after he padded the right pocket , the police would look the other way they 'd chalk it up to , say , a bad reaction to chlorine , for which he 'd immediately fire his pool guy and forget about the whole thing by day 's end .
heat - of - the - moment type thing .
` ` no , real thing here .
` ` for one thing , i had to teach myself how to build a particle accelerator . ''
one thing 's for sure , i ca n't go home .
` ` it was a one - time thing , '' said hank .
` ` there is one other thing , '' hank said .
` ` oh , i could n't eat a thing , '' said hats .
i drew in the scent of that banquet that would never be eaten , and let the knowing part of my brain work things out behind the scenes , and gradually , like a dream , the thought came upon me : i was going the wrong way .
one thing for sure , whatever she said , there was going to be some freaking out to go with it .
for one thing , even though dr . red agreed to graft superkid 's finger back on his hand at the threat of being incapacitated by black belt , they found they could n't even get the finger untacked from the air , especially without damaging it .
for one thing , the two rescuers aboard the boat had great difficulty getting the pole anywhere near christopher ; and another , christopher , being paralysed , could not take hold of the pole , or the ridiculously small net , which he noticed at the end of it .
other things concerned him now ; so many things to do , first thing in the morning .
since the first thing we decided was that my chosen outfit should have no food , spit , paint or drink stain on it , this eliminated three quarters of my wardrobe .
sir , best not try any jokes about the pot thing .
do you think , in todays day and age , that this pot thing is really that big a deal ?
it was nice , if you re into that sort of thing .
the roses on the altar had nt been a big thing back then , and i think way too much has been made about it now .
he s embarrassingly questioned us on many things ; the roses , anatoly not being catholic , my divorce , and the list goes on .
` ` um , there is just one other thing ... . '' ` ` forget about it ! ''
` ` there is one little thing ... . '' ` ` oh no you do n't !
` ` you can manage that sort of thing , can you ?
` ` the important thing is arthur just uttered his first word .
indeed , physical contact with your spouse was to be discouraged once you had all the children you required , if my father was to be believed , and he knew his stuff when it came to that sort of thing .
there was only one thing i wanted to discuss , and that was gloria .
the important thing was that shed saved me from a severe beating from a woman who by all accounts was half a century younger than me .
washing out our facial sores and cavities might seem like a small thing to you , but to us it could be the difference between success and failure , between acceptance and rejection by those who meant most to us .
but the important thing was that i recognised it .
this whole thing does nt have to be painful .
its a good thing you re not really an actress .
its longer , for one thing , two stories , and its flat on top .
there was one thing that could clinch it .
` ` imagine if you were merrily plucking the old harp strings and suddenly your thing froze -- '' ` ` plucking the old harp strings ? ''
you call a wireless thing a matter of the flesh ! ''
next thing you know , we 'll be duking it out on elimidate to see who gets the , umm ... . '' ` ` how long have you been watching elimidate , merlin ? ''
oh , and there is one other little thing . ''
` ` it 's a good thing one of us is , '' grumbled bagless .
well , one thing for sure , he traveled alone .
ah , there s just one thing .
its a good thing i have other things on my mind right now or i d give you an argument .
on the other hand , he was leaving wednesday or thursday and the last thing he wanted was for either of them to take this fling seriously .
that s the thing that s complicated .
it was just a little thing and i do nt want you to worry .
the next thing he knew , emersons brown eyes had been replaced by the blank white of the ceiling .
she observed the various routines of those employed at lujo siete , and one thing caught her attention in particular .
mr owl , whispered ir , i appreciate going back in time and covering all walks of life where pc has crapped on our landscape , turning it from green and pleasant to dry , arid and dull , but i thought my job would be to do my best for our villages , towns and country by helping to tackle things like - crime , drugs , binge drinking , stupid laws , silly sentencing and even sillier citizens in wigs who administer them , global warming , better health care for all , benefit fraud , education - real education , and terrorism .
i am not talking about things like taxes , but about the fabric of what makes the country work together , helping your neighbour , and promoting these values through our children .
he acknowledged that the proposed travel to multicoloured meadow carried the chance of an accident on the motorway , or a train crash , but presumably these things were already risk - assessed and therefore factored into their everyday duties .
some citizen you do not know , and does not know you , will approach you first thing tomorrow , at a place of your choosing , but not the pub .
this was when xavier began to think that he should call her , tell her what he knew : about shawn tillman , yes , and the other thing .
he knew it was nt his right to draw attention to such a thing , but this was too far out of character for his father to go unstated .
one thing 's for sure , ann landers will never run out of things to do .
that perfect cup of coffee you enjoy every morning is also a miracle , all things considered .
and i wonder sometimes if walter 's garden and the gladiolas and the noisemakers and the pharmacists should n't just get together like this , and discuss a few things over tea and cake , says a writer , wiping his eyes dramatically for effect .
i was so relieved that the fraser canyon was behind us and both cats were in the car that i did n't worry about one single solitary thing .
` ` it 's a good thing they have other farms to visit , '' i said .
` ` ignoring the whole thing .
but valve lubrication , food additives , that sort of thing . ''
` ` as long as we 're clear about one thing , '' said smooth bore .
` ` it 's the other thing we 're concerned about . ''
` ` so how 's a big thing going to stop entropy ? ''
someone had recently told her that she should spend less time tweeting about anything and everything , and focus more on one particular thing for a book with a good story .
drew says rob is still a little touchy about the receptionist thing . ''
next thing i knew , however , the garage door rumbled loud enough to rival liftoff at cape canaveral .
` ` you re right about one thing .
one thing for sure , mr . mister never sang it .
why is it you guys are always so blind to that sort of thing ?
i wondered where dan hayward was hiding , and i m sure jo was asking herself the very same thing .
yes , i m a bit worried about this thing with nick and lucy she could make things messy for me .
he raised his hand as if swearing an oath and addressed the space behind lucy like it was an assembly , hello , my name is nick green and i m a recovering hippie lucy smiled weakly , do nt worry ; its good to talk about things .
sofia decided the best thing was to wait for answers to come , josh was starting to be careless and from her experience the combination of stress and pillow - talk often brought to light things which were once kept hidden .
its the first thing shell do when she re - enters the public eye ; right now she prefers to start the ball rolling without any attention or unnecessary stress and see how things go .
basil said through a gap - toothed grin , disturbing her sunken disappointment , you had time to consider the other thing ?
obviously there was one thing , at least , gabe could not seem to push her into , in spite of trying .
however , i caught myself slipping over , for half - a second , into feeling a case of poseidon worship , or defiance , an either direction sort of thing , as though i were submitting to or fighting with the watery deity instead of enjoying or memorizing the story for school .
but one thing puzzles me .
` ` it feels like the last thing i 'll ever really remember is a whipping sound , and how i visually followed it up ?
its not the sort of thing that you should really ask the person you wake up next to , so i was more than pleased when alison asked me if we d had sex .
downs is a different thing entirely .
i might start to after i ve found one thing that s worth looking at on a bbc site / channel .
if its a girl , then they do nt have to worry about that sort of thing .
the very worst thing about it is that we have to go back next week , and the week after , for more of the same .
football ca nt be the only thing on his mind , can it ?
a part of me wanted to laugh but i did nt want to be disrespectful to tommy when he was just trying to be mature about the whole thing .
now once again i am slapped in the face with the reminder that just because this is my body , i have no say in what happens to it and i have no control over a single thing in my life .
chief tracey attached a very specific to - the - minute itinerary for the day as well ; including such things as taking the man for coffee , a ten minute ( no more ) tour of the armaments room , an explanation of the office supplies accountability system and a spell in the dispatch for a couple hours before going on a ride - a - long with one of the three most trusted police officers in the department .
oh , and one thing sir , her address is in the leq . ''
now , one more thing .
marla did nt understand what this meant , but that did nt matter she could see it did nt fire bullets and that was the main thing .
` ` it 's the principle of the thing , '' said honorary mayor wilmer ' studs ' sturmlicker .
between xanthippe and jeanette it was handled with cool , professional competence , despite the constant carping phone calls from officious office dwellers far from the scene who thought they should be controlling things that did n't know a freaking thing about .
they knew who he was from the mexican officer 's conversation with pancho , though the officer had prudently refrained from mentioning the whole thing about the money .
i will defend you always and fight the dark forces and all of that sort of thing .
yes , only then shall i know my place in the greater scheme of things , my stitches in the fabric of the universe , my place in the cosmic order .
this was a consensual thing .
the only thing left was figuring out how to risk making his move .
to put things back on track , she told eri to tell carter that she did still want to be with him and for him to meet her today at the same place and same time that they did yesterday .
the only thing on her mind was meeting carter at the end of the day .
its a good thing she is a girl , or else we might not know what a cumbucket is , another guy laughed .
the whole thing took about a half hour to cook and smelled delicious .
we rode the bus together and talked about school things - favourite classes , teachers , places to sit with a coffee , uninteresting things .
of course , whether or not people come to see your movie is the thing that really matters to people in the movie industry ( it is , after all , a business ) .
they have a tendency to defend their own products while they are protected by patent and then to cast them to the wolves of litigation when the patents have run out , and they move on to the next big thing .
things can mean more than one thing .
' the only thing that worries me is that we did n't leave the country on the same passport .
the only thing that was important was that they had been right .
the profanity makes the whole thing feel too urban .
oh , danny - one more thing .
` ` it 's just this whole marriage thing .
if it 's some little thing , well , i can tell just how far i can go .
her intuition was clear on the friendular thing , clear and totally negative .
it 's orthogonal to that kind of thing .
whatever it is , wen replied , one thing 's for sure .
the only thing left now was to see whether or not all , if any , or the baris would accomplish what they set out to do .
he s already on to the next thing , flailing away like a windmill .
you play when you 're so hungry you ca n't think and you 'll get hit in the head so hard that you wo n't have to worry about that thinking thing for too long .
i look at her now and yes , maybe i d give the whole thing up for her .
next thing you know he is bringing his own unique vision of the wolverine ! ''
her ex - husband would always ask her one thing when he got drunk [ every second tuesday during the first part of their marriage but more randomly as the end came in to land . ]
perhaps the only thing more curious than their behaviour was the explanation behind it .
zarg wondered what his own strength would be before remembering he did nt care about that kind of thing , he was more cerebral .
things had gone exactly to plan , only one more thing to check before he could head to futs house for a relaxing night in .
things had gone exactly to plan , only one more thing to check before he could head to futs house for a relaxing night in .
he could nt be anything but pleasant about the whole thing .
one other thing , mcgregor said .
now it seemed the most important thing in the world to tell her that he did nt hate her , that he was sorry for pulling away from her all these years .
` ` the first thing i am going to talk about today , '' said pint , ` ` is fraternization and gender integrated training .
` ` i want you to think about one thing spungli .
the next thing i knew , i felt my feet carrying me to the altar , toward the change .
` ` it 's a pretty simple thing , sprungli . ''
i act very sympathetic and say something like , sorry for the mix - up , violets pretty hard nose about that kind of thing .
just one thing though , my dad did nt smoke .
i suspect the wife had put him up to this , perhaps their loud words had been about this very thing , but that was ok .
this is another thing that bugs me : i m stopped at a traffic light .
yeah , you re right it was a big thing and so was your lying to me .
i m not sure this is such a good idea , this discussing every little thing .
the only thing i m not sure about is whether i saved him from a well or from a tree .
i told you , were going to a party at the neighbors tonight where you ll get to meet them , but just remember one thing what is that ?
yes , just understanding what a word means is one thing , but living it gives it substance .
did someone hurt you , pretty thing ?
we have to stop at her place and get a few things straightened out with the house .
you ca nt take a goddamn thing serious !
its not a serious thing .
its a good thing you re not driving .
i m going home , so you two can get on with your thing .
yeah sure thing , ill get you a drink to go with it if you like .
how i hate to do things slowly because i am always in such a rush to finish and move on to the next thing .
how i hate to do things slowly because i am always in such a rush to finish and move on to the next thing .
i ve only gone and thrown a bundle of clothes on top of it and now i have two things to root out , thanks for that by the way .
mr nash fusses over the client and informs her do nt you worry about a thing ; the company will pay for your outfit to be dry - cleaned .
yes folks , this is the kind of rubbish , which crosses my mind regularly so bear with if you please since i have not had my morning coffee yet to focus the brain and make more sense of things .
do nt you worry about a thing , my girl here will be thoroughly professional about it , says brenda and retaking her seat with more cake to hand .
one thing at a time i tell myself otherwise ill just explode with all the pressure to do this , do that and still get it just right every time or in my case usually wrong .
he kindly lets me off with a warning about the broken branch and i feel like a naughty girl for wanting to sort things out by myself and without the help of the grownups , after which , he informs me if you stick on this road then it ll eventually lead to where it is that you want to go .
i have decided not to sell this place , just in case things do not go according to plan with adrian .
one more thing while were on the subject of nhs employees if smoking is so bad for you then why do you find that a lot of doctors and nurses partake in the life threatening habit ?
yeah i suppose everyone handles things differently , but my smoky scent was nt even out of the flat and he was having lunch with her .
i m glad now that i did see that my own babys head was in the right place on my last scan , so that s one less thing to fret about .
it 's the sort of thing that would turn almost anyone into a man - crazy freak with romance tunnel - vision , and that 's exactly what happens to her .
alright he began , well for one thing its very easy to become distracted out here .
you ve come so far on this writing thing , and a lot of its because of him !
the only thing i m over is this topic .
oh and one more thing , she continued .
the next thing i knew the cute volunteer ( now looking a bit sweaty ) was staring me in the face .
cm : quickly , lets run through some of your contemporariesjust gim me the first thing that comes to your mind .
its part of a larger thing , you know ?
the bandi do nt know them very well , bob introduced us once , but they were kind of into their own thing and did nt really hang with us , you know ?
i do nt think he d quite settled yet , on his approach , the whole tribal thing .
alyssa , let us try to concentrate on one thing at a time , for now .
my body craved the one thing it needed , which was the one thing i felt repulsed to think about .
the last thing i wanted was for anyone , especially lysander , to see that i d been crying .
the first thing you must know is that a vampire need only look at you to glean the information from your mind .
maybe it was a good thing she did nt plan on staying with the clan .
i do nt have a big place , and i do nt often have guests , but i was nt thinking about those things when she asked me .
i used to talk to him when i saw him , and when my husband left he started coming around to cut the grass , fix the car and trim the trees , which did nt take long to lead to other things .
she was anticipating that troy was going to suggest moving from this work - horse area , and move to an area that possessions and bank accounts were nt the only things on everyones mind .
i know this has been an exhausting day , but if we keep our perseverance going , then well be able to get this thing finished , reinforced baltazar , holding the script in his hand , staring at troy , who was sitting beside him , preventing his chair from swiveling .
sister put her hand on charlotte 's arm and said , there is one thing we have to do before we go back outside .
liturgical worship had never been her thing although she would never have admitted that to anyone in the church .
she spent the day attending to one thing and another .
christina shook her head , for one thing , the church may be more inclined to settle with us because it will need to really focus on the bigger battle in the supreme court .
or perhaps from the girls point of view , once upon a time there were two girls eri and akemi , both played with two guys in the second week of a program and thing were unresolved by the end of the week .
the thing of course is that they could have been control elements , pawns or proxies , or just simply the representatives of representative nations , peacefully attending a conference .
it would cost him reputational points ; alpha most of all would try to palm him off as a cheapskate based on this episode , but not all things can be planned out , and the seeming mistakes of one week are actually the great successes of another .
ok . getting back to the whole environmental thing .
evan and i never got into the wine thing much .
chip sort of brokered the whole thing .
says in his understanding of things , the babys father should take some responsibility , that sort of thing .
says in his understanding of things , the babys father should take some responsibility , that sort of thing .
we ve kept too many things to ourselves , and maybe getting drunk together would be a good thing for us .
oh , ok . you want to get nosy about the zeke thing , right ?
oh , just things , ya know , i tried to help , but sometimes there s just nothin i can do besides give folks a warm place ta sleep and a good bowl a soup .
now , of course , sue knows nothing of the whole thing , but she keeps praying for the kitten .
one more thing , i m sure no one has explained to you the weirdest part about reincarnation .
right here , just a few stitches , then tie the whole thing together with a loose stitch .
it will be the best name , but a name should be something we decide is best , which is not necessarily the same thing as the best thing about you corrected eve , the important woman .
one the first thing i should address , that you seem totally mistaken about me , is my marriage with karen .
the only thing that mattered was to attack my tormentor until i could no longer attack : or , possibly but not to be expected , until trent was subdued and begging for mercy .
those souls he had witnessed ascending in the flames to the divine tribunal for final judgment were the last thing on his mind .
the phenomenon of the fragments disappearing to dust - eddies in the morning sunlight seemed a small thing the relics monger at some point late in the thirteenth century the feud between the german immigrant family of tussleheim , and the south french clan of lebris , came to a head .
nor did their differences politically ( that is to say , religiously : in those days it was nearly always the same thing ) .
their wrangling and mutual mud - slinging bouts were a thing of the receding past , forgotten in the hatred of the present .
i was thinking of maybe just sending sternheisel a cheque and forgetting the whole thing .
one thing was certain , sternheisel was nt afraid of his patient .
you re talking about some kind of metaphysical thing .
that was the other thing , gloria working while he waited at home or her place did nt go down well at all between them .
good thing i never got around to it .
my exhe always used to handle that kind of thing .
she better not make a big thing about it , steve thinks to himself .
the whole thing is so complicated .
camp files camper personal information filed : 6/01/08 by : camp director joseph kroger name ( first , middle , last ) : phoebe claire channing date of birth ( month , day , year ) : april 18th , 1991 place of birth ( city , state ) : new york city , ny age : 17 school : george washington high school year : senior height : 56 weight : 126lbs hair color : brown hair eye color : brown eyes family father : henry channing iii , age 41 mother : abigail channing , age 41 siblings : henry channing iv , age 13 psychological personality profile personality : she s always prepared to the point of exactness and likes to have things done her way .
the coroners autopsy could nt tell them whether it had been planned or a accident but one thing was for sure , it was nt killed by one hand or by a person in general .
in the olden days , people could socialize at the theatre whether it was the pit or the stands , stage writers could write in political intrigue to gain either backing from the common folk or more lucrative , backing from the queen / king , and people could hone their oratory skills on the stage and in the pit but that was a minor thing .
there s one other thing , though .
this is nt a hitting a girl thing .
it was really no big thing .
the main thing today , though , is addressing the problem of the holocaust .
that s the first thing .
he gave her a strange look for bringing up a subject that was the furthest thing from his mind .
she had had several flings with black men , and the important thing about those flings was that they were with men , male human beings .
stereotypes and that sort of thing ?
one thing the politically correct do to make the situation worse is to see things in black and white .
it was nt a foible with him , not a propensity to bore his relatives and friends and beg their indulgence ; it was the most serious thing in the world .
she cleaned up the lunch things , putting the remainder of the egg salad into a plastic container and rinsing the dishes and putting them into the dishwasher .
it was a small thing , an accident , and besides , she looked so vulnerable and defenseless that he was moved to a moment of recognition .
all this was fairly typical of their nights ; the one thing that was anomalous was that they did nt discuss bill and becky , nor were the phone calls on that subject .
this thing is all one - sided .
so you see , its not a casual thing with me to make sure of you .
because it was no big thing , he lied .
after the second miscarriage her father grew distant , and after the third , he hardly paid attention to either his wife or his daughter , except when he was irritated with them for some silly little thing .
while sipping what remained of coffee in his mug , pre patou withdrew from the pocket of his cassock the letter m. meunier , the village postman , had delivered to the rectory first thing in the morning .
and if it 's a woman thing , she 'll feel more comfortable .
well , it just so happens that , while i was waiting for my coffee to brew , i too was thinking things over .
the dialogue between the woman in the green dress andlets just call him the manis anticlimactic , a transparent device to wrap things up for the reader .
it took her so by surprise that she stammered out that it seemed to her that truth kept changing , and it was such a personal thing that no one could really know .
the important thing is , we survived , lydia .
just my little thing .
she figured it might be a private thing and if it were really important shed be straightened out eventually .
they worked on the flies while he cleaned up things in the milkhouse and then knocked back the old wood stanchions , one by one , the cows pivoting in turnheading towards the open door and the gate .
she has held it all back in these last years , storing the accumulation of the past like treasures , like reserves drawn up in the battle , but there always was and is one more thing .
they considered both the back door and the storm cellar door , which mchugh used to get in his wood , measuring things up good .
sometimes he would change his other c = s to a c just to make it look like the whole thing was symmetric .
in the stranger , religion never played a role in meursault = s life and supposedly he was too stubborn to try and be open - minded about the whole thing .
soon enough they proceeded to kissing again , and the next thing he knew he had the best sex of his life .
he was still downplaying the whole thing , pretending like he didn = t believe her deadline .
as flittery and nervous and annoyed as lloyd could be with the little things , he had no qualms about the big thing he was doing .
next thing you know i am on trial for blasphemy , which is ironic , because i am the son of god , you know ?
n she start in ta yellin at me that she live in this house for near on 35 years and she never changed a thing outta respect for her mother - in - law who lived here longer n that .
he d get angry over the least little thing and beat her , hitting her in the stomach and then yelling at her that his son would be born deformed and it would be her fault for making him angry .
oh , another thing .
alex is right about one thing .
for one thing it was still a backup plan to be implemented only if he could nt find clearly labeled hospital refuse on the bottom of the pond .
the one thing she was thinking about when she told lynn she did nt know everything about myron was how he got along with children .
the thing to decide was how much to offer them .
and , oh , one more thing .
i discovered most of them were interested in just one thing .
i can take credit for one thing , though .
but i ve been thinkin about one thing that might make sissy less huffy .
the only question he was really interested in having answered was the one thing mr . ryan refused to address .
but she did nt sufferthats the important thing .
one thing he did nt say much about , especially in the beginning , was personal information .
it would be some vague thing like quality of life in our beloved town .
anyways , one thing undecided is where well hold the demonstration .
one thing he was sure ofit was nt going to be easy .
it was the connection to chris that motivated patti ; soon after the thing was settled and it made no difference to chris ( at that time they did not even know where he was ) , quickly she became morose and inward again , living mechanically and a stranger to joy .
this suit is the most important thing in their life .
he saw in his minds eye dave walking from the bathroom where he d just peed , his arms outstretched for balance , looking like a walking crucifix and with his face screwed up in a look of intense concentration as if what he was doing was the most important thing in the world .
of one thing she was very sure : the news must have distressed her father mightily and edward must have used all his skill in handling the old man to get him to accept his conversion .
martha thought that she was a good christian , which was the most important thing .
and that was not the only thing that made him feel self - conscious .
but of course it too was another thing she could not speak of .
but one thing i m quite sure aboutit does nt take rules and obedience to them to be a good human being .
society , the whole thing .
and there was one embarrassing thing that concerned jeremy .
they had a quiet dinner of stir fried chicken and vegetables , cooking and cleaning up together and talking about pleasant things like finishing furniture and the kinds of clothes and colors that suited charlies face and physique .
the crisis having passed , he relaxed a little , but not so much that as they started driving through the streets of portland he stupidly forgot himself and asked her the first thing that popped into his mind .
time gave their love urgency and perspective , reminding them that they were not giddy kids anymore , and the egoism of new love was tempered with the knowledge that sweet martha was entrapped , that they owed duty and respect to their mothers and others in their lives who were loved in a different way , and that practical things like jobs and course selection and transportation all had to be taken care of .
they did nt talk much , mostly communicating their thoughts and feelings through touch and only occasionally becoming aware of things outside of themselves such as when passing a farm they heard cathy say , oh , look at those beautiful horses , and looking up to see the grazing horses and colts all with chestnut coats gleaming in the sun .
some people say it was necessary to make calendars to know when to plant food but once food became predictable and plentiful and hierarchy came in the wake of surplus , and with it vanity and ego and a need to control all of nature , well of course , it all had to be justified somehow , had to be given some special permanency in the overall scheme of things .
' that 's another thing , why alone ?
next thing i knew i was standing on the pavement outside georges .
the painting thing is part of it but , frankly mickey , compared with the rest of you , where does he fit ?
next thing i know , he s taking me down to the golf club and paying for lessons from the pro .
if we ca nt shelter one casualty of war , the only one to seek refuge here , were not worth a thing .
i ca nt say it was one thing , like her nose , or her eyes , it was the collective configuration of all her features that beset my heart , as if some higher force had moulded them from the most valuable cuts of flesh and cartilage and aligned each without flaw or heedlessness .
ai nt no big thing .
i started to feel superstitious about the whole thing .
he s almost got the entire thing down his gullet .
well , you ve got me on that one , but one more thing .
and one more thing , lets go dutch .
i thought about only one thing - how to get back home faster .
and the most important thing is what i do , the essence , as sensei said .
the important thing for me was what was going on inside .
the most important thing is not what you show off to the outside world , but what you think and do .
and despite the fact that we are celebrating it in the hospital , the most important thing is that we are celebrating it in the company of such wonderful people .
and the most important thing is to feel this place , to feel in particular your center of gravity .
the main thing is that you understood it .
andrew yelled at him as though he had ruined the most sacred thing , master 's fist should strike your body and his leg should strike your muzzle !
the most important thing was that in the dream everything was absolutely clear , i had a real sense of all those events , i knew that it was very important .
twenty million dollars was hardly the kind of money to throw away , and besides , there was the principle of the thing .
every night he mutters under his breath while fetching drinks or grabbing a dessert , and he complains back in the kitchen about the incredible unfairness of the whole thing .
my baby will be the most important thing in our lives .
` ` for one thing , if they catch it early it is nt as severe .
its not going to be my own personal thing anymore .
frequently , however , the whole thing can seem hilariously absurd and unintentionally wonderful .
the only thing they were n't sure about was when he would decide to confess his love for her , so they made a bet .
work on one thing at a time , right ?
she was talking a blue streak , as if the whole thing could be cleared up with words .
for one thing , if what you say is true , that the woman was a professional , then eventually she would have gotten to the bottom of his money .
i wash it by hand in icy water , use a yellow bar of naphtha soap on the stains , rinse it endlessly , wring it out , hang it up to dry , taking a full ten or fifteen minutes to smooth the whole thing out .
next thing i know i find myself at a formica table in his kitchen .
the special place takes care of things like that . ''
the second thing must be to pick the eggplant .
in all of the verbiage , the only thing that nita felt that she need attend to was the violent spray accompanying herlicks words .
the important thing to me is nt that i ve had periods of boredom , but , rather , that those periods have nt lasted .
the only thing that has become clear from all of this is that i , and probably everyone who has been in a situation like mine , must begin to think like a buddhist .
that s the most important thing in an army .
as if a life plan was the most common thing in the world .
and next thing i know were looking at this group having a picnic outdoors on a summer day .
for a moment i longed for that independent , tough cassy personality , insistent on doing things on her own , owing no one a thing .
if this is enough christmas for you , i ve already told everyone to hold up because the whole thing might be off the table .
before you answer my question , he said , take into account one thing .
he took care of many things that were not meant to be the duty of a butler , such as household finances , the on - going maintenance of their homes and properties in different corners of the country , organizing their parties with important people , and numerous other tasks for which barbara and leon could trust nobody else .
too much effort for such a trivial thing .
terrible thing , of course , but he should face it .
` ` anything you want , except one thing .
but , nevertheless , one thing is clear to me .
modest little thing with her feather - hair .
but estoban came from a country where things are done differently .
so lenny , things went pear shaped for you too .
it 's just a chemistry thing , she supposes .
` ` no , the massage thing .
zoe asks , not to be distracted from the closest thing they have to a plan .
` ` one other thing , '' zeph adds .
for one thing , the edge of the gutter was much sharper than the steel pipe of the swing frame .
you know how sometimes things just fall into place ?
and then this morning , what is the first thing we talk about in my intervention class : the positive side effects of recreational therapy .
the important thing is that you try to find out .
one more thing you may want to think about , lewis blurted out before i made my way down the steps .
before we go any further mr . anderson , one thing that may be of interest to you , in case you ca nt remember .
if the people you re looking for up there actually live any way we can imagine , then , yeah , some of them are sitting around their version of home , relaxing , and looking up into their night sky wondering the same thing .
the thing she and bill had realized too late was in the spacing of their children .
i never had a problem with accepting that there are some folks who can work miracles , or affect reality in ways science does nt quite have a bead on yet ; i did a lot of reading in college about psychic phenomena and the fascinating government and military research done in this area , and about documented native american shamanic healings , things like this , and i had no problem accepting there were folks capable of this stuff- i just did nt see why people had to revert to baboon consciousness and deify them .
as for the other thing , i do nt think its me exactly that can do it anyway .
my instructions to the students were as such : right now , i want you all to turn to the person sitting adjacent to you and try to imagine what the most important thing is in that persons life .
one thing was certain : he had no qualms about his unkempt appearance .
this whole thing has been brewing in your mind like a poison , corb .
there s one thing that troubles me , i admitted .
as i told you right from the beginning , he advised , you got to be a lot keener than that when focusing your eyes on things around this place .
one thing was irrefutable , however , and that was leons throttlehold over my life .
ill make some coffee and we can talk things over .
one thing is certain , i said .
in isolation , a man had no choice but to confront the one thing that he neglected to examine routinely : his own conscience .
henry was nt sure how he was going to feel once the hand of god finally did reach out for him with one last immutable grip , but he was absolutely certain about one thing .
just one more thing please .
after all , catherines father and the fbi were experts at this sort of thing .
as far as miles could tell , catherine seemed oblivious to the entire thing .
it was pretty clear that if god had a message for the world , he would want it distributed to as wide an audience as possible , and miles agreed with god on at least one thing : we love you was an important message for the world .
things are going as planned and everything is almost in place , continued friendly but tired sounding voice .
taking care of things at the clinic was simply the right thing to do .
it was his last remaining hope of finding some treasure and having a successful trip before he had to wrap things up and head back to his galleries and daily duties in the big apple .
just one more thing then , said the voice on the phone with a far - less confident tone than usual .
a doctor , really ... remarked allan , somewhat surprised and intrigued that a physician would be involved in such a thing .
one more thing , continued david .
not wanting to be a burden in any way when he had first joined the team , khalis had worked at an even more exhausting pace than was his norm in order to get up to speed on things , especially in the area of team communications .
we do have one thing that is interesting that just came in as a result of a wide - band data analysis that was being conducted , answered david , now sounding somewhat reassuringly hopeful .
everywhere steve looked there seemed to be some kind of aircraft in the sky or a boat in the water , and all of them seemed to be interested in only one thing the presence and progress of the old - fashioned , caravel - style pirate ship that was currently cutting a carefree wake through the atypically calm waters of san francisco bay .
just one more thing turner , i think that ship really is meant to be a part of your collection , so i am sure it will work out somehow .
destroying the credibility and viability of witnesses was not a problem , allan already had plenty of experience with that sort of thing .
there s another thing we need to talk about .
the possibility of war was the last thing that she wanted to think about .
do nt worry about that , but we should go now so we can get the whole thing done with as soon as possible .
i do nt know why you think i m an expert on this sort a thing .
had a lawyer come by the day fore yesterday an got the whole thing singed up an legal .
she would nt deny a thing , even if she exaggerated the story .
she did nt think that andy had been right about going to his place , but he d been right about one thing .
that s the most important thing you know .
i really ca nt be thinking of this sort of thing now .
its not the sort of thing that i want to talk about over the phone .
thomas was right about that one thing .
i was the one who kept the string of women , even though i blamed her for the smallest thing .
he made a thing of it , almost part of his act .
nothing , that s just my thing .
its my job to keep her focused on one thing at a time .
as long as he leaves first thing in the morning , when the ice melts .
ill take her first thing .
now its the only thing i think about the rest of the afternoon .
the other thing , which only red knew about the safe , but no one else knew , was that it expelled all of the oxygen , slowly , after the door closed .
i was just telling her about summer rental and then the next thing i knew ...
but patricks the real thing .
did they have a cup of coffee together and talk things over ?
for one thing , the initial note was very formal , not like the usual happy - go - lucky lucky they knew .
` ` your grandfather is n't , that 's one thing for sure , '' the old woman mused .
my mind wandered to him and the next thing i know , i m in some pitch black room and he s there .
the accident and emergency department and hospital wings were as quiet as usual first thing in the morning : there s always time for things to change ... she thoughtin my life : it always gets busy as soon as i think its going to be a quiet day !
as it is , we are entirely comfortable meeting in a public place such as this to discuss important things such as the best ways to put in place a framework for the long - term .
in the larger scheme of things , if there is any divine being it seems highly unlikely that he would be any more concerned about the strife of the human race than we are concerned about the suffering within an anthill in a back garden after the lawn - care man has come by or by the fighting of dogs in the street .
do not rebel like an immature teenager from his parent but accept with dignity and poise your place in the greater order of things along with both the blessings and the reversals dealt to you by fortune .
imagine what it would be like to learn a new language , a different way to think about the same thing .
he stared at one point on a faraway leaf and focussed on other things .
eating was the last thing on my mind because i still wanted to meet more people at the hostel .
it was amusing watching her be so mad for what i thought was such a little thing .
i just wanted to talk to you and ronda about a few things before leaving the area .
except the one thing , of course , which she had noticed first of all : oh , and relatives is spelled with an a , rel - a - tives , not with an i , rel - i - tives .
the bear did nt even try , sitting in plain view just outside the door , inspecting his paws very thoroughly , as if the last thing he was interested in was the conversation within .
: netoniel : brother , sister , father , mother , son , daughter , angel , devil , genius , coward , escapeeno one could really tell , or keep track , he changed so oftenwas also quite sure that he could not , or would not if he could ; well , perhaps he would , only perhaps , if he could , but he could not , not any more , not for some time now , do anything about the spreading fire , his clever mirror , the growing blanket , for the thing had gotten out of hand .
i sense , when i look in your direction , that you re having a spot of trouble with the girl and sex thing .
he rose , too , and took itit was warm , and , yes , friendlyshook it , and felt very good about things .
his compassion then sank into the practicality of the thing facing him and his lawyery self rose to the surface , suddenly annoyed at the obvious trouble laying ahead .
karen was right about one thing though , bill needed help .
but other than that one thing , things were going so well .
maybe you should take it a little easier with the music thing .
i was thinking more about her thing with music , its every free moment she has now .
and i was thinking that maybe this music thing was getting too much and was getting to her , somehow .
and what it really means is that she feels embarrassed about it , possibly even a little defensive about the whole thing .
it was much easier to simply stop thinking about it and let the whole thing slide .
things were falling into place nicely .
the only thing that worried her ... , no , it was nt really a worry , just something that would not altogether go away , something like a shadow that hung around and nudged against her now and then .
the important thing was that this was his , all his : his from the outset , his discovery , his research , his paper .
one thing you need to look at is that the objective , as a whole , is just as illusory as any perception , or vision , you may have that suggests it .
there was one more thing he had to do .
then she spoke again : one more thing .
and there s another thing , said her mom .
then another thing occurred to her , and not for the first time , and at length she spoke , tentatively .
another thing that is often left out , believe it or not , is to whom the patient is to be released .
and to make things worse , here rose the recent memory of completely losing her nerve in brads hospital room during their first attempt .
always one more thing , she thought , one more thing .
always one more thing , she thought , one more thing .
another thing that had slipped her mind .
another thing , though , anne said .
first thing , what ?
then a thought , one more thing , jim .
but other than that , there is only the one thing on your mind .
but the one thing harry did take away from his research , was that the phenomenon , though by no means common , was not unheard of eitherhundreds of cases had been documented over the years , many of these successfully treated according to the journals he found in the library .
handle the whole thing .
he made several calls , discussed pretty much the same thing : the tally , the coming season .
the pine withdrew and thought of other things for a while , say temperature , or moisture , or whether all pines were the same one pine , or were truly individual , one pine to the next .
yes , he had really thought this thing all the way through .
questions had already begun to accumulate , it was automatic with her , as with any of her colleagues : things that did nt make sense , or did nt fall neatly into place .
i suggest we do nt do a damn thing with it .
he had not thought this thing through , not nearly enough .
still mulling things over , said the tall pine .
it was not a thing he told others about , as a rule .
its not our place to change the course of things , said harrys pine .
she tried to focus on other things , writing for instance ; even went so far as to turn her notebook computer on ; even went so far as to open up the last opening chapter in the word processor ; even went so far as to read the last paragraph again , and again , and again , but here she derailed , letters not connecting into words , or if they did , words not connecting with meanings , intended concepts elusive , the paragraph so much black against so much white , and all she really could think about : warmth and warmth and the need to relieve or quench or blossom it .
sometimes i do nt notice it , how long they are ; they spin by so fast you never stand still long enough to worry about things like that , there s just one thing after another to take care of .
sometimes i do nt notice it , how long they are ; they spin by so fast you never stand still long enough to worry about things like that , there s just one thing after another to take care of .
jealousy is a strange thing , so very monomaniacal , there is only one side to things , and that side always gives you cause to .
taste is another small thing small things but taste is not really what you taste its really what you smell for taste buds can only tell sweet sour salt and bitter apart from what i hear and the rest of it all that good food and her delicious tongue which gives me another erection is really smell from the top of your mouth and not taste at all but its so warm and she moves it around when she kisses me and she reminds me of my cat very content .
taste is another small thing small things but taste is not really what you taste its really what you smell for taste buds can only tell sweet sour salt and bitter apart from what i hear and the rest of it all that good food and her delicious tongue which gives me another erection is really smell from the top of your mouth and not taste at all but its so warm and she moves it around when she kisses me and she reminds me of my cat very content .
then the fire engines pulled up , two of them , as well as an ambulance , and things got very busy around the elm and juniper who bothfeeling the heat emanate from the burning house , as if the fire was looking for them , for something more alive to consumewere very grateful for all the water they cascaded upon harman - karmans house .
rival factions were quick to point out that this was one of the lamer admissions of failure they d ever seen , and so flew printed mud back and forth for a while until the whole thing died down .
his clockwork mind was adding things up , fitting bit and pieces into place and found the fit just right , making his head nod : yes , feasible .
bishop , said harrys pine into the rush of things .
and the thing undone , like a gnat that refuses to settle down , intent instead on exploring his ear , kept him awake .
of course , there would be no close - up video of oates and the woman in flames , but considering , that was a small price to pay ; the important thing was that they were in fact burned , and stopped , those were his overriding orders .
it 'd been mostly a sexual thing anyway , i say , and that she was just too crazy for me .
i ' m so focused and driven on this thing , i ' m knocking it out of the park .
we work as a team trying to explain the whole thing to kara , the novel , the plan , the deception , the sex , et cetera .
when i asked for paper towels to do some cleaning they said they only used cloth towels and rags for that sort of thing you know , for the environment 's sake .
all through supper , until i could nt listen anymore and so i spoilt it , which is why i m sitting in the second double bedroom , the one with the candy floss pink blanket , slowly unpacking a few things from my bags and placing them half - heartedly in the flimsy pine wardrobe , hanging one or two hopeful summer dresses on wire coat hangers .
oh , it was just a generational thing , her husband said dismissively , now were guzzlers and stuffers just like the rest of the first world .
the man certainly had an eye for this kind of thing , though .
for one thing , she had no money for rent , so the only option available was to move out of her lodgings and work as a live - in maid at the house of josefinas former employers , as she waited for her half - father to come through with her share of the inheritance .
and then when everything went silent , she did nt want to so much as move from the chair because the last thing she wanted to do was attract attention to herself .
on the relevance of principles bunnu found out , shortly before he left , that another thing that diogenes had wanted to talk to motiwala about was the fact that the viceroy was suggesting that diogenes send him abroad to a special school to continue his education .
accordingly , to bunnu , the only thing conceivably beyond the reproach of doubt was that he existed right now and in this moment , but that too seemed uncertain .
` ` one thing the thinkers like to point out is that we ' ve never traced two paired quantum particles heading out into space in opposite directions , for , say , a light - week , and then change the polarity of one and see the instant polarity - change of its twin , now two light - weeks away . ''
if he could have scripted the weather , he would not have changed a thing .
this was another thing which julian had considered ; often , and at some depth .
and things refused to fall into place .
the tightness in his stomach refused to yield , and he speculatedwith good reasonthat his boss was talking to his own superiors about the very thing roth was there to discuss .
europe was one thing , they could try things at arms length .
europe was one thing , they could try things at arms length .
no , ruth told him on more than one occasion , the important thing was that the trial be televised .
although they talked about designing , and drafting , and about building permits , and structural integrity , by myadmittedly limitedobservation they seemed to spend most of their days over meals with clients where no such things were discussed ; instead the topics ranged from hunting to gardening to cricket to the damn rain , good for the grass though , do nt you think ?
harriet , howeverin light of my internal hysteria , which must have been noticeable to herseemed unnaturally calm about the whole thing .
i looked at the tree , rising some twenty feet up toward the ceiling , perfumed , i swear , by gallons of christmas , to put one and all in the spirit of things .
to be honest , i had nt noticed beforeit was not very apparentbut its the kind of thing that makes itself plain when you share small quarters with a woman , even if its your mother : she did nt wear any makeup .
for one thing , bashkar was a little older , though not by much , and he was also longer , and strongerthere to help her should the need arise .
madhuri knew only one thing : she must not look away , she must not lose sight of the bird and the snake .
all of them tried to catch the sun and throw it in her eyes , but for one thing , the angle was all wrong this late in the season , and for another , the sun went into a cloud and then there was no sun to throw .
harriet , meanwhilethe focus of all this journalistic attentionseemed oblivious to the whole thing .
the one thing she tried to hide from cameras .
not to mention that other thing .
: i had yet to reach the age where death was a thing that had to be faced , or even considered ; at least not with any real degree of gravity .
i can stay here and have moss and bland take care of things , do what they tell me .
a thing he worked on for the rest of the day and well into the evening .
` ` yeah , but there 's one more thing - you got to take this pig . ''
the co smiled blandly - one more ceremonial thing off his plate for the day - and he turned to and thanked my father , and cms bores responded with appropriate politeness .
but just remember one thing : while you 're spreading oklahoma values and goodwill all over the place , you better keep an eye out for that pretty little sister of yours . ''
( for one thing they were vegetarians and lately he had been really hungry all the time and low blood sugar .
he made it sound like it was a big thing .
even if you ignored his lectures you could tell he enjoyed the whole teaching thing , not just going through the motions like a lot of them .
but , one more thing .
headless perception is a delicate thing .
but , i say , i m hung up on one thing in your story about these trees .
you are one twisted bitch , i mutter to myself and decide to push the whole thing out of my mind .
but , whatever makes brother george the sort of person that he is , one thing is certain kerem has to live with it for the next four years .
the result will be that our son will be even worse treated than he was before , because a man like brother george wo nt let a thing like that rest .
that s one thing that does nt change children trying to hurry their parents , children saying , do nt give us stories about the past , give us your ideas about here and now , and do it quickly , so that we can move on .
my mother sprinkled some nutmeg over the dish she was preparing and said , one thing is for sure she might be the first one to say that shell marry you , but she wo nt be the last one .
was there ever a proper time for a thing like this ?
i wanted to say , hey , if it makes you so unhappy , why not give the whole thing up and start afresh ?
with everything else going on at the same time , i did nt want to well , you know , one thing at a time .
as we left the restaurant , arbuthnoir stopped , put up his hand , and remarked , you know , kerem , there s one more thing .
anyway , comrade , one thing is for sure , and that is that neither you nor sanomi nor anyone else that you know is ever going to see that money .
it is all right , but is thing that you owed us to say of so much main point to organize all it is manfrina ?
however it was a thing that i postponed , as the examinations of the university that i moved in september to do from april yes that they were so distant from not to exist .
you / he / she had been entering my house for forty minutes and we were already quarreling ; after all the thing did n't catch me .
i had reached even the point to write us on this thing : it disperses her , the history of a novelist that he / she works every night and it cancels every morning penelope of a book that he / she will never read .
thanks of thing ?
but thing ?
well have a good time you , you / he / she has said , but it seemed that the thing did n't interest a lot him and it was strange because mr . mario had to kind curiosity toward what happened me .
is it an important thing ?
it is right , but thing i should tell her ?
chicken insisted because we went to the beach , gianca insisted because we went to the mercatinis considering that it absolutely had to buy the underwater mask to go to the beach , david you / he / she has begun to insist because we satisfied the two idiots , threatening with suppressing them with the strength if mark and i had not resolved the thing .
for first thing , as in the most classical of the appointments , is sat to the tavolinis of a cafe there and we have ordered to drink .
normal thing ?
alone gianca had remained some out of the hits of life , but in effects you / he / she had always gone so in past and the thing had never upset him / it particularly .
secret of thing ?
here thing i have to lose !
the only thing is that owe us to move to decide the sketch !
have given by and large him some indications on what is the theme , has said that prepared us some squirt , but owe all to be sure on thing want !
you do n't like thing of the job that you now do ?
after all on a lot of things you / he / she has always been right mr . mario : you / he / she khan be striven us to pick up confirmations on the motives for the trip or on the destination , but then he risks to lose all the particular the landscape that races us before and it is ended up ruining the whole aroma the whole taste .
the only thing is to find out her address ! ''
perhaps he had daughters growing up like that , ` ` looking like ladies and refined '' with pretensions to gentility and smartness ... . ` ` the chief thing is , '' raskolnikov persisted , ` ` to keep her out of this scoundrel 's hands !
he had still the most important thing to doto steal the axe from the kitchen .
it was the one thing the landlady was always scolding her about .
and he pursued the alley of tiny animal corpses and the rats and the frogs and the crabs and the mudfish and the large green insects and the occasional pigeon had all chosen rather unusual stances to die in and death and decomposition made them all look very guilty , of their own death and of many other things the sewer had never truly cared about .
and the courses were brief and the work a thing of mirrors and translations and the browncoat had as always more than enough time for staring and walking .
one thing did really piss me off , willa said .
it crossed chriss mind that trent must be ill . his brother slept lightly and rose early , always ready for the next thing .
say , one more thing .
this place was only ever meant as a cabin in the woods , but things got out of hand .
but one thing for sure , it did nt involve going to work anywhere near goldman sachs .
but let me tell you upfront i am worried about one thing .
one more thing , sir , if you please .
it was the one personal thing she had between her mother and herself .
we have one more thing to do today .
he did nt mention the most important thing .
he was so worried about the french police and the gestapo , he forgot about that important thing .
except one thing , you have no money , you have no identity card , you have no ticket , you have no travel permit .
but before he gets back , there is one thing that interests me .
the only thing on our minds was all the money we had taken in , mostly in quarters that created a rather large bulge in our small pockets .
as i walked up to the side of the car , being hurt or attacked by this guy was the last thing on my mind .
though parties are another thing to my mind .
no single task was difficult , but a lot happened at the same time and the situation changed from minute to minute so it was easy to lose track of one thing or another .
i knew better than to wreck a good thing with impatience .
the only thing i had to look forward to , now , was going to university in september and that was frightening in its own way .
randal let a moment for philosophical mediation elapse before saying , there s another thing , though .
there s just one thing .
there s just one last thing , i said .
for one thing , you should be in school !
sarah was debating the beauty of differences in the song lets call the whole thing off .
one other thing , she added , remembering .
people respect her for iti think its a guinness world record , toobut in my opinion she still does nt get the respect she deserves for what she s done over there , probably because she s a woman and that kind of thing .
and it would be great if the only thing people were interested in is my stats .
i mean , because the last time i knew you , serving the lord was the last thing on your mind .
the next thing i knew , her car had plummeted over the side .
it may seem as though it would be one thing to prove the existence and form of a fourth dimension , but an entirely different thing to maneuver there - in .
its just that he did nt seem interested in that sort of thing .
the only thing that needed help was meals , and he was happy to help there .
the next thing she knew , the people were both brandishing weapons !
he liked johnny already , and he had been wondering the same thing .
the others grabbed his arms , and the next thing he knew , he was taking one hit after another ; stomach , face and groin were pounded indiscriminately .
they think that she will be able to share all of our technology , and then the aliens will be on our doorstep the next thing that we know .
maybe when things calm down , ill be looked at sympathetically , and have some place in this whole history .
the next thing he knew , a flash of light came from that ship , and something was speeding from it , and heading his way .
the most important thing was for her to protect her secrets .
both linda and molly loved to wear black , but linda was trying to look sophisticated while molly had an emo - scene thing going .
from his perspective , though , as was the case after they graduated high school , love is a certainty , not a thing we question or second - guess .
` ` one thing though ? ''
the important thing is to get rid of them .
ok , ill tell you one thing that i think might be a problem .
she left him alone most of the morning to play his video games , except for four different requests for him to help her for just a minute , to move a piece of furniture in her bedroom , to reach a jar on a shelf in the kitchen , to wipe a part of a light fixture that she could nt reach ( josh could nt help but notice that it seemed to be the only thing in the dining room that was being cleaned ) and to see if there was a screwdriver way back under the couch .
she s opening a restaurant , and her ex - husband is harassing her , and i m hiding some things for her , until the place opens .
` ` kevin does n't do excited , '' aaron agreed , ` ` but since exy is the only thing he cares about , no one wants you on our court more than he does . ''
he ground the ash in with a shoe , stuffed what was left of the butt into his pack for later , and kicked his things into some semblance of order .
right now , the window was the only thing that really mattered .
maybe it slipped his mind when he medicated saturday night , but it was a big thing to forget .
she was a perky teaching assistant who acted like freshman composition was the greatest thing they 'd ever study at palmetto state .
she brought up the past as if it was the only thing that mattered .
that was the only thing that worried him in his mothers grand plan .
but i will admit i can not trust any one of you and i will be watching every single thing on this ship . '
the kingship and power was the last thing on his mind all he wanted was bri .
one thing was certain however , and that was that the dawsley estate was the largest home on the small island of atlantia .
were gon na sit here until we fix at least one thing .
he actually acquired the endorsement that saved the whole thing .
such a delicate thing .
thought i could buy the boskie farm , but werther does n't bluff on some things '' ray blinked and decided that he would buy the farm .
too many things to consider now , with his mind already made up to expand the farm .
fergusson approached davey timidly , it was one thing to operate behind the protection of his master , it was quite another to involve himself directly , mr quirk rapped his cane which provided all the encouragement he needed .
one thing 's for sure that quirk feller 's upsetting him , he had another go at him today . ''
` ` tell yer what lad , leave that for now , the main thing is that we find out how to help the girl .
look at the poor wee thing .
ajust one thing son , you know what mrs m 's like , with the cups , you know , do n't be getting yourself involved in anything like that will you .
try as he might he could hardly begin to build up a picture of everything that had happened , the one thing he remained sure of was that the girl was in carnatic and he had to do something to save her , but what ?
ai think we can agree on one thing before we go any further old man , the gold was stolen by spain , if it should end up going elsewhere then that is perfectly satisfactory .
@ the old man continued , aone thing is for certain , the shaman must possess a body to be able to retrieve the helmet .
@ athe future is a myriad of possibilities , but one thing is for certain , the child will live with you for many years .
@ awe can not know what o'neill 's fate may have been without the interference of the skulls but one thing is definite , did the skulls themselves not say they feared the signs he carried .
one thing 's for sure , he 's up to no good , unless he just likes sittin ' in the top of trees with a telescope .
he even apologised to her , offered a substantial supply of sorry , as though the whole thing were his fault .
seems more like a chick thing .
do nt worry about a thing , sir .
not a kinky sex thing , i hope .
so why not just let the whole thing drop ?
first thing , joan says .
nobodys been introduced etiquette is nt a guy thing .
i m lucky to have a place to get away to , far from the grasp of sheriff lott and the baptist mafia that s running things now .
this , somehow , is the only thing that ever mattered .
is it a gender thing ?
you 'll eventually learn songs to pick with your fingers , but the important thing right now is to establish the basics .
alone with his lover and his leopard , the only thing that mattered was ending hank adaline .
now it would be necessary to put everything into place and hope that things would work out as he envisioned .
did he think of the assignment that morning and did nt get around to figuring out the whole thing ?
you know , you were right about one thing .
it was a good thing that andy had already received his prize , or the attendant may not have given it .
the last thing i wanted was some third - degree that would pick apart my night and make me defensive about it .
how the littlest thing could cause me to react .
the important thing is that we get the ball now .
the next thing i knew i was being pulled into a nearby alley .
the most important thing i learned ?
it was like becca had one thing on her mind and she did nt care who knew .
you know , that s not really our thing .
it was a good thing he helped me , otherwise , i really would have lost my balance .
but , i did get there in time , which was the important thing .
that is why i have celestially been paying vigilant attention , keeping a record , and being very professional about the whole thing .
he could ' ve forgotten about the whole thing . ''
at first i thought it was a security thing , but then i started thinking we were being observed .
dylan stopped to catch his breath as he admired the scene , but then a familiar sound rang out through the woods and the next thing he knew he d been knocked flat on his back with warm blood oozing from the buckshot holes spreading out across his shoulder and onto his chest .
they casually discussed things at dinner like the dragon that was nesting in their forest and how the earth faeries moved out of that vicinity and the fire faeries moved in .
if there was one thing in this life more important to him than his children 's education , it was regular church attendance .
the only other things i thought of were whether my child had had enough fruit and vegetables in her diet , and if she wanted to play or needed help with her homework .
it was scattered and unremarkable , except for the touch of the thing , and the nature of its tones were an everyday thing for me at that point .
never used to be into that kind of thing .
it was my secret , my own little thing that was all mine and had nothing to do with my ordinary life with my family in powelton village .
the sage helps clear things , she explained .
` ` ... and by concentrating upon one 's minor place within the overall scheme of things , ones negative residual emotions would somehow solidify and finally pass on out of the body physical .
once he was centered and his fears were accounted for he gathered my powers of concentration about him like a secure cloak in the face of an onrushing storm -- for one thing , at least was certain , and that was the meeting between the approaching force that appeared to be plotting its own course and harry -- whose direction , whose very life was about to be suddenly and irrevocably altered .
that incensed me , of course , and i decided i was going to complete this thing and , ahead of rod .
getting there , it seemed , was a bigger thing than he d ever imagined .
first thing , sister cleary said , patting the black bag lying beneath the high wingback chair where she was seated .
the most important thing was that she would have performed gods will , and would be rewarded with her own child by god himself .
i was just trying to guess where she was going with the whole thing .
the whole thing would have been so much easier if i d just been cast as a snowflake .
for one thing , adam was afraid that if lyle found that he committed suicide so he could be first , lyle might prevent the cloning .
but there was one more thing i wanted to arrange before we left .
the important thing , she would say , was to make every day unprecedented and memorable in some small way .
for another thing , traces of cat urine were found on his tire , and it was soon determined that said urine was courtesy of none other than our cat blue .
once you release that burst , you 'll know you ' ve found your true calling in life , the only thing that matters , the thing that everything else is secondary to .
for one thing , he was only a few years older than me , which precluded any wizened elder role , and had n't gained anything from all that writing other than a heap of manuscripts , all of them unpublished and possibly unpublishable .
the next thing i knew he was in someones yard and going crazy .
from the opening story of chism to the closing goddamned past full of sex , the whole thing is wordy , silly , fraught with a look at me sensibility .
really , it was such a slight thing , their rift , so easily repaired .
i had convinced myself that they were pure and that the main thing , the important thing , was to get this book into print and into wide distribution , where it could , rightly or wrongly , upset the placid and smug and dull ship of state that was modern fiction .
i had convinced myself that they were pure and that the main thing , the important thing , was to get this book into print and into wide distribution , where it could , rightly or wrongly , upset the placid and smug and dull ship of state that was modern fiction .
the important thing , the only thing , was to get anima into bookstores , onto library shelves , into the right critics hands , to get the damn thing recognized .
the important thing , the only thing , was to get anima into bookstores , onto library shelves , into the right critics hands , to get the damn thing recognized .
his hunch about his luck proved wrong , one less thing for him to be certain about , though he would nt see it that way , would he ?
unbound in potentials for discoveries even in the most mundane ; the world is always such a large place , in childhood ... ... one thing was the seating .
because for one thing , in order to measure where they may be right now , neither knows of the speed that is in force , in terms of the motion of the bus they are in .
but the important thing is that according to the latest information , the mundayne soldiers that we chased out of here were not harmed when they went back home , and i m going to need you and commander alexander with me in munda when i make my move .
i was aware that the governor was funneling strong feelings away from me and toward another thing .
he shrugged , mumbled , ` ` seemed like a small thing .
and another thing , abbey said , have you read this book , catcher in the rye ?
ach , there 's one thing .
it is the only thing that gives me peace , even when i ve messed things up so badly that i do nt know what my next step will be .
one thing was for sure : she had no stones to throw .
together they had sweet talked the store manager and paid for the small trinkets , downplayed the whole thing to a misunderstanding to jackie and jjs parents .
it does seem to me that things are escalating very quickly based on just a few bad apples .
that got another round of giggles , but nobody wanted to discuss that sort of thing further . )
lately her mom was getting misty eyed over every little thing , it was embarrassing .
as if the whole thing was already settled , that there was no question about jackie getting accepted somewhere , packing her bags , knowing what to take , how to fit in .
take the whole thing to your fathers saturday , she said .
lack of action threatened to grind the whole thing to a halt .
the central cadre of people , who were grouped around and now avidly shouting their preferences for target areas , ignored the whole thing .
or probably a lot of these guys would rather just talk the whole thing out some more .
karen felt herself compartmentalizing the whole thing .
after a moments silence , during which she wondered if he d heard her at all , jj said , the whole thing seems like kind of a waste of time .
the one thing he could note with any sort of pride was how the whole percent thing was taking hold in the lexicon .
i mean , none of this is really my thing .
while graham was opposed to the whole thing the music , the fashions , the precociousness julia was probably secretly pleased that the old order of things was being challenged .
that type of thing was in the outreaches of my mind normally .
she realized that as relationships progress things become more intimate but there was a time and place for everything and she did nt want a relationship rushed along just to get to the intimate part .
early in the evening she took a break to get dinner , a hot meal this time , her favorite was hot roast beef sandwich with mashed potatoes and gravy smothering the whole thing .
kaylee agreed with her assessment and knew deep inside that the choice was easy , there was no way she could just drop this whole thing , she had to find out who is behind this attack on her sanity .
sarah continually tried to focus her on their task at hand but kaylee was just focused on one thing , austin and the ring .
my philosophy is that there s a soul mate out there for each of us , and how we go through life waiting to meet that soul mate is the important thing .
she did nt want to just brush him off since his roots were so deep into her family but she also did nt want to spend a lot of time dragging things along with dan patiently waiting in the wings .
it was one thing to ensure her of love forever , especially with someone who was so important in her family history and whose mere presence meant so much to her , but to bring her dad into the scenario was just too overwhelming to think about .
the trip home was perfect because it gave her over two hours to plan what she wanted to say and just how she wanted to approach her mom about the whole thing .
the one thing she thought about the most was how to bring up the fact that austin had contact with dad because she knew that would upset her mom terribly .
his opinion was always the most important thing in the world to her and it would make her feel at ease knowing she had his approval .
or maybe that s a private thing , forget i asked .
one thing i did fail to tell you was that along the way in our time together , austin promised me that he would grant me one wish and that wish was to allow me to speak with my father again .
the guy at the immigration desk was leaning back on his stool with his eyes half closed crooning do nt worry about a thing .
but next thing he knew he was on board the plane , buckled in the same seat as before .
well i just saying what i hear because that is a serious thing , so i do nt know what the principal go do about it .
i can not call her out on this because it is not overtly an overt thing and there is nothing in our code that says we can not bewitch our research .
not thinking about a goddamn thing .
like today , the last thing i wanted was to go to the bridge and have to talk somebody out of jumping .
that he d made love to her first thing that morning seemed irrelevant .
its just that i have no aptitude for that sort of thing .
at least one thing in my lifes arranged .
tell me what i asked , because i could see it was the last thing she wanted to hash out again .
i threw the whole fucking thing in the trash .
in her mind the entire kerfuffle was more emotional than logical , and once she had figured out her views on the matter she had set it aside as yet one more thing that activists and politicians yelled about .
its all i want to do ; its the only thing i really care about .
does the nurse really have a lot of experience with this sort of thing ?
the one thing i do nt understand , and i hope you do nt mind my asking , is why you re in a safe house .
the most important thing is that i need to designate a guardian in case things do nt turn out well .
the most important thing is that i need to designate a guardian in case things do nt turn out well .
and i want to ask you something , but its a hard thing to talk about .
i think i m going to sell him some mustard flower , how are things going for him ?
if i could escape the neighborhood i felt like i could forget the whole thing .
the rooms filled my need for a place , that was all i needed , a 10 by 10 room , proud i was able to minimize things to such an extreme .
hell go into the restau - rant and eat whole raw steaks , but i mean whole steaks , just eat the whole thing , a good case for mad cow dis - ease .
michael learned to revere all life and respect each and everything , because each thing has its place and fulfills a need in the larger scheme of things .
ill take over the whole thing .
after the others departed , sage said , carlos , the first thing i want to do is to deal with the problem the women have of carrying water from the river to their homes .
you re the most important thing in my life , and you always will be .
well , for one thing , if you kill us , how will you get the money for that gold ?
he came to a conclusion that communication to mind was the crucial thing .
editor saheb , the important thing should not be missed in the mist of dark possibilities .
he realized this was not a small thing .
i will work out the solution for the government ad ban and may be back to work after you sit out over the whole thing which i wish to tell you .
i do not understand much about the content thing but it seems , they present it better and the layout is also clean , the general manager added , looking expectantly at the sales head .
in contemporary state of affairs of humanity , one thing is for sure you can not teach anyone but anyone can learn !
he decided and zeroed on one thing that would have such linkages that it would touch the whole spectrum of issues .
okay ; anyway , it is a one line thing .
and the last thing !
why can not we all settle for life as a mental thing , aloof from the physical action ?
mayank could not check a smile as the boss busied himself ordering things to the attendant asking him to make a large cup of coffee and make it quick .
our reputations been hurt , schulke said , and a reputation is an important thing .
you could do a lot better in terms of smoothing things out , and i m telling you a good supervisor would try that direction before going all out to get one of his employees fired.this is nt the place for this discussion , schulke said .
next thing he knew , claude pictured himself winning $ 100 million , but before he made it to the sunny island , warren tooted his horn from the front of the house .
well , for one thing , he s always moving things around in the stockroom where we work , hoping ill give the wrong equipment to the linemen .
you do nt have to become an expert , but the more you know about the dos and donts , the easier it will be to avoid doing something to mess up the whole thing .
well sort the whole thing out , you ll see .
do nt you worry about a thing , claude called from the lakefront .
claude missed a little in his grasp , and ended up with only fingers in the heart of the other mans paw , which felt a little feminine , but rather than regrip and do the whole thing over , claude simply drew his hand back and put it in his pocket .
the next thing he knew , it was light in the room ; during his sleep he had rolled to his other side , but still his forehead pressed his elbow .
oh , one more thing , he remembered , i understand that i m left high and dry as a single player against you and muxcombe in the semi finals of the pairs match play ?
there is one more thing father .
she often amazed herself by not being able to come up with a single thing that she would change if she could .
oh , and one more thing , sir ?
if you ask me , i thought the whole thing was a waste of time .
mum was right about one thing .
here , she said , one more thing .
it would certainly be an effective way to mask the pain in her stomach , but it was guaranteed to make her think about things more intensely than usual and that was the last thing she needed right now .
she said it was i good idea for fathers to get involved in that sort of thing .
we do nt want anyone barging in on us ; it might ruin the whole thing .
unfortunately , like so many things in her life , she was always too busy with one thing or another to fully nurture her interests .
now , the only thing that mattered to maggie was how she felt , and at that moment she felt good .
` ` yes , one last thing : goyim , non - jews , are grossly inferior .
thing is , you got ta try and do the right thing by people never take an unfair advantage but , at the same time , do nt let the troublesome types walk all over you .
even with trees as common as the birch , things got dicey .
he would have loved to have watched tv but for one thing .
things seemed fine until the bands growth reached a plateau and new songs stopped appearing .
anyway , johnny said trying to focus on one thing at a time , the lady out there was a teacher of mine .
-we / we did n't talk so much / about that kind of thing .
it was n't kept with the awards in the bookcase downstairs she knows why of course but she never thought he would have banished it this far hidden here in this dusty crypt she never realized just how ashamed he was of the whole thing .
they talked a little discussed theories of authorial style and plot points and character sketches and the relative merits of first or third or even second person and joanna could hear the echo of university classes in vanessa 's voice a kind of automatic reflexive quality to the answering as if the whole thing were a science and there was one right answer .
eventually he did teach from his own novels but by then he was no longer talking to her about that sort of thing so she did n't bother to offer an opinion she wondered if he 'd simply stopped caring .
she was disappointed , not that her wallet was taken , but at the banality of the whole thing .
... early evening ... bettina thought of the girl again but the first thing that appeared in her minds eye was a section of copper - plated roof shed seen as a child .
the sand stuck to the side of their faces and ricardo breathed it in ; he wanted this , he wanted this to be the last of all things , the very last thing .
not the full architectural thing , just the drafting stuff .
but thanks , well see how things go after i arrive on the farm .
` ` it is not a settled thing , ma'am , yet .
the only problem was that he could not explain such a thing to her , for he had never seen her before , and because wisdom about such things has now entirely vanished from the world .
winnie closed his mind down , and he saw the absolute importance of this one simple thing , and without thinking any further he saw that he should speak words directly from his heart .
russell chuckled : one more thing .
ian asked her what she thought would be the hardest thing for her to deal with while she was getting through this time .
either of them , both of them , neither of them , who would be living in this place when all things were said and done ; leaving behind all the things that could never be unsaid , all the things that could never be undone .
the four martini , two our lunch was a thing of the past as far as laura was concerned .
and like your breasts , a poem is a private thing , a profoundly private thing that you can unveil so even a stranger can see and feel the most beautiful part of your mind and heart and body .
and like your breasts , a poem is a private thing , a profoundly private thing that you can unveil so even a stranger can see and feel the most beautiful part of your mind and heart and body .
of course , the other thing that had changed between them was their approach to their own sexual attraction for each other .
for him , knowing he was beaten , the only thing left was creating a last line that might pass to her second - hand .
that s the last thing we d want to talk about .
carrying them back to the farm had in fact been the first thing that made laura realize how excited she was at the idea of doing a book of short stories from them .
somehow her bond with tom made the things and the places she saw feel like things that belonged to her , like shadows of things in her own room .
and the most important thing is a story to finish the book that brings arthur and laura lee back together .
he knew a great deal about aboriginal social problems and one thing that outraged him most was that ninety percent of the child prostitutes in canada were aboriginal children .
he s been really patient and sweet , but he makes everything into such an enormous thing , i just do nt know if ill ever be able to keep up .
the silence grew and ian could feel the tension and so he tried to break it by talking about the first thing that came into his mind , the last thing he remembered that had interested him , the story that laura was working on in the arthur and laura lee book .
the silence grew and ian could feel the tension and so he tried to break it by talking about the first thing that came into his mind , the last thing he remembered that had interested him , the story that laura was working on in the arthur and laura lee book .
and there s one thing that i d like you to think about while you re looking around .
the bullies , the witnesses , their parents , the school , the school board , well drown them in the one thing everyone fears more than anything .
other waterford crystal bowls were brought out filled with jam and honey , and when tom began to speak about the antiques in the barn , miss brown cut him off , insisting that all discussions of such things would have to wait until they got to know one another .
until this moment , i never thought of such a thing , but i think part of me would like that too .
the next thing i know , we ve tipped over our table , spill - smashed our half - started , half finished high - tea , and have cut into an alley way .
another beautiful thing to occupy my mind .
i am not sure that i believe that there is any such thing as fate or any kind of guiding hand making decisions over such things .
a silly and unbelievably small thing .
one thing was for sure : we were looking forward to friday .
i laughed with him , but i d been worried about that very thing since we got on the plane in sydney .
jay remembered when he was younger how they tried to do so many things as a family but they always ended up coming home early because his dad was mad about one thing or another .
but as usual it all went on deaf ears as she reiterated her same excuses and again pleaded to let the whole thing pass .
mom , how can i let the whole thing pass ?
first thing donna you should always be on the alert for signs or clues that he is getting upset and may explode into an angry or violent episode .
are nt you even a little bit excited about this whole football thing ?
the last thing i want is for him to come anywhere near this house or this town as far as i m concerned .
well get this whole thing straightened out mom just do nt you worry , jay said trying to reassure her as well as himself .
however , one thing was certain : the stomach extraction would be left to me .
the only thing that requires consideration is how he would infiltrate the rebel camp without arousing suspicion .
i might be able to do it for a short time , but if i am not occupied with something myself , i will begin to feel unfulfilled by my place in things .
q uttered finally , still , the mayor may have been right about one thing .
you know , i was always jealous of you at school , said tony.it was because you were so bloody good at everything well , maybe not sport , but pretty much anything on the academic side.but i can see that it makes things more complicated when it comes to working out what you want to do for a living.i mean , sport was the only thing i was any good at so that made it a lot simpler for me on the job front.and cos i never expected to amount to much , i ve always felt a bit surprised at how well things turned out for me .
the two aliens were far too stunned at this act of outrageous stupidity to move or even speak , and george , who could have known the meaning of life , who could have had unimaginably powerful technology at his fingertips , or who , if he really cared about such a thing , could have been told that there was nt really a kennedy conspiracy after all , stood up , put on his coat and walked home .
the hardest thing really has been all the paperwork , he has never been one for complicating things ` ` if it ai n't broke '' i can hear him say .
he looked up and said , achtung , never mindt de piss thing , you will vined that out soon enough , but why are you changing your clothes ?
the next thing i knew i was falling down , down slowly sinking toward my capsized car .
a nice waterfall , beautiful woods , and he knew a place off the beaten track where if things went as he hoped , they could spend some time making out .
the whole thing with the eyelashes takes another two hours owing to an unfortunate slip with the glue , and the delicate cleanup involved , but when everything is done , i am satisfied with the result .
sure , if you handle the renovation thing i will do it right now then , i go downstairs with the cat food , and tap on donalds door .
i am not going to say that absolutely you are anything , not right or wrong , but if the devil is around , and he is getting people to think about things that they do nt want to , the first thing he would really do is try to drive a wedge between peopleto make people suspect each other that is what i have been saying .
yes , but not a romantic thing .
she seems genuinely upset about the whole thing , but i assure her that there is no cause for concern , and i promise to fly down and visit her in february .
i guess i just do nt think of things that way well , you should start says detective flowers there were a lot of people scared to death out there today seriously , wow .
i say this is quite a serious thing she says so i m discovering i say all right , for now , they are going to set your bail ... do you think that could be a lot ?
the whole thing has been such a mess .
when have i ever gone and stood at the bar first thing ?
all week , he went through the motions of his expected roles ; however , the only thing on his mind was their assignation at jacksons .
you and me , that s the only thing that matters .
we ca nt change a goddamn thing , so lets just enjoy it .
i should just give it up and leave things as they are just forget about this place and everything that s happened here .
no , i do nt regret a goddamn thing .
the other thing i want to say is that even though those years are gone , i would like us to build something for the future .
is this the serious thing you wished to talk ?
the only thing , which comes in her mind , is the abruptness with which shiv brought up this talk .
if the israeli girl chose to ridicule him over the phantom fish that got away , that was one thing .
it was a guy thing .
it had a big enough back for all of them and all their load , that was the most important thing .
what about the other thing we talked about in the hospital ?
i hear a click , and the next thing i know , a single flame is illuminating my friends faces from the lighter in nixs hand .
the limited nature of her living condition , coupled with the urge to take in all sorts of fine spiritual nourishment for rahels writings were her favorite food produced by her an unusual but not uninteresting view of things for her ; and we ve had some entertaining chats together over the garden picket fence .
the only thing amiss was a small square of fabric , about three inches in length , missing from the hem of the skirt .
one thing at a time , she told him .
the only thing that s important is if you ll take me back .
however , one thing shone out among the piles of dirt and junk , and that was a photo of all three of us on his shelf .
survival - type skills were a thing of the future , which itself was a thing of the future , since everything was now .
oh i have nt done a thing about dinner !
chance , that their throws grew wild and haphazard , until they tussled on the ground , laughing and tickling , squashing the fruit beneath them , until in their rolling it quite covered their naked flesh and lips and they tasted it and knew of desire and other things .
she rinsed the coffee things , turned out the light and then sat cross- legged on the couch , invisible .
min said that put her thing into perspective and lucky said that both were in a way , a test of personal fortitude .
if so , it must have been a last minute thing .
robert munched silently for a while and said , his voice raised , i d rather forget the whole thing actually and i ca nt be bothered trying to talk through this bloody racket .
and if the whole thing had n't been set up to fall like satans pins i guess the man would never have come to say repent of all these sins !
so if you decide , you want to learn to fight i will wait till you return one up - victorious one betrayed by a kiss then burning , burning with rage i may learn to trust your hate i may turn and lust you babe sour - sour - sour sour grapes ( and you may call it treason still sour grapes make great raisins ) austin tea - bag caffeine and mary jane are making love at last while lilac wine , fresh as the vine washes away our past and darling shapes and sizes coalesce with tiger - force and as bad as things have become they could still be worse so drink to christ 's sure coming or your own indecision because you should be doing something else but you just ca n't catch the vision then let the caffeine fuel your fever let the wine cool your blood and let mary jane , dear friend of fools do just what she does free wild bird took me a while to smile , honey took me even longer to laugh come over here and light my candle or i 'll be over there to bubble your bath yes laughter is a remedy for all things and sorrow is a cage , so i ' ve heard like the ballad of a thin man or oscar living in a trash can but baby i ' m one free wild bird so dance me to the darkness , sweetly then darken me during the dance true saints are neither sexless nor loveless come over here , let 's make some romance and i 'll caress you with heavenly music or i 'll stroke you with one dirty word like we 're fresh out of luck or else in need of a buck but baby i ' m one free wild bird crazy as it sounds to say it of one self if i did n't , well i 'd forget who i am then sooner or later i 'd turn into a hater and damn that would be a hell of a jam so one more time for good time 's sake go ahead , call me a crazy - ass nerd like a man on a mission or a sea - hawk out fishin ' but baby i ' m one one free wild bird forty days forty days , forty ways to kill a man i ' ve been riding across this open country just trying to make a stand staying low , beneath the bells of fear laughing alone like hollow bones but i can hear them drawing near the dogs of death , the hounds of vengeful love fighting for this hallowed ground that they call , ' the field of blood ' where one lay , who gave his life for many though when he walked the earth he made he did not earn a penny o lord , tonight i am so cold o lord , i feel i ' m growing old before my time before my time and there 's a man standing at the door saying , ' sign the dotted line ' damn you mister landlord you ugly millionaire unless you give your life for love and truly learn to share what you own with those better than yourself wall street president , you must repent forsake all your wealth then you will be truly rich indeed but as it is you only build another monument for greed and if you say , well , divided we fall to hell with all your rhetoric and your bloody whitewashed wall o lord , tonight i am so cold o lord , i feel i ' m growing old before my time before my time and there 's a man standing at the door saying , ' sign the dotted line ' and the women come and go talking of michelangelo and the women come and go talking of michelangelo and the women come and go talking of michelangelo babylon , the beautiful you whore family man he breaks his back from nine to five just to feed his family ` ` i would n't be much of a man , '' he says if i ca n't give them what they need and i watch him as he works think it must be a sin when he gives life all he 's got but it does n't give much back to him the kids are growing up he 's happy to see them strong his son and daughter get straight a 's but by now his wife is gone she wanted something more i guess more bread than he could bring in still he has nothing but love for her how the hell could she hate him ?
and if i am a liar and if i am a cheat at least i ' m seeking clarity with you now on the beach and you may call my mister or you may call me jack but one thing is for certain sister i wo n't be going back so if you want to live each day to the hilt take my loving hand , sweet mona we 'll hit them where it hurts and i do n't think we 're alone in wanting to break this wall of stone but i doubt we 'll have too many friends once we tell the truth to them , ' you 're all a bunch of fucking assholes ! '
he cried now let your life be an answer to that question but please my friends not another lesson for that only leads to more aggression from the heavy handed marionette ' all aboard now ' and ' place your bets ' just then the pillars of the palace shook and while i sing my songs they quote a book daggers in the fleshly heart of god so sit or stand according to what you want or what you do the red horizon 's one thing that wo n't lie then die the death of the martyrs ' crown ` ` you alone lord deserve renown we have made a bloody mess of the whole damned thing ! ''
he cried now let your life be an answer to that question but please my friends not another lesson for that only leads to more aggression from the heavy handed marionette ' all aboard now ' and ' place your bets ' just then the pillars of the palace shook and while i sing my songs they quote a book daggers in the fleshly heart of god so sit or stand according to what you want or what you do the red horizon 's one thing that wo n't lie then die the death of the martyrs ' crown ` ` you alone lord deserve renown we have made a bloody mess of the whole damned thing ! ''
ag is one thing , but governor his voice trailed off .
the main thing i m worried about is the art , though .
the main thing is you re on your feet .
but the main thing that annoyed me was she pretended not to know anything about drake , as if she was completely unaware that he liked her , and that she had nt had anything to do with it .
for one thing , there was a faint but insistent pull from the east , the brick house in indianapolis .
but george curtis had short - circuited the whole thing .
with peter now at the regency , though , ruth has to visit him every single day and sometimes twice , to take over his clean laundry and a couple of sugarless eskimo pies , although half the time he does nt say a word to her ; and if she s gotten a little behind schedule , the first thing that might fall off her list could be the grocery trip .
the fantasy he had created in his head was the only thing keeping him together and i do nt think he was capable of surviving the catastrophe of facing who he was and what he had done with his life .
is it going to be an overnight thing ?
maybe its just a mom thing , but i completely understand her concerns .
although we would never be completely aligned on the religion and faith thing , we found it very easy to accommodate each others beliefs .
you just go ahead and get married and do nt worry about a thing .
next thing you know , well outlaw dodge ball in school because it is too competitive or dangerous .
i just ca nt stand having someone up in my shit all the time , giving me grief for every little thing .
emma did nt have to worry about a thing .
nice , i said quietly , thoroughly impressed by the whole thing .
when emma and i were married , jellybean had been the most important thing in the world to me for twelve years .
things came to a head when jelly started to get restless in the bed and would jump down from the bed and scratch on the door to get a drink of water , throughout the night .
our marriage should be the most important thing to you .
you know you are the most important person in my life and our marriage is the most important thing in my life .
the only thing that separated me from them is that i never let things get out of control .
its not as if he has a single thing pressing , at all , this month .
one thing first though .
the last thing we want is for you to say a word during this whole trial .
no , its not a personal thing .
canto 36 to here i was sent as much as you as much as your desire willed your desired will and it suits me well though not you so well although you have been made thus suitable you are material still and are embodied but not solid rather akin to this comets tail as this continents pebble disperses before the sun in a tail as the sun blows away the scales of the ice and as the pebble becomes its airy tail and here you are now in between moons in my lair oh my lair no my place for the time being only while being in time with a foot i have never nor ever had always there in eternity beside the eternal the one in three the uncounted immortals like me the accumulating thousands of millions of immortals like you who die and live on yes your mother yes your father too but you have not yet died not dead just suitably like the vacuous tail and here i am to ferry you who can no longer walk between moons as i have ferried many others since the dragon fell is falling will fall around the newborn aging extinguished sun making of its collapse a path of improper in - betweens and repeatedly tens of millions of strides made as but one and some to places like this where no ones foot can step and here you are less than a cloud and needing my ferrying along oh no i am not the animus of this comet which knows its own inanimate ends i just enjoy it here and am suited to here and was sent to here and here you have come and become what you must to not die just as you once were adapted made as stone yes a gift but also a lingering accident of the way the dragon made itself suitable to anywhere it impinges and given to you as the sun is given and warms you and the earth is given and holds you and yes oh yes your prince is safe your companion is safe and both are now just clouds like you and ferried like you but not visited like you i am visiting you to thank you for taking the prince and your inclinations were well imparted and grown that you should say yes willingly by his will and keep the prince well i tell you now as the messenger i am that he will be returned but not for some years and in those some years he is yours to protect to raise through the time born of your great decision and never fear never doubt that the decision was great was good to him who judges good my beloved joanna in the hands i have never nor ever had i hold you and your things all to ferry you by his command and my liking yet i wonder may i ask do you have a stocking cap in your pack to wear when you are flesh again as a tail from your head and striped or baubled or brimmed with fur since i do like a stocking cap on the head of your kind since it reminds me of comets and those i adore and so here i am as i have said allied with this comet but no i see here just a hat in your pack never mind oh yes oh my oh yes i know the lord is here too i knew that on the instant and how blessed i am to hold him whom i have always beheld but i am a creature like you and in my thoughts are small things and an adam or eve in a stocking cap just simply delights me it does so i laugh so you laugh and my delight is unlike that of some of my siblings but then we are indeed each a species unique and so it was not i who announced to our lady nor i who stood at the tomb yet somehow i merited this visit and message or else i was already here at this my comet and so be it i will do well enough as i do what he wills and be joyous joanna i do see your grief so turn from it now for you shall see your parents again and in life you will love the untutored prince and we each have our place in his thoughts as we are sent canto 37 helen wondered if there were any clouds at all .
okay , first thing .
but i noticed from the pinched look on her face that she was not putting the whole thing out of her mind .
april 25 i know i should have kept going when i wrote the above , rather than just leave things with the unanswered question of what horrible thing happened on wednesday .
but whether i wondered or doubted or not , one thing was for sure .
for one thing , she would probably be the oldest in the group by at least fifteen years , and she did nt want to stand out being the only one without any college education .
she had been thinking about it a lot , but she was not sure how she should feel about the whole thing .
so you are fine with me canceling the whole thing ?
next thing i knew , i had slept the whole night there .
i am telling you man , that s how he is , and viraj totally backs him , to me it seems the only thing left to do would be look for a different job nakul felt relieved .
one thing i am really unsure of , though , nakul said , calculatingly .
one thing was clear : she must leave at once ; it was impossible for her to reappear in the salon , still less stand at the gaming - table with the risk of seeing deronda .
there is hardly any thing the matter with me .
you look serious , and i do nt wonder : a lifelong union is a solemn thing .
it is a good thing that you have an engagement of marriage to offer as an excuse , else she might feel offended .
do nt let us part in anger , henleigh , she began : it is a very little thing i ask .
on many nights , he gazed from the open window of his room on the double , faintly pierced darkness of the sea and the heavens ; often struggling under the oppressive scepticism which made him think of his lot as of no more lasting effect than a dream ; sometimes with an emotional reaction which gave even to disappointment the nature of a satisfied energy , and spread over his young future , whatever it might be , the attraction of devoted service ; sometimes with a sweet irresistible hopefulness that the very best of human possibilities might befall him the blending of a complete personal love with a larger duty ; and sometimes again in a mood of rebellion against things in general because they are thus and not otherwise , a mood in which gwendolen and her fate moved as busy images of what was amiss in the world along with the concealments in his own life , which now afflicted him with doubt about the mother who had announced herself coldly and still kept away .
so keep your curtains closed unless you like that kind of thing , she said , blowing smoke into my face .
i finished my celebratory bagel , topped it off with a celebratory coffee , and headed back up to my apartment to research the whole green thing .
i had never really thought the whole thing through myself , except in bits and pieces when i was daydreaming back at the nonprofit ( that seemed to me to be the chief benefit of boring jobs : the incredible motivation to daydream something better ) .
i think the whole music thing bothered her from the start , nori admitted , and when the yale appeal wore off ...
jeez , i thought , another thing to worry about !
do nt deliver me some puff piece on the company , and make us look like complete idiots for covering the event and not noticing the one thing everyone else is talking about .
hey , i said , trying to make an effort to seem normal , you wan na hear about a work thing ?
i absolutely want to hear about a work thing , said nori , setting aside his guitar .
very important ... tooth thing , i said .
i really think he s making too big a deal out of the whole thing .
sorry , one more thing , he said , and now he looked down at the ground , clearing his throat again and pulling once more at his cuffs .
either way , i knew i was wrong about the most important thing in my life .
he studied the black and white banners behind the stage : no war destroy power not people no authority but yourself but the thing that fascinated him most was the crass logo itself , which loomed over the band from a huge sheet behind the drum kit .
there were several things on his mind , including : crass ; being the drummer in a punk rock band ; august wells ; martine ; learning the guitar ; logo design ; a man called penny ; the demise of the wallflowers ; and martine again .
sketching was the one thing that was not on his mind - or van gogh for that matter .
oh , one thing : it 's pretty bloody loud , so you might want to cover your eardrums somehow . ''
he was n't sure , but the important thing was to offload the melody somehow , to get it physically into the world .
` ` do n't worry too much about this august thing .
presumably the message was the most important thing here .
hell , he tried , that s the most important thing .
for one thing , what is he supposed to call her ?
so after that , faust continued , i doubted my own mind about the whole thing .
the thing is , at first it was the most inane things ; the photograph we d use , for example , or certain church - related events we could promote .
the next step was to find a private place where the gallant men in blue would not interrupt his libations with friendly little reminders of his exalted place in the scheme of things .
busy as he was making money , he could see no place in the scheme of things for love .
he wished to clear the air also by saying a thing or two about arjuna 's inability to get things rolling .
stand there and do not think of a solitary thing , the youth said inside .
he noted in the next instant one more thing .
next thing he knew a dozen or so flowers shot up from the drop zone .
time magazine had informed her privacy was a thing of the past , yet she did nt think shed ever get used to it .
there s one thing .
one thing at a time , chica .
they become eager to get away to the relief of their simple freedoms , to the special pleasure of being with someone else who can just pick up and go , someone who does nt turn every ordinary thing into a complicated problem .
swim and paint and do nt worry about a thing .
and the next thing you know , you re accusing me -- me ! -- the last person in the world to do anything to regina !
the next thing you know you ll be accusing me of killing her .
the thing about living in new york city is that a good day is when things do nt go as badly as they could have .
` ` for one thing , you can stop with the character assassination .
in fact sterling had a theory he had a theory about a lot of things that holding the iphone was a very good substitute for holding ones other thing ; granted the former was shorter ( 4.5 in , but small is good for hand - helds ) and heavier ( 4.8 oz ) , but it had a lot more useful functions and time - wise ( 5 hours of continuous activity , a whopping 300 hours on standby ) ; there was simply no comparison .
then she got more than a bit pissed off when the only thing on his mind was his friggin iphone .
the other thing is that i would like you not to speak to the press unless i can be by your side .
and the next thing i know there s someone else in the bed .
the time was the important thing , always six o'clock .
but no , this was not to be , and the one thing to be thankful for was that their only child was a girl ; perhaps she might learn to care .
the important thing is that she should n't be hurt . '
the sad thing was that she lost her attraction through no fault of her own ; she might well have been a nice girl , she was certainly beautiful , but the eyes which were upon her sullied whatever beauty she possessed and made it something she was consciously striving for , something to be flaunted .
the lover , the person to be loved by , that was the important thing , for eternity was a long time and would be made even worse without a close one , or a memory , at least , of someone who cared enough to recall , years later , when the memory was becoming a vague and elusive spectre .
getting an answer is n't the important thing , though .
but , one thing is for certain , from that day forward , we stuck to double bubble .
this whole darned thing .
things like voter registration and that kind of thing ?
if i stepped out boldly and tried , the mere trying might inspire someone else and eventually the whole thing would be captured .
glancing out at infinity , or the closest thing these failing eyes can substitute for endlessness , wondering if there exists some point along the seemingly unchanging spectrum where things began to go terribly wrong .
hey , thanks for the wonderful place to stay , do n't worry about a thing , we 'll be responsible .
but i admit it is not the first thing that grabs my attention .
for one thing , the handbill regarding the carnival , which you removed from your pocket earlier and placed on your desktop , now lies next to the phone in the kitchen .
one thing is for sure , he has no intention to drift back among the masses .
one thing is for sure ... his general disposition has taken a noticeable turn downward as a result of this encounter with himself .
yet there was one thing unresolved .
` ` one last thing , '' as he picks out two envelopes , ` ` commit this to memory .
well , just one thing really .
oh , and one more thing adele d. hoffman squinted at the gold name tag on the attendants breast pocket of her blue blazer .
it was the only thing yaeko looked forward to : her biweekly meetings with her tutor .
she spoke into the roar of the oncoming surf : all things have been and all things shall go on before me and when i am gone ; this self that cries out for eternity is what shall pass in me : the tree remains , the leaf falls from the tree ten minutes later she was gliding soundlessly through the wide plaza at the foot of the pier .
go on , margarita , take a look around the first thing maggie noticed was the first thing she had to notice .
the memories are still very vivid ... . we were sailing in calm pacific waters , i remember ; it was bright and sunny and the next thing i knew i was being tossed to and fro on deck in a terrific storm in darkest night .
somehow shed gotten into the wrong line in heavenand the next thing she knew , shed been assigned to a human body , and off she went .
but it was too late : the next thing she knew , she was being born again .
i thought it was inside me somehow , and i got really scared ; and then the next thing i knew i could feel something rising up in me , and then the whole world turned bluei could nt see anything but blueand then ... it was floating right in front of me .
come to my place one day and we can talk about these things better than in here ; the bar is no place for such discussion .
but of one thing you must be sure .
but of one thing she was certain when assessing genocide , namely , that soviet policies in poland were incomparably milder than nazi policies .
the thing i really kept under wraps was my ambition to be a writer .
what , you can build a race car , but you ca nt fix a simple thing like that ?
first thing , she handed race a check .
her arms closed around me with a firmness that told me going home with grandma was the last thing i needed to worry about .
it should be the first thing .
you re the first thing he asked about .
the littlest thing could send him into a rage that rivaled one of my old ones .
fact is , this thing with jim is complicated .
chapter 30 after vowing that first thing monday morning she was going to have a phone installed at races shop , kasey went to dari mart to make her call .
all we talked about was a visit , and if you re gon na twist it around to make it sound like i said i d move , you can forget the whole thing .
and in the 8 car , from eugene , oregon , sponsored by eugene custom classics , ricks university video , and willamette electrical supplyhe should nt even be out here tonight folks but why let a little thing like a near fatal injury stop himrace morgan !
there was no room for my feelingsmy anxietyas perfecting the execution of the moves became the only thing that mattered .
linda always tended to focus on one thing to a point of obsession .
if willow wanted to talk about sex with her mother , universal laws would state that jane would be uptight and unwilling to talk about such things .
except for the meal where betty said a prayer , out loud , that willow would learn some fashion sense , which caused willow to almost choke on the wine she was sipping , things went surprisingly well .
another thing , can your university graduates go to other countries after college or must they stay for a while and pay off their debts ?
is winning the only thing that 's important or is education in any way a function of the university ?
for one thing , unless you are a millionaire , you need to keep working .
i did n't mention one thing , when there is a money issue in court the judge as to determine where the money will come from to pay the debt .
alex had been wrong about one thing : the flower sketches were nt a reminder to call the florist , they were a lingering question of how the orchid he d picked out and sent to lyssa had been received .
a more comfortable possibility was that he was a man and it was a guy thing , and she would never , ever find any reason for his behavior that made sense to her .
for one thing , she would have to track down his new telephone number .
for another thing , though the jacobsons property had come available sooner than shed expected , it was not really a surprise .
if this deal with mrs . callicott and turnbull were nt so important , she would have just cancelled the whole thing .
lyssa had hoped he would confine his news to the important thing : her broken arm .
instead of focusing on the pros and cons of pursuing adams investment money or the spirit ranch project or whether he was doing the right thing in dragging his mother back into the business or even what to do about lyssa when he got home , his mind refused to settle on any one thing .
he would do as she said in one other thing , too .
he felt like a rube goldberg device , with one out - of - kilter piece after another slipping into place , making connections and setting other things in motion , everything shifting and changing with no clear purpose or end in sight .
for one thing , right now he s telling your mother he was the one behind this whole mess with clearview .
this was another thing lyssa would have to stop : a hasty departure would nt solve anything .
and sometimes ill do some really nice sort of poetic thing to tie things up and they ll straighten it all out , just brutally .
why change a place where people are quitehappy with things as they are ?
isooth , in comparison to huberts quest for the great poet tis incontestable that thy quest seems a nobler thing by far .
after you have voted for the rightful succession of power by the illicit partys candidates , your minds should be focused on only one thing .
only the warm breeze on my naked back and the stab of blades of long grass as we descended to the ground in a close huddle of flesh and motion served to remind me where we were and that the world consisted of other things beside beta , her unresisting body and her tender caresses .
there were other ways of seeing and doing things , and there were places where this was normal .
the only thing they seemed interested in was destruction !
i did nt flipping care about my handbag or my purse or any flipping thing .
he would n't make a big thing of it , just a casual remark as though it were a trivial and familiar ritual .
` ` there is one thing that bothers me , '' she said .
he had a willow tree it seems and it 's the only thing he can talk about . ''
first thing in the morning . ''
let 's forget the whole thing .
this had gone far enough and he was glad that liz had agreed , finally , to drop the whole thing .
so they had decided to drop the whole thing .
but its not exactly the kind of thing you can take to the emergency room , is it ?
first thing , breakfast .
for one thing , he had no idea exactly where he d have to shake out the box of copper filings ( or other type of filings ) and to find out , he d have to know exactly what type of power plant he was dealing with , and it was nt like they labeled the fuckers on the front gate .
it was nt the kind of thing that generally interested him , and in truth the sun was beginning to get a little oppressive , glaring off the melting snow piled up around the parking lot , flashing in jagged puddles here and there on the asphalt .
for one thing , how did the old guy get in ?
( in fact , if the second explanation were correct , just forgetting about the waiter and getting on with things would be the last thing ned would want him to doall the more reason for this guy to hurry up with his noble project ( evil scheme ) so that he could perpetrate it on ned before ned had a chance to perpetrate his evil scheme ( noble project ? )
the key thing for me is , bob , i said , once i m in , i m in .
it was a time - space thing as far as i can figure it .
now that s another thing i wanted to talk to you about , bob , i said .
he closed his eyes again and said , first thing tomorrow morning .
abra got up every morning thinking of just one thing herself .
religion was never a big thing in our lives , but suddenly god is central to everything .
why would adam even think of such a thing ?
well , only one other thing .
this is one thing i can never be rational about .
the only thing i could hurt lenny about was that he used to keep a little notebook where he wrote things .
next thing i know , i ' m opening the door to old man sonnett 's office .
that 's another thing i ' m pissed about .
so i ' m trying to get inside the door , but the next thing i know he has me pushed up against the wall .
` ` that 's another thing i ' m worried about .
` ` the first thing i want to know , '' is the way mr . sonnett starts in , ` ` is why the fight ?
` ` one more thing , '' i say .
i was feeling a little uneasy about the whole thing .
` ` if that 's true , it 's the first thing you have n't complained about . ''
north stood there and saw the mans mind work and very nearly read it : how many shots could i get into that marshals body before he dragged the thing out enough to be considered a draw ?
i need a local deputy , a segundo to handle some of the tedious thing .
lets go see her first thing .
one more thing , the corporal said .
that was when frannie wanted to fly out from her bedroom and say , oh no it would nt you re not deciding where things go in our place .
things got so bad at one point that greens own cousin , the companys chief financial officer , had to turn against him .
ill get on that first thing , charles energetically stated .
as he sat considering these things , the shade of their space trickled forward and spread over the forest floor .
there s one less thing to worry about , iliff said , pushing the swollen skin into his bag .
i thought he had that drywall thing going good , i said .
i want our last thing to be your unquenchable need for me sexually and my insouciance , my calm uncaring exhibitionism .
ok . one other thing .
you re times up , that s the first thing .
really , i told her , its not my thing .
i did nt want to tell dad that i d just had my first lay , but that was the only thing on my mind , so i had to shut up .
except that with you , it would nt be some flippant , ditsy girl thing : you d hate me for it somehow , and then how could i talk to you ?
want me , but do nt love me , not even as a thing you keep secret .
the thing was he would go to the temple ; after the stolen cinema , arriving in time for the priest to sprinkle holy water , smelling faintly of roses , on ganeshs bent head , contrite amidst the other worshippers .
and another thing , why did the paper always tease you , offering the best part on the cover , but holding out crucial details until the to be continued page ?
it became the only thing jed found worth smiling about .
` ` it 's a security thing . ''
not for that little thing .
i know its difficult thing to handle for friends .
art , its not really my thing .
the rematch against central was the furthest thing from daves mind as he offered words of encouragement to his team .
no strategy was discussed and the only thing that was decided was the night club they would be rockin after the game .
she yelled , one more thing !
but the important thing is to keep our minds and hearts open in the process .
especially if it was as we both said , the most important thing in our life .
now , the only thing that we have to be careful about is what or whose seeds or in this case dreams you re planting .
he had hashed most things out again and again , always coming up with the same conclusions : that he was becoming an old man , that his children and grandchildren and soon to be great grandchildren were doing well , and that he was a very rich man with the machine shop that he ran in cranston and the seven - day - a - week job here at the stamping plant .
thomas greene was worried about real violence if this thing did not get settled .
really brought the whole thing to , you know , closure .
the past few days had worn on jon , dropping things the way they had to fly across the country to attend to mrs . hubbard and the funeral arrangements .
i mean , really , could nt the priest have at least been a bit more discreet about the whole thing ?
shelly inherently questioned the judgment of all single mothers : if they had done things differently in the first place , they would nt be in the jam they were in now .
he d always been quiet about that sort of thing .
except for one little thing .
or had it just been a minor thing that had taken root and grown disproportionately in dellas own memory ?
by my teen years , i had switched allegiances to my friends , but the dynamic was the same : to fully have an experience , i needed to talk the whole thing out .
i would explore the whole thing further with della .
chapter 5 despite my good intentions , i might have let the whole thing drop .
but even a simple thing , like a disagreement between a couple that i m out with where one of them gets upset the kind of thing where most people might be a little annoyed with the other person or something well , ill get this bad feeling , this pressure in my head , she rubbed her temples lightly , and it ll stay with me , like i m the one who s emotionally hurt .
but even a simple thing , like a disagreement between a couple that i m out with where one of them gets upset the kind of thing where most people might be a little annoyed with the other person or something well , ill get this bad feeling , this pressure in my head , she rubbed her temples lightly , and it ll stay with me , like i m the one who s emotionally hurt .
she said so too , and thanked me for being willing to talk about the whole thing .
i realized i had not even mentioned the whole thing about della , but that did nt seem so relevant .
i have nt heard many people talk about this sort of thing in happy terms , i observed .
he was struggling to contain the whole thing in a smaller than hoped word count wacky lady feels her mothers pain would nt help that challenge .
several things were out of place he had moved the coffee table to use as a footrest , and left one of his oversized books overturned on it .
maybe he had counted on the ladies having gone over the whole thing with me , had anticipated the exact warm sensations i had indeed experienced , envisioning his queries .
the only thing i had nt resolved , of course , was what to do about him .
that s actually another thing i m working on , outside of my job i mean .
its just a side thing , i added .
that s another thing , i added .
i assured him things were fine with his mom poor thing , that s the main reason i ever called .
first thing first , she needed to get herself whipped back into shape .
how to dress for a run was the type of thing that athletic people inherently knew .
not a thing is up , jason .
oh , and there s one more thing .
there s only one thing left to discuss .
okay , maybe there was another side to barrett when he was among friends , so the drug thing was a possibility .
the main thing , though , was that he had to carry on as if the barrett business had never happened .
if i were you , i 'd tell devries about the sexual thing and leave it at that .
` ` you know , charlie , one thing i wonder about is if barrett did drugs himself .
there is just one thing i suppose i should mention .
charlie mused a bit , then said : ` ` you know , one thing kate and i did n't ask milford when we spoke to her was the identity of the blond woman at barrett 's parties .
there 's another thing .
` ` one more thing , charlie .
one thing that bothered charlie was why the mysterious sawyer had shot both barrett and mckay before getting the books .
the important thing is that you 're here . ''
` ` of course , of course , but before you do that and things get complicated , could i talk you into bringing me and this officer some coffee ?
charlie got up and kept things simple with a breakfast of coffee and toast .
back in his office charlie decided not to push things with devries and settled for just leaving her a message that he and amanda rankin had searched the storage area with no luck .
in the worst case scenario , i mean in terms of trying to solve this thing , it was a total stranger who somehow ambushed and then murdered her .
or we could solve the thing and make him and the major crimes unit of the tampa city police department look like a bunch of incompetent schmucks .
i know you and junior ranger here are going to try to solve this thing .
perhaps things would fall into place , and i would find the clincher that would bring langdon on board .
yup , oh yeah there s one more thing .
the only thing i regularly found suspicious was how some of the residents had earned the millions that allowed them to live there .
there is one thing that occurred to me .
one thing was certain though , this steroid user yelling at no name had the kind of scrunched up face even his mother would have had trouble loving .
it was from kemp telling me he wanted to see meno he demanded to see me in his office first thing in the morning .
not a thing , i said with a weak smile .
one time when we were doin some weed , she told me once that ted said he d kill her if she ever spoke about some things .
one other thing , lets try to rap this one up fast , especially the capture , upon his first arrest three years ago marson admitted to a plot to kidnap the presidents daughter .
whether this all proves to be true or not , one thing is for sure , we are back on the map with robert the brave and his masterful slaying of trent frennur leading the way .
it was a good thing he was wearing a helmet because as soon as he had taken his first step , he raised up and smacked his head against the underside of the craft .
i realized that father russo had thought this thing through .
there s one thing more .
the next thing i remembered was the back of an ambulance .
that s the other thing that i wanted to talk to you about .
the bishop frowned and said , there s one more thing you need to do .
is this a police thing ?
yeah , except for one thing .
one thing was for sure though : next time the two men met , the full force of greys subtle armoury , of investigative nous , of imperceptible inquisitiveness , would be deployed for the slightest sign of anything amiss .
no , sergeant , tom has ... never shown much interest in that area of things , in fact i wish he would .
sarah turned to her notes , and quickly ran through the few developments there had been since he was last here : how they had tried thomas longs mobile number , but that it seemed to be ringing out unanswered ; meanwhile there were still no signs of life at larry dunns house , nor any sightings of his land rover , despite all officers being on the lookout ; and finally , that a televised press conference , and an interview with the inspector for the local news network , had been arranged for first thing in the morning .
they did nt take much encouragement , in fact they got the ball rolling first thing this morning .
i suppose , he added , suddenly brightening , that it is a good thing that you are only approaching us now .
its still a thing i do nt like to talk about .
when we argued , about me it was always about me she was deadly serious , because what i did with my life was the most important thing in hers .
cori had tip - toed into this area as gently as possible , yet isobel looked suddenly embarrassed , saying without answering , i m not a crybaby when it comes to these things , sergeant .
` ` another thing , '' said frodo .
i can figure eddy the freak being stupid enough to jump out of a moving car , but a guy is n't stupid in just one thing , he 's stupid in everything .
you know , the whole poor jill thing .
now the conversation had shifted to other supernatural things like ouija boards and light as a feather , strong as a board while myrtle gloomily looked for an escape route .
just when myrtle was sure cullen was on the verge of being unceremoniously kicked out of the health club , things became even more interesting when cullens brother , simon caulfield , came through the door .
thanks for offering , elaine , but that s not the kind of thing you should be worrying about when you ve got a few free minutes .
one more thing , chief , moffat said .
the whole thing was free .
one other thing , doctor .
for one thing , i want to know about the broken window that occurred in the office during the demonstration not long before the murder .
i ca nt imagine why you would want to know about an embarrassing thing like that .
you were right about one thing , reverend pane .
` ` one thing we must agree on nonetheless . ''
` ` they are very strict about that sort of thing .
my agent tends to sort out that sort of thing .
the occasional rumbling of the wind through the trees kept hardwick just this side of reality , although the super - powered telescope of his mind 's eye was still well - focused on other things .
just one thing , kempston , ellis flint asked as he followed hardwick down the corridor .
the thing that concerns me aside from who killed her is where did all the money go ?
if you go to all the trouble of finding a source inside the department , that s one thing .
the sacramental wine is in there are he s a very cautious man about that sort of thing .
still ... at least one thing should have come up in the interviews , watt finished .
if he worked it right this thing might just build him a reputation and that could put him on to bigger things .
you know ... names , positions , occupations , their families ... that sort of thing .
7:00 ... time again to meet the morning ... time to embrace the day and face each new situation as if it were the most important thing that day ... this is the way he believed ... the way he transcended this life ... his look however , revealed that he was less than enthusiastic about greeting this day .
you 'd think he would have told them who i am ... just in case i called ... oh well no harm ... no big deal ... i realize he has more important things to do ... berry tried to shake it off .
i know ill feel better when its done ... one more thing checked off ... a little closer to my goal ... she immersed herself in the folder and dedicated her thoughts to completing the task at hand ...
well not always , but i could nt sleep , and was working on some things when i saw the reflections from the lights basically i wanted to know what was going on in my neighborhood berry was careful about his response not to say too much .
as the two men slipped through the doorway berry knew his mind was racing on too many things right now to be of any real help to dave , but using his best straight forward approach he summed up his feelings well dave , it looks like a professional hit to me .
dave was listening intently and was a little surprised himself to hear berry go into to such details after only a few moments on the scene that s a lot to discern from the little time you took to look things over you almost sounded like you knew exactly what had happened you sure you are nt working on something that has ties to this situation ?
she was thinking that her work was the most important thing in her life , and that sophia could never understand the loss she experienced or how it had affected her life she would change all that her work would change it so no one would have to go through that again !
i m aware of that berry i had already decided not to include all the big wigs and politics we have discovered , just to be on the safe side , but with this new evidence i probably need to get into the whole gambling thing in order to tie organized crime into the situation .
one thing at a time he would deal with what he had evidence on first and work on tip toeing around what information to give the chief later .
there was one thing that caught my attention just before you arrived in fact there was this nurse that got off the elevator looking for the maternity ward said she was new and was lost i told her it was on the 4th floor and she took off back down the elevator .
thanks was all berry said as he headed for the elevator at least he knew that lee was doing better he had a lot more things to follow up on and he would have to check on lees progress more closely some other time ...
he was almost certain something was wrong now she did nt give the name of the place they would meet , but instead called it their usual place she had always referred to it as grudermans deli because she liked the old couple that ran the place he was sure she was being evasive on purpose so as not to say too much over the phone dave , i need to step out for a bit myself it was dianne she wants to meet me in thirty minutes she was being very evasive over the phone like she did nt want anyone to hear it was sort of odd maybe it has something to do with this case i did ask her to check into a few things for me dave looked up at berry .
prima cord to be exact prima cord that was used to damage senator parks brake lines that caused him to be hit by a train but the most damning evidence is a witness a witness to you tampering with senator parks car just before it happened one you tried to run down but fortunately did not kill he recognized you both at senator parks car and as the driver that ran him over oh and one more thing we have your finger prints from the elevator on the floor at the hospital where the witness is recovering when you tried to finish the job we have a witness there also dave was pouring it all out and trying to make it sound like he had more that he actually did .
the next thing i knew , one of your officers was at the door .
now , although there was no phone , he must have had some suspicion things were going to get nasty , because we found a sim - card , in of all places , his shoe .
another thing we both know is that this is a game , maybe a dangerous one , nevertheless a game .
i will take my time in poring through the data you have provided , however , one thing stands out already .
this gap worries me because the street grapevine could scupper the whole thing .
there 's one thing in particular ... some things you said ... i , uh , oh forget it . ''
i said , ` ` dad , i ' m sorry about the car thing yesterday .
it 's a good thing i got that out before she turned around or i probably would have choked on the words .
there was another thing .
mr . wong was right about one thing .
there was another thing we had to doget rid of jock .
mr . zeebarth asked him and next thing i knew i was sitting in his office in front of a monitor .
` ` what do you think about me betting the whole thing at the next good opportunity ? ''
now that it 's over , go back and review the whole thing .
they fought about that a lot , like they had fought about every other damned thing in the world , but in the long run he was glad she had made him do it .
the only thing that was important to him was the bottom line ; he did n't care if the profit came from increasing sales or cutting expenses .
as far as the other thing , you are probably right to want to wait .
the only thing he cared about was whether or not the person had class , which he defined a little differently than you would ordinarily think .
he thought that for one thing it was sort of the price of doing business in certain countries and , what was more , he saw himself as kind and generous and he felt that if we could help people out by putting a few extra dollars in the pockets of our clients ' employees , well , what would be the harm .
for one thing , it seems to me that dealing in the importation and transportation of illegal migrant workers basically amounts to slave - trading , so i ' m not prepared to give them a medal for nobility .
the guy is a self - made multi - billionaire , so i assumed he had a pretty good nose for that kind of thing .
his thoughts were interrupted when karen dropped another bomb , there is one other thing .
he said , one thing for sure , you wo n't see my byline on any of those articles .
there s one thing you have nt mention , raina .
one more thing , sweetie , i said both mentally and out loud .
the next thing i knew i was trying to break out of someones hold .
and one more thing , its also a horrible way for vampires like you to die .
well , for one thing its fresh .
is it a race thing ?
its more a woman thing than a race thing .
its more a woman thing than a race thing .
it would be smarter to just forget the whole thing .
at that age , everything seems like the most important thing ever .
one more thing , tobey ?
that would probably be the right thing to dotry to smooth things over .
not as calm about this whole thing as he was .
i opened the door to get out and paused , thinking of one more thing .
he looked downright menacing or maybe i just felt more vulnerable today because of the shoe thing .
i shrugged , trying to be nonchalant about the whole thing .
this is the last thing i needed to deal with .
i could nt figure out what they were saying or planning , but all i could hope was that it was some sort of guy thing and that they each knew what the other was thinking .
as there 's no agenda , i assume we 're to discuss only one thing ? ''
yes , thomas was right , for a minor burn , getting it cool as soon as possible is the most important thing , to confine damage to just the skin .
it 's the sort of thing i 'd normally talk to my best friend about , but - well you see my predicament , do n't you ? ''
i tell you one thing , though , you will have to watch out for her sense of humour .
` ` it 's a good thing i tried for the steaks before the gravy is n't it ?
the important thing was to call on the power within himself , aided by rebel , to bond the two in front of him for life .
heres my number call me any time with the slightest thing .
i think i have one more thing to ask you now though , and then will be very glad of the files tomorrow morning .
as their hostess also rose to excuse herself , so their host showed the three guests to the door ; grey asking , so , is it usual for esther to decide things for herself , like when she visits her mother ?
cori mused , as if only for herself , the thing not even her best friend or social worker could help her with , but only a member of her family , her biological family the family that esthers present circumstances find her entirely divorced from , added grey , she living apart from both mother and father .
rose wound things up , glass , you ve men in place ?
as they stood by the car waiting , waldron , the afternoon guttering , sped up the narrative as if this was the last chance he d ever get to say the rush of things suddenly on his mind , this was what stella was fighting for ; not against the notion that people needed homes , not just exercising some personal nimby reaction , but expounding the belief that this was a bad design , a bad estate ; and that a new spirit of social collective goodwill may indeed illuminate such a place , and let those living there be the first ever generation not plagued by the old social ills , but the odds were always going to be against it ; and that this was no ones fault , not a failure of hope or skill , just the realistic understanding of one not caught up in the spirit of her times .
often , she is simply in the wrong place at the wrong time , and things go downhill quickly .
i think i almost won the whole darn thing because i kept adlibbing words to songs and making them about the people at the party .
it had to be a guy thing , because i was completely horrified by it all .
two years ago , we took the plunge , opened this place , and things have been going pretty well .
i am curious about one thing .
one last thing , my trucks are rather large and i do n't want to inconvenience your other tenants while i ' m moving in .
an elevator arrival meant no place to hide or run if things went awry .
so she suffered from a degree of ocdit could nt be him with his stained coffee tableand worked somewhere where she had to be perfect , where things had to be neat and ordered or at least could be without anyone believing it to be anything more than a good work ethic .
and then i saw her , clear as day in my mind , and next thing i knew it was you i was seeing .
i thought back , trying to force myself to remember but the last thing in my mind was telling tsang how many shots i had fired .
on saturday bootsy was at the wall and was overseeing things along with herb , and mr . applegate .
privately i was glad he had not become a guru about the whole thing .
she was so good at getting people to talk about themselves or engaging them in conversation about just routine things , like flowers or recipes .
amelia left very clear instructions , you know , i heard miss carey explain to the other lady , who had some questions about the way things were going to be done , but i do nt see a problem with the flower arrangement from the garden club my attention wandered .
there s one other thing we were worried about , he went on after she finished , ah , was it okay you going over there ?
while it thawed on the defrost option of my microwave i boiled up some long grain rice and threw the whole thing into a casserole dish .
it was true i seldom ordered an omelet , and never before had i eaten the whole thing .
while we fretted over the whole thing , i made the decaf coffee and went back to the kitchen to pour and to serve .
whether or not they find the guy is another thing , but he s real alright .
not too many people know this whole thing would not have been resolved if it was nt for you .
my attacker let out a cry in anguish and the next thing i knew was darkness .
better still , change the whole thing .
and i learnt that love was not a very ideal way to resolve the whole thing though because romeo and juliet had to sacrifice themselves in the end .
and should i say it is even sillier for you to think over the same thing every night ?
and there is one more thing troubling me .
but first things first , he had to check on his yellow rose .
the meeting would be short - lived because sam knew the last thing murphy wanted was to sweat in his one - hundred - and - twenty - five - dollar silk shirt .
murphy had no idea hilliard was involved in anything other than politics as usual , one hand washing the other sort of thing .
it 's a big thing for a woman to have to understand and to decide at one sitting .
it was a serious thing to be in the power of this spiteful old busybody .
there is one very singular thing , however : how came selden , in the darkness , to know that the hound was on her trail ? '
' very serious , indeed -- the one thing upon earth which could have disarranged my plans .
its the only thing we have to go on , carson , chuck conceded .
she must have dosed off , for the next thing she knew the nurse was shaking her .
maria was beside herself with anger that the whole thing had been handled so badly .
one thing that had shocked him was when the detectives had said rick sanchez was dead .
the depression , the thoughts of suicide and even homicide that plagued him now was a thing of the past .
but chuck , he was in his element when it came to this sort of thing .
but soon the whole thing was immaterial as out of nowhere , a late model jeep cherokee roared around the corner of the building .
he had disappeared , but one thing they were sure of he was going to try and finish the job .
the only thing he had to worry about was her asshole husband , buster .
the only thing ann is worried about is who s going to pay her rent if the papers are destroyed .
finally gail said , now that you re busy with other things , i hope you ll forget about who put the peanuts in the beans .
the way things are going , eventually you ll have so much business you ll be able to hire other guys to do the dirty work while you and i are sitting under those palm trees or skinny dipping in that cool lake .
i m not going to let a little thing like a personality peccadillo interfere with business .
was there a manager in place or had my uncle run things alone ?
and i really did n't want to go into the whole key inheritance thing .
i tried to think the whole thing through logically , with reason , distancing myself from the circumstances as though i were trying a case in court , but my heart would have none of it .
when she hung up and joined me at the table , my curiosity was almost more than i could bear , but i managed to swallow the food in my mouth and fork a dill pickle from the jar on the table as though lunch was the only thing on my mind .
another thing that puzzled me was why did he kidnap michele in the frst place ?
well , there is one thing .
there is just one thing that each of us needs to do this evening .
she savored her cup of coffee as she evaluated the first things with alma and bob .
for one thing , the mariners were playing and he had ordered the game on pay - per - view .
the other thing on his mind was even more important than baseball , but he wanted to get away from the bickering to think about it .
you take this real estate thing pretty seriously .
lets get going on the inn thing .
do you think it was right for me to start in on this house thing ?
what do you mean , this house thing ?
the whole thing was giving her a headache .
the whole tangled affair hinged on one thing , if only she could suss out what that was .
there s just one thing , she said , looking tentatively at gordon .
then , more softly , she said , there s one more thing .
it wo nt be the first thing that mark and i discuss with her .
but before we meet with adela , could you hear me out about one thing ?
one thing has me worried , though .
he stood before the grand splendor of the polished brass and gold plated elevators wondering about one thing .
and if i was to come to your place to give you some suggestions , i would not change one single thing .
well , one thing is for sure , garcia winked .
like killing at a suicide camp , some things just fell in place far too easily .
his relationship with kelly was nt the only thing suffering due to the extensive work hours .
the important thing is that she was happy while she was alive .
the important thing , in my point of view , was leaving him at the hotel and going straight to joos bar .
the only thing i must do is observe the detective that came from the mental institution making the same questions to the people without at least changing the sequence of his inquiry ; driving from one home to the other according to the photographs he selected and laughing at the people that still live in the past and that stop on their way just to see a police car just because it carries a detective that appeared on television .
the important thing is that i had the courage and got it off my chest ; something that i never did before .
the important thing , in my opinion , will be the opportunity of showing that it is possible to make things right when you learn to question your own actions , not only of the present as of the past , no matter how hard this may be .
well , i did n't mean to hurt you did n't mean to be unkind you know that was the last thing on my mind .
but he 'd been used by one and killed by the other and the only thing on his mind was revenge which he would enact by his silence .
that s the last thing i care about , who sleeps with who .
one other thing , thad .
she could go ahead and call safada , but instead decided to leave the whole thing for a few days , and see what the police might come up with .
one thing for sure , shed hire a body guard , and a good one , if she signed a listing agreement .
i d say she s taken it upon herself to spice things up .
i guess you meant it when you said spice things up , lt . rothschild said .
one more thing officer , was anybody home ?
so am i , but one thing still bothers me .
one more thing before we adjourn , i said .
one more thing , coach .
there 's one thing that occurred to me in there which i did n't mention to mr . fancy - pants - from - cincinnati .
steve works with a guy on that kind of thing already .
bev thought about delivering her standard lecture about concentrating on one thing at a time , but she did n't have the energy .
the most important thing is that he 's taking good care of the insured and he 's attempting to keep a lid on the growing turmoil in the community .
well , for one thing there 's nothing for me to do right now , so it 's a good time to get caught up on my housework .
for one thing , mom , is there any way you can make some kind of decision on this fire ?
i know that you may very quickly tender your limits and then you 'll be out of the whole thing .
however , she feared that if another adjuster took control at this delicate juncture , the whole thing would go to hell .
for one thing , i think the kid 's only potentially a danger to himself , and my wife is a psychiatric nurse .
as soon as she got in the car she said , oh , one thing i got ta do .
and she really wanted to finish the place today so she could submit her billing and get on with other things .
the other thing that s bugging me is the question of reburying cantone .
the other thing we have to do here is make sure that there are more than just the two of us gathering this evidence .
bart recovered enough to realize that the whole thing had slipped out of his control .
samantha , there is one more thing .
well , that s another thing .
that s the second thing i wanted to talk about .
there is one other thing that came up yesterday at the barbeque , chris added .
one more thing , dave said as ken and chris were leaving his office .
one thing , i was going to use the 3 - month revenue numbers as revised by the audit team .
you re too good a golf partner to let a little thing like screwing a good friends wife come between us .
i like to shake things up once in a while , perk up your taste buds , get your attention .
so many thoughts flooded my head , but the one thing that stood out for me was the green - eyed gnome .
i do nt think so susan , georges answered , although i am worried about one thing .
yes , there is a problem with the tampa stadium job and its not the kind of thing i can handle over the phone .
there is one other thing , i said remembering the voice as the intruder ran away .
one more thing , the bouygues president continued .
one more thing , the lab technician offered .
as ava and i stood up to depart , he said , oh , one last thing .
an overpowering urge to make things right by myself and by this house rose up in me .
that s not my thing .
you know that kind of thing .
someone must have seen something amiss , but we are going to let the sheriff handle this thing , right ?
the missing scarf seemed to be such an insignificant thing in and of itself .
this is the kind of thing that we were talking about earlier .
it seemed to me just another example of people making things more complicated than necessaryand that reminded me why i d wanted to meet bernard charles , the son of adele morgan charles in the first place .
if she were here i doubt the only thing i d want to talk to her about was the publishing process .
just one thing , i said .
trying to brain them with a tire - iron while they lie in a hospital bed is another thing entirely .
the police will be back here to question me about the whole thing soon enough .
oh , just one thing before i go .
the type of thing i deal with every day at work .
the only thing that matter is that whoever took ming wants it .
she was proud of her up bringing and would nt have changed a thing about it because that was what molded her into the person she was today .
one more thing , jim , he said seriously .
i would get the extra deputy as long as we did a few things for the forest service , jim was starting to get tired of explaining these issues , but told himself to be more patient .
that had made up for jim not having a family of his own , and he would nt change a thing for the world .
well , it was a good thing i was there to distract him , otherwise he would ve finished you off .
one thing is for certain though .
that was one more thing he did nt have to worry about .
there was just one more thing he needed to do .
mr . green , we know what happened out at hendersons , yesterday , and would like you to clear a few things up for us .
just one thing , jim said , seriously .
after i dumped my things in the locker , i knew the immediate place for gossip was the girls bathroom .
thing was , i knocked her desk and the jelly doughnut balancing on its edge slow - mod in the air .
dropping my things behind the green checkout counter , i looked for his bowling ball body .
knowing i was chancing getting caught , i leaned further over the rack , but my elbow clipped the top row , and the whole thing rained down like a hailstorm .
there was one last thing i needed to discuss ... annie hughes .
at first , i thought liam was going to let the whole thing slide , but his easy - go attitude suddenly shifted to a dark mania when we were behind closed doors .
next thing i knew , we were in my driveway , and when i opened my door , he literally skidded off with me falling out into the bushes .
we did nt have a chance to do anything , say anything , plan anything , because next thing i knew , i heard a man scream , stop !
` ` it 's a good thing you left them all behind .
jeff was a train wreck right from the beginning , but stellan was totally reserved about the whole thing .
` ` one more thing before you go . ''
` ` he was very chill about the whole thing . ''
` ` the circuit board 's kind of a minor thing in comparison . ''
something deep inside of him stirred , and he knew the mystery of this case was not the only thing that caught his attention .
in fact , her father continued , next thing i know , you ll be leaving and ill be eating cold tuna out of a can .
maureen told him shed deliver the information first thing in the morning .
the last thing on his mind was food , but finally his body adjusted and the smell of coffee , fried chicken and turnip greens set off hunger pangs .
one thing though , has she got any relatives ?
he could have begun it for a relatively minor thing and its just grown , overtaken him .
the one thing that william had nt bargained on was the road works , russell was savouring the story , he could nt hide the little smile as he recounted it , which had started on the corner of the back lane .
there s one thing which might help , tobin dropped in , casually , and you can add into the rosemary harper case if you want .
mrs . hartman , one last thing .
oh , yes , that 's the other thing .
okay , jury , heres the first thing you need to pay attention to .
look , the only thing on people 's minds at that time was finding anything that would get rid of the hiv .
for one thing , people seem to love to hear true - life stories about other people ; and look at the response that came in after the feature article was printed about me last november .
let me mention just one more thing , and then were going to leave these awful so - called hiv - antibody tests and move on to other issues .
so let me ask just one more thing : when you put someones blood on the hiv elisa test kit mixture , why do their antibodies react with the proteins , assuming they have the antibodies you re trying to find ?
the hiv test was now the last thing on anyones mind .
well , your honor , for one thing , i have nt seen these yet have nt been able to examine them , or study them , or prepare a cross - examination on them .
the main thing we had left to prove was that at least some of the children who were in the incarnation childrens center had died there from the drugs they were taking .
people would slam down the phone and refuse to talk to me , others got angry , and the whole thing took on this very strange feeling of intruding into another world the world of the dead .
for one thing , gallo was part of a failed war on cancer ; and he , like a lot of other virologists , was about to be out of a job .
that 's one less thing on my plate .
i could n't fail but to notice that olivia seemed eager to thin out my belongings , asking about each thing , ` ` are you certain you need this ? ''
then , the next thing i knew , the hole was being filled with dirt .
next thing you know pia 's finding bones in her back yard .
one thing of interest i had found though , was that not long after selling the property to pia , howard had liquidated all of his other assets ( nothing illegal about that ) and ' retired ' to some foreign island .
zoe nodded her answer and my mother continued , ` ` do n't you worry about a thing .
it just bothers me that evelyn acts like the only thing she cares about is her social life .
just one more thing , chief .
who told you such a confidential thing as that ?
just one more thing , paul .
by the way , there s just one more thing , jillian , before you go .
as he lay in bed and judged his surroundings and watching countless news reports one thing became more and more clear .
it was simply not his thing and furthermore , it may affect his way of earning a good income .
absolutely oh there was one more thing that i forgot to mention yes .
this whole thing is political .
he paced and thought about the whole thing .
taylor was sitting back and looking at the whole thing from a distance .
leave your name off it so we can avoid any changes in your angle on this thing .
` ` no , i 'll do that first thing .
suppose you 're gon na want to talk to him , first thing . ''
` ` first thing : do you know of anyone who might have been the one to shoot you ? ''
the important thing is that joey has to get the hell out of here before the bastards kill him .
she said they were scrambling to reevaluate the whole thing .
another thing for him to worry about . ''
i 'd like you to start with the chemical thing , bring the pressure up slowly .
` ` first thing , '' knowles said , ` ` anybody hurt ? ''
he shot again and the next thing i knew , louis was dragging me over to his house . ''
that way i 'll only have to fix a small hole , instead of the whole thing . ''
one thing cheered him , almost enough of a lift to reduce his other two issues .
lets let him think about things for a while , he said as he headed down the hallway for a cup of coffee .
it was the last thing lieutenant franklin and his task force wanted introduced to the entire community so he held a news conference at noon on the next day to try to quell some of the rumors that began flying around concerning the murders .
the wedding was something he hardly ever wanted to talk about , she figured it was just a guy thing , but tonight he was all lovey - dovey and even suggested moving the date up and getting married before they finished college .
the next thing he questioned was the incident in july when his daughter fran was attacked by someone right outside of her home during a rain storm .
and with young dave 's grasp of legal and bureaucratic jargon they might have been able to straighten out the whole thing - whatever it was .
' have you ever thought that you might be taking this meetings thing a bit too far ? '
as soon as bad people started to make mistakes , they were fatally weakened , because it no longer seemed that things would go exactly according to plan for them , and if one thing had gone wrong , then other things could too .
christopher no longer had a problem with that - all things considered , it was about the least weird thing that had happened lately .
you could pick a worse place to retire to , all things considered . '
they might have been able to straighten out the whole thing between them and avoid any fuss .
christopher hoped he was n't becoming blas about this kind of thing .
several minutes passed before i heard the familiar , ` ` come to me and let 's discuss one thing . ''
this habit had nothing to do with the sporadic rain that had me constantly adjusting my windshield wipers , and everything to do with andrea 's tendency to squeeze in ` ` just one more little thing before i go . ''
` ` one more thing , andrea .
but you think on this thing .
i silently scolded myself for almost asking if she ate the whole thing .
we went through the whole thing at the station .
it is not a thing for my god .
i shook my head , clearing it of the scrutiny , for above all things i am a gentleman and i know when it 's best to steer one 's mind out of unseemly places .
its just another heart thing .
i have to sort out that misunderstanding first thing .
well , i need to get another client or two first thing .
i can believe it , but listen , we can straighten out the ministry thing at leastwe can figure out how you can serve these guys in their need , because in reality , this one family in this major crisis could be the whole reason god has you at harvest school of the bible .
did she text to reschedule to show that it was a casual thing and not any kind of drama , or did she call to show that she still really , really , wanted the date but the change could nt be helped ?
your first thing or mine ?
its not true , for one thing , and its irritating for another .
i have one last thing .
the big thing though is the air inside .
it was n't terribly expensive , but it was the principle of the thing .
i ' ve got one more thing for you .
there is one other thing , he said .
but lin was right about one thing .
once thing , detective .
ai nt one thing gon na make it right now .
she takes the whole protect the family name thing very seriously .
its only a little thing , i said .
i could see that someone , i thought perhaps sir bentleys men , had straightened the place out as best they could , but that we would have to get a joiner round there to fix a few things , and flora and marjorie would certainly need new mattresses and pillows before they could move back there .
but there might be some small detail that would explain the whole thing .
she knew he was going to judge her for each thing she pressed with the keys .
my little fan , one thing you need to remember when you are dealing with me , is that i am not now , nor have i ever claimed to be , a real gentleman , so if you are expecting me to follow some customary rules , you better change your mind .
at first we thought we could finish the story quite easily , and we set to work with confidence ; but it soon began to appear that it was not a simple thing , but difficult and baffling .
betty opened the screen door so i could get in easily and not drop the whole thing , to the dogs delight .
i sat with my coffee and newspaper and tried to work things out in my mind .
things were getting too complicated , and i felt compelled to get shannons trunk to its rightful place .
i did nt have any specific questions to ask him , but it just seemed as if this simple thing had turned into a complex thing .
i did nt have any specific questions to ask him , but it just seemed as if this simple thing had turned into a complex thing .
but i was beginning to take the whole thing personally , which i knew would suck me in .
* * * it was usually about after the first mile that my mind would start to let go of whatever things it was worrying about , and allow me to walk along the river and enjoy the open sky and exuberant green riparian growth .
pieces that would be logical to me , and then i could let the whole thing go .
well , one thing i think that is significant is that it seems barry kept shannon isolated , and controlled her story , and i think that s a red flag .
but the thing that interested me was the condition of nueva oportunidads files .
the perp , eddie johnson , has already spilled the whole thing to officer ryan in town .
i wish i d grabbed another shell for this dammed thing .
laughing , he realized that he wished this same thing every time things went wrong .
she wondered if robert decorated this room himself years ago , or if he d moved into this office and never touched a thing in it .
first thing , after breakfast .
well , that s the important thing .
the only thing that s important is getting the custody settled .
but the important thing is that you know what really happened .
would nt it be nice to spice things up sometimes ?
her mind felt all mixed up and the best place for her to think things through and sort out her feelings was right here , listening to the water lapping at the wooden pillars under her feet .
one thing for sure , she did nt have to answer him .
delaney settled hands to her hips and said directly , i know men like you , mr . harris , and you re interested in one thing and one thing onlymoney .
jack was a thing of the past and delaney would allow him no power in her life .
clem drove an older model , a barebones model truck , meaning the only thing between their feet was the gear shiftnothing substantial she could brace her boot against for a leap out the window .
hissing at each other like two angry possums is nt gon na solve a thing .
` ` yeah , there was one thing .
` ` thank you , this is all very helpful , but there 's just one more thing .
` ` one more thing , '' she said , reaching to her throat and pulling out a small stone pendant hanging from a leather thong around her neck .
we already caught the killer , that 's the most important thing . ''
first thing : he had to get rid of his torn suit .
the next thing i remember was waking up on an operating table .
` ` oh hey one last thing , mom tells me you met the one - when am i going to hear about this girl ?
taking a trip was the furthest thing from my mind .
` ` it 's a good thing you did n't hesitate leah or we would n't be here . ''
these were things he did nt care to be thinking of , but there was nt a damn thing he could do to prevent the thoughts from trickling into his mind as he sat in the silent and lonely gas and grocery store .
however , it was true that the cia did nt have a thing on how the tiny city of pegramville did business .
the next thing i knew he was outside , and the windows were still closed and latched , bubba said .
sure , she could run an illegal gambling ring , keep that secret , keep the local police right off of her back but a little thing like a degree , she had to share to every cotton - picking body in the world .
~ ~ ~ chapter seventeen bubba has an epiphany and goes to jailagain saturday once more bubba was aware that the conversation in the pegram caf died out again as he stared at that last thing that had niggled him so .
yeah , and one other thing .
one more thing before you crash , t.k .
one more thing , sunny said .
the last thing i want is this beautiful and unspoiled region to be full of ex - pats and germans buying property on every corner and propping up every bar and taking over restaurants , as they have done in brittany .
they may even have thought i was having an affair with her which really was the last thing on my mind .
on the monday evening i brought sally over to play with annette and it occurred to me when i was having coffee with chrissie that eamon might have mentioned things to her .
the last thing i needed was confrontations like these and i still needed time to think things out .
yes , but the important thing is how we feel , it does nt matter about them .
one thing puzzled him though .
my daughter sally was all that i was concerned about and her protection was the only thing that was important .
but one thing was definite ...
its a business thing , i said .
you do nt want that kind of thing on your mind , do you ?
my pride would nt let me be lousy at the tasks he assigned , so i kept getting more difficult jobs like this thing with gavin .
and there s one more thing , i said .
before he hung up on me , i said , there s one more thing .
she looked at me with those heavy red - rimmed eyes and i considered calling the whole thing off .
if i d known what restaurant aaron had in mind , i d have had second thoughts about the whole thing .
but a little thing like a back was nt going to stop him .
not a thing , millicent said .
the only thing worse would be owing chuck .
mom and dad went and that s the important thing .
just one last thing , richard said as he replaced the top on his pen and slid it neatly into his top shirt button .
but i ' m a good few years older than that , but that s not the only thing that i ' m hoping you do nt find out about , thought to himself behind the guise of an awkward smile as he too rose to leave .
for one thing saying so would ve broken some unwritten rule where you agree with whatever a mate says about their partner regardless of whether you agree with it or not .
it was nt as if he had started out with the intention of killing her or causing her any kind of harm , it 's just that things had gotten rather out of hand far too quickly and he d lost control of the situation , without having had a proper exit strategy in place .
harry may or may not be many things , but one thing that he had always tried to be was to be methodical and go about things in a systematic way .
the main thing now was gaining information from what was left : blood group and some indication of timing for the attack .
' the first thing to find out is who in the village might have seen your boy between midday and three pm .
the only thing we know for sure is that you were seen at three o'clock by madame villan , coming out of the lane at breuille 's farm . '
one thing i meant to ask .
there was only one thing left to worry about , but hopefully chapeau would be visiting the hospital soon , if he had n't already done so .
the only thing still to decide was whether he went back that night or waited till the next morning .
hope that is useful , but as you appreciate we like to keep that sort of thing quiet with public officials .
the only thing jean - luc had shown any interest in was the trial , seeing justice done .
she gradually wound things down , let gigio finish his description of discovering an old car tyre one day on his way home from school with a friend , and how they rolled it back to the farm - then brought eyran back out of hypnosis .
the first thing we need to know is if the regression and its main character are real .
i m enjoying myself , which is the most important thing .
there s just one other thing , he says , and the look he gives me is basically asking permission .
i thought it over a bit , though , and decided to try and be mature about the whole thing , and also have some fun with it .
not that it would be much of a fight anyway , but its easier if i do nt have to argue with him over every little thing .
this is one thing bob and i do agree 100 % onit would nt be christmas without them .
for one thing , we have no record of monica , timmy or even ashley ever having been admitted to that particular hospital .
there is just one more thing , sir ?
perhaps , detective love , but for one thing .
ashley , excuse me , but just one more thing .
there is one last thing .
one more thing , mr taylor .
the slightest thing which is insignificant to most other persons .
there is one last thing , love said .
emma had been understanding and cool about the whole thing .
i daresay you d know a lot more about that sort of thing , mr love .
love narrowed his eyes as his mind went over his theories , the bike , the anonymity , it all added up except for one thing .
yeah , that 's definitely a small town thing ...
she knows how to handle that sort of thing .
but back to the shoe thing .
he 'd fly into a rage at the least little thing .
she found him in his office , as she hoped to do first thing .
` ` there is one thing more , '' doctor leverett said .
` ` get that thing to forensic as soon as you get back to hq .
he said hell do it first thing tomorrow morning .
i think the biggest thing on her mind was that she had let you and the school down .
laura could see josh was struggling and the last thing he wanted to do was to talk to her , but she had come this far and she really needed to carry on .
josh , the important thing is that you re now trying to put right what you did .
one thing stu friedman , her managing editor at the current , and she did agree about was a newspapers finances .
he was fiddling with that leatherman one minute and the next thing i know he was all over the controls , and we were in a nose dive .
the important thing was that she know he still loved her , and that he promised she and the kids would hear from him again one day .
one thing at a time , delilah smiled while shrugging her shoulders .
she was the only thing which mattered to him .
next thing i knew , she held out her arms to the teenager and the girl flew across the room , flinging herself in my mothers lap with a sob of pure misery .
but when i went on to college , it became my own thing .
she had been driving in a panic , her worry over julia the only thing on her mind .
getting to julia was the most important thing .
she fastened it about my neck , saying , ` ` one thing only remains to complete the great marriage .
by the time i was fifteen or so i began to feel that the whole thing was getting seriously out of hand and a light of wanton fanaticism was beginning to gleam in the eyes of the priesthood .
` ` ok . second thing .
` ` i did n't know you were into that sort of thing , '' said alicia .
leaving the other things for later , they went in search of a suitable place , and found it in a little dip , sheltered from the slight breeze and from the view of any person passing on the track .
but everyone standing there did have one thing on their mind , curiosity as to why kaitlyn let the twins and brad push her around those first few days if she could have taken them down so fast .
` ` one thing though , '' k carried on , ` ` i ' m gon na be away from here for days at a time .
after that he 'd have to go back to work , but he figured he could have the whole thing tied up before then .
` ` one more thing , '' he turned back , ` ` talk to the dinner ladies . ''
` ` there was one more thing , '' josef said , and leaned forward conspiratorially .
` ` yes sir , one more thing sir .
` ` mmmm '' ` ` and another thing , '' she continued , ` ` making the boys shower and stuff .
for one thing , i d have to walk past the spot it happened .
i agree , but i usually try to take one thing at a time .
she shook her head and gritted her teeth , i 'd make a great detective except for one thing .
or , if they do , they want to argue with me about every damned thing .
that was the thing that mattered .
bev laughed and said , the main thing i want to ask is if i can move in here permanently ?
first thing is fine with me .
they like the fact that i devote myself totally to one thing at a time .
i m not changing a thing .
in her opinion , lily did seem genuinely confused about the whole thing .
he does nt care about that sort of thing .
daniel thinks we should rethink the whole thing .
harcourt fought with her on every little thing .
scanning the titles on the wall , she blithely reported , most of your informations correct , except for one thing .
as you say the only thing which was important was leaving today .
one other thing did come to mind while i was there .
if that person is german it would be the first thing i d be considering .
such a small thing and it led to disaster .
` ` just one last thing .
one big thing .
` ` superior breeding never allows a little thing like personal feelings to interfere with one 's social endeavors .
` ` seriously , can i call you on the phone and maybe take you to dinner or is this just a ' thanks for being here , but let 's pretend it did n't happen ' kind of thing ? ''
i felt larrys arms go around my neck , and the next thing i knew , i was enveloped in a big , tear - laden hug .
the only thing that mattered was getting this case solved and solved damned quickly .
she could feel a deep throbbing somewhere in the region of her left shoulder , but her head was so muzzy it was hard to concentrate on any one thing for more than a few seconds .
six weeks ago the only thing on her mind had been going to ground , leaving carlos and the feds scratching their heads in confusion .
arden finished the job of unsnapping bills shirt with an unconscious single - mindedness that would have shaken her , had she not been so intent on one thing , and one thing only .
arden finished the job of unsnapping bills shirt with an unconscious single - mindedness that would have shaken her , had she not been so intent on one thing , and one thing only .
how dare he even begin to imply such a thing ?
one thing was for certain , tom had never made her as dangerously angry as she was right this second .
of all the things shed dealt with recently , bill ashton was the last thing she wanted to touch upon .
of all the things shed dealt with recently , bill ashton was the last thing she wanted to touch upon .
before it could , i had to remind myself of one thing .
it was n't just that i was a little touchy on the whole successful and wealthy thing .
' i might write bullshit advice on romance , but i feel obliged to point out one thing .
and another thing , -dont you see ?
you can certainly try , but there s one other thing .
but all agree on one thing .
one last thing before we go , ms . bailey , he motioned to the officer and turned to leave .
you heard him about the obstruction thing and he could even be in trouble for talking with us about anything to do with the investigation .
i can check out the insurance thing and ill see if i can track down willie for a chat , he said .
my undergrad degree had been in chemistry because i flirted with the idea of going to medical school , but the only thing i really loved mixing and fixing were recipes for the best baked goods in the world , so i never pursued it .
next thing i knew the door opened again .
the whole thing is still in the talking phase , we have nt even decided on any pr stuff or a ad campaign or anything .
next thing i know , the haas family pull out of the garage and leave forever , and my dad and the new shadow pull in .
you do nt have to investigate every single thing , maggie .
next thing i know , my voice replaces the sound of our slow , deep breaths .
there is one , maybe one for every little thing , but still .
i have one thing left to do here and once that s done , i m leaving .
next thing i know , millie is standing on the porch in her modest black one - piece swimsuit .
i let her hang out in my room while i shower , mostly i want to get rid of the b & e i did first thing this morning .
twenty the first thing i notice is the huge crowd of people dancing .
the next thing i know his lips are kissing the overflow cleavage the sexy dress provides .
next thing i know hard hands are shaking me and michael is moving in .
i m impressed when he orders a large veggie pizza and hits it like he can pack the whole thing away .
the rage builds and next thing i know i m headbutting him .
one thing is for certain , emotions are high .
then there s the other thing .
next thing i know , michael drops to his knees , in his chest are four darts sticking out .
i m concerned that things could get out of control like they did causing your children to get bit in the first place if there are too many wolves involved who are also unfamiliar with each other and considering my mens aversions , i do not even want to send for them .
there is one other thing , sir .
just one other thing , would you object to us taking your fingerprints for elimination purposes , sir ?
well if this intuition thing was working , you would know you do nt have a thing to worry about with david and yet you still keep doubting him .
the knitting circle girls , as rose liked to call them , had rallied around mary and were encouraging her to get back into the swing of things .
just one thing , and i do nt want you think i m nitpicking , kip mentioned .
one more thing , eddie .
` ` agent sanchez , another thing , dave schlumms daughter did nt see any flowers from randy .
one thing decided for today . ''
go to bed heres , and do not ponder over this thing , it is for us that are old , your life is still before you and it is bright .
ibisia is on the warpath we have run thin on our number of allies , most that have strengthened his arm are from our own race , and one thing must be accomplished to avert our doom .
one more thing my lord .
she told me about the will , about the money , and how she wanted me to handle the whole thing .
things might be getting pretty messy here in a day or so , and you might want to keep clear of the place altogether for a bit . ''
` ` i ' m going to ask the prettiest girl i know if i can borrow her car again , and then i ' m going to go to salinas to wrap this whole damn thing up in a nice pretty bow , '' clay says , standing up from maggie 's desk , and embracing her around the waist .
i told myself i could do it , i would focus on one thing at a time , and before long all my work would be finished and then i would let myself stress over everything else that was wrong in my life .
the first thing i want to ask , i said , is what your future plans are for the riverbelle casino .
now , the important thing is to not look like a slob , like you usually do when you re home .
i did nt mean to kill ethan , but then the whole thing got tied up so nicely .
for one thing strake , an experienced and wealthy oilman , had been on the presidents energy council and the conservative president was very popular in river sunday .
smote added , one thing for sure .
he was nt afraid to step up and meddle in affairs about which many of us would never bother ourselves , things which we should have done if we had loved this place as much as he .
theys one more thing .
one thing was certain though : so far , the only proved wrongdoers in this affair are all these unreasonable people who were deceiving each other .
as a friend , i will have a better vision of things and i will be able to determine if i m in denial that i let my emotions get the better of me or that this connection between us is convincing enough ; that i know him so well that he would nt have done such a thing .
one thing was certain though , this tape that he held in his hands was about to disclose information that can not be refuted .
one thing was certain though ; he is the most exhilarating man i have ever met .
i do nt remember exactly what happened but one thing is certain ; john made me feel love again , he made me believe in it again , and worship it .
i let aaron start and the first thing on the agenda was capital punishment .
truth , honesty that sort of thing , maybe .
you would n't think that people 'd worry about that sort of thing out in the sticks , but they do .
and i 'll tell you one thing for goddamn sure , i ai nt gon na hang for nobody , least of all for you crazies .
one more thing i had to worry about .
i was talking things over with kellie this morning when johnny came in to ask her what she wanted him to pick from the garden .
as i listened to all the talk , one thing bothered me .
the important thing now is to hook you up with vulcan security and they ll babysit you until everyone is satisfied you re no longer in danger .
is nt there one important thing to consider first , before we start wondering where michael gurne is ?
the important thing is we ve still got time to get this mess fixed .
too much tension between divorcing spouses before that shooting in the pasture and the one man who tried to rescue the damsel in distress was missing ... . there s just one thing i have to ask .
anyhow , one thing was sure : that harrison had some ties with the coopers , so he ca nt be trusted .
one thing was definite : kiara was not going to relent so easily .
she could never think that they were keeping an eye on such a trivial thing .
however , one thing was sure : it was definitely going to be interesting to work with her .
one other thing that was bothering kiara since last night was the diary pages left at her place .
just one thing : how much do you think chris loves sarah ?
that brought another thing to her mind : she had to visit the factory tomorrow .
she kept thinking about how to approach the whole thing .
another thing that bothering her was how to contact the kidnappers .
the important thing to note is that miss edwards was kidnapped in portland on her way to kingston .
there is one other thing , jake said with hesitation .
he would never miss a small thing like a zero .
seven sisters was a place where life and death happened , where fear and hope resideda place where things were lost and things were found .
i guess it is a woman thing .
one thing seemed way out of place .
the glamour thing was like this corporate job i have .
well , if you re going to want to date women and things like that , you might want to get yourself a real place .
well , there was so much in theredoug wrote down everything , and he did nt exactly file things chronologically , so ... anyway , there was one thing that got me thinking .
it was such a small thing , the joint viewing .
even when i was a teenager , in the eighties , drive - ins were becoming a thing of the past .
i really should not have to walk her through things like that , but the fact that she does not seem to process things that way is likely why she had come to fetch me in the first place .
the most important thing at the moment was to keep claire quiet .
that only leaves someone deliberately trying to wreck things for claire .
you want me to believe that the only thing in potential jeopardy was claires good jewelry , he replied .
getting back to derek , there was only one thing that could extricate him from such a poorly chosen end to his disagreement with his fianc ( whose eyes were about to pop out of their sockets because she was glaring at him so intensely ) .
` ` you obviously thought that inspector pritchard was capable of handling things , or you would n't have supported him being hired in the first place , ashley told him .
i m not asking you to throw a celebratory party over the whole thing .
the only thing she wanted to concentrate on was the painting .
yes , one of the inmates saw the whole thing .
the next thing i knew , one guard was signaling for me to follow .
the only thing i have always been unsure of was the face it would wear , hitler said .
i decided to cover the whole thing up somehow .
she thought so , and that s the important thing .
in a few cases , i m actually the one who makes the initial contact with the donor and i handle the whole thing .
she had forgotten one thing : he was local , the mp for a cheshire town .
but he had one last thing to contribute : from his high vantage point , he saw the planes coming .
you do n't have to worry about a thing .
having sex in a new place gets things excited and a bit risqu .
after a second cup of very strong coffee , things began to clear .
the only thing on my mind was the clown and how to get the sonovabitch .
she s still upset about the whole thing and is considering scrapping the entire recipe .
if it had been a sex thing , he would n't have minded , but it was n't .
i suppose those who were aware of her effect on watches knew it to be a thing of minutes per day and did not think to mention it when the inspector spoke of a discrepancy of forty minutes .
each dish is a thing of the moment and of what is to hand ; chance supervised by an artist .
life is not about wasting time on one single thing .
i got lucky on one thing .
the man seemed as polite about such a thing as a person could be , but its hard not to think evil about a man who makes his living delivering bad news like that .
i had to agree with bob north about one thing ; the government really did nt need that money more than a common citizen .
the most important thing was to find out what he knew about my suspect .
the next thing i recall was being hauled by my ankles down the steps outside and into the open air .
besides the more important thing is you rescued amber and nancy , plus you found eva prince .
the important thing was i still had a chance to win this thing , save nancy and the baxter girls , and end this bastards killing .
i got lucky on one thing ; nancy knew how to operate the radio .
you think its locked and next thing you know the window is swinging open in the wind .
anyway , sorry to bother you , but on this biography thing ?
next thing i knew , other arms were working with me .
i know you do nt care for the refreshments , but you ll see , its a social thing .
well , the first thing we have to do is see that she does nt get it againor any of the other people on the floor .
lucinda gave jamie a slight nod and said , tell her about anna , and then ill tell her about the other thing .
my experience in these things is that sometimes that 's the only thing i can do .
bev made a face and said , for one thing , mother , there 's quite a bit of food left over that emily and i will eat for lunch tomorrow .
for another thing , i ' m not going to leave this food out over night to smell up the house .
the most important thing for me is that it has to have easy access to the airport .
the marriage became toxic for everybody at that point , and they spent the next ten years battling in court over the only thing in the marriage that both of them wanted : me .
you know that kind of thing does not go over in stanforth .
well , for one thing , there 's a rumor that the san antonio cops are trying to get a warrant to search walker 's house in gatlinburg .
he told you something and then the next thing i know , he returned the money you paid him for the house .
tamra said , i do n't know for a fact , but it is my opinion that walker manipulated the whole thing .
oh , and another thing , ' sam tutted to himself .
we were both far too upset to think about such a thing . '
and another thing , ' he continued , well into his stride now .
if he wanted to he could stop right now , dump the whole thing in the wastebasket .
the one thing he had nt figured out was getting that asshole hyde to leave town .
it is a serious thing to respect the wishes of the deceased , and mr . melamed is not as unfeeling as he may sometimes seem .
it is only a little thing , but it comes from my heart .
i did not wish to speak in front of the servants , he said , but i am curious about one thing .
the only thing he wanted right now was to get back to the charger and his drink .
today not going well , not knowing what 's happening , desire to tell the truth which will make this difficult , maybe tomorrow will meet jvl and will go visit xlx ltd . and take away the thing that is most important , but the bribes and corruption will continue until we stop it and the murder was something we should have taken to the police but not sure who to trust hyder had to stop .
he thoroughly researched trigate , which he did on every new client , and the only thing that mattered was whether they were able to afford his substantial fee .
so , all this trouble was for this one thing ?
` ` this whole thing will end up being a federal matter and it would be hard explaining why we let a civilian onto the crime scene . ''
i do need to show my support of the governor but you 're forgetting one thing .
that was the only thing he and oscar argued about .
there was one thing i had to do before i found the gunman .
my mind just stuck on one thing ; what would she do with timmy ?
cause since you mentioned it ; its the only thing on my mind .
its not going to change a thing .
the family had enough pull to get the whole thing swept under the table , but the oklahoma city police were still pretty unhappy with lances past behavior and general disregard for law and order .
ill handle this thing tonight .
one other thing lawson .
next thing i know his two creeps got me by the arms .
perhaps it is time for more serious negotiations before this thing gets entirely out of hand .
one thing was certain she needed to decode the message .
yes , i ve got him hanging out of an elevator i mean helicopter and i need to know what it feels and sounds like , how big the helicopter is , how high up , that sort of thing .
the only thing that seemed clear was drakes bodythe eye of the stormeverything else was a blur of events encircling it .
next thing i knew my other leg was hooked up and i was carried into the room , the door was shut and i was pressed against it .
i wallowed in that fantasy for a while , but as with all my fantasies at the moment jake griffin turned up and made the whole thing feel way hotter .
crystal and edwin left promising to see me first thing in the morning .
the only thing on her mind was that her mother was hurt and that she needed to find her .
i m really not sure , one minute we were ready to cross the street , and the next thing i knew , you d stepped off the curb and a car came out of nowhere .
the next thing i knew , his lips were firmly on mine .
i knew one thing for sure ; it was going to be extremely hard to kiss my date in front of abraham lincoln and sweet old mr . haynes .
when i caught evidence on an investigation if i was alone , i knew it was the real thing , and not just noise from another living person .
it was a good thing none of the spirits needed their own room or i d have to open my own hotel to accommodate them .
that was nt the only thing he d kept his eye on .
the next thing i knew , callahan had tilted his head slightly to one side and leant in close to my lips .
at least the class had given me some time to reflect , and i decided one thing .
i knew one thing for sure , though : if mrs . williams did nt leave me alone tonight and stop with the singing i would have to invest in earplugs .
well , there is one additional thing i wanted to mention to you .
the next thing i knew , shed be inviting me to her wedding .
one thing was for sure , she did nt look like a witch , with her smooth long blonde hair .
the doorknob rattled , and the next thing i knew , the door had cracked open ever so slightly .
and then bam , you ask again , and the next thing i know i m twirling on a pole , bruising the heck out of my butt .
not a thing , i said , but we both knew that was a big lie .
then i m heading to gerties place to work on a few things .
i m going through some of dads things , trying to put the place back together .
after she sifted through the entire thing , i wondered what little sprinkling she 'd give me .
i planned to sip my beer slowly and hoped the crowd would clear out a little so i could speak to the bartender without twenty other sets of ears picking up the whole thing .
the next thing i knew he sidled across the roompardon me , but that 's the only word i can think of for that walk of his . ''
` ` there 's one other thing i still have n't entirely resolved , '' i told him .
eric explained , this whole thing that dagger brought up is playing havoc with nicks head .
for one thing , the line could snap at any moment , as the wind was picking up and the canoe beginning to rotate around the line .
there is a suddenness to the whole thing that is puzzling at first .
your mind abruptly figures the whole thing out , and you claw your way to the surface , gasping as your head gets back into the element it was designed for .
for one thing , the portage yoke , which fits on your shoulders , is in the center of the canoe .
next thing i knew , he took the copter up and around the nearest hill .
you 're trying to be all male polite and buddy - buddy with this cop , but you know he 's probably got you on a list of suspects and there have to be other things to talk about except the thing you do nt want to talk about and ill do nicely , wo nt i ? ''
you 're trying to be all male polite and buddy - buddy with this cop , but you know he 's probably got you on a list of suspects and there have to be other things to talk about except the thing you do nt want to talk about and ill do nicely , wo nt i ? ''
one other thing , i said .
that s first thing .
i sat in the parking lot and thought about the whole thing a lot .
then i laid it on ned , the whole thing , from my throne on the lawn chair , while patrick made his way down the steep hillside to rinse the mud out of their clothes .
for one thing , the us is only a mile or so across the detroit river .
people hereabouts seemed dedicated to not discussing the only thing they had to discuss .
things were more comfortable as we settled down , phil and i on our lawn chairs and the women , heather and nancy , on the ground , resting against a couple of boulders .
is there a paddle for this thing ?
i did nt thing aisha would approve of my act , but if i had my way , aisha was nt ever going to find out .
well , i said , bill and alice here are nt going to say anything if there s a chance they can pin the whole thing on cork .
can you imagine having nothing to do but feel the wind in your leaves and think about things ?
so i started talking about the weekend , going over the whole thing , in case he d missed some of it before .
um , for one thing , the snacks are nt required .
yet one thing seemed certain : jennifer weatherby had been at the bombay spa on monday .
if he did kill his wife and set me up , one thing was for certain .
the cabinet i had directed him to for the douche bidet ( to my knowledge there was no such thing , but i guessed dickhead was nt up on these things ) was a cabinet i knew he d never open in a million years if i asked him to .
the only thing i m concerned about is that your stint in jail is nice and long .
and then i saw her eyes shift , and felt a presence loom up behind me , and i swung around on my heel , just as the knife came up , and the last thing i saw was rafe colliers face ; dark eyes narrowed in concentration as he prepared to cut my throat .
i had no answers , just more questions , so i went on to pondering the next thing , which was clarices death .
one thing particularly .
he did nt have his thing hanging out but he was rubbing the front of his pants while he looked at her .
now , there s just one more thing .
oh , just one more thing , i said .
the important thing is that i believe she found out .
next thing i knew , the witchs ladder appeared in my hand .
he called me in a panic , said he was standing next to some woman on the platform , talking to her , and the next thing he knew , she stepped off the edge right into the path of the oncoming train .
leona , you do nt need to worry about a thing , i told her .
the next thing i knew , leonas apartment descended into chaos .
damn thing , he eventually said , and turned off the set .
watching ray i wondered if i should just chuck the whole thing .
he claims ramus was going to help him with this other thing .
you know lucky , when you first asked me about the rhodes thing the other day , i think i asked you to not stir up trouble .
rising to the demands of his own role , the manager would ask him if everything was all right with the apartment , and taking his cue , francis would assure him that everything was indeed to his satisfaction ... well , there was one thing .
` ` well , for one thing , it is customary to know a little about the person who 's moved into your house while you 're away . ''
the whole thing has been one colossal misunderstanding .
` ` there is one other thing i think i should mention to you , miss toner , '' detective sylvester said as he stood in the hall , his hand resting on the vestibule doorknob .
the only thing of which pat montgomary was absolutely certain today was that he had to have that young lady where he could keep an eye on her .
and there 's one other thing .
and one other thing : mr . montgomary is not a ' faggot . '
` ` there is , however , one more important thing i think we should clear up , mr . montgomary .
` ` there is one thing , mr . montgomary , '' he said .
` ` there is one other thing , '' he said to her .
the whole thing was a puzzle whose pieces did n't fit together .
for one thing , he did n't care , and for another , the books were never written like that .
` ` such things are why you never rose higher than captain , gabriel .
i poured the coffee , scooped sugar in by the tablespoon , splashed in the milk ( only one day late ) and topped the whole thing off with a load of cinnamon .
` ` whether it 's a ploy or not , you should leave the whole thing alone and start carrying the taser , '' james said .
the whole thing was surprisingly comfortable considering that we did n't really know each other at all .
` ` this is a mother - daughter thing , bill , '' i told him with a very fake smile on my face .
why not take the whole thing outside and put the girls to work doing the obvious ?
january , chrissy said , coming up on the fbi guys other side , and leaning on him so her cleavage would be the only thing he could see .
i thought we were being so ... adult about the whole thing . ''
i d noticed jack and other men perform the same operation , so it was nt just a woman thing .
one more thing , i insisted .
loria was looking at me , with one thing clearly on her mind .
one more thing , i said , walking toward him .
last thing i remember was the feeling of peace ?
blood , no longer the only thing i could concentrate on was shoved to the back of my mind as the smell of urine and other things assaulted my senses .
` ` well , for one thing , if you do n't get tenure , you do n't get to keep your job . ''
the only thing on the spreadsheet is the candidates i d number and how many votes .
yeah , well it ai nt no little thing any more .
he thought about having sihk meet him off site , but he had to control his suspicions , he could nt let one little thing undermine his relationship with jane .
as we walked up toward ethans room it occurred to me that there was one thing i wanted to do before we went to his room to discuss strategy .
a zillion thoughts were going through my brain , but i knew that one thing was crucial to our investigation and we had to start there , vanessa martins funeral .
he had only ever been to his sisters and except for remembering talking to me , the whole thing was a big blank for him .
it was the whole chivalry thing , i thought .
there s just one thing i still do nt understand why did judge lamond bail me out ?
oh , one last thing , said greene .
one thing i know for sure , the real seattle strangler is someone mrs . stevens knows personally .
next thing ya know , you ll have alien abductions and the kennedy gig on your mind .
be it lutheran , or catholic , or baptist , or pentecostal , it all came down to one thing .
this is not even a thing of mere vengeance , or tooth for tooth .
when lauren flipped on the lights , the itinerary was suddenly the last thing on our minds .
and that was nt the only thing sizzling .
since the only thing i ve been working on is esmes murder i guess maybe its related to that .
we had a few glasses of wine , and then next thing i know she s got my clothes off .
well it is a womens thing , generally , poison , barcroft reflected , but its those doll effigies that spook me .
the last thing she saw was a glowing tear slipping down his cheek- the last thing she felt was her body being gently lifted and drawn upward by many gentle hands - the last sound she heard was the wail of an infant .
her thoughts kept flitting from one thing to another .
one thing was certain , they had n't kidnapped me to collect a ransom .
` ` well , for one thing , they 're the wrong sex . ''
the only thing that had caught my attention was greg 's signature on the vet exam .
but he had the balls to imply that i 'd started the whole thing .
greg : the glass by her bed , and - one more thing - this .
still , there s one thing kinda playin with my brain , he said .
however , you are mistaken concerning one thing , he said .
he had time to spare because , for one thing , he did nt have to field any more calls from ms . adams , demanding this or that ... all of it asap .
by 8:55 shed almost convinced herself to forget the whole thing .
one thing is for sure , in every way that matters , he s a beast !
not the usual thing at all .
i think the thing everyone here really wants to hear about is the ratio of sheep to the population in remuera .
you act like its a personal thing against you or something .
they have to be organized somehow , and have connections , and that sort of thing , right ?
if one thing did go wrong , i would be getting a lot of people in trouble .
this whole thing is a mess .
it 's a totally speculative thing is n't it dr . gordon .
how emma wished she could laugh but right that minute the only thing she had on her mind was getting out of that house , which she nearly achieved , only to be turned back at the spot of the attack .
` ` look , the only thing that was discussed tonight was taking a second look at the houses .
i ' m a hopeless , helpless , thing for you to take care of .
` ` the last thing in this world you need to worry about is your job , just because you ' ve gotten stuck with us city folk .
she would just about kill to go to town for something other than business , even just a movie would be nice , but that was n't the only thing that had been bugging her .
too many things have been put in place to turn back now .
however , he was right about one thing .
good thing his arms were around her , or her heels , would nt have been the only thing covered with cow chips .
his fatherly tone always left her feeling somehow better , even when he could n't make thing all right .
so she found other things to thinks about , with a house full of people , conversation was the last thing she was lacking for .
determination pulsed through her veins ; a little thing like clothes was n't going to keep her there .
not a thing , monday the place will be back to normal , and he still wo n't be here to help . ''
if jim had n't made it so clear that he did n't want a thing to do with her , she may have had the strength to fight back , but he d made a promise and she knew he would n't back down .
that was the only thing they had to discuss right then .
sue was determined to let things play out without interfering , but it was such an odd thing to happen .
the one thing that made her most doubt her own judgement was a series of mysterious phone calls her husband had taken and made over the weeks before he left .
well , he did nt seem to have any ill - will to me in particular he almost ignored the whole thing , come to think of it , as though he had more important things on his mind .
well , he did nt seem to have any ill - will to me in particular he almost ignored the whole thing , come to think of it , as though he had more important things on his mind .
that was the other thing he d meant to ask kim coulthard while james was out of the room , so as not to embarrass her .
he let pickford go , but at the last minute he stopped him with the words : just one other thing ... .. dean hid a smile .
we talked about the development , but well , it was more of a social thing .
i was with sue cheam and paula rivers , and we discussed the whole thing .
i often have to take the minutes in council meetings , and he loses control over the tiniest little thing .
not the real thing .
matt said the most important thing is to find her and bring her back .
as it turned out , the bank or somebody acting for the bank took the whole thing away from her .
that , gretchen said , emphatically , is the last thing on my mind .
i can tell if one little thing in my house has been moved .
the only thing on her mind was her reunion with her mother .
one thing professor smith had not told dallas or anyone else was that he had been planning on having someone work through the winter on paperwork for the coming summer months of digging .
if he had not had a plan to take the life of dallas with the wreck , his plan for the flash flood may have worked , except for one thing .
filled out some paperwork , photographed me ; they might have taken my fingerprintsi was not sure the whole thing was just a confused whirlwind .
for one thing , i had my dream and a cluster of unexpected abilities that i was just becoming aware of .
then there was one last thing .
why should he lie about a serious thing like that ?
to my great relief i could close the file on the whole thing .
you have to forget the whole thing , stoney .
i mean the studio thing .
that sat him up an inch : but how does she connect with the financial thing ?
ca nt you handle this thing ?
cross - legged before the dappled tree trunk , amid the dust and buzzing bugs , she told her story in long , formal cadences , like a holy man rolling out a parable : how shed introduced herself to hammond and questioned him about things spiritual ; how kind he d been and patient ; how he d offered her a job and how fulfilled shed been working for him ; how their rapport had grown and how , at length , in a natural convergence of body and spirit , they had become completely one .
the important thing was to get there first , if possible , or if not , soon enough after him to be sure of catching him on the descent .
too many people , too many places and too many things were entangled to back out now .
only losers and has beens do the personal thing .
oh , and one more thing , when you ve retrieved these files from personnel you may take off the rest of the afternoon .
and one more thing ms cohen .
michael responded with the first thing on his mind .
emma blinked and said , well , lisa , you seem to have thought about this thing a lot .
lisa injected , oh , there is one more thing .
one more thing , lisa said .
he said , ill go take care of this thing with the folks and come on to mexico from florida .
i have one other thing i want to inquire abput from ms . cohen i want to inquire about the relationship between the bruises on her neck that she claims were put there by mr.grinberg .
nickll take care of every thing from there .
` ` for one thing , we know that there was a paper -- he read his presentation from it . ''
next thing you know well be giving credit for breathing .
now , one other thing about your rewrite .
you know , i remember what it was like to be young and suffering from the full ofs : full of energy , full of questions , full of self , full of ambition , full of book learning , full of just about everything except one important thing .
another thing , what s the deal about the eyes that first night at her house ?
once parked , out of the car , and onto the wide path running the length of the levy , one thing became instantly clear to terrancehe hated the thought of turning this story over to someone else .
there was another important thing to consider .
but , one thing you might want to keep in mind is if its not me who gets the story , whomever they replace me with will not , most likely , have any interest in holding off until they know mr . rights side of the story .
he only cared about one thing right nowthe name of the vice president .
one thing for sure , he would nt be making inquiries at the high school tomorrow .
the very first thing we need to know , is did anyone know what you were doing or why you were there ?
one thing for sure though , he would nt be providing a gleaming rsum that related to his previous work in the field of real estate development and management .
good , then the only thing we need to discuss now is what constitutes a safe distance .
yes , a sort of big deer - type thing .
one thing that art had discovered which he found initially depressing during his research , was that an adult puma has a hunting range of up to two hundred square miles .
being late for helen , johns financial problems , the stinging pain in his grazed hands , the alien big cat , the whole cryptozoology thing : at that moment none of it mattered one jot .
the last thing he wanted was for janet to walk into the beating that he had scheduled for her young lover .
the thing that we , erm , do nt quite understand , is that , when we inspected , there were no signs on the road ... no signs ?
they each have straps attached to them , and the whole thing does nt leave an awful lot to the imagination .
but the important thing to understand , is that simon was in trouble , and he gave them you .
i m crying , what will it do the poisons entering me , burning me up , like fire through my veins , what am i , what will it do i m shrieking , i m crying , what will it do i m whispering looking at her venomous smile as her teeth break into claws , into talons , you ll be back in control she s telling me , now do nt worry about a thing .
there s just one more thing i venture .
even though i ve not controlled things , it has nt mattered , what s mattered is that i had this buffer , this thing that said it does nt really matter if someone dies , or something goes wrong , as long as of course its not me .
the thing is i drink deep from my glass , the thing is , well things have got yeah , yeah , i know , things have got blurred , right .
the thing is i drink deep from my glass , the thing is , well things have got yeah , yeah , i know , things have got blurred , right .
i had nt really sat down and thought about this whole pancake , christian , ruthie , thing logically .
henry , a little startled by the return to the more formal greeting , shook her hand and said i did think of one more thing , can you get me one of the frames that you put the handout sheets for the houses in .
we socialized occasionally , but it was nt a serious thing , if that is what you mean , rosie took a sip of her margarita .
sorry i m late ; i would have been here on time but i did nt expect parking to be so difficult , i could nt find a single space and then the movie must have let out and suddenly a wholly bunch of people left and a space opened up ; i guess our table is ready , your thing is buzzing ; geez , you smell nice tonight ; where is that bartender with my drink ?
well , that s the least thing you should worry about .
rosie made a toast to new beginnings the other night ; certainly this afternoon was a new beginning for henry wright , retired police chief from eagle river , currently residing in palm springs , he thought , feeling good himself and the future and at the same time he was unsure about how things were going to unfold .
one thing though , he thought as he felt the ring settle into the bottom of his pocket , he was not going to go back to being lonely .
but you re alive , which is the important thing .
when a prince is trying to preserve his country , he does nt have the luxury of worrying about the small things .
once you have seen darren the last thing you want to do is get on his wrong side okay then so why were you there last night well the club has had a good month so i was in jbs good books .
but seriously , men are different from women personally i do nt understand the whole shopping thing .
he figured he would go out for lunch today after the meeting as it was going to be a long one and the ensuing follow up work would be horrendous so he would need time to prepare and think things through , and what better way to do this than with a nice pint of 6x bitter accompanied by steak and kidney pie and chips and lashings of tomato sauce , oh and a side order of peas .
oh and one other thing , i have to go to bristol tomorrow so will be up at 4:30 , its okay i will sleep in the spare room so i do nt disturb you .
and i m thinking , i could live here , it looks nice , and then i get all this water splattered in my face like i m not wet enough and hear this ripping noise and someones grabbed my dress and next thing i know i m being yanked onboard a lifeboat and blinded by all the neon - orange overalls .
i changed the subject , as if work was the last thing i wanted to talk about ( what else is there ?
she did not ; she wanted only quiet and darkness and for the sensation of being badly sunburnt to leave her but she had one thing to tell her husband before he pottered off to make himself poached eggs .
no and that s the thing he feels most guilty about .
i totally agree , says stella , but i do have one thing for you .
in the circumstances it was the last thing on my mind .
one thing is for sure , we must keep all of this a secret for now .
a hobby sort of thing , you know .
now , dear , there is just one thing tainting this almost - perfect moment .
one more thing , penny confessed .
most of his conscience thought processes were fixed on one thing , after all , what were the coincidences that a woman matching alyses description and name would cross his path again .
he knew that the director cared little about his team of agents ; the only thing of concern to the director was to remain politically valuable to the administration .
just remember tom , things are n't always as they seem , the man replied walking out the front door of the coffee shop .
simultaneously , they hit the water and even though it was the least of their problems , the only thing that came across his mind was just how cold the water was .
the last thing j. pierpont morgan wanted was to be brought back into the earthly realm when he was dancing so rapturously in the kingdom of god .
archie was thinking about one thing and one thing only : belle da costa greene .
one more thing , captain .
one more thing , and i need you to be truthful about this .
one thing i m still not clear about though .
calling the whole thing off now is a little extreme , do nt you think ?
divergent things fall into place and a clear path is revealed .
next thing you know , you ll be a grandpa .
and one more thing ?
but here is the most solid thing to consider , i continued .
then the whole thing was ignored by the willow run police .
i think its time for me to recheck this awol thing .
yet the most important thing to me , above any of the rest of it , was allison .
for one thing , you need to go downstairs to the store .
finally he said , ` ` well , for one thing , this woman 's estate is way out of our league .
for one thing , did you know that there was a homicide detective keeping track of charlie ?
that part of the thing ? ''
` ` yeah , it 's kind of part of the thing .
she put on her favorite silver jewelry and wore it to the dinner table , and when she could n't find her squash - blossom necklace she shrugged it off like it was a minor thing - she must have misplaced it .
` ` i 'll e - mail you about that other thing . ''
and since you 're the luminatus , i guess this whole thing is riding on your shoulders .
from the little i know , you do n't want to hear about that sort of thing , colonel .
one thing was for sure , he 'd never complicate his life that way .
he lacked the imagination to come up with a better solution to yesterday 's standoff with abbie and deserved the hit his wallet was taking , but he was right about one thing .
but basil had been right about one thing .
if she did that , her freedom might not be the only thing in jeopardy by the end of this .
he should have told her so before she stepped out of the car , should have kissed her to let her know the last thing he wanted to do was hurt her .
first thing i learned was how to make myself invisible to my enemies .
the problem was , the only thing she wanted to grip was some of that luscious bare skin .
` ` one more thing , parker .
one thing bugged terri .
next thing she knew , he was dragging her along in the dark again .
so next thing i know , jamie is calling to tell me he 's a week from being convicted and sent to prison .
the picture had been a spontaneous thing .
for one thing the company was moving out of its long - term home on park avenue at forty - sixth street .
maybe it was an age thing , though there seemed to be plenty of folks older than her populating these social sites , but when wendy was younger - not to sound like an old fart - when a man ` ` poked '' you , it meant something , uh , different from what it did on facebook .
` ` one more troubling thing , '' he said .
then : ` ` one other thing . ''
` ` no , see , that would be one thing .
` ` and there is one other thing . ''
` ` one thing , '' sherry said .
this was a routine thing , nothing more , but a discrepancy in phil turnball 's personal file came to our attention . ''
you know , besides the ticket thing . ''
` ` one more thing , sunn , '' denton said .
` ` one more thing , '' jeremy added before climbing out of the corvette .
` ` can i ask one thing first ? ''
unless you into that kind of thing . ''
` ` i agree , except for one thing .
okay , that was one thing .
the whole sex thing nowadays too - it drove her mad .
just another chance and maybe if we could change just one thing , the smallest thing , like if we took a left out of the driveway instead of a right or if we painted the house yellow instead of blue , anything , it would have all been different . ''
just another chance and maybe if we could change just one thing , the smallest thing , like if we took a left out of the driveway instead of a right or if we painted the house yellow instead of blue , anything , it would have all been different . ''
the important thing here was finding adam .
the file was put in its place , the lights were turned off , and the clerks quickly forgot things related to work .
as long as they can keep the conversation close to a person , issue , or thing remotely connected to the lawsuit , then they can peck away for hours .
things began pleasantly enough when she barked , ` ` jake , i ' m sick of this place . ''
jake had a million things on his mind , and he 'd already had a gallon of coffee .
initially , he had taken the high road and said , at least to his mother , that he would n't have changed a thing .
settle this damned thing before it goes to the jury . ''
instead she had simply come across as a nosey neighbor , a dotty woman who had nothing better to do but call the cops for any little thing .
he had the whole thing figured out - the barbecues , the weekends coaching one kid or the other , the school conferences , the family movies on friday night , the summer nights on the front porch - the life he 'd experienced growing up in brooklyn , but with a suburban , bigger - house twist .
except perhaps for one thing : the ford windstar .
for one thing , if indeed he really was taking her to jack , well , jack would be there , right ?
` ` she thinks i ' m good at that sort of thing . ''
i would have taken some satisfaction in that , but for one thing , he had a gun in his hand .
it 's pretty much down to one thing now , is n't it ?
` ` the killing of the police officer is the main thing right now .
the important thing right now was to consolidate their forces .
` ` one more thing ...
checking the backgrounds of swedish citizens was one thing , but the crucial question was : how would security control within s.i.s .
` ` there 's one thing i ' m curious about ... were you really going to betray us after all we ' ve done for you ? ''
` ` the important thing is that , starting from now , you have to get on board with the program .
but one thing is for sure - i do n't mean to spend the rest of it in this glass cage . ''
all except for one thing .
` ` the whole thing has to do with my contract with millennium .
for one thing , a preliminary investigation is under way , for which you bear the primary responsibility .
for one thing , the nigger was not allowed to clean inside the prisoner 's room - that was done by two cleaning women in the morning - and besides , he did not feel that the cripple was any sort of threat .
there were no signs on my door of a break - in , and nothing was touched or moved - except for one thing .
` ` the important thing is to continue the treatment .
i ' ve been thinking this whole thing through .
one other thing ? ''
if there is anything i can do ... '' ` ` just one thing , '' sara said .
just one thing : i have to get the hell out of here .
good point , except for one thing .
i understood radar was trying to make me laugh , but i only wanted to talk about one thing .
i know she is the most important thing to you .
just that everything except the last thing is . ''
when pardon albee had died , it had been a small thing , an individual thing .
when pardon albee had died , it had been a small thing , an individual thing .
all we had to do was put things in what we considered a logical place .
the women in my family were n't going to let a little thing like an attempted theft deter them from their appointed rounds .
why not skip the whole thing ?
for another thing , eventually jack would hit me back .
` ` after all , we did n't kill her , '' sandy said briskly - as if that cleared up the whole thing , and assured smooth sailing ahead .
` ` that 's a woman in a million , '' roy said , ` ` not wanting to hash over every little thing . ''
` ` it does n't have a thing to do with your skin .
the things i ' ve learned are not things of real interest to anyone , though i was among the first to know that jerri sizemore wanted a divorce ( the summons from the lawyer had been open on john sizemore 's desk ) , and i learned last week that bobo winthrop was practicing safe sex with someone while his parents were at the country club dance .
` ` so ... the other thing ? ''
and sleeping with a black man is still such a delicate thing that you really have to be serious about him to take the crap you 're going to be handed . ''
` ` for one thing , i ought to charge your parents less money because i wo n't have your mess to clean up . ''
he asked after letting enough time pass to let me know he did n't consider thea 's affair a personal thing .
for a long moment i stood staring through the hatchway into deedra 's fluorescently bright kitchen , thinking what a strange time and place it was to realize such a large thing .
` ` of course the main thing is the house .
the next thing i knew , i was peering at the bright numbers on the digital clock next to the bed .
sweetie , if it was a bomb , your hands would be the last thing to worry about .
i 'll gladly teach you a thing or two about those two things , ms .
was that the only thing he was worried about ?
my glance swept back over the candles , to their soft flickering glow , the king sized bed , then back to jett , all the while ignoring the one thing that scared the hell out of me .
` ` one more thing , jett . ''
` ` but , like i said , the only thing that matters is finding her . ''
` ` for one thing , she was a lesbian . ''
i remembered how nonchalant elizabeth had been about the whole thing at the time .
` ` for one thing , a two - hundred - thousand - dollar life insurance policy . ''
i ' m not one of those who give human characteristics to dogs - for one thing , i think that it might demean them - but i do believe they have a base understanding of what their anthropological counterparts are feeling .
` ` and one more thing for you too , hester .
except i knew from personal experience that it would n't solve a damn thing .
i also realized that for his plan to work , he had to do one more thing .
` ` there 's one more thing , '' the giant said .
` ` one more thing , '' ekstrom said .
the important thing for now is to find salander .
` ` ekstrom and i agree that the important thing right now is for lisbeth salander to be taken into custody as rapidly as possible - before she causes any more harm to herself or to others .
` ` one more thing , '' modig said .
this was precisely the kind of thing that kalle fucking blomkvist could sink his teeth into .
it turned into sort of a prestige thing to have boxed with salander .
but he was , for one thing , in charge of legal matters for the security police .
he knew he was someone people would not forget having seen , so the important thing was to get out of there before anyone laid eyes on him .
but i thought of one other thing , '' holmberg said .
things went more smoothly once she got on the wider gravel road leading to the summer - cabin area .
but it 's not a physical thing . ''
it 's just not his thing .
he 's obsessed with this missing girl - it seems to be the only thing he 's interested in , and if this means he has to burn wennerstrom then i think there 's a good chance he 'll do it .
one more thing : i ' m still part owner of millennium and as of now it 's a magazine in crisis .
what he really wanted was to have a chat with him and ask one crucial question : was there any single thing in the investigation that had not been included in the written report ?
then i would decide on one thing . ''
they had a little time , so they bought coffee at the mini - mart and sat down on a bench at the end of the platform , chatting about all sorts of things .
the only thing he kept to himself was cecilia vanger 's face in harriet 's window .
he ok 'd the whole thing and tried to call you .
` ` this thing with harriet has been henrik 's obsession for decades .
the murderer could have died years ago , while our nemesis just wants us to drop the whole thing and go home . ''
after a while he washed up the coffee things and went into the bedroom .
he could not face thinking about the whole thing now .
then : ` ` oh , one other thing .
funny thing , no ? ''
` ` and one other thing , '' she said .
` ` that was the big thing , i think .
` ` there 's one other thing , '' dad said .
` ` please do n't change a thing , okay ? ''
a logical deduction except for one thing .
` ` but there 's one other thing i want to clear up . ''
` ` there 's more than one thing you 'll want to clear up , '' sophie said .
only her shoes with their absurd but engaging curly tips seemed to have escaped , but she looked quite unperturbed by the whole thing .
it 's just a physical thing .
the black one , for example , is supposed to be ... uh , for one thing .
first thing : he needed to get home .
well , for one thing , this was probably a pretty clever setup .
` ` for one thing , we think darrow , though a fairly solid cop , might have been crooked . ''
` ` here 's the important thing , '' yates continued , leaning forward .
it might be a more personal thing .
she was a young thing .
you really would n't notice such a small thing .
next thing we know , rangor and lemay and that cassandra girl , they all disappear .
the only thing important was to know the way back to her new hotel , but she 'd brought one of the brochures and could always show it to a taxi driver .
some mythical heir of the romanovs was one thing .
he sure as hell was not going to give anyone the opportunity to screw the whole thing up .
lord had so many questions , but there was one thing he really wanted to know .
` ` so what i ' m suggesting here is purely a physical thing .
but here 's the other thing : how sure are you that it 's gil perez ? ''
the man carefully lifted the sheet , as if there were some thing fragile underneath .
while we 're talking about the dead , here 's one more thing to chew over '' -i could n't stop myself , so i just said it- '' i ' m not even sure my sister is dead any more . ''
` ` another thing , '' she said .
` ` get on that name thing , '' i said .
` ` another thing , '' muse said .
` ` lets focus on one thing at a time , shall we ?
` ` to look is one thing .
oh , another thing : the gun ira shot you with ?
i would say this was nonsense , that it was absolutely impossible that my sister had been pregnant , except for one thing .
` ` you have much experience with this kind of thing ? ''
for one thing , i had to brush all the cat hairs off my skirt .
we have n't learned a lot about each other , but this is not just a bed thing .
bubba started one of those conversations with martin designed to link them in the male network : he connected what he was working on as a representative with what martin was trying to achieve at pan - am agra , he told martin that he could call him any time he wanted to ` ` talk things over , '' he illustrated his intelligence and grasp of pan - am agra 's interests , and he implied that martin was the best thing that had happened to the company since sliced bread .
` ` for one thing , there are the fillings .
i know you 're invested in this thing , and you 're not going to leave until you ' ve finished .
he began to operate like a salesman - skilled at feigning sincerity but uninterested in the real thing .
by the time jerry angiulo showed up for work at 4:00 p.m.-working the night shift as he had for three decades - about the only thing on his mind was a trip to florida to beat the unusually prolonged cold spell of a bitter january .
` ` these are the kind of fuckin ' people that straighten a thing out ... ...
when managers began raising questions , connolly , fixed in place as the bureau 's authority on all things bulger , came armed with his fbi files discounting any possible link between the gangster and drugs .
he asked one thing : put me near the water so it will be as much like south boston as a modest house and a small shoreline can make it .
thankfully they had size six in stock , and i was on to the last thing on my list : jewelry .
have you seen his thing ? ''
it sounds mental , but i 'd rather be alone than be devastated when things do n't work out and he leaves .
and when time starts to slow , i realize that my hand is planted firmly on his chest ; my legs are pressed against his , and the only thing that really separates us is his pants and my dress .
even when i screwed up every f**king thing , i did a decent job at sprinting right away from the cops , from prep school guys wanting to smash my face in , from my father and my problems .
i have so many issues to deal with that school is that last thing on my mind , when it should probably be the first .
or was the entire thing all in my perverted mind ?
i was a stupid kid who wanted to make lily feel better - who wanted to change every horrible f**king thing .
must be a hale thing .
i realize daisy is still in the dark - about a lot of things .
and according to rose , i should concentrate on one thing at a time .
maybe it 's a good thing that in - treatment facilities turned out to be a bust for me anyway .
he had some intro accounting homework to wrestle with , but after the day he 'd had , that was the last thing on his mind .
chapter 4 the date he should call the whole thing off .
this had always been her thing .
the last thing she wanted to do was try to find a way to blow - dry her hair if it got wet .
` ` just one thing , '' ravenna said , grabbing her arm before she passed through the door , ` ` was there kink ? ''
then , that would just be one more thing that she had gotten wrong and one more thing that she would have to change her perspective on .
she wished she could tell him about all the other things on her mind , but this was n't the place .
the only thing she could think about right now was the feel of his hands on her body and how much she wanted him .
she found it incredibly boring - not that law did n't have its moments , but this whole thing just looked like a headache .
` ` i do n't want it to be a big thing . ''
` ` the first things we really like to focus on with clients are the date , the color palette , the number of guests , and the venue , '' she said , picking out a big three - ring binder for each thing she mentioned .
next thing i know , someone is going to ram into my bmw tomorrow on the way to work . ''
his gleaming green eyes told her that the last thing on his mind was discretion .
she actually looked scandalized by the whole thing .
he looked like talking about his marriage at the moment was the last thing on his mind .
through her nerves , she laughed at how this was the one thing that ramsey had n't gotten to go his way .
this is what we 're going to do ... '' this entire thing hinged on whether or not they could prove that jack had n't cheated .
the last thing i need to be worrying about is whether or not people in the industry assume i ' m sleeping around to get jobs .
` ` so do n't worry about a thing . ''
he has a list and a chart and a spreadsheet for every little thing .
ivy 's close by but out of earshot , and the last thing i want is for her to walk in on this conversation .
next thing i know he 's rushing in , rushing me , and i ' m in his arms , being clutched so tight i can hardly breathe as my face is pressed against his chest , breathing in his familiar , delicious scent .
remember , i ' m an idiot when it comes to this sort of thing . ''
` ` if you 're circling back to the dinner date thing , no .
` ` i meant with the wine thing . ''
yet another thing to tick off on his list of items to improve at the seaturtle cay resort : evacuation plans .
he loved them , and loved that she was confident enough in her body not to change a thing .
they walked two blocks , chatting about ridiculous things like the weather , gretchen 's obvious dislike of him and her protectiveness of bronte , cooper 's coffee shop , and audrey 's efficiency as an assistant .
and while she knew it was love , she also knew one other thing for certain .
well , almost , but you ' ve got the money thing taken care of already .
audrey was a bit prudish about that sort of thing .
she must have touched on the one thing that could break through that icy veneer .
when he 'd heard i 'd been kidnapped , the first thing he wanted to know was how much they wanted .
but he had n't showed any of his outward irritation at audrey , because he 'd gotten quite good at hiding that sort of thing years ago .
suddenly , a few things locked into place .
audrey loved things in their neat , orderly place , and her apartment was always spotless .
audrey had n't been thinking of such things when she 'd suggested the woods , but she was thinking about them now that it was so incredibly dark and the trees so thick .
she no more expected him to take this thing seriously than she expected camilla to come waltzing back through the door again .
` ` luanne , i ' m not great with this sort of thing . ''
well , she posted the video online and the next thing i knew , it had a hundred thousand hits and more people demanding stunts and suggesting them . ''
someone who was good with computers and spreadsheets , had ideas for how to make things easier , could run the website , and could keep the place running smoothly while the officers went out and did their jobs instead of being bogged down with technical stuff .
but if that 's not your thing , you can try skating , or cross - country skiing .
i knew i was overthinking the whole thing , but this was a big deal ... well , at least to me it was .
she wrapped her arm around his waist and smirked , ` ` it 's a good thing i ' ve known him since second grade and know that he truly is a decent human being , or i would n't be able to stand his usual arrogant ass . ''
i feel completely confused about the whole thing .
we were jumping around , grinding against each other , and then the next thing i knew , there was a large masculine hand wrapped around my arm , dragging me away from the table and towards the door that headed outside .
the night had been such a mixture of emotions with meeting mason and dealing with ash , but while laying on my back on top of that bar , the only thing that mattered was mason , me , and the fact that we both had way too many damn clothes on .
i honestly thought this was going to be a one - time kind of thing .
i just assumed this was , ya know , a one - time thing .
see ya soon ash ( 11:17 a.m. ) i ' m coming looking for you okay , first thing first .
we continued the back and forth and then the next thing i knew , his hand had traveled up my thigh , under my dress , and was lightly tracing circles on my inner thigh , just inches from my blue lace panties .
the one thing i did know was that i needed to get as far away from houston as possible , and i did n't have any plans of returning .
i could see the look of determination in her eyes and the last thing i wanted to do was piss her off .
` ` angel , the only thing i ' m gon na worry about is you running off again and that ai n't gon na happen as long as you stay in my sight .
we had a lot of things to talk about , a lot of things to work through , but right then , the most important thing was that mason loved me and i loved him .
we had a lot of things to talk about , a lot of things to work through , but right then , the most important thing was that mason loved me and i loved him .
we had a lot of things to talk about , a lot of things to work through , but right then , the most important thing was that mason loved me and i loved him .
i knew that we had to talk about things ; honesty was the only thing that could make this work .
the damn thing also left me all hot and bothered , and accompanied by the fact my phone still had n't rang , i was frustrated and annoyed .
i hated that we would be split up between guys and girls for most of the night , but the important thing to me was that he would be sleeping in bed with me that night .
the first thing i had to deal with was my non - relationship with mason .
my brain was moving so fast that i could n't focus on any one thing .
instantly all other thoughts and memories of the night vanished from my head , and the only thing i could concentrate on was sitting right next to me .
he and i really needed to have a chocolate bar session soon , but there was only one thing on my mind at that moment .
where you should never let any one thing or even a couple of things dictate your life , being devoted or dedicated to something is a fabulous quality to possess .
now the last thing that needs to be discussed is where each of you see your relationship going in the future , if anywhere .
` ` look , i understand that you feel you have to save him , that you feel like this is at least partially your fault , but do n't ruin things with ash over this .
the next thing i knew , courtney was pulling over on the side of a bridge .
really , the racehorses were kind of mike 's thing , just like their old man .
` ` aww , you 're so cute , thinking you could pull me- '' the next thing i knew , she reached around and grabbed my dick .
` ` baby , that 's one thing you never have to ask . ''
the next thing i knew , she slammed her foot on the gas , and we spun out and took off down the driveway .
please ... '' the next thing i knew , courtney and mitch were pulling me away from layton as the ems workers surrounded him .
the last thing is the wedding dress , my dear , '' courtney said as she walked up next to me .
he got sloshed - it 's a good thing you guys left when you did .
he did n't bring up andrew again , and i decided that the whole thing must have been in my head .
we had n't left things in a good place this morning , thanks to me .
not a f**king thing , sweetheart .
good thing you 're not jewish , then you 'd have to get him seven .
i did n't drag you down here to give you a tour , i do n't need to catch up on the latest town gossip and i sure as f**k did n't bring you here for the company , so that just leaves one thing .
it is the only thing between us that does n't feel settled .
suddenly , the only thing on my mind is showering her shit off my body .
` ` well , one thing you might want to know about me is that i wo n't lay down and let someone f**k my life .
one thing we do n't have to worry about is mandy .
i have stupidly just let it all out and if she has been there long enough , she knows the one thing that i am keeping from my girl , the one thing that might have the power to come between us .
for such a small thing , she puts away bbq like a grown man .
as my legs race to keep up with beck 's much longer ones , the only thing on my mind is how izzy 's going to bounce back from seeing the man she never stopped loving again , the man she 's thought was dead for over a decade .
i know there is n't much that i can do if axel wants to get past me , but right now , the only thing on my mind is keeping him away from izzy so she does n't have another episode .
one thing 's for sure , i ' m done letting her hide .
i ' m sure i should be embarrassed that i sound like a bitch in heat , but it 's been so long since i enjoyed the pleasure of a man that i do n't think there is one single thing that could ruin this moment .
not a damn thing , because she made it clear she did n't want a relationship , and whatever progress i had made went poof the second izzy got hurt by her ex - husband .
not one f**king thing .
he 's been brutalized by humans and the only thing he 's concerned about right now is protecting me .
` ` yeah , it is , '' i said , not about to let him wave this off as no big thing .
` ` one thing is for sure , son , '' dad said , patting jude 's face .
the only thing on my mind was saving rambo from another fire .
i was n't sure whether i shook or nodded my head , but officer murphy was right about one thing .
at least one thing in my life was looking up .
` ` i ca n't get this thing right .
` ` yeah , one more thing .
` ` first thing , '' i said .
i latched on to the first thing that caught my attention .
the last thing i wanted was to wake one of the four sleeping bodies in this apartment , because i could not handle a serving of delayed gratification tonight .
` ` but it 's a good thing i was early and i ' m used to carrying you around , or else you 'd be waking up on the cold bathroom floor right about now . ''
when i look at my family 's faces , i know i would n't change a damn thing if i had the choice . ''
` ` just call me and we 'll figure this thing out together . ''
` ` one more thing , '' he said , as his face wrinkled .
` ` there 's always one more thing with you and me . ''
at that moment , the only thing that mattered was the fire exploding between the two of them .
he 'd tossed his shirt away during the encore , so that the only thing between them was the thin fabric of her bra and tank top .
the only thing that kept her quiet was the knowledge that he would finish things - finish her - if he realized just how torturous his attentions were becoming for her .
since the last thing he wanted to do was run the gauntlet tonight just to get to the stage , he needed to hit the dressing room pretty damn quickly .
she was all for professionalism , and so was he , but for him making music was an intensely private thing , one he only did with people he liked and respected .
i trust you and i still ca n't drop this thing . ''
there 'll be a third thing , probably my job .
` ` volleyball 's not your thing ? ''
and as always , my inflow of money is the most important thing .
next thing i know , you walk into the room , and they all flipped out . ''
i could n't deal with one more thing today .
` ` hey , babe , i ' m really sorry about last night , but it was a guy thing , you know ? ''
i decided to go with something that was bothering me , but was n't the biggest thing that was bothering me .
i could n't find anything to say that did n't involve talking about the one thing i did n't want to discuss .
that is the last thing i want to think about , '' she said , rubbing her eyes .
` ` there 's just one thing i need to do before i ' m completely for you being with zan . ''
we would have taken it to my place , but things got heated , one thing led to another . ''
when katie finally declared that i was done , i thought this whole thing had been more trouble than it was worth until i looked in the mirror .
things are going to be really dull at my place . ''
i was more than eager to get back to the dorm , back to my life , or whatever it was now , but there was just one little thing holding me back .
well , one big thing .
my mind ran in circles , and more often than not , those circles led back to one thing .
` ` one thing at a time , '' adam said , leaning forward in his chair .
my conservative father would n't have allowed it , for one thing , and i was n't permitted to date until i was sixteen anyway .
next thing i knew , i was in his arms again and we were moving up the stairs .
letting him go down on me , touching him , kissing him , making him come with my hand , all that is one thing .
the only thing that i kept private from my parents was my poetry , and i hid those notebooks in a shoebox buried in the depths of my closet .
it 's my thing to deal with , okay ?
i did n't want him to feel like i did n't want to be with him , but there was a sense of fear surrounding the whole thing .
i mean , the whole point of the thing was learning to write for research , going past the block - outline method .
` ` it 's more of a visual thing , i think , '' he said , sliding up my body so his erection nestled between the cheeks of my ass , his hands slipping around my waist to cup my hipbones .
but this is my thing to deal with .
what kind of work will await this baby when it becomes an adult all depends on one thing .
` ` no , one more thing . ''
one thing 's for sure , i need to get those off and get them in the wash before he sees .
but one thing 's certain : i need to get out of here .
` ` sir , one thing before i go ? ''
but attraction is one thing , translating that attraction to real life is something else .
grabbing a pair of sweatpants for myself , i tug them on then open my top drawer for one more thing .
he 's clean , i ' m clean , so the only other thing to worry about is pregnancy .
before things go any farther , we need to talk , and this is the quietest and closest place i can think of .
that day had been a riot of emotion with protection the last thing on their minds .
` ` oh , it 's just a little thing , '' she muttered , grabbing hold of the armrest to lever herself out of the seat .
he got sloshed- it 's a good thing you guys left when you did .
luke did n't bring up andrew again , and i decided that the whole thing must have been in my head .
although she was still focused on the end of term and her immediate departure , she could n't stop thinking about the one thing she did n't want to think about .
` ` well , it 's not the bean thing , '' he said , shaking his head .
ironic , to say the least , but the last thing she wanted was for hadley to get addicted to drugs and give up everything she had been working toward .
it was something devon could work toward , but it was another thing she had just as little control over .
it 's the most important thing , but it 's my fault that it 's even a consideration . ''
it should have been the last thing on his mind , but the only thing he could concentrate on .
it should have been the last thing on his mind , but the only thing he could concentrate on .
` ` no , i would not kid about a thing like that , and the best part is the same person bought all three and paid triple the amount for them .
we came to the agreement that i would not sign a lease and that i would pay cash every month for as long as i needed to stay , but i had to promise one thing ; i had to come to his place for dinner and meet his partner landon .
` ` shh ... no apologies , the only thing that matters is that i found you and your safe . ''
she said that she had one last thing to talk to me about , and then she would accept that we were over .
oh , and another thing , i ' m going out of town for a couple of weeks , so do n't bother calling me for another stress relief . ''
the only thing in my head at the moment was the email she sent me .
but , as usual , ellery 's stubborn , and when she has her mind set on one thing , there 's no changing it .
this is the last thing he needs on his mind right now . ''
the only thing that was on my mind was seeing brody after school .
i only had one thing on my mind at that age , '' he said .
next thing i knew , gage was in the driver 's seat of the jeep and talking directly behind me .
i 'd straightened my hair and thrown it up in a high ponytail so you could see the exposed part of my back easily , and with the loose , thin material of the shirt , it would n't be hard to move it out of the way to show the entire thing .
you had nothing to do with it , and i - i just laughed about the damn thing .
it kind of sounded like the entire thing had been decided long before i even went into the room .
` ` does n't sound like my kind of thing .
sure , he had tattoos and piercings , but he was pretty hot if i was paying attention to that sort of thing .
` ` how is liam handling the whole ace thing ?
the last thing i wanted was to sit down and have a long pow - wow with the brother i was supposedly in cahoots with .
it did seem like a natural place to break , i thought wistfully , if one wanted to break things off .
the important thing is that he 's on the show and the public likes what they see enough to forget about any ... indiscretions . ''
did n't friends talk with friends about this sort of thing ?
` ` staying in the competition and fixing our careers is the most important thing right now . ''
get the whole thing over with quickly , like ripping off a band - aid .
` ` another thing i ' m going to have to learn to keep shut in this house . ''
and the last thing i wanted to talk about at the moment .
coby and i and two others stormed the back of the house , but joe must n't have been down like we thought and next thing i knew he was behind me with a knife . ''
i actually did n't have a clue if he was trained to see that kind of thing at all , but it sounded good .
he rumbled something , feeling the soothing vibrations against his chest , and next thing i knew i was being placed gently in a car .
he stood there , so beautiful , almost close enough to touch in the small room , but the distance was now a living thing that pulsed between us .
` ` i thought we established that evie and casey were n't going to have a thing and that things might be moving ahead with jared . ''
just one thing , okay ? ''
whether that was because he did n't like to exercise with it on , or because he 'd forgotten it on the nightstand , or because he 'd lost it , or because of any one of the dozens of possible explanations , one thing was certain : i needed to get and keep a grip .
that was n't what i 'd been referring to , not by a long shot , but as was becoming a pattern with henry and me , he seemed to be talking about one thing and i was talking about something else .
` ` the only important thing here is that you tell guillermo back there to lower the gun from behind me and that if he does n't within three seconds he will be dead . ''
and the next thing i know i feel a white - hot pain to the side of my head and everything goes black .
confused , i just look at him , but the next thing i know , he 's lifting me from the ground and forcing me into the cab .
` ` one more thing , '' he says and reaches into his duffle bag .
what confuses me even more is how fluent the fictional conversation about such a fictional thing goes on between them .
next thing i know , he 's walking straight towards us .
it 's a good thing it 's so early in the morning , otherwise dahlia might take my lackluster attitude for what it really is .
looking back at me he says , ` ` no , there 's just one more thing . ''
the last thing he wants is for some woman to think he 's interested in something other than sex .
no matter how much i called daisy to check in , to listen to her words crack before she layered on the false optimism , i could n't change the course of things .
besides rose 's well - being , the only thing i worry about is how i ' ve hurt this company .
i supposed i should have been flattered and not so embarrassed about the whole thing .
he had felt guilty , and been embarrassed by the whole sordid thing .
but i have decided to change my mind about one thing .
he just shrugged , looking way too unconcerned about the whole thing .
now that the motorcycle was n't moving , my brain was free to fear that other thing that i had been actively not thinking about .
he was looking at me like this was the most casual thing in the world .
they would post callbacks in the morning , and that would be a whole new thing to worry about , but for now , it was out of our hands .
` ` it 's a good thing i came over then .
the thigh thing ?
bliss 's eyes connected with mine , and even though i was supposed to be fawning over her character 's sister , my character was the last thing on my mind .
this was one thing i would n't submit to her on .
he was really nice about the vase thing . ''
in life , it 's so easy to get tunnel vision , to imagine this world is a movie set and your story - what you see through your eyes and think with your brain and feel with your heart - is the only thing that matters .
i marked one thing off the night 's checklist without even really trying .
i knew the most important thing was to keep my head forward so it would n't hit the pavement .
i swear , every time things get remotely good , the universe puts me back in my place .
after that , slow became a thing of the past .
the important thing was squeezing in as much rehearsal time as possible before then , especially now that we had to find a new drummer to replace mace .
at any other time- hell , yesterday - i would have made things interesting with the lemon wedge or some salt , but i was n't up to it at the moment .
lukas 's hands gripped my waist , and i let it happen because the last thing i needed to do was cause a scene .
you know , if this is another thing you ca n't handle . ''
it was a good thing he 'd completed his question first because old bessie 's engine firing up was damn near a sonic boom .
the only thing that mattered to him was why i was there .
` ` just one more thing , '' he began , looking so hard into my eyes i half expected his stare to go right through me .
i could go on , but right then , i wanted to forget the whole thing and get through the rest of breakfast .
i appreciated the whole gentleman thing he was keeping with , but the clothing was really starting to get in the way of things .
` ` oh , and one more thing , '' garth said , his tone so overly innocent it sounded just the opposite .
` ` i used to know everything going on in that head of his , but now i ca n't seem to figure out one single thing . ''
` ` the whole you - can't - run - away - when - things - get - serious thing . ''
whatever jesse 's past was , wherever his present led , one thing was certain : i wanted him in my future .
whatever came , whatever obstacles we faced , one thing was certain : he was there now .
either way , one thing was certain : i would pay a lot more attention .
the one thing higher on that list ?
and there was one other thing .
a monumental thing .
everything could wait except for one thing .
when the alarm had jolted me awake , one thing was at the front of my mind .
because , jesse , you were the only thing on my mind .
sex was the next thing on my journey toward ` ` healing , '' but sex with brandy would n't cut it .
the only thing that matters now is that he 's dead , my hand is burnt to hell , and i ' m homeless . ''
i could sweep the whole thing under the rug and forget about it .
again , not a vanity thing .
that kind of dress could bring a man to his knee to propose , even if that had been the furthest thing from his mind when he woke up that morning .
a lot about josie and i would be confusing , but one thing i was not in the slightest confused about ?
` ` did you miss us talking about taking this whole thing slow ?
actually , there was a third thing that had pissed me the hell off that day .
she was the only thing that had my attention .
` ` but i would n't say warmer is the first thing on my mind . ''
the only thing more on my mind than never letting our dance end was protecting josie .
` ` there 's one more thing , black .
and here i thought the most uncomfortable part of this thing would be the tie . ''
` ` but you were wrong about one thing .
i looked at the clock , and it was already 6:00 p.m. , and i realized i had n't eaten a thing all day .
` ` sorry , i was in meetings all day , and it was kind of a last minute thing .
i was trying to concentrate on grading papers , but the only thing on my mind was luke matthews .
` ` no , it was n't , but the only thing that matters is that you and my son found each other , and you 're both happy .
i was n't sure who he was talking to but a familiar voice rumbled an affirmative and the next thing i knew i was being half marched , half carried out the front door of the bar .
the brunette wiggled her fingers at me in a wave and the next thing i knew shaw 's tiny frame was pulling me back through the crowd .
after all , he was a guy who was used to groupies and band sluts throwing themselves at him on a daily basis , and the last thing i wanted was to be just one more .
the only thing i focused on , the only thing i ever labored over and sweated about , was building myself a life that could n't topple over , and establishing a future that was rock solid and indestructible .
the only thing i focused on , the only thing i ever labored over and sweated about , was building myself a life that could n't topple over , and establishing a future that was rock solid and indestructible .
they booked me , ran my prints , took my rings and my belt , my wallet and my phone , and put me in a cell with a dude who was clearly in for some kind of drug thing .
i ' ve only met him once , and i could tell he was way too uptight and totally not into that kind of thing .
it does n't feel like a moment - to - moment thing anymore and i ca n't handle that . ''
i was going to freak out , and have a hissy fit because i could n't start to fix things if i could n't get my hands on asa in the first place .
oh , asa was the nicest guy in the world all right , when he wanted something from you , and the only thing he was worried about was how i was going to help him out of his latest jam .
she tried to tell me it meant nothing , that sex had always been a casual thing between them , even before they met me .
i 'll give this place a couple of weeks in order to see how things turn out .
i yell , slow down , we 're almost out of time the road gets rough , have you had enough enough you look at me , start heading for a tree i open up the door , ca n't take any more any more then i say , you do n't know me like you think you do i pour me one , when i really want two oh , you 're living a lie living a lie you think we 're good , but we 're really not you coulda fixed things , but you missed your shot you 're living a lie living a lie .
i mean , i can maybe understand the whole guitar thing now that you ' ve explained it , but what about the voices ?
as much as i claim to want to be unattached from guys and independent and strong , the only thing i ' m thinking is how much i wish he would take complete and total control over me .
however , the fact that i was more than likely writing about her did n't seem to stop me , because the only thing on my mind was the simple fact that i was actually writing .
it ca n't get any better , so that only leaves things with one direction to go .
do n't worry 'bout a thing , '' she said , slipping into a pair of red heels that only made her long legs longer .
although the things the group had said about her were amusing as hell , i got the impression that once she knew my brother was jax stone , that would be the only thing she 'd care about .
i was n't aware the panty thing was a big deal .
remembering that this was a casual thing was hard .
it 's a casual thing . ''
one thing niggled , though .
one thing was for sure , if q was so heartless to do this , he did n't deserve me .
q was wrong about one thing .
one thing was for sure , q would hear me out before he tossed me away again .
my future was uncertain , but one thing was for sure , q tumbled me headfirst into vulnerability , stripping me bare .
my brain could n't focus on one thing .
because one thing was for sure .
i would spend the rest of my life listening to her talk about shoes and any other trivial thing if she let me .
even with all that was going on , there was one thing at the forefront of my mind .
next thing i knew , she 'd slid off the counter , and right to the floor on her knees in front of me .
any one of these things might be what drove her away from me , and protecting scarlett was the only thing on my mind , even if it meant protecting her from me .
any one of these things might be what drove her away from me , and protecting scarlett was the only thing on my mind , even if it meant protecting her from me .
next thing i knew , i was on my back being straddled by a very nak*d and aroused scarlett , smiling smugly down at me , her hair forming a curtain around us .
the only thing running though my head was how quickly i could rip that tiny red scrap of lace from between her legs .
this was my thing .
next thing i knew , the room was filled with a whoosh whoosh whoosh sound .
she 'd been blushing like a schoolgirl once we were done , and one thing was for sure , never had i looked at that table the same .
the little person growing inside me would be the most important thing in my life , and i knew dating would be near impossible .
i do n't remember much of it , but i do remember that i flew through the air , and next thing i knew , i woke up here . ''
you do n't have to ask me if you 're doing every little thing right .
somehow i fall asleep and then next thing i know i ' m being shaken awake .
plus , tristan 's in the car and the last thing i want to do is piss him off , especially after how nice he 's been to me , all things considering .
plus , tristan 's in the car and the last thing i want to do is piss him off , especially after how nice he 's been to me , all things considering .
like deciding to take the responsibility of being the driver for the night , which may not seem like a big thing , but in my case , it drastically altered my life forever .
it 's probably a good thing you did n't tell me . ''
they have one thing on their mind and one thing only .
' but the most important thing is that she has someone to talk to , even if it 's not me . '
the reason why was the reason i 'd been avoiding thinking about the whole thing for the past few days .
but i think the most important thing right now for you is to lose what you 're wearing . '
fix every single thing for her .
luckily , the previous owners had modernized the home , so there was nothing i wanted to change , not a single thing .
one more thing , though : gone in the morning .
a full body like mine is one thing when it 's crammed in a shirt and pants , but under the glow of my lights , on my tiny little hobbit bed , would he find me beautiful ?
he liked to act like he was tucker max and all that , but when it came to this kind of thing , he was just as confused as i was .
her face twisted into a smirk and she started to say something , and the next thing i knew ... i was kissing her .
` ` this is the whole thing ? ''
a phone call might even come from one of those top schools , a coach on the other end , friendly talks with your parents - all revolving around one thing .
` ` we do n't have to stay if this is n't your thing . ''
it 's the last thing i want to talk about .
` ` you know how these things blossom . ''
having ty pushing his mind in that direction when he was already feeling insecure about the whole damn thing was n't helping jax 's anxiety .
besides , the last thing i want to admit is that i freaked out and nearly fell down half a flight of stairs .
because as i walk into the small area of cubbies assigned to the interns , i realize just how much things have changed in the course of one morning .
i obviously ca n't carry this thing back into his office tomorrow morning - today certainly bore out what a disastrous plan that had been .
dealing with the interns is one thing .
the only thing left to decide is if you walk away with enough money to make you , your children , and your grandchildren comfortable for the rest of your lives or if you walk away with nothing .
and since the last thing i want to do is spend another hour listening to them congratulate themselves for pulling the rug out from under the trifecta ceo , i might as well get started .
because you are dying to hop into bed with him and you just sabotaged the whole thing ! ''
his eyes narrow at my hilarity , and the next thing i know , i ' ve got a bubble mustache and beard dripping from my face .
` ` i thought we took care of the whole present thing yesterday . ''
it 's a good thing i only live a mile away from here , because otherwise i 'd be late for work .
there 's only one thing occupying my thoughts .
` ` the whole sexy thing . ''
kate 's rationale is grounded in the right place , but i wish she would n't act like i ca n't handle things .
it was the kind of thing where i had one girl in mind , you know ?
the whole thing sounds indecent .
the only way out is to survive the next twelve months and then go crawling back , and see if i can salvage things well enough to get me to the next place . ''
this was the easiest part of the whole thing , but i stood there unable to move .
i ' m completely lost , and want to give you anything and everything you ask for , but there 's one thing i want . ''
then the black tuxedo jacket with the lush fur collar swung back and covered the whole thing up .
` ` well , it 's kind of a girls ' thing , but i ' m sure it will be okay .
i ' m working very hard to match you correctly , and i think you 're sabotaging the whole thing !
everything else , every other thing that was weighing him down flittered away when she laughed .
i ' m pretty sure that your dad and my dad went to douchiversity together , because they ' ve both got that bastard thing nailed .
spill the whole thing . ''
the one tiny movement seems to pull the whole thing together .
she glances at me before jerking the wheel back , ` ` one thing is certain - he thinks you 're hot and is too chicken to act on it .
it seems like a minor thing , after all , a relationship is n't just about sex .
i decide to curtail the whole thing , ` ` listen , jesse - i do n't know what she told you , but - ` ` he smiles down at me .
it seemed like a strange thing to tell you , so i hid it and switched things around . ''
it seems like such a major thing . ''
deal with one thing at a time .
tears spill down my cheeks and emma 's tone softens , ` ` hey , i did n't mean to dump this on you first thing , but it gets worse . ''
there was one thing i needed to do .
a woman screamed and the last thing i remember were a cacophony of running feet coming to my rescue just as the darkness consumed me .
` ` oh , and one more thing , '' peter added , before lighting up a cigar .
i was a dichotomy of feelings , but one thing was for sure , i needed to talk to him , to get it out there .
it reminds me of forbidden flesh - of the places that my tongue will slip over and between later if things go well .
besides , it 's not the kind of thing i like to talk about .
no , well , i do - but that 's not the main thing .
my hair falls over my lips and i say , ` ` you can dump the whole thing back on him without looking less manly . ''
and , what sean arranged makes this whole thing go away .
jeremy wants to go over some things with me and rose .
next thing i knew my top was gone and my bra unclasped .
one thing 's for sure , the transactions were made at regular intervals .
just as i thought , the skirt barely covered a thing , and it was impossible not to have cl**vage in this shirt .
` ` answer one thing first , and i 'll leave . ''
i was suddenly extremely aware that his boxers on my body , and his basketball shorts were the only thing separating us , and apparently so was he .
we turned on a movie , but had to keep restarting it because we ended up talking throughout the entire thing .
next thing i knew i was back in bree 's room with my back pressed against the door , i did n't even remember walking up the stairs .
a surge of adrenaline shot through my body and the next thing i knew i had pulled away from the people holding me and was running towards where they had put him on a stretcher in the street .
` ` my mom offered to watch liam for the night , she said she has enough things at her place that you would n't need to get a bag for him .
so for him to ask you out is a big thing for him .
i probably should have warned her , but that was the last thing i 'd been thinking about just then .
looks like i 'd have to keep her safe again , and this time i was n't letting her jump out of my arms first thing in the morning .
next thing i know , harper took off running away from our group , and i could n't figure out if i wanted to chase after her or ask brandon what he 'd done now .
when she did n't answer , i swallowed back bile and asked the one thing i 'd been worrying about most in the last month .
so if you ladies are looking to spice things up a bit ?
exceeded only by that garter thing .
` ` make this into some big thing about me not respecting you , or caring about you enough .
when i talk to daisy , it mostly focuses on shallow things , like homecoming , what she is going to wear , and where the parties are going to take place .
i did n't realize the hair thing was that big of a deal .
` ` you really were n't kidding about the kick boxing thing . ''
callie and i have spent the last few days together , watching movies and talking , but it 's been strictly a friend thing .
that 's when i realize the thing i ' ve been wondering about for the last week .
she rolls her eyes , like she thinks this whole thing is silly and i wink at her .
it was just for my own personal thing , so i could ... '' i tense .
` ` he sent my mom some money after i helped him out with his little thing to fix up my car as a thank - you . ''
` ` did you ever get your rent thing taken care of ? ''
there 's one thing i need to do , though , before i move forward with her .
leave it to london to have a sick and twisted sense of humor about the whole thing .
i ask , needing to make sure because i know what she 's been through and the last thing i ever want to do is pressure her .
we ' ve been at micha 's house for only a day and i ' m halfway through the damn thing , the house too empty and quiet to distract me from reading every last word my mother wrote .
my palm makes a path down her back , stopping when i near her ass , knowing i ca n't push things any further , at least not tonight .
` ` but writing 's never been my thing . ''
` ` hell no , we do n't need to talk about a damn thing . ''
things just were n't meant to be , which seems like a pansy - ass thing to say , until it happens to you .
as if f**king sean was a little thing .
it was the first thing they agreed on since they met .
the whole sex thing is a pastime to him , but to me it is n't .
` ` i was under the impression that it 's not the kind of thing that i could fix . ''
one more thing before you leave .
suddenly i see sean 's hand fly and the next thing i know , he slaps my butt hard .
the last thing i wanted was for him - for my mark above all things - to catch me doing my legitimate job , fumbling fruitlessly , and looking like i 'd been covered in smoke and booze all evening .
what bothered me the most was the fact that this whole thing was n't in the bag like i had thought .
yet travis was the last thing on my mind .
` ` it was just an online dating thing . ''
there was also the whole guilt thing over how horrible i was to him in high school .
it was so much easier to just worry about one thing .
` ` one more thing , '' he said , breaking away .
` ` i hope you were n't kidding about that whole ' getting to the highway first ' kind of thing , '' i squeaked out .
gus seemed concerned but fairly calm about the whole thing .
that was another thing i was trying to keep on the back burner , the fact that he was with his family .
my stomach growled on impact , turning over on itself , reminding me that i had n't eaten a thing so far .
i knew that eden would n't mind that sort of thing .
he could n't have looked less concerned , in fact it looked like he found the whole thing to be funny .
next thing i knew , he 'd pulled the car down a private dirt road that ran between two orchards and he was undoing my seatbelt .
next thing i know i was hit over the head with something and dragged into the jungle .
he was the only thing on my mind , the only thing that put one foot in front of the other , the only thing that gave me strength to pull the trigger if i had to .
he was the only thing on my mind , the only thing that put one foot in front of the other , the only thing that gave me strength to pull the trigger if i had to .
if the slightest thing was out of place , everyone would hear about it .
my hand sort of has a mind of its own and the next thing i know it 's slithering up beside his and taking a hold of it .
` ` ummm , well thanks dr . phil , but i do n't need help with that sort of thing . ''
next thing i know , natalie is calling me a lying bitch and says she never wants to see me again . ''
next thing i know , her fingers are falling away from mine and she 's climbing over the damn thing .
` ` camryn , the only thing i ' ve ever been reluctant about is wondering if it was right that we be together . ''
the only thing i still do n't quite understand is what were his reasons for being so careful to get involved , exactly ?
i step up closer to the car and peer inside , checking out the leather bucket seats and ... well , that 's really the only thing that i check .
well , about this sort of thing , anyway ... .
his dimples deepen as he looks down at me and the next thing i know his tongue is in my mouth .
i kissed him like it was the only thing that mattered in this world , like we were the only people in all of creation and we existed solely for this kiss .
i hoped she would just forget the whole thing and let dean and me handle this ourselves .
i had n't realized how hungry i was , i had snarfed the entire thing down already .
the one thing i have n't f**ked up .
i ' m really excited for you , but the whole tv thing is a little overwhelming . ''
offer to work a half day , and he 'll tell you to take the whole thing off . ''
the last thing i wanted this groupie to think was that i was the least bit interested in her .
i replayed the conversation in my mind , convincing myself that he was wrong about one thing .
getting to the show was the foremost thing on my mind .
i honestly thought that if she were lying , she would have been nervous , or at least fighting me on the whole thing , but she encouraged it . ''
it was one thing i had n't overthought .
this sort of thing was right up her alley , and i knew she 'd be more than happy to help me if it got to that point .
filling it with water , i gulped the entire thing down .
` ` i do n't know , but i ' ve wondered the same thing . ''
one thing at a time hallie .
this one little thing will get you instant exposure .
` ` i ' m not really into that kind of thing , miss raymond , but for you , i might make an exception . ''
so it 's not like this is a sexual thing .
` ` should we talk about the condom thing ? ''
` ` can i get this thing wet ? ''
next thing i know , he 's beside me , and he does n't take the same care with me that he took with reagan .
she 'll have the whole thing by the time i go back to new york .
then the next thing i knew , she punched me in the face .
but in the end only one thing matters - what she wants .
i 'd never go back and change a damn thing .
i seriously think you should consider the whole writer thing . ''
and one more thing , '' my father said , making me turn to face him .
` ` it 's a good thing i have n't used my father 's stupid card yet . ''
except you forgot one thing . ''
` ` one more thing , then , '' abri said , her voice seething .
this whole thing is about bridge .
apparently he was very open about that sort of thing .
` ` i guess there is only one thing left to talk about ... '' he looked at me curiously .
great , one more thing for me to think about .
` ` there is one more thing i wanted to talk to you about . ''
a drunken idiot that was still having frequent sleepovers with my sister , although they did n't seem to be too strict on the whole ` ` monogamy '' thing , and my sister would occasionally have other houseguests , while griffin never stopped his tales of sordid conquests , that i tried very hard to not hear .
kellan actually could do the great boyfriend thing , and he seemed to delight in the fact that we were taking things painfully slow .
he was so casual about the whole thing .
man , one more thing i needed to work on .
true , stds and other communicable diseases were high up on my list of concerns , but the one thing that scared me the most was the idea of some woman out there having had his child after a one night fling with him .
we felt a little spy - like dropping off the payment money , and i started to think that this was another thing i could cross off my bucket list .
kellan 's car was the last thing that kellan really cared about and i 'd gotten the toy as a way to let him know that i was taking care of his baby .
` ` that sort of thing gets noticed by women and attractive men are n't always good with ... one relationship .
the baby in her belly was the only thing that stayed my hand .
but i embraced the sea of change before me , because there was one thing that would n't be changing , and it was the most important thing of all .
and nick is right about one thing .
` ` i know it 's not your thing , kiera .
how could he be so calm about the whole thing ?
there were a plethora of things in the bag , but a giant penis staring me in the face was the thing that really got my attention .
i meant that i love how you can carry me around as though i do n't weight a thing . ''
` ` that 's making the whole thing seem pretty f**king calculated . ''
it did n't mean a thing . ''
jerry was a good sport about the whole thing .
still , there was one thing , one question , that persisted , dominating my thoughts more than anything else that had happened .
except in that one thing ... finally , i nodded .
the next thing i remembered were cuffs snapping onto my wrists .
i was focused on one thing .
i ' ve posted your bail , as well , so you are free to go right after we discuss one more thing . ''
things like this did n't happen to kids that sweet .
he both had and had n't answered my question , but i suddenly felt silly about the entire thing .
` ` i ' m not gon na lie , he is f**king hot , if you 're into that kind of thing , which it 's apparent you are . ''
being stripped was distracting , but not as distracting as his kiss had been , and as i became slightly less distracted , i found my mind moving to the thing that was bugging me , stupid as it was .
tristan 's talent for distraction had helped me forget the entire thing , for a time , but the bruises were an unwelcome and brutal reminder .
the way things were going , we 'd be skipping straight to lunch as tristan found one thing after another to be jealous about .
the only time i felt even a second 's worth of remorse about the whole thing was when we got back to bev 's house , and danika rushed outside to meet us .
her reaction alone had made the whole thing worth it .
not a fight thing .
not a drama thing .
not a thing at all , because i 'd known about his past before i 'd ever touched the man .
i know this is n't really your thing . ''
` ` if it 's your thing , it 's my thing , and you were amazing out there .
` ` if it 's your thing , it 's my thing , and you were amazing out there .
i could n't put my finger on why , but the whole thing reeked of dean .
i was always too busy with one thing or another , and i needed to find more time to fix this , to help him survive his demons , because it was clear that they were eating him alive .
i do n't know , i guess that when i heard he had a girlfriend , and then saw the kind of life he leads over there , i just assumed it was a casual thing .
the first three times he brought random chicks back , i left , went to a hotel , but that did n't change a thing either .
i 'd taken the covers off her with my rough attentions , and so the first thing i saw was the blood .
one thing was for certain , i could n't do it without touching her at least one last time .
one thing is for sure , i 'll have you at my mercy for hours , and you ca n't undo the things i 'll put your body through .
one other thing ... can you drive ?
` ` fuck it , '' i hear him mutter , and the next thing i know he 's taking hold of my hand .
` ` this is the biggest thing that 's ever happened to me .
` ` so , i guess this is one more thing that i have to worry about ? ''
shoot , if you let her , she would probably take over the whole thing for you . ''
this is just one more thing that i did not want to deal with right now .
` ` not yet ; one more thing . ''
i have no idea what cash is going to do , but i know one thing for sure , jules is a bitch ; and if my brother stays with her ass , i ' m going to have to limit the time we spend with them .
i 'd just become a hormone enraged thirteen year old boy with only one thing on my mind .
pretend consequences were n't a thing of our world .
` ` there 's one more thing ... '' cole rolled his head to the side and then the other side , like he was stretching or something .
i had my own demons to deal with , and that sort of thing was the last thing i should be interested in .
of course he would zero in on the thing i was the least willing to talk about .
he removed my bra like a pro , never touching a thing beyond my back and shoulders .
it would be a close thing , i realized , as the price grew higher .
he dropped to his knees to rig the rope under the bed casually , as though it was the most normal thing in the world .
my dad has to outweigh him by at least fifty pounds , and it was a close thing .
` ` that 's something i wanted to talk about , actually , if you 're willing to hear what i think about the whole thing right now . ''
it 's really not my thing . ''
` ` no , it 's not your thing .
it 's my thing , so humor me .
he shrugged the whole thing off , slinging my jeans over his shoulder and digging back into the saddlebag .
i ' ve done that with a few subs , but only the subs i knew favored that sort of thing , but that 's never been about my preferences .
` ` i had one more thing i wanted to talk to both of you about .
i was n't totally comfortable with it , but i thought that with all of the other bizarre things i would need to grow accustomed to , it was a very little thing in the scheme of it all .
i tried to remember if i had told her anything i would n't want shared , but mentally shrugged the whole thing off .
frankly , i thought you 'd forgotten about the whole thing , since you never mention it . ''
danika had very helpful suggestions about all of the things i needed to green light for the showing , and i was more than happy to defer to her expertise on something that i was a complete novice at .
i asked james , figuring it was a guy thing .
him not asking made the whole thing much easier for me .
if we 're going to make this thing work , you ca n't keep things like this from me .
i hid them , because that 's a conspicuous and embarrassing place to have a cut , especially being fourteen , and feeling self - conscious of every little thing to begin with . ''
` ` i was still indiscriminately promiscuous for years , but the bdsm was so much more satisfying for me , and eventually i went all in , but even my contracted subs were strictly a sexual thing .
having stephan nearby for the excursion had gone a long way towards easing control freak cavendish 's mind about the whole thing .
i had about thirty seconds to reconsider the whole thing .
but one thing 's for sure - i ' m not telling him i know . ''
besides ... it was never gon na be a permanent thing , right ?
i ' m heading to work as soon as i finish this thing .
` ` we wo n't get a damned thing decided - and at least half of us will kill the first person to bang that gavel . ''
it would be nice if my cancer were n't always the main topic of discussion , or the first thing to be mentioned .
because one thing is certain , holly is n't staying in new york .
the only thing i know for certain is that i do n't want things to end like this .
it is not a sacred , private thing , my womanhood .
i guess it 's a cultural thing .
it is a small thing , a foolish thing .
sure , she 'd signed a non - disclosure agreement in which she 'd promised not to divulge a single detail of their secret brotherhood , but it was the principle of the thing , was n't it ?
they did n't say that sort of thing here in the big city , as she was learning .
` ` it 's a good thing i did n't ask for your opinion , is n't it ? ''
` ` it 's a good thing we 're not as stuffy as other royal families , or they 'd probably have a fit i was marrying an american . ''
she could tell him that she enjoyed his company but she found the whole wedding and society thing stressful ?
inside the bathroom , there were a number of toiletries , but the thing that interested her the most was the box of condoms under the sink .
his violet hated not being in control of things .
jonathan bit back a smile at violet 's astute observation , and at the way esparza spluttered , clearly surprised that violet had already figured things out .
that was the furthest thing on his mind .
though he was being a bit heavy - handed with things , violet was n't complaining .
he normally had a sharp memory for these kinds of things , but with violet straddling him , her br**sts inches from his wanting hands , it was difficult to concentrate .
he seemed so very casual about the entire thing .
` ` just wondering how things went with violet , '' cade inquired .
` ` the last thing i want is to hurt you , '' he told her in a husky voice , gazing up at her with love .
all of that , though , josie had to push out of her mind because right this moment she had one thing to think about - and that was getting laura through this .
` ` no , actually , that 's the first thing you need .
so i can understand this whole reproductive thing . ''
between dylan shouting about his erectile dysfunction and joe yammering on about yet another thing he was pissed about , it sounded like the men were having a more contentious time than the women .
the whole thing would be so much easier if he was n't so damned gorgeous and irresistible .
` ` nah , it 's not really my thing .
` ` nah , not really my thing , but it 's cool if other people want to do it .
` ` it 's probably the band thing .
i told her because i always shared big moments with my mom , and i wanted her to know that this was n't just a casual thing .
i had already decided what i was going to wear on thanksgiving so i had that covered and it was one less thing for me to stress about .
katie offered her two cents also , but i already knew where she stood with the whole thing .
ceos do n't handle this kind of thing themselves .
in the blissful aftermath , her eyes began to close , but one final thing stood in her way .
` ` we sorted a few things out , but in the end we agreed the most important thing in all this was your happiness .
a powerful man , coaxing his shy daughter as if making her smile was the most important thing in the world to him , was a sight not many could look away from .
the only thing that the press was concerned about was the photographic evidence of my mental breakdown from ryan 's supposed infidelity .
one thing was for sure - i 'd pay for an attorney before i 'd let gary do more damage .
things were ... this would not have been a good place for you .
the only thing i want to know is if you 're going to take my last name when we get married , which i ' m hoping to hell you will . ''
that reminded me of one more thing i had to do : time to see if my next bright idea would pan out .
i had to reconcile that the wild version of ryan was a thing of the past .
` ` oh , dan , another thing ... '' i turned to take hold of his muscular arm .
` ` one thing is for sure - ryan christensen could n't take his eyes off of you ! ''
the whole fan thing is ...
` ` but one thing i know for sure ... '' he held my chin up to make sure i would n't look away .
` ` there 's one more thing inside . ''
even though i could hear him with jason out in the living room , the last thing i wanted to do was get caught rummaging through his things .
next thing you know they 'll be organizing fund raisers and selling raffle tickets . ''
next thing i remember i was being rolled into a room with bright lights .
the only thing left to question was whether the damage was irreparable or not .
it was just this tiny little thing , you know ?
` ` not really your thing , huh ? ''
i mean , for one thing , you look nothing like your normal self in those photographs .
typically not my thing .
i can probably tell you more about this place than anyone else , including some pretty freaky ghost stories , if you 're into that kind of thing . ''
` ` you like the whole domestic thing ? ''
kane and landon talked about some big game that was happening this weekend , but sports were the one thing you would find me completely girly about .
it was something we had shared a passion in and it was one thing that could keep me close to her in a way .
so not my thing .
how i was about to leave when we ran into each other and the next thing i knew , we were kissing .
i know they 're wrapped up in their own thing since they 're both busy , occupied with work and the women they love .
not to mention the age thing . ''
she had the world ahead of her , and i did n't want to rush a thing .
` ` it 's a good thing you have n't had the ice cream yet or you 'd have a huge chocolate spot on your forehead . ''
we had to put the whole thing on ice for real this time .
but honestly , the whole bike - messenger - in - the - service - elevator was supposed to be a thing of the past .
he kissed her like it was the only thing that mattered in the world .
` ` one more thing , '' bryan said from his post on the couch .
` ` yeah , that key thing was just an excuse .
one less thing to stress about is a good thing in my book , so i give my gorgeous dog , ms . pac - man , a kiss on the snout as i grab my purse from the entryway table .
and , oh , there 's one more thing .
so i might have to call this whole thing off , my fellow fashion hounds .
` ` there 's one thing i should let you know , though .
even about a little thing like what i read .
but it 's not really a little thing .
it 's a big thing , because it has everything to do with who i am now .
i learn that things are going so fabulously with mckenna that he 's even taught her dog to surf and he shows me a picture of the blond lab - husky mix riding a wave on a banana yellow surfboard .
i was n't able to be there when you went through it , but i think there 's one more thing you need to do .
she 'd spent the last two nights doing things she would n't normally do , so why worry about a little thing like not wearing a swimming costume ?
well , we kind of had a few too many drinks on sunday night , then the next thing i knew it was wednesday .
all these things flittered through abbey 's mind , but one thing stuck with her above all others .
all these things flittered through abbey 's mind , but one thing stuck with her above all others .
the important thing is i want to start all this over again and do it properly .
` ` oh , the solarplexus , instep , nose , groin thing ? ''
the most important thing right now is for you to rest and limit your stress level .
the next thing he knew she had grabbed both of the sides of his face in her hands , forcing him to look at her .
she then asked bitterly , ` ` are you having second thoughts about asking the same thing ? ''
` ` well , except for one thing , which i can not guarantee . ''
he inhaled deeply , telling himself that whatever she said , it would not change a thing .
not a single thing had changed in his bedroom , but she could only marvel at this momentarily .
well , except for that one thing , damen thought .
and one thing he 'd thought was so far beyond his reach that he had n't even longed for it until wendy appeared like magic in the big o bar with a shining zipper down the back of her skirt : he would spend every long vegas night making love with his wife . < br/ > 1 seven years ago holly starr wished she were n't the daughter of a las vegas magician .
clothes and shoes were one thing , but jewelry was different .
i had n't been able to get off that evening , due to nerves , but i 'd climbed on first thing in the morning , desperate and wet , and he 'd risen to the occasion like a champion , more than once .
there was no way the whole thing was going in my mouth , but i did what i could .
there was this sensation right here , and now i feel differently about the whole thing .
` ` the bedroom feng shui is more of an intuition thing . ''
this was what i had ordered , and apparently mr . thorne had requested to have the same thing .
as far as simon knew , luthor and i were dating , and he did n't know the whole thing had been arranged between mr . thorne and suzanne , acting as my pimp .
it was a stupid thing to argue over , as are all the stupid things families argue over , but my teenage years were not pretty .
because my mother 's pretty sharp about figuring things out , and she spotted the white shoes at my condo a month ago , when i was getting the place ready to put on the market .
` ` i have another thing i ' ve been thinking about , '' he said .
` ` i almost screwed up the entire thing .
if i left , i could still catch the guys for a drink , and i could glaze over the thing with testarossa if gabby was tipsy enough .
` ` yes , and keep your ear to the ground on the other thing . ''
is that a man thing ?
he placed my heels on the seat until my underwear was the only thing between me and his eyes .
no small thing .
then i laughed because my brain emptied of everything but the one thing that mattered .
very big thing . ''
numbers only interested me insofar as they related to sound vibrations , but once i spread the papers across the table and stacked them into a narrative i could get my head around , one thing was abundantly clear .
i had no idea what he was talking about , but i thought it did n't have a damn thing to do with my health .
the heart thing ?
the last thing i remembered ... what was the last thing i remembered ?
i never thought about a damn thing .
even as i got angry at myself over this forgotten thing , i felt the bloat of arousal .
` ` the most important thing is that , by doing that , i show you you 're not worthless . ''
i did n't think about the other thing .
which is nice if you 're into that sort of thing .
i could reveal the whole thing to the press .
` ` we taking care of the donna maria thing ? ''
` ` this whole thing with vito ?
he moved my body like a precious thing , then he slid his dick into me .
maybe grant turned into a dick when he was in an unknown situation and as things settled he 'd go back to being my sweet , affectionate , loving , awesome boyfriend grant .
` ` honey , get me , '' he said gently , his eyes moving over my face , my hair , my chest then back to mine when he finished , ` ` i would n't have said it if i thought you 'd be embarrassed about it , but bottom line , you got not one thing to be embarrassed about . ''
that was the only thing uncomfortable about dinner , except raiden told me he 'd share about the ` ` job '' he was working in town ` ` later '' , and he did this in a way i did n't question at the time , but made me slightly troubled .
suddenly , i felt tense , nervous and hurried to explain , ` ` it 's not an , um ... everyday thing but i kind of felt in the mood for something ... '' oh god !
` ` one more thing before we tear each other up , '' he said .
he needed a man in willow at all times to keep an eye on things .
` ` one thing we got left that we got ta know is covered is that you suit me in bed .
stole the whole f**kin ' thing .
he walked right up to me , manner hurried , things on his mind , places to be .
the only thing on my mind was the only woman who was even close to a mother to me even if it was just for a blink of my life was going into a shoddy , state - funded nursing home that was n't very clean and did n't have good staff .
and it was clear both of us had the same thing on our minds .
olly ignored my comment and asked gray , ` ` ang drop off her chicken mexican thing ? ''
when it did , the beautiful sampson cooper was the last thing on my mind .
and when his presence was gone because he was exiting the car and the valet opened the door at my side , i was left frozen , turned toward the empty driver 's seat , probably looking like a lovestruck idiot but thinking about nothing , not one thing , except how damn badly i wanted to go for it .
chapter twelve my girl deserves gentle after sam had a shower and got on the phone , i hopped into the shower and did what i did since i started things with sam which meant the whole shebang of shaved legs , shaved pits , all over lotion , half - squirts of perfume in strategic areas and a cute outfit of white short - shorts and tight - fitting , coral pink , eyelet camisole that kicked ass with my tan .
they 'd talked on the phone often but one thing i did know was they had not approached the house .
` ` sam , since luci had her thing on the beach , things have not been the same . ''
and she said she knew beyond any doubt she was the most important thing in the world to him .
so goddess lanie saw beyond elliott 's looks and he became the most important thing in the world to her .
` ` has it occurred to you that this whole thing is a bit confusing for me ? ''
tack 's eyes flashed with amusement as he said , ` ` i bet you can , red , but what 's up for debate is if you can not argue about every f**kin ' thing . ''
then it occurred to me that i could argue about every f**king thing , including tack getting me a glass of wine .
so give me one last thing , let 's avoid the scary biker dude hassle before i go . ''
sortin ' tab 's shit is a family thing , '' he declared and i sucked in a sharp breath .
as for me , this was another thing tack had to worry about which i did n't think was great .
and i was thinking that my being able to be freakishly tidy and having a modicum of peace of mind because i was able to control my surroundings was a thing of the past when there was a knock at the door .
that was another thing on the morning 's agenda .
what i care about , the only thing i care about is making certain that billy and billie do not lead the life you and i led through no fault of our own .
` ` the only thing i have to worry about is paying the attorney .
` ` you ever , '' he dipped his face close , mouth and eyes still smiling , ` ` ever lock onto your control while we 're enjoyin ' each other , i 'll know one thing .
i stared down at him thinking there was a lot there , a lot , a lot , but i honed in on one thing .
but the one thing in my life that was not tidy was my office .
he pulls his shit together ; i do n't think the first thing on his mind is going to be dinner . ''
the second thing i was thinking about was all things tack .
the second thing i was thinking about was all things tack .
it was then i broke the whole thing down for her from last night through darla through dog and tack through the great mm 's surprise visit , loving chat and gentle explanation of the boundaries of our relationship .
the only thing that might not have been fixable but is important did n't take a bullet .
` ` seems we got the same thing on our mind . ''
it was n't a good thing to do but eventually things just kept going , it got tedious , and i had to do what i had to do to end it so i could get some sleep .
i 'll let you do that , just one more thing , '' barry said .
` ` it 's the principle of the thing , '' i hissed .
the only thing on your mind was cherry .
although i 'd had my conversation with natalie about hiring lee nightingale and his team of badasses to find shy 's parents ' killer and was rethinking things , i still took the meeting mostly because it took so long to get it in the first place , and if i changed my mind back , i did n't want to wait another six weeks .
* * * shy rode hard , his mind blank except for one thing .
i ' m not saying you have to get married if that 's not your thing .
she hit bottom but , stuff she 's into , that wo n't mean a thing .
this was one thing , amongst many , that i really needed to work on .
him there in my office - walking toward me , bringing me lunch , being hot , smiling a smile that was sexy and all for me - he was the only thing on my mind .
` ` that 's good , babe , that ticks one thing off your list .
i get you 'd shy away from the big thing .
i ' m all about not havin ' a big thing .
the one thing that could set her to sliding back was this , if she found out how bad it was , and how it kept getting worse .
she nodded and went on , ` ` the other thing ... '' she paused and her hand squeezed mine , not comfortingly , spasmodically , a reflexive action communicating something else entirely .
my father was the last thing on my mind , which was the only fortunate thing that came from the vicious twists and turns of my day .
` ` not one f**kin ' thing gentlemanly about protecting what 's yours .
what i did decide was we had to talk about one more thing .
it 's a guy thing and you need to know right now , you do not stick your nose into a guy thing . ''
he sees nothin ' wrong with that , not one thing .
i was on nights so i had all day which was n't a good thing because having all day meant having all day to think about tate 's ride and then tate 's kiss and , when there was time left over , to think of all the other things about tate .
i needed to be here , see to things , weed mom 's garden , mow the yard ( it took me a whole day to do the front yard , the side yard across the lane by the grape arbor and weed whack everything including around the pond - tyler should take his boot camp out on a field trip to indiana and force them to do that , it was killer ) , clean the house , ferry mom around , visit with dad .
` ` it 'll likely be uncomfortable for me but i will eventually need to talk to wood to explain things . ''
` ` i spent ten years with a man who kept things from me , wood .
i was contemplating the trees that surrounded the house as my mind considered the fact that i might have taken things a bit too far .
` ` not one f**kin ' thing . ''
` ` we 'll get you first thing , '' tate stated .
` ` not one thing , '' i replied .
` ` you want a big thing , we can do that , but , babe , i 'd prefer it small . ''
` ` yeah , babe , and i get why you did n't want to make a big thing about it but that shit 's whacked .
then his arms curved around me and he pulled me down into the bed , his lips coming to mine where he said , ` ` yeah , first thing , after you go down on me . ''
but this scar did nothing , not one thing , to mar his utterly perfect features .
` ` um ... one thing , '' i said quietly .
that thing settling , welcome , warm and deep .
` ` just fyi , hubby , misty gave some things away at the salon and i ' m not sure it 's all hearts and flowers in chez keaton , '' i shared .
' specially since things are exactly hearts and flowers at chez walker . ''
carnal was n't a big town when it came to it but the town was one thing and the city limits another .
i suspected it was built during the late fifties , early sixties and since then they 'd changed not one thing .
` ` one thing , '' ty added .
` ` uh , honey lumpkins , that 's the kinda thing that 's discussed . ''
she knew he 'd do nothing , not one thing , to harm what they had .
but things were hearts and flowers when i wanted to do it , had an overwhelming urge to do it and i did n't do it .
not to mention i ' m worried about some kid i do n't know , like super worried so even the littlest thing might set me off .
so you got not one thing to be embarrassed , shy or uncertain about .
but this was not the only thing weighing on chace 's mind .
he pulled her even closer knowing one thing .
we got an outta town biker in holding , no big thing , pulled him over for reckless driving , he 'd had a few , not over the limit , he was just jacking around .
i was n't in the place to give you what you needed then but if i was , you made it plain , i coulda made things not so f**kin ' easy for him .
and how tragic that the one thing in her life she looked forward to was the most important thing she ever had a shot at and she did n't get it . ''
and doing everything i can to give that boy the life he needs to build a good one when he gets older is the only thing that 's important .
` ` just that , um ... until i sort things out , get used to , uh ... him , or your being with him , if we have a cup of coffee or something , maybe for a while it can be just you and me .
i could n't focus on just one thing .
` ` that 's another thing we need to discuss .
one thing was for sure : clara would be my annihilation .
things got rushed when tempers rose and curses flowed .
but one thing you should know before you go . ''
but one thing niggled me .
one tiny thing . ''
he was the only thing she needed to be thinking about .
the only thing separating them was the fabric of her jeans and panties .
the only thing she ever really wanted was to give simon a really good home .
the last thing he ever wanted to do was hurt her .
` ` do n't you worry about a thing , baby .
you do n't need to worry about a thing .
the only thing i give a f**k about is my cum inside your body . ''
such a slight little thing .
come and live with me , and i promise you wo n't have to worry about a thing . ''
the heat of their bodies touching was the only important thing .
the incidents with elijah had been the only thing she 'd kept a secret from her best friends .
` ` the last thing i want is to hurt you .
` ` it 's not our thing , amber .
her mind was never focused on one thing .
wayne needed to know that he was the only thing on her mind .
wedlock was a thing of the past .
one thing was for sure , david loved the sound of his own voice .
the other thing was for her private pleasure , and no one would take it away from her .
it was the only thing i fought jessica on with her upbringing .
` ` it 's not the only thing i think about , but when i ' m around you , it 's all i can think about . ''
the last thing he wanted to do was hurt her , yet it felt like all he did was hurt her .
the only thing danny was worried about was getting the chance to take out his revenge on gonzalez .
that was the main thing for her .
the last thing he wanted to do was ruin any chance of being with her .
if he could go back he would n't change a f**king thing , apart from watching the building burn to the ground .
` ` shh , do n't worry about a thing .
` ` one thing you ' ve got to learn , honey , being an old lady you ' ve got to get used to club business .
` ` i also looked into the other thing you asked , '' scars said , producing a couple of pictures .
this was the last thing he wanted to deal with today .
to get back at him over the murphy thing ? ''
` ` you ca n't do a thing about it because you ' ve got to handle eva . ''
the last thing he wanted was for her to look at him with disgust or with fear .
the only thing keeping him away from her was her panties and the denim of his jeans .
in the short time they 'd been away things had already started to spice up .
before her sister walked in she 'd been tempted to put some in a bowl , but now she was eating the whole damn thing .
the last thing he wanted was to take her and her not remember it .
` ` you wo n't have to worry about a thing .
` ` do n't worry about a thing , baby .
over the years since it happened he had revisited that night over and over again and realized he would n't change a damn thing .
we 're totally alone , and you do n't need to worry about a thing . ''
it was first thing in the morning , yet it was busy .
` ` do n't make a big thing out of it .
the only thing on his mind was getting them out of his door .
maybe a little gold to spice things up .
and maybe later , if things went really well , they could play out some of the increasingly elaborate scenes in his head where she was the naughty grape stealer and he was punishing her with the flat of his hand against her soft , round ass .
he was the best thing that had ever happened to her , and she was n't going to screw things up .
could it be an ego thing ?
suddenly rose believed in all the wonderful , mysterious things the accountant in her had been trained to deny .
especially when he added , ` ` i ' ve just got one thing to take care of first ' then proceeded to disappear beneath the covers and show her that he was , indeed , a master when it came to tasting things slowly , deliberately , and thoroughly .
he asked , trying to figure out a way to get her to leave before rose figured things out .
all of her dreams were coming true one by one , and now , the only thing she needed to do was make sure that she remembered to act like a fun sex goddess , rather than a sophisticated , yet desperate , suburban divorcee .
` ` i thought hot air balloons could only fly first thing in the morning , '' almost adding , we do n't have to talk about the past if you do n't want to , but managing to keep her mouth shut before she jammed both feet into it .
except for one small thing : there was no way he was going to make it easy for her .
she could n't deal with one more thing today .
he would make some silly joke about the whole thing , and she 'd forget about how big and jiggly and stupid she felt wrapped up in high fashion , like jell - o in cellophane .
so the one thing that no one would have ever guessed in a million years , the secret that she had never shared with anyone else , was how much she liked to touch herself .
the only thing that mattered to lily was the lust coursing through her veins .
the only thing that mattered was obeying travis 's command if it meant finding the release that she so desperately needed .
this whole thing with lily had turned into some kind of sick joke .
he was n't travis , but he was life , and right then , that was the most important thing .
the next thing she knew he 'd shifted them so that her hips were right at the edge of the couch .
and then the next thing she knew he was lifting her in his arms and walking back to the bedroom .
did n't he know that it was n't nice to tease a near - destitute woman over that sort of thing ?
she decided to make things easy and have the same thing simon was having .
` ` come on , sweet thing .
sure , she 'd learned to value herself , accept herself the way that she was by working things out with a good counselor , but accepting max 's love was the hardest thing she 'd ever done .
` ` if you like the way i smell , handle the real thing , '' he demanded .
he pushed the hair back from her face and kissed her sweetly , slowly , like he had all the time in the world and it was the most important thing he had to do .
the actual ball is on saturday night , '' travis answered absently , as though he had already put the whole thing out of his mind .
tina came forward and gave her instructions on the fine art of doing blow jobs , and ally tried again , getting the entire thing down this time .
` ` but one thing i do n't understand is why you took his shit for so long .
not one single other thing in the world had mattered when he 'd seen ally in his office looking like an erotic fantasy .
` ` the only thing i regret is wasting five years of my life on you . ''
` ` another thing we need to talk about .
he could only imagine her fury when she discovered that he 'd not only been totally sober , but that he 'd orchestrated the whole thing from the beginning , made the marriage happen .
i ' m just trying to say that maybe you 'd do better if you were n't hanging all of your hopes on one thing that 's probably not going to work out in the long term .
chapter eight ben things were n't going quite how i planned , and for once , that was a good thing .
the only remotely personal thing i saw was some kind of zombie - killing game that he probably used to blow off steam .
was it some kind of sex thing ?
but if people really needed to spice things up , could n't they do it without some kind of contrived game about ownership and control ?
the last thing i want is to make this thing more complicated than it already is .
i did n't want to talk - could n't talk to her without bringing up the one thing i was n't allowed to discuss .
jenna would certainly view the whole thing a lot more sympathetically with her friend by her side .
instinctively , i kept my mouth away from his , knowing most guys were squeamish about that kind of thing .
why lie about a thing like that ? ''
some people actually care about that kind of thing . ''
for one thing , even though i trusted him , it was pretty serious to basically lay my life in someone 's hands .
she squirmed again , and i almost abandoned the whole thing .
it was a small thing , but it made him happy .
this is n't even close to the first thing that needs to be addressed right now - panel discussions ?
for one thing , it 's the most ridiculous idea i ' ve ever heard in my life .
` ` i ' m sorry about the pool thing , '' he says , abruptly .
but the important thing is that i know .
screaming , crying , kicking , and the next thing i know , i ' m being shoved into the small hallway closet .
i flipped the place , and next thing i knew , we were up and running , gaining a solid client base . ''
i do n't want you to worry about a thing , which is why baldwin will be traveling with me . ''
not a single goddamn thing . ''
` ` so , i 'll open by thanking everyone for attending and then go right into clarifying this whole thing .
he lowered it down , stoic as ever , but he was gripping the glass like it was a lifeline ; the only thing keeping him from losing it and taking me right there .
we should have been scurrying back to out seats , but the look in his eyes told me safety was the last thing on his mind .
if that whole thing was n't embarrassing enough , one of the student 's working in the office put my mom 's craziness on her facebook wall .
and the important thing was jacob , right ?
this whole thing could have been a segue into something sexy considering the reason i was so exhausted had everything to do with nakedness , wetness , and awesomeness .
i would have let the mess and clear disrespect for my things slide if she has n't made herself at home , feet up on the desk , powdered sugar covered digits typing away on my keyboard .
i was ready to tug jacob along for the ride , but i remembered the last thing i wanted was for her to see me weak and unable to stand on my own .
or is leila trying to spice things up ? ''
suddenly , the last thing on my mind was the premiere .
i 'd been planning on meeting her for coffee once things quieted down .
` ` just a work thing . ''
naturally , the next thing on the list was contacting lisa jones , cade 's personal assistant .
at this stage , i had no problem putting the whole thing on missy .
so i decided to bring up the thing we 'd avoided since he started introducing me as a staff publicist to reporters a week ago .
missy and her assistant , portia , were watching the whole thing with interest .
` ` or tea or ice cream or something else if that 's not your thing . ''
she 'd been with her guy for three and a half years when he told her he wanted to spice things up and bring a third into their bedroom .
` ` just because i want to spice things up in the bedroom does n't mean i want the whole spice cabinet .
well , one thing 's for sure .
guilt poisoned my bloodstream , sex the last thing on my mind when i pulled the lever , the emergency brake slamming us to a stop .
` ` oh , one more thing , turner .
he 's a little outwardly cavalier about the whole thing .
but i insist on only one thing . ''
only thing ...
of course , there 's now that little thing about losing his bet .
and there 's that little thing about ... ` ` she pauses .
he will admit to being pretty cut up yesterday , but he had been mulling over the whole thing with greater clarity today .
now there 's that little thing about money .
there 's that little thing about what delilah decided to do about it .
even if the whole thing was a shameful joke at her expense .
` ` brian , '' she says meaningfully , although that is not the foremost thing in her mind , ` ` please , please do n't do anything ...
he feels guilty for not having been to the gym for three days , but he ca n't bear to face anyone until he has worked this thing out .
` ` she 's the most amazing woman i ' ve ever met and she does n't want a thing to do with me and you know why ?
satisfied with her nod , he said , ` ` one more thing , you will be required to sign nondisclosure paperwork , which you may do over dinner tonight .
one thing was for sure , she was going to have to gird her female loins because her hormones were dancing a lively tune that was hard to ignore , no matter all the good reasons why she ought to run as fast as she can in the opposite direction of wherever vince was standing .
one thing was for sure , dillon had that buchanan charm and he wielded it well .
and , if she were honest , that was the thing that scared her .
as soon as dillon leaves town , things will go back to normal .
i think it 's a good thing you did n't sleep with the guy . ''
i really do n't want to make a big thing out of it , '' he admitted .
next thing i know , this other skinny kid comes barreling into the alley . ''
but the threat of chores is the only way to get him to back off about the bath thing .
` ` it 's a guy thing .
she 'd tried so hard to keep him at a distance , to keep things on her own turf , that she had n't bothered to find out his address .
so far , none of them had called her with any emergencies , which was a huge relief , since the only thing she was capable of concentrating on right now was carson and when the hell he would come back to the states .
` ` one more thing , '' he said softly .
will shifted , and the next thing she knew he 'd flipped her over .
a woman he could start a family with , who 'd have dinner waiting for him when he got home , who would n't argue with him about every goddamn thing .
` ` her modeling thing became more important than the marriage , '' he said simply .
nope , the only truly important thing was how desperately she missed thomas becker .
she could n't remember how many times she 'd suggested they spice things up , how many hints she 'd dropped about straying from the missionary and exploring the raw , wild and indecent .
he opened his mouth to explain but the stranger he 'd just felt up was suddenly on her feet too , and the next thing he knew , she hurled the little lamp on the bed table at his head .
` ` like i said , it 's just a casual thing .
she loved sex just as much as he did , and she was always quick to initiate a fun way to spice things up .
` ` one more thing i forgot to mention . ''
` ` i ' m not sure about the whole , um , double penetration thing . ''
first thing , you need to- '' ` ` i ' ve been a really crappy brother , have n't i ? ''
was it a relationship thing ?
` ` and one more thing , '' carson added .
except there was one thing he had n't banked on - her stubborn determination to resist his advances .
for now , the only thing he needed to concentrate on was the hot suction of kelly 's mouth as she sucked chocolate syrup off his dick .
all right ... the kiss was a big thing because ... you 're in love with me ? ''
` ` it was a big thing because it 's the first time i ' ve kissed a man since the twins were born . ''
should n't she ease herself back into the whole sex thing with someone who was n't so ... sexually overwhelming ?
her naked body made him forget every single thing they 'd been talking about for the past thirty minutes .
` ` first thing , you have to hold the rifle properly .
he had n't known what to expect from this phone call - he would n't have even called if it were n't for the tequila buzzing in his veins - but hearing his mother take the blame for the one thing he 'd been agonizing over for the past nineteen years ?
` ` and yet you insist the whole thing was no biggie . ''
the last thing he wanted to do was wrench his mouth from her soft , full lips , but he 'd asked for only one kiss , and he was a man of his word .
chapter twelve christmas eve ` ` okay , we need to decide one thing before we go in , '' claire announced after aidan pulled up to the curb in front of seth masterson 's house .
` ` that 's the other thing i wanted to talk about . ''
it was definitely a spur - of - the - moment thing , and more for jen 's benefit than mine . ''
` ` you 're wicked hot , and i ' m totally digging the height thing .
truth was , she 'd completely underplayed the whole sex thing during their discussion earlier .
his mouth was hot and firm , his strong hands on her waist the only thing keeping her from falling to the floor in a sated puddle .
the notion was maddening , and it stayed with mia all afternoon , bothering her so much that it was the first thing she brought up when jackson arrived at the apartment later that evening .
` ` well , first thing you should know is that tiff told the truth not a day later , so there was no arrest or trial or any of that nasty shit . ''
i promise you that tonight , my age or even your age , will be the last thing on your mind .
it was n't a big thing and it was her fault .
that 's how you talked me into the whole shade thing , remember ?
` ` alli , we need to sort this thing out .
` ` there is one more thing , '' she says .
some things should be for enjoyment only , and i enjoy staying at my country place .
` ` one more thing , '' march says slowly .
one sexual encounter is just that : it 's a ten minute thing .
dad was somehow able to hush the whole thing up , and i was presented many months later as dad and rita 's child .
it 's a woman thing , i think .
when i add everything together , i ' m very tempted to say hunter does n't want to have a thing with me , but he ca n't help himself .
as far as the other major thing i have to think about - i feel comfortable with this , comfortable in general as the girls take turns describing features of their best - ever client , leaving the others to guess names .
i 'll go first , but i want the whole thing after that . ''
` ` maybe it 's a privacy thing ... '' they are prostitutes , after all .
not one thing has changed .
preparing to discuss this whole drinking thing before arnold gets much closer to my house , so if it turns into a fight , i can have him drop adam off at adam 's townhouse .
putting the moves on him was a stupid thing to do - one i probably would n't have done had i not still been in a state of shock and alarm over the way things ended with adam .
i feel a swell of guilt about the whole thing , and especially for missy .
when he does decide to express his feelings for you , one thing is for sure .
` ` you ' ve forgotten one thing , natalia . ''
` ` oh , and one last thing natalia .
one more thing : you are never allowed in this room unless i am here . ''
i managed to make it to bed without touching myself but it was a close thing .
maybe i 'll learn stuff to spice things up for us . ''
i do n't think you know what your thing is . ''
` ` are you still sure this is n't your thing , sophie ? ''
` ` because ... because i do n't want to , for one thing . ''
` ` is that your thing ?
` ` let 's call the whole thing off then and cut to the sex bit . ''
in fact the idea of food turned sophie 's stomach , but coffee might help wake her up enough to decide how to play things .
but right there and then , just holding him seemed the most important thing .
the only thing they had n't discussed at all last night was their relationship .
except for one final thing .
a thing she mostly tried not to think about .
it was the only thing that they did n't talk about .
i ' ve been all kinds of stupid , but you 're wrong about one thing .
` ` i ' m curious about one thing , though . ''
` ` for one thing , a good spanking might get rid of the goddamn bug up your ass , '' elroy said .
kyle jerked his arm free and said , ` ` let 's get one thing clear up front .
the guy in the business suit blinked and kyle said , ` ` enough of that sort of thing in here .
it was hanging out of his tight jeans in a way that made elroy wonder how he 'd packed the big thing into those tight jeans in the first place .
but he knew they could n't remain this way for a long time , so he stepped back and said , ` ` i ' ve always been curious about one thing . ''
` ` one more thing , '' jeffery said .
` ` you 're wrong about one thing , '' chad said .
he figured it was important to keep one personal thing to himself no one else would ever know .
` ` and i 'll warn you , if this was just a sex thing , i 'll smack you right here and now .
but he had a family thing and could n't come at all .
one thing that really frightened him was when bill made a point of telling toby to always make sure he cruised a homosexual and not a straight guy .
we ' ve been together for ten years and we come here once in a while to spice things up a little in the bedroom .
like i said , it spices things up in the bedroom . ''
when i agreed to the arrangement with brad , i did n't think it would be a big thing .
i knew this partially because the places within me that slowed to a crawl seemed to be where things got stuck .
but the thing that disturbed me the most was the check mark next to dammon 's name .
we hurled through the air , landed in the lake , and the next thing i knew , i was inside his head , watching myself , feeling myself want to drink all my blood so that i can be free .
but if it entailed abandoning my wild nature or squashing my own cravings for adrenaline rushes then i did n't want any thing to do with that salvation stuff .
suicide just does n't seem like your thing .
that way you will have the whole thing in context .
she takes care of all the plants in the home and any other things mr . price may ask her to take care of .
i used rachel to fill the need i had for you and the next thing i know , you re in my office watching me fuck her .
can i live my life with someone who does nt even know about the most important thing in my life ?
it had been blind luck that i had been in the same country as this girl , but things needed organising now .
he was unable or unwilling to concentrate on one thing for long periods of time , and his flitting intelligence found a friend in the tangled workings of computers and the internet .
i would have to talk to her about the vegetarian thing .
fergus will organise the whole thing , of course .
i knew that they would want to talk about the whole thing later , but for now they seemed satisfied just to be together .
i hopped out of the car and turned to wave goodbye to angus , but he had already climbed out of the drivers seat and was striding around the back of the car , and next thing i knew he had kissed me .
it would spice things up , exclaimed ana , pouting at the same time .
anger rose inside marina when thinking of these things , and she ended up throwing the notebooks and manuals onto the desk ; the pencil case had less luck and flew towards the wall with violence .
accepting what she thought about lucas was one thing , because it dealt with indian rituals and things like that , but going to a witch ?
when people lived in the same place for too long , they tended to fail to appreciate it as deserved , and things become too ordinary .
it was normal that she had forgotten to deal with that small thing , when she was so busy trying to get rid of lucas blood .
it did nt matter that it was an old model ; the important thing was to fulfill the goal of allowing two people to communicate .
the important thing is that you had fun .
being happy was nt the most important thing ?
whenever she travelled , she liked to sit by the glass : enjoying the landscape might seem a trivial thing , but she loved to observe where she passed by and uncover the marking characteristics of those places .
the most important thing was that she had plans for lunch time .
i know it does nt seem anything special , but it sounded an important thing for him .
the important thing is that you re okay .
with all that has happened , the first thing you ask me is if i undressed you ?
there were too many issues to approach , nonetheless it was almost lunch time and that should be the first thing to be taken care of .
the important thing is , this question made me think for the first time since my transformation : if they did nt come back , would nt that mean that there was an alternative to this kind of existence ?
sorry that it did nt work out , but that was a one - time thing .
that does nt sound very healthy to me , to deny yourself such a thing .
that is the last thing i want to talk about right now .
i do nt understand how he can be so nonchalant about the whole thing .
` ` it 's bad enough i ' m messing the whole thing up , '' she complained in a choked voice , ` ` but do you have to -- '' one of his hands came up to stroke her cheek , and terra jerked back at the unexpected tenderness as well as the warm spark that rumbled within .
but she worked out the single thing that would prevent us from using her .
at first he 'd been sweet and respectful , but things had quickly accelerated to the point where she was no longer comfortable .
you should just answer the thing .
it was the most important thing there was to him .
maybe its a guy thing .
the only thing that concerned him was having to tell her the truth so , in an effort to put the best light he possibly could on it , he d started scouring the internet and gathering information .
for one thing , i have nt talked to you since before you got shot .
from now on , she hissed , the only thing you think about is me .
i want to you to have one more thing , meg said .
she leaned her shapely body over him , and undid the rest of the buttons on her blouse as if it were the most normal thing in the world .
just some silly thing that s not important at all .
poetry and that sort of thing .
he could feel his patience was coming to an end , even though the last thing he wanted was an argument .
even if it meant helping the servants lug pierres trunks to speed things up .
did you tell her it was a one - time thing ?
i know , but when you ve been together for a couple of centuries , you do what you can to spice things up .
mom kept interrupting me , wanting to know my opinion on one thing or the other .
the important thing is that everythings fine your wife is okay and were nothing to worry about .
that was another thing he could not even remember if he d enjoyed who ever he d romped with .
the last thing he wanted now was to steal the limelight from the woman he had just fallen in love with .
the last thing he wanted was to come between her and her fans .
well see how things go tonight and well talk first thing tomorrow .
one more thing , merritt .
` ` oh , right , the security thing .
the next thing i know the suv is beside us swerving in and out trying to get us on the side of the road and into the ditch .
if ... things go in a certain direction , i want to work close by wherever he has a place at , you know ?
its kind of cool , i guess , if you re into that sort of thing .
but the wholethe dating thing .
any little thing might help .
i think that s one thing you do nt have to be anxious about .
i m a little confused about one thing , marly said slowly , and my heartbeat quickened .
but there s one thing .
maybe she s a little embarrassed by the whole thing .
only one thing troubled me slightly during that week .
they were probably more confused about why nell included amber in the first place than they are about why she is nt part of things now .
not a thing right now .
it was a love me , love tasmyn gesture , which i appreciated in one sense ; but in another , the last thing i wanted to do was purposely provoke lela .
there s only one thing on my mind .
i looked serious through the whole thing , because a smile would have given it away .
i have taken a lot of statements about this sort of thing , more than i care to admit .
that was the only important thing .
it was another thing i would care about tomorrow .
ill worry about this thing later .
other firms had adjusted to the changing landscape , but hank bostoff liked doing things the sure way , which made bostoff securities a dinosaur among its competitors .
turning on the light would make things so much easier , and janet maple could be the light switch he needed .
but then she was the one to blame for her current predicament : dean had asked her to be his date for the corporate party several times , and not wanting to make a big deal out of the whole thing , she had evaded a reply .
the only thing that matters is that he 's the man they want for the job , and i ' m not . ''
` ` you are forgetting one very important thing , janet .
that s the most important thing , paul said seriously .
one thing she did choose was a delicate negligee with a matching dressing gown in lavender silk with white lace trim .
mandy laughed and said , well , i think that s the last thing .
i m impressed with the way he works and thinks thing through .
the most important thing is that you get plenty of rest , buddy said humbly .
it seemed like such a small thing to me , but it was a big deal to him , mandy explained .
the one thing that weighed heavily on his mind was that his legs had never moved spontaneously .
wait , there is one other thing , mandy interrupted , i asked your dad if i could invest some money in the turner ranch .
just tackle one thing at a time .
of course that s another thing that gets up alans nose , i never take him over there .
one thing was glaringly obvious , she would have to find a job and soon .
she knew from past experience where that could lead , the last thing she wanted was to have an affair , however brief , with her friends husband .
oh god , that s another thing .
its probably a good thing that your firms moving up to edinburgh , get you away from your family for a bit .
not my thing at all , my dear , i thought you knew that .
so its totally a work thing , huh ?
the last thing he wanted now was for the daughter to start coming on strong like the mother had earlier , just the thought was enough to send the shivers down his spine .
the last thing he wanted now was to upset her after all he did like the girl very much .
the one thing on peters mind was when they were going to get back together , it had taken him a little time to realise that was what he really wanted .
she smoothed her skirts and tucked the loose bits of hair back into the knotted bun before changing her mind and loosing the whole thing .
the first thing he wanted was a look at the pocket .
it was yet another thing that her father gave up on a long time ago .
after what i ve just been through , i only care about one thing , she admitted , her voice ragged .
it was the only thing that was keeping her together the hope that she could solve things from the data she got today .
it was a good thing you accidentally fell into a ditch instead .
one thing before i go , he says .
sometimes i get so caught up in this place that i forget the important things .
i m sure there will be plenty of kinks to work out over the coming months , but we ve bought ourselves time , and that s the most important thing right now .
one thing at a time , my dear , said rhoda .
if i were nt in such a state , i would have appreciated the beauty , but the only thing on my mind was frank .
things had been put away neatly , and there was freshly baked bread on the table , along with salt and pepper .
good thing you re not drinking then , eh ?
this is a one - time thing ?
but if this is a one - time thing , i do nt think we should .
the one thing that i really wanted to avoid was the whole blood bond with jesse , that would be an uncomfortable subject to talk about .
honestly , i would nt have cared about the whole personality thing , if he s attracted to a specific type of personality , well , that s just him , but , the fact of the matter was that he hid it from me and he lied to me .
the songs did nt even matter , the only thing that mattered was that we were having fun !
i mean , obviously , that was nt the last thing on my mind , but it was nt the first thing .
i mean , obviously , that was nt the last thing on my mind , but it was nt the first thing .
i told you the sex was nt the last thing on my mind .
you have to focus so much on what theme you want and the colors and flowers and dress and every other little thing .
this really is nt your thing , is it ?
the uh , the elf thing .
he is the type of guy that focuses on one thing at a time .
i m gone for months and the first thing you notice is my hair ?
when the pack knew everything , everything set aside the whole folletto thing , we made dinner and we ate .
i just have one more thing i need to clean really quick and then we can go , ok .
his face was focused but his eyes were excited so i knew that he was thinking about the same thing as me .
the only thing that matters is that its our baby , that its our family .
the only thing running through my mind at the moment was the baby .
along with obsessing about stuff we needed to buy , he talked about every little thing we should do for the baby ; the things he talked about ranged anywhere from what type of diapers we would buy to whether we would discipline the child or not .
along with obsessing about stuff we needed to buy , he talked about every little thing we should do for the baby ; the things he talked about ranged anywhere from what type of diapers we would buy to whether we would discipline the child or not .
i still do nt like you but its more of a personality thing than anything .
as for sams body , scott dug a grave for him , i would have done anything to be there and to help him burry sammy but with selena in labor , this might be mean of me , but burying sam was the last thing on my mind .
next thing i know , you ll be sniffing them .
next thing i know , she has my head in her lap , instead .
` ` not as a permanent thing , '' she said .
the only thing that mattered was that noah was back in idle point , sitting right here beside her on a sunny afternoon in june .
he knew she had a big important job down there in new york city and more responsibilities on her shoulders than half the men in idle point but he and laquita would be glad to put her up for a few days , even longer if that was what she wanted , it would mean a lot to both of them if she could be there , and the next thing gracie knew she heard herself saying yes to everything he suggested .
other than that , she would n't change a thing .
it was a small thing but she deserved the truth .
no matter what else she had done wrong in her life , this was one thing she intended to get right .
its a place where i can not help my fellow students see things as clearly as i do .
this whole thing may have been just as awkward for her as it was for me .
as i m putting on the top , i ca nt help but think to myself how strange it is that becca is so into the whole thing .
so i embarrass myself by being completely honest with him about the fact that i ve never had a boyfriend , or dated , or even held hands with a guy , or talked on the phone with a guy or anything of the sort -- and believe me , i desperately wanted to tell him why i was so pre - occupied growing up , so maybe i would nt look like such a loser -- surprisingly he just grins and nods with a caring look on his face , as if he finds the whole thing endearing .
the next thing i know , this first kiss turns into a full - blown make - out session .
but the only thing these roses are allowing me to think about right now is the accident , and how bryson has been affected by it .
becca will surely pounce on her like she did yesterday morning , and the last thing i want is to watch summer drop her head again in embarrassment while the class laughs .
but the only thing i m thinking about is that even though i do nt condone beccas behavior , she s still my best friend , and i wo nt stand here and bash her behind her back .
the last thing i want to do is stir up trouble and make things worse .
the only thing on my mind is getting to becca before she gets to her house .
the next thing i knew , the class was rambling on and talking amongst themselves , and my eyes were once again glued to beccas desk .
oh , the fishing boat thing ?
well , the first thing we want to know is i do nt do drugs .
the only thing on my mind was that the weekend was finally here , i met tess in the parking lot before we headed inside .
that does seem like an important thing to consider when sharing a room with a gigolo .
one thing that she did know for certainif she did survive this day , she was buying new towels .
i ' m not going to let anyone ruin another damn thing in my life .
hey its a guy thing .
that s another thing to consider .
` ` honey lean forward , '' his arms came around her and the next thing she knew a thick white blanket was wrapped around her .
my deepest secret ... is ... , i stalled , not sure if i was ashamed or just incredibly shy about the whole thing .
and ... you 're already talking about marriage and stuff , but you could n't possibly know me that well enough to decide on such an important thing .
he tosses them somewhere i ca nt even see , but the last thing i m worried about right now is the location of my panties .
do nt worry about the wheelchair thing .
lukes eyes are lowered and he seems really embarrassed about the whole thing .
just to show him i m okay with the whole thing , i kiss him deeply on the lips .
i kept going because i was good at it and it was really the only thing in my life , but now there are other things i want to focus on .
i kept going because i was good at it and it was really the only thing in my life , but now there are other things i want to focus on .
but there s still one more thing that s tugging at the back of my mind .
the images swam though his mind as he sat there next to shane and next thing he knew , those questions were coming from his mouth .
the important thing right now would be finding nick and making sure he was ok . julienne kept her eyes focused on the floor .
nick swallowed hard and told himself to forget the whole thing , if he tried to confront shane that would only lead to more questions on the older boys part .
learning more about the progress of operation pursuit was the most important thing .
how does first thing tomorrow morning sound ?
did you really think the government would nt be working on this sort of thing behind the scenes ?
he did nt want to give her any information to help her ; the last thing he wanted was for her to succeed at her job .
she locked her gaze on his deep dark eyes , her mind taking focus on the only solid thing in the room .
one thing was for sure , though : she would never find it in a restaurant .
the shot rings like a thousand screams inside my skull and the last thing i see is the smile playing on her pretty face .
the next day eddie meets me in front of my school and we spend time in the coffee shop again , talking for long about oh - so - important yet completely inconsequential things .
just a simple everyday thing .
i mean not his specifically but the whole male , female biological thing ?
but that ll be like a side thing , right ?
the last thing he needed was to give her another angle from which to choose geoffrey over him .
i feel a tug and the next thing i know , i am sitting on shore overlooking a beach as we enjoy a twilight picnic .
it was more of a group thing , but then when it became one on one , i found that he was not a nice person .
right now , there are too many unknowns , but i am sure of one thing it is essential that andrew does not leave !
she had been able to see him but there was one thing that had remained hidden .
like my father , it was another thing i d stopped asking about .
well there s one other thing , armaros said , stopping me in me in my tracks .
that d be a damn stupid thing to die over .
that was nt the most pressing thing , however .
it is almost an acceptable existence except for one thing .
darkness ate my vision and the last thing i heard was the sound of michael calling my name .
maybe it was a good thing michael was nt around , because i could nt seem to stop crying , though i was smiling through my tears .
his hand tightened on mine as he realised he 'd have an emergency to deal with the one thing he hated most .
sounds harsh , but with her being this close and the deathly sexual tension , i only really had one thing on my mind .
i doubt a single thing will remain the sameand if that s the case , i do nt know that ill have the heart to stick around .
so it was a good thing he had enough willpower and sense to tuck her in at his side , his strong arm holding her close as he guided them down the road and towards town .
we know what this place means to you , dear , and well do our best to see that ms . blake understands the importance of keeping things as they are .
knowing that holt had made a generous offer on the inn , he did nt think riley would manage to scrape together that sort of money , and the last thing he wanted was for her to be disappointed or upset once more .
the last thing i want is to make you uncomfortable or have you second - guessing what you re feeling .
it did nt take thorsen long to find his cousin and anna , discussing things on the front lawn of the inn .
the last thing he wanted was to give her another excuse to avoid being with him , and he knew that his line of work would have most women throwing up their hands and walking away .
i think the most important thing is to remember why people eat chocolate in the first place .
if this were a mutual thing he had no right to interfere .
was that whole they already know about you so if you leave , ill be punished thing nothing more than a manipulative plot to keep him from going home ?
he knew it was a cultural thing .
she knew one thing , she needed to make sure she did nt get back in the van with them .
right now , i have a lot of things on my mind and the last thing i need is another distraction .
but , if he played this thing smartly , he 'd be back at her place tomorrow night and they 'd talk things through .
in fact , the only thing frequent sex might have affected was their relationship .
i believe he was trying to do the right thing , but it would have been better if he had left things alone .
they talked of general things while they ate , and then steven sent anna into the living room while he fixed them some coffee .
my father 's drinking got worse , and he started yelling at me whenever any little thing went wrong .
that is one more thing to worry about .
that s my guy , always making a joke out of this whole thing , anita said lovingly .
i realize he was trying to give me space to work things out with grey , which is sweet , but it only made me even more pissed off at grey .
stop acting like we are going to break up over every little thing , or ill dump your ass for being annoying , i snapped .
darling , i do not think murdering a large portion of europe is a little thing , he teased .
we have one more thing i should probably take care of before the others get here .
cash would always fight me on this sort of thing , because he liked to be in charge of everything .
a blur erupted from the corner of my eye , and the next thing i knew , i dropped to the ground , my throat released .
he d taken over things with brutal efficiency , handing out baby clothes for the others to get the scent , warning the alliance members about roscoe and the possibility of a fight , and returning every so often to caress my cheek and reassure me that things would be fine .
but the last thing we want is to give suzanne cause to celebrate .
well , for one thing , he does nt have a ring .
the county dump is pretty tight on that sort of thing . ''
that s one thing i ca nt talk about or i d be in deep trouble with the boss .
next thing you know i 'll be dancing around the fire . ''
men think of one thing at a time .
` ` let 's look at this thing together . ''
` ` you understand , '' emilia said , ` ` i think i ' ve been a bit pushy on this thing .
well , maybe not the first thing , but it had been a reason to expect a warm reception from the young woman he had met .
the detective thing , not the sacrificing of fluids thing .
not knowing why , abby blurred out , yeah , actually i m helping leah with the flowers for her cousins wedding this weekend , so were putting some things together tonight at her shop to prepare for tomorrow .
grace would quickly point out that the vows were until death do they part , but he still had to sort this whole thing out .
i know it sounds so barbaric , its just a guy thing , a stupid guy thing .
being an independent woman , she prided herself on having the ability to do things on her own , but there was just something about having a guy help you bring your christmas tree in for you .
using a fake tree when shed first became eco - aware helped her realize that some things were too special and not worth changing .
guy thing ?
once leah opened the door , he did nt hesitate to drop his things on the coffee table and go straight into the bedroom .
i love my brother , but i would protect you from him , too , bri gave leah a nod , unless you re into that sort of thing , of course .
it was nt really my thing either .
the damage is never permanent , that s another thing the coronam monitors .
all right , lets go over the whole thing then , and lets make it fast .
i was being overwhelmed by their sheer numbersand next thing i knew , i was going into a further , bulkier and much more powerful version of the hybrid form .
but one thing first .
i m just going to run across the ocean , michael says calmly as if this were a simple run - of - the - mill type of thing .
one thing at a time fine , i say as i look back at the siren .
i was not making a decision on one thing or the other .
now , the only thing that s left is how to get the truth out of this clone here , vincent says low , almost to himself .
randy suppressed a chuckle and said , then its a good thing i m checking her sites personally , although i ca nt spend all day surfing the internet .
the last thing she wanted to discuss with peter westman was her relationship with ritcherd .
mrs . harker promised that the evening gown would be ready first thing the following morning , and she would get right on the other things once the social was over .
george morley is looking for you , she said in a tone to indicate that his friends visit was not the most prominent thing on her mind .
but one thing was certain : if ritcherd did nt find her soon , she would be forced to make some very difficult decisions .
its a good thing i m not shootin what well ave for supper , eh ?
another thing , penelope , you always played tricks on me .
i do nt think this is the real thing .
one thing that was going through his head was what would people think if they knew he was talking to somebody on the internet .
the one thing that kept nagging in the back of his mind was what he had read in one of the first messages that amy had sent him .
` ` woo , woo , slow down '' said brad , ` ` one thing at a time '' .
one more thing , said bishop , and his voice turned steely again .
next thing you ll be asking me if i was married .
and one more thing ...
a small thing like rearranging your hair , and you are beautiful .
how s first thing tomorrow ?
but these were things best tackled on a full stomach and following a hot shower and a strong cup of coffee .
if this thing is handled correctly which is what we all should prefer there will never be an adjudication .
the only thing on her mind was sleep and so she ignored her dinner tray , undressed and curled up in her tiny bed , allowing her exhaustion to take over .
her breath came out in a rush as he leaned against her ; the x of their crossed foils the only thing preventing his chest from pressing against hers .
but whatever the view in the eyes of the beholders , one thing was for sure : there was a new exciting look to the sport of lawn tennis ... and surprise , surprise it came wrapped in a british flag .
but at least they come out and that s the important thing ...
chapter 7 lewis had plenty to think about during the taxi ride back to his hotel , lee porter being the main thing that dominated his thoughts , most of which were nt particularly noble and had him fidgeting for most of the ride .
he had felt embarrassed about his behaviour the previous evening and did nt want to face the old boy first thing .
gentleman scott taylor appeared like a man sure of his place in the grand scheme of things .
the last thing he wanted was for suspicion to be raised , or in any way lose the respect of his peers .
inspiration is fine , solo pleasuring a healthy past - time - but it falls a poor second to the real thing with a real man .
yeah , i ve got a management company , the one most sports people use , but its not a big thing for me .
but one thing was for certain - it would be his head that decided the course of action , just as his head had told him to stay away last night .
one thing was for sure though , whatever lee had got up to , there had been no call or text to explain his behaviour , and that had seriously hacked lewis off .
the shots were coming along ... as was the belief , which was perhaps the most important thing .
already mulling things over , lewis went into the living area to tell jim and fiona about the imminent arrival .
there s only one thing he should have on his mind , and that s tomorrows match , countered the coach .
and winning tomorrow is the most important thing , not what you re wearing .
lee was happy for these diversions they took his mind off the fact that lewis had called first thing and asked him to stay away during the day , citing scott taylor as the reason .
he needed to clear his mind of all the questions that raged , and focus only on one thing until after the final .
do nt worry about a thing , scott , he whispered into his ear .
lee had no idea but one thing was for sure the nature of this night had dramatically changed , and he did nt feel in the slightest bit sorry .
until the whole thing suddenly got way out of hand .
will you let the chocolate thing go ?
maybe i could drop out of school and go work at a burger joint or something , but one little thing always kept me going ... my dreams .
it was n't my thing and if i could avoid it all costs i did .
but is this like a committed thing ?
it should be a daily thing ... a natural thing .
one time , i was really confused about if i school pursue this whole music thing or not and i told her i just needed someone to light my way .
they really stressed the whole fat and ugly thing .
that was another thing she had to work on , letting go of the people who did nt want her help .
the last thing blake felt prepared to handle was their marital issues .
he took a long , hard look at sally and realized the last thing he wanted to do was hurt her in any way .
in fact , i feel like every time i come here wanting to talk about one thing , i get sidetracked with other issues that seem to be rising up in my life way too frequently .
i m just trying to spice things up a bit .
but when she came overshes just this little thing , and she was so scared .
well , for one thing , he did nt go home with me that night .
the next thing he knew , connie was passing behind him and circling around on the left , taking that hand and yanking back hard as she stepped out in front .
it really was quite nice , for that sort of thing , he supposed .
if that little snitch had nt squawked the whole thing would have unraveled anyway .
my mind had just been too cluttered to see the whole thing through .
i normally do not care about these things , and then i thought , why do i wish to get out of the place while she is still standing there ?
i thought to preoccupy my mind with some other important thing , so that i could banish her thoughts away from me .
she is the most important thing to me .
but let me ask one thing did she ever do any of these things to me ?
i knew her sweet kisses , and immense care is going to be shared by another , yet when i realised i am going to become a father i am excited and engrossed oblivious of other things .
it was the same thing he 'd wondered when portia had told him about emille 's success .
` ` y' all finally sorted your thing out ? ''
they were off to give her a viking funeral , she said , she was one hundred and six years old and she was done with herb gardening and ready for bigger things .
you get so many things on your plate , and though that could be a good thing , sometimes , you feel like you re being handed too much more than you could handle .
i wo n't be thrown to a pack of testosterone laden slobbering males with mating the only thing on their minds .
the next thing he knew his beast had taken over and the human side was shoved back into the pit of his stomach .
the next thing i knew , i was waking up here .
oh and one other thing , considering the fact she 's in the middle of a pack of wolves , i thought it best to tell zandria about us .
could n't tell who it was either , but one thing i know for sure , whoever it was , they are pack .
but one thing was for certain , she fervently hoped jacob was nt as hot as sean .
she was nt all that superstitious but this one thing was law .
everyone had their thing .
i would appreciate it if you did nt mention that i sent it to you directlyhe gets touchy about that sort of thing .
it takes real courage to confront a man on that sorta thing .
you do nt need to cover the whole thing , she said , reaching the now - great distance over his large arm to recover the check .
anyway , i looked up info for the individual thing , then did some comparing numbers for the overall deal .
i d suck your cock right here if this was nt a work thing .
do you think he would trust some reject with this kind of thing ?
in fact , my whole thing is that i m very , very unapproachable .
family became the most important thing to us , and we learned to value things that most people take for granted .
of course there were other things to worry about in the grand scheme of things , but those would fall into place later .
of course there were other things to worry about in the grand scheme of things , but those would fall into place later .
was i prepared to be as serious as he was about the whole thing ?
except maybe one thing .
but it was the most important thing right now .
not a thing , he assured me .
but then there were other things , things that were so achingly beautiful and righteously innocent that did nt just balance the bad things out , but superseded their place .
but then there were other things , things that were so achingly beautiful and righteously innocent that did nt just balance the bad things out , but superseded their place .
one thing was certain : cornelia 's waist would be somewhat over the eighteen - inch mark which was de rigueur for debutantes .
for one thing , there was not enough time to have a gown designed and made for the pegasus ball , even if her father did take out a second mortgage .
lets call the whole thing off from a fred astaire - ginger rogers movie .
dreams made things like that happen snowberries with dazzling white berries in the heat of summer but that was nt real .
one thing for sure , if he ever did get married and have a kid , he would nt tell them some family legend of falling in love at first sight .
he said , and again , i was really sorry for the gym thing were cool .
i have been imagining such a thing for many years , imagining all the ways i might pleasure you .
the only thing she did know was that she could never marry broadmoreespecially not with her newly - discovered feelings for nigel .
much had changed in the last ten years , but one thing still had the power to unite them allfear of lady reese .
i m sorry for my timing , but really caleb , after all these years ; one would think you would have the seduction thing down .
i did , and do nt think that i do nt have a whole bunch of questions regarding that , but right now , i can only concentrate on one thing .
when you are mothers protecting your children , you ll find that that is the only thing that is important .
right now , the only thing that is important is getting the answers we need .
my brain was scrambled from someone beating on it , and as to the marcus thing , you will have to take that up with him .
push everything else out of your mind except that one thing , and then concentrate on that one thing .
push everything else out of your mind except that one thing , and then concentrate on that one thing .
gods help you , if you exclude me out of one more thing .
good thing none of us are claustrophobic , leila joked , trying to break the tension that was building between marcus and kaitlyn .
one thing at a time , she told him , as she turned towards the middle of the island .
once i got to melbourne and started the course , i discovered it was nt my thing .
but one thing was for certain , it was as if she was crafted out of sounds of music and a few pieces of perfect .
the one thing which led my mind to the valleys of foolishness was the hope that i could save her , the fools hope that love outweighed all things .
the one thing which led my mind to the valleys of foolishness was the hope that i could save her , the fools hope that love outweighed all things .
although i was still a man filled with confusion , one thing was certain .
she was staring at cody 's buckle , breathing in his musky scent , absorbing his loving warmth and hoping that things could go back to being easy .
the only things i did nt recall discussing yet were the stop at apple annies in east texas and the plantation in louisiana .
god seemingly had worked out the whole ross / sandy thing and i went and messed it up .
i guess the other thing you might want to know is sandy and i have broken up .
i did the hostess bit , offered coffee , tea , or soda , mentioned the weather , and asked ross how things were going .
the rattling hum of the subway faded , in my focus on this one thing , on the boy lying casually on the seat beside me , using me for a pillow .
it 's not your thing .
the important thing is , i was sent to get close to you , make friends with you , and then kidnap you .
but the jealousy was a shallow thing , over a well of fellow - feeling .
and after a year or two of being friends with them , well , i 'd figured out that who a person sleeps with is the least thing about him .
i was disappointed about missing dinner but more frustrated with myself for worrying about work and forgetting about the whole thing entirely .
i remembered presenting it to the executive board and having them tell me i had to totally redo the entire thing .
sherry : still in your service madam , you do one thing just browse that job portal there are some good jobs for you if you want to relocate , so what did the guy said ? ? ?
sherry : i am not an ophthalmologist who can see myopia and metropia , rinisha : fool i am thing about yours and mine future together .
good questions rinisha but the wromg person to ask who will care for family who only talks for food and monitary matters but you are the lucky that made a god impression at this home as you are the hot news and the showstopper between those three .rinisha asked , so when you made your family happy , when you make them ashamed and when you make them proud , now what she felt thus the persons who are the seeds of a plant like sherry will concern about anything the immediate response if we ask this from sherrys parents they say , now what s that we have nt thought till now and when he makes happy at least he said that he love rinisha otherwise we were thinking to visit a dcctor from him so many girls were his friends and no single complaint of any eve tease behaviour that was the only thing we are concern of as he is not good with the studies too we always thought of why so ?
she cleaned up her things and headed to the kitchen for a coffee .
she has some family thing .
this thing with micah was getting so complicated .
they were lovely , and the gesture was sweet , but could her objective to end things with micah be swayed by a collection of flowers ?
the important thing now is that my family needs me , and i have to do everything in my power to keep them safe and provide a stable environment for sibylle .
one more thing , with reese dead , he ca nt pave the way for my son .
you have no idea what i wish for , sweet thing , and if you did he touched my arm , the barest brush of a fingertip , and i almost moaned , you would nt be standing there all prim and proper like butter would nt melt in your mouth .
but then the film had ended and we d started verbally sparring again and the next thing i knew my head had been in her lap , her fingers were in my hair and she was telling me she wanted to be bad .
the calling is not a fickle thing .
yeah , not so much with the keeping up thing , and of course i was late for my first time with the study group , the last one before spring break .
you can focus on more than one thing at a time .
they were holding hands , and the sight of them together , having once been a source of pride to me , was now the last thing i needed to deal with .
she seemed to be the easiest subject , the one thing everyone could be excited about .
dear jonathan , he was right about one thing .
a hard thing , a complicated thing .
the whole thing had filled her inquisitive mind .
you want the whole fairy tail thing and i am more horror .
he was surprised by her reaction last night , any other person would of run , but she had been curious about the whole thing .
he could n't face that , he did n't want this to be a formal thing .
right now , he only had one thing on his mind ... .. getting down on one knee and making her say yes to his already asked question .
his reaction to my wrist in the absence of it glowing was absolutely strange , but hey , one thing at a time .
we talked about simple , easy things to pass the time , like how the landscape was beautiful and that his horses name was drift ( which i thought was awesome ) .
the only thing that was clearly rooted in my head was the past few days .
the only thing on her list that bugged him , besides trent , was church .
a lot of things did nt add up , but one thing was for certain .
there s one more thing i want to check before we decide .
one thing was certain , joni loved isaac .
before you go , there s one more thing , cat , i say coolly .
` ` it 's much too early to speculate about such a thing . ''
claire 's father knew one thing well , and that one thing had nothing to do with human relationships .
his kiss was the last thing her mind registered .
for one thing , she s been wounded , and though she tries to hide her pain , i can read the traces of fear and doubt in those pretty green eyes and beneath the mask of her frozen smile .
i want to feel all of him , especially that one thing , inside of me .
as he circles my cleft with his slick fingers , my thoughts become a jumbled mess , until the only thing i care about is reaching that orgasm .
when she begins stroking my erection with her smooth , nimble fingers , the only thing on my mind is getting her into bed .
the important thing is you are going to get professional help .
but one thing i do know , my daughter was raised with wealth and privilege .
suddenly , all selfish thoughts were gone and the only thing he cared about was the pain he was causing her .
even so , one thing he knew for certain , knowledgeable in theory she may have been , but she had spoken truly concerning her virginity .
i am used to having to do things for myself , and it is such a gift having a man treating me as a rare flower in need of care .
he was n't good at explaining this kind of thing .
stopping was the last thing on my mind .
and nathan because he heard we were moving stuff its a guy thing , grace said .
too focused on one thing .
this is one thing maddy would nt want to take more slowly .
` ` the thing that concerns me is the wildlife that will smell the food in here . ''
` ` but right now the important thing is to get you well .
one thing he knew for sure , it had never been rose marie he wanted .
even if clint had confused rose marie with her in his delirium , that did n't change a thing .
` ` one more thing , '' rose marie said hurriedly .
her free hand grabbed the closet thing to it , gripping tight , until she realized that thing was sterlings knee .
the most important thing to me is to make up for what my dad did .
as the days passed , billy began to become acutely aware of one important thing .
and one more thing billy , you really need to do a better job of appreciating those who care !
not a thing , but the game is great .
he denied the whole thing .
this place had shown her things she would have preferred never to know .
one thing is sure .
i kind of suspected something was out of place , which is why i asked you to check things on your side .
that was nt the only thing i wanted to see you about , though .
instead of sitting up like a normal human being when we were all hanging out in the living room , he would sprawl out on the sofa , taking up the whole thing all by himself , making sure eric and i had to sit apart from each other on the recliners .
there were other things going on during the course of the night , too : a silent auction with things like getting to go on a road trip with the team next year , a video game booth where they could compete against a few of the boys , that kind of thing .
it was probably a good thing tonight was a school night and katie weber had been left at home with her younger siblings and a pile of homework .
how to use word processors and spreadsheets , that sort of thing ?
when his head cleared , one thing sifted out of the rest .
another , from his boss , said this was the kind of thing they expected him to stay on top of .
this was nt a big concern in the big scheme of the business as a whole , but it was the principle of the thing .
not that he was upset that things were over with insidious whitney , but he d be damned if he d be painted as the villain in the whole thing .
one thing is certain , there is definitely going to be some kind of balling going down tonight .
you re funny and charming and all the wonderful shit dreams are made of ; except one thing .
actually , its just a casual thing , but i have to go .
like youno one thing worth pursuing .
this is nt going to be a one - time thing .
and that became the most important thing to me .
but the most important thing was that she trusted me .
not a thing , i swore- and i meant it .
i did nt need to keep something out ; i needed to keep the most important thing in .
i should have let you do that first thing .
` ` before you go back in the house , there 's one more thing , abby . ''
it was one more thing they did nt talk about .
one thing was certain , he was dead ; he was definitely dead .
well , the important thing is you are free to visit me !
i went on a camping trip with his dad and him once , but it was nt my thing .
doctors and nurses stood outside the little shop , sipping coffees and sharing notes on things .
it sounds like a very fragile thing , i commented .
i thought you were kidding about the whole plant thing .
the only thing that had any clarity was the pain of each callous drive of his pelvis , which caused me to bite down hard on my lower lip to keep from screaming .
although life had sent us in different directions , quite literally placing us on opposite sides of the country , and things often got so busy that it would be months between conversations , we remained close .
not the ocean we got here , a couple hours over in myrtle beach -- that s a little piddly ocean , with little piddly waves that would nt wash a younguns little toy boat -- but the pacific ocean , way over on the west coast , over in california , where things are nt so stupid , where the waves are nt so piddly , and where things are so all blessed good and boring and stupid all the time .
not the ocean we got here , a couple hours over in myrtle beach -- that s a little piddly ocean , with little piddly waves that would nt wash a younguns little toy boat -- but the pacific ocean , way over on the west coast , over in california , where things are nt so stupid , where the waves are nt so piddly , and where things are so all blessed good and boring and stupid all the time .
` ` most people ca nt help but think he ai nt got but one thing on his mind . ''
it was a struggle to say anything , and i just see the three of them , the third and stevie and the big guy with the girls hands moving around just outta the light and then the next thing i know they re all over me .
oh , and one more thing , were all glad you re back , and i personally hope you stay .
kelly , one thing i am concerned about is your medication .
but he was certain of one thing ; he would be talking with them on this trip .
i go on afternoon rounds , careful to avoid the east wing of icu where carrie is being kept ; the last thing i need is to run into zeth when he comes to secret her out of the hospital .
the whole moment is like an out - of - body experience and she s the only thing keeping me from floating to the ceiling .
she s ruined the whole thing .
` ` i ' m terribly sorry , dane , if i ' ve upset '' ` ` that 's another thing .
you should want the whole thing . ''
but this is n't my thing , you know what i ' m sayin ' ?
she had done a fabulous job of pretending this week that she did n't have a care in the world , as if the list were the most important thing in her life .
they were sweet and fun and things with them were always great , but they never really made me feelmore , you know ?
its a bit of a zoo , but she would nt change a thing .
there is one other thing you should have noted in your reading of the orientation booklet , clen .
he still found the logic of the law satisfying , but when he did look up from yet another trust document or will , it was to stare out at puget sound and miss the other thing he d stayed in school to avoidfollowing in his fathers footsteps as a commercial fisherman .
equally impossible to continue the attempt to convince her it did nt need to be the one thing and not the other .
it occurs to me there s one other thing .
if what we had was so great , how could one small thing smash it ?
the next thing i knew , he picked me up and carried me out of the restaurant and into the elevator , amidst self - conscious cheers from our guests .
i feel out of balance , like any moment ill fall , but i do nt care , the only thing that matters is each sure thrust , each sweet burst of pleasure .
one thing was for certain , even if the importance of administration controls were removed , the seeing eye guard could make their steadfast claim to a heroic role in history .
my fortunate fate was that on most things , i did not rely on such a minimal pivot of history , to make a decision and to come to terms with fault ; and so i came at things with so much more confidence and from a different place and direction .
my fortunate fate was that on most things , i did not rely on such a minimal pivot of history , to make a decision and to come to terms with fault ; and so i came at things with so much more confidence and from a different place and direction .
saving eloise before it was too late was the only thing on his mind .
i ' m even having trouble trying to figure out a simple thing like the best way to get ruth in from the airport on sunday .
the next thing she knew was that his lips were on hers .
she was trying to get out , as he was trying to get in and the next thing he knew they were sidestepping each other in an effort to go where they wanted , trying really hard to not make bodily contact .
` ` one more thing , before i go , '' he added while trying to keep his voice down so the others would n't hear , i forgot about your kids .
no , flirting and dating was the last thing on her mind , but the restaurant with its low lights , the two couple situation , and having jeff sitting next to her and so close , made her forget for a few seconds about everything else , and wonder what it would be like to not be in the bind she was in .
there are specifics attached to it , like liposuction is n't covered , but having a tree fall on you is ... i do nt think either of those things should be a concern to you though .
jeff 's love life was not her concern right now , the only thing she should be concerned with were all of the outstanding accounts , bills , and paying off her own debt .
neither jeff nor mitch had brought it up , but they were so busy , they probably did nt even know what day it was , or forgot about the whole contract thing .
` ` might i ask you one more thing ? ''
do nt even get me started about the clothing thing .
one more thing i need to figure out .
he has a lot on his mind right now and you re one more thing for him to worry about , shelby explained .
he already knew it was roger who made miles question things in the first place .
they really did nt have enough data on this sort of thing .
it was nt the sort of thing shelby would normally miss giving him a hard time about .
i thought we covered the wood nymph thing already .
just do nt worry , sweet thing .
maybe you should nt talk about this sort of thing with helen in the car , liam says quietly to owen .
sure thing , mr . winters !
you might scarf the whole thing down before the guests even get a chance to look at it .
its a good thing you did nt have any cupcakes , though .
she no longer worried over every little thing like she had right after divorce .
a friend might be a handy thing to have around , especially afterward if things did nt go so well .
with his mother turning things over at the victorian rose there was nt anything holding him in north salem .
it was one thing he would nt have cared to know .
how does one go about , ignorant of such a thing ?
its a good thing you told him .
if i d been a little smarter about handling the whole thing , we probably could have avoided it .
one thing he knew , he was nt going to sleep a wink .
then , thou shall be we d before the sun sets , he promised and then continued , oh , thy captain doth request one more thing .
though , one thing he intended to accomplish and that was to put alice parker in her place and completely out of his life .
one thing was clear : she would not go back to him .
just one more thing : do you by chance have a photo of your husband with you ?
now please let me explain the whole thing to you .
i am not him , he ground out , and she was astonished to hear how much feeling he put into the sentence , as though the last thing in the world he wanted was to be associated with or taken for her husband .
actually , more than one thing is the matter .
i feel that ellie is rushing into this marriage thing .
i could nt think of anything that would make her so catty to me in front of everyone except one thing , actually .
no , i would nt change a thing , henry .
just farm things you probably do nt want to hear about .
he 'd been a total gentlemen about the whole thing .
well , it 's a good thing you went along , anyway .
i do n't get to see them often , but a dozen years back one of them started talking bad about someone i knew and the next thing i knew i was on top of him .
even though it was probably already in the nineties outside , that did n't mean she wanted a freezing cold shower first thing in the morning .
first thing , he was going to have a talk with jimmy about giving him a call when he needed help .
there is one last thing , she said .
i told my parents once again that my decision was final and not a spur of the moment thing .
she always made good decisions except for that small thing about getting pregnant .
i was insulting this guy in the crowd who was heckling me and next thing i know he jumps the rail .
do nt worry about a thing ?
he apparently liked things in their proper places and did nt throw dirty towels on the floor .
things must have gone really well with you and kevin then if you re not mad at me for the thing with your dad , daniella said and her tone changed .
she had to admit , though , that she had not said that they had to agree on only one thing .
and another thing , sometimes , especially when you re dating and things are nt going well , you can really get down on the opposite sex .
i want to set the record straight on one thing .
after all , the major thing is that they have someone to cheer them on .
i know we did nt leave things in a great place earlier .
you know its only a lunch thing , sakura said .
i think there was some muttering and grunting about the whole thing for weeks .
as the eldest brother , i should have done something , but instead i stood by and ignored the whole thing .
yes , of course she could take care of herself on most things , but certainly not one thing .
yes , of course she could take care of herself on most things , but certainly not one thing .
you d never have to worry about a thing .
the common thread is the place called windmere , a former private estate , maybe with some magic included , but certainly with dynamic relationships as things evolve between laura and ryan , each filling the void in the others life , unsure about many things but sure in the growing love each has for the other .
his parents were briefed each sunday before he returned to campus on what was to take place the next week , and things unfolded like an inflatable toy , including inflating the new poolside toys .
high end spenders vacationing there with their friends , mostly female , saw the potential for using this place as a tax write off for secure business meetings in the fun and sun , an opportunity frequently pointed out by ryan as soon as he saw the direction things were taking .
that was the other thing that seemed strange to her , richard claiming they would have to be on a strict budget , but at the same time wanting the expense of another child ; it did nt make sense , but he was being successful and she realized maybe she did nt understand everything that he had to deal with .
it did nt matter what else had been arranged in his absence , it did nt matter if one or the other of the kids was ill , it did nt matter how laura felt about anything , and it was adequately clear that the only thing that mattered was that his client be shown a good time , fed a good dinner .
one thing that did bother her a bit more was when she saw fathers playing with their children , or at least with them at a ball game or something like that ; she realized that richard had no idea what went on in his home when he was gone , nor did he seem to care .
the other thing i need to tell you is that as of 4 pm this afternoon you must vacate this premises .
we impounded the contents of your post office box yesterday afternoon and put a seal on it ; the thing was packed like you had nt emptied it in days , notices from everyone under the sun : power , phone , cable , the bank , credit cards , all that stuff .
the other thing was that they were to find someone who could repair the air conditioning at the shelter , regardless of the time of night ; dennis assured them he would tell his roomie franz the problem as soon as they were rolling .
that should give you enough time for a good nights sleep ; we have a lot to do tomorrow , but please do nt concern yourself about a thing for now .
the only thing i did nt handle was cash management , but i guess that s rather obvious .
oh , and one other thing ; you know we have a nine hole golf course here at windmere , one the original owner installed , and were negotiating land for a back nine .
there s just one thing , and i do nt think it would ever be a problem or ever even come up , but if you come through the gate and someone tries to follow you , you know , run through while its opened for you , stop just inside the gate , stand on the brakes , and hit the red button on the remote three times in quick succession .
why do nt you take a couple of hours to think things over , and well meet in this area about 5:00 to discuss the future .
and it is true , you are in a safe place ; you ve seen how we run things around here .
just as she was really starting to enjoy the experience , ryan arrived in the kitchen with about the same thing on his mind .
about three years ago he got pulled over on the garden state parkway for some little thing , and the cop discovered tom was visually unsafe at any speed .
maria piled some scrambled eggs and toast on a plate for him , but breakfast was not the main thing on his mind .
just one more thing ryan , before you go .
i have to admit , i thought things were going to get out of hand there for a minute or two ; good thing fred was there .
the only thing is , i think he s still in mourning , and things might move rather slowly ; still , i m sure you re the answer he needs ; be patient .
marie was certainly right about one thing ; they made a lot of salad and in a hurry .
all the little asides were played out with minimal notice , franz and bernice , dennis and angie , laura and leslie , but there was one thing left to be done this day , other than the inevitable clean - up and trip home .
i think everyone needs some place to go , just by themselves , to think things over .
the other thing , about being his mothers son , that sort of made sense too .
anyway , he now knew of a secret place in which he could find refuge if he needed time to think about things , and he knew how to skip stones .
well , for one thing , you need a practitioner , a place , and a time .
love you too i forgot ; one more thing .
while the other guys are looking for something to write on , i m done and off to the next thing .
my job is to find the place and things like that .
we can move this whole thing into the bedroom before she gets too far with it .
that was the only thing i was worried about , really .
marcia served up the coffee as promised , then retired to the office area to keep things under reasonable control , and to clue in the guys when they got back from their meeting later in the day .
if there was any one thing of any importance left undone , laura remembered it mid - morning .
five days , he thought ; did nt seem like much time , but the kids had to get back into school after the holiday recess , and this wedding thing had rather crowded some other things around in the windmere schedule of events .
any unpacking could wait until morning since it was getting a little late and there was still one thing laura wanted to do , in bed , with this man , on their wedding night .
roger had been right about one thing for sure : there was a testosterone rush in ryan williams he had not felt in a long time , and he would have to pace himself through stern self control for fear he would rush things when he wanted so much to be gentle and caring , making love not just having sex .
on an ego trip i guess , but i do nt want to get carried away with this thing .
they were at one of her most favorite places in the world , the garden in the park with a large gazebo where shed come and sit for hours to think things through .
things like this are not supposed to happen with the mating bond in place .
was nt that the important thing ?
well , for one thing , i heard jesses sister tell a man to do something i know for a fact he would nt normally do .
the whole thing sounded absurd and nutty , and i hoped i was just taking things way out of context .
next thing i know , you ll be claiming those wolves were werewolves .
but i had to remember one thing , and that was just how dangerous he was .
` ` yeah , it 's a human thing and a friend thing .
the last thing that she wanted was for him to be injured because he had become a part of her life .
this was one more thing that she simply could n't deal with at the moment .
this was not his thing , not at all , and it was more than obvious that he did n't like it .
one thing was for certain , grandma iris new how to tell a story .
the next thing i knew , there was a guy sailing through the air , slamming into the dumpster right beside me .
in my old home , the most complicated thing i had to worry about was my schoolwork .
every time i brought up the slow motion thing , he would just say later .
she shut her eyes , not wanting its ugly face to be the last thing she saw .
i was so focused on making sure we did nt end up in a ravine that it was the only thing i concentrated on .
instead , she clasped her hands together and focused on one thing .
look , menus aside , the most important thing to realize is that there is a real hole in the market for this type of establishment .
i ve worked in food service for a long time , but one thing always stuck with me .
instead , he d ruined the whole thing by trying to take things further than he should have at the brunch .
but it probably wo nt work if you re not focusing on just one thing .
but what i do know is that this whole thing is bigger than a little spell .
things were good at school and i learned that the girl 's gossip about me was actually a good thing ; it meant i was relevant .
one more thing , i do n't know exactly how much you know about me , but no matter what you see , i will not hurt you . ''
he then went on to explain that they d place the kids somewhere until things were sorted out .
honey , there s one thing for sure , i am doing the best i can , but i can learn , then she reached over and grabbed jackies hand , i may seem ancient to you , but i m still not too old to learn .
lyndon would have a fit if he saw her drinking instant coffee , let alone if she actually tried to give him one first thing in the morning .
the last thing she wanted was to bump into anyone else and have to spend half an hour discussing frightful mrs frinton or klaudias riding stable party - did she care whether or not judy was jodding ?
but now she wondered about the whole thing .
just one more thing ... julias number .
apart from any thing else , what would her mother say if she turned up with a black eye or a split lip ?
dogs , kids ... the whole damn thing .
the last thing i want to spend my hard - earned money on is repairs to this house .
starting a new relationship with a man is the last thing on my mind , or my priority list .
her opinion was just as valid as his , and under the circumstances , she enjoyed being able to control at least one thing in her life .
as shed planned the meeting between him and jeremy , it felt like a god thing .
he would eliminate the house they d raised their family in , and that would be one less thing to interact with her on .
leslie , there s one other thing .
sounds like things are falling into place , does nt it ?
for one thing , its old , and although its in great shape , it does take a lot of effort and tlc to keep it that way .
now she felt bad because that was certainly not the first thing on her mind and by starting with it , it seemed to demean him somehow .
its not a little thing what my housekeeper said , that you would look at every tall - fenced house to know if i live there or not he began to smile with this manly smile , what everybody knew you re surely a big fan of me .
- its not a little thing what you do .
the tall sky can collapse upside , everything can fall in what are intact , one thing is important , that you love me , everything else is only a mere of nothing .
oh , he sees monica , but that 's strictly a sexual thing .
the next thing i knew , he was pulling me down to his mouth and kissing me passionately .
for one thing , the timing is too obvious , and for another , well , i just know you .
` ` i never can finish the whole thing , '' she said , closing the lid .
marco out of habit not leaves things half .
so those are some things for you to think about : music and flowers and maybe what i d write you if i put a note in your locker today .
and i ca nt fix things very well if i do nt know how it got broken in the first place .
but i also know that he wants to have a less secretive side to the whole getting - to - know you courtship thing .
but the thing that bothered her the most , the thorn in her side that would not go away , was the fact that ray did not touch her when he came home , nor since .
and that s the other thing i want to talk about .
` ` oh , and you were right about one thing .
` ` you were right about one thing .
the familiar fury bubbled up at the injustice of every single thing in my life going wrong .
the only thing that s different is how you suck me off .
the way he s staring at me says that business is the last thing on his mind , and i wonder if i ve made a huge mistake letting him stay .
you need to learn , the only thing that matters here is what i fucking want .
it was as if i was the most important thing in the world , the most important person in the room .
well , one thing led to another , and if a counselor had nt noticed all the lights were off at the dorm and come to check on things , i might not be here today .
i figure the whole thing is damn awkward , so i do nt say anything in front of your friend .
it did nt really hurt , but it was the principle of the thing .
the one thing that did concern me was the lake , but you said she would nt have had time to reach the water before the search party got there .
susan asked she s uncomfortable about the whole thing and determined to keep sarah close at hand .
when we get this thing sorted out with sarah , we can go on a real date , brandon said as he leaned against the car door and looked into the open window .
you and me both , brandon agreed , then added , but there is one thing .
you need nt worry about a thing anymore .
i d forgotten about the other thing .
believe , me , michelle , its been a wild and dangerous ride up to here , but there is nt one thing i would change if it meant losing you .
the first thing they make as soon as they can , the first thing they make is a weapon .
one thing at a time , eh stanley ?
she knew heath liked matt , a lot , although he did nt think either he or cassie were old enough to make it a permanent thing .
carolines buried with so many projects right now that shell snap my head off if i bring up one more thing .
and if anything , it is one thing in favour of the prophecy .
kronan has them so wrapped up in this prophecy thing that as truthseekers , they have to let things go in order for the path to be revealed .
i leaned forward with my elbows on my knees , my hands clasped tightly together , fighting conflicting needs to know everything , and to shove the whole thing under the proverbial rug and never think about it again .
then its probably a good thing you went along with it .
it is the first thing i think about .
next thing you know i will be half - naked in his bedroom .
` ` i know this is the last thing you want to talk about but that thing that happened . ''
the only thing that matters now is jack and the crazy stunt we are about to pull .
` ` i have n't been honest about the money thing . ''
that is the last thing on my mind at the moment .
i breathe in his scent , finally feeling like things are going my way .
but the thing that bothers me most is the pack of cigarettes sitting on the table .
its one thing to be omniscient and therefore know that , for most people , things are going to turn to shit .
i did need a new project but to be honest the trucking thing was more about preferring to play with wheeled toys than do real work .
~~~~ my neighbours training school supplied me with a list of the companies they placed rookies with , so that i could call for myself and ask about the female thing .
~~~~ and on to the next thing .
the most important thing to her was - life .
he had always been arguing with his sensei about blakes late night thrill seeking for one thing .
next thing rosalie knew carrie was putting hot wax beneath her eyebrows arch with a small wooden spatula .
but before that there s one more very important thing that we need to do .
it was probably a good thing he was already dead and could nt have a heart attack .
he would no longer reject joey because of a thing like social status .
okay oh , one more thing ill send out a press release about the new wine , the investment and a possible launch date after the party .
one more thing you should know , i probably wo nt have more than three hundred bottles for the first year , so the profit margin will be smaller until the wine is established .
no longer was he a carefree winemaker concentrating on one thing now he was chief , cook and bottle - washer .
and if you re wondering about the whole race thing , do nt .
that was more of an ali thing , and now that this curly - haired brazilian writer was asking victor who his favorite rapper was .
but , keely , this is nt a little thing .
you know , she said sounding as if she were trying to downplay the entire thing .
so , this whole how to make up for a lack of punctuality thing is kind of new territory for me to figure out .
they are totally nonchalant about the whole thing .
there had been some issues with one thing and another that had had him running around for a couple of weeks like the proverbial chicken without a head , but things were calming down again and leaving him with some breathing room .
the only thing that mattered was that she had said yes .
yes , she likely deserved a good talking to over the whole thing that was no reason for everyone to suddenly decide that she was in need of some sort of a leave of absence from .
more than one thing , she said , and her voice was beginning to take on a lazy quality that made him nervous .
a thing of the past .
like i said , i worked for little rock pd for five years but it just was nt my thing .
well , wait there is one thing .
as in , preparedness like for school intruders , kids that go nuts , that sort of thing .
` ` you actress types are good at that sort of thing , right ? ''
let me take you to this appointment and help you through this one thing .
why did every single thing have to be so complicated ?
the one skill i do possess that would make me a great candidate for a contract lawyer is the one thing i ca n't tell anyone about because it makes me certifiably insane . ''
holding you in my arms at that party was the only thing that mattered to me .
she 'd practiced some on her own , not that she knew a whole lot about what she was doing , but the way trevor could make her feel with a simple promise , she knew her meager touch was nothing like the real thing .
it 's kind of my thing , you know ? ''
one thing 's for certain , the next time this angel saw him naked he 'd be sure he was prepared .
one thing she could cross off her list of things she 'd hoped to see while down here this summer .
nursing is your thing , not mine .
the last thing you need is me complicating things even more . ''
is that the only thing you can think about right now ?
first things first , he needed to exorcise the place of the evil spirits and ghosts .
unfortunately , dante was unable to tell alan that the last thing on his mind was food since he was still too busy puking his guts out .
he s probably terrified by your intellect and resolve now , will hand you the dollar he made and apologize for choosing the wrong block , and the whole thing will be settled .
i approach the table , and for a few seconds i consider the groping and kissing thing , and it does nt revolt me , as it usually does when i think about things like that .
oh , that s the other thing .
hearings one thing , but after i saw that big voice was coming out of he seems to struggle for the right word such a small girl , i had to do something to get your attention .
but the main thing is stay totally calm , and do not , under any circumstances , get angry or make it about you .
we stop at a deli and get coffee , and the first sign that we might have misjudged things comes when the two cups total almost nine dollars .
if i had a strapping young buck like derek , there d only be one thing on my agenda , and it would nt be anything you could put on tv .
right now the only thing that exists is my three minutes onstage , and i m not going to let derek ruin that .
candys more your thing .
next thing i knew , mom threw her arms around me and engulfed me in an enthusiastic hug .
besides , he raked a hand through his hair and stepped back into the hallway , you know i m not much for the whole fashion thing .
and the next thing tabitha knew , the knife was somewhere in the nearby brush , and she was snug against the comanches solid , naked chest .
one thing you d best learn , and quickly , tabitha , is not to question me .
thank you for your trouble , alan said to simon , as though gratitude was the last thing on his mind .
they would be home shortly and there was one more thing disturbing christiana mightily .
the next thing i know someone is calling my name .
we were talking about the auctions and planning strategies and then he was telling me about his life in england , the next thing i know he had to make some overseas call and it was two oclock in the morning .
we do nt , but we did destroy him and we did destroy david , they may return seeking revenge , but that is not the only thing that i m worried about .
` ` no , no , '' cathy said , ` ` it 's a girl thing . ''
` ` oh , i forgot we have shorter classes today for the assembly , but there 's one more thing we need to discuss . ''
` ` what 's wrong , is it the same thing as your mom ? ''
she did n't even know about the helmet thing with you when we argued .
` ` it has nothing to do with footballi can handle thatand if i ' m being honest , it 's not our family thing either . ''
then i remembered , i only had one thing on my mind this time last yearand it was n't jason .
` ` while you 're thinking that over , '' i said , ` ` there 's one more thing i want you to consider .
there 's one more thing , i offered to look after you if you 'll allow me . ''
besides , you re overlooking one important thing .
she was used to speaking with her fathers scientists about this type of thing .
` ` nothingjust an inside thing . ''
finding the right person for yourself is nt just any little thing .
of one thing he did nt want to talk about was of the superintendentespecially with what he had found out a few days ago and had refused to mention to valeria .
he even detected a content smile when her things were in place .
its natural for you to worry about every little thing .
like when he gets his thing up and hard , then argh , how could he explain this analogy to his cousin ?
shit , did he just admit the avocado was the most important thing in his life right now ?
the only thing that 's come up is my attendance at the gallery .
` ` for one thing , i have n't got any clothes . ''
next thing i knew , we were tumbling backward through the crowd .
he sent the police , media and demolition crew on their way , and the next thing i knew he was kissing cleo denny , the older sister of one of my students , like he could n't get enough of her .
that 's the last thing i should be caring about right now .
karen found herself unintentionally listening to their conversation which rambled from one thing to another until one woman asked , so when will your house be finished ?
oh , and one more thing , do nt say anything to your old partner .
that s the last thing on my mind .
oh , julie , one other thing .
so what s the second thing ?
i considered telling him i wanted to forget the whole thing and go home , but that was a very brief thought .
uncomfortably i said , i m sorry , i did forget to ask one thing , how will i be getting pregnant ?
i know that you think having the law on your side is the most important thing here .
you took this clinical , business - like approach to this whole thing .
no , one more thing , i said .
when we came up for air , aiden said , i forgot one important thing , the contract .
but you are right about one thing : legally , i ca nt make you do anything you do nt want to do .
things went terrible after you left the country club .
not the other thing .
she seemed interested , but then there was the complicated thing she was talking about from a previous relationship .
i ve got one thing to take care of first , but then ill be over .
sorry just had a thing i had to handle .
mostly because it was the one thing that ever caused any tension between us .
there was one more thing to it .
one thing she was sure of this was not the moment for getting into a dispute over the mortal versus immortal idea of life .
no one knew , but one thing was for certain : that delay gave the pentagon the crucial advantage : precious time to plan and execute the counter - attack .
all right then , as you wish , nectar , clearly preoccupied with other things , sounded content that shed just take care of herself .
in the meantime , the best thing we can do is try to attend to business as usual , so that daniel can focus on his family and not worry about a thing here .
you do nt need to worry about a thing , all is going according to plan .
i should go back to my friends now , and i m sure you have a thing or two to see to .
beginning of october wildebeest migration was the last thing on daniels mind then .
daniel , she managed to keep the professional tone , there is one other thing i would like to discuss with you if you do nt mind .
tell me the last big thing you fought about .
maybe its your turn to spice things up a little bit .
you re the most important thing in the entire universe to me , harleigh .
you sang a few bars of shiny happy people , half of fuckin afghanistan blew up , and the last thing i remember before passing out was being thrown from the truck .
as well as the most important thing to her , the storage bins .
maybe there was no deep sinister past and helen had gotten the whole thing mixed up with someone else , after all it had been a long time ago .
he had every thing under control .
the accounts her bosses had leveraged were suddenly worthless and the whole thing came crashing down like a badly stacked house of cards , taking her and everyone else at the firm down with it .
andrew said gran left the whole thing to her to do with what she wanted .
she just could nt seem to settle on one thing .
he d look into the dwayne thing later , but for now he did nt want to confuse the issue .
adams warm reception had taken some of the sting out of andrews jabs , but the boat was the last thing she wanted to think about .
adam raised an eyebrow and autumn worried about what the deputy was thinking , but taking care of abby was the most important thing now .
not the other thing and nobody knows about that anyway .
its a good thing that your old man is a stand - up guy or else we d have a real problem and i m warning you , if things become a problem , ill deal with it head on , he told her .
next thing you know hell be reading my mind , i huffed and walked deeper into my apartment .
i would nt go that far , but one thing is for sure , it has nothing to do with the zuba case .
when you have it in place , sit facing the chair over there and ill get things ready .
it was clearly a guy thing , so i let them have their moment .
chapter twenty - six the first thing i needed to know was whether or not robert had been in charleston at the time of the fire .
one thing was for sure , this baby would be the most spoiled child in seven counties if mayas sisters and mother had anything to say about things .
one thing was for sure , this baby would be the most spoiled child in seven counties if mayas sisters and mother had anything to say about things .
it suddenly seemed like the least important thing in the world .
the only thing that would matter , she went on , so earnestly it was difficult to imagine she might be making it up as she went along , would be how he treated me and the babies , and whether hefelt the same way .
thatsthats a family thing .
maya , that is the last thing on my mind , i swear to you .
that s the only thing that is relevant !
this was either a boss with a valued secretary that he genuinely was nt trying to hit on , or a long - married husband who was very much over the whole thing .
montana had no - fault divorce laws , so it was nt a matter of legalities , but on a personal level , ruth would never , ever want to relinquish the chance to make ren feel that the whole sorry thing was his fault because he had been the one to say it first , just like it was always his fault when he got her the wrong thing for christmas or valentines day .
sweet jesus , the prom , and its aftermath , right here at river bend park may , 1996 as a general thing , ren was incredibly glad he lived in montana , not california or florida , or anywhere else beachy and warm .
it was a dish of chicken and pasta and vegetables , flavored with a can of cream of celery soup in true nineteen - sixties style , and tully hoped she had nt over - cooked the pasta or undercooked the broccoli before putting the whole thing in a big lasagna dish and finishing it off in the oven with a layer of grated cheese on top .
she had nt done it soon enough , this was the only thing that haunted her .
this is a big new thing in his life , just the way it is in ours , and he s right in the middle of his surgical training .
he d left the place in a level of mess that ruth would never have tolerated , and he wished he d found time to put a few things away this morning .
the other thing that kept her awake at night was trying to think of a gift for the kidsnot something easy and impersonal like a gift certificate , but something that showed effort and care .
tully knew that she and mom had been letting things drift with sugar .
the only thing he was worrying about was that she wanted to go home late evening , alone , and heni was afraid of he will think bad things about she once went to party like something teen girl who has nt got any duty , while she was a married wife .
she has never been in a situation like this that they were going to make an interview with her , as an addition , about a so humiliate thing like this .
there was nt too much thing what was parting her from fainting .
just this all thing is so much now to me !
- i know , i ve ghought it over a lot of times but i had to act without thinking in that moment and the only thing what was on my mind then that i wanted to can get away heni answered .
they had begun talking about saudi arabia sow - dee ashok had kept correcting them , and then raife said something about womens dress and the next thing he knew ali was sitting erect on the small couch and spitting particles of food across the room .
for one thing , more and more possible variables kept appearing in the equation and things were getting far too complex .
for one thing , more and more possible variables kept appearing in the equation and things were getting far too complex .
cleary that time was nt a thing of the past .
one thing i thought about a little bit ago , when we were on our blind date you mentioned you had divorced parents .
of all the things to gamble on , he had to put his marriage on the line when he knew more than anyone that running away never solved a goddamn thing !
one thing frustrated her she knew that shed take him back , even though she did nt know the answer .
the last thing she registered was the sound of the horn blaring as her face hit the steering wheel .
nobody listens to american landscape designers when it comes to these things .
i was envisaging a central water feature , hedges , flower beds for colour and seating so that your guests can be out of the wind on a breezy day , but again those things would be better served within the shelter of the walled garden .
its a good way of encouraging people to exercise ; -a part of making designs work well comes down to good psychology perhaps if there was a summerhouse for picnics , or an obelisk or something like a pagoda that guests could climb ; that sort of thing .
digital is great for this kind of thing , ill download them onto my computer when i get back and sort through the images later .
that s such a personal thing and its often more subjective than objective .
he purposely reversed the well - known idiom , lowering his hands to the tabletop and leaning forward , something shed noticed he did when he wanted to exclude all others from his conversation and concentrate his focus on her alone , by the way , are you including all the males as well in the whole anyone thing ?
may i ask one more thing before we put this topic to bed ?
she supposed it was an individual thing how people interpreted what they saw .
she stood straighter and drew her shoulders back , well shed start on that resolution first thing monday .
i m a bit squeamish about that sort of thing .
the only thing in between our skin was the bandage around my head , which i was sure the doctor was going to take off before i got released .
the only thing on my mind was trying to stay away from the pills .
is this going to be some kind of nightly thing ?
i d let the whole thing go at least for tonight .
can i just ask one thing before we get to the meat and potatoes of our visit ?
the only thing that has changed somewhat is that i m not as shy as i used to be .
it did nt matter what species a male was , all their minds seemed to be focused in on one thing .
it was just another thing to add to my growing list of things to do research on .
it was just another thing to add to my growing list of things to do research on .
even the guys who just met you know that , and since it was determined between meaningful looks that we were going to let things run their course , we could nt tell you a thing .
but even then , sitting in the caf with peter , thinking about the contract for a solo project , thinking about ricks drinking , thinking about the show tonight and how he wanted to change the set list , one thing kept popping into his mind .
next thing we know we 're sprawled out on park benches and some cop 's telling us to move along .
next thing i knew , i was falling .
he had never been good at the little things of taking care of himself laundry , meals , that kind of thing but time passed and he did n't call .
one thing was certain , everything she knew about life had changed .
the next thing i know , the girl shoves a shot glass in her cleavage .
life is just stressful right now , and helping to pick out dresses and flowers did nt make things easier .
i really think the spells are the key thing .
as to how i m here , lets just say us fates do nt let a little thing like a timeline keep us from having fun .
you missed how romantic i was about the whole thing , i told her sarcastically .
the other thing was that i could definitely stare at him all day and all night .
it was another thing i did nt want to think about at the moment .
i m no executive , but i can imagine a thing like that would be pretty stressful .
i noticed in the office that seemed to have everything , that there was one thing conspicuously missing christmas .
we must ve looked like we were having fun , because the next thing i knew the group of kids on their raft joined in .
i did nt think that was your thing .
but one thing is certain : it ca nt happen again .
that was the last thing i needed to deal with right now .
my first thought is that i m dead ; the last thing i remember was being drowned .
realizing where my imagination is taking me i immediately close my mind off to any thoughts of maria and instead focus on other things such as what i ' m going to do if the police come and look for me again , how long it is before my feet start to ache from walking around kolalaya in the next few days , and how amy 's going to go and blow this whole thing out of proportion .
the only thing that matters is that your here now . ''
someone must have called to make sure backup was in place if things had gone according to plan .
its a girl thing , you would nt understand , she informs him .
i was fired up and ready to go , but i really needed one last thing answered .
i think my neighbor two doors down is into that kind of thing , so why do nt you go check there .
one thing before i go .
could you help me with one more thing ?
do nt even think of such a thing .
just one more thing , how would you carry this gun so that it would nt accidently fire ?
they only ever had one thing on their minds .
oh and one more thing alan tristan wrote issys measurements down on a napkin and handed them to alan .
but there was one thing that was worrying issy .
the important thing is this , the way i feel about my body and how i wish it was .
the only thing that seemed important was i had to get out .
another thing they just did n't get , are the irish idioms , you know expressions that we have , like ` ` crack '' for fun , or ` ` amadan '' for idiot and on and on .
sex is a thing of the past .
i m sure he did not appreciate her little joke but , one thing , it would put him in his place as far as trying to teach her a trick or two !
she s very easy going and says , sure , its only a little thing , i might as well indulge him , if it keeps the peace .
i thought about what he had said about going to a priest and decided when things settled down , i would go to father green .
there s just one thing , i will not discuss the personal aspects such as the shooting of my horse , or the injury to my husband , and i do nt want to be asked about it on camera .
he was guiding this conversation to the last thing i wanted to think about .
and then i felt brave enough to ask him the one thing that had been torturing me all evening .
the last thing i wanted was to give him the wrong impression , making him think that i was available .
the theatre would be the last thing alex cared about now .
i shivered at the thought of facing texs cruel face , but this was the last thing i cared about .
i never expected myself to be such a good actress , for one thing .
when i did nt know who i was , this project is the only thing in my life that felt right and thankfully it brought you and your dad back to me , but i understand if you do nt want to leave sanctuary right now considering everything that has happened .
first thing , if that is alright .
after two hours , we go back upstairs to join the others so that i could look over one more thing for school and get ready for bed .
if we get him out beforehand , we could risk their calling the whole thing off or moving it to an unknown location .
one thing has nt changed .
do nt you think reginald or some of his men , some of the people that we have come in contact with would have talked about such a thing ?
changing gives me a split second in time where i can grab hold of him , but i have to put things in place so that many things can happen at once .
waving my hand for him to sit , he looks relieved and picks up juliannes hand once more , while cassandra is in marks embrace , anthony is whispering on the phone telling laurel that he will see her first thing tomorrow and peter is kissing the cheek of amber .
but one thing caught her attention .
the last thing she wanted to do now was appear as some bashful woman who would burn red at the thought or spoken word of a bedroom , sleeping in a bed with thomas , or more .
one thing was for sure though , the baby did not like this position .
she asks , spinning around in a circle so i can see the entire thing .
its a good thing i know better , i mused with a grin , my gaze all the while devouring the radiance of his full , moist lips , carved cheekbones and wide ebony eyes ; eyes that seemed to brim with a strange glow as they raked me from head to toe .
dining together was one thing ; how was i going to step onto the dancefloor , a sharply tiled expanse with mirrored walls and a crystal chandelier overhead , with a man that i d rather drag into the squared circle ?
it was so fast that i wondered if i imaged the entire thing .
just one thing , though .
leaving things a bit damp and not worrying about putting things in the right places in the cupboards .
you ai nt got a thing to worry about , love .
look layla i want you to know that it would nt change a damn thing if you 're not a virgin .
but honestly layla , if this is a night for confessions and facing up to the truth then there s another thing we should talk about , is nt there ?
fine wine had always been part of his life history , and he did nt want it to be a thing of the past .
the whole sorry thing gets dragged through disciplinary hearings and into the morning papers .
my car was another thing that i had to worry about .
ill be twenty four in aprilwhat does my age have to do with anything thing ?
well , do nt you worry bout a thing .
its the last thing he wanted to think about .
next thing i knew she was facedown in the water .
she remembered marshmallows being tossed around and of course maggie and reggie arguing over every little thing .
i had no idea what was going on in his mixed - up head , so i tried to play the whole thing off as if it were nothing .
so far both are holding firm , but with something as fragile as the male ego you never quite know when one more push may shatter the whole thing into a million pieces .
and even if he was n't aware of it now , one day he would see this as the thing that was most responsible for building the foundation of our future life together .
then , under her breath , she added , ` ` i admit to my mother that i had a date , and the next thing you know , she 's got us going steady . ''
next thing you know they 'll have a paging system more complex than the desk clerk yelling , ' hey , anybody here named bud ? ' ''
it pleased to her to have the scent of his clothing among her things , but she was still uneasy with his invitation to her parents .
the whole thing was awkward .
there 's one more thing , '' he said .
having already decided on something very elegant , she doubted shed get what she wanted there but their very reasonable prices made it worth a look , not to mention the one thing guaranteed to take her mind of things was shoe shopping .
the other thing that helps is that i know i m going to see everybody again someday , even if i have to leave this life before they make it here .
well , one thing i have had a lot of success with at lyon is developing marketing strategies .
i was feeling guilty about the one thing that had been most important in my life for over a decade .
the next thing i consciously registered was the feel of seths fingers gently twisting the curls around my face and then sliding them down along my jawline .
i see you ve been keeping things orderly , nicole said , referring to shelves of photo albums and the coffee table books hidden within stacks of boxes on her last visit .
next thing she knew her legs were around his shoulders .
she could nt narrow it down to just one thing .
she lay down , and the next thing she knew , the dawning sun warmed her skin .
like aisling told nate in the last book , its a girl thing , you would nt understand .
i was nt sure why malphas had picked a location in the middle of the country , but i was game to follow him anywhere to get things over with .
it annoyed me that my words were true , but i apparently had a plan in place to make sure things worked out in my favor .
it was a good thing he had it on his side because i would ve thrown it across the rom .
i thought i d discover something useful if i could just sit in a quiet place and let things play out .
i did nt know for certain shed really gone to the area i was planning to drop in on , but it seemed she was dedicated to making sure i did nt screw things up .
i thought having a second to scope out the place made a little more sense than just dropping in the middle of things .
it was one thing when he was just stronger than you .
i needed some sugar , so the danish was the first thing i focused in on .
oh arianna , just one more thing , john called from nowhere .
its a good thing you do nt have a curfew , she said and looked away from him .
oh and arianna , one more thing , scott turned and called out to her unexpectedly .
he was a big thing .
oh , there s one more thing .
yeah , you girls generally only see one thing money .
they turned her love back sharply and she saw deeply into things that she had not properly comprehended before , and with the mercy and the severity of every ruby tuesday , the great heart that had beaten since gan eden , she took jesses mind and she shepherded it beside quiet waters , and in those cool pastures where he was led ruby spoke to him , using just those words that were stored within her , for jesse and for this very occasion .
a healing thing from the banished parts there are things that should remain secret and yet they burn to be told , for the forgiveness and the healing of the world they burn wantonly to be told .
babe if this is a sex thing please , jesse , shut up .
` ` i would n't change a thing about you . ''
if we call the police , and they see - or sometimes , just think they see - something weird , the next thing you know , we 're gone . ''
i absorbed it in bits , unable to take in the whole thing at once .
` ` i knew things were busy for you , '' he said , ` ` with putting this place back together , and the memorial service and everything . ''
` ` ava , there is just one more thing . ''
one thing was for sure , all of this put her past and present into perspective .
and he 's supposedly attractive , but i ca n't judge that sort of thing . ''
it was yet one more thing that they had never discussed .
the main thing was to get the architects in and out and the workmen on site .
miss daly reassured her that marriage was the last thing on her mind and that confidentially marriage was really outdated .
i mean , you were ahead of your time deciding to give the whole thing a miss ... ' the girls organised a goodbye picnic for miss daly - a bonfire on the beach one night .
' does that sort of thing matter ? '
there 's one thing , though ... '' oh , no ... ` ` what 's that ? ''
` ` yes ... but that 's not exactly the sort of thing that 's ever come up . ''
` ` the whole thing with harvey ?
it 's not the sort of thing you bring up at cocktail parties , you know .
this whole thing was a mess .
the last thing he wants is to give everyone in the department a reason to do some serious digging when it comes to his client , and he knows that 's exactly what 'll happen if he presses this thing .
the last thing he wants is to give everyone in the department a reason to do some serious digging when it comes to his client , and he knows that 's exactly what 'll happen if he presses this thing .
otis deserved whatever punishment the law could fashion , except for one thing .
` ` oh - wait , there 's one more thing . ''
next thing i know you 'll get something in your eye , and i 'll have to get really , really close to see it .
` ` you do n't have to worry about a thing , dear .
` ` you have n't got a thing to worry about , mrs . remington .
` ` the next thing i know , you 're going to ask me how much i enjoyed kissing you . ''
it was on the tip of her tongue to deny the whole thing , but she decided to brazen it out .
` ` my liege , '' kelvin said , clearing his throat , ` ` of course , there is one more thing .
likely he would n't have recalled carruthers at all , save for the one thing .
he could n't swallow a thing , himself , but feeding sister joan would maybe keep his mind off things for one minute more .
he could n't swallow a thing , himself , but feeding sister joan would maybe keep his mind off things for one minute more .
that was the truth , she hoped , and yet clearly to this young man , the only thing that mattered was that his wife was not with him .
and if the danger was a thing he could n't help , like wee ronnie and the ox , what difference might her speaking make ?
though it was n't exactly a secret , it did n't seem like the sort of thing she 'd care about at all .
next thing we know you 'll be moving abroad . ''
` ` the important thing is that we 're all here today . ''
` ` that 's the last thing i ' m worried about . ''
` ` in all this talk about a baby and my family , i think i forgot to mention the most important thing . ''
yes , times would have been hard and we would have had to scrimp a bit , but we would have had each other , and that 's the important thing .
` ` there 's another thing , van .
then he wanted to take apart the son of a bitch with his own hands , and the very next thing he wanted was to ensure that nothing would ever harm this ragtag family again .
yet one more thing to worry over .
the last thing he wanted to do was do or say something he 'd regret in the heat of the moment .
` ` now i already a good idea of how controlling he was , but i honestly thought it was an ego thing .
the last thing he wanted was to hurt her inadvertently .
` ` there 's one other thing , '' donovan said .
` ` i had every intention of taking things slow and sweet , '' he said in a ragged voice .
the only thing i want you to focus on is having a fun day with my sisters - in - law and getting what you and cammie and travis need .
with his gut churning with anger and confusion , he seized the one thing out of the mess of his emotions that mattered to him .
but i needed to remember that this was probably a friendship thing .
one thing was for certain : not only did bennett know how to use those magical lips - he knew how to use his fingers as well .
so maybe he could have been a little more discreet in the whole thing .
` ` meg is running a few things and talking to some experts in the uk that have some knowledge on this sort of thing , '' ryder said quietly .
` ` guess they handle this sort of thing with the banks .
and despite some of his criminal behavior , he 's the one thing keeping things from tipping to the side of bad . ''
it was n't until she mentioned needing a ride that he was able to piece the whole thing together .
it was amazing how someone that much younger could put the whole thing into perspective .
` ` the only thing i need more time on is how much i can spend with you , '' he said .
` ` is the real problem here the genius thing or the katherine thing ? ''
for one thing , turning concepts into numbers was a sort of anagramming to which he was unaccustomed .
hassan paused for breath , and colin mentioned the thing that had been bugging him most all day .
` ` you 're correct about one thing , '' she said , gesturing beseechingly with her hands .
the whole thing must have been rather risque for the time .
she was n't going to let a little thing like a broken engagement get her down .
` ` naturally , i ca n't speak for all men , but there 's one thing that bothers me more than anything . ''
the next thing she knew , chase had grabbed tony 's arm and steered him toward his parked car .
the least you could ' ve done was ... was be civil about the whole thing .
the internet was great for that sort of thing .
he had to do that , focus on ordinary things - the road , the streetlights , the hiding places along the way - because when he did that , he kept himself together .
not every little thing , but the big things - like us - we think she 'll get those back . ''
not every little thing , but the big things - like us - we think she 'll get those back . ''
the next thing i knew jeff had sold his car so he could buy me an engagement ring . ''
` ` you 're curious about the same thing as me . ''
` ` where 'd you go to school , that sort of thing , and how you got into the detective business . ''
one thing he knew , he was n't walking into that church .
one thing was certain : she refused to interfere in her grandson 's life .
if goodness can whip shopping carts around parking lots and call it gravity , then a little thing like a slow - moving car should n't be any big concern . ''
` ` i did , but this was such a little thing .
` ` oh , and one thing more , '' karen said , so excited she could barely hold still .
one thing was certain : he was n't happy about any of this .
better yet , he 'd throw the whole thing away .
she would have forgotten about the whole thing .
` ` well , there is one small thing , '' shirley admitted .
it sounded weird to me and paula , but when she asked thom he said it was a woman thing . ''
` ` do n't fret , you have n't got a thing to worry about . ''
` ` but you did n't , and that 's the important thing .
` ` yes , well , that was just a little thing , do n't you think ? ''
` ` you do n't have a thing to worry about , '' goodness assured him .
one thing was certain : she did n't want to be the cause of ` ` chick problems '' for emilio alcantara .
one thing was certain : none of the nurses were accorded the luxury of sitting down and reading .
brynn does n't have a thing to worry about . ''
one thing was certain : she should n't have paused .
he did n't know what to do next , but one thing was clear : he had to do something .
the only thing that mattered to roy was the bottom line .
` ` you can rest easy about one thing , however . ''
they sat in a booth in a far corner , ordered clam chowder and coffee and discussed movies , politics , the stock market , the state of the economy and a thousand other things .
` ` that 's the important thing , '' heidi assured her .
` ` but that 's the important thing here .
` ` well , for one thing , it 's obvious that you 'll have to step in with beth and peter . ''
one thing was certain ; the residents at liberty orchard were n't eating any of their meals out of a can - unless they chose to .
the angel might ' ve been a figment of his imagination except for one thing .
` ` it 's not the kind of thing that comes up , okay . ''
actually , the whole thing is left up to you , really . ''
for instance , women might assume that men who spent a great deal of time at the office did so because they viewed their job as the most important thing in their life , when nothing could be further from the truth .
the next thing i knew , he was back here , asking if she was in yet since she was n't at home . ''
he needed time to think things through , but that was the thing : there was no time .
the first thing jeremy noticed when they pulled up to the house were the balloons tied on the post near the front door ; he saw the welcome home banner beneath them .
for all he knew , this was the lady who would be assisting with the delivery , and the last thing he wanted was to get on her bad side .
yet the only thing that mr . roberts had ever looked at with even the remotest bit of interest was the slice of apple pie upon his plate .
of course he wondered who she really was - it was impossible for him not to - but for some curious reason , it did n't seem like the most important thing at the moment .
she was really taking the whole thing remarkably well , all things considered .
one thing is for certain - i can use all the help i can get in convincing her to marry me instead of that wet towel mr .
however , it was perfectly clear that the only thing concerning mr . roberts was that he keep a high standard for appearance 's sake .
one thing was certain - he 'd have to make a good apology , though knowing how attentive she was toward her own aunt , he felt confident that she would understand once he explained the reason for his sudden departure .
one thing was for certain , however - he needed a wife , and he needed one fast .
for one thing , you do want excitement in your life , lady nuit - the desperate need for marriage that has you plotting , along with the ambiguity about you , your desire for anonymity , they attest to it .
the only thing that remains to be seen is whether or not you 'll accept and elope with him . ''
if he managed to seduce her , as was his intent , then the last thing he wanted was for her to look back on it with regret .
` ` it 's a good thing you 're having a bath later , '' daniel whispered as he strode past the spot where rebecca was working .
reaching for her glass , she took a sip of water before saying , ` ` if you 'll please forgive me , i ' m sure it 's not my place to discuss such things . ''
such a simple and uncomplicated thing , really .
one thing however was certain - his mother 's departure had been extraordinarily selfish , not just because she 'd left her husband for another man but because she 'd left her child with no more than a simple sentence .
this was another thing eve thought was holding him back .
i thought to myself , ` ` my marriage is the most important thing in my life .
beth to jennifer > > i ' ve been thinking a lot about that last thing myself .
that 's another thing he 'd gone out of his way not to think about .
` ` that 's one thing i 'll never find out . ''
the three of them had grown up together on the same street in this town - had shared everything from stories of their first kiss to their first million - but kia benton was one thing he was n't about to share with his rich and successful friends .
was this one little thing too much to ask ?
` ` it was a spur - of - the - moment thing , mum , '' kia said , feeling guilty for not calling sooner .
` ` you got out , that 's the main thing .
the very thing that mr . flynn donovan feared was the one thing that would save her from his clutches .
it was time to face flynn and their future , but she had one more thing to do first .
she had n't eaten a thing all day and she was n't sure she could .
` ` mum , i ' m sorry but it was a spur - of - the - moment thing . ''
joel murmured , lowering his head and placing his lips on hers , making her conscious of one thing .
today he planned on working from pine lodge so he could keep an eye on her , but he needed to go to the manor and get some things out of the way first .
` ` ... and now that the food and wine gala is completely out of the way for this year , '' blake said the next morning , looking down the boardroom table at his siblings , ` ` let 's move on to the next thing on the agenda .
` ` loving someone is a private thing . ''
focusing on one thing at a time was key to feeling more grounded , and right now he needed to be centered .
oh , yeah , we lied about this one little thing ... we make more money than most major movie stars do in a career .
what were the chances he 'd pick the one thing that terrified her the most ?
this was the one thing she would n't relent on , it was too important to her .
the next thing she knew a pair of strong masculine arms were lifting her up and carrying her .
` ` darling , there is one thing ... '' she began , making sasha tense .
` ` okay , so those times were bad , but i always made it back home and that 's the important thing . ''
the next thing i know ... '' her voice shook ` ` ... they called me to stay he 'd been brought here in an ambulance . ''
` ` there 's one more thing i want to do , '' he whispered in her ear .
the important thing was isabella 's recovery .
that 's just one more thing i need to discuss with bridget . ''
what had once been a favor to a devastated friend , a random donation of sperm , had turned into the most important thing in his life .
that was certainly not the only thing becoming harder .
that was the first thing he wanted an answer to .
she did n't have any insurance and had been struggling to pay for the whole thing but she did n't appreciate his taking control of her pregnancy .
he made a cash offer for the place and used his connections to push things along .
she was a little nervous to be talking about such a personal thing with a stranger but glad to have some help , as she did n't really know what she was doing .
it was a good thing there were a lot of people around , or he may have done something stupid .
if any other person had walked out before he was ready to speak with them he would ' ve scrapped the whole thing but this was n't business , it was personal .
nothing else seemed to be working to keep her mind off her worries , so why not spice things up , he thought .
she knew he would be angry with her , as he 'd told her she would n't run from his bed again but that was one thing in her control and she could n't let it go .
it may have been a small thing but to him it was a matter of a stick being drawn in the sand and her learning not to cross it .
i do n't want to talk about the sex thing anymore . ''
she found the whole thing embarrassing .
` ` i still think you should rethink this whole thing . ''
i 'd scrap the whole thing just to have her here right now , and i ' m not kidding . ''
` ` it 's a good thing you came when you did or i would ' ve withered away .
would you prefer me to argue over every little thing ? ''
i calmed myself with it 's just going to take time for you to not have to have control over every little thing .
do n't you worry about a thing . ''
that was the last thing i needed to be thinking about .
as hard as i tried , i could not focus on a damn thing all day .
` ` you know , it 's a good thing you ' ve got that big dick to make up for that fucking mouth of yours , '' she fired back , her eyes running along my body before meeting my face again .
as i set my things down , the thought occurred to me that it may not be in my best interest to have her make my coffee .
` ` i 'd hassle you for wearing that lacy stuff underneath just to torture me , but we both know i ' m into that kind of thing . ''
i groaned as i dropped back into my car and started the engine , knowing this was just one more thing i needed to accomplish in the next month .
her ex had always f**ked it up , she 'd said , and i was secretly pleased she did n't want to make a thing of it anyway .
but sara must have picked up a thing or two from chloe and had him by the balls beneath the table , because , for once , he was uncharacteristically quiet .
and i also refused to admit that i was failing at this whole dating thing , and might never learn how to keep things casual , enjoy life , be young , and experience things the way will could .
is he into that sort of thing now ? ''
pregnancy was the only thing i 'd really been worried about .
i would n't think of another thing until morning.i slept like the dead , not waking until my alarm went off at five forty - five .
it 's really just a small thing , but the fact alone that she 's fighting her need to orgasm just because i wo n't tell her that she can is giving me a kick that goes beyond the physical sensation of coming deep inside of her .
as with so many other things , locking her up like this is a mind thing , and the fact that she trusts me enough to let me do this to her is more of a turn on than actually securing her for real would be .
and you forgave me , because you 're a better person than i am , and you love me , and you know how much i love you , and we both agreed to move on , consider it as a thing of the past and a warning for me to better not f**k it up again , because this is my second chance , and the only one i ever want and will ever need .
i mean i can tell that she 's trying to get a rouse out of me , and part of me thinks that alone warrants a quick and painful reminder that it 's not her place to attempt that - as we do n't play things this way .
i can always spice things up later .
her words tear me out of my stupor , and it 's foremost elation that i feell- not about him staying , i ' m kind of indifferent about that , but just the fact that her struggle with herself from a few weeks ago seems to be a thing of the past .
things might have been sketchy between us over the last months , sure , but i do n't think it 's my place to lay blame with either of them .
she sees me blink at her groggily , and the next thing i know she 's on me , her lips pressed hard enough against mine to bruise .
but she 's okay with it now , because she knows that it 's a thing of the past and wo n't happen again . '
things progress like that to coffee and pumpkin pie , when alice suddenly speaks up , looking all ecstatic and ready to bounce in her chair as she grabs nate 's hand on her left , and rose 's on her right .
unless it 's your thing to hang out with a delusional , manipulative , frigid bitch who gets off on making everyone around her feel like shit . ''
for one thing , i ' m too tired to come up with something more elaborate , and i also need to know how much he 's really into it , too , before i step up the pace .
of course that 's a lot easier said than done , but eventually i reach a point where i decide that i ' m not doing anyone a favor by ignoring the one thing i can get resolved without either bella or jazz sabotaging me - my friendship with alice .
i finally ask when the only other thing i can think to bring up is more likely to cause some nasty bickering .
he forced me to end things , and i did , about the only mature thing i ' ve done in years . ''
then i can pick up the pieces and try to mend things with sweet words and not - so - sweet f**king , but i force myself to take those last steps and unlock the door .
i think that if our day goes even remotely as i plan , i might have to turn that into a monthly thing , as none of us seem even remotely put off by the idea .
one thing i agree with , if we keep on like this , neither of us will be able to stand by evening , but i do n't think that will be much of a problem if things go even roughly according to plan .
jazz seems greatly amused by the whole thing , until bella mentions our possible mystery encounter .
` ` yeah , it 's always convenient when in hindsight things just miraculously fall into place , and you can forget the months of whining in between . ''
` ` speaking of things that do n't concern me but interest me terribly , how is rose doing with her kid ?
it had been hidden at the dinner the night before under his dress shirt , but now , in casual clothing , the entire thing was revealed , in full color .
it 's a minor thing , bennett .
` ` maybe they would n't have been in your face all the time if you did n't call me into your little hellhole of an office for every little thing .
i heard her bitch at you for the jared thing .
` ` there is one more thing before you go , '' she mentions .
i realized that one thing is the root of my issue .
the best thing i can do is somehow fix things with maddy .
so , you should learn right here and now that this kind of thing is n't a trivial matter . ''
the bailiff had said that any little thing could give joe grounds to not sign my card .
try as i might to clear my mind , all i can do is think about one thing .
` ` this is the first time i ' ve been in california , '' i mention absently , trying to be casual , trying to hide the unsettled things that i ' m thinking about dominic now as i stare out the tinted windows at the suburban landscape rolling past .
that way , you wo n't always wonder if we did the right thing by breaking things off .
` ` the important thing is that she did .
i made my forgiveness contingent on that one thing .
but i know it now , and that 's the important thing . ''
` ` i ' m not supposed to discuss this kind of thing here , but i have a question about the industry . ''
getting krit 's attention was the last thing on my mind .
but she had been right about one thing .
the man i ' m involved with owns the place , and i ' ve still not established all of the nitty gritty with regards to the business and/or recreational side of things .
this is another thing that 's playing on my mind .
i slide my back down the wall until i ' m crouched in front of him , but his hot , throbbing cock is not the only thing that has my interest .
one thing is certain , judging by all of the prestigious cars that are often parked outside - they are all very rich people .
' this is not your thing , let 's move on . '
' listen , that 's not the only thing i ' ve been thinking about . '
it was as if the whole thing had been an inconvenience to her .
god , she hoped she was n't misreading the whole thing .
getting the delivery of cameras first thing that morning ensured that they were going to be able to wrap things up a day earlier as she had hoped .
but never the real thing .
it 's a good thing you mentioned that .
it occurred to her to drop the whole thing , to do what she 'd always done around meg - shut up and pretend it did n't hurt .
' course in my day , us men never cooked a thing . ''
i knew all along this would be one - time thing . ''
it was too easy to just float along one day at a time and let the relationship , such as it was , just be a nameless , uncategorized thing .
why i did n't want to was a more complicated thing , and that 's what i ruminated on as i lay in chase 's arms , content to be held for the moment .
it was two in the afternoon , but for jeff , coffee was an all - day thing .
` ` you 're talking about the bathroom thing . ''
in the end , it did n't matter , because girl or boy , they 'd be ours , and that was the only important thing .
i 'd already seen the entire series - and all the movies - but it was a comfort - food kind of thing .
i turned to look at jeff , who was watching the whole thing with an expression of rapt interest .
letting me love you means letting me worry about every little thing . ''
` ` you 're gon na be freaked about every little thing for the next nine months , are n't you ? ''
` ` when your guest leaves can you come into the office to take care of a few things , '' he said and then turned away .
she considered herself a very strong woman but there was one thing that could bring her to her knees .
she felt him touching her and then a slight pinch , but the worst part of the whole thing was being uncovered periodically .
they were both kind and caring and they listened to her as if what she had to say was the most important thing in the world .
she wanted to be desired and to be the only thing on a man 's mind .
she said it was a one - time thing .
the walk down the aisle went by in a blur and the next thing she knew the preacher was speaking .
we have jacob to think about and if we get all these emotions mixed up then we 're jeopardizing the whole thing . ''
she wrapped a towel tightly around herself and decided to forget about the whole thing .
if any of them flirted a little beyond what she thought was appropriate , she quickly put them in their place and things went back to normal .
` ` well we 'll just have to disagree on the owing thing , '' chad told him , then slapped mark on the back .
` ` i ' m sorry to tell you emily but the second i call my father this wedding is no longer a small thing .
family was the most important thing , and as long as they could stay together , everything would work out .
she knew she should forget about the whole thing , but she could n't seem to get the words past her throat .
` ` it 's a family thing ... '' she trailed off .
` ` ah , the whole science thing ? ''
someone had interrupted them , and the next thing he knew , she was gone again .
` ` one thing i know for sure - we need to meet this man and find out if he really is family . ''
for a while , crew had been lost , but that was a thing of the past , and now he only looked straight ahead .
she did n't realize it , but the only thing he was teaching her was how to love herself - everything else would easily fall into place for her after that .
things did look up when the waiter set down their next course , asparagus salad with brilliant roasted red peppers .
well , she would be carefree and happy if she 'd quit stressing over every little thing for ten seconds .
i enjoy him , and he 's been wonderful to me , but this is a summer thing , nothing more .
it was a good thing marlin had kept quiet ; otherwise , he might have canned him on the spot .
situations and people and the atmosphere , one small thing could transform the innocuous into so much more .
his photography hobby was a real thing , not a ploy to get women into bed , but disregarding that i was pretty sure i could convince him to skip the pictures altogether in this outfit .
he sounded as if this were a dreadful thing , sorrowful , though completely necessary .
` ` one thing , quickly .
one thing really bothered me , though .
no one could deny me that , since this was kind of a big thing .
it was n't really a thing that asher explained , or cared to talk about .
the next thing helen knew , her new husband was hanging over it , heaving out his meal .
odd how so small a thing had catapulted the town and people he knew into seven days of hell every seven years .
mostly a girl thing . ''
but in the meantime , just one thing . ''
then he realized , it was obviously the first thing on his mind .
one thing before you go .
the one thing we know is that giles dent was wearing this , like an amulet around his neck , the night lazarus twisse led that mob into the clearing .
` ` one thing , if you have n't figured it out by now .
she would have thought after the many orgasms she experienced the previous night , sex would be the last thing on her mind .
but the important thing is that she did come over , not why , he tried to tell himself .
but a little thing like that did n't stop people from hunting us . ''
` ` i was going to say that i do n't want to be too forward , but you and i both need a place to live , and i need some help with some things , and i like you , and i was wondering if you wanted to get a place together ? ''
` ` i thought it was a sex thing . ''
by sundown she 'll be thawed out and i 'll have handled the mara thing .
the other thing is more important . ''
` ` other thing ? ''
` ` yeah , '' rivera said , ` ` except for one thing . ''
in retrospect it seems a trivial thing to worry about .
i introduced her to mary james , and the next thing i know , tammie lee 's discussing a recipe for pickled pigs ' feet or some such with the president of the women 's association . ''
` ` they were together all of three days and the next thing i know he announces that he 's married to a girl neither of us has ever met . ''
` ` you 'll know , alix , and that 's the important thing . ''
the flowers and polished wood and shining glass were small things , but they expressed her new attitude toward home and what it meant .
biting down on her lower lip , alix managed to pick up the dropped stitch and then just before she could slip it onto the needle , she lost it and the whole thing unraveled another two rows .
this was exactly the type of thing she needed to know if she hoped to start her own business one day .
she made sure he knew it was n't any big thing to her .
` ` one small thing . ''
` ` that 's more of a women 's thing , i think . ''
` ` another thing , '' mrs . henderson said , hesitating again .
` ` should i clean out the drawers so you 'll have some place to unpack your things ?
vivian might have let other things go , but she 'd maintained her garden .
one thing was certain - she intended to find jake no matter what it took .
the next thing i knew , i was choosing his casket .
the one thing she knew next to nothing about was his family .
one thing was certain - she could n't work for christian anymore .
i had to hand it to alix ; she 'd been patient and good - natured about the whole thing .
the last thing i wanted to do was tell my mother that the dog she 'd loved had died - even if it happened decades ago .
alix tried unsuccessfully to pretend it was a small thing .
` ` the only thing that matters right now is that you 're here . ''
the only thing she had n't indicated was which clothes she wanted to be buried in and that was decided by her two daughters - in - law .
one thing was certain ; she needed something .
she did n't have a thing to cry about .
` ` for one thing , he has n't asked and ... and , well , i doubt he ever will , so there 's no point in discussing this any further . ''
the most important thing at the moment was getting away with her dignity - or what remained of it - intact .
for one thing , he had to be careful about his weight .
` ` one thing at a time , ellen , '' anne marie said gently .
he could n't add one more thing to his already crowded schedule .
` ` for one thing , we 'll have to commute to the city every morning . ''
for one thing , phoebe only had an hour 's lunch break and there was no guarantee she 'd get back on time .
but if he waited too long , did n't make his interest clear , the whole thing would become awkward .
` ` for one thing ... '' he paused .
he did want to clear up one thing .
one thing was certain : she was n't going to make any assumptions about mel .
` ` it 's a good thing you waited to show clark your engagement ring until the recess - otherwise i ' m betting the judge would ' ve expelled him . ''
the scandal took place soon after hannah was diagnosed and i had other things on my mind .
before i close , i need to clear up one thing .
one thing was certain ; this baby would have a number of doting godmothers , and she intended to be one of them .
` ` after all that popcorn i could n't eat a thing . ''
well , for one thing , ritchie had found a replacement and it did n't seem fair to show up a year later and announce that i 'd returned and bill would have to leave .
oh , just one more thing . ''
` ` you do n't have a thing to worry about .
one thing was sure ; with a career of her own , or at least the qualifications for one , she would n't have felt so completely vulnerable when grant asked for a divorce .
the one thing that did matter was getting a feel for what her mother was thinking about her father .
while she 'd been talking to annie , those men had stripped nak*d . ` ` we do n't have a thing to worry about , '' she told annie .
i remember how good it tasted and i had more of them ... and the next thing i knew , i was necking with this boy and i did n't even know his name . ''
she had n't settled a thing .
` ` you do n't have a thing to worry about , so stop frowning . ''
one thing was sure - she 'd meet this challenge the way she 'd met every other one in the past six years .
i still remembered how it had felt to know some stranger had invaded my place , touched my things , perhaps seen something private .
there had been one thing .
you find one , show it to him , then poof , the next thing we know , the stone is gone . ''
that smacked a little too close to the nazi way of doing things , which was what had gotten us into this mess in the first place .
` ` there 's one thing that bothers me . ''
the last thing he wanted was to miss a car and have to hunt down the owner at a later date .
not that she should be thinking about that sort of thing .
neither colt nor grant was quite so fastidious about that sort of thing .
nell tried to think of something to say , then remembered she did have one more thing to ask him about .
` ` your father leaves that kind of thing in my hands . ''
` ` she said they 're refurbishing some cabins , and dad leaves things like that in her hands .
as wretched as nell felt , another uncomfortable get - together with them was the last thing she wanted to do , but of course she had to go .
he had to get his act together and start focusing on the one thing that had n't changed .
but i do n't want things to change , ash .
` ` another thing you need to know , '' he said before she could respond .
` ` first thing we need to talk about is medical exams and birth control . ''
like the whole thing ? ''
was it a one - night thing ?
trust ash to do things his own way .
josie rose , hugged both of the women fiercely and promised again to text them the minute she got things worked out with ash .
but then the last thing on her mind had n't been whether she locked up or not .
gabe would lose his f**king mind , and right now the only thing ash was worried about was josie and getting her to a hospital .
she did n't let the goose get filled with clutter , because the poor thing looked bad enough as it was , but she could n't remember when she 'd last gathered up all the pieces of paper that seemed to accumulate .
if you just happen to run into one , you would n't have to tell him right away about the small country thing . ''
but this was one more thing she could n't control , so she mentally threw up her hands and gave up .
i intended to rely on syd to lead me around until i got things figured out , but you screwed that up , so if you want me in a particular place at a particular time , it 's up to you to get me there . ''
he seemed to delight in proving to her again and again that she was n't in control of even the smallest thing , that she was completely helpless .
the important thing was to not let him see how he affected her .
the main thing is : can we handle the job one man short ? ''
there was one other thing , something she had to get out of the way now .
` ` the important thing here is my best friend is dating the lead singer of cold soul and i have backstage passes .
i could only focus on one thing : pagan and how she felt , tasted , and the small little pleased sounds coming from her throat .
they knew their place in the scheme of things .
his mouth covered mine and i decided right now that was n't the most important thing .
not one thing , '' her friend said .
` ` do n't you fret about a single thing .
that was a pretty minor thing but it made him realize there was still a great deal they did n't know about each other .
one thing grace did know was that she could no longer afford roy mcafee 's services .
charlotte suspected that was probably the one thing that might interest tom 's grandson .
` ` not a damn thing , i can assure you , '' seth informed him stiffly .
` ` oh , yes , and that 's another thing .
the only thing she wanted to talk about was their search for jacob and joan .
one thing was certain ; she would n't allow david to take noelle away from her .
i introduced her to an artist friend of mine and then , next thing i know , the two of them are head over heels for each other , which miranda was happy to share .
the only important thing here is that you 're somewhere safe and that you 're taking care of yourself . ''
` ` for one thing , i want gloria to come to me .
` ` well , for one thing , larry has n't asked . ''
she could be nonchalant about the whole thing and dismiss it as unimportant .
` ` i did n't want a little thing like a kiss to stand between us , '' he said with a frown .
the business was n't the only thing going well in linc 's life .
he did n't have much interest in that sort of thing .
one thing was certain - justine hated the thought of her husband leaving her for several months each year .
` ` it is , except for one thing . ''
` ` the next thing i know , '' he said bitterly , ` ` you 'll be telling me that big oaf got you pregnant . ''
next thing she knew , she was part of the party - planning .
then he kissed her as if it was the only thing that had been on his mind from the moment she 'd dashed out of his home .
` ` the last thing i want to do now is decorate a tree .
she expelled her breath and hurried into the tulips and things craft store .
his relationship with allison and eddie was the most important thing to him .
` ` the last thing i want to do is get between the two of you .
` ` yelling is n't going to solve a thing . ''
for one thing , maryellen was seven years older and in childhood that was significant .
so many things began to fall into place .
then , before she could change her mind about the whole thing , she turned and hurried to her car .
the important thing about this dinner was what she planned to tell him .
she 'd repeatedly talked to both children about this very thing , but allison and eddie had dismissed her questions , and after a while she 'd let the matter drop .
` ` one more thing ... '' he gave her a questioning glance .
for one thing , they charged an arm and a leg , and for another , whatever lawyer ben had chosen was bound to say something to olivia when she returned .
` ` not a thing , '' she assured him , surprised he 'd asked .
the thing is , bob , how involved do we want to get in her life ? ''
he was correct about one thing , though ; she 'd been preoccupied with her own life .
` ` i 'd feel better if we discussed this whole thing with mom first . ''
it seemed such a small thing now .
` ` things did n't go so well with dan , '' bob murmured , staring down at his coffee .
well rounded , that 's the important thing . ''
` ` do n't worry about a thing , '' he whispered soothingly .
this was the one thing that distressed justine the most .
` ` she is n't one to let a little thing like security guards or tv cameras stop her . ''
one thing was certain : seth could n't sit around the house like this much longer .
she said this casually , as if it were a small thing .
one thing was sure : if he was accepted and his work became popular , their current money problems would be over .
` ` like i 'd even consider such a thing . ''
` ` but a little thing like a wedding band , including the one on his finger , has n't stopped him before .
next thing i know , you ' ve got everything in motion . ''
teri could see it would do no good to interrupt him with a little thing like ... life .
still , if it was up to him , he would n't change a thing .
next thing she knew , linnette would be staying in cedar cove .
he supposed he could now , but he could n't think of a single thing that interested him enough to devote his efforts and resources to .
he asked , trying to pretend that changing his dinner plans was no big thing .
i just went off it a few months ago , and ... '' this was information he did n't need to hear , the type of thing megan should be discussing with her mother .
` ` we might have to leave the game a few minutes early so you can catch your flight sunday evening , but that 's a small thing , right ? ''
the only thing she was happy about was bobby polgar 's success at the chess match in new york - and aleksandr vladimir 's arrest .
` ` should we confront the rhodes family first thing ? ''
` ` one thing , '' grace said , her voice falling as she glanced over at olivia .
for one thing , she wanted to tell him about her stepbrother , get his advice .
` ` if you want , i 'll get to work on that first thing . ''
mack was reluctant to bring up mary jo ; for one thing , it 'd been a chance encounter and he was n't likely to see her again .
` ` the only essential thing here is finding our sister , '' linc reiterated to the sheriff .
` ` one last thing , '' officer hutton added .
they would n't let me straighten a thing until they 'd finished .
but one thing 's for sure . ''
one thing was apparent - at least to him .
he knew one thing for sure - his grandchild was going to be a very spoiled baby .
one thing was certain : he was n't sleeping in pink sheets with a froufrou canopy over his head .
one thing she did feel sure about , though , was the fact that mack would move heaven and earth to protect noelle .
certainly the existence of demon pox , and how one acquired it , was the last thing he would want to explain to cecily .
perhaps you should have thought of this sort of thing before you fell in love with an addict .
` ` we do n't get much call for that sort of thing around here .
no , the last thing she cared about was whether people were staring at the boy and girl kissing by the river , as london , its cities and towers and churches and bridges and streets , circled all about them like the memory of a dream .
you do n't need my help with the poor thing . ''
as if i ' m in charge of that sort of thing ! ''
and promptly concealed the whole thing .
benedict smiled ; in this one thing , at least , he was triumphant .
` ` ongoing family thing ? ''
with that , the missing appetizer became a thing of the past as the woman smiled and accepted .
` ` you find this whole thing funny , do n't you ? ''
` ` one more thing , '' gavin said , walking across the room , his voice low .
the most important thing now was to protect the remaining pieces .
that 's the only thing i would ' ve changed , emily .
the important thing here is that tomorrow represents the rest of your life .
and really , the whole line - dancing thing ?
` ` there 's just one other thing we need to come to an understanding about . ''
she heard him shove off the couch and the next thing she knew , he reached around her and positioned the wide band of material over her waist .
before he met callie , his family was the single most important thing in his life .
despite the fact that the last thing she wanted was to confront max again , she found herself slowly turning , responding to the command layered into his quiet request .
` ` the second thing you need to know is that i do n't have a grand explanation for why you do it for me .
it was time to stop overthinking all the what - ifs and maybes and focus on the only thing he could control .
` ` it 's good you like the idea , because that is one thing you are n't going to have a single say in .
the important thing was that she would n't be alone .
` ` the very last thing i want is to put her in further danger or for anything to threaten the rest of my family . ''
the only thing that occupies our mind is getting lauren through this thing with joel knight safely .
but if you think what he did changes one goddamn thing about the way we look at you or feel about you , then you 're wrong . ''
he could n't blame her for not trusting him , but suddenly it was the most important thing in the world for her to do just that .
one thing was for certain , though .
he was n't going to admit that the last thing on his mind had been her injury , which probably made him a complete a**hole , but it was the truth .
` ` there 's not a damn thing you need to worry about .
but the most important thing is that you 're committed to making it work .
the last thing she wanted was to drag her future mother - in - law to a tattoo parlor if the idea horrified her .
` ` there 's another thing , '' lily said softly .
if there was one thing the colter men held true to , it was that women were to be cherished above all things .
no longer was today the only thing she concentrated on .
it was as if they 'd determined that they had all the time in the world and they were n't rushing a damn thing .
do n't you worry about a thing .
` ` the important thing is we get holly back to the cabin and make damn sure one of us is with her at all times .
` ` the mind is a delicate thing . ''
` ` a thing like that comes down to ...
i wonder if and when it will become a thing i can talk about .
it was , really , the only thing that mattered to her .
he is wondering the same thing : would him be back ?
and the only important thing to mitchell was that evan be there to see his triumph .
the only thing he should be thinking was how quickly he could get her back into bed so that hopefully this time he 'd get rid of the burning ache he felt when she crossed his mind .
to his knowledge , celia had n't married , or was this one more thing she 'd kept him in the dark over ?
she felt small and petty for worrying about such a thing , but - what if they did ?
she did n't bother even picking up their toys in there ; for one thing , her mother was n't due for hours vet and the boys would have their things dragged out again before she got here , so cate did n't waste the effort .
for one thing , he did n't want anyone to have the slightest inkling that he despised faulkner , but the main reason was hugh toxtel was the only one of faulkner 's stable of hired killers that goss would n't want to go up against .
one thing was for certain , though , their boy was n't creed .
out , and next thing they knew the real state highway department would be stopping by .
the last thing he wanted was for her to look out the window and see her father 's body , nor did he want her to cut her bare feet on the broken glass .
bed was the last thing on his mind .
his original interest in wolves had turned into an obsession with werewolves that had been the one thing that lay between us .
` ` mrs . beasly told you this stuff and the next thing we know she 's climbing out of the family crypt drooling and snarling . ''
i 'd be dead soon ; the worry was moot one less thing .
but there was one thing that still bugged me .
you two go and visit , and do n't you worry about a thing . ''
knowing natalie , she 'd want to discuss business , and that was the last thing on his mind .
one thing was clear ; he needed to think the situation through very carefully .
` ` if margaret and matt can overcome their problems , why ca n't buffalo valley sort out this thing with value - x ? ''
you were going to be in the area and it seemed like such a little thing .
strange how one small thing was often all it took to break a mystery wide open .
there was one thing i had n't , one thing that disturbed me more than the rest .
there was one thing i had n't , one thing that disturbed me more than the rest .
next thing i know - bam , bam . ' ''
he had made his request , and the only thing yet to be determined was if rafael would grant it , or deny him .
one thing that worried her was that she did n't know how much influence rafael had in specific areas .
transfers should have been handled first thing .
drea wondered as she plowed through her to - do list with ruthless determination , but no matter how determined she was , the damn thing kept getting longer .
that was the one thing she had n't researched properly , the one weakness in her plan .
one thing more : the bill of sale for the car .
until now , she had been in a limbo of sorts , lingering there while she thought things over , but now she had decided : she would stay here , and try to earn herself a place in that other world .
this journal is a private thing .
just a little thing with the grapes .
` ` it is not so big of a thing .
but one thing was for sure , no matter how much she wanted to flee , there was no way she was moving until he was ready to let her .
searching him for clues as to what was happening to her was one thing .
she did n't know david very well , but one thing was for certain - he meant every word he said .
the only thing that had been rummaged through was paperwork , and something about that nagged at him .
the last thing he wanted was for her to go through it al again .
one more thing was swept out of her control , adding to the growing pile .
such a smal thing , but it offered so much comfort .
she should have kept the whole thing to herself , but when it came to marcus , she had so little self - control .
it was kind of a last - minute thing . ''
she wanted to believe that she had n't failed at such a fundamental thing as keeping dale safe .
chapter sixteen isabelle was shaking with fatigue by the time grant drove her home , but she had one more thing to do before she could go out and join the others for dinner .
one thing was for sure , he was no longer waiting around for the police to find the f**king killer .
evelinde was n't yet sure of much about this man , but she was sure about one thing .
the next thing he knew his hands were slick with salve , and he was applying it himself , and once he 'd touched her cullen had been lost .
the next thing he knew he was bellowing , ` ` what were ye doing , ye daft woman ? ''
evelinde supposed it was actually a good thing that biddy was n't here else she 'd have led the man blindly into a situation that might have been dangerous .
the next thing i knew the rumor returned to me with cullen 's name inserted in place of ' a dark man . '
yet now the only thing i can think about is lucas .
i ' m grinding my teeth together when he responds , ` ` kylie 's leaving first thing in the morning , so it would probably be best if you come tomorrow .
under no circumstances am i to speak to the press or paparazzi , though i ' ve never seen a paparazzo in nashville and the last thing i want to do is seek them out .
do n't worry about a thing , okay ?
lucas orders me to go home , to the house on green hills , and wait for him while he handles things for sinjin .
although , when i say it out loud , it seems like it would have been a good idea for me to check up on that sort of thing .
i do n't know for which side , but the entire thing was hushed up and doctored out of existence .
the plan had n't worked out exactly as they 'd wanted , but sabin had n't escaped , and that was the most important thing .
` ` it 's a good thing you ' ve got him , living way out here by yourself .
it made elizabeth feel small and safe ; no more important in the great scheme of things than a blade of grass , but no less important , either .
no current athlete could dare talk about such a thing -- they were too rich to be believed .
` ` he has trouble staying focused on one thing . ''
` ` it was a onetime thing .
` ` a onetime thing , '' he said again , meaning it .
she stifled the urge to groan aloud and focused on one thing at a time .
` ` there 's one more thing to cover . ''
but the most important thing is you 're happy , right ? ''
furious with himself for taking this long to realize what was the most important thing to him , christian jumped up from the desk chair and marched out of the room .
that 's hardly the kind of thing you can hide for very long .
if he did n't get things under control soon , everyone in the whole damned place would know exactly what he had on his mind .
he could n't think of a single thing they had discussed that would send her into such an emotional meltdown .
` ` the main thing is you do n't have to make a decision about any of this right away , '' erica said , rising to place her cup in the sink .
` ` for one thing , i doubt that lissa would open the door if i did go by her place . ''
` ` and that brings me to the last thing we need to talk over . ''
which brought him right back around again to the brick wall of the paternity thing .
at the moment , the only thing her business future held was a harmless lunch date with trevor 's sister ... and a decision to make .
she had a thousand questions but she knew the only thing that mattered was that they get as far away from here as possible .
but the next thing i knew , i felt this awful pain in my arm .
and one thing she 'd quickly noticed was that he was meticulous in his care of all of his things .
he 'd almost taken things too far , had almost pushed inside her with one thrust because he 'd been so eager to be balls deep in her sweet heat .
the very last thing he wanted was for her to kill herself because then it made him a failure , and he saw failure as the ultimate dishonor .
i would n't change a single thing about what happened to me because it brought us togethe r if only for a little while .
the only thing she did n't like to think about , about park , was what he could possibly see in her .
and he was pretty sure it was n't a language thing .
eleanor it was probably a good thing that park 's mom opened the door when she did because eleanor was thinking about kissing him , and no way was that a good idea - eleanor did n't know the first thing about kissing .
' just one more thing .
his mom never talked to him about that kind of thing .
the only thing eleanor would have to figure out was the dress ... did they even make prom dresses in her size ?
it 's my main thing . '
it felt like the most important thing now was to run , the most important place to be was away .
the only thing that mattered was that i was n't with gideon .
the whole thing started when my boyfriend of two weeks asked me to be his date to his best friend 's wedding .
next thing i know , my ex - boyfriend was grabbing me , yes grabbing me , by my dress strap , i might add , and tugging me to stand up with him .
` ` that 's the last thing you should be worried about , '' i say , returning the trip and causing his flip flop to sail into the water .
it is n't my thing and mr . yorkley said you were the one to talk to about getting some assistance . ''
` ` doctor janice , would it be a problem if i stayed tonight and left first thing in the morning ?
leif was one thing i had to deal with .
my brother was the most important thing , and mr . brandt was right .
i had no idea what the hell i was going to do now , but one thing was for damn certain .
not only did i have our own after - party planned , but the longer i waited to come clean about the rest of the story , the more it was the only thing i thought about .
i still did n't have any plans about college , but one thing was for certain .
things were much easier when i thought my sister was the innocent little wallflower seduced by your gigolo brother .
one thing was for certain : he would show them that there was more to nick merimon than just a good roll in the sack .
he could definitely step things up in that area .
there were moments he wanted to kiss her and moments he wanted to strangle her , but the one thing stayed constant : the want .
the only thing that mattered was saving the baby that she still carried in her womb .
suzy flopped on the bed and asked , ` ` out of that whole sentence , you only picked up on the blame thing ? ''
she might have a long road ahead of her , but with nick by her side , the only thing that was important was the ride .
in the ` ` salon '' of her parents ' bathtub , luce 's mother had tugged the remains of her long hair into a messy pony - tail before lopping the whole thing off .
her momentary delirium over daniel had vanished , and now the only thing she wanted to know was : what was that guy 's problem ?
the one thing luce wanted - needed - to keep under wraps at sword and cross .
oh , '' he said , ` ` and one more thing . ''
clearly , she needed to nip this little thing with cam in the bud .
the kiss could be the smallest , most insignificant thing .
one thing was sure : luce was suddenly kind of ... famous .
` ` look , this is n't my thing . ''
` ` in the meantime '' -- and she thought he cocked his head toward the forest behind the dorm -- '' you got your own thing to take care of . ''
turning the pages was a battle against the ancient maple syrup welding the whole thing together -- and a good way to avoid talking about the trouble they 'd just narrowly escaped .
that 's why we 're here , because he read this book and the next thing you know , he could -- '' ` ` yeah , i was wondering about that , '' arriane said sarcastically .
she was aware that she was whispering , but this felt like a really big thing to be discussing in the middle of a diner .
one more thing to add to the list of proofs that she and daniel could not seem to communicate .
the bon re on the beach was the furthest thing from her mind .
is n't that daniel 's big thing -- the undying devotion you two share ? ''
` ` but when he texted me yesterday , all he said was -- '' ` ` he did n't want to get your hopes up until he had every little thing taken care of , including '' -- arriane curtseyed -- '' the perfect escort .
only one thing nagged at her .
another thing shelby had screwed up .
his body had gone rigid with the effort of trying not to mess a single thing up .
arriane tried to focus beyond the acidic burning ; the only thing that mattered was stanching the flow of tess 's blood .
` ` it 's just one thing .
but she was talking about that inde - scribable thing that was bigger than having a good time at a party .
a small groan came from his throat and the next thing i knew i was being lowered onto the small bed behind me .
i was beginning to think that was a one - time thing .
ted was good at making difficult things sound simple and ben could make you feel good about a root canal , but could they read the people , know who was going to be trouble , figure out the arguments necessary to bring them around , figure out how the politics played into the decision ?
that was the kind of thing a woman would be more concerned about than a man .
` ` the important thing right now is to go in there and listen to him , to give him the benefit of the doubt , to trust him . ''
` ` i ' m used to working on more than one thing at a time , '' he said .
` ` i realized the negotiations were not the most important thing in my life , and i did n't have the desire to stay there and pull them back together .
` ` the whole point of having a twin sister , '' cath said , ` ` is not having to worry about this sort of thing .
is it some kind of mormon thing ? ''
wren would n't leave the kissing thing alone .
any little thing could throw him off .
nothing that i ' m good at is the sort of thing that matters there .
i ' m the god of this small thing . ''
` ` see , that 's exactly the kind of thing i do n't want to know - wait , what do you mean , you 're not gon na sleep with him ? ''
when he had her full attention , he said , ` ` i love you , samantha , and you 're the most important thing in my life .
` ` you could take care of the whole thing , '' trevor said hesitantly , ` ` if you , you know , married her . ''
` ` it 's a good thing i ca n't throttle you right now . ''
his propensity to overreact and overanalyze every little thing made him the last person she wanted to share anything with .
about the other thing ? ''
i tried to tell him and the next thing i know he 's talking to megan and april . ''
the last thing he wanted was to drag evy any further into this mess than he had to .
he had been in such a hurry , plugging the meter had been the last thing on his mind .
` ` listen , dean , i just wanted to apologize for ... shutting you out over this whole megan thing . ''
but it did n't change a damn thing .
he stood , refusing to sit , because sitting gave leeway for this to become an extended thing .
bethany had seen nothing of the way things would be with him and she was already so fragile , so damn unsure of herself and her place in the world , that jace was extremely reluctant to move things too fast .
the very last thing on your mind was work .
the very last thing he wanted his baby sister to know about was his and ash 's propensity for threesomes .
the important thing is that she get out with girls her own age and make friends .
he had bethany now and she was the most important thing in his life .
he should have made certain she knew that she was the single most important thing in his life .
but the one thing he focused on to the exclusion of all else was the flat line running across the heart monitor , only jumping with the compressions being performed .
he was afraid it would be awkward taking things to a different level , but she was still his sweet ellie and even if he had sat through die hard with a hard - on of his own , it had been worth it .
one thing was certain , his water bill was bound to go through the roof until he finally slept with ellie .
i know it sounds like a guy thing , but i grill a mean steak .
he laughed saying , ` ` hey , it 's a guy thing , right , evan ? ''
things appeared to be going well in that area , and she did n't want to ruin the moment by distracting them .
in ten years , this was the first thing she 'd ever hidden from tully and it physically hurt to conceal it .
when she 'd paid the bill and they were ready to leave , kate said , ` ` there 's one more thing . ''
the next thing i know , we are sitting on the grassy , muddy bank of the pilchuck river , just like we used to , back in the seventies .
the next thing i know , johnny and i are at a bar on the ave , surrounded by kids doing jell - o shots in the middle of the day .
this is the thing on my mind when the red lights flash behind me .
the next thing i know , the water is cold .
his grief revealed itself in tiny things - the places he 'd missed shaving this morning and the way he 'd misbuttoned his shirt .
and i could n't take it , so i turned , and there was this ... light , and i followed it , and the next thing i knew i was on my bike , on summer hill , riding in the dark .
oh , and there was one more thing ... '' she frowned , as if trying to remember .
that 's the only thing i ' ve ever been passionate about . ''
while she appreciated all his words , valerie focused on one thing .
the only thing he 'd ever been obsessed with was his job .
armand was right about one thing , though .
i hate the idea of not knowing what that son of a bitch is subjecting maren to , but the very last thing we need is to go in and get our asses handed to us , get ourselves and maren killed .
` ` then it 's a good thing we decided to take the plunge , '' she teased .
` ` the only goddamn thing i ' m concerned about is the safety of maren and our child .
now , the most important thing is to get you to the hospital . ''
even considering such a thing was painful .
the only thing that mattered now was his fragile adreeahbenwah .
* * * two days later ... my mind is only focused on one thing .
next thing i know , i ' m led to the dining table and being seated .
and i can only think about one thing . ''
i really like the neck thing .
next thing i know my period did n't come and i just assumed i was pregnant . ''
if he wants this one little unimportant thing , i ' m cool with that .
in my alcohol - hazed mind , the whole thing suddenly seemed startlingly erotic .
` ` like i told those guys ... the concentration thing is big .
i needed to spill about the fumbled thing with mason , but before i could , i read her feelings .
yet , out of all the questions i had about this , one thing was definitely clear .
` ` it 's probably a janitor thing , '' she said .
the art was the important thing .
things suddenly clicked into place and the alarm bells that had been sounding in the back of his mind finally took center stage .
the last thing he wanted was to upset her any more than she already was .
she 'd watched him work on each of the various parts of it in the last couple of weeks , but she 'd been dying to see the whole thing put together .
` ` gabriel , there is one more thing .
if you think i ' m going to let an insignificant thing like this drive me from the program , then you are very much mistaken .
* * * there were a few intimate things that julia did not want her father or paul to see so she hid them in her l. l. bean knapsack .
` ` the important thing is that you address those events with someone .
julia tried to smooth over the conflict between the two men by pointing out that there were things that her father could pay for , such as her wedding dress and the flowers .
but there 's one more small thing . ''
not willing to argue over such a trivial thing , she eschewed his lap for the ottoman and sat quietly , gazing at the blue and orange flames .
` ` i suppose it 's a good thing she did n't buy brut . ''
but there 's one more thing we have to talk about . ''
` ` truthfully , this is the most important thing to me . ''
` ` if you think my actions are intense , then it 's a good thing you do n't know what i ' m thinking at this moment . ''
we talked about getting married , buying a house , the whole white - picket - fence thing .
` ` the important thing is that she 's safe .
the important thing is that you do n't need to worry about them .
but the first thing you need is a good night 's sleep .
but one thing we have n't talked about is forgiveness . ''
` ` staring at the invitation is n't going to change a damn thing . ''
it was the one thing she 'd never figured out .
` ` for one thing , that 's not how i acted .
chad was too carefree , not taking a damn thing in life seriously .
you 're overthinking this whole thing when you should be doing what your heart is telling you . ''
` ` yeah , so like i expected , it 's not a one - night thing , so i doubt mitch would have a problem with it . ''
the night of passion they shared was already a thing of the past .
` ` i see language is another thing we 're going to have to work on . ''
chad had actually tried to be considerate and sweet with the food thing , and she had ... well , she just had a really bad day .
she did n't know what or if it changed a damn thing , but she had to thank him .
a young , nubile thing .
now that she was with him and he was nak*d , she found her courage had been an ephemeral thing .
her body undulated over his , a thing separate from her mind , lost to her desire .
` ` we would n't change a thing . ''
it 's a good thing she met me first . ''
it was more of an emotional thing than it was a practical or financial one .
she lowered her gaze , feeling chagrined and already regretful about the whole thing .
` ` the first thing i need to worry about is finding another job , '' she announced .
he paused as if he expected her to jump to her feet and tell him the whole thing was off .
` ` yes , one other thing . ''
i sighed ... i ' ve been doing that a lot since i 'd started this whole thing .
` ` abby , you 're the most important thing in my life right now .
the only thing my mother criticized more than my poor manners were my looks , and though applying makeup in public would have typically earned me an exasperated sigh , apparently things were dreadful enough that immediate intervention was warranted .
probably it was just an argument over some minor thing , and the young couple would work things out .
she seemed to think last night had been a casual thing on his part , that sunrise had somehow ended it .
` ` i ' m certain it 's not proper to discuss this sort of thing with you . ''
left out here in the country , it was far too easy to forget those things .
the only thing you need concern yourself with is the dispersing of charlotte 's trust , which i 'll set aside for gwen , as your father intended . ''
yet there was one thing by which she was somewhat taken aback .
but the next thing she knew , kate and adrian had returned , both talking amidst bursts of laughter as they walked up to her .
` ` you must n't draw attention to that sort of thing .
emily steadied herself , then thought of the one thing that would help her get through the evening .
it was the one thing that she had no desire to think about .
the important thing is that you 're here , and i take it , quite willingly ? ''
in fact , at that very moment it was just about the only thing she was capable of thinking about .
he was seeing charlotte , and every thought and feeling that coursed through his veins at that very moment was centered on one thing , and one thing alone : revenge .
the last thing he wanted was to rehash the past .
never considered that she 'd be in a position to actually worry about such a thing .
a towel had been the last thing on her mind .
there was one other thing she had to do before she succumbed to exhaustion .
he may have lied about lattimer , but there was one thing he planned to be blindingly honest with her about .
as they turned to head up the incline toward the lodge , steele called out , ` ` one more thing . ''
garrett was n't going to explain the whole goddamn thing here .
` ` there are laws about that sort of thing . ''
citizens expressed mild disapproval , then shrugged the whole incident off and went on to ask my advice or suggest an improvement or complain about the same thing they 'd been complaining about since my dad was in office .
sure , her great - grandmother had been a medicine woman , but i 'd figured they were discussing herbs and roots , and maybe they had been , along with other things .
the last thing she wanted was to stand before bowen 's kin as though she had the right to do so .
you have a look of worry in your eyes , and ' t is the last thing i want you thinking on when you pleasure me so with your lips and hands . ''
not a single thing had been changed in her chamber the entire time she 'd been gone .
what laird mcinnis proposed was no small thing , and it would mean leaving his own clan .
` ` it 's sort of a business thing , '' she said .
` ` it 's a good thing you changed your mind because otherwise i would have hated you , '' i said .
it was n't a relationship thing , though ; i knew that for sure .
` ` it 's just that they can be especially harsh with this kind of thing .
i have n't factored in groceries or bus fare , but i will worry about one thing at a time .
he would use his charm to make her smile , beg for her forgiveness , and she would grant it with a grace and ease that would make short work of the whole thing , but he would see the hurt in her green eyes , in the way her smile would n't quite bloom , and he would know that he 'd disappointed her again .
the last thing he wanted to do was leave the comfort of his large home to escort temptation itself to the ball .
` ` time to sleep , '' she said , even though it was absolutely the last thing on his mind now .
sure he could show her physical love and affection , but to say it out loud was quite another thing .
` ` it 's the only thing on my mind , '' sebastian said , greedily taking the glass of brandy from nicholas 's hand .
since returning to renwick house , it seemed the only thing he could think about was miss gates and the location of her bedroom .
the only thing she cared about was sebastian and being able to be with him just once before she said goodbye forever .
the last thing she wanted was for rawlings to make a scene or to finally decide that it was in his best interest to share emma 's secret with the world .
after all emma and sebastian were doing for him , the last thing he needed was to somehow disappoint them by ruining the younger gates sister .
one thing was for sure , the girl would either ruin him or he would ruin her before the season 's end .
phillip himself had been curious about the same thing , until lady jersey and the dowager duchess of tempest both smiled and winked in his direction .
but one thing continued to glow in the back of her mind .
one thing was for certain , whitmore was n't going to be escaping anytime soon .
one thing was for certain , he was n't going to marry the girl .
for one thing , benedict could have her skirts lifted merely by crooking his pinky finger .
though he did have some explaining to do , she realized one very important thing .
love she was prepared to do without , but lust was another thing altogether .
the last thing she wanted was for her father to steer this stranger even more toward mr . beddington .
` ` retrieving the key to free mr . shipwash is the most important thing .
i mean , the way we lift each other out of ourselves , the giving and receiving of pleasure is no small thing .
` ` furthest thing from my mind , '' came the muffled reply .
` ` did n't he say something about seeing it last thing at night and first thing in the morning ? ''
you 're far too strong - minded to let a little thing like larceny reduce you to a quivering mass of pudding .
` ` there 's just one thing , '' she said , slightly dizzy from the twirling .
the coin was the furthest thing from artemisia 's mind .
i 'd never known them to give up on a sure thing .
about one thing anyway .
jess gets focused on one thing , to the exclusion of all else .
` ` i 'd have killed them all , but for one thing .
it would be helpful to go over this whole thing with someone who was level - headed and experienced , and who could be trusted to keep things quiet .
that was another thing i had n't really considered .
he signed after me , with an elegant flourish , and then handed the whole thing over to his lawyer .
there was a certain perverse joy in the whole thing , i had to admit .
next thing i knew he was nibbling on my ear and telling me i 'd been bad , which i was n't sure i had been , but his voice was playful and i did n't really mind in the least .
he kept telling me that the most important thing was to sound honest and unrehearsed , but i was absolutely sure i was going to make some horribly obvious mistake and ruin everything .
i 'd hardly spared my actual boss a thought since she 'd gone on maternity leave - out of sight , out of mind definitely applied when i had so many other things to worry about - but she 'd been the one to recommend me as a green card bride in the first place .
` ` the important thing is , are you going to get the f**k out of here and leave him alone for the rest of your natural life ?
` ` it 's a good thing you do n't still work for me .
the whole thing was an exercise in futility anyway .
i could understand why daniel had avoided the whole thing for so long .
he sat down and devoured the whole thing , so quickly that i almost did n't believe what i was seeing .
one afternoon , i came home from grocery shopping after having almost successfully forgotten about the whole thing , only to be reminded of it in the oddest way possible .
` ` oh , and - one other thing - i know you 're probably not used to people acting like human beings around you anymore , but i promise everything we talked about here today will stay between us .
` ` see , that kind of thing - '' i pointed to a portrait of a young man lounging on a windowsill , staring out at the landscape beyond .
` ` that 's not a real thing .
` ` i did n't want to give you one more thing to worry about .
i kept them on file in case anything came up down the line , but with things like this ... you know , you just tend to forget about every little lone odd thing that happens , right ? ''
i had no idea where this was going , but i was beginning to feel a distinct sense of unease about the whole thing .
you 're in the news at least once a month , for something - so it 's not like this was going to be the one thing that got his attention after all these years , unless he has some kind of special investment in the idea of you having an heir . ''
it was the only thing either one of us wanted to talk about , or could talk about , or could even think about .
` ` there 's one thing i wo n't argue with you about , '' he said .
but it 's not the sort of thing you talk about .
just forget the whole thing .
it 's a manly thing . ''
` ` i focused on something else ... the one thing that still mattered .
the memories of those bare , wet breasts and long thighs all crowded into this very shower makes me instantly hard and i slather soap in my palms before i take things into my own hands .
` ` i ca n't be trusted to think about more than one thing at once .
all i care about is one thing .
it 's not that i do n't believe in that kind of thing , but there 's no way your dad would give his blessing for you to get involved with me .
it 's the last thing i ' m worried about right now .
he 'd been forced to pry both her and crispen from their perch against him , and he 'd put them both on the ground until the entire thing could be sorted out .
` ` the important thing is we have crispen back , '' caelen said .
he looked to be contemplating such a thing right that very moment .
only one thing struck strongly in her mind .
it was another thing she 'd take up with him at first opportunity .
her safety is the most important thing .
` ` it was a last - minute thing .
i 'd always be honest with her about everything ... except the one thing that could take her from me .
i 'd hoped daisy would call me , but i knew they were settling in with preston and dealing with things .
i started to walk to the stairs , where i knew willow was going over things with the wedding director , when i saw preston 's blond hair out on the beach .
he had killed a woman once simply because she had left a thick red lip imprint on his favorite coffee cup , an act he now found ironic , all things considered .
that had been two years earlier , and he had never really bothered to unpack most of his things : cardboard boxes sat against the walls , his desk was cluttered with papers and photographs of crime scenes , the couch was a long lumpy thing that had come with the place and bore the stains of too many previous owners and the bed was not much better .
janelle had been a wonderful submissive but they had simply not worked out , they had both been on the fast tracks in their careers and busy with so many other things that they had lost a lot of what had attracted them to each other in the first place .
he intended to get to the bottom of this fiasco , but one thing was certain .
she yearned to tell the supercilious witch that stud service and a desire to dilute the maddox pedigree was the only thing on her agenda , but renee bit her tongue .
` ` if you must rehash the past , remember one thing .
you need not worry about a thing . ''
` ` it 's nota woman thing , ` ` one - eye snapped impatiently .
` ` it is a good thing women carry the br**sts , forifmen hadthem , they would be fondlingthem all the time . ''
that was the important thing right now .
mostly men are interested in one thing . ''
the only thing stupider was arresting jane this morning .
he stared hard at the glittering tears in tricia 's eyes , but this time the only thing that crossed his mind was how jane had come out to the alley earlier that night and given him a place to rest his head .
he also needed to learn about how she had finally moved to fort myers , where she had gotten things together for a while until woody the weasel had walked into the shrimp shack throwing around his money and reminding her about her lost dream of singing country music .
the main thing she needed to focus on right now was getting woody away from the car .
` ` there 's just one more thing , '' the agent said .
but , see here , there 's just one thing .
` ` and one more thing , '' deidre said , wagging a finger at her .
` ` see , she 's on a tear about the car seat thing .
sarah started to space on his conversation as he waffled on about this and that and the other thing .
` ` are you certain tulane rhodes is the right man for this racer rabbit thing ?
haley had already tried once to get miz miriam to help her on the whole car seat thing , but she 'd turned out to be a whole lot like granny and daddy .
` ` there is only one final thing . ''
if she were angry , then he would n't have to feel like such an a - hole for pushing this thing way beyond the limits of reason .
then there was the whole what - to - do - about - pete's - letter thing .
and in this case , the whole thing was augie 's fault , not yours .
` ` well , you know , we just need to understand that it 's a onetime thing .
what had happened last night was a onetime thing .
tulane , this is not a serious thing between us , you know .
i ca n't help you with a thing like that either .
i let you believe it was all just a casual thing because that was what you wanted , but i always wanted more . ''
i thought you and i could have dinner at the pig place and catch up on things .
but i want things to be right at the plant . ''
` ` for one thing , lillian bray keeps a telescope trained on the parking lot at the peach blossom .
one thing was for certain - hugh and cissy could really screw things up for hettie .
she did n't need or want a forever kind of thing .
granddad had very old - fashioned notions about things , and he wanted me to know my place .
but the thing is , granddad was right about some things .
she said he needed to fix things here at the plant .
` ` there 's one other thing , '' chief rhodes said , turning on his stool and looking up at her with a green - eyed glare .
it 's always best to take everyone 's temperature on a thing like this .
but on one thing your mother and i would agree - you need to move on .
one thing was certain , though : if stone rhodes wanted to keep her safe , even from phantoms , she was going to let him .
` ` do n't you worry , now , things are going to be okay at the plant .
she was pretty sure that stone would n't be averse to taking things to a more intimate place .
and there 's one other thing , sugar .
` ` and mom , there is one last thing .
one thing was certain , though : the price tag for this project had just gone right through the roof , quite literally .
her pulse raced , and the excitement of sneaking away and having the one thing that was utterly forbidden seized her .
` ` sometimes it 's a good thing to talk these things out .
and now there was just one thing she 'd been procrastinating over .
and the next thing she knew , bill had drawn her up into an embrace .
but that 's not the most important thing . ''
i tried reminding myself that my muddled romantic history was n't the most important thing in the world for a change .
that was an understatement , but there was one thing bugging me about my friends ' ` ` brilliant ' plan .
it had been one thing when i was his student , but now ?
sightseeing was the last thing on my mind at the moment , but if you had to run away , you might as well run somewhere good .
there had n't been any traffic on the road for over an hour , though , which was really the most important thing .
` ` well , at least it 's a place to -- ' a thought occurred to me , one that could seriously mess things up .
` ` the only thing i want to focus on right now is a shower -- which is kind of ironic , considering how soaked i am . '
i wanted dimitri to be with me to drop the bombshell , but emily might only be able to handle one thing at a time here .
` ` one thing to be careful of , rose .
such a small thing for a law to hinge on .
` ` i do n't joke about things that could have me hiding in a third world country to escape extradition . ''
falling back on caution , abby directed the young man to place her things in one of the spare bedrooms , easy enough to discern from the huge master bedroom .
no , today was about something much more concrete , and the only thing she still allowed herself to care about .
dominic added , ` ` oh , one more thing .
it 's a good thing you did n't answer my phone calls , jeisa , because you gave me time to process what i 'd done .
nicole continued , ` ` the most important thing is that you made it to the hospital . ''
i know you ' ve said that 's a thing of the past .
lil bit her lip with worry before she said , ` ` just one thing .
the important thing is that we keep this to ourselves .
no offense meant regarding the clock thing .
there was only one thing i felt passionate about but it was n't time i admit that just yet .
but before i take you into the beating heart of the action , let 's get one thing out of the way .
the only thing i really cared about , though , was the fact that she was holding out a steaming mug .
` ` the heart of a seventh - grade boy is a fragile thing , '' he said tragically .
` ` yes , i need it for my thing .
` ` there is one thing , '' the doctor began .
you 're not going to fight me on the books and tools thing ? ''
each time he slept with a woman , he wrapped the whole thing up in a pretty illusion for her , a fantasy where it was hard to separate what was actually happening from what was going on in her mind .
the last thing he wanted was to be glued to a tv twenty - four - seven , watching latest developments , or watching the old ones replay on a loop .
pretty much the only important thing is never never never never rat . ''
and from hyde 's classroom , things did seem connected : the trees seemed to clothe the hill , and just as i would never think to notice a particular cotton thread in the magnificently tight orange tank top alaska wore that day , i could n't see the trees for the forest - everything so intricately woven together that it made no sense to think of one tree as independent from that hill .
it 's the one thing buddhists , christians , and muslims are all worried about . ''
i tried to bring up the whole jake thing , but she just shushed me . ''
the colonel seemed resigned to that , but if the investigation had once been his idea , it was now the thing that held me together , and i still hoped for enlightenment .
` ` there 's one more thing we should do , '' the colonel said as we played a video game together with the sound on - just the two of us , like in the first days of the investigation .
next thing you know , your mother will announce her departure for tierra del fuego in the midst of a hurricane . ''
what with one thing and another , lust was the last thing on his mind at the moment , but he was nonetheless glad to be alone with percy , if only for a short time .
and that at the end of it '' -the cloth drew away , and grey blinked- '' the only thing important is that we are still both alive .
the picture reminded him of other things , though - the last time he had seen von namtzen and the bitter smell of the chrysanthemums , the still more bitter smell of percy 's sweat and the night - soil bucket - he turned his head violently , away from everything .
but longstreet did not have the answers to most of them , and the one thing he did know - the name of mr . a - grey could not bring himself to ask .
he did recall one thing , though , and going hastily into the house entered the library and rummaged through the drawer into which he was inclined to decant miscellaneous papers , until he emerged with a smeared and worn - edged broadsheet , the faint smell of coffee still in its creases .
the important thing was that he now had a tool that might be used to open up bernard adams like a keg of salt herring .
he set his hand on the doorknob ; it was white china , painted with roses , and a pang went through him at the cool slick touch of it on his hand , but there was no time now to think of such things .
things had been said at their last meeting that - he choked the memory of it off and picked up his fork , driving it into the pile of hay with some force .
the important thing was to find siverly and bring him back .
the notion of bringing siverly to justice and making him account for what were very serious crimes was one thing .
he sat a few moments , letting his mind relax , and slowly it dawned upon him that the only truly important thing in this imbroglio was william .
the important thing , he reminded himself , was that jamie did n't want him dead - a warming thought - and had stopped quinn from killing him .
abbot michael was talking of neutral things : the weather ( unusually good and a blessing for the lambs ) , the state of the chapel roof ( holes so big it looked as though a pig had walked across the roof , and a full - grown pig , too ) , the day ( so fortunate that it was thursday and not friday , as there would be meat for dinner , and of course jamie would be joining them ; he would enjoy brother bertram 's version of a sauce ; it had no particular name and was of an indistinct color - purple , the abbot would have called it , but it was well known he had no sense of color and had to ask the sacristan which cope to wear in ordinary time , as he could not tell red from green and took it only on faith that there were such colors in the world , but brother daniel - he 'd have met brother daniel , the clerk outside ? -assured him it was so , and surely a man with a face like that would never lie , you had only to look at the size of his nose to know that ) , and other things to which jamie could nod or smile or make a noise .
and the one thing we know of him for sure is that he likes money ; so much the better if he thinks me a rich vulgarian . ''
` ` the other thing , '' fraser went on , as though grey had n't spoken , ` ` was that i couldna tell which direction the sound came from .
` ` not a thing , miss , '' crusoe assured her , and put one large palm over his mouth .
they were headed back to her place for the ` ` and then '' part , after which he 'd get back on top of things , but when they were almost at her address , he decided to check his cell for messages .
did that type of thing matter to him ?
i had n't heard from ben since our encounter in my hotel room and our subsequent texting when i told him that that was a one - time thing .
i was willing to guess he had n't eaten a thing all day .
as i sat on the edge of my bed , my knee bouncing wildly , several things clicked into place at once .
the most important thing is that you 're still here with me . ''
calling on his ability to totally concentrate on one thing at a time , he pushed evie shaw out of his mind and ruthlessly focused on the business at hand .
kindness was the last thing on his mind . ''
he was out on the deck , reading a sheaf of papers that felice had faxed to him ; it was remarkably easy , he 'd found , to keep abreast of things by way of phone , computer and fax .
but evie would be more comfortable in her own home , and that was the most important thing .
the only thing that mattered was that she kept the marina .
given the uncertainties of winning purses on the track and the given of insurance money , if sole pleasure was sterile , the stonichers could conceivably be going for the sure thing and have hired someone to kill him .
that would be the first thing he got straightened out between them when she woke up .
caroline did n't take exception to his curt tone ; he had produced water , and that was the important thing .
` ` ask your one more thing and then let me work in peace , okay ? ''
it suddenly seemed the most important thing in the world to accomplish it as soon as possible .
she wished she 'd taken a closer look , or thought to try again later , but once passion had overcome her the last thing she 'd cared about was getting a look at his bottom .
i think the most important thing is to ensure christiana is legal y we d to me in case a second attempt is successful . ''
christiana heard richard groan , and could have groaned with him , but then he suddenly straightened and said , ` ` certainly , we shal leave first thing in the morning . ''
so the fact that i have purposely brought this girl home unconsumed is a thing of mystery , a miracle on a par with giving birth .
every time i go into the city , i bring back one thing that catches my eye .
when the entire world is built on death and horror , when existence is a constant state of panic , it 's hard to get worked up about any one thing .
if he laughed at her again , she 'd call off the whole thing .
` ` if conte nixes the deal , the whole thing is off . ''
she also knew the way to get it was to play the whole thing off .
we 'll just spice things up a bit . ''
` ` you run the risk of me saying no to the whole thing . ''
oh , and one more thing , julietta .
no maid , though , and i have a feeling women get pissy about that sort of thing , so you 'll need to be neater . ''
she squeezed her eyes shut at the realization the whole thing was turning her on horribly .
` ` oh , yeah , the modeling thing . ''
the thoughts danced in her head but she focused on the one thing she could control .
if you keep the whole thing to yourself , no one ever has to know .
` ` never mind , a girl thing .
` ` remember one thing , michael .
` ` have you even thought this whole thing through ?
we will take care of first thing next week . ''
the next thing she knew , she heard a sharp ` ` thwack ! ''
forcing himself to concentrate on one thing at a time , he eventually headed across the snowy meadow in the same direction he 'd gone the day before when he 'd chased houdini .
so , she skipped the showering part and fast - forwarded to the next thing .
teddy figured it was a good thing she 'd lit candles otherwise the mood might ' ve been totally killed by the practicalities of modern sex .
but the main thing is we make the best of the hand we 're dealt .
another thing to take care of , he thought , starting back toward the office .
before i know it , it 's time for me to go to bed and i start the whole thing over the next day . ''
but i guess it was the furthest thing from his mind .
one thing was for sure , though - she was n't ever going to tell him that she loved him until she was certain he could put catherine behind him .
the important thing is that you try to learn what you need to know .
garrett nodded , listening to his father but still upset about the whole thing .
still , there was one thing he could n't ignore , one thing that nagged at him throughout the afternoon .
still , there was one thing he could n't ignore , one thing that nagged at him throughout the afternoon .
` ` it 's a good thing you went , then . ''
the only thing that mattered was how well we got along . ''
is there any other damned thing you 're worried about ? ''
he would never relax his guard around her again , but jane could only worry about one thing at a time .
the only thing was , how much longer was it going to last ?
` ` the only thing on the agenda tomorrow is me tinkering with the rehearsal dinner and reception seating .
dominic scanned the area , for there was one thing that could n't wait .
` ` you took the most important thing . ''
she knew steve 's invitation had been a spur of the moment thing .
the silky see - through fabric did n't hide a damn thing .
` ` honey , that 's one thing you wo n't find me arguing about . ''
she walked away from him and was already in the living room when she paused to add , ` ` you were right about one thing , though .
` ` do you want to go to the game or would you rather skip the whole thing ? ''
` ` no ... no you need n't worry about that sort of thing .
you , on the other hand , are sure to be coolheaded , mature and reasonable about this sort of thing , and i ' m confident it is n't going to bother you .
that was the important thing as far as carol was concerned .
the last thing steve wanted was his sister to get the wrong impression about this evening with carol , because that 's all there was going to be .
` ` we are n't married -- -not a damn thing has been settled between us , '' he announced , as though this should be shocking news .
` ` another thing ... make an appointment for a physical .
carol 's apparent strength was n't the only thing that troubled steve , but it was one thing he felt they needed to discuss .
i suppose i was pretty obvious about the whole thing when you think about it .
he 's a part of you and that 's the only important thing . ''
` ` the whole thing 's off .
it was such a small thing , and i would have felt like a fool for mentioning it . ''
` ` well , for one thing she 's having a baby . ''
maybe later i can , but for now it is n't the most important thing . ''
he was n't going to argue with her : good grief , he 'd been thinking about the same thing from the moment she 'd walked out in her flannel nightgown , all tousled and sweet this morning .
` ` i ... did n't know men questioned a woman about this sort of thing . ''
` ` let me assure you , you do n't have a thing to worry about . ''
he might as well get this over with first thing and be done with it .
normally royce did n't pay much attention to that sort of thing , but her eyes had garnered his attention from the first moment they 'd met .
one thing for sure , they could n't continue like this much longer .
she opened a letter , and the next thing i knew she was staring out the window , looking real spacey .
catherine 's not the type to let on about that sort of thing . ''
royce was amazed that they could find so much to talk about and not mention the one thing that was on both their minds .
the whole thing has to be handled delicately . ''
royce is a good man , i do n't think you have a thing to worry about . ''
` ` i plied steve with questions , but he seemed rather close - mouthed about the whole thing . ''
` ` i forget about a stupid poker game and - ` ` ` ` perhaps it 's the other thing you 're forgetting that 's troubling you , '' she announced calmly .
` ` the other thing ? ''
that sort of thing seemed important to his wife .
jazmine shrugged as if it was no big thing , but it was and shana felt at a loss .
one thing was certain : this man had her attention .
when she 'd met him , another relationship was the last thing on her mind .
` ` he phoned this afternoon to say his orders , uh , hit the boards and he had to leave first thing in the morning . ''
at least the real thing as near as he could remember it .
and even if she did , she 'd would n't let a little thing like that stop her .
she should be worried about the same thing , but she was n't .
for another thing , if she had a little fun with jack while they were on the island , no one would have to know .
any guy whose hand hovered over paradise while his tongue was deep in bliss could n't let a little thing like hot coals bother him .
` ` you can have the whole thing . ''
matt decided not to go into the bad luck thing .
then again , annabelle would probably nix the whole thing .
she turned water on the whole thing , making a bigger mess , but at least it was all in one spot .
practical as that might have been , she had n't even considered such a thing .
` ` take the coat off so we can see the whole thing .
` ` but he 's getting the whole thing in the cooler .
next thing he knew , old faithful had erupted .
the car could be going around the block looking for a parking space , except for one thing .
harry , on the other hand , was only an accountant with no experience in this kind of thing .
she 'd been so swept up in lust that she had n't taken time to register that sort of thing , so she took the time now .
` ` i probably should go on down to my own place and ... check on things . ''
` ` care to make- '' ` ` no , the other thing .
ally chuckled merrily , hoping to demonstrate that that had been the furthest thing from her mind .
but if i ca n't call her , then i need to drive up to porcupine right away , while she 's still in the mood to let me help her with this photography thing . ''
for one thing , he did want her , and he was having a tough time pretending not to .
he accepted his punishment , knowing this was n't the kind of thing that an influx of money could fix .
but she had to stop quivering or the whole thing would be a blurred disaster .
face it , this is n't your thing .
there 's the possibility that i have no talent for the real thing .
` ` you know , it 's a good thing we 're not taking him with us .
` ` it 's a good thing you did n't hook up with mitch .
i happen to think it 's the most important thing in the world . ''
` ` because i ' m tired of low - budget movies where i carry the whole thing but get no respect for my work . ''
then they become lovers , which complicates the whole thing . ''
except he was remembering the main thing about mice , the thing he did n't like .
he would do well to remember his place in the scheme of things .
garlic was definitely an italian kind of spice , but this thing looked too big to throw in as is .
she was pretty sure he had n't intended it to be a sexual thing , and yet having him move in like that and take the plate out of her hands , thereby relieving her of having to scrub off the last ickiness , was positively gallant .
and there 's another thing we need to discuss . ''
` ` for one thing , she does n't look her age . ''
there was only one thing on his mind .
the favor had been more than returned , though , because she had a much better idea of how to tackle the nerd role , and then there was the whole sexual compatibility thing combined with a possible happily - ever - after thing .
` ` i was so afraid you 'd laugh at the whole thing .
but there was another thing he needed to find out .
it was n't the sort of thing you could broach in casual conversation .
trust me , looks are n't a big thing with me .
the briefs were the only thing standing between her and an excellent view .
` ` it could have been a short - term thing . ''
for one thing , she was n't wearing anything under this shirt of charlie 's , and bending down to pick up beads would have interesting consequences .
then he had to stop by the power plant and tidy things up in preparation , for leaving for a couple of days .
` ` for one thing , '' charlie said , ` ` these two women will be in proximity to each other .
but anyway , that 's not the important thing .
the important thing is what she said about her sister during the pie and coffee part .
i think she 'd love to see that whole thing go in the crapper if you want my opinion . ''
` ` the appointments are the first thing i wanted to talk to you about .
we 'll tackle this first thing in the morning . ''
even when dante had made a mess of the whole thing , gillian had n't minded at all .
and the other thing , the concept she did n't want to examine too closely , was the possibility that she would n't ride off into the south american sunset , after all .
` ` and you 're going to let a little thing like this come between us ? ''
` ` excuse me , but that 's a rather big thing . ''
next thing you know she 'd be offering you shaving tips . ''
she might want to minimize the importance of that last thing , but he did n't , not for a minute .
she 'll think he 's off making movies in europe and that he 's upset with her over some petty thing .
one thing was certain - after a few rounds with gloria , william would n't be sending people valentines with fluffy kittens on the front .
` ` it 's a good thing you taught third grade and not high school science , '' chester said .
` ` oh , and another thing .
` ` i ' m glad about one thing , '' amanda said .
she hoped that sex was the only thing on his mind .
fried the whole thing , instead , which did n't work out all that well . ''
he looked anxious to be done with the whole thing .
she sighed and closed her eyes and just before she drifted off , she had the thought that this whole consummation thing was n't so bad after all .
king alexander ii could focus on other matters , but for one thing .
one very big thing .
` ` are you suggesting he would lie to you and that you should leave your duties to question me on such a thing ? ''
perhaps she could play dumb about the entire thing .
it was a tiny sliver of land , a mere fingerling of their holding , and it was no big thing to keep to the south and away from the feud .
it was brief - it had to be lest he allow things to go too far this very moment - but it was no less sweet .
graeme knew that if the slightest thing went wrong , his clan would swarm in like avenging angels and the entire valley would drip with blood .
' t is not a big thing they ask , '' bowen said in a low voice .
he 'd been a guy and the last thing on his mind had been stopping to put on a condom .
my need to protect nan had fucked up the only thing important to me .
` ` one more thing , '' i said before standing up .
lexi was about to give up the whole thing when mia came up beside her .
and one more thing : mia and her brother are n't like you .
a kiss at the dance was one thing , almost understandable even , ordinary .
jude stood there a minute longer , trying to figure out how to best bring up the other thing on her mind .
and i know you 're young , but that do n't mean a thing .
there were only three apartment complexes , and one thing was sure : she could n't afford to live in any of them .
if i had stayed sober- '' ` ` do n't , zach , i- '' ` ` you ca n't run this thing , mom .
but as she watched him , she suddenly knew that keeping her distance was the furthest thing from her mind .
but suddenly , the jeep started to skid as we rounded a sharp curve , and the next thing i knew , we were off the road and tumbling down the mountain .
he was n't stupid enough to embrace that , but it was nice , just for a while , to get a sense that the only thing that mattered was right here and right now .
hell , the whole thing disturbed him .
as if it was the easiest thing in the world .
it wo n't change a damn thing , though .
and just like that , justin 's scowling and dark mood of the past twelve hours became a thing of the past , and he began to chuckle even as he moved forwards to pull back a chair for her .
after being cheated on by her high school sweetheart , the man she thought she 'd be spending the rest of her life with , men were now only good for one thing and that one thing was something she wanted to avoid in the work place .
most of the women he 'd dated were born to a certain class and had only one thing on their mind , marriage .
` ` of course , do n't worry about a thing gray ; we will get you both everything you will need .
she walked into the kitchen and headed straight for the one thing that always settled her nerves .
resilient lydia , the one who had been raised by sandy and pete , knew that this would be a success - but if it failed , she would just pick herself up , dust herself off , and move on to the next thing .
he thought it would , but instead he found that jeremy had decided to pick up the pace , the topic of conversation too salacious to let a little thing like oxygen deprivation stop him .
and it was all being covered by bournham industries , so she could just settle in and relax , not worry about owning things , managing things , but instead worry about herself settling in to a new country , a new job , new responsibilities .
he was so close to walking away from every single thing that he had thought was important over the past ten years , and it felt fabulous .
a thing like this needed to be thought out .
not a goddamn thing except to throw chuck in jail to sleep off his drunk , and wait for the next domestic disturbance call on old mill road .
there was only one thing that might make a difference .
why was it that in the months they 'd been apart , he had never considered such a thing ?
that wo n't solve a bloody thing .
now do n't you worry about a thing . ''
` ` why ca n't we just let the whole thing drop ?
marriage was the farthest thing from her mind at the moment .
the whole thing was as much a mystery to me as it was to her . ''
` ` we 're handling that from our end , so do n't you worry about a thing .
the last thing he wanted was for valerie 's father to know how attracted he was to her , although he suspected david already knew .
one thing was certain ; he intended to steer clear of valerie bloomfield , regardless of how hard that was .
valerie did n't put much stock in this near - death experience of her father 's , but he believed it and that was the important thing .
` ` but he claims to know who we 're going to marry , '' norah said , grinning sheepishly , as though she found the whole thing amusing .
` ` that , too , '' she pleaded , ` ` but i ' m particularly concerned about this marriage thing . ''
` ` i tell you , stephanie , you 're as stubborn as your mother when it comes to this sort of thing .
` ` it 's a good thing he did n't say that around me . ''
perhaps she should ' ve dropped the whole thing , and let this misunderstanding sort itself out .
then some small thing would fracture the moment - now , it was a shout from the fire as people began to clap and sing - and the world of their own time vanished in an instant .
but '' -he leaned forward , setting down the jar , then put his hands on his knees and looked at me- '' i ken the one thing beyond doubt .
now that we 'd taken care of the most important thing , he 'd want to know how the ridge had fared in his absence .
he 'd never thought of such a thing , and could n't think now .
not that he would think of such a thing , the little french layabout .
however did ye come to think of such a thing ? ''
for the one thing , the lands in question lay far , far inside the treaty line .
that word , ` ` body , '' seemed to bring the whole thing into a new and nasty focus .
certainly , she had n't consciously thought of such a thing , yet now that he 'd stated his intentions - and he had , she thought ; he was n't asking her permission - she was n't at all surprised .
he say come fetch him quick , she want him - otherwise , i tell miz cameron she hai n't to worry none , he take care every single thing . ''
the biggest thing , though , is we met another - well , i 'll tell you about that later ; it 's complicated .
and i do n't think it 's a good idea to talk about things like that , in a wood at night , a million miles away from civilization .
the need of her was a physical thing , like the thirst of a sailor becalmed for weeks on the sea .
i ' ve thought of the one more thing . ''
do you ask us to put aside such a thing ? ''
if i had had a proper operating suite , the blood transfusions , the calibrated and carefully administered anesthesia , the oxygen mask , the swift , trained nurses ... no surgery on the heart is a minor thing , and surgery on an infant is always a great risk - but i could have done it .
one thing , though - are your parents here , in wilmington ? ''
he could n't believe that he was discussing such a thing in terms of love .
` ` and there 's one other thing , '' she said , sober and slightly sad .
` ` do n't want to forget the damn thing in the morning . ''
the important thing , as he pointed out , was to become acquainted with his highness , in order to keep an eye on his plans as any developed .
the only thing that could be said for certain was that he had entered into a dangerous partnership with charles stuart , and that was concern enough for the present .
the important thing is you .
but i could worry effectively about only one thing at a time , and visions of fergus being captured and hanged for his activities receded before the vision jamie 's final words to randall had evoked .
jamie would n't be facing randall immediately ; that was the important thing .
i would help him to kill randall , and feel only joy in the doing of it , except for the one thing .
the only thing that concerns me now is this investment charles stuart 's made with the comte st .
` ` i didna give ye randall 's life as an exchange for my own - it wouldna be a fair trade , for one thing .
for one thing , i thought that you would suffer , if i did kill the filthy scut .
` ` it is a small thing , '' charles flipped a lordly hand , disdaining the investment of every cent he had been able to borrow .
` ` well , i ' m really not given to that sort of thing myself , '' i assured him .
he sat as still as is possible for an almost four - year - old boy - which is not very still , all things considered - and let me remove the bulk of the grass from his shirt .
that hair , for the one thing ... '' he gestured vaguely toward jamie 's hair , glinting auburn and amber , roan and cinnabar , a thick , wavy mass with a thousand colors of red and gold .
no person of sense or breeding could take such a thing seriously , '' he assured me , ` ` but no doubt his highness thinks it best to be safe .
` ` you came , and you ' ve seen him , that 's the important thing . ''
there was one thing more to be done before i slept .
no , i did n't think it a small thing at all .
what with one thing and another , i was rather preoccupied , though , and it was only during a temporary lull in the activities that i became aware of an uneasy sensation , as though i was being watched .
he could hear a clatter from the dining hall as he passed , and he smelled boiled ham and baked beans , but supper was the farthest thing from his mind .
and so his lordship said as how he would fetch his papa 's pistol from the saddlebag and deal with the thing at once .
the only important thing was that she was not me .
her scent brought her vividly to life , a faint smell of musk and green things , and he dropped the garment , shaken .
if he got her on some army whore , or some slut of a maidservant when he was in england - that 's one thing .
for the moment , there was the one thing to be dealt with .
but there was one other thing , '' i said .
they could talk calmly , without fear of interruption , walk in the wood , get things settled between them .
` ` one thing , '' he said , in awful tones .
things seem to take root here . ''
she must have done , because next thing i knew , he 'd grabbed a handful of my hair , pulled my head back , and set his knife against my throat . ''
seemed the best place for him , all things considered . ''
but things moved so rapidly around this place that i had hardly had a moment to myself when i was n't asleep .
and the next thing i remember is waking in france , in the abbey of sainte anne de beaupre , with my head throbbing like a drum and someone i could n't see giving me something cool to drink . ''
you should ha ' rubbed my face between your legs first thing .
i was sixteen , for one thing , and a man grown ... i thought .
` ` whatever you might call it , '' i said evenly , ` ` it 's a good thing you did n't try it , or you 'd now be missing a few valued bits of your anatomy . ''
` ` there 's just one more thing , master , '' i said , still polite .
` ` all i mean ... '' it occurred to me that frank had handled this kind of thing much more gracefully than i was managing to do , and yet i had been angry then too .
my surprise must have shown plainly , for he said irritably , ` ` if ye must call me names , that 's one thing .
` ` for one thing , we ' ve been married less than a month , '' he observed .
but if nutrition was well served by an outdoor life , appearance was another thing , and i took hasty stock of our looks as the gentleman on horseback hesitated , frowning , then changed direction and trotted slowly toward us to investigate .
` ` well , it 's no usually the first thing in my mind when i take ye to bed , sassenach .
there 's the one other thing i meant to speak wi ' you about , though .
i asked , in a low voice , shy about suggesting such a thing to an experienced midwife .
` ` weel , he 's alive still , and that 's the most important thing .
blood 's not my main thing , either , aye ? ''
` ` oh , not a thing , '' he said , taking his hand away .
that a young woman newly we d should be thinking of such a thing ? ''
it seems to me that a young woman well - suited with her man wouldna be thinking first thing how not to bear his child .
` ` i wonder why keziah did n't bring away his breeches , '' i said , touching on one thing that had been puzzling me .
i agreed wholeheartedly with that notion , but there was one thing more to be considered .
how could a woman think of such a thing , with a living child in her arms , less than a day out of the womb ?
` ` do n't tell me ye werena wondering the same thing . ''
it smelled of fresh straw and grain , of brick and wood , but there was a faint scent as well of more elemental things - manure and blood and milk ; the basic elements of motherhood .
the important thing is to speak wi ' betty , once she 's in a condition to make sense .
to make them fight is another thing . ''
that 's one thing off my mind - and a good thing ; there 's enough to worry about without that . ''
she might mean only that they had moved to some new place , but ... there were baby 's things in her wash ; her son was with her here .
for some people , one thing does matter a great deal , though .
though i did hear as how it was a near thing . ''
or ... well , it is , then , but that 's no the main thing . ''
they were all wanted by the government , for blowing things up or threatening to or something , i forget - and they were arrested , but then they got out on bail , and the next thing you know , they 'd all disappeared . ''
we have water , and that 's the most important thing .
` ` any little thing .
she had some sympathy with the control thing ; after all , she was a bit fanatic on the subject herself .
for one thing , fishing had never been her forte , and matt had been furious when she 'd nearly lost his favorite rod and pole .
her feet dangled several inches off the ground , but by this point chrissie was n't about to let a little thing like suspended animation distract her .
hannah 's smile faded slightly and her green eyes glowed , and jack made himself a solemn vow : things were back on track , he had no idea how or why , but he was n't screwing up again .
the guy dove into the family thing from the high platform .
she might be the boss , but she was still an innocent woman who should n't be dealing with some of the things she 'd resigned herself to managing as the owner of the place .
` ` fine , but let me give you one thing to mull over while i ' m leaving you alone , '' garrett said and caught her roughly to him , kissing her like he 'd never have the opportunity to do it again .
his need to get her away from that depressing hotel with its peeling paint and cracked cement steps had been a visceral thing not to be explained .
` ` that 's a nice thing to do for your hands , but i 'll bet you stick around and keep an eye on things . ''
` ` common sense takes care of most things with horses , especially if they 're raised right , like rocket fuel was .
it 's such a small thing , but i ' ve been worried about it since we made the plan on saturday . ''
one thing was for sure - they would n't talk about it over lunch .
i would address the jealousy thing when i had a response that sounded believable .
once john hears what you can do , neutralizing you will be the last thing on his mind .
while her mother rambled on about one thing or the other , lyssa rushed her out the kitchen door and into her roadster .
as awareness took over , that was first thing that registered in aidan 's mind .
the only thing that concerned him was the nightmares , and killing every single one of them .
cara was the last thing he needed on his mind right now .
out on the floor the only thing we focus on is the improvement of ourselves .
she had no idea why , because staying away from him would probably be the best thing in the long run , but the idea of breaking things off like that was n't appealing .
at that distance they probably would n't be able to see exactly what they 'd be doing ... but all bets were off when it came to that sort of thing .
other than the forehead thing though , i would n't mind looking like my mother at her age .
it was a little far fetched , '' he continued to go on and on about how fast he could climb that tree and his obvious prowess where it was concerned but my mind was on other things .
that was the first thing on my agenda .
` ` it 's a good thing she was n't his date , nigh .
my mom 's here , i do n't need both of you whining over every little thing . ''
i tried not to concentrate on any one thing ; i wanted to leave my mind open to any clues that i might have overlooked before .
i decided to take my suitcase upstairs to organize my things as best i could , hanging my clothes in jared 's closet and finding a place for my shampoo and toothbrush .
` ` you do n't have a single thing to worry about .
i sighed again , knowing nothing would make me happier than to cal jared and give him the green light to move my things .
` ` one more thing ... , '' grant said .
once the sleepless nights began , the wedding was the farthest thing from his mind .
` ` that leaves one thing , '' jared said .
babies ... kids ... real y are n't my thing . ''
` ` first thing 's first . ''
all things considered , i was glad it was on my own turf .
i drank the pb and fruit smoothie - which was actual y quite tasty - and gathered my things for class .
it was my father 's last secret , the last thing jared had tried to keep from hurting me .
` ` it 's a good thing i was quitting to go back to school , anyway , '' ryan said , fol owing claire .
` ` this being so in tune with you and bean that i ' m missing important things like a bomb on your car is also a negative . ''
claire continued , ` ` the baby she is carrying is the most important thing .
` ` one more thing ... . '' ` ` oh , you 're ready , are you ? ''
the last thing i want is to make them feel let down , to treat this as the tragedy that they seem to be taking it as .
` ` the last thing i want is to aggravate the situation , or it 'll only cost remington more . ''
the only thing on my mind tonight is the blue - eyed devil who put his lips on mine .
instead , he bends his dark head to whisper against my temple , and the only thing of his body touching mine is his breath , bathing my skin with heat as his gruff voice rumbles in my ear , ` ` sit tight .
i want to touch him , especially after everything pete told me , so i drop the elastic band at my feet , for now the last thing i want is anything between him and me .
one thing was for sure though ; she 'd never allow herself to fall in love again .
i should very much like to see the real thing . '
' one more thing ... what can you tell me about my brother 's marriage ? '
besides , it was never my place to enquire about such things . '
' the important thing now is to let the family know i ' m alive and to expose the fraudulent claim to the title . '
but she did know one thing , he needed nourishment , he was stubborn , and she was here .
her life was a small thing compared to their far greater goal , and the lives of so many others .
` ` that is yet another thing we can discuss when we 're all united , '' xavier said .
` ` i would n't change a thing , '' she admitted .
she 'd been a startled little thing , huddled in the corner , watching him with wide eyes .
` ` and there 's one other thing ... '' the doctor swallowed and met his eyes .
cole wondered if she 'd be game for continuing things back at her place .
the thought made him both deliriously happy and nervous since the last thing he wanted to do was hurt savannah .
things had been a little awkward for them both at the first work function savannah attended , but now their relationship was n't really much of a thing anymore .
she was already in his debt ; one more thing would n't matter .
the next thing i know , she 's standing at the altar with this non - italian and six months later the priest was baptizing you . ''
that subject was the last thing carol wanted to think about , especially when the man she wanted to be making love with was the one who had so recently left her kitchen .
` ` yes , but i think we should forget the whole thing .
` ` the only thing my eyes are interested in is some of that garlic bread paula 's making , '' carol said , hoping to divert her mother 's attention from the subject of alex .
but one casual mention to alex , and next thing she knew , there was freshly tilled earth waiting for basil and italian parsley where before there 'd been lawn .
to be honest , alex wondered the same thing himself .
he should n't be able to manhandle her like she was some sprightly little thing .
there 's so much i ' m trying to forget , and this is just one more thing . ''
she has a few things at my place back in detroit , but that 's easy enough to take care of .
it 's not gender role thing , or a leave it to beaver thing .
` ` would i joke about such a thing ? ''
you can come with me to the office and we can do that first thing . ''
was probably the only thing we ever argued about .
and you ... what are you going to do about the next thing in front of you ?
` ` it 's a good thing you do n't have a cat . ''
i 'll do that first thing .
one thing is sure , you can certainly argue a point . ''
he shrugged as if bringing rover back to her was just a little thing .
` ` hey , sure thing .
college work was probably draining , but he could n't imagine that was the only thing that had her drawn so tightly .
one thing was for certain : he was stuck .
but he knew one thing for damn frigging sure .
a shame that it was really the only thing that mattered to her family , but that 's the way it was .
but if one more thing goes foul in this wedding , i ' m going to shoot first and pull my freaking hair out by the roots later .
it was the only thing keeping her from climbing him right here .
her stomach felt jittery as she watched him , finding pleasure in even the most mundane things like his lips closing around his fork and the way he held his coffee mug .
this does n't have one damn thing to do with you . ''
she was so ready to walk down the aisle and get the whole thing over with .
` ` just one thing , though ... '' ` ` yeah ? ''
a nice young lady like yourself , asking such a thing .
well , one thing was for damn sure .
it is so not my thing .
any little thing could set him off again .
she wanted to ask how things were going with his brother , but that would probably be the last thing he wanted to talk about .
she wanted to ask how things were going with his brother , but that would probably be the last thing he wanted to talk about .
she just needed to keep him at the front of her mind and look at this wedding not as the culmination of a lifetime of girlish fantasies , but as a silly little thing she needed to get through to have everything she 'd always wanted .
she wondered what he would think if he knew the main thing that had been running through her mind while she faced him was that she wanted to maul him where he stood .
` ` first thing , '' she said , drawing back from the comfort of his embrace and missing it immediately .
` ` is it not what you want , though , or is it yet another thing you 're letting your family dictate for you , candace ?
for one thing , if she went home with him , saw the beautiful house she 'd lived in , slipped back into the life that had been snatched away from her ... she might be a goner .
having a real tree was such a trivial thing to be concerned about when there was so much else going on in her life , but she did n't want him to know what a sap she really was about this .
first thing tomorrow she would look for a pawnbroker .
was their fragile togetherness now a thing of the past ?
she just hoped that tonight 's gathering for the family dinner and to put up the christmas tree was n't going to spoil things .
things had gotten difficult for jace when his parents had been killed in a car accident and he 'd had to assume responsibility for a much younger sister , but gabe and ash had banded around him , offering their support , and they had n't left him to make it on his own .
he seemed so on edge , and the last thing she wanted was to start things by pissing him off .
` ` maybe she 's into that sort of thing . ''
but the heart did n't always listen , and this was one thing she might not have any control over whatsoever .
the whole thing made her uncomfortable .
next thing i know , the two of you are glued together on the dance floor and your hand 's on her ass , not to mention a few other places . ''
the very last thing he wanted was to discuss lisa , or the betrayal he 'd felt over the way they 'd split up .
he wanted her next to him , but it was clear she had one more thing she wanted to get off her chest .
but he did n't want to f**k things up with jace and ash either .
the very last thing he wanted was to discuss lisa , but he also knew his friends were going to be curious .
` ` the only thing i regret is that i wasted my time with the both of you . ''
` ` i want us to spend the weekend together not worrying about a damn thing other than what pleases us .
the very last thing he wanted was to frighten her or to make her walk away .
no , the biggest thing would n't be readjusting to her old routine .
the last thing she wanted was to worry him - and he was worried .
or maybe she 'd forget the whole thing .
next thing you know , your utility bill will be through the roof . ''
he nodded imperceptibly , but she knew he was wondering the same thing as she : was sills going to take them to the vault and shoot them ?
her one and only sexual relationship , back at her small , strict college , had been more of a back seat groping kind of thing .
also , every little thing in his personal life certainly drew attention from the press .
for one thing , ursula was taking the gage stevens matter very seriously - so seriously , that she was asking kate to drop every other project and focus on getting ready for the tour commencing in a week 's time .
kate is the most important thing in the world to me .
one more thing , if you do n't stop calling me , hayes , i may have to do some head hunting .
now what was the other thing you wanted to discuss ? ''
is it too much of a woman thing for you ? ''
that left one thing still up in the air - whether she should try the spell or not .
' t is not a shameful thing , christina .
determined not to dwell on things beyond his control , he turned his attention to the one thing he could .
determined not to dwell on things beyond his control , he turned his attention to the one thing he could .
the last thing he wanted was to be in constant conflict with his brother .
the last thing they needed was for her to call in a bunch of human police to muck things up .
the only thing that seemed to hold any importance at all was whether or not she could get him to come just a little closer .
the last thing he wanted was for her to hurt herself doing something stupid .
no big thing , right ?
she pressed a dripping hand against his lower back - the closest thing to her - and drake pulled in a deep breath .
when the only thing keeping them in contact was the tip of his finger on the back of her hand , he pulled in a deep breath and jerked it away .
it did n't even matter that she was a tiny thing he could break with a careless sweep of his hand .
it was one thing to know monsters were real - she 'd gotten used to that notion years ago - but magic ?
his praise made her smile , and she decided she could really get into this whole magical - combat thing .
instead , he 'd talked about small things , like how he 'd found this place so far off the beaten path one night when his car had broken down , and how he and his buddies had a contest to find the best places to eat across the country .
she had n't expected to be talking to drake , nor would she have thought that her safety would be the first thing on his mind .
` ` it was some kind of porcupine thing .
she felt his muscles bunch and harden around her body , and the next thing she knew , she was beneath him , staring up at his full , tempting mouth .
this was the one thing she wanted more than anything else .
but it was a close thing .
the only thing that mattered was the fact that another man was touching her .
and there were other , more important barricades he had to put in place now that she was inside his mind - things he did n't want her to know .
all of that she could have brushed off as her nerves - her worry for logan - but there was one thing she could n't ignore .
` ` i ... '' he could n't think of a single excuse for why he 'd forgotten such an obvious thing .
all she had to do was one little thing : create families .
whatever it was , she was certain it would be one more thing getting in the way of her finding a real life for herself .
jackie tried to relax and regain some of the strength she 'd used , but her mind kept wandering back to the one thing she did n't want to think about .
by the time he pulled up into the driveway of the gerai house , all he could think about was getting this chore done and finding a nice , quiet place to sit her down and work through some things .
he followed her into the living room , and the next thing she knew , she felt his presence brush her mind , sending her into sleep .
the only thing the synestryn cared about was food , vessels for their progeny , and access to the gate .
the last thing he wanted was for ronan to lose his battle with the demon and go crazy .
the only thing that mattered was getting into the cave .
it was just a little thing , but suddenly he knew that he could handle jessie .
the only thing that mattered was protecting webb .
one thing was for certain though : he 'd still been angry .
anyone who saw her would know that something had happened , and she did n't want to rehash the whole thing and listen to the recriminations .
it also cut down on her chances of getting caught , which was the most important thing ; that , and getting money .
but sleep was one thing ; the sleepwalking was something else entirely and disturbed her on a much deeper level .
do you even understand what could happen to her if the slightest thing goes wrong ?
yeah , cole knew he was being a total wuss about the whole thing .
the very first thing she needed was to go back to denver and take care of a few things there and then take the time to heal .
he could always call sam back and cancel the whole thing .
the whole thing was beyond p.j .
he was looking at her like he wanted to nail her to the nearest wall , but he sounded like that was the last thing he was interested in .
she had grown up since he 'd let her walk away , while he was the same guy he 'd been before - rough around the edges and unable to say how he really felt about the most important thing in his world .
` ` the only thing you need to be concerned with is following my directions . ''
things stacked up for you two like a chain of dominoes : the prominence of the sandoval trial warranted sog deputies and brian was in the right place at the right time .
she 'd been the most important thing in his life since her family drove into town when she was sixteen .
we apparently ca n't be trusted to keep the whole thing quiet .
you do n't do that kind of thing , '' i told him .
` ` what about the other thing we talked about ? ''
` ` i think there 's one other thing we should consider .
it seemed the most important thing in the world .
` ` and you think i should be talking about such things here in this very public place . ''
` ` thornton and i have been talking about the situation , dr . whitney , and he 'd like to see you first thing in his office . ''
` ` i completely forgot about the entire thing , phillip . ''
` ` is this some kind of women 's lib thing ? ''
things just fell into place . ''
one thing that it mysteriously does n't address is why people become shadowhunters .
only one thing is certain : even if he 's an adorable jewish vampire , the best friend never gets the girl .
think about it : sex in itself is a complicated thing in our culture ( and in most ) , twisted through with guilt and consequences as well as ideals and passion .
i was one more thing for him to stress over .
mrs . kerrington is n't very happy with woods about the whole thing .
` ` there is one thing i want to do first , '' i told him .
so i dropped the marriage thing .
the very last thing he cared about was whether he 'd cracked a rib .
the adonis before me asks , as if the only thing he intends on quenching is my thirst .
` ` when school opens up again , we 'll get this whole stupid thing straightened out . ''
` ` in fact , do n't worry about a thing . ''
you do n't worry about a thing . ''
the last thing i want is to freak kenny out and send her running for vaginal cover , opting for less amply gifted men to contend with like cal and his nonexistent member .
that run - in with his ex is the last thing i want to talk about .
now it made low one less thing i had to worry about .
` ` not about the marriage thing .
` ` i ' m guessing we need to talk about the same thing , '' he said .
was this a pregnancy thing ?
she felt so strongly about these strange old documents that it was difficult to put it into words , and so she had been rather casual about the whole thing , as if it was n't even particularly interesting .
they had all been fixated on time , but was it in a metaphorical sense , or a conceptual thing ?
for one thing , she had no routine life , and without a routine there could n't be anythingunroutine .
first thing , you let me out a block away and i 'll check it out .
and over so trivial a thing .
` ` the main thing is the party , right ? ''
` ` for one thing , i need to count the condoms stashed in my bedside - table drawer . ''
he would have thought she was totally cool and in command of herself except for one thing .
it was more a mental thing .
that , too , seemed like a sexual thing .
she 'd handle one thing at a time , she decided .
one thing was certain : he was going to make her sweat it out before he stepped in .
the next thing she heard was footsteps .
one thing was certain : he had to leave mexico for a while .
one thing was certain - he could n't marry her .
thinking back , she supposed she could have been nicer about the whole thing .
common courtesy , it sometimes seemed to travis , was going the way of the dinosaurs , and the last thing he wanted was for gabby to feel any reason to avoid him .
and now that she considered it , she realized that it had n't been the only thing he 'd been sneaky about .
` ` the most important thing is to keep you safe , so just keep your hands steady like a statue , okay ? ''
lord knows he 'd been oiling that wheel ever since they 'd met , but as he mowed , he found himself wishing that he 'd been a bit more subtle about the whole thing .
one thing was certain : he should have been a better husband .
travis reached for the flowers again , trying to keep his thoughts at bay , knowing there were some things he could n't talk about .
he had to go , but there was one more thing he had to do .
do n't feel guilty about a single thing .
yes , the date had gone well , but there was one thing .
for one thing , after the first couple of shots , when things were just beginning to get interesting , a few of his friends had shown up and one of them had informed her that cobra was n't the guy 's real name , just the one he used with friends .
the whole thing made her practically sick to her stomach , especially with julie 's oh - so - nonchalant attitude about the whole thing .
for those who visited tizzy 's regularly , none of those things were important , and there were half a dozen people who practically lived in the place .
he was studying his fingernails , as if the whole thing were no big deal .
` ` listen , one more thing about the other night , '' richard added .
it was possible that the whole thing might end up a fiasco , complete with jabbing elbows and bumping heads and disappointment in the end .
sex was n't the most important thing in a relationship , but it sure was n't number three or four , either .
the whole thing had worked out just the way richard wanted .
the most important thing is to find out if they ' ve seen him today .
the only thing they had to go on were the photographs from the briefcase , and she still could n't figure out why she was so transfixed by them .
busy place made much busier by the impending invasion , and things were chaotic from the start .
and the kid did real well with the cleaning , like he always did , so for clayton the whole thing was over and done with .
he thought he 'd handled the whole thing pretty well , right up until the end , when he 'd seen the guy with the dog sitting on the porch like he owned the place .
it was one thing to have made a mistake by marrying him , it was another thing to have that mistake endlessly compounded for the rest of her life .
and the last thing she wanted was for ben to have to spend more time with keith .
a military thing - or , more accurately , a combat thing , something he 'd learned out of necessity .
it was obvious that ben considered the whole thing a game .
i explained that ben meant a lot to me and that being his father was the most important thing in my life .
it was essential that he keep the whole thing far from nana 's prying eyes , which meant staying away from here .
and that leaves me with the belief that miracles , no matter how inexplicable or unbelievable , are real and can occur without regard to the natural order of things .
passion would fade in time and things like companionship and compatibility would take its place .
we 'll need more for the report , but getting started with the search is the most important thing right now . ''
` ` well , that 's where we found the blanket , for one thing , and if he kept heading that way , the wind would be at his back .
then , of course , there was the whole man thing .
as he did so , he leaned into judy almost flirtatiously and laughed as if he thought the whole thing were funny .
taylor seemed to find the whole thing extremely humorous and did n't bother trying to hide it .
one thing i ' ve learned is that when things go wrong , they go wrong in a hurry . ''
we spoke about school and how chilly it was , and i noted that it was a good thing we both brought jackets .
` ` well , there is one thing ... '' ` ` yes ? ''
` ` feeding it is one thing .
` ` well , for one thing , it 's dark inside .
until she asked me to plow the whole thing under . ''
simple things - i might imagine a smudge of dirt on your cheek as you work in the garden , or how you look as you lean against the counter , running a hand through your hair while you visit on the phone .
then , frowning , i added , ` ` there 's just one thing , though . ''
the next thing i remember is the sound of my mother screaming .
` ` you know , the tongue thing ? ''
the next thing he knew , he heard a squishing noise coming from his shoe .
by that point , running was the most important thing in my life , and the idea of not running was counter to everything i believed in .
that does n't sound like your kind of thing . ''
and , she admitted , she 'd been the one who escalated the whole thing .
he looked my way , and the next thing i knew i was following him up to the city .
he took another gulp of his coffee , trying to stall until he figured things out .
add the fact that she was most comfortable when she wore jeans and had no intention of showing any cl**vage , and the whole thing became so confusing that she 'd finally just thrown in the towel .
it was n't the sort of thing she could bring up while they were dancing at the shriners ' benefit ball , was it ?
i suppose other parents might have taken me to a therapist , but doris ... well , she just woke me up late one night and told me to get dressed and put on a warm jacket , and the next thing i knew she 'd brought me here .
the regular jeremy would have forgotten all about it already , shrugging the whole thing off as inconsequential .
` ` so , anyway , a little while later , i go out to my car , and the next thing i know this guy is tapping on my window with his flashlight and asking me to step out of the car .
` ` i take it you think she 's right about dropping this whole thing . ''
buy me lunch , and not only will i drop the whole thing , but i 'll tell you how the filming came out last night , too . ''
for one thing , she needed a bit more time alone so she could sort things out .
for one thing , she needed a bit more time alone so she could sort things out .
he rose before six , finished packing his things , and loaded them in his car .
for one thing , they 'd probably never find it , and then they 'd have to swim all the way back to shore , something that was n't recommended when one had been drinking , as they obviously had been .
and we do n't thrust ourselves into arctic waters first thing in the morning . ''
tim , meanwhile , was way too chipper about the whole thing .
` ` maybe that 's the only thing you 'll ever talk about with your father .
i wondered about that - and a hundred other things - as i rose from the table and brought my plate to the sink .
the next thing he knew , josh and kristen were peering over his shoulder .
he 'd been slapping and kicking her because there were foodstains in the refrigerator and he wondered now why he 'd become so angry about such a little thing .
i cuffed him and started bringing him downthe stairs ; the next thing i know , she went after him . ''
one other thing also concerned me .
since this fantasy would have taken place after we 'd slept together , there was a strong possibility that he would have later helped me take off that blindfold -- among other things .
she jerked it out and handed it to him like it had been the simplest thing in the world .
` ` the rumor is that there 's some other big thing being debated in the council right now , something that takes priority . ''
` ` the only thing that 's not clear is whether it 's a girl or a boy . ''
and you were right -- right about the gambling thing .
it was the first thing that had brought the old fire back to his eyes , the only thing he seemed truly interested in -- well , aside from pledging lifelong devotion to lissa and telling me to stay out of his life .
one thing was certain , he seemed to have no use for women .
one thing that did catch his attention , though , was the reddish marks his beard had caused on the tender skin of her face .
the only important thing was finn , the man she loved .
the whole thing was a waste .
come for me , sweet thing .
perhaps make it a long - term thing ... '' yes ... oh lord , yes .
sarah had left to go over things with rose , so it was just me and jess with dad .
i latched onto the thing i thought most important .
one thing was sure , he had given me a good work out .
the one thing i cared about , no one could fix .
` ` the only thing important right now is what i plan on doing to you tonight . ''
` ` one personal thing . ''
one personal thing .
it was the sort of thing she did n't want to know .
the only thing that matters is how much i love you . ''
and she 'd thought things were going so well with ruby ... ` ` would you like some coffee ? ''
maybe they would have talked about ridiculous , girly things like wedding rings and bridesmaids and flower arrangements .
this was the one subject they 'd steered clear of , the thing dean had never been able to ask and eric had been too cautious to mention .
i know this is not at all the sort of thing i ought to discuss with you .
for now the most important thing was to make it to brighton .
i dare say , it wo n't be the only thing we shall be discussing , she thought , but she merely nodded in approval as she closed the door behind her .
one thing was for sure , he thoroughly disliked the idea of alexandra using her feminine wiles on anyone other than him .
` ` may i ask why such a thing might interest you , madame ?
we ought not discuss this sort of thing when you are present . ''
with a helpless look of desperation at michael , alexandra found herself hauled away by his mother to discuss the very last thing she wished to talk about at that very moment - her wedding dress , the cake , the invitations , the guest list , and just about a thousand other things that seemed to play a vital role in a society wedding .
with a helpless look of desperation at michael , alexandra found herself hauled away by his mother to discuss the very last thing she wished to talk about at that very moment - her wedding dress , the cake , the invitations , the guest list , and just about a thousand other things that seemed to play a vital role in a society wedding .
` ` i assure you that i am not , '' mr . browne told her in a tone that conveyed just how offended he was by her suggestion that he might actually consider joking about such a thing .
one thing was now quite clear in his mind , however : he would marry her .
one thing was for certain : she wanted to run from the room as fast as her feet could carry her and never , ever look back .
one thing was for certain : he would n't get anywhere by threatening her freedom .
and the last thing she wanted , the thing that just about horrified her the most , was the prospect of him finding out , because once he did , there 'd be no stopping him ; of that she was quite certain .
the last thing he wanted was for her to feel uncomfortable .
indeed , i intended to have the whole thing annulled on the basis of ... '' she shook her head , abandoning all hope of a decent explanation , for there was none - none that she was prepared to give anyway .
` ` i can not believe that you would address such a thing over a cup of tea and with guests present no less .
as the music slowed and they glided to a stop , he held on to her with possessive firmness , forcing her to realize that there was only one thing on his mind right now and that he was busily trying to figure out how to best go about whisking her off and having his way with her .
one thing was certain , he 'd already taken so much more from her than she 'd ever been willing to give .
there was only one thing on his mind right now , and nothing was going to delay him any further .
the last thing he wanted was for her to be on edge around him .
she flushed , embarrassed at the first thing that had drifted her off course while cole was f**king her .
perhaps the only thing out of all the other stuff that mattered .
but the one thing that stuck out in his mind the most was that he 'd have ren .
damon set his now - empty glass down on the desk and hesitated before finally deciding to say the next thing on his mind .
` ` there 's one other thing , '' she hedged .
this whole fantasy thing ...
pop was right about one thing .
it was tempting to show up late , just because , but to be honest , she wanted to get the whole thing over with as soon as possible .
` ` it 's not the marriage thing .
i love her , and more than that i do n't want her to ever think i do n't , that she 's not the most important thing in my life . ''
she meant to close her eyes for just a moment but the next thing she knew she was being gently shaken awake .
he and nathan could do quite a bit of legwork , which would leave connor to focus his attention on the most important thing : keeping lyric safe .
it appalled and aroused him in equal parts until , quite frankly , he was n't sure what the hell he thought about the whole thing .
he seems to have pretty relaxed standards about that sort of thing , '' nathan said dryly .
the only thing she wanted to talk about was how fast she could get home and into bed .
julie and i left her to dance , and the next thing i know she 's falling down at my feet . ''
` ` that 's one thing you ca n't control , micah . ''
and the next thing she knew , a great misshapen mass hurtled out of the smoke at her .
i hit the water hard and the next thing i knew i was lying on a beach on a tiny deserted island , somewhere , ironically , near alhaja . '
' a private thing , i suppose , music . '
' it 's always been a very private thing . '
but one thing is certain - i wo n't back out now with my tail between my legs .
so far , they ' ve been innocent - flirting with the guy at the coffee shop , sleeping nak*d when i admitted being undressed makes me uncomfortable , things like that .
baker'sgoods shall lessen theburdenon the cook while she settlesin andarranges things , and certainly theherb garden is not up to scratch .
we just attended to that thing . ''
it blocked his scent and his touch and the hunger in his eyes - things she should not want .
` ` what is the first thing , then ? ''
` ` for one thing , you must stop thinking of everything as seguin 's .
` ` so , this is a friends thing ?
ashton was the only thing i 'd ever fight him over .
you 're wrong about one thing though .
as usual , she 'd spent the rest of the morning and afternoon doing her best to forget the whole thing .
it was too clean , for one thing , but more than that , tuck would never have driven a foreign car , not because he did n't trust the quality , but because he would n't have had the metric tools he 'd need to repair it .
next thing i knew , he was flying past me and the truck was halfway off the road .
the last thing he wanted was any trouble with his family , especially ted and abee , but he had the disquieting feeling that things were n't quite settled .
as the afternoon wound down , they talked easily of everyday things , past and present , filling in pieces of their lives and exchanging opinions on everything from books to places they had always dreamed of visiting .
young guy , dark hair , flirting just a little too much with candy for it to be a casual thing .
but like i said , she 's hurting , and if there 's one thing i ' ve learned , it 's that people in pain do n't always see things as clearly as they should .
it would have been nice had she hired him as the manager at the plant , where he 'd be able to sit in an air - conditioned office issuing orders and overseeing things as opposed to delivering snacks to convenience stores .
the only thing that mattered was reaching that opening and getting the hell out of the tidewater as fast as he possibly could .
the only thing that will matter to jared is whether you 're there when he wakes up , and that 's not going to happen for several hours .
but through the wild mixture of emotions , one thing remained clear and diamond - bright within her .
` ` just one thing before everybody leaves , '' he was saying .
well , cassie thought as she and sean began swaying to the music , one thing was for sure : this dance was n't anything like the last one .
that left a huge mystery as to how they 'd stumbled upon the pup to begin with , but the only thing that mattered right now was finding him and getting him back to the hive and his pack safe and sound .
the most important thing in his life - and he had n't even realized it was the most important thing until seventeen days ago .
the most important thing in his life - and he had n't even realized it was the most important thing until seventeen days ago .
but one thing was certain - this lass sure as hell had not chosen him .
regardless , ilysa intended to have her things moved to one of the smaller chambers first thing in the morning .
next thing i know , sorely 's on the floor bleeding .
the important thing is that i have you back . ''
` ` one thing at a time , mom , '' he said soothingly .
but one thing you need to understand is my mother 's limitless capacity for caring .
the important thing is my boys and my daughter are home again where they belong .
he ducked underneath again , and the next thing she knew , she was being lifted in the air .
the important thing is castle will be in jail . ''
oh , my god , you just ruined the whole thing . ''
the important thing was that the door was open and i was crossing the threshold to learn what happens after the end of an imperial affliction .
the important thing is not whatever nonsense the voices are saying , but what the voices are feeling .
his velvety tone implied resting was n't the only thing on the agenda .
not what he needed to be thinking when lunch was the only thing on the menu this afternoon , and common sense told him to aim for contract not consummation .
one thing was certain , he decided as he repacked the remnants of their lunch , nicole 's bastard of a brother - in - law was not getting his hands on this baby .
that 's more of a personal thing .
watching gage unwind today had made it very clear she had one more thing to do before she left knoxville .
one thing was certain ; being hurled against him bore no resemblance whatsoever to similar contact with her father or david , who even after being her boyfriend throughout high school and college , had only tolerated thrill rides for her sake .
and nicole , one more thing .
` ` but please keep one thing in mind .
it was better to just leave the whole thing buried .
the only thing real was the fistful of tom 's shirt she held .
jenny 's mind was still stuck on one thing .
` ` if this place is like a dream and we know we 're dreaming it , we should be able to change things .
mine was more of a kid thing , really . ''
one thing you could always count on , jenny thought - that michael would n't run out of things to talk about .
but we ' ve never let a little thing like that stop us .
for one thing , she 's - made a sort of promise not to .
` ` well , for one thing , '' she said slowly , ` ` i know you 're not the mickey mouse club . ''
but that does n't matter , the only thing that matters is that it can never happen again .
faye was the last thing she needed to deal with .
` ` the first thing is , you get me that skull .
the next thing she knew he was staining the other rune , making sharp , slashing motions on the cabinet .
but right now , only one thing dominated his thoughts .
she forced her best prim tone in place to put things back on a more practical keel .
` ` yeah , about that age thing .
although he did know one thing for certain .
she 'd asked his opinion , but he left that sort of thing to her .
` ` i have n't shoved you in the pool yet , but it 's going to be a near thing if you keep that up . ''
` ` you ' ve given this paper marriage thing some thought . ''
perhaps there was at least one thing she could fix in her messed - up life after all .
` ` gabrielle does n't have to worry about a thing .
the answer popped to mind fast , but it was n't fancy and so very much not a guy thing that she held back .
starting first thing tomorrow , she would confront hank .
the hem of her mini dress bunched in his hands and next thing he knew he was touching bare flesh above the waistline of her leggings .
` ` hank , are you sure we ca n't just ditch the whole thing ?
bob , '' he said to her husband , ` ` it 's a good thing you called me .
` ` thing i ' m askin myself , '' he said , ` ` is how come a white stoolie is pals with a negro fag ? ''
if there 's a catch to this , they can just forget the whole thing . ''
unless you want to call the whole thing off , which is your client 's right , as you know . ''
well , one thing leads to another , and this and that , and the next thing you know they 're truly friends , he 's making tea for her in the afternoons , and running little errands for her , helping her hang photographs , put up screens , dust the apartment for her , little things like that .
next thing she knew , mom was yelling all the time and dad was retreating into his shell like he usually did , until one day he simply did n't return from an extended southern tour .
ten years ago , he could never have imagined wondering about such a thing .
one thing was certain : after a show , he always needed something ... more .
being a vegetarian was n't always easy , and there were times when she wanted to give up the whole thing .
` ` i used to compete in gymnastics , and for maybe four or five years , it was the biggest thing in my life .
but the main thing you should know is that they 're endangered .
he was just doing his job , and actually , he was pretty understanding about the whole thing .
maybe , ronnie thought , it was a woman thing to be able to sense things like that , because will went on chatting with his mom with casual ease .
next thing i know , he had balled up his cup of french fries and hurled it at him . ''
of course , that made the whole thing a little more interesting , if only because he knew all about will 's weak spot .
` ` and one more thing , '' ronnie added .
the staff at the aquarium really did have the whole thing down to a science ; earlier that afternoon , workers and volunteers from the aquarium had begun to prepare the area so the turtles could reach the water safely .
it hurt , but it was n't the only thing i thought about , because i could escape it in other ways .
the next thing i knew , the side of the building was on fire . ''
kids growing up on a farm tend to know a lot more than city kids when it comes to things like birth and reproduction , but we have strict rules about keeping kids away from the mares in heat .
i assume i entered a curve - i say assume , because i obviously did n't see a curve - and the next thing i knew , i crashed through the guardrail and began to careen down the steep embankment .
she 'd tried to get into the whole thing .
` ` it was n't really my thing . ''
his head tilted slightly , and the next thing she knew , she was tilting her head , too , their faces growing closer .
nor did it help that my father now accompanied my mother and me to synagogue ; my intimate talks with my mother became a thing of the past .
spending time with him at the ranch was one thing .
he wore an amused expression as he adjusted it , as if to acknowledge their confusion about the whole thing .
i got most of the halloween stuff set up today - jose and i built a great big maze out of hay bales , among other things - but a lot of people always show up .
` ` it 's not really my thing , '' he admitted .
this place is where i come to think about other things . ''
this is the only real thing .
` ` it 's a good thing i ' ve never allowed you to meet another man or you might think differently . ''
` ` you 're being too logical about the whole thing . ''
probably not , but when janice or janet or whatever her name was showed up at the door unannounced , her dark hair and intelligent eyes reminded me of ruth , and the next thing i knew , she was standing in the living room .
the one thing that you did n't want to think about was not being able to ride .
it is a good thing you never played poker . ''
it was the only personal thing he had in his room .
` ` first thing , if you wish it . ''
because one thing was for certain , his carefree life on the road was over .
it was a small thing , meaningless to anyone but her , and yet ... she wanted him to see it .
the room was growing hot , and his cravat felt tight , and in that moment , as his life was flipping and spiraling out of his control , he knew only one thing for certain .
` ` yeah , because the whole thing pisses you off .
why would n't you have a thing ? ''
` ` gage , there are a lot more important things to worry about here than what this you - and - me thing might be . ''
a small thing , it thought .
such a small thing to have caused so much trouble , so much time .
` ` just another ordinary , routine thing to help me appreciate life . ''
` ` all but this one thing , '' cybil interrupted .
woman thing , '' gage decided .
i need you to lawyer up that kind of thing for me .
that 's one thing . ''
seemed like a screwy thing to do , but things are screwy .
` ` my latest thing ? ''
` ` but you 're right about one thing .
i ' m worried about the same thing , even while quinn is staring at me from across the table with such a stormy dark expression .
later in the night , after we go back to giliberti house , gavin calls and tells me that his father agreed to let the whole thing go .
he resented the ease with which she pushed his buttons when no other woman 's come - hither looks did a thing for him - unless he allowed it .
` ` the last thing i want or need is for a client to fall in love with me .
one thing was for sure ; there would n't be a repeat performance .
` ` the thing you seem to forget is that you ' ve paid thirty thousand dollars to meet the man i ' ve chosen as your match . ''
but there 's one other important thing .
for one thing , the soil was hard and strewn with gravel ; it would n't be easy to dig here ; she 'd just be scratching at the surface .
` ` it 's probably some girl thing , '' said chris .
it was a light thing , a peck on his lips , a lingering touch .
it 's not a legal thing .
it 's just a personal thing . ''
` ` this is n't my thing anymore . ''
first thing , '' my father says , and then stomps down the stairs .
suddenly , only one thing matters : i need to pass her .
i want to tell her i found the ` ` pat '' box in the attic , how hungry i was today , that i really do n't want to live in a filthy house , and i need to take one thing at a time - finding the end of apart time first and foremost - but mom looks so determined and almost proud .
` ` the most important thing is to make the lifts look effortless , as if you are holding up air .
` ` it 's just the whole jake thing ...
my mum seemed a little bit reserved about the whole thing .
jake finishes up singing one of the new hits , ' pure thing ' and slows things down to an easy stop .
i make to leave , but he 's not letting me go anywhere and the next thing i know he 's up against my back , arms holding me there , dancing with me , moving me with him .
i just figured this was a jake thing .
` ` and this here today is a small thing .
he shrugs like this is an everyday thing , downplaying himself like always .
the important thing at the moment is jake , and making sure he 's okay .
then the next thing i knew your dad was beside me , and i could hear the sirens coming , and your dad just kept saying , over and over , ' i ' m so sorry , jake .
i go out to clear my head , i stay in a crappy hotel for the night , thinking things through - what the best thing to do for you is - for us , and then i come back here to talk things through with you , and i find you in bed with a ... fucking girl !
i go out to clear my head , i stay in a crappy hotel for the night , thinking things through - what the best thing to do for you is - for us , and then i come back here to talk things through with you , and i find you in bed with a ... fucking girl !
the only thing on his mind right now is the fighting need to come , f**king me until he 's dry .
i ' ve just been under a lot of pressure lately , feeling stressed with one thing and another .
` ` in the future i 'll consult you about this kind of thing , okay ? ''
she suddenly wryly acknowledged to herself that this resolution would only last as long as it took for the maid to come in and clean it up ... the one thing about being fabulously wealthy was that you did n't have to think about mundane things like picking up after yourself .
she very carefully , as if it was the most fragile thing in the world , replaced the receiver in its cradle and sat quite still for a long time before suddenly exploding into action and dashing to the en - suite bathroom where she violently threw up the meagre portion she had had for breakfast .
you said that this was a business thing . ''
our marriage was n't the only thing that was dragged out for public scrutiny , my sister rosalie 's teenage abortion hit the news , my other sister isabella 's cheating husband ... '' he shook his head in disgust .
he had never mentioned his parents , and now she wondered about them , about the combination of genes that had produced such striking coloring , but that was another thing she could n't ask .
well , at least security was one thing he did n't worry about .
unless you 're leaving over the underwear thing .
but hannah was wrong about one thing .
not until this thing is settled . ''
just one thing , really .
it is a good thing we ' forgot ' to bring the suitcase of clothes she 'd packed or i fear she would be right back in her dowdy wardrobe out of sheer spite . ''
they should have challenged the law long before now but many other pressing matters had taken precedence , and marriage had seemed a distant thing .
it was the kind of thing he should pay close attention to , but piper was walking down the stairs on the arm of his bodyguard .
the banquet went on behind him , but tal was only thinking of one thing .
you 're obviously a sensual thing . ''
khalil might have ulterior motives , but he was right about one thing .
` ` you 're right about one thing , '' dominic said as he stared at the files in his hand .
riley , you deal with this thing . ''
she wants the whole menage thing , or at least she did when she was a kid .
he was dragging this thing out like sherlock holmes reporting to the damn queen .
ca n't let a little thing like a girlfriend get between you and a paycheck , can you , burke ? ''
the last thing he wanted to do was pull her from her safety and security , back out into this world they had dragged her into .
how could she have forgotten the most important thing : a dress ?
it was a little thing -- helping a teenage girl get ready for a school dance ; nothing , really -- so why did she feel so much ?
normally that would be reason enough to just forget the whole thing and take the bus .
the divorce somehow had been pushed aside , a little thing in the presence of giants .
` ` the important thing is that you 're honest .
` ` maybe it 's a good thing i never had kids , '' she said aloud .
she remembered how he used to kiss her first thing in the morning , every day , even when he was late for work , and how she sometimes pushed him away because she had other , more important things on her mind .
she glanced down the row of women , then said , ` ` there is one more thing .
it was the query that had kept her up all last night ; the first thing on her mind this morning .
` ` why 'd you bring up this marriage thing ? ''
` ` the score 's the only thing bothering you ? ''
` ` you do n't expect me to call you over every little thing , do you ? ''
` ` we agreed on that first thing . ''
speaking to him first thing , discussing the intimate details of her reproductive system , hearing his enthusiasm ... talking about their child .
if you decide you 'd rather forget the whole thing , then i 'll understand .
` ` you 're right about one thing , '' rich remarked .
fighting was the last thing on his mind when he went to her apartment .
` ` the only pressing thing i have is a three o'clock deadline . ''
` ` do n't you worry about a thing , '' rich whispered , his face close to hers .
talking was the last thing on his mind .
` ` just between friends , that sort of thing ? ''
one thing was certain ; she could n't spend the night standing at the end of the pier .
` ` being a judge is the most important thing in the world to you .
` ` at the moment , the election is the last thing on my mind .
for one brief , terrifying moment , he thought about forgetting the whole thing , about saying ` ` fuck it '' and just reveling in the moment .
an hour ago her competence - or lack thereof - had been the most important thing on his mind .
her breath caught in her throat , and she felt herself grow wet when minutes before she would have sworn sex was the last thing on her mind .
kind of a behind - the - scenes thing .
` ` she 's the one who 's always saying she wants to finish one more thing before we go . ''
she slipped lower , her tongue stroking over his balls and behind them , finding a spot that made control a thing of his past and had his blood pressure shooting through the roof .
for one thing , he 'd have to explain , and he knew he could n't count on me to go along with his story .
we were n't best buds ; we never chatted about personal things . ''
` ` for one thing , the detectives are working the case , not you .
` ` i used to have black bart , but he has n't shown up in a while , so maybe that was just a kid thing . ''
who would have thought a little thing like that would annoy him so much ?
technical support ( what a laugh ) was n't living up to her expectations , because evidently they 'd had her uninstall everything , then reinstall , and that had n't solved a damn thing .
the whole thing was a puzzle .
man , he gets testy over the least little thing .
getting things sorted out took a while , so i went into the kitchen and put on a pot of coffee for everyone .
he acted like we were a joint thing .
if she stopped , though , she would back out of the whole thing .
i knew sitting down that this was the only thing we had to talk about .
seeking my mother 's approval was a thing of my past .
he might not remember anything of his past ; but i knew one thing for certain , he was a damn good kisser .
bob 's indiscretion was forgiven and the only thing i could concentrate on now was cohen and how amazing his deep - blue eyes looked , highlighted by his baby - blue shirt .
things eventually changed between me and your dad , and while i would n't wish for that to happen to anyone , i would n't change a thing . ''
` ` it 's not just the doctor thing .
every thought she had focused on one thing : john wolcott ... and what he did to her , how he made her feel ... special .
he merely wagged his tail harder , and when the door opened , he lunged through the widening crack , yipping a little as he trotted around the spacious , two - story great room , checking all the familiar scents before darting into the kitchen and out again , then coming over to hope as if to say , ` ` i ' ve checked things out and everything 's okay . ''
it 's the only thing i ' ve thought about .
the last thing i want is for emily to connect negative feelings to sex with me , but i never came to a resolution last night .
` ` when i see your face , there 's not a thing that i would change , 'cause you 're amazing just the way - ` ` fucking bruno mars .
slipping downstairs , i went into the kitchen - a place i could visit so long as i kept things brief - and caught his eye when i cut through the main visiting area .
still , it suddenly seemed like a small thing compared to someone causing a bloody explosion in lissa 's room .
you would n't let the feeder thing go . ''
and i ' m not even talking about the wrist thing . ''
sometimes it bothers me , and the chapel is a good place to think about those kinds of things .
but the other thing he 'd mentioned ... it had never entered my mind .
because she was desperate for another one of those sweet kisses despite the risk of hannah walking in on them , she backed away from trace and moved to the stove , opening lids and checking on things that were simmering just fine only moments ago .
usually you better not get between a mother and her babies , but sometimes ... .. well , the first thing is body temperature , and at least these guys have some good fur .
the only thing that seemed to affect her was the occasional questions about our relationship , but as long as i took care of it , she got over it pretty fast .
i planned to do the right thing and keep things platonic , but if i did n't do something drastic , that plan would get lost in the mess of conflicting thoughts and emotions swirling inside of me .
i hated it so much that it made me regret every questionable thing i 'd ever done because it was just one more thing that got in the way .
the last thing i wanted was to admit to dad what i 'd been up to .
i do n't want you thinking i ' m some psycho that goes around attacking people over the tiniest thing , '' i said , ` ` but i owe you an apology because i did n't defend you for the right reason . ''
except one thing . ''
if he 'd stayed to hear all the particulars of his uncle 's will in the first place , instead of storming out and muddling things with his arrogant announcement that she was beneath him ...
with the night ahead looming large in willa 's mind , it was not surprising that the herbs were the first thing she attended to on arriving in the room she and her husband were to share .
the last thing i want is to send my brother off to parts unknown with rio and his cave dwellers the minute i finally get him home for good .
next thing i know , he freaks out and hops a jet to california ? ''
but the important thing was that nathan believed it .
but for now , let 's put that aside so we can focus on the most important thing .
the biggest thing of his entire life .
the important thing is that he came home at all .
the last thing he wanted to do was make her suffer more , but he also needed to find out where the hell she was .
` ` the important thing is she 's alive . ''
` ` there 's just one little thing we need to discuss . ''
one thing was certain , she would never be as uncaring about unemployment as he had been .
when she had been married , the most important thing in her life had been to establish some sort of stability on which to build her relationship with steve , and the marriage had n't survived .
he 'd get this settled between them as soon as he 'd taken care of piggot , but right now the most important thing was to make certain jay was safe .
a little thing like that .
nothing about the way he wanted morgan , about the need that turned him inside out and focused with unerring demand on this woman , had a damn thing to do with retribution .
` ` yeah , that makes you a stupid putz , but that is n't the main thing she 's pissed about . ''
she did n't bring teeth , as if she somehow knew that was deke 's thing and not his .
the only thing on her mind and in her heart that night had been her desire to heal him , to bond with him , be meaningful to him .
good damn thing he 'd jacked off twice already today , or the moment he got inside this vacuum of sultry heat , he 'd explode .
` ` one thing at a time , kitten .
in fact , he 'd been asking himself the same thing .
it 's a day - by - day thing . ''
orgasm was right there , and the only thing standing between her and it were his fingers .
suddenly , the thing she 'd long feared was the thing she wanted most .
no , that 's not my thing .
he certainly had the time to devote , since the only thing on his calendar until he returned to active duty was his older brother 's upcoming vow renewal .
` ` still a tiny thing .
eventually he 'd see that , while there was something wonderful between them , it was n't a forever kind of thing .
one thing at a time , buddy .
but one thing he knew as well as his own name : tara could only be wearing his mother 's necklace if adam had ripped it off of amanda 's broken neck while killing her .
kata was particular about that sort of thing .
i 'll fix shit , but color palettes and throw pillows ... not my thing .
the important thing was that she had changed herself .
` ` i did n't know you felt that strongly about frivolous things like flowers and intercourse .
the only thing he had to worry about was convincing the little hellcat that there was something a hell of a lot better they could be doing together than fighting .
it 's damn near the only thing i can think about , which is seriously f**ked , seeing as how i ' m meant to be thinking about how to keep you alive . ''
gia knew she should n't mouth off to him again , but she had to ask him one thing .
` ` can you let me handle the whole love thing ?
but when he grabbed her shoulders and tugged her closer , she knew that wine was the last thing on his mind .
one thing became immediately clear : callie was younger and surprisingly fast .
so she settled on the only thing that might persuade him to show a little bit of mercy .
` ` it just was n't the most important thing on my mind . ''
the most important thing was exposing what the monsters had done to her family and clearing her name from anything criminal .
the most important thing now is that callie no longer appears to be a target . ''
not knowing the sex of the baby made some things more difficult , but a green baby outfit here , a yellow one there worked .
next thing you know , he'l decide to go along and monitor your chicago appearances . ''
but ask him about the address thing .
` ` that would indeed be wonderful and a great solution to the sticky situation we 're in , except for one thing . ''
` ` the first thing is the smel . ''
i can begin on that first thing .
for one thing , i trust you not to betray the pack , no matter where you go or what you do .
` ` they might , except for one thing . ''
for one thing , the were had to get nak*d first , which set up a certain vulnerability .
i ' m not cooking a damned thing until you stand up and admit that something 's bothering you . ''
` ` do n't worry about a thing , abby .
it could all be so simple , except for one thing . ''
one thing was for sure , she never would have fallen in love with a werewolf .
one thing comforted him , if only a little .
` ` that 's not the most important thing in the world .
luna instinctively touched her hair and realized she had n't done a thing with it since rolling around in colin 's bed , followed by walking along a misty , wind - blown beach .
for one thing , i ' ve always thought the macdowell name should be on all the literature about the inn .
she wanted him to be thorough because the last thing they needed to do was cause more damage to the stewarts ' love nest .
now , if you 'll excuse me , i really should- '' ` ` one more thing .
second big thing is that we have a fledgling organization but no name for it .
` ` there 's one other thing , grandma . ''
oh , and that 's another thing .
she 'd been concerned about that very thing herself two days ago when she had n't wanted her followers to know what went on in the cabin .
one thing was for sure - he could n't keep it any longer .
roger is bald and fat and his wife is probably bald and fat , too , and the last thing i want to hear about is them having bald and fat sex .
if i give her just a piece of the story , she 'll want the whole thing .
when you like someone and they like you , you f**king put your lips against their lips and then you open your mouth a little , and then just a little hint of tongue to spice things up .
it might not be the last thing on my mind , but it is n't near the first , either .
i do n't know why ; i ' m totally trustworthy about that sort of thing . ''
simon , i fear , is on the verge of saying something wrong , and derek looks like he 's going to blog about the whole thing .
people act like it 's the most important thing humans do , but come on .
suddenly - it 's like the next thing i know - we 're on the road .
me : next thing you know , we 'll be blood brothers .
when boo asked me to peel some potatoes , i was all ' sure thing .
the knee thing is all fine and dandy , but what if something happens and i need to ... '' swallowing hard , i whisper , ` ` what if i need to make sure someone is gone ?
another thing that 's changed in the house is that i get to go outside whenever i like .
we built this place on golden delicious , but things change .
she was a grown woman , not a scared virgin , and sex was the last thing on her mind .
` ` but- '' ` ` there 's no normal way to handle a thing like this .
actually , it was the only thing she could remember talking to him about lately .
that was the last thing she wanted to think about today - her mother 's death .
since the last thing she wanted to do was roam through this quiet house on dad 's birthday , she returned to belye nochi , plucked her car keys from the bowl on the entry table , and set off for town , looking for anything to occupy her time until sunset .
achromatopsia , it was called , and one thing was certain : her mother had never seen a lavender sky .
vera thinks then that she will never again follow her mother 's advice about this one thing : she will never leave her children alone .
her great act of defiance , going with them , seems like a small thing , and the farther she gets from leningrad , the smaller it seems .
they would always be a family , but if she 'd learned anything in the past few weeks it was that a family was n't a static thing .
the deadline is the most important thing right now , and so i 'll be bringing in an experienced executive to take over until it 's done .
i watched with interest as the next big thing in programming opened before my very eyes .
we do n't have to talk about a damn thing .
the only thing that seemed to catch her eye was liam sceneing .
all this retrospective crap does n't change a thing . ''
nothing had turned out the way she 'd intended , but she still felt ridiculously glad that she 'd be putting things away in the place she called home .
` ` the other thing to consider is , if we do n't offer her a choice between us and a domme , we 're not being fair .
the rare times he 'd awakened her in the past had usually been about shadows , but business sounded like the last thing on his mind now .
the more important thing is what happens next .
` ` the only thing left to do is figure out how we 're going to give her a night so f**king fabulous that she 'll want another . ''
but there is one thing i want to be clear about .
not a thing , '' i said .
the only thing that mattered was that i just happened to have been one man 's daughter .
` ` it 's not a big thing .
` ` well , it 's a good thing you 're qualified , right ? ''
which was great , she supposed , if she were into that sort of thing , but she kind of preferred looking at guy parts .
` ` not the entire thing , '' brenna amended .
he pushed off the edge of the bed , ha**ng s*x the last thing on his mind at the moment .
she was bad about that sort of thing .
he had n't done a thing for her .
` ` not this sort of thing .
i have , and i can assure you that lounging in bed is the last thing that colt will have on his mind .
but she 'd loved it , and she loved that he took her hand and slipped it onto her finger as if it were the most important thing in his life .
emily gave her strange looks when she showered twice in the same afternoon , but she was too polite to ask about that sort of thing .
it had been so easy and affectionate and utterly spontaneous , and it made her wish she had n't been such a chicken about the whole thing .
she was clearly sensitive about that sort of thing .
the last thing on her mind was telling her brother that she just got laid .
it was depressing if she thought about it for too long , so she tried not to think about that sort of thing .
the next thing playing was a romantic comedy , which he said was fine .
` ` that 's the word your father likes to use now that we need to spice things up in the- '' ` ` hari - kari !
she 's the type to crow about this kind of thing .
my knees tingle and his arms are the only thing pinning me to earth .
the only thing that mattered was accruing the money and sending it to zeke nicholas .
he 's a genius when it comes to that kind of thing . ''
what 's this about the baseball thing ? ''
the sights and sounds and worries evaporated as he gave his entire focus to the one thing that mattered .
` ` exactly , it was my thing .
one thing was certain , her mother would n't handle any of the news calmly .
she needed to stay in the moment , one thing at a time .
the next thing he knew , she 'd scavenged a basting brush from the galley kitchen and returned with a bowl of warmed syrup .
the one thing guaranteed to throw a whole new , confusing , frightening ... dangerous complexion on their working relationship .
` ` i can think of another thing we need to work on in order to pull off this couple cover story convincingly . ''
but first , he had to take care of one thing .
but right now , it was the only thing she could think about .
he thudded the heel of his palm to his forehead , clearly doing his best to take her mind off things .
one thing for certain , he could n't risk her striking out on her own .
at the moment , food was the last thing on jayne 's mind .
she tried to downplay the whole thing for her father , but her voice shook and she probably was n't fooling him in the least .
the last thing he wanted was to see celia hurt .
` ` it 's a man thing .
` ` about the name thing , i ' m not going to agree with uncle fester no matter how nicely you ask . ''
` ` instead of things like research and development and public relations , noble 's boys handled things like corn acquisition and midnight distribution . ''
` ` instead of things like research and development and public relations , noble 's boys handled things like corn acquisition and midnight distribution . ''
the last thing he needed to do was involve himself with the louisville temperance league in any way , shape or form .
all he could do was wonder why , suddenly , the last thing he wanted to do was take kit back to the mcclellan home in glenview .
` ` not a thing , '' she assured her companion .
but the fact is you men simply do not have an eye for that kind of thing . ''
the last thing he wanted to do was consider novak doing anything for - or with - kit .
unfortunately for her , though , pendleton was pulling her well into his arms before she realized that dancing was the last thing he had on his mind .
` ` does n't miss manners frown on that sort of thing ? ''
the first thing on his agenda was finding the woman who kidnapped his heart and was holding it for ransom .
oh , and one more thing , sir . ''
no reason to interfere in a family thing .
` ` anyway , '' pendleton went on , ` ` the main thing is that you and i are together .
` ` then there 's just one thing left to settle , '' he finally said .
so that would be a big yep on the bed thing .
you still think i ' m just a- '' she halted herself , thinking it would be best to skirt the whole beautiful thing .
that was the most important thing , was n't it ?
at least , that had been the most important thing before he landed back in chicago .
dorsey told herself to say nothing , to just ignore the remark and move on to another subject , something harmless and bland that would n't become a forum for debate - religion , politics , women 's rights , fashion dos and don'ts , that kind of thing .
it made sense that adam would be curious about such a thing , and neither dorsey nor her mother had ever tried to hide the circumstances surrounding her birth , though they never named reginald dorsey specifically as her father .
or , at least , on one other thing .
` ` but i figured with all the stuff going on in your life in the aftermath of lauren grable - monroe , the last thing you needed was to have me there complicating things .
oh , and i intend for us to get around to that creme de menthe thing very soon . ''
one thing , however , was absolutely certain .
and even if he were here , he never troubles himself with this kind of thing .
doubtless , there was some kind of osha regulation about such a thing .
and furthermore , somehow , she got the distinct impression that income taxes were the last thing he 'd come to investigate anyway .
it 's the absolute last thing i want to have on my mind right now .
then , it dawned on her that he was n't talking about the fantasy thing .
` ` well , for one thing , you do n't seem to be home much , do you ? ''
but schuyler kimball apparently wanted to keep things right where they were , because although he did indeed let go of her wrist , he opened his hand against hers , palm to palm , his fingertips extending above hers a good inch .
man , this whole kimball thing had him way too preoccupied .
what was worse , though , was that he was n't preoccupied with this whole kimball thing .
of course , her worries about a future with leo might be completely unfounded anyway , because in worrying about such a thing , she was assuming the two of them had a future together .
frankly , eating was the last thing she had on her mind right now .
that was the one thing he continued to have trouble understanding .
in spite of that , the last thing he wanted to think about at the moment was the lawsuit he planned to wage against raven french .
the kind of thing she had been certain she was n't wired to feel .
that , strangely , was the thing she was having the most trouble letting go of .
a little thing like snow and subfreezing temperature is n't going to change that . ''
for one thing , it should n't matter if della was tied to another man , since marcus did n't want to stake a claim on her anyway .
for another thing , they 'd both only wanted and promised one night , that should have been more than enough to satisfy their desire to enjoy each other for a little while .
of course , that had been the first thing to grab his attention during her interview five years ago , because the last thing he 'd wanted or needed in a personal assistant was someone he might want to get personal with .
matthias was right about one thing .
he asked , deciding to focus on that instead of.the other thing .
how could he have thought his work was the most important thing in the world , when every day she was with him was a sign of how there was so much more ?
the soldier raised his eyebrow and asked , ` ` what is the last thing ? ''
well , she concluded glumly , noah had proven he was good at one thing in the shower .
i guess that was one thing samantha forgot to mention to you . ''
` ` it 's a good thing you took them off- '' she knew how she looked , but did he have to spell it out for her ?
it was one thing to think about these things privately , it was another to give voice to them .
it was one thing to think about these things privately , it was another to give voice to them .
` ` one of us could have stopped the whole thing at any time during our four dates . ''
` ` you said you were done with that romantic love stuff , that it was much better to treat the whole thing like a business proposition . ''
entrapping you is the last thing on my mind . ''
in addition , he had n't wanted to go by kelly 's place to hash things out if brenda was still hanging around .
` ` the first thing anyone would need to know , '' he said , ` ` is whether you have any brand recognition '' her spirits sank .
` ` it 's a good thing neither of us has had a real drink . ''
because one thing was certain - they were over as a couple .
one thing he 'd realized was that he had to stop any expectations with respect to michelene for good .
one thing was certain : he would not be escorting her , pia .
` ` good ... then there 's just one more thing . ''
dinner was pretty uneventful and sophia seemed to be pouting through the whole thing , which was really annoying .
i even asked him about her , about his relationship with her and he failed to mention the most important thing of all , his child .
i talked to a professional about this exact thing and she said that it will be good for jaden to see me in a healthy relationship .
the thin material was n't hiding a single thing from his view and she could n't keep her arms crossed forever .
because she did n't want to fight , she decided to let this one thing go .
one thing she was discovering about adriane , however , was that he was made to be a king .
the only thing on his mind was the fact that they were both in this cool paradise , and they were both naked .
yes , the ring was gorgeous , but only one thing , one thing alone , could keep her attention for long .
yes , the ring was gorgeous , but only one thing , one thing alone , could keep her attention for long .
i really want to see you eat the whole thing . ''
it was a good thing he had n't delayed any further , because shane was ready to start throwing punches .
do n't even joke about such a thing , '' sandra exclaimed .
she was way too young to be stressing over such a thing , so she needed to push it from her mind and focus on today only .
it was a good thing she did n't have smoke detectors in her place , or her little act of defiance would ' ve set every one of them off .
the first thing she needed to figure out was who she 'd gone home with .
he had n't even bothered looking through the reports from the inspection yet - he left that kind of thing to his employees .
the last thing he wanted was to let her go , even if that meant a night of suffering for him .
the last thing he wanted to do was watch a movie , but if that got her to snuggle into him , then he would watch a dozen of the things .
he 'd grown up wealthy , never having a thing to worry about .
that last thing did n't matter .
he last thing he wanted to do was to go with her into that jewelry store .
still , it would be a place to rest her head , a place where she could figure things out and begin mapping out her next steps .
it was n't as if she had n't thought about that same thing , but hearing the words from colt , from the man she 'd made love to only two weeks earlier - and knowing the other ranch hands were thinking the same thing - stung .
one thing was for sure - she was n't waiting a single minute longer to find out who colt westbrook really was .
she despised herself for it , but it seemed almost the only thing on her mind of late .
she glanced over at him , to see whether he was mocking her , or if he thought she was a fool even to consider such a thing , but he seemed genuinely curious .
` ` well , it 's a good thing you like me pregnant , because ... '' sierra said .
unfortunately , helping people had n't really been the first thing on the management 's agenda , and she had n't felt good about working for the corporation at all .
for some reason , he 'd always been afraid of losing her , and it was the last thing he needed to worry about .
` ` it 's a guy thing , '' he mumbled somewhat sheepishly .
` ` it 's a guy thing , '' tim told kara solemnly .
` ` it 's a good thing i ' m not your woman then , '' chloe answered sharply .
he took a deep breath before adding , ` ` one more thing , chloe . ''
` ` the last thing i care about is my political career right now , '' he answered , his eyes full of sadness and concern .
` ` there 's not a thing i would want to change .
okay , maybe the cooking thing .
one thing was for certain : she 'd talk to him about it even if hearing his voice from so far away nearly killed her .
the last thing he wanted was for lara to put herself in danger every day as an fbi agent .
next thing she knew she was hauled to her feet by the front of her t - shirt and dragged off .
maybe bob was ill . well , one thing was for sure , if she did n't get dug - e signed up , they were probably all going to be out of work soon .