the fruit tasted and felt like sawdust in her mouth and she had to concentrate to chew and swallow the delicate melon .
of course , the game had them doing nothing more than sitting on the grass , facing each other , rolling a melon - sized ball back and forth .
she smelled faintly of cucumbers and melon , a refreshing change from the sickly perfume most women of his acquaintance seemed to bathe in .
i used to wank myself off thinking of these gorgeous melons . ''
the melon and prosciutto were halfway to my mouth when i froze after he 'd dropped that bomb .
maybe a pina colada , a daiquiri , or something made with melon liqueur .
the brie cheese and dates , little balls of fresh melon wrapped in prosciutto ham , marinated sun - dried tomatoes and olives were all very tempting and without any electric sexual tension knotting her stomach , ivy suddenly found an appetite .
he stopped at the island bench , picked a melon ball off the platter , popped it into his mouth , raised his eyebrows at her stunned reaction to his enthusiastic suggestion as he ate the fruit , then asked , ' can you get away from the farm to do it with me ? '
it felt so good , so exultantly good that he did n't want her to have huge melons like that woman grant had put in her bed .
they had come so far ... then the image of that overblown floozy with her big melons billowed across tessa 's mind .
fresh fruit was served afterwards ; little balls of different melons and pineapple sprinkled with mint .
in between dutifully checking their progress , she cooked a lamb ragout , made the sweet corn and sour cream dip her family always devoured first at parties , wrapped slices of prosciutto ham around melon balls , opened a packet of brie cheese and laid pitted dates beside it , prepared the snow peas and florets of broccoli for last minute microwaving .
i will have what i had before , it was glorious - salad of crayfish tails and flaked devon crab with melon and fresh almonds .
wrapped in thick blankets i sit apart from them in the icy cold and watch the moon , the whitest , roundest melon .
and yesterday i realized that if i ca n't be small and delicate like these thai girls , then i want horribly perfect , overtly sexual melons on my chest .
he flipped my omelet deftly onto a plate already containing sliced melon and strawberries and set it on the counter .
i loaded up on carbs like i was about to run a marathon : two bagels with cream cheese , cinnamon toast crunch , melon , and blueberry pancakes drowned in syrup .
` ` close enough , '' i said , bringing the melon and grapes back to the bar and taking a seat on a stool .
` ` you were going to eat melon and grapes with that drink ? ''
a porter had magically arrived and now guided them to a private outdoor table where a platter of fresh mango , pawpaw , and melon had been laid out .
she gave him a flirtatious smile and licked her lips as she leaned down low to give him a good clear view of the melon match .
` ` put a summer melon in your tummy . ''
there was no note , just the faintest trace of her melon scent .
her br**sts were lush melons and he knew immediately that they were entirely real , with no silicone added .
she stabbed a piece of melon and ate it to occupy her mouth , figuring the less she said about the night before , the better off she was .
they were hugging over the plate of melon and both swiping at their eyes when tamara heard her father - in - law 's voice next to her .
` ` i agree with her , '' tammy said from across the table , relaxing back in her seat , her lips stained from the melon margarita she was sipping .
he dangled the juicy - looking melon from his fingers .
i now knew his favorite meals , what kind of fruit he liked - melons - and the kind he hated - pineapple .
` ` fuck me , '' i said under my breath , tearing my eyes away and jabbing my fork into a piece of melon .
` ` sorry , '' i mumbled , forcing the melon into my mouth even though i had no taste for it .
i tried to swallow the honeydew melon that must surely be a hunk of wet sawdust from the way it tasted on my tongue , and told him , ` ` i want to go home . ''
a farmer had sliced one of his melons .
` ` melons , '' he said , punctuating the word crisply .
` ` no melons , '' she said .
i took the empty salad plate from her and put it on the night table , passing her the cut up melon .
the business suit was gone and he had a pair of white shorts and a melon colored shirt on .
amery scooped strawberries , honeydew melon , and cantaloupe onto her plate .
bending over , he searched until he found a ripe melon in a bottom drawer .
before he could stop himself , he set the knife aside and started grabbing at the melon , shoving pieces of it into his mouth as fast as he could .
julian froze as he stared at his hand covered with the melon 's juices , his fingers curled against the side like the claw of some beast .
his breathing ragged , he grabbed the melon half and pitched it into the trash receptacle he had seen grace use the night before .
as he returned to the other half of the melon , he recognized selena 's voice .
he looked up from the melon and met brown eyes as wide as a spartan shield .
grace picked up a piece of melon that he 'd just sliced and placed it into her mouth .
he tackled styxx to the floor and pounded his head against the stone , wanting to shatter it like a melon .
that he is n't injured permanently , and he has n't swollen up like a melon- '' ` ` of course he has n't swollen up like a melon , do n't be ridiculous . ''
he gripped the window frame in anticipation , watching the beasts ' mammoth hooves trotting toward the man 's limp body , seconds away from squashing his head as if it were a ripe melon .
so i relented , picking up a slice of melon .
the melon dropped from my grasp onto my plate .
the air was moist always , the trees that grew about our little lakes and riverets immense , the ferns also of gigantic size , and the fruit of all kinds and colors - mangos , pears , melons of all sizes - always abundant , and the cliffs hung with vines of wild berry and grape , and the grass forever thick and green .
and she saw that he was taking the fruit from the bowl - dates , pieces of melon and peach , tiny pears , dark red berries - and that he was carefully dipping each piece in a silver cup of honey .
her well - taught sex tightened irresistibly as the silky fingers forced the quartered melon deep within , and the next piece , and the next , bringing stronger and stronger flushes and sighs from her .
he consumed the grapes , and , his mouth pressed to her pubic lips , he grasped with his teeth the thick chunks of melon .
diantha had stopped at a roadside stand to buy a honeydew melon , and she cut into it .
chunks of marble the size of apples and melons littered the sidewalk .
he wiped his hands on the towel draped over his thigh before digging a piece of melon out of the bowl beside him .
there was a plate piled high with oranges , strawberries , bananas and melon .
without a word and without a glance in my direction , she placed a tray piled high with fruits and wine atop the desk , the sweet scent of melon wafting all around her , then sprinted from the room .
but after sixteen hours of hell on earth , watching from a glass partition as his wife 's hair was shaved and her head freaking sawed open like a melon , he finally felt like he could breathe again and was n't in danger of vomiting his intestines .
` ` any tricks tomorrow , and i 'll slice aleaha 's throat like a melon . ''
at twelve , she 'd been strapped to a gurney and cut open like a melon .
looked like someone had taken a blade and carved lucien up like a melon , then tried to put him back together with the pieces out of order .
had you made contact with the ground , i doubt you would have burst open like a melon . ''
` ` mmm , this is so good , '' i moaned , closing my eyes as i swallowed the melon and cheese .
it slams coop down over the floor , and his head bounces like a melon .
kenny bops up and down in front of me , her boobs bouncing like chocolate - covered melons as she wields sharpened blades in my face - scissors .
my head bounces like a melon , and the world dissolves to darkness .
the sound of a melon splitting satisfies my soul on a level i did n't think was possible .
i turn my head and hear the distinct sound of a melon getting pummeled .
i brace myself before landing hard on my back with a jolt , and my head reverberates off the ground like a melon .
each one might benefit in the event i suffer an unfortunate accident - watch with great interest as my head explodes like a melon against the bright yellow floor .
her bright blue bandana slips off , revealing her smooth head , bald as a melon , and my heart explodes into a million fragments .
she would pack a lunch , crazy things like melon kabobs , and all of the locals would ask where we got them .
` ` so you 're the one that started the melon craze .
reese plucks it off , and the girls spring out like a pair of happy melons .
she 's got on a tight tank top , and her tits are perfectly outlined like twin melons begging to be set free .
he pulls melons , strawberries , grapes and peaches out of the fridge and i grab a cutting board and sharp knife and get started with my task .
it was filled with plates carrying plain , almond and chocolate croissants , a selection of marmalades and jams sitting in little china bowls , a piece of butter moulded into a fleur de lis , a crystal bowl filled with sliced melon and strawberries , a silver coffeepot and two delicate china cups , two stemmed glasses filled with orange juice , a folded newspaper and even a slim crystal vase holding a single red rose .
i slathered with lotion that smelled of cucumbers and melon and pulled a comb through my hair .
` ` i know a couple of girls you ' ve - '' ` ` none of them smelled of melons , tasted of cherries or ended up worth the effort , '' he said bluntly .
jet had given me three kinds of flavored lip gloss ( i 'd made the mistake of telling her about vance 's ` ` you smell of melons and taste of cherries '' comment and she got a bit overexcited ) , bubble gum , grape and of course cherry ( i went with grape for the evening ) .
i got my stuff , took a long bubble bath , lotioned up with cucumber melon and put on my new nightie , soft , pale lemon silk with an edge of peach lace that hit the tops of my thighs .
boo had given up the glare and started cleaning his face with his paw likely washing away cucumber melon lotion residue .
i asked , eyes on the melon .
i put down the knife , picked up a chunk of melon and popped it into my mouth .
i looked down at the melon and back at luke .
` ` i cut too much melon just for me .
i took another chunk of melon and chewed while glaring at him .
i nabbed another chunk of melon and chewed it angrily , now seriously glaring at him .
he took another chunk of melon and threw it in his mouth calmly then his eyes came back to me and i noticed he was totally oblivious to my glare .
i decided not to think about it as i watched him nab another chunk of melon and throw it in his mouth .
then he turned away , threw another chunk of melon into his mouth and started to make coffee .
nat splays her hands on the protruding melon that is tina 's baby bump as she talks to it .
his accusation is made jokingly , but his skin turns melon pink .
` ` you do n't wear perfume often , but when you do , it smells like cucumbers and melon .
jared glared ; if he had psychic powers , my head would be exploding like a melon right now .
` ` you hit your melon pretty hard falling down the stairs , so you need to stay awake , girl . ''
i could n't help but watch when she 'd whip out her giant melons in front of me .
` ` someone is hungry for a big melon . ''
` ` just remember , they now have first dibs on the melons . ''
i barely recognized you with those giant melons . ''
those lips were soft and moist , reminding him of a ripe honeydew melon before that first bite .
instead , the whales circled as the one they 'd freed gently pressed the bulbous hump on her head- melon , alexis called it - against each diver .
i felt empty and ill , like someone had taken a melon baller and scooped out my guts .
audrey choked on a piece of honeydew melon .
she is seven feet tall , with br**sts the size of honeydew melons , legs that start at her neck , bleached blond hair down to her ass , and her waist is this big around . ''
` ` i say , look at the melons on that lass , '' ian exclaimed , his gaze now on the tv .
when he 'd gone - and as bill had instructed me , i added a tip to the room ticket i signed - i ate everything he 'd brought : sausage and pancakes and a bowl of melon balls .
he removed the metal cover over his breakfast plate to reveal a western omelet accompanied by a small portion of breakfast potatoes and half a dozen slices of fresh melon .
he ate the melon because it was sweet and good for him , and drank the small glass of oj that had come alongside the coffeepot , and then he settled back to digest .
she shoves me back onto the sofa and yanks her sweater over her head , revealing a beige , lacy bra , encasing a set of mega - huge melons .
the keen tactical mind that had protected dorothea for so many decades had been split open like a melon and scraped clean .
she met him , look for look , and finally said in a voice so carefully neutral everyone knew she wanted to tear strips out of somebody , ` ` are you intending to help her into the wagon anytime soon , or are you waiting for that knee to swell up to the size of a melon ? ''
he heard squelchy sounds , like overripe melons being dropped on a hard floor .
chapter three ` ` it 's melon . ''
it 's pumpkin way before it 's marigold , but that does n't matter - because it 's melon . ''
` ` if you think that 's melon then you need your eyes examined , because it 's obviously- '' ` ` mimi , what do you think ?
` ` yes , mimi , look at this and tell me how in the world this is melon . ''
as i twisted to zip it up , i distinctly heard her mutter ` ` melon '' under her breath .
she offered , methodically separating her melon from her berries .
i kept it to myself as mimi perched happily on ryan 's lap , and neil fed sophia melon balls as though he was put on the earth for this reason and this reason alone .
the rest now lived in simon 's tummy , which he proudly thumped like a melon .
shuffling across the floor in his socks , with boxers low on his hips , he grinned through his sleep haze and burrowed into my side as i sliced melon and berries .
` ` not if he 's got gabe 's gigantic melon , '' ben said , reaching out and knuckling the top of gabe 's head .
` ` every melon in my family is fine , '' gabe said , handing the coronet to me and running a hand through his hair to settle it again .
before the main course , we were serving chilled melon soup and a mixed green salad with homemade balsamic vinaigrette .
she sat down to a lovely bowl of melon pieces , cantaloupe and honeydew , a few strawberries thrown in .
she thanked diallo for the lunch , even though all she 'd had was a few bites of melon that still sat uneasily in her craw .
he polished all the bottles as well , a kaleidoscope of ambers and blues , melons and greens against the mirrored wall .
gran speared a melon .
it was a really bright melon orange .
` ` a melon . ''
` ` melon ?
friction marks from the water rushing along the rostrum and melon . ''
darcy stroked the bulbous melon , the rubbery skin damp and cool to the touch .
he asked , pointing to the overly round , out of proportion , different - size melons poking from beneath her shirt .
he tilted his head to one side as she nibbled the melon , as if he were trying to look at her from a different perspective .
my three bunkmates and i were sent to a nearby tent after we finished , where cold water , fruit juice and sliced melon waited .
they have grapefruit , orange , nanna , mango , pineapple , avocado and round melons , i sent to lendill .
teeg 's body was between my legs as i sat on the bar in our bungalow , eating a slice of melon with my fingers .
i fed him a chunk of melon .
a ranos pistol from only a hand or two away will blow a large melon into microscopic fragments .
i turned to him while sniffing a melon .
i placed the melon in a basket nenzi held out .
` ` fetch me a slice of melon . ''
the head was oddly lumpy , with a lopsided appearance that made jamie think uncomfortably of a kicked - in melon , but the small fat mouth was relaxed and peaceful , the moist pink underlip quivering faintly with the snore attendant on the exhaustion of being born .
he raised it and repeated the process with great deliberation , making a horrid sound like a melon being cleaved with an ax .
as though someone had dropped a melon from some height .
tell that to the marines , my nervous system replied , at the sound of a muffled curse , the scuffle and crunch of dry leaves and breaking branches , and the sudden kicked - melon thump of a solid object meeting someone 's head .
she gets the attention of the bartender , quite easily i might add , and orders two melon balls .
brady peeled back the covering to show her a cheese and bread plate , a fruit plate loaded down with fresh strawberries , pineapple , kiwi , and melon , and another tray with finger food that they picked at as the afternoon sun faded into evening .
i helped myself to another slice of melon , and smiled .
my eyes focus in on the two melons stuffed behind her black fitted , deep - cut shirt .
a glass of fizzy lemon - lime soda and a dish of some melon sorbet rounded out the little meal that i had put together on a tray for emmie .
do n't know why i ' m dickering with this blacksmith for a grindstone , with a melon like that on hand .
chapter 7 : hot war unleashed just down the hall from the fifth floor boardroom , doctor carraveckys personal assistant was an attractive brunet who flaunted her round implants ( like honeydew melons ripe for the picking ) at every man who entered her executive workspace .
beside the trees were rows of bonsai melons , which ( the signs said ) had been grown into perfect geometrical shapes through a process called organic space restriction .
its better than a regular melon , their father observed .
not noticing , the garden employee went on , you see , the process can only be conducted on three melons per plant before a new plant has to be started .
the bulb tasted something like a melon .
some of the fruit tastes something like melons , while others taste like apples .
the giant cat dropped its shoulders and stepped forward , moving as slowly and smoothly as the sap of a blackbark , a bead of snow pushed over the face of the boulder by the press of a paw the size of a split melon .
the centurion barely had time to blink before whisper jammed the damascus steel blade through his visor , slicing into the trooper 's brain like a ripe melon .
with that , dante crushed the president 's head like a ripe melon .
she could nt conceive of eating any of the offerings , which included burnt sausages , slimy cheeses , dry crackers and sticky melon .
the zapheads skull exploded like a bloated melon , spraying the study with flecks of red and gray .
she had no jacket now , nor a shirt , and her breasts swung like sodden melons in the cups of her dirty bra .
boobs the size of melons .
boobs big as melons , he thought , licking his lips .
i tossed a piece of cantaloupe right in front of it , and watched an inch - wide head dart out from the shell and stab at the soft melon flesh .
one spry dancer with breasts like melons whirled next to brad , who reached down with his tongue hanging out .
jugs and bottles were slammed onto the table , and they were filled with grapes floating on amber mead , frothy cold drinks , coffee thick with gritty cocoa sludge , and chilled water served with chunks of red melon and crushed lemons .
his round melon rolled off of his neck and fell to the concrete with his body not far behind .
and i said two melons are enough !
and who said anything about melons anyway ?
the blue streak of lightning tore the hole when it missed my melon by almost three feet .
the space chicken and michael rowland daffodil had a grand compilation of fruits : slices of oranges , apples and pears , some grapes and grapefruits , a lot of peaches , apricots and mangoes , melons of all different shapes , sizes and colours and the finest plums , cherries , berries and strawberries you can think of .
the golden adornments of these huge slabs of wood pushed the copper trappings of the other portals into much lesser greatness , the metal bands two - hand spans wide , the ringed latches the diameter of small melons .
alia went full facial colouring , water melon red and nasturtium green clashing with her deep chocolate eyes .
in the kitchen he had noticed vegetables lying around : squash and beans , melons and tomatoes .
directly in front of her were snap - pea vines that reached to the top of a twenty - foot trellis , zucchini plants with leaves the size of elephant ears , and lettuce plants with heads already the size of water melons .
as a splurge , he ordered some melon to start .
the waitress brought the coffee and melon together .
he speared a melon cube .
he knew this was some of the first melon out of the hydroponic farm , making his enjoyment all the more sweet .
this melon had nt seen the real sun in all of its short life so it was wonderful that the scientists could get summer sun into its flavor .
the eggs and toast came as he finished his last bite of melon .
as she neared him on stage , she pretended to trip and spilt the drink down her perky , little melons .
like a deflated balloon ; like a shrivelled melon , dylain fiddled with his hands and still twitching , his jaws flapped uselessly as he muttered gibberish under his breath .
the head smashes like a ripe melon .
2.end 3_epigraph.start abby 's playlist to make ysenof sing : ` ` we will rock you '' - queen ` ` abracadabra '' - steve miller band ` ` another brick in the wall ( part 2 ) '' - pink floyd ` ` ymca '' - the village people ` ` you spin me round ( like a record ) '' - dead or alive ` ` manic monday '' - the bangles ` ` with or without you '' - u2 ` ` runnin ' down a dream '' - tom petty & the heartbreakers ` ` free fallin ' '' - tom petty ` ` what 's love got to do with it '' - tina turner ` ` i need you tonight '' - inxs ` ` love shack '' - the b-52s ` ` livin ' on a prayer '' - bon jovi ` ` no rain '' - blind melon ` ` losing my religion '' - r.e.m .
` ` you certainly should avoid aiming aspersions at an individual who could go gallagher on your mind melon , mr .
i ca n't comprehend that you 'd spend and expend the dead of dark to attend to pauline 's myriad of melon meshes without telling your friend !
my melon merited that close cropping block .
new - earth miniseries gavii fruit : a tangy melon fruit that originated on the planet paxel .
seth brought his boot down hard and squished the bernies head like an overripe melon before jogging the few yards back to the truck .
the elf tries to take aim and fires the spellshooter , but shockpaw spins the dwarf as a shield to take the hit from the small melon that emerged to simulate a fireball .
the melon explodes on the dwarfs back .
all abes needed was for the chief to weaken those wards for a second and he could put a hole the size of a melon through any part of that monster that he wanted .
after his heart warming speech a sniper opened his head like a melon .
we shall see nicole drove past an old shack and a few tents and rolled up to a stop out in front of an irrigated field of green melons .
i ' ve got the best melons in the state of nevada , giggled nicole , eat your heart out , baggins !
far out , you grow melons .
a flatbed truck drove slowly down between the lanes , as some of the woman tossed melons by hand up to other girls in the back of the truck .
damien herself owned melon farms in sinai , nevada , and gaza , utah .
after the melons were harvested in sinai , damien loaded judy and the sisters of st . barbara of the bombardiers onto an old school bus and drove up to gaza to harvest the last of the summer 's crop .
soon after bagging the vulture , i find a patch of wild melons and edible cacti .
the windows sounded like they were about to burst , the constant tap - tap - tap of smaller rocks interrupted every now and then by the whack of a stone the size of a melon .
she also tied her wand to her katana , with admirable results , such as when she once pointed her sword at a large melon on a table in the dining area , levitated it to her position .
his spherical , metal body was the size of a large melon .
` ` melons ?
it ripped into her and it happened fast , as if some hyperkinetic gourmet were taking a melon bailer to her flesh .
` ` i ' m not your little melon , '' leto said , responding to batigh .
the little melon on the desert 's edge offered its water to any finder .
he had a lot of jap vegetables that i never recognized , some beans and squash and melons , plus the usual beets and carrots and pumpkins .
big women with long braided blond hair and gleaming breastplates the size of melons ? ''
stumbling on a small melon in her haste to escape .
i ' m afraid , my friend , that your caravan will arrive to a saturated market - not to mention the fact that your melons will be slightly overripe . ''
he recognized the fruit , the soft caladan melon called paradan .
idaho took a bite of the melon , found it ripened perfectly .
idaho took a bite of the melon .
leto kept his attention directed outward where a thin melon slice of first moon drifted above the clouds with orange planet - light revealing the satellite 's full circle .
he towed eight large panniers piled with rough - skinned melons .
for example , i have been traveling east where we got that melon experiment in progress , and it seems like we 're about to be entirely successful in inducing the new england type of melon into growing here in this environment .
for example , i have been traveling east where we got that melon experiment in progress , and it seems like we 're about to be entirely successful in inducing the new england type of melon into growing here in this environment .
` ` but , '' arnie said , ` ` i got more on my mind than melons .
by the time constance interrupts us - what a pa , she even reminds me to eat - my head feels like an overripe melon .
the dark brown polyps would grow like melons filled with grain .
it was about the size of a small melon .
i took the liberty of purchasing a basket of the melons on my way here .
` ` i 'd suggest going soon ; those melons are perfectly ripe .
he grinned at garraty and ate the melon .
almost everyone had gotten a scrap of the melon , even if it was no more than a scrap of the pink meat clinging to a seed .
pushing julien out of the way , and mary beth , and then rowan , and groping for the fallen head , squashed fruit on the floor , breaking apart like a melon .
i ' ve been thumped on the melon before .
then , with a paper plate heaped high with chicken legs , melon slices , mushroom vol - au - vents , caviar puffs , and small venison sausages , she began to circle the room , staring intently at each and every angelic artefact .
like a rotten melon , the top of the mummy 's skull blew away explosively .
the trio fell backward , heads exploding like melons .
he eyed the remaining children , as if trying to pick out a ripe melon .
sausages , dark breads , steaming stews , porridges , aged cheeses , an assortment of blackberries , plums , and melons .
across the circle of highprinces , sebarial snorted loudly as he chewed on slices of melon .
more than once , i would walk into that blissful place carrying sandwiches bought from a sidewalk vendor to find the two men deep in conversation , bonmot 's wrinkled face further creased with laugh lines , his melon - bald head bowed and nodding as duncan hammered home some obscure point , duncan 's hands heavy with the weight of knowledge being expressed through them .
there was a long table set against one wall , a table laden with plates of sliced melon and figs and with flagons that promised other refreshments .
' the fruits and melons here are n't nearly as palatable as those you 'd find in matherion , ' kanzad apologized , ' but the local wines are n't entirely undrinkable . '
he found them sitting beneath a canopy at the side of their tent eating a melon .
then his eyes glazed as there was a sudden sound like that a melon might make when dropped on a stone floor as kurik deftly brained him with his spiked chain mace .
that blow should have split ulath 's head like a melon . '
lycheas shrieked once , and then his head flew out in a long , curving arc and landed on the onyx floor with a sickening sound such as a dropped melon might make .
' bring us some of the fresh melon , saboud , ' arasham told him .
the doe - eyed boy brought in the melons at that point , and the conversation shifted to more general matters .
sparhawk kept his eyes on his melon , which was surprisingly good .
silk was swearing as they entered the forest on the far side of the river , spitting out oaths like melon seeds .
his fingers curled around a tanned , more elegant hand than his ham - like one , and the muscle in his upper arm bulged like a small , dark melon .
the fruits are so ripe they explode in your mouth - melons , peaches , fireplums , you ' ve never tasted such sweetness .
i remember the smells of those nights , my lord - perfume and sweat , melons ripe to bursting , peaches and pomegranates , nightshade and moonbloom .
in the shadow of the wall , farmers stood beside their wagons , bellowing out , ` ` apples , the best apples , cheap at twice the price , '' and ` ` blood melons , sweet as honey , '' and ` ` turnips , onions , roots , here you go here , here you go , turnips , onions , roots , here you go here . ''
jhiqui roasted the meat with sweetgrass and firepods , basting it with honey as it cooked , and there were melons and pomegranates and plums and some queer eastern fruit dany did not know .
the morning was unnaturally warm ; beads of sweat dotted the lord commander 's broad forehead like dew on a melon .
he was armed with a ` ` morningstar '' whose head was a melon .
he trotted his broomstick around her , shouting ` ` traitor , traitor '' and whacking her over the head with the melon .
the melon flew to pieces .
the red - faced fool went sprawling , broomstick , melon , and all .
a naked man fell from the sky and landed on the deck , body bursting like a melon dropped from a tower .
` ` on second thoughts , '' he said when he had the horse in hand , ` ` let the poxy brats splatter on the cobbles like overripe melons . ''
six coppers for a melon , a silver stag for a bushel of corn , a dragon for a side of beef or six skinny piglets .
his head was bald as a melon , his nose red and peeling , but she knew that voice and those pale green eyes .
dogs barked , women shrieked , and moon boy made a great show of swaying perilously back and forth on his stilts , until lord gyles pulled a dripping red melon out of the shattered helm , at which point the stag knight poked his face up out of his armor , and another storm of laughter rocked the hall .
the gout had swollen and reddened his joints grotesquely ; his left knee was an apple , his right a melon , and his toes had turned to dark red grapes , so ripe it seemed as though a touch would burst them .
` ` she 'll bring eggs and butter and melons , all sorts of tasty things . ''
there had been a female cousin too , a chunky little widow with br**sts as big as melons whose husband and father had both died at storm 's end during the siege .
missandei returned with a melon and a bowl of hard - cooked eggs , but dany found she had no appetite .
a third of the way out , a wagon laden with melons had gotten its wheels tangled with one piled high with silken carpets and brought all wheeled traffic to a halt .
when said lord reached inside the helm and drew out a large purple melon dribbling pulp , he wheezed until his face turned the same color as the fruit .
hizdahr had stocked their box with flagons of chilled wine and sweetwater , with figs , dates , melons , and pomegranates , with pecans and peppers and a big bowl of honeyed locusts .
` ` if you lie to me , i will split your head open like a melon and let the monkeys eat your brains . ''
chop through a man 's neck with that thing , though , and his head is not like to turn into a melon . ''
sweet wine and soft cushions , figs and melons and honeyed locusts .
he swung the dead knight against the grey stone of the tower , again and again and again , until the man 's head was red and pulpy as a summer melon .
she remembered rearing horses , a food cart spilling melons as it overturned .
they were some sort of melons .
velondra looked at yurloft as she put down the last bit of melon .
he sat there patiently while they indulged in the greatness of the crackers , melon , and fresh water .
` ` , she handed me the paper , ` ` your first class is history with mr melon .
we both drink melon beverages and eat crispy chips with red hot salsa .
we munched on scrambled eggs , sausages , potato cakes , toast , and melon .
i managed to eat several pieces of honeydew melon and three strawberries .
the wind also brought the scent of baal - aarsh melons , which looked like volcanic rocks on the outside but were the most intense sunset orange within .
outside of reading and writing , he is a beginning swimmer , a gym hater , an avid gardener of sugar baby melons , and a lover of jokes .
the poor kids hand is the size of a melon !
it was the size of a small melon .
reynolds , here , has just about busted every knuckle on both of his hands on that solid melon of yours .
his face as big as a melon .
the hole was now the size of a melon , and croughs legs started to buckle and give way .
two melon sized balls of bluish light are floating just above my palms with the same color light connecting them to my hands .
mach raises his hands and sparks sizzle up from his palms before forming two melon sized balls of orange fire that hover over his hands .
as we walked along the rows of peas and beans , broccoli and melons , sally told me that the garden had been built years ago when the farm was really big .
i spin on the spot to see old mrs . cromarty chatting with one of her girlfriends in front of a fruit vendor , inspecting apples , oranges , and melons , placing them in burlap totes .
jessies eye is as big as a melon .
the moon was rising in the sky on the horizon , hanging full and heavy like a ripe melon .
the third was a more americanized feast of dates , grapes , melon and a dish of vanilla yogurt with three silver dollar pancakes oozing golden maple down their sides .
once there was no more food to distract her , beth focused on discreetly studying leon while pretending to search for more melon slices among the few pineapples pieces that still were in the bottom of the bowl .
or if you want something else like another fruit salad , with less melon , no pineapple and a lot more strawberries and peaches , i can do it .
hell fuck a melon if it has a hole .
full of panic and rage he kicked the body over and over again , stomping on its skull and crushing it like a melon .
have you been in the mad melons , son ?
if i squeeze this trigger once , you can kiss that melon goodbye .
i devour an english muffin with cream cheese , the mixed melon bowl and drink my tea .
she ladled another large spoonful of scrambled eggs on her plate , and added a couple of melon slices .
as i made my way to the kitchen my mother had a fruit medley going on with mangos , strawberries , blueberries , grapes , all types of melons , and kiwi .
images flashed passed , faster and faster ; succulent hams being hung up to cure , eggs sizzling in a frying pan , someone spreading honey over recently buttered toast , slices of juicy melon fanned out on a plate , rivers of treacle being siphoned into tins , an endless procession of gingerbread men on a conveyor belt .
the plywood sheet that served as a back door flew open and the large melon head of john mitty came poking through .
sometimes it was a bit of mango , other times a banana or a piece of melon , but always somehow by the end of the day something was there .
when i told him in no uncertain terms i was nt interested and mentioned my wonderful husband , he asked me if you re so wonderful , how come he saw you at some strip club hanging all over some young cutie with tits the size of melons ?
after daniel had texted her and she was snuggled under her blankets , she had let gunner sleep with her tonight and he was on the end of her bed snoring softly already , she closed her eyes remembering her kisses , as she relaxed , her breathing slowed and she felt herself drifting going to her secret place selah was in the park where she had met thomas , she walked over to the swings , as she got on and began pushing with her feet , higher , and highershe extended her arms and let the momentum of the swing carry her as she closed her eyes , her hair flowing with the windit felt great , she was so freeas the swing slowed down she pulled her arms against the rope sitting up , as she opened her eyesand saw a very tall , buff , blond demi - god leaning against the steel poles of the swing set , his biceps were the size of small honeydew melons , she noticed as he crossed his arms on his chest and he had an arrogant grin on his face , as he watched selah .
he carefully chose a number of mangoes , melons , clusters of grapes , then waited patiently while a woman patted dough into flat circles and baked them on a simple stove of clay , just like ogra would do in the early morning air .
edak studied his mentors face as he went about the marketplace buying melons , fish and bread , for it was nt likely he would see him again for many years .
deep - brown , nearly black men from kush toted baskets of melons and dates , sesame and castor oils .
through the seasons corn , beans , cucumbers and melons grew large and vigorous under his care .
ketzah was enjoying a warm , nearly wind - free day working in the melon patch .
leaving those two temples and pedalling his bicycle further onto the bagan plain as the sun rose higher in the sky , wil noticed a couple of large temples from a distance and isolated by fields of corn , melons and peanuts .
he was a foreigner visiting a temple few foreigners had and felt pretty chuffed about it all , and as he walked back across a melon patch , he grabbed a watermelon and broke it on a rock , eating one half of its contents with the juice running down his shirt .
melons , rice , and coconuts on brass trays are passed around by women in bright saris of purple and blue , flowers in their hair .
and sellers cheap ice - cream , cheap thracian melons , cheap slippers , cheap water .
the fruit bowl , with grapes and different types of melon , looked like it had been sitting out a few days .
it is a baked falafel pita bread sandwich with a chilly dip , and these are hot roasted water melon and pumpkin seeds .
` ` how about i pull out the surburito and crush that fat melon of yours right now ? ''
anne was bald as a melon when she was born .
` ` if you can call it a yacht , with no mast , no rudder , a ruined upper deck , and a hull as watertight as a machine - gunned melon . ''
typhoon wore deodorant in which predominated the acid flavour of electrocuted melon .
grabbed the fork , i sunk my teeth into some cold , ripe melons , enjoying the thoughtful gift .
he got up quickly to go hide in the bushes and while he was hiding there , he looked down and found a melon sized rock .
squeezing the tomatoes , shaking the melons , sniffing the flowers .
be careful now with them melons .
there will be a real brawling if any of those melons get busted now .
prized melons at away .
that s a big damn melon you got there and it looks quite delicious .
there was the watermelon olympics which paired local teams against each other in the melon roll , melon - toss , seed spitting contest and the all but welcome watermelon eating contest .
there was the watermelon olympics which paired local teams against each other in the melon roll , melon - toss , seed spitting contest and the all but welcome watermelon eating contest .
we could assume it was some of the best weather that day , or it could have been tabitha mellows beautiful breast popping out of her tank top during the melon roll , maybe even been that papa bill had snaked a water hose to the well behind the mens and womens restroom and limped around spraying any kid in sight , some allowing him to splash them , or it could have been russell prewl .
he watched judd bring in first place for weight of his melon .
he enjoyed watching the seed spitting contest as well as the melon roll and watermelon eating contest .
the only significant light on the street was from a corner grocery and spice store where the owner had strung a line of bare bulbs beneath a canvass canopy to spotlight his outside display of cassavas , melons and mangoes .
a melon breasted mermaid carved into talbots forearm surfs across his brow .
coins fall down its throat and onto the landlords pile , he pushes the fat red button and fruit flash by , settling on two cherries and a slice of melon .
two melons and a jack fill the line and he s offered six nudges , he squats down .
they could sell souvenir melons with your face on them .
sue was genuinely amazed , you mean you can hit a water melon , at almost twice the length of southend pier ?
i have never liked expressions that involve fruit except for the word melons , but that was a typical thing you could n't say to james .
half an hour later , we were sitting at the table , enjoying muffins , yogurt , and melon , when the doorbell rang .
here the wall was painted a warm melon color .
this beautiful young man would be talking to the beautiful young woman earnestly about their relationship and how she had hurt him , maybe and my heels would be on the melon crate rocking it back and forth , back and forth , back and forth , everytime just a little bit more , until one day , the inevitable happened and the crate tipped backward and that tv went crashing to the floor .
but then i returned inside , shaking the melon in order to check that the flesh had nt bruised .
nava fired it at a melon , and they measured the penetration .
the bullet hit the man in the front of his chest and tore through the back , leaving an opening the size of a melon .
tomatoes , peppers , cucumbers and the prerequisite melon varieties are among the crops on file , in neatly cultivated row after row after row .
but the women 's world under the pastel dome smelled of parched sagey weeds and corn dust , with maybe a hint of melon , split citron , and dwindling tree sap .
i dug deep for some change , paid and smiled as she handed me some sliced melon in a bag with a pointed stick .
i stretched down for my things - my bag was gone and so were the melon and my book .
she wore a tight white dress with a slit to show a little leg and her firm arse was as wide and as round as a water melon ; it showed through the creases of her dress whenever she took a shot .
the side of the fishermans head is soft against the steel shovel , giving way like a melon succumbs easily to a knife .
frank hinklins knee had swollen to the size of a melon for three days toby hoped this girl would suffer no worse .
while hunched over a cup of coffee in the snack bar , a woman with bleached blonde hair and melon - sized breasts she was proud of took a seat next to him .
gruber tapped him on the shoulder and sutler lifted his empty melon .
he ducked but did n't move back fast enough , and the ball hit him square in the ribs with the sickening sound of a melon landing on bricks .
the first time donna saw a ` ` jumper , '' she had nightmares about the mangled corpse for weeks afterward : bones erupting through the skin , skull collapsed like a rotten melon .
antonella smiled at rick as she nibbled on a tiny bit of melon .
when honeychile refused to make any suggestions , he chose melon , roast chicken a panglaise and vanilla icecream with hot chocolate sauce for her .
i shall have melon with prosciutto ham and a chocolate ice - cream .
he reached out with his two hands and grabbed her ripe melon breasts .
a simple white bikini top covered breasts as full , round and perfect as small honeydew melons .
but here , the past and the present and the future have all blended together and - ` ` at that second , she heard a shrill approaching whistle , looked up , and saw wally 's head explode into a red melon .
with one satisfying bullet , jon could shatter it like a melon .
finally , he found an area presided over by an old man with a split - melon smile .
he had a wide melon face distinctly slavic in character .
moments before , room service had wheeled in a breakfast of melon , tea , and scones .
` ` good for beans but my tomatoes and melons need some sunshine . ''
the boxwoods absorbed the load , and , much like a trampoline , recoiled and sent baggy to the sidewalk , where he landed like a melon and became the only casualty of the entire episode .
they stuffed him under some cardboard boxes filled with melons and berries .
` ` melon brandy .
the effects of the melon brandy linger until well after sunrise .
with the exception of one lady who was eating a melon at her desk and doing something else online , the clerks were off at lunch .
toward the end of dinner , as they dipped melon balls and strawberries into a pot of scalding chocolate , the conversation took an intimate turn .
it looked drab and grey , as it always did when inert , the size of a small melon and a texture that was curiously soft and pliant , like human skin .
and then there were bars with cleverly subtle names like hooters and melons and cheeks broken up by fast - food drive - through places and even drive - through liquor stores for the drunk on the go .
he thought of spitting on the sidewalk , the same sidewalk where his father had died from a busted melon .
jo screamed , her h*ps bucking on the table as nicholas buried his face between her legs as if she were a slice of melon .
scooping up a melon , i threw it at her , trying to break her charm before it was set .
madame lefoux offered alexia the platter of sliced melon .
floote intercepted the melon when alexia would have served herself .
in addition to the melon , chunks of crunchy , salted bread , white with flour , were on offer , as well as a hard , sharp yel ow cheese , apples , and a pitcher of some dark liquid that smel ed like heaven .
he began to hum a blind melon song . ` `
she could n't seem to stay focused on anything at allc not even the fruit and melon salad she was making for tonight 's celebration .
she smiled to herself as she gathered up the melon peels .
i was throwing melon scraps out for the deer and the tracks are all around the house .
the dull sound of a rotten melon bursting .
the metal rod met the back of his skull with the sound of a melon .
the countess went momentarily still , like a wasp atop a slice of melon .
i ' m thinking melon and mint .
tess passed a knot of tourists who 'd stopped to browse autumn melons and squash , weathering a chill that had little to do with the crisp fall air .
i was about to try to form some sensible words of gratitude when a fresh brace of slaves rushed in - nearly colliding with the departing crew - carrying baskets of everything edible that a marketplace could yield , including at least nine kinds of bread , jugs of oil , melons , green vegetables and much smoked food that would last for days - fish , beef and exotic sea creatures dried out to look like parchment .
she was just large in every conceivable way - huge shoulders , brawny arms , melon breasts , big hips , and chunky , muscular thighs and shins .
they were making a noise like steam escaping , or melon seeds being shaken .
damn , she was squeezing his behind as if checking melons for firmness .
and then there was a sharp , loud crack mixed with a sound like a ripe melon bursting , and something damp scattered all over her back .
then a shiny glory from the edge of the horizon and dark rose , cream , and even a green melon color in the sky , finally , a line of fire and in an instant all the colors change .
hild , tierney , and tera entered then , their arms laden with green bananas and another kind of small , round fruit that smelled like melon .
no handshake , no hug - just the click of each bottle of polish against the dresser : pale pink , coral , melon , white .
xavier shook it and palmed the offered c - note with surprising grace for someone with hands as big as a melon .
i made another hole , took a pearl , which was about the size of a honeydew melon , from the cart , and slid it into the soil .
i 'd shoot him somewhere remote , his head would explode like a melon , and they would never find his body .
berries , dark chocolate , tangy melon .
we sliced up fresh melon and ate it .
it 's filled with broccoli as big as melons .
reid stops me from turning , one hand on my shoulder , his fingers in my hair , plucking a thin slice of orange melon from my ponytail .
blake leaned close to stormy and peered at the teeth rakings on his melon .
softly , blake reached out and stroked his fingers on the newborn 's melon .
as i arrange a plate of fruit , i take my time and cut little pieces of banana and melon in these shapes jessica 's mom taught me .
do n't leave me out here , pap , do n't ... '' i hear a sound like an ax splitting a melon and i know a tomahawk has ended ezekiel beam 's concern over what must be katy deere 's arrow and over his own miserable life , as well .
and blind melon t - shirts . ''
her soon - to - be stepmother , isabel , and kate were already at the table , eating bowls of cut - up melon and cottage cheese .
` ` melon ? ''
kate took a dainty bite of melon .
` ` and do n't worry , '' kate said , taking another bite of melon .
her melon - colored hoodie stretched tight across them , making them look rather like melons themselves .
her melon - colored hoodie stretched tight across them , making them look rather like melons themselves .
kate kept eating her melon .
hanna was so outraged , she wanted to throw kate 's melon across the kitchen .
dessert was laid on the side table : honey mousse , a walnut and melon compote , and a tower of pastries covered in clouds of spun sugar that was n't meant to be eaten so much as ogled .
we 'd given her a ton of stuff to remember - the bread had to be the club 's signature gluten - free variety and the fruit salad could contain only grapes , pineapple , and star fruit - no melon or strawberries .
` ` melon on a waffle ? ''
i was afraid to close my eyes because i feared i 'd see sam sprawled on the ground with her head split open like a melon .
my sole thought in that moment was that it was a good thing i was sitting on grass because my head would have cracked like a spoiled melon if we 'd been on the concrete pool deck .
it had large seeds in the middle , each one as big as a melon .
he had walked a long time , and even through his dark glasses he could make out the green and red blossoms , the purple fruit on the branches , the orange melons on the vines .
they moved like a well - oiled machine : placing bowls on the tables , testing a pitcher of hot chocolate with a finger , cutting a pink melon into slices .
they sideswiped an open - market fruit stand and sent a fountain of spiny - skinned melons into the air .
the foyer - a term with which i was now familiar from mom 's reading off the little bly real - estate sites - was big enough that you could park a couple of cars inside it , and was decorated in a harmony of tropical life savers colors : banana , melon , fruit punch .
my head felt mushy as an overripe melon .
they called out to the pedestrians , luring their attention toward melons , marionettes , sausages , and tiny wooden deer that walked around on their own .
rocks ranging in size from apples to melons littered the floor of the creek , making footing treacherous .
stuff that had n't rotted yet , especially with the cold : gnawed melon rinds , leathery apple cores .
alejo felt a grin coming on , and he plopped down at the table , pushing aside an ugly vase of melon - colored , gold - coated roses .
i immediately recognized tomatoes , melons , lettuce , green beans and a myriad of other produce .
both girls flushed with recognition and quit screaming , then noticed he held a melon in the other hand , which he was cutting up for a fruit tray for breakfast .
he then realized he was laying on his back , looking up at the sky , his head burst open like a melon .
they were wrapped around a perfectly round orb the size of a melon and were composed in a shaky hand , as though transcribed moments before deaths cold grip seized hold of the author .
he placed his order for the lighter serving of cantaloupe , melon slices and strawberries .
elaina tried to sit up , but her head felt like a ripe melon just ready to split .
heads exploding like melons ?
this one has the most markings on his suit , he mused , sounding like he was picking a melon at the grocery store .
why do nt we just drive through a plate of glass carried by a couple of plate glass delivery guys , then crush a fruit wagon full of melons or oranges ?
the walls are covered with lattice , which hold up tomato plants , beans , and melons on the lower regions .
it broke like a ripe melon .
the distinctive knotted melon - shaped heads and cold black bodies rose and fell quietly in a deep bay .
you have to work the old think melon , kendall said and thumped daniel on the head .
the sun was low in the sky and cast a melon - colored hue over the landscape .
the sun was setting and turning the sky melon as the column pulled within shouting distance of the feeble barricade .
it shot between them playfully , squeezed into a tight little ball , bounced off pink palm trees , whistled a happy tune , turned into a huge melon and crashed on her head .
* * * in the dining room over fresh orange juice and slices of melon katherine said , i am still angry but i need to know , have you any more secrets ?
the chamber was dim except for a small glass globe no bigger than a large melon , which shone with images of a bright blue sky laced with white clouds .
trecille was happy to see some unauthorized imitations of her fashion line , and tomika was happy to see a convenience store where she bought a rice ball and a bottle of melon soda .
she nibbled on it and finished the rest of her melon soda as the group followed nanas guiding to the vastly wider meiji street .
si , he replied , and melon patches .
my mouth is watering at the thought of a juicy melon .
we did , and the boy brought us a bowl with some bread and some melon slices .
my head throbbed with pain , as if it had split open like a melon .
the observant - eye spell normally placed a non - corporeal eye the size of a melon over top of the head of the one the spell was cast on ; it had tentacles like a jellyfish .
lyge lifted the melon sized egg as he said , the nit of the pyroworm is filled with an oil - like substance that when lit can burn through anything .
< < > > after an amazing dinner of crab cakes drizzled with volcano sauce , accompanied by mrs . yans five treasure rice , and a controversial side dish of bitter melon with pork ; matthew and katharine wandered out to lean on the port side railing of the pelican .
the guard 's headit was like a melon whichmy mind tried to blot it from memory , and i turned back to what mattered .
that there scriblin done mucked up your brain , gideon tapped a finger against aspens skull , the way a farmer tests a melon for ripeness .
you re just a - figrin ill answer on acount - a you gettin your melon thumped .
beans , peas , squash , onions , berries , nuts , cabbages , yams , wheat , oats , peanuts , okra , black - eyed peas , tomatoes , rice , oranges , melons , chocolate , southern women were the great gardeners , hunters , fishers , and cookers that survived the civil war and the great depression up until now , laughs with the beaus .
he was almost ready to give up when he found lefay eating a melon .
lefay looked at him searchingly , sighed then resumed eating the unripe melon .
anytime , anytime , lefay mumbled back , sniffing at another melon , hoping this one would be ripe .
one heap consisted of desert melon halves scraped empty that a thousand flies called home .
many of these small , bitter - tasting melons were lying around in the sand between the thorn trees .
kalin picked up a rock the size of a melon and bounced it in his hand , letting the beast know he was nt going down without a fight .
brian nodded and piled into the car with the twins to see the doctor melon .
it was late in the day as the doctor melons home came into view , and brian smiled the smile of a man that knew his place in things , and understood his destiny .
the frail , old body of doctor melon came out , wiping his eyes .
the guns fired in a short , one second burst , riddling melon with hundreds of bullets .
sat down in the most far away table he could find and ordered a cachapa with hand cheese and a rock melon juice .
this time it was the thud of a melon being hit by a hammer .
i yawned again , stretching my arms wide then bringing my fists in to make all the muscles along my back and shoulders bulge up like melons on a vine .
i fear he has overindulged in the delights of this fair city and looks as ready to burst as an over - ripe melon .
here 's your winter melon soup , jules .
` ` eww , '' jules said , bravely spooning up another dose of winter melon .
the lotus blossoms , amaranths * and palms enriched the zephyrs with their fragrant balms , and rainbow - colored lovebirds trilled among the vines , where grapes the size of melons hung .
there were breads and cheeses , melons and berries , and curious little pink - and - white crescents she had never seen before arranged around glass bowls of lumpy red sauce .
and now his head felt like an overripe melon .
instead of the wardens head popping like an overripe melon , a chunk of wood on the edge of the wagon exploded into shards .
she smelled like stale cigarettes and cucumber melon .
slowly he lifted the spear in his hand , and thrust it with all his might into a large table filled with bowls of fruit and melon causing much of it to plunge to the ground , making a large crashing noise .
in the center of his chest was a melon sized hole which once housed a swirling crystal orb .
i never wanted it- , but his words were silenced as oggy 's war hammer exploded festus rottenback 's head like a melon .
the sugary crispness of ripe honeydew melon , the touch of a moscatos harsher sweetness , the double bitter bite of coffee beans covered in silky , rich , decadent dark chocolate .
there were also large blocks of c4 the size of melons , enough to level moons building to the ground , and perhaps half the city .
i have to say , cracky , i d never have guessed that melon , garlic and chicken would work so well together .
cracky supplied the cats with some of his special melon chicken and some saucers of milk .
the soft scent of melon accompanied her words .
placing attentions back on julian , she took another mouthful of melon , forcing all other thoughts to be gone .
a punch that could stun a man could suddenly cave in his head like a ripe melon when fists of flesh were replaced with fists of metal .
the tall ones chain mesh draped like a tent across his skinny frame and the short one 's was tight upon his bulging stomach , giving the impression that he was attempting to smuggle a melon beneath his mail .
a melon .
no , frantz knew about these melons .
curiosity flagged , frantz bends and settles the melon down .
he sees the men , down below , passing these melons , specially created , using them as they would any piss - pot , but here being sperm - pots .
otto watches the incubi and succubi pass along the melons , and like gleeful thieves steal into the night with their fluid treasure of unbaptized soul .
a melon appeared upon the table mid - set on the captains deck .
devouringall at once , the shock of roots becoming herself as root , turning without moving and being now all the breasts which she sees : twenty - someodd breasts , of all shapes and sizes , flitting through her mind in outside wordsboobs , teats , knockers , bags , bazooms , bazongas , apples , balloons , chubbies , cream - jugs , dugs , dumplings , melons , hooters , love tips , maracas , marshmallows , nuggets , wallopies , peaches , watermelons , upper - deck , milk - bottles , nubbies , oranges , diddies , gazongasmilky wayshuddering to a halt at milky way , for this was proper , proportionate : all these , together , cosmiclike shooting stars and flocks of asteroids and swirling planets around herself as eternal source ... so all came : each passing through her by becoming herher individuality their common body ... kissing her lips to become their lips , stroking her forearm to become their forearm , licking her clit to become their clit , hugging her to become their hug ... each and all one skindalores : a common thought ... dalores , a common word ... the only wordword unto deafness , for she can no longer hear her word , no longer sense her nose , no longer wiggle her toes , no longer lay down and spread her legs frankyoure ever so thoughtful .
the tall one 's chain mesh draped like a tent across his skinny frame and the short one 's was tight over his bulging stomach , giving the impression that he was attempting to smuggle a melon beneath his mail .
absently , she scratched her flank as she waited for the sound of bronze grinding against wood , gulls crying above the inevitable shriek , a pompous melon exploding in a barrel .
as he lowered his visored stare upon lenk 's head , he undoubtedly figured that his weapon would split a melon just as well .
within the wound , through blackened ribs , she saw it : barely visible in the darkness , but round and swollen like an overripe melon .
such blows from a greenshict were legendary , the sticks splitting open heads as easily as they did melons .
that gleam , anyway , is what i deduce from the times i can stand looking in those giant melons they call eyes .
squatting on stubby legs beside the stream , fishing pole in hand , the owauku took one eye off of the lure bobbing in the water and rotated it slowly to regard the rogue with as much narrowed ire as one could manage with eyes the size of melons .
before anyone could ask , the rogue slipped behind a nearby bone and returned , shoving what appeared to be a walking , bound , bruised melon before him .
he heard the sound of a melon splitting , a sack of fruits hitting the earth .
shadow took some melon , a bagel , and a packet of cream cheese .
by the third day he was raving , and his head had swollen and grown soft , like an old melon .
if st . domingo had been a lush black earth for the african gods to grow in , this land , with its corn and its melons , its crawfish and its cotton , was barren and infertile .
it gave us melon and squash and turkey .
the sky burns in shades of red , orange , melon , and lavender , and the waters of the bay seem to be dancing quicksilver .
it broke with a wet , hollow thunk , like the sound of a melon being smashed open , and the lizard fell to the earth , abruptly and totally limp .
the creatures sounded like splitting melons when he hit them in the torso .
also , she 'll open my head like a melon .
so i had to solve this problem with my brain ; too bad it was muzzy and felt like a melon atop my shoulders .
` ` i 'd do one of us way before some socal bimbo with plastic melons and a spray tan . ''
a slight , stoop - shouldered midwingman of sixteen like cavendish could not clout richard handes , a man of thirty and four with fists the size of melons and a mouth full of teeth broken in dockside brawls .
and logan 's severed head pops like a melon dropped from a great height .
` ` makes him look honest when they dig his wife up from the melon patch . ''
` ` i do n't mean in the melon patch . ''
muscles the size of melons bulged in forearms like flour sacks .
their skins were the colour of walnut husks , and under it muscles bulged like sacks of melons .
about the only fruit not on it somewhere was a melon .
the great god om tried to stay in the shade of a melon vine .
` ` hoeing the melons , master , '' said brutha .
` ` melons .
he got on with the melons .
he felt capable of understanding melons .
he got extra melons instead .
` ` well , they might all talk , '' said brutha conscientiously , demonstrating the very personal kind of logic that got him extra melons .
` ` i do n't think he even knows what a melon is . ` `
master , there 's a tortoise who says - master , this tortoise wants - master , guess what , i heard from this tortoise in the melons that- brutha would never have dared to think of himself as a prophet , but he had a shrewd idea of the outcome of any interview that began in this way .
he cursed a melon unto the eighth generation , but nothing happened .
the melon just sat there , ripening slightly .
the tribes of beetles and melons would wish they 'd never been created .
it seemed to be full of melons and pumpkins and cucumbers .
around a fine stand of tall decorative klatchian corn , bean vines raised red and white blossoms towards the sun ; in between the bean rows , melons baked gently on the dusty soil .
he knew how he 'd got in - he glared in dull terror at the tiny dot in the sky that the eye of memory knew was an eagle - and he 'd better find a more terrestrial way out unless he wanted to spend the next month hiding under a melon leaf .
besides , if he was going to be away for a while , he ought to mulch the melons and explain things to lu - tze .
let there be slices of melon ! ''
` ` you had a whole melon rind last night . ''
` ` and who had the melon , eh ? ''
om was still on the table , staring fixedly at the melon .
` ` now cut the melon . ''
` ` cut the melon . ''
` ` cut the melon ! ''
cut the damn melon ! ''
` ` and now cut the melon . ''
now cut the damn melon . ''
` ` you know , melons grow wild in the wilderness .
the years i ' ve spent eating dead leaves a goat 'd spit out , right next to a crop of melons .
there 's still some melon .
it was sit ? ting on the table , between a rolled - up scroll and a gnawed melon rind and , insofar as it was possible to tell with tortoises , was asleep .
in the front row , the ape opened his bag and produced a very large melon .
' hit the man over the head with a melon and thumped him into the strawberries and kicked him in the nuts and set fire to his stall and stole all the money ? '
cohen looked disdainfully at the small melon he had managed to skewer in his flight .
he just stood holding the melon , with his mouth open .
he handed the melon to the dwarf without looking at him and walked out into the sunlight .
the sort made from melons and coconuts and chocolate and suchlike , don'tcherknow .
+ + + melon melon melon + + + error at address : 14 , treacle mine road , ankhmorpork+++ ! ! ! ! !
+ + + melon melon melon + + + error at address : 14 , treacle mine road , ankhmorpork+++ ! ! ! ! !
+ + + melon melon melon + + + error at address : 14 , treacle mine road , ankhmorpork+++ ! ! ! ! !
hex wrote : + + + hi mum is testing + + + melon melon melon + + + out of cheese error + + + ! ! ! ! !
hex wrote : + + + hi mum is testing + + + melon melon melon + + + out of cheese error + + + ! ! ! ! !
said susan , pulling at a large melon .
+ + + out of cheese error + + + melon melon melon + + + redo from start + + + ' thank you .
+ + + out of cheese error + + + melon melon melon + + + redo from start + + + ' thank you .
+ + + out of cheese error + + + melon melon melon + + + redo from start + + + ' thank you .
among the more identifiable foodstuffs were a number of green melons .
but it 's just melons . '
to colon 's growing surprise he did not seem to be watching the tumbling melons at all .
' four melons and three knives , ' he said .
three melons dropped to the ground , cut cleanly in two .
and sergeant colon looked up and into a growing , greenish , expanding the melon exploded , and so did the audience , but both their laughter and the humour was slightly lost on colon as he scraped over - ripe pith out of his cars .
the patrician scooped up three melon halves and positively skipped over to a stall that a woman had just set up , snatching an egg from a basket as he went past .
and here we have a - melon rind !
egg , melon !
we put the melon over the egg ! '
lord vetinari lifted the melon .
' yes , of course ... oh dear , it is n't ... ' the crowd looked at the last melon .
lord vetinari raised the melon nevertheless , and the crowd nodded in satisfaction .
' after ankh - morpork , sergeant , a handful of flying melons present a very minor problem indeed . '
because it 's better than growing melons all day .
you were all but making suggestive comments about melons .
the thing that the senior wrangler insisted on calling the ' melon boat ' was , even the dean admitted , very impressive .
the green deck of the melon boat had been divided into a male and female section , for the sake of decency .
' look here ' your br**sts are like , like , ' the seriph swayed sideways a little , and gave a brief , sorrowful glance at the empty bottle , ' are like the jewelled melons in the fabled gardens of dawn . '
i know jewelled melons when i see them .
no - one had ever referred to her br**sts as jewelled melons before .
' they mainly grow melons and garlic and that kind of thing .
the humblest melon farmer has a lineage that makes kings elsewhere look like mayflies .
i mean , that man could make a melon go rusty ! ''
more like a melon ... covered in chain mail .
i know how to operate a melon scooper .
i think melons and bananas were probably all you needed ) .
he heard the gun roar and felt its awful kick , and saw damon julian 's pale smile and dark curls burst apart , like a melon thrown from a height , a melon filled with blood .
he heard the gun roar and felt its awful kick , and saw damon julian 's pale smile and dark curls burst apart , like a melon thrown from a height , a melon filled with blood .
a moment later , there was a sound not unlike a knife sinking into a melon .
i load a plate with eggs , sausages , batter cakes covered in thick orange preserves , slices of pale purple melon .
dismembered limbs lay stacked like corded wood in a far corner , the head with its staring eyes placed like a melon on the top .
she was tall , six feet one at least , and big - her shoulders were wide and soft and dark brown , her breasts the size of melons , and her belly a large , pendulous pod that pooched out her size xxxl tee - shirts and hung over the sweatpants she always wore .
mr lefferts took her to a tiny italian place called delia femmina , the nicest restaurant rosie had ever been in , and while she was eating her melon , he offered her what he called ` ` a more solid business arrangement . ''
i threw the hand of blood into those wounds , and split her open like a ripe melon thrown to the ground .
her skull would have cracked like a melon on that concrete .
there were turkeys and geese and peacocks , there were boars ' heads and sides of venison , there were pies shaped like ships under full sail or like dragons and elephants , there were ice puddings and bright lobsters and gleaming salmon , there were nuts and grapes , pineapples and peaches , pomegranates and melons and tomatoes .
he pointed toward the field beyond the road , where rows of melons were shriveling on the vines .
dunk knew just how the melons felt .
his head looks like one of those shriveled melons that we passed .
one village sat amongst bean fields , one planted mostly barleycorn , and the third cultivated rows of cabbages , carrots , onions , turnips , and melons .
no one wanted to be a cabbage or a turnip , so the last lot became the melons .
they ended up with four barleycorns , two melons , and two beans .
` ` i did not mean to say that your ladyship built the dam herself , only that ... without that water , all our crops will die ... the smallfolk have beans and barley in the fields , and melons .. ` ` .
i am very fond of melons '' .
` ` what sort of melons are they ? ''
` ` he has melons in the fields , beans and barleycorn , and .. ` ` .
the melons , beans , and barleycorns were listening to all they said .
the melons went one way , the beans another , the barleycorns a third .
' they did a rather grainy picture of a young lady with enormous melons . '
' no , they were just enormous melons .
vanin always looked so ridiculous , perched like a melon atop the back of his horse , his feet sticking out to the sides .
it punctured stone as easily as a spear went through a melon .
we had delicious melons and cucumbers from our own soil .
the fire was built high and roaring under the black medieval mantel , and the candles flickered and smoked down the length of the table , amid platters of roast lamb fragrant with garlic and rosemary , glazed duckling , steaming broccoli , italian squash , heaps of unpeeled potatoes , artichoke hearts tossed with oil , and roasted onions , freshly sliced bananas and melon , and hot freshly baked bread .
she giggled and grabbed his bicep , giving it a squeeze as one might a ripe melon .
her massive melon head jerked up and she stared at me like i was her enemy .
as he passed , i caught the telltale cucumber - melon scent of his favorite hand sanitizer .
entering the farmers market to purchase a few fresh vegetables for home , he noticed her struggling to gather together an array of late spring melons that had tumbled into the street as she attempted to sample one .
rushing to help her retrieve the melons that had rolled beneath several parked trucks and carts , brought to martin in a few short months a treasured friend and lover and devoted wife .
also purchased 6 casks water , some baskets lemons , melons , plantains . ''
seeds of melons , cucumber , lettuce , and coriander are pounded , and then blended with rosewater , pomegranate essence , and juice of the aloe flower .
a silver chalice of fresh fruit appeared beside hawksworth , brimming with mangoes , oranges larger than he had ever before seen , slices of melon , and other unknown fruits of varied colors .
its body was shaped like a huge pear cut in half lengthwise , with the back a glistening melon of curved cedar staves and the face a polished cherry .
the moghul had melons brought by runner from kabul , pomegranates and pears from samarkand , apples from kashmir , pineapples from goa . ''
it was filled with fruits and melons .
` ` the first is for fruit and melons .
some , like the one for fruits and melons , were raised on a platform above the ground , while others were two - story , with an interior stair .
the satin tents that had held the melons , the pan leaves , the kitchenall were deserted , empty .
the soil itself gave forth moist melons , wild cucumbers , and the red apples of the prickly cactus .
she settled into the lounge beside him , and reached for a melon slice .
the small kernel in cassius 's belly became thick and wide as a melon .
they learned the region was rich in food , with tribes growing corn , beans , melons , and squash .
lizzy was of indeterminate age with a deep lined face looking like a dried up melon .
while the river buffeted the felucca , he imagined the flexing inundation heft barley , onion and melon from deep in the ground .
around him , a mural on the walls depicted fields of ready - for - harvest barley , leeks , melons , grape vines , fig sycamores and date palms .
if you feel as i do , you wish to drink our kisses , sweet as melon .
paser arranged alabaster bowls of honey , melon and plum wine beside his daughter .
pieces of green melon sat on the ground between her splayed legs .
khufu turned his eyes to the eastern shore , seeing a family of six sitting on their haunches sorting melons .
a little daughter wearing a red bandana began to gnaw at a melon .
no matter how hungry the child might be , they had melons only for trade to a passing barge , not to eat .
you call these melons ?
a rotten melon .
khufu wiped at the chunks of melon oozing down his arm .
the four priests remaining in the mortuary temple transferred offerings of black wine , black beer , onions , garlic , bread , lettuce , dates , melon , and vases of oil to the northwest corner near the doorway that opened onto the pyramid .
overripe melons perfumed the air .
a thin cook in a white apron blew across brown grass and around leafless topiaries to the melon cart .
wrapping his arm around her shoulders , he hauled her to the front of the melon cart .
the thin maid arched an eyebrow and placed the canary melon in the basket at her feet .
but ill take a melon .
luc stole the melon from its perch and shoved it at madeline .
cradling the melon , she nodded once .
the farmer lifted another canary melon from the hand cart and offered it to the maid .
spread out on the blanket are fruits and melons recently picked from their garden and the orchard .
he sat down at the kitchen table and eagerly tucked into his plate of corn bread , fried potatoes , pork , and melon .
at last she wiped her brow and sat down on an overturned bucket to gaze contentedly at her labors : row after row of squash , peas , melons , cabbage , and a row of pumpkins that would surely win her the first prize at the nauvoo fair next fall .
his head exploded like a ripe melon .
honeydew : zz the broadsword - 3.0 - z food a canteloupe - like melon .
honeydew a canteloupe - like melon .
occultation - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 occultation 268 the 139 and 126 a 77 she 75 her 68 of 60 to 60 i 58 in 49 he 47 it 44 you 41 his 38 was 35 on 30 that 30 said 28 what 28 with 25 for 23 like 21 over 18 i ' m 18 then 18 out 16 were 16 into 16 so 15 as 15 from 15 had 15 is 15 there 15 they 14 no 14 about 13 if 13 this 13 at 13 my 13 them 13 not 12 back 12 when 11 something 11 right 11 way 11 do n't 11 up 11 it 's 11 light 11 across 10 me 10 him 10 shadow 10 cigarette 10 head 10 around 9 by 9 could 9 an 9 bed 9 there 's 9 some 9 against 9 one 8 that 's 8 get 8 go 8 its 8 just 8 be 8 wall 8 mo 8 know 8 but 8 off 8 all 8 story 7 who 7 went 7 your 7 more 7 their 7 eyes 7 are 7 through 7 night 7 been 7 room 6 going 6 or 6 dark 6 little 6 you 're 6 now 6 got 6 time 6 bit 6 few 6 think 6 hell 6 arm 6 maybe 6 scary 6 here 6 body 6 dunno 6 do 6 hand 6 while 6 see 6 ca n't 6 thing 5 even 5 shit 5 earlier 5 came 5 desert 5 again 5 other 5 made 5 edge 5 until 5 lay 5 black 5 pack 5 honey 5 down 5 uncle 5 book 5 thought 5 shoulder 4 sleep 4 would 4 he 'd 4 want 4 those 4 turn 4 under 4 after 4 bible 4 why 4 another 4 yeah 4 baby 4 man 4 coyotes 4 too 4 tortoise 4 bottle 4 began 4 place 4 oh 4 getting 4 water 4 half 4 stars 4 thus 4 ass 4 between 4 did n't 4 weird 4 finally 4 window 4 leave 4 door 4 she 'd 3 sheets 3 blinds 3 matter 3 really 3 hear 3 talking 3 cigarettes 3 purse 3 flame 3 was n't 3 away 3 rod 3 move 3 we 3 great 3 kind 3 motel 3 did 3 any 3 look 3 part 3 where 3 only 3 probably 3 come 3 paper 3 toward 3 handed 3 ahead 3 glass 3 what 's 3 toilet 3 well 3 world 3 shot 3 tequila 3 pages 3 knew 3 nothing 3 lighted 3 old 3 girl 3 fingers 3 hate 3 anyway 3 bathroom 3 listening 3 every 3 family 3 smoked 3 lighter 3 happened 3 face 3 rock 3 might 3 started 3 outta 3 filipino 3 bucks 3 i 'd 3 deep 3 biggie 3 raised 3 though 3 kill 3 shore 3 worm 3 small 3 found 3 saw 2 dropped 2 belonged 2 wait 2 wo n't 2 wheel 2 breath 2 figured 2 drunk 2 already 2 marines 2 disgust 2 yellow 2 smacked 2 gentleman 2 icy 2 dug 2 drinking 2 relief 2 dunes 2 doing 2 third 2 boy 2 bottom 2 stuff 2 scrub 2 appear 2 pickup 2 never 2 many 2 dresser 2 god 2 crap 2 billy 2 damned 2 they 'd 2 alone 2 later 2 kept 2 poured 2 past 2 gave 2 our 2 grope 2 yep 2 end 2 than 2 highway 2 platoon 2 pissing 2 sure 2 pretty 2 lying 2 voice 2 prostate 2 inspection 2 sounds 2 left 2 knows 2 fucked 2 good 2 roll 2 last 2 next 2 almost 2 comical 2 drivers 2 big 2 flying 2 middle 2 else 2 playing 2 hiding 2 laughing 2 thumb 2 hundred 2 seemed 2 parents 2 nobody 2 clap 2 okay 2 frantic 2 office 2 ball 2 leaned 2 r 2 being 2 gravel 2 hers 2 hard 2 exhaled 2 also 2 coming 2 rica 2 chuckled 2 forth 2 wah 2 clerk 2 illumination 2 has 2 turned 2 guys 2 lamp 2 lot 2 fleshy 2 moved 2 pop 2 trying 2 above 2 lots 2 beak 2 check 2 naked 2 eye 2 told 2 spider 2 bar 2 fine 2 hide 2 watch 2 doors 2 meanwhile 2 shell 2 jeans 2 house 2 giant 2 need 2 does 2 outside 2 laugh 2 mom 2 tears 2 car 2 blankets 2 pants 2 pussy 2 stain 2 during 2 faint 2 have 2 mo 's 2 ears 2 opposite 2 whatever 2 caught 2 kicking 2 vending 2 pushed 2 care 2 yanked 2 case 2 we 're 2 jawbreaker 2 girls 2 cold 2 own 2 crawled 2 coyote 2 seat 2 thick 2 please 2 fucking 2 aside 2 couple 2 hands 2 spine 2 long 2 took 2 peephole 2 feel 2 second 2 leg 2 whether 2 three 2 apeshit 2 finished 2 find 2 let 2 wind 2 cover 2 will 2 quite 2 cause 2 tar 2 owe 2 moral 2 pitch 2 disturbing 2 cop 2 frequent 2 chain 2 put 2 incident 2 blotch 2 looked 2 taking 2 children 2 television 2 pulled 2 ever 2 machines 2 taxi 2 she 's 2 bored 2 sideways 2 done 2 got ta 2 idea 2 broad 2 costa 2 moving 2 gloom 2 sign 2 colony 2 laughed 2 enlarged 2 glowed 2 bibles 2 cried 2 shaking 2 floor 2 tried 2 noticed 2 size 2 side 2 town 2 short 2 volkswagen 2 anything 2 us 2 along 2 years 2 drop 2 lap 2 remained 1 descended 1 calm 1 strained 1 gray 1 twenty 1 fuck 1 steadily 1 super 1 can 1 wild 1 lunar 1 bushed 1 shin 1 cool 1 grunts 1 documentary 1 lies 1 resembled 1 gone 1 flopped 1 ran 1 goddamned 1 crown 1 fuckers 1 sink 1 squatted 1 stripper 1 musk 1 snicked 1 ear 1 item 1 knots 1 show 1 burr 1 spook 1 surprise 1 describing 1 ghost 1 echoing 1 cares 1 arms 1 drain 1 big - ass 1 redoubled 1 happy 1 nest 1 sidled 1 vast 1 bearing 1 nco 1 seconds 1 horns 1 real 1 set 1 torch 1 counting 1 antiquarians 1 white 1 rob 1 bats 1 dragged 1 cabinet 1 both 1 camels 1 barhopping 1 eventually 1 rushing 1 bleed 1 shut 1 nightstand 1 sloshed 1 pass 1 eating 1 sobbing 1 wet 1 chorus 1 anxious 1 object 1 creeped 1 huge 1 whorehouses 1 restlessly 1 reflections 1 tree 1 dumped 1 dilate 1 oblivious 1 behind 1 bad 1 chocolaty 1 ashes 1 haunted 1 patently 1 horrible 1 hairy 1 kay 1 smear 1 bills 1 foreign 1 bleeding 1 recommended 1 rigidly 1 bottles 1 we 'll 1 licks 1 save 1 foot 1 prime 1 who 'd 1 usual 1 squid 1 hope 1 husband 1 crappy 1 hmm 1 tail 1 chilly 1 booze 1 nope 1 fire 1 rolled 1 experience 1 beeline 1 entire 1 terrified 1 listened 1 hair 1 reared 1 melted 1 scandalized 1 cranium 1 walkway 1 smoking 1 dream 1 shaddup 1 near 1 shoot 1 dick 1 diameter 1 twitched 1 popped 1 deprivation 1 sublimely 1 lips 1 turning 1 act 1 unconscious 1 watching 1 sitting 1 stack 1 spilled 1 dare 1 carrion 1 match 1 bristled 1 wow 1 angular 1 account 1 running 1 faster 1 swept 1 wooooohooooo 1 begun 1 beyond 1 rickety 1 bodies 1 say 1 muffin 1 sec 1 pit 1 embedded 1 alcohol 1 whores 1 straddle - legged 1 semi 1 resemble 1 pisses 1 jack 1 cacophony 1 bug 1 kicked 1 fortunate 1 crabbing 1 determined 1 centipedes 1 scaring 1 moments 1 goes 1 notice 1 sparks 1 accepted 1 clanked 1 neck 1 dropping 1 scavenging 1 satisfy 1 x 1 without 1 pictures 1 thumped 1 manager 's 1 woman 1 landfill 1 grins 1 chair 1 bumpy 1 following 1 sorry 1 they 're 1 kid 's 1 eggs 1 shadows 1 slumped 1 someone 1 herself 1 smoke 1 crummy 1 grown 1 tracts 1 telling 1 onto 1 shack 1 unchivalrous 1 thud 1 boardwalk 1 spaces 1 nose 1 honky - tonk 1 breasts 1 start 1 cutting 1 trembled 1 notices 1 rubbed 1 occurrence 1 piss 1 convoluted 1 interstate 1 suck 1 awful 1 eight 1 doorknobs 1 dingo 1 soldiers 1 groped 1 blob 1 most 1 stop 1 craters 1 parking 1 quietly 1 dusted 1 offed 1 gangs 1 flight 1 fact 1 freaked 1 upon 1 sweep 1 blind 1 recall 1 waits 1 locals 1 mandibles 1 balanced 1 presumed 1 occultation 1 hysterical 1 sand 1 flat 1 heh - heh 1 flank 1 less 1 flounced 1 feeble 1 wastes 1 preternaturally 1 skull 1 unfortunately 1 swallows 1 frightened 1 cast 1 tricky 1 hit 1 glimmered 1 cheeks 1 palm 1 shoulders 1 snatched 1 hanging 1 movies 1 rat 1 cooch 1 mumbled 1 plugging 1 chillier 1 halfway 1 wake 1 slack - jawed 1 sidetracked 1 craving 1 busy 1 souls 1 disliked 1 some - where 1 coconut 1 howling 1 smoldering 1 thieving 1 detected 1 somebody 1 venom - dripping 1 rapidly 1 wadding 1 venezuela 1 crumpling 1 whooping 1 shift 1 slur 1 mind 1 sibilant 1 pregnant 1 monstrously 1 bat 1 studying 1 carpet 1 pursued 1 design 1 harmony 1 slit 1 kids 1 boys 1 crock 1 spilling 1 view 1 ship 1 ahh 1 shamelessly 1 besides 1 thrill 1 bunched 1 guide 1 crazy 1 mad 1 bedroom 1 news 1 snuck 1 slumbered 1 is n't 1 strange 1 freaks 1 screwed 1 straight 1 abandoned 1 chloroformed 1 air 1 road 1 windows 1 sneaking 1 snookums 1 bedside 1 immediate 1 porn 1 forearm 1 dungeon 1 jesus 1 ominous 1 self - satisfaction 1 rocked 1 cowboy 1 clicked 1 byzantine 1 remember 1 toppled 1 summoned 1 how 1 slowly 1 drunken 1 hefty 1 retreated 1 grunt 1 far 1 sound 1 reaching 1 fallen 1 golden 1 cannibals 1 picnic 1 exhaustion 1 managing 1 ha 1 standing 1 sloughed 1 rise 1 awesome 1 fierce 1 skulls 1 camera 1 beatific 1 leper 1 ogling 1 shape 1 played 1 compulsion 1 illuminating 1 script 1 guess 1 ancient 1 fun 1 softening 1 fingertips 1 round 1 headboard 1 afraid 1 you 'll 1 would n't 1 internet 1 bulged 1 violently 1 teeth 1 grinding 1 tucking 1 tossed 1 closed 1 cry 1 visceral 1 animated 1 grunted 1 watches 1 uttered 1 high - way 1 boiled 1 days 1 keeps 1 agonized 1 muffled 1 pushing 1 throat 1 contributed 1 renting 1 corpse 1 panels 1 distant 1 corpsman 1 rusty 1 late - night 1 grabbed 1 crumbled 1 safe 1 mattresses 1 pointed 1 gettin ' 1 whisper 1 sieve 1 stick 1 pebbled 1 greenish 1 softly 1 partying 1 range 1 perhaps 1 whore - houses 1 bullshit 1 react 1 wanders 1 absent 1 bisected 1 terribly 1 bastard 1 idly 1 combined 1 thin 1 freak 1 psst 1 awakened 1 cozy 1 flapping 1 dancing 1 seal 1 shrugged 1 hmp 1 cracked 1 thank 1 upright 1 lonely 1 flesh 1 cow 1 melon 1 situation 1 tumblers 1 keeping 1 regardless 1 jungle 1 faced 1 south 1 surging 1 doubtless 1 front 1 bunch 1 things 1 swiped 1 engines 1 cloaked 1 holy 1 sorta 1 fingerprints 1 chick 1 reaches 1 poor 1 answered 1 schlep 1 far - off 1 waiting 1 build 1 kids - pretty 1 descending 1 gig 1 person 1 symmetry 1 hated 1 freezing 1 curled 1 dollar 1 glistened 1 sonofabitch 1 infomercials 1 helpless 1 fuming 1 reflecting 1 impossibly 1 everything 1 center 1 slipped 1 working 1 tale 1 discolored 1 wiped 1 coins 1 plied 1 vacancy 1 rip - off 1 knocks 1 atomic 1 downed 1 red 1 nimbus 1 gilt 1 predatory 1 wrapped 1 let 's 1 swell 1 itself 1 happens 1 mostly 1 hours 1 wavering 1 gulp 1 goddamn 1 romance 1 stalling 1 drink 1 darkness 1 urination 1 waving 1 whispered 1 collector 's 1 claws 1 grandiosity 1 raining 1 symbols 1 lopsided 1 beat - to - hell 1 contract 1 cocoon 1 stint 1 wiping 1 pressed 1 talk 1 howled 1 nam 1 post 1 easily 1 comes 1 bang 1 climbed 1 slobbering 1 savored 1 blundered 1 weak 1 according 1 rippled 1 specialized 1 whore 1 rotten 1 scored 1 pick 1 winding 1 main 1 upward 1 somewhere 1 life 1 moment 1 ping 1 odd 1 travolta 1 squinting 1 forepaws 1 shuddered 1 highly 1 visibly 1 carload 1 boulder 1 mouth 1 bucket 1 ago 1 mistake 1 lifts 1 slip 1 dead 1 together 1 cart 1 animal 1 hood 1 trace 1 barking 1 chill 1 yards 1 cheap 1 stared 1 cactus 1 pole 1 truly 1 poked 1 balls 1 lived 1 sane 1 sash 1 hates 1 lumpy 1 intimidated 1 answer 1 distance 1 currently 1 strippers 1 channel 1 frame 1 home 1 revealed 1 movement 1 lazy 1 bark 1 rednecks 1 gathered 1 breeze 1 become 1 snapped 1 history 1 seems 1 consideration 1 several 1 rest 1 purposeful 1 cursing 1 radiance 1 leaves 1 sliding 1 sip 1 forgot 1 scenario 1 thinking 1 heart 1 cig 1 blouse 1 america 1 fall 1 terror 1 docks 1 miles 1 wan na 1 forever 1 horror 1 neon 1 mothballs 1 forty - eight 1 hearing 1 thanks 1 enjoyed 1 two 1 silence 1 pillow 1 screw 1 crawlies 1 weight 1 shits 1 metallic 1 close 1 recognized 1 implacable 1 stupid - looking 1 testing 1 flexed 1 squeeze 1 greek 1 sprawling 1 module 1 border - line 1 muscles 1 tumbleweeds 1 talon 1 moist 1 sulking 1 one - ply 1 luckily 1 reasons 1 rule 1 still 1 direction 1 infected 1 skin 1 some - times 1 seeped 1 i 'll 1 whining 1 very 1 swelled 1 clawed 1 emphasis 1 moon 1 avoid 1 sweat 1 pee 1 numbers 1 bulbs 1 exactly 1 hey 1 groaned 1 irate 1 eh 1 stuffed 1 blurry 1 mule 's 1 poisonous 1 primeval 1 sat 1 gi 1 bouncing 1 hanger 1 often 1 handfuls 1 ya 1 plum 1 brushing 1 waste 1 asleep 1 whiskey 1 prayed 1 felt 1 dispensed 1 there - she 'd 1 explanation 1 vd 1 turtle 1 hour 1 clattered 1 bj 1 shade 1 gon na 1 spot 1 murderer 1 smelled 1 bowling 1 solve 1 insect 1 parts 1 leaks 1 immobile 1 slid 1 dinner 1 prehistoric 1 intermittent 1 dose 1 slashes 1 saturated 1 philippines 1 beetle 1 am 1 rumbled 1 latched 1 draped 1 riffling 1 whorls 1 sonofagun 1 tripping 1 hole 1 drew 1 pocket 1 swung 1 howl 1 that 'd 1 sunless 1 gods 1 backward 1 paleozoic 1 crunch 1 coalesce 1 stetson 1 fellows 1 watched 1 vengeance 1 scurrying 1 grinning 1 dude 1 gim me 1 species 1 covers 1 cosmic 1 solemn 1 apparently 1 somewhat 1 rubbing 1 ready 1 dreams 1 pills 1 scurry 1 oily 1 pale 1 covered 1 bicep 1 sulk 1 wasted 1 stranded 1 knees 1 luster 1 antiquarian 1 blubbering 1 slightly 1 empty 1 oblong 1 shook 1 guy 1 true 1 loosely 1 woman 's 1 grabs 1 scared 1 beneath 1 reached 1 jackals 1 incoherencies 1 stark 1 fashion 1 trailing 1 quivered 1 could n't 1 creepy 1 called 1 tarantulas 1 wallpaper 1 unnatural 1 machine 1 adjusted 1 preoccupied 1 does n't 1 kiddin ' 1 avoiding 1 far - out 1 weakly 1 dumbass 1 sinister 1 speculation 1 jerk 1 pipes 1 lungs 1 locked 1 whacking 1 drank 1 game 1 staring 1 gripped 1 ask 1 ick 1 training 1 betcha 1 blatting 1 held 1 headlights 1 tits 1 y'know 1 minute 1 centipede 1 shooters 1 wings 1 fell 1 peanuts 1 once 1 cursed 1 smokes 1 these 1 rhythmically 1 heavy 1 headed 1 drove 1 relaxed 1 interrupted 1 ate 1 chasers 1 manila 1 either 1 clammy 1 chase 1 general 1 quiet 1 closer 1 club 1 promptly 1 tell 1 massive 1 eats 1 ax 1 finders - keepers 1 cloud 1 blank 1 enough 1 dingoes 1 lurch 1 forage 1 looking 1 chance 1 pong 1 favored 1 unspooled 1 name 1 scout 1 motherfucker 1 simply 1 strangle 1 snore 1 fumbled 1 thumbed 1 whiskey - soaked 1 perkins 1 oozed 1 glasses 1 where 'd 1 hooker 1 burn 1 huh 1 momentarily 1 grandiose 1 blacker 1 immune 1 unfiltered 1 hopped 1 bought 1 snack 1 owww 1 blazed 1 hips 1 floorboards 1 hugged 1 couple 's 1 plotting 1 party 1 shamble 1 times 1 sergeant 1 slithered 1 checked 1 cigs 1 motels 1 high 1 anthony 1 defiled 1 modulated 920 .
the forest - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 the forest 721 the 507 and 353 a 309 of 229 he 228 to 204 in 196 his 177 was 107 that 93 partridge 83 you 82 it 78 on 75 her 74 said 72 she 71 from 70 him 70 had 67 as 66 with 66 not 61 toshi 59 at 56 they 54 for 50 were 48 i 47 into 45 an 45 this 39 nadine 34 them 33 or 33 their 33 like 32 beasley 32 is 30 campbell 27 what 26 there 26 then 25 if 25 be 25 through 24 up 24 over 24 been 23 back 23 did 23 but 23 all 22 no 21 more 21 are 21 when 20 down 19 by 19 i ' m 19 so 19 about 19 do 18 do n't 18 eyes 17 men 17 house 17 face 17 long 17 my 17 will 17 head 16 get 16 one 15 we 15 have 15 water 15 it 's 15 out 14 would 14 go 14 its 14 after 14 some 14 partridge 's 14 black 14 light 14 here 14 these 14 see 13 those 13 new 13 come 13 nothing 13 hand 12 away 12 say 12 came 12 left 12 against 12 know 12 toshi 's 12 mask 12 night 12 before 12 room 11 me 11 way 11 any 11 glass 11 yeah 11 how 11 time 11 might 11 sat 11 did n't 11 always 10 gone 10 that 's 10 near 10 our 10 bed 10 woman 10 you 're 10 where 10 why 10 stood 10 too 10 got 10 until 10 off 10 grass 10 mouth 10 cockroaches 10 along 9 can 9 even 9 could 9 something 9 right 9 hair 9 radio 9 went 9 look 9 upon 9 good 9 well 9 man 9 everything 9 cold 9 hands 9 took 9 let 9 very 9 montague 9 rich 9 wore 9 us 9 around 8 going 8 white 8 want 8 who 8 dark 8 gave 8 than 8 just 8 voice 8 much 8 only 8 other 8 another 8 beetles 8 camera 8 made 8 few 8 oh 8 howard 8 still 8 gertz 8 empty 8 held 8 years 7 really 7 better 7 boy 7 phillips 7 never 7 great 7 shadows 7 your 7 sometimes 7 wanted 7 road 7 node 7 place 7 knew 7 hell 7 line 7 earth 7 old 7 two 7 sun 7 thought 7 wooden 7 across 7 fell 7 once 7 tried 7 walked 7 anything 7 saw 6 people 6 stone 6 table 6 alone 6 little 6 someone 6 sure 6 fields 6 again 6 mr 6 course 6 okay 6 forest 6 leaned 6 air 6 being 6 windows 6 waited 6 teeth 6 bit 6 eye 6 things 6 should 6 red 6 darkness 6 moment 6 sky 6 dead 6 become 6 work 6 three 6 smile 6 close 6 among 6 yet 6 between 6 since 6 himself 6 lost 6 garden 6 called 6 found 6 enough 5 keep 5 concrete 5 coffee 5 later 5 kept 5 metal 5 passed 5 without 5 they 're 5 smoke 5 whole 5 towne 5 insects 5 film 5 else 5 inside 5 depression 5 tigers 5 walk 5 now 5 coming 5 such 5 telescopes 5 has 5 lamp 5 porch 5 imagine 5 doors 5 houses 5 business 5 caught 5 maybe 5 stared 5 home 5 heart 5 love 5 forever 5 we ' ve 5 dinner 5 looked 5 ever 5 beneath 5 laughed 5 while 5 window 5 either 5 thing 5 high 5 first 4 documentary 4 show 4 fresh 4 drunk 4 dripped 4 arms 4 country 4 eventually 4 wet 4 behind 4 we 'll 4 sea 4 poured 4 buildings 4 piece 4 kind 4 rubbed 4 s 4 most 4 moorehead 4 seen 4 strong 4 probably 4 least 4 last 4 next 4 leather 4 slept 4 kitchen 4 disappeared 4 mind 4 seemed 4 except 4 have n't 4 dishes 4 world 4 hard 4 orren 4 best 4 also 4 shot 4 field 4 current 4 afraid 4 clouds 4 lot 4 began 4 brain 4 nodded 4 lay 4 naked 4 certain 4 watch 4 think 4 person 4 jeep 4 mostly 4 fingers 4 drink 4 feet 4 life 4 arm 4 we 're 4 own 4 fucking 4 farm 4 opened 4 sense 4 second 4 emerged 4 full 4 carrey 4 stairs 4 stopped 4 shade 4 friends 4 hollywood 4 guinea 4 pulled 4 watched 4 shoulder 4 done 4 shook 4 dust 4 reached 4 nadine 's 4 moving 4 which 4 drank 4 ask 4 low 4 tarantula 4 cigarette 4 floor 4 tell 4 name 4 huh 4 brought 4 blackness 3 mmm 3 cool 3 wo n't 3 ear 3 truck 3 antenna 3 rose 3 heavily 3 drugs 3 sees 3 invented 3 brow 3 lid 3 valley 3 estate 3 he 'd 3 hot 3 smell 3 foot 3 usual 3 doorway 3 fire 3 simple 3 luck 3 he 's 3 fat 3 talking 3 orange 3 church 3 fast 3 gate 3 bloody 3 was n't 3 she 'll 3 alcohol 3 barn 3 under 3 soon 3 smiled 3 chair 3 jean 3 grown 3 onto 3 nose 3 ceiling 3 fence 3 weekend 3 there 's 3 forests 3 museum 3 pet 3 bus 3 make 3 everywhere 3 big 3 odor 3 malibu 3 eat 3 somehow 3 liquor 3 settled 3 career 3 france 3 glanced 3 hung 3 soft 3 broken 3 none 3 followed 3 strange 3 cellar 3 early 3 give 3 ah 3 sound 3 rolling 3 chuckled 3 ancient 3 l 3 catch 3 dirt 3 phone 3 dying 3 days 3 throat 3 guys 3 box 3 star 3 ice 3 pointed 3 perhaps 3 relinquish 3 million 3 shrugged 3 flesh 3 note 3 doubtless 3 mooreheads 3 told 3 occasionally 3 contact 3 mention 3 river 3 poor 3 thighs 3 shell 3 kissed 3 does 3 campbell 's 3 center 3 british 3 itself 3 wood 3 t 3 height 3 pressed 3 ears 3 climbed 3 whatever 3 according 3 main 3 drive 3 oak 3 spoke 3 california 3 places 3 surface 3 together 3 formed 3 run 3 everybody 3 aside 3 couple 3 memory 3 bones 3 history 3 jackson 3 leaves 3 thinking 3 horror 3 structures 3 moist 3 private 3 skin 3 quite 3 moon 3 tight 3 dry 3 became 3 warm 3 overhead 3 groaned 3 eh 3 dress 3 suit 3 blood 3 deep 3 horizon 3 hold 3 felt 3 dim 3 raised 3 den 3 smelled 3 space 3 parts 3 day 3 swung 3 glad 3 species 3 she 's 3 because 3 pale 3 covered 3 friend 3 sulk 3 slightly 3 ryoko 3 goodbye 3 yes 3 shall 3 colony 3 gazing 3 screams 3 finally 3 quiet 3 leave 3 invisible 3 town 3 thrum 3 ride 3 latest 3 stomach 3 she 'd 3 hang 3 shop 3 pair 2 dropped 2 gray 2 seeing 2 nasa 2 address 2 interesting 2 death 2 muck 2 matter 2 owned 2 yah 2 depths 2 sink 2 musk 2 serious 2 excess 2 ghost 2 resonant 2 square 2 latter 2 embraced 2 yellow 2 luggage 2 seconds 2 real 2 set 2 met 2 missed 2 considering 2 briefcase 2 dragged 2 colonies 2 cities 2 sleep 2 both 2 flew 2 unload 2 shut 2 speed 2 eating 2 signals 2 gnats 2 barge 2 huge 2 tree 2 bad 2 preserving 2 dr 2 stuff 2 landscape 2 magnificent 2 die 2 cook 2 exist 2 gets 2 hmm 2 four 2 dawn 2 d - lab 2 hill 2 jobs 2 portrait 2 action 2 god 2 slate 2 corridors 2 watching 2 how 's 2 punch 2 dreaming 2 quick 2 technicians 2 presented 2 twilight 2 warrenburgh 2 damned 2 man 's 2 begun 2 beyond 2 original 2 stiff 2 suggested 2 possible 2 helicopter 2 rotting 2 provincial 2 iron 2 move 2 dusty 2 crouched 2 ducks 2 decrepit 2 neck 2 movie 2 end 2 richard 2 crocodiles 2 breathing 2 scream 2 stumbled 2 interested 2 nonsense 2 magnetic 2 communication 2 illuminated 2 bone 2 actually 2 changed 2 grimy 2 flask 2 plaster 2 natives 2 tilted 2 bugs 2 regarding 2 passenger 2 stop 2 village 2 ebony 2 part 2 clatter 2 disaster 2 rim 2 swollen 2 whipped 2 scarf 2 pipe 2 roll 2 state 2 heard 2 taint 2 elbow 2 boiling 2 behavior 2 chairs 2 decided 2 tasted 2 skull 2 paper 2 toward 2 died 2 fluorescent 2 cheeks 2 property 2 grew 2 handed 2 impression 2 ones 2 certainly 2 cables 2 playing 2 engine 2 busy 2 peculiar 2 plank 2 i ' ve 2 suitcases 2 ant 2 hundred 2 jaw 2 break 2 american 2 involved 2 muttered 2 gun 2 nobody 2 entered 2 sucked 2 leaked 2 powerful 2 crisis 2 worse 2 mad 2 reports 2 has n't 2 sex 2 is n't 2 r 2 form 2 smooth 2 ribs 2 executive 2 possibly 2 walls 2 lamps 2 number 2 surely 2 brandy 2 managed 2 rover 2 oxygen 2 question 2 far 2 carried 2 stranger 2 federal 2 fallen 2 spiders 2 golden 2 crashed 2 strung 2 damp 2 exhaustion 2 fear 2 cut 2 stank 2 beasley 's 2 realized 2 projects 2 raft 2 packed 2 french 2 bengali 2 pain 2 musty 2 played 2 guess 2 yard 2 forth 2 decades 2 chamber 2 round 2 u 2 would n't 2 tossed 2 closed 2 turned 2 reason 2 bottle 2 stretched 2 mud 2 muffled 2 boxes 2 use 2 week 2 despite 2 shallow 2 charm 2 queen 2 appeal 2 shiny 2 distant 2 banks 2 masks 2 you 'd 2 threatened 2 fellow 2 observed 2 notion 2 spent 2 sunlight 2 hoarse 2 magic 2 softly 2 returned 2 planet 2 grinned 2 forget 2 expedition 2 thin 2 mortal 2 obviously 2 prince 2 studied 2 land 2 lights 2 birds 2 monet 2 thank 2 upright 2 worked 2 fight 2 trustees 2 destination 2 famous 2 promised 2 heads 2 interest 2 waiting 2 frogs 2 meanwhile 2 yourself 2 hip 2 proposed 2 mug 2 director 2 slide 2 heaved 2 young 2 slipped 2 cleaning 2 margin 2 glimpsed 2 period 2 although 2 coop 2 important 2 wondered 2 girl 2 bizarre 2 speaking 2 grip 2 let 's 2 unless 2 complete 2 boston 2 during 2 frozen 2 shaped 2 speak 2 painted 2 whispered 2 call 2 suits 2 relative 2 open 2 wheelchair 2 talk 2 dog 2 post 2 comes 2 honey 2 pity 2 bag 2 winding 2 clean 2 morning 2 nerves 2 reminded 2 roots 2 subject 2 energy 2 entomological 2 loomed 2 static 2 terrible 2 spotted 2 neighbors 2 lifted 2 stainless 2 family 2 ages 2 bluff 2 bitch 2 ago 2 mass 2 crude 2 battered 2 animal 2 moths 2 english 2 operation 2 crawled 2 grin 2 lad 2 thick 2 letting 2 getting 2 oil 2 distance 2 waved 2 civilization 2 large 2 removed 2 rock 2 locket 2 breeze 2 snapped 2 central 2 burned 2 several 2 rest 2 driver 2 receded 2 discipline 2 hollow 2 guards 2 legs 2 fall 2 terror 2 miles 2 army 2 trampled 2 silence 2 each 2 wish 2 aquariums 2 attention 2 half 2 metallic 2 hidden 2 however 2 mercenaries 2 crushed 2 boring 2 trees 2 rule 2 electromagnetic 2 cover 2 warning 2 grim 2 cause 2 glassy 2 clever 2 sweat 2 popular 2 hey 2 stars 2 indeed 2 wilderness 2 hunting 2 teaspoon 2 fifteen 2 ring 2 direct 2 tired 2 dimensions 2 due 2 six 2 often 2 vacation 2 sued 2 similar 2 guns 2 bright 2 flowed 2 same 2 assuming 2 knot 2 occupied 2 crawl 2 book 2 put 2 women 2 kidding 2 fully 2 brooding 2 asshole 2 suppose 2 england 2 body 2 darkly 2 knocking 2 foothills 2 gauge 2 county 2 track 2 someday 2 decade 2 tour 2 smaller 2 corner 2 mother 2 bangladesh 2 broad 2 muddy 2 glittered 2 mankind 2 swallowed 2 remote 2 fashion 2 served 2 host 2 could n't 2 gloom 2 scribbled 2 glowed 2 dermestid 2 roughly 2 small 2 instead 2 exposed 2 glow 2 dozen 2 voyage 2 classic 2 clear 2 take 2 developed 2 impossible 2 constellations 2 formal 2 school 2 stepped 2 sunday 2 fog 2 heavy 2 preserve 2 peace 2 drove 2 cockroach 2 heavier 2 exploits 2 russian 2 ca n't 2 spinning 2 noticed 2 lovely 2 five 2 closer 2 club 2 desk 2 director 's 2 eats 2 side 2 street 2 shirt 2 gotten 2 bees 2 short 2 unlike 2 looking 2 millions 2 cinematographer 2 carry 2 door 2 buried 2 investigation 2 glasses 2 jerked 2 party 2 community 1 hangings 1 yelled 1 creepy - crawlies 1 coal 1 load 1 clambered 1 rigid 1 counted 1 experts 1 twenty 1 panaflex 1 doorways 1 trust 1 numb 1 motionless 1 clinging 1 nature 's 1 gloves 1 photograph 1 curves 1 wild 1 wait 1 gruesome 1 lovable 1 drolly 1 poking 1 mallard 1 mild 1 meat - hungry 1 types - one 1 fiercely 1 project 1 crypto 1 sheets 1 comport 1 farther 1 initials 1 characterized 1 museums 1 conducting 1 everyone 1 excuses 1 incidental 1 lies 1 resembled 1 rate 1 compatriot 1 disquiet 1 trouble 1 crown 1 behemoth 1 aristocratic 1 striking 1 erection 1 angina 1 sweating 1 education 1 employ 1 gutted 1 hear 1 opulent 1 twitchy - jet 1 whom 1 hairs 1 depended 1 sufficient 1 tires 1 abiding 1 breath 1 geyser 1 daydreams 1 immediately 1 resided 1 ance 1 slings 1 return 1 attendant 1 gather 1 edifices 1 snail 1 peroxide 1 archaic 1 gravest 1 sahara 1 supply 1 20 1 anymore 1 breeding 1 there 're 1 cracks 1 occulted 1 subsequent 1 saying 1 antennas 1 exchange 1 grounds 1 tarp 1 gleam 1 triumph 1 tap 1 appetites 1 postings 1 doc 1 kneeling 1 champion 1 gloomy 1 evening 1 devices 1 building 1 affiliation 1 eaves 1 position 1 holding 1 deal 1 conch 1 nattering 1 pearl 1 beautifully 1 recognize 1 milk 1 impacts 1 midlife 1 solvents 1 paralyzed 1 vast 1 partner 1 brim 1 pulse 1 hogwash 1 reflection 1 radiated 1 lockheed - martin 1 wire 1 liberally 1 job 1 burly 1 boar 1 streak 1 millimeter 1 crusade 1 sill 1 tick - tack 1 damned - well 1 wonder 1 organic 1 torso 1 learning 1 rancher 1 detached 1 research 1 survey 1 bring 1 parties 1 brute - had 1 dolls 1 infrared 1 misses 1 tides 1 grazing 1 dug 1 lectured 1 panicked 1 offered 1 e 1 jounce 1 iconoclast 1 prior 1 transit 1 obliterate 1 thurman 1 bordered 1 vista 1 relax 1 embryo 1 shelves 1 abruptly 1 cladistics 1 hybrid 1 trays 1 squinted 1 erotic 1 gothic 1 twisted 1 draping 1 hutch 1 ambled 1 brittle 1 stardom 1 hoopla 1 copious 1 happily - ever - after 1 candles 1 brilliant 1 fuller 1 universe 1 ourselves 1 dish 1 mania 1 checks 1 third 1 premature 1 dumped 1 poles 1 canted 1 dense 1 assembly 1 folks 1 caves 1 coughing 1 nascent 1 plucked 1 multifaceted 1 vapors 1 partway 1 ebbed 1 organism 1 occasion 1 haunted 1 edges 1 dosed 1 bottom 1 materialized 1 mortar 1 cryptozoic 1 honeymoon 1 c'm on 1 character 1 restaurant 1 tumultuous 1 superficial 1 devising 1 age 1 plain 1 downward 1 breathless 1 a - lab 1 memo 1 hug 1 mental 1 late 1 bottles 1 key 1 matching 1 wildflowers 1 it 'd 1 tiles 1 shudder 1 intriguing 1 appear 1 replaced 1 worker 1 pat 1 dreamily 1 area 1 hope 1 dimly 1 urbane 1 fossil 1 iceberg 1 transformed 1 capable 1 today 1 necessary 1 sport 1 wading 1 cloths 1 pot 1 tail 1 unleashed 1 poised 1 card 1 sick 1 gunned 1 nope 1 sinking 1 creepers 1 lounged 1 introduce 1 opportunities 1 rose - scented 1 cascaded 1 infamy 1 greedily 1 morbid 1 rolled 1 cottony 1 bruised 1 experience 1 narrative 1 daydream 1 artists 1 mixed - breed 1 hydraulic 1 lane 1 plastic 1 wine 1 coleopteran 1 perched 1 grille 1 furniture 1 desired 1 blame 1 traveler 's 1 routine 1 graduate 1 erupting 1 disjointed 1 pickup 1 dream 1 unwelcoming 1 consigned 1 patrons 1 inevitably 1 meteorite 1 humid 1 joking 1 lovemaking 1 silent 1 limo 1 porters 1 trapped 1 tangled 1 twitched 1 pets 1 many 1 ireland 1 dresser 1 murmured 1 over - publicized 1 lord 1 possessions 1 gravity 1 wearing 1 lips 1 flashes 1 phrases 1 shacks 1 utility 1 unconscious 1 recovering 1 silhouette 1 cheek 1 paperback 1 supporting 1 wry 1 spanned 1 recovery 1 escorted 1 amok 1 stack 1 ramshackle 1 canisters 1 betting 1 jump - cuts 1 san 1 laborers 1 mocking 1 damaged 1 stepchildren 1 scientologist 1 1886 1 focused 1 cadillac 1 drills 1 thermoses 1 emaciated 1 mud - caked 1 cigarettes 1 catered 1 mosquitoes 1 southern 1 interleaved 1 angular 1 mangroves 1 variety 1 wedding 1 running 1 combination 1 hostile 1 indifferent 1 cuff 1 gulf 1 models 1 snorted 1 swept 1 refused 1 hire 1 whip - smart 1 tasting 1 hardback - one 1 rules 1 swims 1 compose 1 grasped 1 towering 1 score 1 picked 1 shivering 1 jamb 1 absolute 1 brick 1 soaked 1 aching 1 clearing 1 destroyed 1 writhing 1 muscle - bound 1 maids 1 wandered 1 months 1 whores 1 frank 1 dear 1 tricks 1 bookcases 1 lethally 1 elemental 1 os 1 specimen 1 jack 1 chicken 1 decked 1 cacophony 1 introduced 1 balcony 1 britain 1 shit 1 slaughterhouse 1 features 1 contrast 1 preferred 1 dumbly 1 gathering 1 inches 1 oceanic 1 biting 1 mouths 1 sand - filled 1 earlier 1 ai n't 1 tastes 1 waxworks 1 hiring 1 man - eating 1 teuthological 1 notice 1 nerve 1 group 1 intellect 1 yep 1 cohere 1 hubbub 1 superior 1 rained 1 coil 1 urine 1 dan 1 groaning 1 beez 1 uhmm - wha 1 folksy 1 throats 1 pride 1 branded 1 afire 1 satisfy 1 reliable 1 kali 1 scarcely 1 longed 1 particular 1 coasts 1 shattering 1 blazoned 1 ances 1 protoplasmic 1 blend 1 snouts 1 brightened 1 yawns 1 aspen - chic 1 living 1 wineglasses 1 sufficed 1 tide 1 strength 1 endless 1 suspected 1 sticky 1 unwholesome 1 crunched 1 demonstration 1 swamped 1 image 1 ecological 1 boeing 1 hysterics 1 narrow 1 underlying 1 order 1 following 1 woodcutters 1 sorry 1 definitely 1 ecology 1 succession 1 coiling 1 vibration 1 savor 1 old - fashioned 1 whistled 1 beasley - and 1 double - breasted 1 tabloids 1 gleamed 1 assorted 1 unease 1 a - frame 1 permitted 1 snifters 1 gigantic 1 don't- 1 opportunity 1 wondering 1 eggs 1 slumped 1 departure 1 bodyguard 1 ends 1 perceived 1 magnums 1 wave 1 hearty 1 hissing 1 enigmas 1 herself 1 tocked 1 ascertain 1 pretty 1 subtly 1 arrows 1 skeletal 1 eyelash 1 document 1 lurk 1 arguably 1 logos 1 translates 1 lithe 1 steep 1 abject 1 intelligence 1 ground - swell 1 ledbetter - told 1 send 1 dinky 1 patricians 1 curved 1 pal 1 sugar 1 spicy 1 tripped 1 low - slung 1 gentlemen 1 sizable 1 regions 1 halt 1 invasion 1 start 1 trembled 1 strawberries 1 carelessly 1 weathercocks 1 resent 1 obscure 1 counterchange 1 electric 1 begins 1 fitfully 1 would ' ve 1 convoluted 1 blazon 1 occasional 1 nod 1 packing 1 brambles 1 voices 1 generally 1 moat 1 far - flung 1 pimple 1 father 1 elder 1 shed 1 daughter 1 audience 1 epic 1 money 1 dozing 1 choking 1 ferrari 1 gin 1 antique 1 kerchief 1 corrugated 1 traveling 1 dew 1 chirring 1 eight 1 endeavors 1 forward 1 acquired 1 compared 1 cooler 1 jibe 1 waders 1 swirled 1 flicker 1 pallid 1 flicked 1 colleagues 1 substrate 1 sol 1 man- 1 sinew 1 handy 1 grail - first 1 tectonic 1 sake 1 slicker 1 external 1 announced 1 delicate 1 outlying 1 what 'd 1 prey 1 lamentable 1 droll 1 jittered 1 cross 1 gown 1 heed 1 prisoners 1 patterns 1 sweet 1 weird - looking 1 uncurling 1 monster 1 americana 1 parked 1 polynesia 1 hundreds 1 sipping 1 hangers - on 1 information 1 odyssey 1 venture 1 wallet 1 rust 1 chronic 1 winking 1 stamp 1 hat 1 deathly 1 delivered 1 misery 1 mountains 1 snarl 1 qualified 1 shapes 1 dappled 1 asia 1 horn 1 zoologists 1 crabbed 1 fruition 1 ugly 1 doctor 1 stair - case 1 shifted 1 brusque 1 untangling 1 knows 1 plates 1 jungles 1 begged 1 teetered 1 stool 1 waived 1 victim 1 top - dollar 1 filmmakers 1 hooked 1 intelligently 1 absolutely 1 recorded 1 garbage 1 blind 1 town - orren 1 poling 1 crumbs 1 annoyance 1 perilously 1 recall 1 patches 1 ached 1 treatises 1 coffin 1 frankly 1 marquee 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 pasture 1 making 1 west 1 goop 1 1762 1 screen 1 textured 1 prickled 1 convinced 1 carnal 1 viciously 1 registered 1 indifference 1 rub 1 defense 1 crowning 1 plastic - sheeted 1 glee 1 anthracite 1 pitiless 1 maze 1 misty 1 busier 1 students ' 1 secured 1 grizzled 1 megalomaniacal 1 chatted 1 increasing 1 decadence 1 carnation 1 degrees 1 uproariously 1 scenery 1 feeble 1 pen 1 bunkers 1 behold 1 collapsed 1 receiver 1 tall 1 hoo 1 unfortunately 1 tumbledown 1 full - color 1 charcoal 1 devil 1 almost 1 evasively 1 streetlights 1 winters 1 lately 1 partitioned 1 deserted 1 circle 1 solitude 1 uncomprehendingly 1 contain 1 revolutions 1 cast 1 crucifix 1 customs 1 affiliations 1 sultry 1 hit 1 glimmered 1 science 1 getaway 1 m 1 uh 1 themselves 1 cinder 1 worry 1 scraped 1 shoulders 1 fronts 1 tip 1 indulgence 1 movies 1 stagger 1 middle 1 transformation 1 summon 1 neurology 1 applied 1 antlers 1 mist 1 concert 1 barren 1 elections 1 want - ad 1 crew 1 aimlessly 1 throws 1 specialties 1 squeezed 1 clothes 1 failing 1 occupation 1 woods 1 tomorrow 1 society 1 hiding 1 performers 1 forced 1 contented 1 focus 1 begin 1 disfigured 1 hue 1 dotted 1 aspect 1 likely 1 pebble 1 brushfires 1 smoldering 1 mournful 1 discuss 1 struck 1 selling 1 sighed 1 yellowing 1 somebody 1 steady 1 illustrated 1 mangrove 1 garage 1 politically 1 merry 1 plexus 1 satellite 1 exhausted 1 suit - jackets 1 presence- 1 guests 1 drinks 1 remove 1 watercolors 1 veined 1 ditch 1 emerge 1 escape 1 savvy 1 impeccable 1 gummy 1 sibilant 1 older 1 buzzing 1 racing 1 lag 1 sleek 1 gables 1 wing - backed 1 ties 1 filters 1 sunglasses 1 blackthorn 1 subside 1 frighten 1 reef 1 shone 1 scooped 1 funny 1 lipstick 1 design 1 petunias 1 uneasily 1 posh 1 stripping 1 abyssal 1 paintings 1 occurred 1 jabbed 1 blurred 1 spindly 1 northern 1 incognito 1 term 1 cannon 1 assertion 1 drone 1 indicative 1 confined 1 friendly 1 quit 1 what 's 1 crackled 1 mutely 1 petrified 1 real - life 1 view 1 northwest 1 ship 1 discovered 1 sit 1 scowls 1 aftermath 1 fearsomely 1 blackmailed 1 blue - gray 1 obligatory 1 fractured 1 impending 1 merged 1 cottage 1 frosted 1 breaker 1 acres 1 sucking 1 culture 1 write 1 earnest 1 disciple 1 inscrutable 1 walter 1 halted 1 buckled 1 encased 1 shipped 1 holes 1 warmth 1 office 1 burroughs 1 news 1 so - called 1 polished 1 potential 1 snuck 1 gaped 1 bitters 1 roused 1 powerless 1 dishes ' 1 columbian 1 carved 1 cab 1 pool 1 fascination 1 linked 1 blacks 1 dragging 1 halls 1 divided 1 approaching 1 genesis 1 sank 1 meant 1 killer 1 lumped 1 garbled 1 royals 1 walnut 1 roam 1 sterile 1 greatest 1 moldy 1 stratospheric 1 prominent 1 abandoned 1 santa 1 masked 1 back - wards 1 brackish 1 traveled 1 pint 1 unique 1 highways 1 military 1 warrants 1 duskier 1 gaze 1 subdued 1 moore - head 1 figure 1 unresolved 1 makeup 1 hosed 1 chief 1 lanky 1 cane 1 mileposts 1 mill 1 hungarian 1 impatiently 1 congregation 1 genteel 1 may 1 copper 1 goddess 1 medicinal 1 emissaries 1 hall 1 gravel 1 attached 1 hers 1 immediate 1 nothingness 1 novel 1 extraordinary 1 graveyard 1 moonlight 1 wardrobe 1 spires 1 predate 1 incongruous 1 rearing 1 engagements 1 hesitated 1 casual 1 jesus 1 supercolony 1 fingernails 1 knock 1 clandestine 1 effected 1 clicked 1 comparative 1 crimson 1 remember 1 summoned 1 guilt - crazed 1 myriad 1 quivering 1 universal 1 coastal 1 quentin 1 softball 1 roustabouts 1 proved 1 similarities 1 identical 1 event 1 stern 1 frictionless 1 presume 1 taxidermists 1 chiffon 1 slowly 1 ruin 1 included 1 bared 1 vantage 1 drunken 1 smothering 1 rot 1 hefty 1 cribbage 1 pressure 1 manifold 1 admit 1 animals 1 makes 1 eschewed 1 bled 1 sweater 1 sadder 1 boulevard 1 sheds 1 folded 1 soberly 1 quest 1 aboard 1 thunderheads 1 schematic 1 gaunt 1 pungent 1 upsetting 1 1890s 1 filmmaking 1 ceo 1 gears 1 yellow - gray 1 pay 1 hidey 1 believes 1 mover 1 kilometers 1 fascinations 1 tension 1 behavioral 1 slammed 1 doggedly 1 fondly 1 toast 1 jam 1 greens 1 undertaken 1 ha 1 standing 1 pensioner 1 champ 1 stoic 1 clattering 1 papers 1 lent 1 evidence 1 fame 1 fronted 1 nadine - she 1 plugged 1 easy 1 basically 1 repellant 1 tortoise 1 rise 1 caused 1 vaulted 1 rigs 1 beating 1 bother 1 button - up 1 barbecued 1 ruined 1 deforested 1 rumbling 1 ballroom 1 charismatic 1 gypsy 1 device 1 brawn 1 fibers 1 slacks 1 page 1 pockets 1 overwhelmed 1 like- 1 somebody 's 1 reeds 1 enamored 1 carapaces 1 wasteland 1 compulsion 1 formidable 1 pall 1 edge 1 cream - colored 1 overgrown 1 container 1 repositories 1 talent 1 mrs 1 rooster 1 here - dried 1 gaps 1 crystallize 1 cancelled 1 coagulated 1 ward 1 horseshit 1 slicks 1 stags 1 engagement 1 convenience 1 floated 1 dining 1 instantly 1 ashen 1 rancid 1 son 1 handsome 1 human 1 you 'll 1 classical 1 canteen 1 producers 1 eyed 1 lotus 1 violently 1 cabinets 1 accustomed 1 wrung 1 scientific 1 fermented 1 flies 1 planks 1 monica 1 avuncular 1 cell 1 cry 1 slopped 1 bridge 1 mouthful 1 showed 1 wasp 1 international 1 largest 1 sickness 1 crickets 1 string 1 secretary 1 lem me 1 dominant 1 ledgers 1 foggiest 1 animated 1 bunk 1 cousteau 1 edged 1 curse 1 politely 1 lightning 1 tin 1 interviews 1 testosterone - glutted 1 ribbed 1 summit 1 resin 1 jefferson 1 flower 1 wagons 1 lamentably 1 drooled 1 medication 1 nagged 1 coarse 1 loosened 1 grant 1 lizards 1 jaguar 1 shooting 1 library 1 reptiles 1 words 1 renting 1 interpreters 1 inscrutably 1 infinitely 1 apple 1 mahogany 1 okinawa 1 windowsills 1 shrunk 1 seats 1 hallmark 1 minutes 1 tentatively 1 corpse 1 hired 1 forces 1 alien 1 worthless 1 cinematography 1 rocking 1 veranda 1 yammered 1 drops 1 rusty 1 inconspicuously 1 late - night 1 grabbed 1 facility 1 whilst 1 spiral - shaped 1 high - voltage 1 crumbled 1 brewery 1 slapped 1 flicking 1 studios 1 drip 1 youthful 1 lackadaisically 1 johns 1 harshly 1 trafficked 1 fool 1 knackered 1 softened 1 established 1 hopscotched 1 handyman 1 searching 1 message 1 thicker 1 overlooking 1 belly 1 mosquito 's 1 idiot 1 kyla 's 1 surveillance 1 wicker 1 pelted 1 perform 1 cervix 1 squirt 1 discarding 1 efficiency 1 chickens 1 steaming 1 bet 1 nearby 1 gooseneck 1 moved 1 effect 1 revolved 1 ridiculously 1 ufos 1 56 1 greasy 1 backs 1 amidst 1 bahamas 1 sudden 1 coli 1 sayin ' 1 perspective 1 rooftops 1 reunion 1 trying 1 aloof 1 major 1 knack 1 clapped 1 sugar - spun 1 above 1 help 1 hammock 1 consciousness 1 snow 1 modest 1 ago - guess 1 temperate 1 mighty 1 waterway 1 cozy 1 matters 1 pinpoint 1 charges 1 sinewy 1 broadway 1 sore 1 orbiting 1 smoky 1 spastically 1 ol ' 1 cracked 1 unbearable 1 choked 1 elaborate 1 breast 1 activity 1 placed 1 presence 1 sincerely 1 peasant 1 god 's 1 regretted 1 perpetual 1 setting 1 shouted 1 jupiter 's 1 jacques 1 spring - loaded 1 truman 's 1 girth 1 warped 1 ended 1 yankee 1 flooded 1 melon 1 situation 1 kyla 1 simultaneously 1 nature 1 jungle 1 market 1 colossal 1 vomit 1 guard 1 curl 1 danforth 1 race 1 south 1 sorting 1 ebon 1 rendezvous 1 hopkins 1 top 1 woman - child - ripe 1 somberly 1 beard 1 front 1 star - gazer 1 asking 1 professional 1 directly 1 gristle 1 excuse 1 china 1 wildlife 1 shrunken 1 slides 1 seeds 1 knelt 1 government 1 mustaches 1 holy 1 half - hidden 1 plane 1 plums 1 gardens 1 debt 1 trickled 1 spider 1 liquid 1 convicts 1 fine 1 hunted 1 pace 1 inland 1 jet 1 frequently 1 researcher 1 smiling 1 tea 1 donned 1 men 's 1 sensibilities 1 utterly 1 trailed 1 hubby 1 incoherent 1 lucky 1 sweeping 1 daiquiris 1 diluted 1 sliced 1 beluga 1 harrowing 1 encompass 1 empire 1 farewell 1 drenched 1 stare 1 ceramic 1 city 1 trudged 1 maintenance 1 trench 1 dearly 1 umm 1 kingdom 1 dizzy 1 symmetry 1 positively 1 foil 1 hated 1 tarred 1 seminar 1 condolences 1 crooked 1 mammals 1 knee 1 glistened 1 ahem 1 watery 1 quarters 1 nurseries 1 basketball 1 divans 1 cooper 1 crones 1 sports 1 unkempt 1 grace 1 plus 1 slumbering 1 inhabitants 1 giant 1 ceased 1 need 1 positioned 1 tinsel 1 revolutionize 1 cup 1 outside 1 performed 1 cultists 1 families 1 angled 1 caviar 1 combing 1 lunch 1 herald 1 working 1 cusp 1 knowing 1 cronkite 1 arisen 1 countless 1 difficult 1 sickly 1 truckload 1 indicated 1 dwell 1 documents 1 print 1 lighted 1 telephone 1 claim 1 tears 1 pads 1 mansion 1 comparison 1 bore 1 flick 1 reclaim 1 sluice 1 sizzled 1 diminutive 1 hateful 1 shebang 1 swiftly 1 inherited 1 slunk 1 fortunately 1 practically 1 might ' ve 1 seethed 1 biscuits 1 zoomed 1 condescension 1 support 1 apologetically 1 disinterested 1 ants 1 petroleum 1 skidded 1 trucks 1 crawls 1 car 1 spun 1 portion 1 happens 1 villa 1 flowers 1 lear 's 1 hairpin 1 chilled 1 hours 1 applications 1 volunteer 1 negative 1 fellas 1 wavering 1 hate 1 anyway 1 clean - shaven 1 advice - when 1 sifted 1 below 1 gold - it 1 comforting 1 men - at - arms 1 greatly 1 adventure 1 grade 1 eerily 1 mystery 1 inhaled 1 squeaked 1 recently 1 stirred 1 rebuild 1 accounts - the 1 sad 1 lover 1 fixing 1 lady 1 packs 1 writing 1 faint 1 ticket 1 gingerly 1 dipping 1 chipped 1 raining 1 jar 1 twenty - threeyear - old 1 recesses 1 dented 1 cramped 1 items 1 60s 1 lopsided 1 waters 1 whined 1 steel 1 warrior - daughter 1 whimpered 1 details 1 extended 1 saucer 1 surveying 1 trademark 1 shucked 1 cheekbones 1 trusty 1 blinked 1 forty 1 ominously 1 whatnot 1 shoved 1 smack 1 moiling 1 easily 1 subtle 1 ford 1 shortwave 1 ferocious 1 slope 1 pack 1 interminable 1 war 1 quadrants 1 wished 1 profited 1 kiddy 1 remarkable 1 breathed 1 canon 1 aardvark 1 earthy 1 producer 1 pebbles 1 arranged 1 brakes 1 options 1 tabletop 1 hapless 1 housekeeper 1 wordlessly 1 staff 1 one - armed 1 directions 1 siphon 1 loitering 1 momentous 1 bowl 1 monotonous 1 hunched 1 cauliflowers 1 blue 1 oration 1 sourdough 1 cruising 1 sorrow 1 somewhere 1 meal 1 opening 1 rubber 1 buy 1 autumn 1 soldier 1 flailed 1 wit 1 undying 1 nerveless 1 shades 1 with - out 1 doomed 1 breezy 1 every 1 shifting 1 innards 1 isolated 1 model 1 controversial 1 reserve 1 tightened 1 stand 1 pushed 1 swathes 1 legion 1 dewar 's 1 staid 1 care 1 accommodate 1 poorly 1 shuddered 1 permits 1 brass 1 slow 1 rifles 1 highly 1 italian 1 flimsy 1 soil 1 map 1 genial 1 dreamed 1 beside 1 sooner 1 naturalist 's 1 industrial - sized 1 underfoot 1 whiskey - coffee 1 acclaim 1 buzzed 1 artifacts 1 inhuman 1 climate 1 case 1 horned 1 warmed 1 illumed 1 perfunctory 1 andes 1 frequencies 1 silver 1 haze 1 shoe 1 attract 1 sailed 1 lolling 1 coveralls 1 circle - we 're 1 majestically 1 painters 1 fistful 1 looping 1 strode 1 entertain 1 repaired 1 complexity 1 bungalow 1 cooperate 1 smoked 1 labyrinthine 1 graced 1 primitive 1 hood 1 esp 1 circles 1 lesser 1 trace 1 dilettante 1 chill 1 untouched 1 cone 1 east 1 wells 1 yards 1 security 1 suave 1 lightweight 1 station 1 art 1 licked 1 linen 1 anonymity 1 carp 1 truly 1 grandest 1 circa 1 facilitators 1 crows 1 flag 1 citizens 1 seat 1 sprawl 1 ferns 1 thoughts 1 mausoleum 1 remnants 1 mexico 1 carousel 1 cambrian 1 reservoir 1 answer 1 please 1 deck 1 hack 1 hulk 1 unfinished 1 layer 1 signs 1 dwelt 1 frankie 1 collection 1 hog 1 glazed 1 hazelnuts 1 decent 1 burgeoning 1 murky 1 lazy 1 plug 1 japanese 1 belt 1 conductive 1 physically 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 lawyer 1 proclaimed 1 creature 1 built 1 legend 1 grand 1 puts 1 gathered 1 farming 1 monitor 1 rested 1 puffed 1 force 1 cheerfully 1 initial 1 waffles 1 unlocked 1 commissions 1 birches 1 shove 1 silverware 1 precarious 1 fit 1 robbers 1 minerva 's 1 discovery 1 awake 1 recognition 1 arrangements 1 cursing 1 pandemonium 1 tracing 1 pretended 1 aware 1 radiance 1 purple - tinted 1 chose 1 lead 1 sliding 1 fitted 1 record 1 forgot 1 truth - beasley 1 apples 1 photographic 1 reel 1 high - velocity 1 blouse 1 monkey 's 1 america 1 poker 1 prominence 1 engineering 1 larvae 1 slowed 1 sweats 1 chauffeur 1 heaven 1 hearts 1 thrashed 1 sic 1 cabin 1 itur 1 scarred 1 unclassified 1 stories 1 pinching 1 naturally 1 lock 1 bastards 1 portions 1 buffalo 1 jotted 1 conducted 1 swirling 1 service 1 talons 1 patriarch 1 sprung 1 exceedingly 1 beasley - the 1 sidelong 1 surged 1 feeling 1 cigar 1 surmise 1 mon - arch 1 prediction 1 thanks 1 grave 1 swayed 1 circuit 1 void 1 milled 1 shaft 1 progress 1 minor 1 indistinct 1 sleeve 1 gnash 1 oh - have 1 sagged 1 blood - warm 1 weight 1 stock 1 reality 1 firsthand 1 wheezing 1 finished 1 bucks 1 of- 1 sublime 1 loves 1 folding 1 chores 1 drawn 1 overcame 1 extinct 1 chafe 1 grow 1 bird 1 italy 1 wink 1 squeeze 1 over - grown 1 slamming 1 glamorous 1 muscle 1 valuable 1 hardly 1 playfully 1 mission 1 find 1 brief 1 rooms 1 drowned 1 array 1 estimated 1 site 1 love - less 1 year 1 limpid 1 laboratory 1 bettie 1 sprawled 1 shambling 1 nixon - era 1 muscles 1 photos 1 steel - blue 1 soap 1 riveting 1 worst 1 skated 1 transparent 1 rutted 1 gardener 1 cubes 1 conscious 1 fluttered 1 jumped 1 hemmed 1 thousand 1 breakfast 1 nights 1 saltbox 1 hovered 1 happen 1 bodyguards 1 irregular 1 statesmen 1 slipping 1 migrated 1 some - times 1 ornate 1 compound 1 spurs 1 rain 1 rachel 1 comrade 1 shavings 1 surplus 1 captured 1 joints 1 whining 1 swelled 1 handlebar 1 nonetheless 1 nicked - up 1 acrid 1 ephemeral 1 nice 1 immaterial 1 half - a - dozen 1 methods - scrying 1 timber 1 associating 1 haven't - you 1 whispery 1 whicker 1 owe 1 blond 1 i 'd 1 boy 's 1 moral 1 miniature 1 ur - progenitor 1 necklace 1 handle 1 equipment 1 students 1 demand 1 beaten 1 hints 1 curtains 1 hennessy 1 deeply 1 vitally 1 recovered 1 dominated 1 owed 1 eccentricities 1 bear 1 cloying 1 satisfaction 1 snuffled 1 walkie - talkie 1 pitcher 1 disbelief 1 quantity 1 outbuildings 1 doctor 's 1 weeks 1 witches 1 pardon 1 cars 1 gasped 1 amusing 1 spectral 1 bottomless 1 frames 1 independent 1 approached 1 quality 1 eighty - seven - minute 1 hanger 1 intensity 1 raw 1 industriously 1 vision 1 squashed 1 thus 1 cataclysmically 1 daily 1 cloth 1 schnapps 1 worms 1 waste 1 described 1 hand - sewn 1 physiologist 1 whiskey 1 thrilled 1 astrobiology 1 named 1 free 1 detested 1 pun - i ' m 1 prison 1 bags 1 scary 1 evolution 1 explanation 1 hour 1 others 1 loose 1 relay 1 tasteless 1 territory - a 1 click - clacking 1 tool 1 sent 1 transition 1 chorused 1 impressive 1 orders 1 you ' ve 1 lacquered 1 guilty 1 gon na 1 pissed 1 somebody - i 1 clay 1 aspects 1 fragile 1 boss 1 ticked 1 spread 1 ass 1 arched 1 bosom 1 broke 1 protest 1 chain 1 longstanding 1 bangkok 1 rack 1 ruddy 1 charnel 1 submachine 1 washboard 1 mummified 1 snifter 1 admittedly 1 cousins 1 ad 1 defenseless 1 insect 1 dwindled 1 link 1 grandmother 1 lingered 1 radiant 1 complement 1 lives 1 peer 1 truth 1 sherwood - the 1 flaming 1 weeds 1 roofs 1 bananas 1 trawled 1 shriek 1 slid 1 won 1 clinked 1 fail 1 chocolate 1 savage 1 memorized 1 cryptic 1 fake 1 though 1 attack 1 mottos 1 assuredly 1 prehistoric 1 inextricably 1 secret 1 surf 1 soullessly 1 visited 1 extract 1 motive 1 pancaked 1 offer 1 mixture 1 wisely 1 silk 1 immigrated 1 chaos 1 burrowed 1 dodos 1 urgent 1 puppet 1 blurbs 1 squat 1 centered 1 waist - high 1 beetle 1 public 1 mood 1 succumb 1 rumbled 1 yelling 1 x - ray 1 too - warm 1 pattern 1 eastern 1 soothing 1 ruffled 1 taking 1 problems 1 william 1 ponderously 1 unnerved 1 reflected 1 scientist 1 anyhow 1 hummed 1 techs 1 echo 1 sections 1 faces 1 path 1 vines 1 single 1 stout 1 justify 1 trapezoidal 1 observe 1 drew 1 tomb - dark 1 importer 1 roundabout 1 chuckle 1 seaside 1 faded 1 open - back 1 cords 1 shoes 1 normally 1 fourth 1 peeked 1 g-2 1 surroundings 1 namely 1 fred 1 ushered 1 appeared 1 shellac 1 reclined 1 dogs 1 hand - ground 1 compare 1 serrated 1 propped 1 pretending 1 clearly 1 deformed 1 warbled 1 pill 1 tone 1 machines 1 touch 1 spikes 1 barrage 1 alive 1 directors 1 actor 1 within 1 pesticide 1 led 1 imaging 1 concluded 1 covers 1 undeterred 1 solemn 1 exclusive 1 dressed 1 stream 1 myself 1 jellyfish 1 feverish 1 store 1 dreams 1 b - list 1 trip 1 wear 1 luminescence 1 oily 1 pastures 1 shaggy 1 tiny 1 bemused 1 machinery 1 spain 1 70s 1 goodly 1 walking 1 tallest 1 bank 1 evolutionary 1 redeye 1 youth 1 blessed 1 invariably 1 concomitant 1 stanford 1 sideways 1 says 1 straightened 1 naturalistic 1 wasted 1 heart 's 1 dissertation 1 blew 1 knees 1 admired 1 brawler 1 ghoul 1 got ta 1 frequency 1 zoology 1 wits 1 whip - cracks 1 duck 1 hamlet 1 idea 1 vegetation 1 sallow 1 unwelcome 1 confided 1 drowning 1 restrained 1 confirm 1 equal 1 cluster 1 honor 1 oblong 1 concentrate 1 guy 1 gesticulate 1 sixteen 1 docs 1 grandfather 1 astra 1 used 1 entwined 1 steps 1 story 1 nightmare 1 screeched 1 loosely 1 nor 1 scared 1 looks 1 sneak 1 ground 1 housed 1 lab 1 tracked 1 coast 1 dragnet 1 must ' ve 1 flavor 1 stark 1 seltzer 1 chandelier 1 unwise 1 burrow 1 rinds 1 melting 1 otherwise 1 green - lighted 1 desire 1 bunkhouse 1 trailing 1 reveal 1 should ' ve 1 festival 1 afterward 1 purgatory 1 grotesque 1 rushed 1 arthropods 1 darkened 1 a - lab - i 1 nibble 1 facades 1 sign 1 change 1 are n't 1 mavericks 1 cyclopean 1 body - guards 1 newspaper 1 averted 1 thirty 1 realize 1 rests 1 endure 1 sizes 1 sinuses 1 pedipalps 1 lurked 1 magically 1 mesh 1 peel 1 womb 1 coasted 1 coppola 1 neglect 1 burring 1 brushed 1 extinction 1 imaginary 1 spill 1 comprehensive 1 fog - wreathed 1 wing 1 objects 1 unknown 1 promising 1 machine 1 enigma 1 names 1 point 1 murderous 1 wail 1 forehead 1 gained 1 actresses 1 rosy 1 verge 1 bulb 1 does n't 1 hoisted 1 gehenna 1 pull 1 fences 1 cached 1 sinister 1 conviction 1 meters 1 association 1 lungs 1 locked 1 marshes 1 fella 1 fancy 1 thoughts - his 1 game 1 maples 1 gripped 1 pariplenata 1 bland 1 sunk 1 swallow 1 palpable 1 award - nominated 1 nearly 1 snowflakes 1 glitch 1 pure 1 hayricks 1 inevitable 1 so - so 1 eccentric 1 mold 1 australian 1 rich- 1 headlights 1 floral 1 trot 1 ivory 1 flabby 1 stove 1 feminine 1 minute 1 leftovers 1 floes 1 volunteers 1 mercurial 1 try 1 wiry 1 bullet - headed 1 circumstances 1 polish 1 wings 1 stealthy 1 circled 1 vain 1 field - however 1 pigs 1 archives 1 read 1 respects 1 killed 1 cannes 1 translated 1 paint 1 hyperbolic 1 holocaust 1 byways 1 champagne 1 adrenaline 1 squirm 1 psychedelic 1 scattered 1 skyscrapers 1 care - fully 1 maui 1 present 1 ruggedly 1 dryly 1 starlet 1 subdue 1 headed 1 that 'll 1 bathed 1 exultation 1 sweetheart 1 extraordinaire 1 amid 1 ate 1 lured 1 reminiscent 1 weather 1 flare 1 um - hmm 1 expanses 1 health 1 languorous 1 supposed 1 governor 1 gradually 1 coops 1 reign 1 sang 1 crucible 1 skies 1 predawn 1 thinner 1 ventured 1 fastening 1 task 1 clock 1 ultimate 1 senses 1 gently 1 jelly 1 academy 1 scowled 1 adult 1 accident 1 dicey 1 seem 1 glance 1 inhospitable 1 horn - rimmed 1 massive 1 stage 1 thompson 1 clung 1 extremely 1 too - short 1 drab 1 setup 1 shingle 1 revelations 1 sneaked 1 misadventures 1 segue 1 terminated 1 blank 1 membership 1 steel - they 1 surreptitiously 1 raise 1 affair 1 opens 1 tread 1 completely 1 bentley 1 songs 1 lines 1 homes 1 acid 1 bloodthirsty 1 poster 1 loneliness 1 scaled 1 minus 1 caromed 1 imprecations 1 imagery 1 sloshing 1 sleeping 1 tube 1 fumbled 1 guilt 1 powerhouse 1 obsidian 1 cavalry 1 humans 1 loyal 1 pens 1 dimmed 1 bout 1 origins 1 stacks 1 overboard 1 contribution 1 spots 1 intelligent 1 iced 1 microscopic 1 daredevil 1 cream 1 show- 1 pronto 1 immediacy 1 emotions 1 crossed 1 old - timers 1 super - sixteen 1 rear 1 instincts 1 listen 1 brown 1 bought 1 hopped 1 spectrum 1 fur 1 foundation 1 principles 1 sabers 1 hips 1 scapulae 1 ridge 1 football 1 underground 1 hugged 1 stupid 1 informed 1 railing 1 contractor 1 scrabbling 1 person 's 1 demands 1 remained 1 live 1 counter 1 soul 1 freshener 1 collage 1 pupils 1 success 1 rotor 1 checked 1 prawns 1 minerals 1 vases 1 team 1 shitter 1 anne 1 modifications 1 picture 1 moods 1 seriously 1 financiers 1 totally 929 .
outside of reading and writing , he is a beginning swimmer , a gym hater , an avid gardener of sugar baby melons , a lover of jokes , and a planner for the great zombie apocalypse ( it is coming , people ! ) .
spencer listened with non - imitated fascination , and was inspired to share a story of an experience he endured as a child of how he witnessed a brutal and unforgettable scene as a child of a bicyclist killed by a driverhow he was nt wearing a helmet and that his head was cracked open like a busted - open melon , a mess of blood and brains and pieces of skull splayed out covering almost the entire intersection ; his corpse as inanimate as a crushed fruit that had dropped and began leaking its innards at large quantities .
two of the creatures heads exploded like a melon hit with a hammer .
the grill of the car made contact with the first infected person after about 10 yards , and to this day i will never forget the sick thud and the splatting sound that echoed through the car as it got bent over the hood and its head hit the windshield full force , shattering like a melon .
a splat further desecrated his once shiny right shoe as the head exploded like a melon tossed off a building .
something thudded , wet and hollow , like a melon dropped on the floor .
unlike the vine , which was in his cheek most of the day , he d only used cauva two times in his life : once when he d slipped on loose stones in the kilashan and busted his head on a boulder , and once when he d twisted his ankle in the shun and the blasted thing swelled up on him to the size of a melon .
maybe something without a hole in the north wall , or something without a roof that sagged like an old melon ?
but just look at it , he added , waving to them blindly , unable to take his eyes from what appeared to be a lumpy melon .
mums took a step closer and discovered it was not a melon , but a rock .
he came to rest at a handful of melon - sized burrows and was back on his hands and feet at once , scrambling across the ground with his butt in the air and his beard plowing muck .
iman turned back to the thing that was not a melon , studied it like the disciples of valley rock might study a holy relic , and straightened himself to full height .
at five months pregnant , her baby bump was shaped like a melon .
then he fires a cap into the injured suits melon , killing him instantly .
cadaver heads explode like melons , steel claws crush long dead skulls , pulling them apart as if they were eggshells .
and then came a crushing sound like that of wood and metal striking melons and pumpkins .
look at these melons . '
debris came crashing to the ground as his weapon sliced through bark as easily as a sword through a soft melon .
her swing hit home , plunging into the side of the creatures head , splitting it open like a melon .
his crotch had swelled terribly ; his underpants looked as if someone had stuffed a honeydew melon into them .
if he opened the door the woman would spill out and break open on the pavement like a sack of rotten melons and the smell would be warm and steamy , wet and crawling with decay .
for a moment forty - two - year - old justin hurd 's mind was totally open to four - year - old david brown 's , and david understood that justin was ripping his entire garden to pieces , plowing the unripened corn back under , tearing up the pea - patch , squashing the new melons to pulp under the wheels of his tractor .
she steps over royal , whose head is crushed like the afters of a pulpy melon , and stands in front of moses 's cell .
you coulda smashed your melon like a cantaloupe .
why he might be down at the roadside fruit stand admiring the melons and apples .
i ve been called a lotus blossom enough times to warrant a quick melon juice there , while starting my tour of cairo .
or was it a melon ?
i hate melon , vern said ruefully .
frank backed down laying flat on the ground , his eyes as wide as melons .
then one day , a dozen ruffians broke through his garden gate and started helping themselves to his melons without asking !
halfway across the porch , he stopped to lift the brim his cowboy hat and sip from the straw , which was sticking out of his melon .
he had just worked the straw away from his lips when a man with a syringe dashed out the screen door , jabbed the melon , depressed the syringes plunger and rushed back inside without a word .
thank you , said the watermelon dude , tipping his hat at his luck , long after the melon had been stabbed .
he drifted down the front steps in a frightening fashion with his watermelon , but somehow managed not to fall , or drop the melon , and he only trampled the vomiting man slightly .
at one point , he joined a dancing couple , and , tucking the melon under one arm , he casually lifted the skirt of the girl to inspect her g - string underwear .
dude , was the watermelon dudes protest after he d staggered backward slightly and secured his melon .
shit , i d help you but i ve got this melon .
chapter three where , oh where , could he sit and savor his rigged melon ?
he had spent nights studying the moon in its various phases and listening to the creatures that were out in the desert , and , with a well - rigged melon to keep you company , a man could be very happy all night on a chaise lounge in the desert .
once he had reached the chaise lounge , he lifted his prized melon up to the starry heavens , and , executing a wobbly scissors kick , toppled onto the lovely , waiting bed which he had chosen .
he dropped his melon and the beautifully mottled sphere plopped into the cactus patch , breaking open to reveal the vodka - stoked red mush .
he dropped his rigged melon , said one of the dancers drowsily , squinting in that direction .
shit , this hurts and i dropped my melon , the watermelon dude gasped at his nurses .
i call your tias musk melons .
there it is put away , my succulent musk melon .
a muffled cry came from between her melons .
the waiter reads back their order : '' so that 's two ham - hock terrines with red pepper and cauliflower piccalilli , one steamed shetland mussels with pancetta and pesto , and one partridge and mango roll with canteloupe melon , muscat and plum relish , followed by one pheasant breast with celeriac and potato dauphine , baked stone - grave figs , crisped parma ham and pan juices . ''
the succulent melons called out to him .
the injury messed up his melon to the extent that he became audibly inverted .
one slip up and well tattoo that melon with the logo of the highest paying big box retailer .
doug flashed back to the irs agents threat , nearly a year and a half ago , one slip up and that melon will be tattooed with the logo of the highest paying big box retailer .
he ordered melon for a starter , same as folklore and took his recommendation to have the lobster baked in champagne , but he could n't help noticing that the two men from british united plastics were ordering rather modestly ( making the excuse that they were both in need of losing a few pounds ) .
the melon was placed before them simultaneously .
if people are ever standing around a guy that says dadgum they should just punch him right in the melon .
and stop shaking your melon head like you disagree with me all the time .
full of orange , grape and melon yumm !
stay away from my brother or ill slice you open like a fucking water melon .
so pet had punched her hard on her oh so thin lips and told her once more like a fucking melon .
laura was giggling inside , as only the weekend previous , shed poured a pint of lager over a man who d suggested she had droopy melons for her age .
like a couple of ripe melons growing off of his numbers that 's enough about the guy at the hospital .
fyi ladies , for those of you wondering i m rockn two ripe melons .
trust me ; she did not have melons in her sweater .
it probably was nt a good idea , but how else was i going to get melon sweater out of his house .
i understand how this happens actually butif i know that the door on the 19th floor slams way too loudly when using the stairs to get to the club lounge on the 18th floor or that if you attempt to have breakfast in the club lounge after 7 am you had better plan on fighting people for a seat , any remaining fruit ( usually the green melon no one wants to acknowledge or the diseased grapes ) and count on getting your hand sprayed with the last remaining non - decaf coffee from the push down dispenser ( not enough for a cup but plenty for a scald ) , and that you have to write the parking pass number on the front of the parking structure ticket or risk getting a piece of helens mind i would hope they would recognize menot so .
they always have these fruit cups these days and they are filled primarily with melon rind ( which tastes just like it sounds ) and grapinssmall grapes that are close to raisin stage .
unable to keep up or contribute , i helped myself to a few slices of melon .
what i felt was a rougher sort of watermelon , and tasting it , it also lacked the pleasant savor of melon .
i had breakfast from my new favorite restaurant , the dessert melon it seemed better today than yesterday .
i had been harvesting dessert melon every day , i had cleaned out three whole cactuses , which i was definitely tired of .
with lin right behind , dean squeezed free of the packed women like a melon seed and ran to the street .
just admit that you d follow ms . dumplings and her melons around wherever she goes because you re a shallow , scum - sucker of a person !
other items included a knife , melon rinds , petrified black licorice , soda bottles , movies , a hot plate , and even a small microwave , all artifacts from the ghosts of fat camp - past .
wipe that stupid stripe off your melon . ''
we were both testing melons for ripeness .
since i liked the shirt ( and the accompanying tight black office pants which encased my ass like honeydew melons ) , i decided not to change into my pjs .
on wednesday he brought winter melon ( not watermelon ) for his classmates .
to serve it up , he also brought a very large and very shiny knife , which he waved around before inserting into the soft pale flesh of the melon .
during the years they d lived together alone in the big old house , both of them graying as it had grayed from weathering , the most frequent words between them were her buy cornmeal , flour , eggs , milk , broad beans , cowpeas , apples , mangoes , musk melons .
his bald head , the size and shape of a large honeydew melon , mottled like an overripe cantaloupe , is fringed with wads of cotton .
walked down past the garden plot with the dried vines of the melon , eggplant , cucumber and pumpkin .
people came to watch and climbed ladders to sit on top of the pueblo dwellings and sometimes clowns threw melons up to the children sitting up high with their legs dangling down .
have you a melon ?
roma is a blonde young thing with breasts like melons and a liking for player 's navy cut .
i bet she 's tighter than the skin on a melon .
the refrigerator held melons , cooked rice and yogurt .
while her body rested on the warm , soft cushion of the soil , she would pat the earth into its final form as a flat - topped hill for cucumber , squash or melon seeds .
it somersaulted out of the tree and made a dropped melon sound when it hit the ground .
he remembers having heard guys refer to her as marie melons .
its cucumber and melon scented .
and melon , she emphasized .
mrs . finnegans cucumber and melon fragrance suddenly seemed smothered by a dense industrial aroma .
this scent was mixed with a more familiar flavor of cucumbers and melon .
it was a nausea powerful enough to make miles almost wish that the elephants foot would put enough pressure on his head to finally burst it like a ripe melon , spewing blood , brains and cotton balls across the ground .
he hurriedly spat both the remains of his eating utensil and the melon back onto his plate .
as he placed another piece of melon in his mouth , this time gently with his fingers , miles thought about the task that had been given him , his art show for god .
yeah ... and what a fine pair of melons !
i know what melons are .
breakfast at the place downstairs , waitress with a nice ass , poached eggs on brown , slice of some kind of melon , more coffee .
yes , there were the standard displays of broccoli , cauliflower , carrots , beets , onions , potatoes , yams , apples , bananas , oranges , peaches , pears , several varieties of melons and some in season berries but what i saw so much more here and it was all fresh looking versus travel worn from being shipped north on a train or truck .
when she speaks , please do your best to focus on her words and not on her gorgeous and squeezably plump breasts , which are the shape of melons and perfectly - sized to envelop your manhood whole as you thrust it into the soft warmth of her cleavage .
i have made up for cutting the melon , nail sends away nail .
graces single plate contained cubes of cantaloupe , honeydew melon and pineapple , and wedges of orange and grapefruit .
i make tea , and he tells me about mountain revels , jugs of wine , mist hanging at dawn in stands of bamboo by a stream , young brides , empty cabins that once sheltered his friends , melon patches outside city gates , and the rabbit in the moon .
kane established an immediate connection with his camel , brushing his hand over the animal 's thick matted fur , observing its large teeth through shifting lips , its eyes like black melons .
let those elbows hang like carved oak branches , melon smooth , reeking of sun and pheromonic- salts .
for some reason , i wanted to spill a beer her but dawn reminded me of the bumblebee girl in the no rain video by blind melon but part japanese .
a woman with frizzled hair that tried to escape her melon head rose like a fifties b - movie monster out of the murky depths of the amazon and opened her blistered lips from the two seats she took up .
here elliot was , less than a century later , fawning over a devout catholic with breasts the size of melons , a woman who dated other men , humiliated and degraded him with her unwavering edicts .
she was much larger than i at first imagined her to be her belly bulging outward , like a ripe melon in a field , a small being developing rapidly inside her .
all lost their heads while nicolas did what he could to keep his own melon thinking rationally .
there were four melons in line on the machine he pointed out .
lucy switched it on at the wall socket and inserted a coin ; the mechanism tumbled but the melons remained fixed in place and a fistful of tokens fell out , clattering noisily in the metal dish .
and , the citizens of our little community were buzzing like honeybees on a busted melon .
all did : letting the sounds of their voices arrive in all their differentnesses : he with a deeper inhale and a nostril flaring exhale ; she with the whisper which pursed into a stream of whistled sound , high pitched but soft , wafting ; adjusting themselves , moving an arm , a leg , a hand ` ` falling asleep '' shaking it , maneuvering into those indefinable spaces of personal presence : feeling the current up and down the spine , trilling skin , which is each others breath , feeling it , hearing it , responding to it as if dance , indeed , dancing : holding breaths like partners touching hands , fingertips , then an arm on a shoulder , and waltzing ; this without a measure of time , not - measuring time being the discipline of the practice : eyes closed , eyes open , working only to see with the others breath , trusting that the tempo will rise , the beat catch its rhythm , there , together : attending closely to the other , so close that it is attending to ones presence ... deeply , slipping , imaging themselves as they have prepared , for preparation in ` ` other time '' was vital , that time for sharing images , stories , for summoning up the humor , from ` ` melons , i could nt get past them as melons ! ''
all did : letting the sounds of their voices arrive in all their differentnesses : he with a deeper inhale and a nostril flaring exhale ; she with the whisper which pursed into a stream of whistled sound , high pitched but soft , wafting ; adjusting themselves , moving an arm , a leg , a hand ` ` falling asleep '' shaking it , maneuvering into those indefinable spaces of personal presence : feeling the current up and down the spine , trilling skin , which is each others breath , feeling it , hearing it , responding to it as if dance , indeed , dancing : holding breaths like partners touching hands , fingertips , then an arm on a shoulder , and waltzing ; this without a measure of time , not - measuring time being the discipline of the practice : eyes closed , eyes open , working only to see with the others breath , trusting that the tempo will rise , the beat catch its rhythm , there , together : attending closely to the other , so close that it is attending to ones presence ... deeply , slipping , imaging themselves as they have prepared , for preparation in ` ` other time '' was vital , that time for sharing images , stories , for summoning up the humor , from ` ` melons , i could nt get past them as melons ! ''
they offer germinating seeds ( symbol of fertility ) in a pot and water melons ( symbol of son ) .
at the table there were grapes , strawberries , melons , and mangoes , fresh bread , cold chicken and prawns , grilled white fish and lemon juice , and chips cooked in a real deep - fryer .
and my gun is pointed right at your melon .
in the blink of an eye , he jerked me up , pulling me toward the school and away from eddie whose head cracked so loud it sounded like a melon busting .
i took a bite of honeydew melon and ate a square of cheese .
thinking of new mexico , i continued , ill have the green chile chicken with jack cheese , melon salad , ice tea .
he flicked his indicator down , hit the accelerator and yanked the wheel hard left into a small dead - end road called melon place .
a high - pitched screech filled the air as the little car tore backwards to where love was standing near to the entrance of melon place .
he s only gone and ended back at melon place .
on the way out of there they stopped at melon place .
it was cut lengthwise and piled high with melon balls .
a fat , rotund man with a bald , melon shaped head and a bulbous nose stared at them .
melons , corn , peas .
i think one of the small towns nearby is having a melon festival this weekend .
doug steps back , holding his palms up , fingers curled , as if carrying two big melons .
chilled honeydew melon soup .
the alternative was to serve melon to everyone , and his melons were not yet point .
the alternative was to serve melon to everyone , and his melons were not yet point .
for dessert , there will be glace au melon and a glass of sauternes . '
it hung on his shattered neck like a rotten melon .
the dead kid had a skull like an overripe melon .
` ` crunched the back of his skull like a rotten melon , and that 's not easy to do . ''
he 's also got balls the size of melons . ''
you see , if tom did nt get that card back and clean this mess up , his lungs were going to be removed by a melon baller , while he watched .
john newberry turned from the breakfast buffet in their dining room , his belleek plate sparsely adorned with a scrambled egg and a melon slice .
john newberry looked at the solitary melon slice on her plate .
elspeth withdrew her hand and picked up a spoon to carve open her melon slice .
i m not sure what i think about laurent dernier , elspeth said , returning to her melon .
as the head of the bed reclined , she arched her pelvis and reached her hands toward me between her thighs , palms up , as if proffering a melon .
mishoks gnarled appendages made a squashing sound like a head exploding , like a melon dropped from a two - story building , as he made his way into the empty halls of the deserted warehouse .
` ` i ' m eating this thing i think is either a melon or a squash . ''
he looked at the green thing , which tasted like a melon but looked more like a squash , with spikes .
on mondays he liked to go up into chinatown just after dawn , when all the deliveries were being made - crates of produce , carrots , lettuce , broccoli , cauliflower , melons , and a dozen varieties of cabbage , tended by latinos in the central valley and consumed by chinese in chinatown , having passed through anglo hands just long enough to extract the nourishing money .
she could n't look at another child 's body covered in patches of mangy skin , split like an overripe melon , cracked and bleeding .
wendy was tempted to veer her car to the right and take her out , watch that big melon head splatter onto the curb .
if it had been a normal night , if he had come up and told her that he was going grocery shopping , if he had made some clumsy double entendre before leaving , something about melons or bananas , something funny and stupid like that , she 'd have been on the phone with the police already .
she 'd smelled of cucumber melon after a shower , and to this day , whenever he caught the scent of it , his heart skipped a beat .
she tasted like vanilla lip stuff and smelled like citrus and melons and cleanliness and an indefinable , intoxicating something else .
` ` i 'll have a melon ball , please . ''
` ` no melon ball for her .
phil had given nash a tattoo machine and some ink for his sixteenth birthday and instead of trying to learn on pigs or melons they decided that they would try to learn on each other .
he could have called me honey or sugar or toots or melons or bitch and he picked chippy pete ?
she presses those oversized melons to my cheek before standing and walking around the table to her seat .
he made ham and cheese omelets , coffee for him , decaffeinated tea for me and cut up a melon .
denny was n't really anna 's favorite person anymore , not since he 'd beaten kellan to a pulp and rattled my melon .
i found a fresh honeydew melon in the fridge and started slicing it into bite - size pieces as a disharmonious twang filled the air .
finished with the melon , i hurriedly plopped the pieces into a bowl , then wiped the juice off of my hands with a towel .
i look over at him ; he 's holding out his hands in front of him like he 's got huge melons balancing in them .
pivoting in mid - air , he came down not on his back but instead on his hip , then shoulder , and finally the resounding thump of a melon hitting the ground .
he plucked out a piece of melon and held it up .
` ` you 're supposed to have dinner with me , '' he said , feeding me melon .
we played the cat and mouse game with the melon until he popped it in his mouth and grabbed me by the back of the head , kissing me .
so it was lucky for me i chose a pair of dark green , tailored , cuffed short - shorts and a kickass melon - colored tee that was sleeveless and had awesome drapey bits crossed tight at the neckline as well as light makeup , light perfume and a touch of cool - as - hell jewelry i 'd picked up at a boutique in paris .
thin , tank - like tee the color of the inside of a honeydew melon with ragged , torn - looking straps , one falling off her shoulder , what he was sure were dark brown short - shorts even though he could n't see her legs but that was all she wore , thick , dark brown leather belt with something stamped on the leather and a heavy silver buckle and he knew by her height she was wearing heels .
she thought her ass looked like two melons were rolling around under it .
ones that were n't the size of melons .
this ankle is the size of a melon .
her br**sts are perkier than melons , and i ' m looking at them before i realize that i ' m breaking my rule .
in response , joshua got up and went back inside the bar , returning shortly after with a glass of vodka and melon juice , the barman 's special of the night .
my eyes were drawn to the big table spread with a red checkered cloth and covered with assorted crackers , cheeses , sliced baguettes , olives , and prosciutto with melon .
i ve never seen someone get so excited over a couple of melons , luke comments as i m sifting through a fruit stand .
no wait , i take that back , i have definitely seen someone get that excited over a couple of melons .
we are eating jelly beans and sliced melon off a crystal plate and we have tall glasses filled with lemonade and a lemon wedge on the sides of our glasses .
her breath smelled sweet like the wine shed been drinking , and her skin smelled like the cucumber - melon - scented soap she always used .
even though it had been hours since shed showered , the cucumber - melon scent of her soap was still strong , and it was wrapping over me , around me .
i needed to feel her against me , to smell the cucumber - melon scent of her soap and feel her curves hugging my body .
i could magic her up some melons if you want , mortal - boy .
there , blanche caressed a small firm melon , ran her index finger over the carrots , and casually eyed up the other shoppers as she selected blushing pink grapes and a bunch of thrusting bananas .
the boys made a spirited attempt to clear the entire buffet whilst the pirate drank several large pernods and ordered vast quantities of melon ice cream , which he then did nt eat .
yes , of course with the exception of the melon sorbet .
grabbing a chair across from the woman , bay sat and reached to grab a melon ball from the little bowl in front of flossie .
is your melon fresh ?
i wrapped my arms around mama , and soon as i got my nose against the honeydew melon scent of her skin , the tears and whimpering started .
before i could set the heavy melon down on the kitchen counter , i sensed someone else in the room and spun around .
while i started munching on my berries , melons and grapes , frannie turned her attention towards my hair .
the blades chewed through the roots of canadian thistle and leafy spurge , noxious weeds that cass knew she 'd have to get rid of before she began planting beans , melons and squash .
alice asked between bites of her melon .
i breathe through the melon sized lump in my throat .
` ` went out and got a melon for lunch but did n't know what to do with the rest of it .
` ` you see , '' simon said , ` ` when i was a kid in texas , we used to walk through the watermelon fields kickin ' each of them old melons as we went until one was so ripe and ready that it busted right open .
mimosas - the orange juice and champagne fizzing in tall glasses , slices of melon , eggs benedict , and bagels with smoked salmon and cream cheese were among the delicacies spread out on the tables that had been set up and laid with white linen and gleaming silver cutlery .
avery speared a piece of melon and chewed .
there is no point in sticking my head out of the hole and waiting for it to be shot off like a melon .
and your br**sts ... they remind me of ripe melons just waiting to be tasted . ''
allenberg county devotes a full week to extolling the virtues of the melon .
he took the seat across from her , said , ` ` suit yourself , '' and picked up a luscious piece of melon and bit into it .
he 'd once seen minnie 's cook take a sharpened spoon and cut the flesh of a melon out in little balls .
she topped it with an oversize white t - shirt and twisted two scarves , one melon and one aqua , together to be tied around her waist as a belt .
plump mushrooms with lumps of crab , salty prosciutto wrapped around sweet , juicy melon .
his nose twitched as the clean scent of cucumber and melon rose in the air .
his private bath now smelled of cucumber , melon , and fresh soap .
he scowled down at her as he reached for a spear of melon .
` ` fresh oranges and melon .
i recommend the prosciutto and melon or the bruschetta . ''
it would sound like a melon being smashed , dull , sticky - hollow .
both heads jerked , and cracked together with the sound of splitting melons .
` ` i could hear it above the shouting , thumping like a melon being rolled downstairs . ''
i supposed i could n't really blame her ; moldy bread , rotted melon , and mushy apple slices might be research to me ; to mrs . bug , they could be nothing but a calculated offense to the god of cleanliness .
you ' ve balls as big as melons . ''
neeps , corn , melons , and the like .
the wet from the clothes had soaked through her muslin dress , and he saw the small swelling that had been hidden there , round and smooth as a melon under the damp cloth .
` ` like a melon hit wi ' an ax , it was . ''
i had kept a faithful account of my experiments with penicillin - the growing of cultures on media ranging from bread to chewed pawpaw and rotted melon rind , painstaking descriptions of the microscopic and gross identification of the penicillium molds , the effects of - to this point - very limited applications .
tanner swallowed a bite of melon and bared his teeth in a scowl .
when i come out after my first round , remington 's scowl greets me , while diane ushers me to her seat up at the front where she has a plate of melon , papaya , nuts , and cottage cheese waiting .
he bought some melon slices from a street vendor and shared them with her .
her stomach growled , reminding her that , except for a few pieces of melon in merida , her last meal had been on the airplane .
` ` perhaps it is our turn to bluff , '' he muttered as he picked up a slice of melon and bit into it , savoring the sweet , juicy flavor .
her cl**vage was plumped up like two ripe melons and it threatened to strain right out of her neckline .
the motion pinned her br**sts to the table , plumping them up toward her neckline until they mounded like two ripe melons .
she felt his hands slide beneath her bottom to lift her as if he were about to bite into a quarter slice of melon , and his mouth settled on her , drawing another cry of pleasure from her throat .
she peered up at him , her breath catching briefly as she took in the expression on his face and the nak*d hunger in his eyes as they dipped over the mounds of her br**sts where the corset she wore and the cut of the gown pushed them together and up like a pair of ripe melons about to tumble from a basket .
he was most like trying to figure out whether you were deformed , or just sporting a melon down there . ''
her br**sts were ripe melons , the n**ples straining against the thin , white material .
she 'd squeezed into a white satin and silk corset that forced her br**sts up like ripe melons being displayed for sale .
he followed summer to a buffet that had been set up at the back of the restaurant and they helped themselves to items such as fried kumamoto oysters , crab and avocado millefeuilles , and a lobster and melon salad with asian pear and thai mango dressing .
to get him back for his own flirting with melanie melons , but also because he 'd made it clear that she was just a temporary , sexual liaison that meant nothing .