cab would hate to know the woman who wanted that monstrosity on her finger .
i 'd snuck in here a few minutes earlier to try and adjust the monstrosity of a bow tie that was currently choking the life out of my windpipes .
my little blue prius was perfectly blocked in by a red monstrosity of a moving truck .
everything i had worked for , everything doc had worked for , was going to disappear into a monstrosity of a hotel .
hold his head - gently , dammit ! -while i pull this monstrosity off him . ''
i mean , i ' m insanely relieved that my brother calder made sure they could n't attach our family name to this monstrosity of a tourist trap , but surely they could have come up with something better than huntington manor .
there was no missing the huge monstrosity of a house with the crooked wooden sign hanging out front that read blackthorne farm ; it was the only house on that stretch of road .
he had the damn monstrosity .
still made me laugh to think that they 'd referred to this monstrosity of stones as a ` ` cottage . ''
it was a modern monstrosity at eight thousand square feet , but i liked my space .
dalton heaved the monstrosity onto the counter and turned to her .
there 's no view of the house from here , but if the rumors are true , it 's something of a monstrosity .
no one else would be caught dead in such a monstrosity .
` ` oh my goodness , would you believe the doctors told him not to go back to his office and remove anything at all , and yet he insisted he go back for that monstrosity ?
it was only in the last four years that it 'd grown into a monstrosity of workers who proudly followed his new code .
he 'd bitched about this monstrosity the moment she 'd shoved it at him .
` ` i 'll have two more shots and whatever that monstrosity is that she 's drinking . ''
the house was a monstrosity in terms of size but surprisingly welcoming .
hands over my middle , i turned my back on one monstrosity to face another that society had deemed too uncomfortable to put on public display .
i looked at winona , my thoughts zinging back to that monstrosity of a broken body found in the basement of the underground railroad museum .
` ` i want these guys , wayde , '' i said into the silence , thinking about chris dancing in delight as winona withered in agony and turned into a monstrosity .
the memory surfaced of winona fighting gerald as he stripped her , and chris dancing in delight as the curse made with my blood twisted her into a monstrosity .
ugly black monstrosities rose and fell in my mind , charms to mutilate , break , and destroy by playing upon the base desires , guilt , and fears of another .
i may not have written these hideous expressions of hate , but i understood them , even as i shuddered at their monstrosity .
twenty - seven mckell found himself standing in front of the most exclusive apartment building in new chicago , a towering monstrosity of gold - veined marble and rising columns .
when i faced the men again , eenli was smiling happily from the screen , his ugly face stretched into a toothy monstrosity .
a king - size monstrosity with gorgeous silk sheets appeared , and she crawled on top gratefully .
the fortress came into view , a towering monstrosity of shadow and stone .
he 'd been gone only a few weeks , and he 'd thought most of the others had been , too , but in that time someone had managed to turn the run - down monstrosity they cal ed home into a showpiece .
though she was cursed to remain inside this deteriorating monstrosity of a castle , somehow wrath was not .
a thirty - thousand - square - foot monstrosity for a few words ?
there was no other way the fae royal family could have gotten one of the monstrosities anya had commissioned .
the monstrosity slammed into his chest before thumping to the floor .
a monstrosity if ever he 'd seen one .
finally the main tent came into view , a big , red monstrosity her father had patterned after the circuses of old , and vika tripped over her own feet .
a towering monstrosity built more for withstanding attack than aesthetics .
finn grabs me harder than i think he 's intended , and the result is that my pumpkin coffee monstrosity tilts and spills onto the ground , barely missing my shoes .
by the time the swirl was done , i was pretty sure i was going to have an orgasm just from staring at that ice cream monstrosity .
the organ thrummed for two blissful seconds and then produced a choppy monstrosity of sound reminiscent of a cat walking across the keys of a piano .
the living room , a decorating monstrosity of gold and white everything , was to the left , a large staircase with gold tile to match the foyer was in the center , and a formal dining room - huge gold table - was to the left .
` ` well if she needs backup , let this guy know , '' he told me as he pulled maysie towards his monstrosity of a truck .
i grabbed the brush and fixed my hair as best i could , huffing when it stood its ground as a frizzy monstrosity .
` ` it 's this great monstrosity of a thing , '' she added .
i think it 's a monstrosity .
sure , you think i jest , but you have n't seen the thing - a looming silver monstrosity of dials and switches and funnels , all which ( if caressed in just the right way ) supposedly work to produce totally wired 's famed coffee , ` ` the best in new england . ''
their english country manor turned out to be almost dignified compared to the neighbors ' : as hallie strolled , she counted two tuscan villas , three stucco mansions adorned with greek columns , and one modern monstrosity - looking like someone had tossed huge cubes in a random heap .
chapter 14 ty had a handful of cartridges laid out in front of him , some the .40 caliber rounds for zane 's glock , and some the high - powered , armor - piercing monstrosities that loaded liam 's sniper rifle .
his teal tie , that matched grayson 's monstrosity of a dress , hangs from his neck like a noose .
if lacey ever saw this monstrosity , she 'd break out in a fit of hysterics .
situated behind the mansion and slightly to its left is a monstrosity that looks like it was ripped straight out of a horror novel .
logan says it calm , but i can tell he 's ready to snatch the monstrosity of a weapon from him and use it against the two of them .
send me to ezrina 's so she can detach me limb by limb rather than watch this monstrosity unfold .
instead , a monstrosity so horrific stares back i jump out of the closet and scream until my lungs burn with fire .
fenella , however , was wearing a pink monstrosity that was fifty years too old for her and looked like it was created to be worn to attend a tea party at a retirement home .
` ` her timing was n't great , just coming to this gothic monstrosity when ... '' julia stopped and looked at ruby then she started again .
i had n't even had the great pleasure of staying one night in that monstrosity thanks to my assignment .
the house was monstrous truly , it would have been better for the old duke to make a flag with his name sewn across it than build such a monstrosity that the whole of london could see his house from miles away .
i cut class and stretch out on a picnic table beneath the tiki monstrosity and lie there , completely still .
i leaned my arms against the prow , taking in the lavish mansions ; the modern glass and steel monstrosities and the attempted charm of the sprawling older homes .
strangely vulnerable , regan wolfed down her food , her eyes darting about the monstrosity of a bedroom rather than meeting darcy 's worried gaze .
leaning down he scooped sally off her feet and headed for the pink monstrosity of a bed .
the dagger stands upright , piercing my monstrosity of a desk and i point at him , giving my final instruction .
the trezians had built it as a monitoring station almost seven hundred years ago , but it had grown until it was some kind of technological monstrosity , expanding outward and upward every few years until it looked more like a floating mountain than a space station .
i stared at the blue monstrosity .
in the end , i 'd needed ella 's help to unbutton the monstrosity she 'd forced me into that morning .
this enormous scrap - metal monstrosity did n't exactly proclaim mental stability , and then there were the chains she wore everywhere- ` ` is it true ? ''
lauren jumped aside like it was a sled on the slalom track , so the brown plaid monstrosity thumped ahead of me back down to the floor .
come on , old man , i 'll buy you lunch and you can explain why you 're wearing that loud monstrosity of a suit . ''
tiny calls the whole place a monstrosity because we could fit fifteen or more city apartments inside it .
unfortunately , i ' m wearing a puffy pink monstrosity .
the cashier looked at the bra , glanced at tara , and then took the green monstrosity with her into the back room .
it 's a monstrosity of wood and stone and has a long , wrap - around porch .
everyone on the island knew that the old draycott house , a victorian monstrosity , was a disaster from foundation to roof .
there were always idiots who wanted flashy armored monstrosities that looked like something out of a postapocalyptic movie .
that damned ugly monstrosity of a house seemed fated to reappear time and again in his life .
then , two years ago , our uncle died and i inherited the monstrosity . ''
a man could hide out for days in this monstrosity .
a three - story stone monstrosity from the early 1900s , it hunkered like some great , brooding gargoyle on the cliffs above a skeletal beach .
` ` the house is an architectural monstrosity on the outside , but it 's even more over - the - top inside , '' julian said .
` ` why the devil does n't hart destroy this monstrosity of a fountain anyway ? ''
someone probably was set for life after making these little monstrosities .
windows glittered across the monstrosity of it , punctuated here and there by doors and balconies .
he did n't see isabella when they reached the house , but kilmorgan castle - not really a castle anymore but a sprawling monstrosity of a house - was so gigantic , she could be anywhere .
they all slowly froze to death together in the monstrosity that was balmoral , the queen 's recently built ` ` castle '' that was about as scottish as strudel .
what a monstrosity .
i took the purple monstrosity off and pulled the black dress off the hanger .
grendel sprawled by her feet , an enormous black monstrosity that had more in common with the hound of the baskervilles than with any poodle i had ever seen .
chapter 4 the vampire sat on his haunches in the waiting room , an emaciated monstrosity .
he 'd be as content living in a hovel with his wife and wee ones as he was in this monstrosity of elegance .
chapter four the vampire sat on his haunches in the waiting room , a thin emaciated monstrosity .
not here , outside this monstrosity of a house owned by an undead ass**le .
what part of denise would pay next if he continued to fail , warped into monstrosity by the demon 's essence continuing to grow inside her ?
chad echoed that while giving denise a once - over that made her feel like a woman instead of a walking monstrosity .
at the beginning of the semester , when we visited moma , i d dragged summer with me to stare longingly at the harpercollins building , a modern black - and - white - striped monstrosity .
i wish i could say that drew 's words magically transformed his face into the monstrosity he sounds like .
i ' m a hairdresser , so i always check out people 's hair , and this monstrosity on his head ... he 's swished it to the left side of his face , and has so much product in it ... i ' m scared to strike a match near him for fear of setting him alight .
i looked around for a chair , found an avocado green monstrosity behind one of the two empty metal desks , and sank into it .
he sat down at his desk and began tapping on his keyboard , which was actually a conglomeration of keyboards he 'd turned into one frankensteinian monstrosity .
he thought the mansion a monstrosity , though he admired how the building actually molded itself to the shape of the cavern wall .
what had begun as a simple organization , the committee to oversee the process of ascension to second society , had turned into an administrative monstrosity with fingers in every lucrative pie to be found in the financial sector of second earth .
all i saw was a dark room with a towel draped over the window , the bed frame an eighties black lacquer monstrosity that looked like all the members of a hair band should be sprawled on it in leather pants making metal horns .
it was a big redbrick monstrosity , with white pillars and a fountain out front .
she gestured behind her to a glass monstrosity .
her father would return to his monstrosity of a mansion .
where in the world had lilly disappeared to in this monstrosity of a house ?
vaughn 's home turned out to be a huge , modern monstrosity built in the midst of traditional suburbia , annabelle thought .
there was a staircase here - grand , but not the overwhelming monstrosity at the front of the house .
when she walked in , he was sitting in the plush leather chair behind his huge mahogany monstrosity of a desk .
the booth was a huge red - vinyl monstrosity , but even so , it was a tight squeeze for four mercenaries .
or if you want to live dangerously , i could get you one of these pink monstrosities taylor 's drinking , although i ' m pretty sure it 's made from just vodka and sugar . ''
i did n't know if it would have any effect on the tree , or the roots , but i was going to do everything i could to take the monstrosity down .
it 's a gigantic carved mahogany monstrosity , really .
they were in his kitchen - a giant monstrosity that seemed to swallow them both .
just plonk me on that monstrosity of a sofa and let me have a twenty minute nap and i 'll be just as lively as i was before . ''
i targeted his metallic monstrosities instead , and released my power .
i 'd once heard her go off on ` ` the ridiculous things people name their children these days , '' so i think she was relieved i had n't made up some weird monstrosity for them .
he glanced down and scowled at the paisley silk monstrosity around his neck .
i 'd nearly forgotten about those tacky green and white monstrosities that had been gifted to all of us .
the chimaera , for all their monstrosity , were more approachable than she was .
the bed had been brought in , and you had to give them credit for finding a baroque monstrosity that almost held its own in the fanciful chamber .
clark was son to john richards , our town 's biggest developer of residential monstrosities and vacation condos .
i comb my fingers through my hair and it does nothing to tame the wild monstrosity .
it was a huge monstrosity that sat right off the exit .
i thought of the house that i 'd dreamt of , that huge , dark monstrosity that seemed to ooze evil from every nook and cranny .
as if she were refusing to accept that this monstrosity could be real .
once we had the vehicle packed with the smaller luggage and the larger pieces were scheduled for delivery , we all piled into the three row monstrosity of an suv .
i stand behind her and stare at her back , wondering what kind of monstrosity lurks inside this woman .
it left the monstrosity of his right arm for all to see , but even that had been cleaned and was looking relatively acceptable .
of course not , it ll be some new polluting monstrosity .
red tried his hardest to disguise his disdain , but this poor sap simply did nt know who he was working for , the twisted ambition driving that monolithic monstrosity high above the people of britain .
above the monstrosity was another placard : clawfurt villain .
the drone who had delivered the recorded message accompanied the composite monstrosity .
the end result was a towering monstrosity that did full justice to its subject .
the many moons and asteroids were slung around the new mini - star in circles like a lasso , with each one eventually smashing into the planetglomerate ( making what was already a hideously ugly thing into a true monstrosity . )
i slowly paddled across the gloppy monstrosity of a lake .
so what is this monstrosity ?
there it was , just floating there ; that dreadful monstrosity that brought all the trouble .
they d barely left her alone before velion showed up in his flying monstrosity .
below the oculus , floating high in the air , was a strange rotating monstrosity .
kira gaped at the monstrosity and asked , what is that thing ?
its a monstrosity .
i hate making ugly people beautiful , and disguising monstrosity .
the monstrosity did nt budge .
the queen mary steams towards a massive structure that sits in the middle of the ocean , a technological monstrosity that is the new ori - reactor , a sixty story , quarter of a mile wide steel pyramidal structure that tapers off into a narrow flattop .
the army was a monstrosity that sprawled as far as the eye could see .
when the adveni arrived , they d set up buildings , large metal monstrosities that held the different elements of their science .
there was a woodcut illustration of one such monstrosity , a small lizard - shaped boy who throttled the carcass of a chicken over his head .
he was expecting to see some large , metal monstrosity , like he had seen in the museum of the first industrial revolution , something with metal gears , wheels and pulleys .
just what is that monstrosity ?
what if this monstrosity had been designed this way on purpose ?
symbols only they , and the crazy creators of the monstrosity of a building i was in , seemed to know about .
she remembered her first trip here and the terror when she had climbed that metal monstrosity for the first time .
my , brynna , i never noticed such monstrosities at the ends of your beautiful hands ...
i must confess to you that it seems a tad garish to build such a monstrosity .
perhaps you re right , but the monstrosity is built .
thunder echoed in the distance as lightning visage the horrifying windowless monstrosity that stretched across the fields below hovering over it like as leviathan .
time ; 2042 a.d . , chronix bay the darkness overlooking the black earthen terrain under the dark black and red skies reminded drax and tina that they were still in the future and that the future refused to change from the monstrosity they just came from .
a towering , festering monstrosity of a naked woman with six breasts awaited brenda the insightful .
an australian lady named gillian met with her one morning at one of the villas pools and two stagehands lifted a metal tubular monstrosity over her and strapped it to her back .
by the time i was done , the innocent little robotic vacuum had become a hulking monstrosity that emitted blazing lights and growled like a garbage truck .
the crowd gasped when i pulled back the cover to reveal my rottweiler - sized metallic monstrosity .
that monstrosity you call a rifle , bledsoe said , be careful , i could nt find the safety .
just then , the lightning flashed in time to reveal a monstrosity of a wave upon them .
they could add these branded technological monstrosities to the beautiful toys we make before the children wake up again .
josh yelled , ` ` i 'll turn this planet over to them if you do n't bring me the officials that give permission for that monstrosity to park in orbit .
my request , dear reader , is that if you enjoyed ashra , please give a copy or two or five to your family and friends that may enjoy reading this sci - fi monstrosity with an overabundance of the word explosion .
who designed that monstrosity ?
a gravely solemn brick and stone monstrosity loomed over us in the darkness , a building with too many chimneys and vacant windows peering outwards suspiciously , as though it saw the world as a hostile , savage place .
dismantle this monstrosity at once , barney barked to a startled adam kane .
he stared at the appalling monstrosity in disbelief , revolted by the terrifying and efficient destruction .
some eldritch god had consumed ares and spat out this monstrosity .
gilfoyles home was a glass - and - stone monstrosity of high arches and thin spires , set atop his largest grav platform like a haunted castle .
i said as i slid my tongue into his mouth , i exercise full restraint to keep from cornering you in some back corridor of this awful monstrosity of a ship and throwing myself at you shamelessly .
as we drifted backwards , away from the place that had held us in its grip for two and a half decades , i would stand , and in that strange bizarreness that can only be experienced in the hynogogic state , i would wave , my hand moving slowly , as i watched that steel monstrosity disappear into the clouds and gloom .
rising behind the rows of single - person ships was a silver monstrosity the likes of which nova had never seen .
to him , she could only be a horror , a monstrosity with too few limbs and a too - narrow face .
why , the impertinent monstrosity . ''
he was hunched over the giant set in the living room , a wood - paneled monstrosity that he 'd spent the last hour freeing from a pile of thirty - nine - patterned fire grates .
` ` that master board is a jury - rigged monstrosity .
as you build it and test it , we become more and more dependent on that jury - rigged ox monstrosity for our very lives . ''
and me ... they all know that i helped iadon start this monstrosity that has slowly killed our country . ''
picking through the row of black garments , her skin quivering at the thought of donning yet another flat colorless monstrosity of a dress .
how in domi 's name could a monstrosity like the mysteries come from a religion as innocent as jesker ? ''
who did that monstrosity of a slaveship think it was ?
what a monstrosity !
the thing lurches out of a side passage , a monstrosity of white fur and slavering fangs .
if the dreadnaught is a monstrosity like march believes , we must find a way to stop it .
jasnah 's bed , a four - poster monstrosity , took up half the space .
given that monstrosity of a shardblade by your people , cast out and absolved of any sin your masters might require of you ? ''
` ` he was mine , too , '' roland said , looking at die smoldering monstrosity .
` ` i have my own accommodation with this physical monstrosity which human hands loosed on the universe , '' oakes said .
` ` with jessica around , we can clean this up before that monstrosity gets rolling again . ''
he did n't think he 'd ever seen anyone but big jim himself behind the wheel of that monstrosity .
i just had to pause to dispose of his monstrosity of a sword . ''
` ` you are not wearing this monstrosity , '' arkady returned , ` ` and you are half out of the rocks , '' with some justice , for the rocks cascading over temeraire 's back had covered arkady to the base of his neck , so only his head and his wing - tips poked out .
she rose from behind a carved monstrosity of a desk .
the tumbling monstrosity of iron clattered over them - then bounced away .
halfway up hung a monstrosity of steel plate , razor claws , and titanium fangs .
but those scenarios had involved firefights or alien monstrosities or desperate dives into some planetary atmosphere .
byrd had commissioned the construction of a massive snow cruiser , a fifty - five - foot monstrosity capable of climbing polar mountains or forging giant crevasses .
instead , rce had built a giant and gleaming metal monstrosity right over the top of their site .
which meant that instead of contour - fitted gel filled chairs , they were sitting on whatever metal and plastic monstrosities the colony had lying around .
ethan glanced at the computer monitor - an ancient monstrosity .
that monstrosity was a city .
i will not come as you call , and you will have to divest yourself of that ... monstrosity that you carry .
frankly , that monstrosity looked like the frame of a large house enveloped in cobwebs to me .
i managed to get the monstrosity over into my yard , surprised i did n't pull a back muscle doing it .
he sat high upon the immense ancient seat of aegon the conqueror , an ironwork monstrosity of spikes and jagged edges and grotesquely twisted metal .
when it was time for the changing of the cloaks , the bride sank gracefully to her knees and tommen covered her with the heavy cloth - of - gold monstrosity that robert had cloaked cersei in on their own wedding day , with the crowned stag of baratheon worked upon its back in beads of onyx .
their destination proved to be the merchant 's house , a four - story monstrosity that squatted amongst the warehouses , brothels , and taverns of the waterside like some enormous fat man surrounded by children .
they musta spent millions on that monstrosity alone .
a big yellow monstrosity you d have to be rolling in money to afford .
demons were monstrosities , enslaving those they possessed .
this monstrosity of your creation is already at stake , if i were you i would remain silent until we ask you to speak !
on a raised stage sits a king - sized mahogany monstrosity with brocade quilts .
they skirted the perimeter and turned onto point mauri road , leaving the looming monstrosity behind .
i lift my head high and stand in awe of the monstrosity before me .
roughly one block and seventy thousand millennia away , a shadowed figure watched from its perch atop a viciously toothed monstrosity .
the many toothed monstrosity it sat upon shuddered beneath the shadows anger .
they d brought this monstrosity back to life .
horrible images played through my mind as i imagined my mother 's car crushed beneath the wheels of some metal monstrosity .
and then she was gone , along with her purple monstrosity of a sofa .
jamie asks as she lifts a hanger holding a short hot pink dress with sequins , its a one - shouldered monstrosity .
i m surprised she got through the doors , her hot pink monstrosity , something i remember jamie picking up in the store for us to mock , would be better qualified as a shirt .
lucy stood and did as she was told , holding the pink monstrosity before her .
we do nt need to deal with some monstrosity .
tonight was about being comfortable and no one would see underwear lines in the poofy monstrosity i d be wearing .
i trudged towards the towering , gray brick monstrosity that was shelby high .
we can whisper and still hear what is said even with this loud monstrosity called music playing .
mordred had taken a twisted sort of pleasure in the monstrosity of his own situation , because it seemed to confirm what he always wished to believe .
you think i d be wearing this monstrosity if i were nt trying to get caught ?
i fished in my bag and held out the pink monstrosity .
mr . djidou , cdes asked as they turned to leave , the ferrets and fairuns stone now safe , could that whirring monstrosity be used again for the same purpose ?
my guardians set about preparing me for this monstrosity of an event .
its a monstrosity !
jack spearheaded the way through the base and then up the hill toward the monstrosity of a teleporter .
were all going to that monstrosity of a high school up on the hill .
the monstrosity that we fool ourselves we control , but in reality controls us .
as usual , his pickup an old diamond t monstrosity that refused to die was parked in front of the store , and his giant dog sat sublimely in the bed .
he realized too late the monstrosity he had created .
the monstrosity took up so much space i could n't see past it .
jade court was a neo - urban monstrosity , a granite boil sprung from fields and countryside .
so yes , i was thoroughly obsessed with his ambivalence , a precious monstrosity which gives a whole new meaning to polyvalence and given the circumstances , even gave an actual meaning to omnivalence .
the turbulence of the black missile monstrosity shook the body of the life - boat .
this enormous and intense energy of light pointed out into space from the very center of the blue swirling monstrosity .
but they re so in rapture of the bullet train that they would overlook just about anything that would get in the way of building this monstrosity of a railroad .
todd was on that list after each victim that would make up the monstrosity his head would be stitched to .
he now turned that look on the fidgeting assistant that sat on the other side of his desk , a large oaken monstrosity that he would have gotten rid of years ago if it had nt been such a valuable piece of furniture .
john pointed toward a gnarled wooden monstrosity that sulked in one corner .
now i can see that during those wasted years at the desk this particular tumor became nothing short of a monstrosity .
and he became fixated upon hope , perplexed that on the previous occasion hope had been wearing an expensive , stylish black suit , whereas this time it was a cheap , brown checkered monstrosity : it was simply inconceivable to him that a robber who had gotten away with thousands of dollars would return so soon after dressed no better than a pauper .
eric is nt a fan of this trend - he misses the destination megaplex , with its cavernous , often half empty parking lots - but will admit these architects do often manage to tuck a sometimes hideous monstrosity away as unobtrusively as possible .
it looked as if a clumsy giant had accidentally dropped the modernistic monstrosity on his way to someplace like minneapolis .
he wisely holds off killing geoffrey , knowing full well he has someone to take the rap for all the monstrosities he plans to commit in the coming days .
and how safe could that rolling monstrosity in the driveway be ?
most of the rooms in the house contained only patchwork leavings now while he pondered whether to sell the eighty - year - old , three - story , twenty - seven - room monstrosity that he had purchased not so long ago to make his beautiful young bride happy .
the bedroom phone was one of those imitation antique monstrosities that a woman or an interior decorator would buy .
it 's bureaucratic monstrosities like the european union trying desperately to keep thousands of people off the unemployment registers that embarrass all our politicians because of all their other short term thinking .
i cringed to the monstrosity and sound of 300 pounds further assaulting deidre .
the serpent looked surprised , if it is possible for such monstrosity to do so , and seemed to pull back slightly .
somewhere in that monstrosity filled with monstrosities was the person she had traveled all the way to texas to see .
* * * chapter 19 once we reach the hotel , a high - rise ( luxury ) concrete monstrosity on amager , i leave lucien struggling with our luggage and head out in the taxi again to soerens flat .
it was getting late when they had devoured the entire monstrosity of a pizza .
that would be the beginning of our end , and finally this monstrosity may come to an end .
that is not to say that the new building was a monstrosity , far from it , perhaps only history would be able to truly judge both its artistic and economic merits .
he sat on the couch and turned on his tv , an enormous monstrosity that filled much of his small apartment .
the monstrosity took up half of the sweaty smelly gym , its smooth hiss like a rhythmic metronome .
you want me to sit next to that smug little bitch grace brookstein in some off - the - rack monstrosity ? ''
an elderly couple cringed off the drive at a blare from his klaxon and then on the right there were broad stretches of lawn and neatly flowered borders and a sprinkling of slowly moving figures , alone and in pairs , and behind them a redbrick victorian monstrosity from which a long glass sun parlor extended to the edge of the grass .
it was a monstrosity .
can you imagine such a monstrosity ?
` ` during the construction of this obscene monstrosity , vincenti incorporated back passages , ostensibly for servants ' use , but you and i know what they 're really used for .
as i sat in starbucks waiting for heidi , i could just see the monstrosity .
she needed to tell someone how confused she was when that man seemed to vanish as if the mask that had been his face fell to the floor and a leering monstrosity peeked back at her .
from here he could see the lights of the american sugar refining company , a four - block monstrosity that gave continuous birth to sticky pollutants and rodents you could saddle , and the fort point channel smelled of oil , yet he could n't escape the pleasure it gave him to stand up here and survey the neighborhood he and tommy coughlin had first worked as pups in their newfound homeland .
that seemed obvious to her from the way he 'd quickly removed his hat and scarf and then turned , as if presenting some monstrosity to her .
he blinked , his red , goat - slitted monstrosities chilling me .
and yet , if i squinted , there was a hint of that black monstrosity in the curve of his shoulders , the depth of his chest .
thirty feet high , six feet thick , the ugly monstrosity of iron , steel and concrete loomed over the perimeter of the fringe , surrounding the entire city .
the thirtyfoot monstrosity of steel , iron and concrete was always lit up at night , with spotlights sliding over the razed ground in front of it and guards marching back and forth up top .
` ` i should most profoundly hope not , '' replied lady maccon with real feeling , looking at the flower - covered monstrosity atop her friend 's sweet round little face and glossy black curls .
lady maccon lifted out the monstrosity .
ivy had rejected the blue gown for a more excitable puce monstrosity , with multiple poufs of ruffles like so many taffeta puffballs , and a wide belt of bright crimson tied in an enormous bow above the bustle .
sophronia 's dress today was a pale - yellow - and - blue ruffled monstrosity her mother insisted would do , even though it had been worn three seasons already , by three older sisters .
an uncomfortable monstrosity , it was a throne carved of six - hundred - year - old wallachian hardwood and acquired from an old church in the southwestern transylvanian alps .
jonathan kept up a colorful commentary for my benefit , embellishing the monstrosities taking place in the pit .
she 'd never seen anything to equal the monstrosity .
swiffle - on - exe was a silvery hodgepodge of thatched roofs , church steeples , and the looming monstrosity of bunson 's to the left .
thank god takata was in a suit instead of the orange monstrosity he 'd been wearing the one time i 'd seen him .
he seemed happy with it , for now , though he 'd probably go back to his old brass - and - glass monstrosity soon .
rumpet used the key to open the silver cabinet , an old mahogany monstrosity that gave no clue as to its true contents .
a small electric kettle was bubbling away on the edge of the desk , which was n't the wooden monstrosity i 'd imagined , but simply a small table .
there was a couch that seemed slightly better than the monstrosity in the war room , and dad and call sat there .
sure enough , a huge crystal fortress loomed , a jagged and glistening monstrosity of uneven towers .
strapped across the chest of his black long - sleeved shirt was a gun holster sporting a deadly looking brushed - stainless monstrosity ; she did n't even want to imagine the size of hole that thing could blast into someone .
on her side of the car was the brooding monstrosity of a hospital .
more importantly , even if they could build it , such a monstrosity wo n't touch us .
reichen went around a claw - footed monstrosity of a desk and opened a small hidden panel built into the polished mahogany surface .
` ` move that bookcase -- ` ` he pointed to a leaning monstrosity of shelves that looked ready to collapse .
the soot that covered my skin was not enough to keep me from looking like the virgin mary , and she sank into hymns and devotion , she even saw my veils in the colors she had known in churches of childhood , as she yielded to me , and i - knowing that i need n't drink , but thirsting for her , thirsting for the anguish she could give forth in her final moment , thirsting for the tasty red blood that would fill my mouth and make me feel human for one instant in my very monstrosity - i gave in to her visions , bent her neck , ran my fingers over her sore tender skin , and then it was , when i sank my teeth into her , when i drank from her - it was then that i knew you were there .
death or monstrosity .
that seemed obvious to her from the way he 'd quickly removed his hat and scarf and then turned as if presenting some monstrosity to her .
not this monstrosity .
` ` ceri , this is a lifesaver , '' my mom was saying as the young - looking elf lifted the green plastic monstrosity out .
mr . zetes had forced gabriel into contact with a giant crystal , a monstrosity of jagged edges that housed unthinkable psychic power .
that monstrosity had been covered with obscene growths , smaller crystals that sprouted like parasites from the main body .
a monstrosity with growths sprouting from every facet .
they called the tower a useless monstrosity , and a truly tragic street lamp . ''
she could see it on the horizon , a towering stone and crystal monstrosity atop a steep cliff .
the talented boy had taken the monstrosity in hand and subdued it with as much finesse as might be brought to bear upon drab olive canvas .
and i strongly suggest you put away that medieval monstrosity of a weapon .
i tried to turn my head , to close my eyes , and yet the monstrosity of it enthralled me .
which , he supposed , was why someone had plopped down this grand monstrosity of a hotel .
all too soon , they pulled up to a towering monstrosity of a house .
mrs . bethany 's bed was a carved black monstrosity , with spiral columns that supported the canopy overhead .
i slipped the cotton monstrosity over my shoulders .
it would normally take six or seven guys to lift this steel monstrosity .
pity rose in rhun at the sight of one of god 's creatures turned into such a suffering monstrosity .
i looked at the price tag beside the diamond - crusted monstrosity .
the house was already a hulking monstrosity .
their stone , a huge , towering monstrosity , had to weigh close to four hundred pounds .
the tower itself , a contorted monstrosity of trash and metal junk , rose to nearly forty feet .
the inn was lavished with spindle - work , did n't make sense , and was too elaborate , but it was n't a monstrosity .
it looked like some out - of - this - world monstrosity , which is exactly what it was , and in precisely five minutes mr . ramirez would be rounding the bend of this sidewalk , walking his rhodesian ridgeback , asad , just as he had every day for the three years i had lived here .
she lunged at me , a huge hulking monstrosity with her claws out .
you 're a soldier who faces a monstrosity .
the vehicle parked at the end of my lot was not only a monstrosity , it was a canary - yellow monstrosity .
the vehicle parked at the end of my lot was not only a monstrosity , it was a canary - yellow monstrosity .
you 're an abomination , a monstrosity .
it fit braith far better than his father 's monstrosity of a throne room would have .
perhaps she was the only one that did n't wear the awful monstrosities that passed as shoes around here .
our house is a monstrosity .
cassidy exclaimed , holding up some sort of blue feathered monstrosity that might have been either a coat or a bathrobe .
it looks like a castle to me - a beautiful architectural monstrosity .
this house was modest compared to some of the monstrosities in weslyn .
the beast had been part hyena , part lizard , a monstrosity , and it had raked him open from collarbone to biceps , rending his mail as easily as cloth .
he was with ixander , her greatest monstrosity to date , and was positively dwarfed by him .
pushing herself up with more strength than she thought she 'd have , ari glanced around , her eyes almost crossing over at the warring , clashing reflections that collided with one another in the monstrosity of the glass room she found herself in .
we 're walking down the street with my white , furry monstrosity practically pulling my arm out of my socket .
across a bright parking lot , lit with neat rows of glowing streetlamps , a huge glass , steel and cement monstrosity loomed at the edge of the pavement .
but as an ugly monstrosity , the images tainted by the memory of a stark black tower in the center of a blasted wasteland .
she 's determined to make me get behind the wheel of her black monstrosity sitting in the garage .
the carriage is a marvel as well as a monstrosity , a gift from her uncle .
i step inside the monstrosity and recognize a bunch of kids from my classes .
she pointed to the cellophaned monstrosity on the counter .
hanna , on the other hand , got stuck with a frilly , neon - colored monstrosity by betsey johnson , which made her look even fatter than she was .
` ` and the worst of it is , you only have to be in the same room and i need to touch you and kiss you ... . '' ` ` yes , that 's really too bad , '' i whispered , and my heart turned over as gideon took the hatpin out of my hair , tossed the feathered monstrosity into the air to fall on the floor , drew me close , and kissed me .
said mikey , a bit embarrassed that he , master of all imaginable monstrosities , actually said ` ` eww . ''
i actually preferred her version of a throne to my pretentious , golden monstrosity .
behind the camp looms the black monstrosity of the wreck , darker than the night and blotting out the stars .
my father is not capable of such monstrosity .
it was a huge iron monstrosity with a small rectangle at the top that slid open so you could peer inside .
jesse , someone i do n't even think marisa or even taylor knew was capable of such monstrosity .
he thought this bedazzled , sparkly monstrosity was my phone ?
and what monstrosity ruled over it all .
it was a large brick monstrosity .
instead she took the long way around , her headphones jammed in her ear so she would n't have to listen to the eerie silence of the monstrosity of the house .
next to her is a monstrosity of a dog with short gray hair and gunmetal eyes that match hers .
the monstrosity was fluffy , white and belled at the waist , with more lace , ruffles and ribbons than could usually be found under a christmas tree .
the waxworks creation area is sealed by a stout door and protected by a monstrosity .
the wooden monstrosity charged equally hard .
the scale of the monstrosity was astonishing .
he reached the desired door , a monstrosity of wood and iron .
jason and rachel stepped away from the hole as the headless body clambered out like some monstrosity from a horror movie .
ice , ice , baby wedderburn , mawer and graf had offices downtown , a glittering glass and steel monstrosity some twenty stories tall .
a chill wind skated over me ; i turned , staring up at the glass and steel monstrosity where the bitter - cold god hid from the modern world , like so many other ancient , terrible things .
he jazzes his hands as if this somehow pantomimes the split skin , the bulbs , the glow , the monstrosity .
the massive monstrosity does n't move .
hhr were already collecting another aircraft for me , so they would nt be arriving at my tiny airfield for at least four days , then the wings would have to come off and the whole lot transported by road and ferry , so yes please i said , and with a quick nod from topsy the monstrosity , with my precious under it , lifted off and headed down the mountain - ten minutes before it was due to arrive .
the monstrosity rose above dia in a grotesque manner .
stopping for a moment , he ponders how he will open such a heavy door , the wooden monstrosity obviously taxing its rusted iron hinges .
dave had visions of a half man , half machine monstrosity .
sometime between now and then it had changed from a beautiful house to a horrible , brooding monstrosity of architecture gone wrong .
in a matter of 150 years they had completely reassembled the entire monstrosity and even added to it .
it was evident that the monstrosity of this event and the callousness of the satanists who had carried it out had not just reverberated around the earth but had even reached the heavens .
something sparkled ahead and claire looked up to see the looming monstrosity of the hilton tower dominating the skyline .
fine , maya pouts waving her hand ; the corpse of her failed monstrosity melts into the cold stone floor .
pieces of the destroyed dragon fleet welded together in order to make one large monstrosity .
the metal monstrosity screams before exploding .
lance looks away and up where hanging in the cavern is the patchwork monstrosity , the witchkin dragonship .
each end of the double headed snake wore a fearsome pair of glairing monstrosities .
the dome dominated the skyline in front of her as if it was a true mountain rather than a monstrosity of steel filled with fake snow .
yet , he watches as she still shivers under the monstrosity of fur .
drawing closer neither man spoke , geheimnis ' mask impassive , but dredger sensed that he too found this monstrosity extraordinary .
if our engine ca n't do it maybe that monstrosity of a storm will !
i ' ve always disliked the american tendency to destroy old buildings and construct modern monstrosities like a strip malls or parking lots .
i thought she was my only monstrosity .
the lodge still struck me as an odd - looking , out - of - place monstrosity all lit up like an airport , floor after floor of swiss - looking windows and awnings that struck out peculiarly from the dark forest surrounding it .
the architect had come , built , and left , as if his sole mission was to create this monstrosity .
the monstrosity barreled down on me .
i went to see my friend joey buchanan who had an awful father he hated , a corrupt architect who erected shopping centre monstrosities in dundee and edinburgh while sailing untouched through a series of career - devastating political scandals which had jailed or disgraced some of his associates .
the building luther had grown from the seed of berns dismantled cabin was now a bulbous , multi - turreted monstrosity .
a monstrosity of an afterworld like this could only have been designed by a committee .
i shaved with some five - bladed pink monstrosity of a razor and it was a real challenge maneuvering that bulky thing around the tighter contours of my face .
what evidence for salvation do you see in that monstrosity ?
maybe his distinguished looks and fatherly manner hid a monstrosity .
it had been a small cuban community within fort myers then , but all her neighbors had sold out and moved away , one by one , and now sprawling , colossal monstrosities peopled with young white professionals surrounded the tiny little cuban woman in her tiny little house .
basha was frozen , staring up at the bird spreading its wings wide and screeching , as dazed by its sheer size and monstrosity as a tiny mouse about to be snatched up and eaten .
these were horrible monstrosities .
everything in his world stopped as the first car , the one with her in it , slammed into the monstrosity .
thals painful cries made her want to help him , but then his manhood was enveloped by wolfen monstrosity .
he was ready to unveil our monstrosity of a play .
i d glanced at my dads face and knew from his expression that we were both terrified of the monstrosity that my mom had made .
but what will aden gain by rebuilding this monstrosity ?
it is a huge , hulking monstrosity , a lumbering golem that roars and leaps to do battle !
he gasped in horror at the unholy monstrosity tearing the place apart .
the house was a big , bone white , ultra - modern monstrosity .
the bathtub was a brass monstrosity forged in the shape of a swan , and already filled with steaming hot water .
we inherited this monstrosity from my grandmother .
i glanced at my dads face and knew from his expression that we were both terrified of the monstrosity that my mom had made .
fato asked , staring down at the four - poster monstrosity .
once , long ago , he swore to end this monstrosity .
something that had once also been a black unicorn was now a monstrosity of itself .
very unexpected for that bloated monstrosity of an army .
the tired clich of bank robbing itself notwithstanding , my mood is not leavened by the nascent sunrise embossing the twinkling lights of the myriad police and tactical armoured vehicles corralled outside the bulky , neo - gothic monstrosity of the bank , itself like some vast stone cathedral to the gods of homo conomicus , or perhaps more like a spaceship as envisaged by early medieval christians preparing to wing all their earthly concerns into the heavenly vault above .
i would rather die , or never see my comb and handbag again , than be at your side , you grotesque monstrosity !
that ugly green monstrosity that you wear every single day between october and february .
verica would be a monstrosity .
wayden wondered how gior could blow his nose with that monstrosity .
the uperscope and the deck on top of the tower emerged first , water pouring off it in rivulets and waterfalls , revealing a polished silver monstrosity with lines of rivets and bolts running up and over , and a handrail all around it .
the whole monstrosity distended downwards from the ceiling .
this monstrosity is undoubtedly the uperscope - it uses mirrors and lenses and is most likely attached to a viewing teleoscope that protrudes from the top of the submarine - zelf uses this device to look at things above the surface of the water .
the last looked exactly like an ulnath while the first was a monstrosity in anyones opinion .
gone were the monstrosities , replaced by well - designed features .
there were no human men amongst the front lines , just feral things caught between humanity and monstrosity .
but , i ve been chairing this monstrosity and trying to keep my voice from shaking .
ornate , grand 1920s art deco frontages sat alongside brick monstrosities from the 70s .
in olden times when this victorian monstrosity was new , the rooms would have been servant quarters .
it shifted upon its wooden wheels , an iron monstrosity of spikes and blades , swinging back and forth .
one less wicked man to hurt those who talanas shines upon , one less pirate , bandit , brigand , monstrosity or heathen . '
no pale monstrosities here , he confirmed to himself , none that you do n't know , anyway .
by then , he would be gone , possibly drowned , possibly with his head bitten off by some horrible monstrosity .
and he beheld the monstrosity from which it emanated .
` ` we can rip through those defenses with the ... '' he paused and glanced at the monstrosity of metal and spiked machinery that stood at the center of their line .
we were in a huge greenhouse , a victorian monstrosity that stretched up at least two or three stories in graceful arches of wrought iron and frosted glass .
cosgrove 's mortuary was a sprawling three - story victorian monstrosity that looked like a shipwreck from another time .
there had been the quizzing device , a three - ton water - driven monstrosity based on a recently discovered design by leonard of quirm .
the monstrosity before me would be serving as ` ` home sweet home '' for the next seven months , and if it had a chain - link fence topped with curls of barbed wire , it could have been mistaken for a penitentiary instead of a dorm .
i owed the girls big time for this revelation and i also knew , no matter what the boys had planned for the weekend , cora had won the bet and i d be walking down the aisle in whatever monstrosity of a gown she selected .
glamourless , asmodeus was a squat , wide , lumbering monstrosity .
only it took becoming an alien monstrosity to see it .
the monstrosity of sexual intercourse outside marriage is that those who indulge in it are trying to isolate one kind of union ( the sexual ) from all the other kinds of union which were intended to go along with it and make up the total union .
his whole imaginative training somehow encouraged him to associate superhuman intelligence with monstrosity of form and ruthlessness of will .
in her own world that green was beautiful and fitting ; it was his pasty white and angry sunburn which were the monstrosity .
a tornado of sheer monstrosities seemed to be pouring over ransom .
he was a monstrosity - a made thing .
the heaviest , most dangerous object i could readily grab ahold of was seth 's dictionary , a leather - bound monstrosity that he kept on hand because he ` ` did n't trust the internet . ''
they might have been okay before they became mainstream , but now they 're just another corporate monstrosity that all the sheep flock to . ''
he reached for his drink - a peach - colored monstrosity with enough sliced fruit for a salad in it - and took a sip .
there were no words to describe the monstrosity that lay underneath the tantalizing , innocuous mask .
he reminded christine of a puppya horrible monstrosity of a puppyeager to please its master .
and evidently you missed the point of the book completely if you think that doctor frankensteins creation was a vicious monstrosity .
upon entering he immediately recognized the chair , my monstrosity of a visitors chair , and plunked himself down in it quite cheerfully , bounced a little , did it again .
heat radiated from the cast - iron monstrosity .
it matters not , for clement will be firmly in philips camp when he sees the monstrosity that is your true nature .
when he was done , his glance wandered over his appearance until his gaze came to the rectangular monstrosity that marked every imperial branded suit .
vastation - laird barron : z non - fiction - z concordance - 3.0 vastation 441 the 252 and 202 of 193 i 186 a 127 to 109 in 81 my 70 that 49 was 45 me 45 it 38 s 38 from 38 he 35 with 35 his 34 were 31 or 31 they 31 for 31 on 30 t 29 one 28 as 28 into 27 is 25 at 24 an 24 them 23 who 22 by 22 we 22 when 21 him 20 d 19 m 19 like 18 be 18 their 17 old 16 our 15 had 15 but 14 what 14 went 14 up 14 all 14 are 14 through 13 so 12 only 12 wife 12 ve 12 while 12 out 12 before 11 no 11 than 11 most 11 ones 11 well 11 got 11 time 11 do 11 not 10 universe 10 back 10 this 10 over 10 there 9 even 9 you 9 dark 9 those 9 more 9 how 9 few 9 black 9 every 9 down 9 us 8 set 8 its 8 potter 8 just 8 after 8 any 8 other 8 man 8 human 8 don 8 then 8 hole 8 ever 8 because 8 which 8 been 8 around 7 could 7 right 7 upon 7 good 7 pontiff 7 cat 7 made 7 such 7 city 7 myself 7 didn 6 ll 6 never 6 god 6 came 6 if 6 her 6 much 6 left 6 last 6 some 6 forth 6 until 6 brain 6 think 6 everything 6 red 6 light 6 blood 6 day 5 going 5 matter 5 sleep 5 eventually 5 go 5 dream 5 little 5 past 5 molecular 5 themselves 5 another 5 has 5 hell 5 house 5 earth 5 humanity 5 long 5 might 5 two 5 will 5 future 5 six 5 am 5 fleas 5 beneath 5 once 5 pod 5 night 5 along 5 times 5 sacrus 5 high 4 can 4 gone 4 people 4 really 4 better 4 arms 4 real 4 would 4 existence 4 self 4 fire 4 many 4 she 4 way 4 questions 4 later 4 kept 4 end 4 smoke 4 pretty 4 whole 4 actually 4 did 4 again 4 sometimes 4 next 4 big 4 hundred 4 except 4 soft 4 far 4 also 4 cell 4 planet 4 eye 4 certain 4 occasionally 4 nothing 4 although 4 darkness 4 have 4 oh 4 undying 4 eyes 4 ages 4 about 4 maybe 4 own 4 thick 4 ways 4 each 4 half 4 still 4 very 4 nonetheless 4 stars 4 space 4 within 4 cosmic 4 travel 4 wasn 4 re 4 killed 4 these 4 see 4 either 4 enough 4 thing 4 years 4 first 3 show 3 personal 3 milk 3 white 3 exist 3 near 3 fat 3 fireworks 3 damned 3 say 3 pit 3 turn 3 gave 3 shit 3 bed 3 great 3 sure 3 new 3 rats 3 ted 3 material 3 roof 3 park 3 come 3 decided 3 mind 3 seemed 3 masses 3 none 3 form 3 baby 3 give 3 plague 3 being 3 walls 3 now 3 too 3 hadn 3 turned 3 days 3 via 3 spent 3 planets 3 million 3 things 3 men 3 off 3 known 3 does 3 girl 3 itself 3 during 3 open 3 life 3 mirror 3 extra - dimensional 3 dead 3 together 3 continent 3 fucking 3 extant 3 force 3 said 3 hollow 3 water 3 started 3 bastards 3 three 3 full 3 find 3 imagined 3 moon 3 became 3 selves 3 same 3 spread 3 between 3 since 3 alive 3 tiny 3 youth 3 mother 3 used 3 nor 3 softy - cuddles 3 hand 3 pogroms 3 across 3 finally 3 version 3 leave 3 side 3 milkman 3 works 3 remained 2 super 2 survivors 2 bench 2 everyone 2 return 2 drunk 2 rose 2 final 2 mccoy 2 etc 2 happy 2 table 2 green 2 yellow 2 fungus 2 wonder 2 blasted 2 perfect 2 colonies 2 prior 2 holland 2 teatime 2 get 2 behind 2 bottom 2 hot 2 enter 2 distorted 2 necromancer 2 bottles 2 prime 2 2 2 booze 2 millennium 2 fills 2 meat 2 squad 2 desired 2 sea 2 lord 2 eater 2 ur - nyctos 2 match 2 bloody 2 purged 2 away 2 beyond 2 dirty 2 whores 2 pyrenees 2 understand 2 passed 2 under 2 intellect 2 regenerated 2 forgotten 2 x 2 jeff 2 pictures 2 living 2 technology 2 ignored 2 bubble - domed 2 hunch 2 shadows 2 kind 2 hooks 2 send 2 nuked 2 regions 2 your 2 daughter 2 acolytes 2 diabolical 2 space - time 2 method 2 monster 2 look 2 where 2 fact 2 seen 2 recall 2 convinced 2 probably 2 slime 2 file 2 bunkers 2 skull 2 paper 2 devil 2 circle 2 make 2 burning 2 slept 2 grew 2 inside 2 suspect 2 strings 2 likely 2 tribe 2 know 2 physics 2 fungal 2 flea 2 sucked 2 discovered 2 scrolls 2 puny 2 sucking 2 sucker 2 genetic 2 so - called 2 meant 2 world 2 gaze 2 equilibrium 2 seed 2 priest 2 chief 2 candle 2 walk 2 galaxies 2 event 2 best 2 maw 2 flagellants 2 king 2 carried 2 makes 2 fear 2 sack 2 standing 2 yard 2 waves 2 vacuum 2 cal 2 teeth 2 flies 2 angry 2 despite 2 doesn 2 forces 2 alien 2 star 2 clouds 2 lot 2 stasis 2 began 2 terra 2 irradiated 2 efficiency 2 returned 2 organs 2 perhaps 2 trying 2 imagine 2 land 2 knew 2 worked 2 flesh 2 race 2 epochs 2 killing 2 fine 2 tea 2 watch 2 meanwhile 2 quantum 2 rome 2 assimilated 2 line 2 need 2 center 2 tears 2 villa 2 drink 2 crete 2 details 2 vaults 2 pupil 2 war 2 cycle 2 morning 2 carbon - based 2 happening 2 float 2 terrible 2 pushed 2 care 2 heat 2 dreamed 2 family 2 45 2 primal 2 mass 2 crack 2 crude 2 invaders 2 security 2 games 2 couldn 2 understood 2 everybody 2 civilization 2 pals 2 face 2 home 2 rock 2 legend 2 gathered 2 measure 2 sapiens 2 several 2 peephole 2 feel 2 liquefy 2 cockroaches 2 exponentially 2 hillside 2 reckoning 2 horror 2 settings 2 iteration 2 reality 2 finished 2 however 2 accompanied 2 crushed 2 kid 2 allowed 2 among 2 thousand 2 private 2 whining 2 tar 2 homo 2 lanterns 2 indeed 2 artificial 2 billion 2 sat 2 deep 2 horizon 2 similar 2 summer 2 named 2 free 2 sent 2 raised 2 yet 2 friends 2 smelled 2 feed 2 truth 2 won 2 billions 2 thought 2 restless 2 children 2 lowered 2 body 2 pocket 2 dna 2 gods 2 appeared 2 backward 2 dogs 2 himself 2 lost 2 always 2 watched 2 machines 2 limited 2 rap 2 bullets 2 stream 2 painful 2 echoed 2 bored 2 level 2 done 2 hammer 2 absorbed 2 relativity 2 true 2 worm 2 0 2 afterward 2 host 2 called 2 elvis 2 small 2 dread 2 found 2 game 2 android 2 former 2 ask 2 dozen 2 nearly 2 mold 2 take 2 impossible 2 tracking 2 present 2 joined 2 comrades 2 perfected 2 general 2 lovely 2 whispers 2 size 2 orgy 2 buried 2 humans 2 metropolises 2 brought 2 blackness 2 drop 2 party 2 scientists 2 sentient 2 checked 2 vases 2 team 2 modifications 2 destroy 2 tokyo 1 bonkers 1 zipped 1 noah 1 hominids 1 pissy 1 throes 1 wait 1 absorbs 1 screws 1 lumbered 1 portal 1 flattened 1 favorite 1 project 1 rulers 1 sheets 1 death 1 ashore 1 lies 1 muck 1 creates 1 quaking 1 infertility 1 resembled 1 rustle 1 ran 1 grapes 1 trouble 1 goddamned 1 identify 1 processes 1 failed 1 punctuated 1 depths 1 squatted 1 toss 1 warm- 1 growl 1 hear 1 suspicion 1 sufficient 1 chicago 1 lack 1 wheel 1 cooked 1 updraft 1 juncture 1 stone 1 jupiter 1 snail 1 cerebral 1 possesses 1 breeding 1 matted 1 cracks 1 second - in - command 1 exhale 1 accumulating 1 drugs 1 latter 1 heft 1 evening 1 wildfire 1 holding 1 lowest 1 deal 1 bc 1 thoroughfares 1 exaggeration 1 sentimental 1 cephalopodan 1 slicked 1 ooze 1 denomination 1 b 1 logic 1 pulse 1 vast 1 delay 1 codes 1 seconds 1 riot 1 shat 1 showering 1 dissolved 1 poison 1 burger 1 job 1 stripling 1 leader 1 secrets 1 met 1 tooth 1 missed 1 port 1 detached 1 research 1 eliminated 1 crib 1 application 1 arrived 1 laws 1 drifted 1 both 1 appreciate 1 rushing 1 e 1 locations 1 lest 1 inspect 1 erstwhile 1 spied 1 obliterate 1 spouse 1 speed 1 squads 1 attach 1 drinking 1 plotted 1 regular 1 ventures 1 manager 1 wet 1 respected 1 pots 1 semi- 1 maniac 1 emperor 1 third 1 governments 1 poles 1 spasms 1 disease 1 stole 1 planning 1 constituent 1 spray 1 something 1 wasting 1 batteries 1 incidentally 1 remote - operated 1 twirled 1 smear 1 effete 1 stuff 1 teeters 1 age 1 hells 1 infinite 1 higher 1 dilates 1 rewind 1 mental 1 rouse 1 van 1 howdy 1 foot 1 wrap 1 tiles 1 plan 1 ticking 1 monstrous 1 commoner 1 reversing 1 devours 1 replicating 1 gargoyle 1 hope 1 die 1 cook 1 toga 1 gets 1 ops 1 pot 1 cloning 1 ours 1 lounged 1 drawback 1 hurts 1 primordial 1 entire 1 nanobots 1 cantonese 1 wine 1 simple 1 splattered 1 blame 1 sown 1 exterminating 1 listened 1 hair 1 amuses 1 devised 1 hurtling 1 coup 1 mathematicians 1 achieves 1 bean 1 expected 1 fraternize 1 spectacle 1 mousetrap 1 calculation 1 yesterday 1 trapped 1 god - emperor 1 insinuated 1 shine 1 woke 1 nigh- 1 talking 1 surprised 1 curdled 1 gravity 1 massacre 1 mare 1 planned 1 liberace 1 iterations 1 exiled - potentate 1 far- 1 watching 1 lacking 1 amok 1 sitting 1 punch 1 stack 1 sisters 1 thrown 1 brainboxes 1 thirteen 1 campaigns 1 remaining 1 understanding 1 spilled 1 damn 1 presented 1 beachheads 1 populations 1 flame 1 penetrates 1 series 1 questing 1 switch 1 implosion 1 snuffling 1 faster 1 bards 1 clone 1 tended 1 osmosis 1 proxy 1 sine 1 swims 1 grasped 1 original 1 seldom 1 slew 1 wise 1 mysterious 1 torment 1 writhing 1 dear 1 squandered 1 rotting 1 proud 1 online 1 qualifies 1 bud 1 iron 1 biological 1 griddle 1 feasted 1 gurgles 1 preferred 1 inches 1 move 1 biting 1 dusty 1 moments 1 hacking 1 goes 1 velocity 1 notice 1 nerve 1 motion 1 prosperous 1 wifey 1 medical 1 movie 1 soon 1 kong 1 sycophants 1 theory 1 miss 1 laird 1 sending 1 reach 1 lurching 1 reliable 1 scarcely 1 particular 1 beautiful 1 transmogrifies 1 protoplasmic 1 cork 1 follow 1 endless 1 zero 1 cowardly 1 cells 1 resistance 1 bio 1 jean 1 hum 1 gigantic 1 costumes 1 landmarks 1 scream 1 struggled 1 chest 1 mush 1 departure 1 wave 1 synchronized 1 someone 1 herself 1 programmed 1 peels 1 grown 1 arguably 1 intelligence 1 burst 1 entirely 1 stations 1 lifetimes 1 flung 1 states 1 suffice 1 pal 1 boogeyman 1 tripped 1 infancy 1 wide 1 researchers 1 skippy 1 invasion 1 start 1 rubbed 1 swiss 1 actual 1 voice 1 fiasco 1 resurface 1 begins 1 generated 1 far - flung 1 father 1 changed 1 crept 1 alignment 1 anyone 1 suck 1 awful 1 honeycombed 1 eight 1 forward 1 acquired 1 beat 1 madness 1 colleagues 1 sol 1 bugs 1 insides 1 sake 1 animates 1 punk 1 soldiers 1 croak 1 choir 1 cross 1 chattered 1 io 1 facets 1 regarding 1 ceiling 1 utopian 1 writers 1 conculcated 1 demonstrate 1 hundreds 1 information 1 carthage 1 chinks 1 misery 1 shrieking 1 shapes 1 anticipated 1 village 1 commode 1 survived 1 part 1 rescue 1 settle 1 doctor 1 lifeless 1 insane 1 obscene 1 shocked 1 ungainly 1 aesthetic 1 knows 1 cats 1 fucked 1 disaster 1 rim 1 basket 1 means 1 recorded 1 blind 1 flags 1 dystopian 1 bureaucrat 1 moaned 1 remainder 1 awarded 1 drag 1 fuse 1 slimy 1 grist 1 brine 1 humor 1 seven 1 advanced 1 making 1 effluvium 1 master 1 matches 1 axis 1 state 1 heard 1 flat 1 grandma 1 numerous 1 fossilizes 1 modify 1 tedious 1 behavior 1 pet 1 vendor 1 george 1 afterthought 1 fly 1 outdated 1 least 1 less 1 depending 1 percentage 1 hank 1 lead - filled 1 bobbed 1 ink 1 custodian 1 swallows 1 lunchbox 1 glop 1 toward 1 servitors 1 cuffs 1 fate 1 intended 1 gene - splicers 1 science 1 crowd 1 puff 1 shoulders 1 odor 1 hanging 1 termed 1 rat 1 monstrosity 1 fabric 1 bounce 1 eat 1 pasta 1 solicited 1 wake 1 glass 1 quadrillions 1 against 1 kitchen 1 certainly 1 music 1 bumps 1 carefully 1 occupation 1 playing 1 else 1 society 1 hiding 1 flickered 1 busy 1 scratch 1 ability 1 aspect 1 traitor 1 ulterior 1 stiffening 1 howling 1 slithering 1 fourteen 1 lesbian 1 rope - a - dope 1 bells 1 peculiar 1 purported 1 plank 1 somebody 1 cathode 1 twenty- 1 hu 1 rapidly 1 squatting 1 display 1 liberal 1 disappeared 1 escape 1 colors 1 six- 1 bat 1 why 1 sigh 1 eradicated 1 talks 1 orbital 1 dissolve 1 scraps 1 stonehenge 1 notwithstanding 1 mills 1 shone 1 slavering 1 oversized 1 scooped 1 wars 1 funny 1 contracted 1 reorganizing 1 follows 1 design 1 enemies 1 american 1 fantastically 1 olives 1 soliloquy 1 unmodified 1 vastation 1 paintings 1 involved 1 united 1 boys 1 murdered 1 toilet 1 lincoln 1 inquiry 1 tendrils 1 visiting 1 eggshell 1 varieties 1 vein 1 g 1 fueled 1 smother 1 okay 1 ship 1 sit 1 powerful 1 finer 1 self - willed 1 thrill 1 wanted 1 fungoid 1 loved 1 idiots 1 culture 1 yacht 1 inscrutable 1 sitdown 1 worse 1 catatonia 1 mad 1 ye 1 bedroom 1 doctors 1 billie 1 recent 1 concentrated 1 tenant 1 devils 1 senators 1 celebrate 1 ex - wife 1 yeah 1 gang 1 expands 1 embolism 1 optical 1 strange 1 goo 1 sank 1 heralds 1 r 1 walnut 1 roam 1 grafts 1 straight 1 skirt 1 cymbals 1 mystical 1 unique 1 military 1 hint 1 smooth 1 figure 1 sawed 1 evolved 1 continental 1 baddies 1 mill 1 battalion 1 groundwork 1 july 1 illimitable 1 may 1 hoovered 1 penises 1 different 1 functional 1 goats 1 optic 1 amply 1 inheritors 1 wires 1 number 1 revel 1 cheese 1 jaunts 1 byzantine 1 dialects 1 relevance 1 remember 1 caligula 1 managed 1 summoned 1 ender 1 population 1 universal 1 exploded 1 vault 1 resist 1 proved 1 stern 1 mutant 1 suicide 1 cease 1 breaking 1 creatures 1 elimination 1 eagerly 1 mastered 1 animals 1 cortex 1 pierce 1 sound 1 crashes 1 spit 1 related 1 sauntered 1 predators 1 cavorted 1 mess 1 gears 1 strung 1 lutes 1 shot 1 mover 1 broadcasts 1 receive 1 nano - enhanced 1 banquet 1 birdbath 1 ha 1 stateside 1 activated 1 pathogen 1 annihilation 1 rise 1 displaces 1 skulk 1 lake 1 mushroom 1 dial 1 skulls 1 barron 1 sixty - seven 1 sacruses 1 kablooey 1 50 1 beetles 1 armageddon 1 safer 1 glowing 1 field 1 culmination 1 played 1 wang 1 rows 1 manually 1 current 1 ancient 1 inset 1 decades 1 fun 1 mortals 1 mid - sentence 1 convulsive 1 trillions 1 mustard 1 abyss 1 continuum 1 shortly 1 son 1 chinese 1 framework 1 explorations 1 scientific 1 complex 1 astro - physical 1 dirt 1 nine 1 egghead 1 filled 1 string 1 bunk 1 reason 1 burnt 1 poets 1 filmed 1 scrabble 1 tablets 1 octopi 1 useful 1 keeps 1 mud 1 anguish 1 revelation 1 centuries - long 1 ancestry 1 throat 1 honestly 1 squeak 1 lizards 1 shooting 1 words 1 infinitely 1 shallow 1 arrayed 1 enlightenment 1 macedonian 1 minutes 1 corpse 1 inbreeding 1 porch 1 box 1 distant 1 drops 1 suspended 1 rusty 1 macy 1 amontillado 1 whilst 1 essential 1 march 1 fellow 1 drip 1 personnel 1 establish 1 ice 1 imbrium 1 stages 1 fool 1 notion 1 hunger 1 mean 1 polyglot 1 whisper 1 stick 1 idiot 1 intuitive 1 fleshy 1 wicker 1 masturbating 1 socks 1 enclave 1 continual 1 primacy 1 weren 1 effect 1 pop 1 bahamas 1 saps 1 perspective 1 shaving 1 bessy 1 lay 1 react 1 major 1 replicants 1 place 1 intergalactic 1 above 1 help 1 vagaries 1 play 1 particles 1 learned 1 circuits 1 mortal 1 eldest 1 modest 1 materials 1 overlords 1 previous 1 ichor 1 overflowed 1 prince 1 cracked 1 choked 1 empathic 1 lights 1 guts 1 claw 1 birds 1 ganglion 1 catapults 1 perpetual 1 sulfurous 1 type 1 parchment 1 eulogies 1 lonely 1 perpetrate 1 uninterruptable 1 brink 1 eons 1 signified 1 south 1 neutron 1 homogenize 1 partially 1 astronomy 1 doubtless 1 yeasty 1 trinity 1 amount 1 laser 1 rival 1 jagged 1 venerated 1 government 1 told 1 york 1 sci - fi 1 contact 1 bombs 1 purge 1 fighting 1 snuffed 1 interest 1 poor 1 smiling 1 semaphore 1 sensibilities 1 astronomical 1 nano - cloud 1 come - back 1 build 1 sliced 1 descending 1 empire 1 horse 1 jars 1 reproductive 1 era 1 majesty 1 whimpers 1 stare 1 debunked 1 person 1 aimed 1 shell 1 regrettable 1 overpopulation 1 monsters 1 homicidal 1 slain 1 buffoon 1 crooked 1 rage 1 grief 1 antiquity 1 cowered 1 impressed 1 biology 1 hooted 1 fries 1 persist 1 outside 1 immortality 1 process 1 tong 1 young 1 witchcraft 1 herald 1 slipped 1 spiral 1 laugh 1 decipher 1 relentless 1 cylinders 1 reborn 1 bump 1 functionally 1 knowing 1 wiped 1 halloween 1 threw 1 power 1 rendered 1 anomalous 1 bizarre 1 adopts 1 notable 1 grip 1 mine 1 snowflake 1 nanoseconds 1 support 1 zen 1 ants 1 honorable 1 including 1 control 1 rugged 1 alight 1 valuables 1 hours 1 androids 1 redundancies 1 wood 1 hate 1 supercollider 1 unknowable 1 moody 1 ministry 1 critically 1 speak 1 contracts 1 layers 1 laying 1 rebuild 1 comprehend 1 lover 1 packs 1 undeath 1 writing 1 call 1 claws 1 undone 1 excite 1 blankness 1 humble 1 dregs 1 entities 1 forms 1 argument 1 tentacle 1 amazed 1 metaphor 1 replica 1 encounter 1 dog 1 looted 1 whatnot 1 severed 1 predict 1 moiling 1 easily 1 bathroom 1 comes 1 deity 1 pack 1 snored 1 closest 1 bang 1 conferred 1 barred 1 peep 1 breathed 1 slobbering 1 weak 1 caught 1 organizing 1 according 1 sloth 1 highlights 1 repository 1 hapless 1 petted 1 staff 1 release 1 si - phoned 1 cooking 1 dinosaurs 1 seas 1 scored 1 ouroboros 1 nerves 1 basic 1 chatting 1 trillion 1 drive 1 constantly 1 saved 1 artemis 1 roots 1 crumbling 1 concerned 1 conventional 1 flailed 1 simic 1 energy 1 system 1 month 1 beloved 1 orbit 1 nowhere 1 labyrinths 1 overseen 1 innards 1 model 1 appears 1 lasted 1 recklessly 1 avenue 1 calling 1 algorithms 1 brains 1 matrices 1 bricked 1 explain 1 sky 1 facedown 1 spoke 1 shuddered 1 enveloping 1 slow 1 highly 1 inner 1 blithering 1 beside 1 arm 1 affect 1 fundamental 1 sooner 1 materialize 1 survive 1 metropolis 1 visit 1 flip 1 case 1 licking 1 animating 1 mouth 1 rice 1 ago 1 stoop 1 silver 1 surface 1 slip 1 belts 1 thanksgiving 1 hostiles 1 veil 1 machete 1 altar 1 limericks 1 scatter 1 primitive 1 changing 1 cold 1 closet 1 dilettante 1 extra 1 touched 1 associates 1 flatten 1 beads 1 crawled 1 station 1 wound 1 linen 1 truly 1 crows 1 balls 1 lived 1 revere 1 polluted 1 castle 1 competing 1 hoover 1 remnants 1 run 1 shifters 1 twisting 1 quill 1 layer 1 distress 1 remains 1 glazed 1 revealed 1 cycles 1 couple 1 large 1 plug 1 brothers 1 literally 1 hands 1 snores 1 reversed 1 nuclear 1 laughter 1 noggin 1 built 1 sonorous 1 grand 1 strain 1 shred 1 bones 1 quasi - immortal 1 smashing 1 apex 1 spine 1 rabbit 1 breeze 1 haywire 1 took 1 expect 1 burned 1 starvation 1 collaborators 1 awake 1 rest 1 pitched 1 operator 1 generations 1 rinse 1 commission 1 flutes 1 laughs 1 believing 1 generation 1 pretended 1 aware 1 infiltrated 1 astronomers 1 plate 1 approximate 1 black - and - white 1 hideous 1 prof 1 props 1 eyeball 1 mushrooms 1 mechanism 1 whose 1 openers 1 guards 1 obliviousness 1 legs 1 beings 1 anthrax 1 love 1 fall 1 vitro 1 bowels 1 terror 1 work 1 ramparts 1 self - murder 1 stories 1 naturally 1 singularity 1 unto 1 re - growing 1 angel 1 ishness 1 emerged 1 mainstream 1 possess 1 reorganized 1 cigar 1 squamous 1 sprang 1 gargantuan 1 count 1 shakes 1 cardboard 1 imprinted 1 wish 1 booboo 1 minor 1 semi - infinite 1 motives 1 solipsism 1 wouldn 1 weight 1 joe 1 anthropologists 1 spewed 1 realistic 1 khan 1 delineating 1 freakish 1 hidden 1 extinct 1 grow 1 double 1 squeeze 1 changelings 1 paradise 1 mission 1 tenements 1 committing 1 drowned 1 intricacy 1 year 1 let 1 paris 1 shambling 1 photos 1 bush 1 slugs 1 crawling 1 approval 1 monkeys 1 stew 1 shrieks 1 transmogrified 1 trees 1 jumped 1 fours 1 reasons 1 happen 1 heel 1 rule 1 lethal 1 straying 1 compound 1 average 1 theories 1 marionettes 1 kills 1 usually 1 status 1 nice 1 problem 1 produced 1 charging 1 muckety - muck 1 dry 1 popular 1 exactly 1 warm 1 anew 1 reproduce 1 alike 1 wrongo 1 folds 1 eccentricities 1 converted 1 steam 1 conspire 1 disturbing 1 anachronistic 1 dimensions 1 due 1 sun 1 frequent 1 approached 1 organics 1 food 1 remembered 1 unbeknownst 1 replacement 1 thus 1 plum 1 daily 1 bits 1 bright 1 nails 1 roman 1 waste 1 changes 1 hold 1 asleep 1 thrilled 1 populated 1 rating 1 prison 1 regeneration 1 sons 1 disguise 1 tracks 1 others 1 larger 1 tomfoolery 1 campaign 1 compromising 1 sector 1 sneaky 1 nano - bots 1 fault 1 here 1 shade 1 pinhole 1 eaten 1 pissed 1 clay 1 eternity 1 jangled 1 ass 1 anon 1 gravitational 1 honeys 1 zapped 1 chain 1 rack 1 repopulate 1 admittedly 1 reset 1 lives 1 reply 1 clones 1 book 1 hollywood 1 saltes 1 put 1 passage 1 scuttled 1 chocolate 1 fools 1 dissect 1 fake 1 though 1 dinner 1 attack 1 operating 1 secret 1 betwixt 1 extract 1 sprouting 1 dreamers 1 atmospheric 1 collar 1 riffle 1 squat 1 slapping 1 wheedling 1 mood 1 flea- 1 thwarted 1 x - ray 1 quenching 1 scriven 1 cameras 1 resists 1 dignify 1 whiteness 1 unnerved 1 scientist 1 imagination 1 tripping 1 path 1 sporination 1 stout 1 single 1 observe 1 masticates 1 craze 1 reactions 1 dimension 1 television 1 faded 1 scan 1 swung 1 foothills 1 fourth 1 crocodile 1 scrawled 1 bum 1 scheduled 1 configured 1 properties 1 archetypes 1 fro 1 amphibian 1 latent 1 led 1 points 1 covers 1 thread 1 justice 1 sower 1 slanted 1 dam 1 dreams 1 track 1 weird 1 acted 1 milkshake 1 copped 1 bust 1 oily 1 echoes 1 backstop 1 erase 1 someday 1 insensate 1 attended 1 train 1 comatose 1 celestial 1 inconceivable 1 blew 1 onions 1 spring 1 gusher 1 studded 1 singular 1 newborn 1 cheat 1 corner 1 sallow 1 cocktail 1 complicated 1 empty 1 nukes 1 equal 1 ftl 1 slaughter 1 concentrate 1 depopulating 1 longer 1 surprising 1 scores 1 mankind 1 calculations 1 welts 1 steps 1 limp 1 press 1 scared 1 ground 1 fantastical 1 languished 1 historians 1 reintroduce 1 malice 1 leaf 1 tech 1 explore 1 resembles 1 timeline 1 executions 1 half - million 1 rushed 1 masters 1 further 1 base 1 congruent 1 randomly 1 spy 1 slingshot 1 puppets 1 territorial 1 step 1 mesh 1 activates 1 immense 1 olden 1 existences 1 metaphorical 1 roughly 1 names 1 centuries 1 crowded 1 forehead 1 loop 1 stretches 1 magnitudes 1 throne 1 twin 1 weakly 1 briefly 1 color 1 fancy 1 instead 1 exposed 1 ozone 1 diagrams 1 lightless 1 throb 1 c 1 shabby 1 low 1 pure 1 poetic 1 elixirs 1 modification 1 paul 1 held 1 gene 1 smarter 1 temptation 1 flabby 1 screams 1 minute 1 purposes 1 occasions 1 hanged 1 linear 1 school 1 self - replicating 1 ennui 1 officer 1 circumstances 1 wings 1 cave 1 fell 1 enemy 1 courage 1 snap 1 nagging 1 expired 1 vermin 1 stroke 1 sandals 1 lobotomized 1 republic 1 heavy 1 petting 1 shrieked 1 drove 1 dome 1 dormant 1 ate 1 stem 1 bursting 1 programming 1 swapped 1 draw 1 stalked 1 throughout 1 alas 1 correct 1 comparing 1 gradually 1 reign 1 rehabilitation 1 spinning 1 skies 1 five 1 slinky 1 ultimate 1 senses 1 misspent 1 fooled 1 heightened 1 jelly 1 multiplying 1 promptly 1 spiny 1 bunnies 1 tell 1 supremely 1 inhospitable 1 blackest 1 falls 1 sectors 1 elephants 1 specialist 1 irritated 1 babies 1 sunset 1 fired 1 shirt 1 cloud 1 tasks 1 bloom 1 gotten 1 balance 1 modern 1 lurch 1 short 1 limbs 1 dirge 1 subatomic 1 paid 1 resultant 1 chance 1 millions 1 majority 1 moderately 1 basics 1 carry 1 name 1 door 1 sleeping 1 genghis 1 guilt 1 edgewise 1 schmuck 1 non - euclidian 1 yokohama 1 nullify 1 exiled 1 require 1 sides 1 philosophy 1 ride 1 mouse 1 dick - stiffening 1 burn 1 drowsed 1 momentarily 1 cream 1 tongues 1 defiance 1 rear 1 avoided 1 vacationed 1 listen 1 bought 1 fur 1 principles 1 incomparable 1 remain 1 quarter 1 underground 1 rend 1 lap 1 tormented 1 cask 1 mused 1 reduced 1 trousers 1 nearer 1 deed 1 answers 1 feared 1 leap 1 fought 1 tachyon 1 persons 1 jr 1 superpowers 1 contrail 1 room 1 appearance 1 pluto 1 saw 1 demonstrated 1 revive 1 consumed 1 scene 1 athens 1 chopping 933 .
big comfy couch , she thought , glancing at her own uncomfortable , tartan monstrosity .
they were the eyes of some hideous monstrosity .
and within its reeking , fetid scarlet darkness , lurked things of creeping gloom -- nameless hordes of things like that unthinkable monstrosity that i had seen flow into steele 's body .
i picked up my pace , sprinting as quickly as i could away from the monstrosity .
so many innocent lives had been twisted into these monstrosities , and none of them deserved it .
he / she cried as a child for his / her unarmed being , for his / her limit in front of so much monstrosity .
you / he / she would not even have succeeded in making some indication to the monstrosity of that event without reliving the whole horrendous ordeal .
if she could live with their monstrosity , it did not mean that she would be able to bear the burden of not having saved an innocent man from a conviction he had nt deserved .
a screaming , hissing monstrosity .
he proffered a napkin and a sandwich ; this one identified as ' beef ' but again looked like a green - filled monstrosity .
but then again , considering what it could have become , even though it still survived , it would never be anything more than a monstrosity ; its hollow , rotting and near - lifeless trunk the ultimate metaphor for the remnants of the elven race .
most were utter failures , ending in foul deaths , or becoming monstrosities too horrid for even lecynic to endure .
ok , then , you drive that metal monstrosity .
the tattoo that covered his entire chest and back was a psychedelic monstrosity .
traveling at supersonic speeds , the demon - commandeered , monstrosity - driven edifice crashed into the forest of flesh with an explosion of blood and flying arms , legs , and genitals .
15 with its disguise of semantics carefully removed and laid aside , what those who criticize the talc of horror ( or who simply feel uneasy about it and their liking for it ) seem to be saying is this : you are selling death and disfigurement and monstrosity ; you are trading upon hate and violence , morbidity and loathing ; you are just another representative of those forces of chaos which so endanger the world today .
no jurassic park monstrosity ( her first thought , god help her ) , and no oversized piece of mining equipment .
the thing in the bag looked like a shopworn freak show monstrosity .
curt and tony unpinned the monstrosity from the corkboard .
there were , of course , exceptions to the rule - and in most cases the exceptions were real monstrosities .
there was another story - only a rumor , surely , but strangely persistent - that within the caves which honeycombed the stone behind the idol 's jewelled forehead there lived a hive of giant albino bees , swarming protectively around their queen , a jellylike monstrosity of infinite poison ... and infinite magic .
he did not believe the monstrosity matt had implied , but nonetheless he found himself engulfed by a wave of the blackest fright he had ever known .
was there some other hotel , perhaps even another rambling old victorian monstrosity of a hotel , on the pacific coast ?
getting away from such a monstrosity as reuel would have made even a kid dying of terminal cancer feel a little cheerful , he figured .
then his voice , still tuneless , but now amplified to the point of monstrosity , a giant 's voice bludgeoning into johnny 's head : ' from this val - leee they say you are going ... ' stop it , johnny wanted to scream .
keenan 's house was an architectural monstrosity spread over a quarter - acre of land , all slanting angles and steep - sloped roofs behind an iron fence .
that side of peter 's face was lit with a lurid green light , making him look like a comic - book monstrosity .
for a girl your age to be exposed to such monstrosity .
the monstrosity was the ugliest thing julius jennings had seen in all of his sixty two years .
( she demanded that i get it to replace my sequined monstrosity , and when i did nt , she bought it for me . )
barnabys hand was an accident across the highway , and mulraney just had to slow down to see the monstrosity of tangled steel and flesh .
i ca n't stand the monstrosity , but she pops in at the most unexpected times to check on me , so i have to keep it out . ''
she helped herself to a seat on the soft chaise instead of in the uncomfortable monstrosity across from the scary woman .
alec let them in and tossed his keys on the oak monstrosity in the middle of the room .
you claimed he wishes to twist my people into grotesque monstrosities .
in the present calamitous circumstance unfolding in the bahia de acapulco , i stared down my greatest phobia : the irrational dread of being rammed by a mammoth sea vessel , forced helplessly into unwanted contact with its cold hull [ complete with resident jellyfish , starfish , seaweed and sea spiders ] , and vacuumed against my will beneath the metallic monstrosity where spinning propellers -- their fins the size of country barn doors -- rotated systemically , yearning to pulverize me into a mangled mash of unidentifiable flesh and bone .
god knows what genetic monstrosity might be created by such a system .
i privately thought it was a monstrosity , but i was damned if i was going to say anything derogatory or slighting about dad in her presence .
who in the face of such monstrosity could possibly retain his courage ?
staring at this monstrosity on the screen , i realised i had two options : clean up this disaster as best i could , or start again from scratch .
this rolling monstrosity had appeared in many southern arizona parades and was always sure to create little or no interest in the public .
all gordy could make out was what a shameful monstrosity and should be locked up .
she was the only woman not dressed in black , bright red , or the gold - braided monstrosities that were considered fashionable at the time .
the work of teaching brickwork had become a monotonous monstrosity again .
moments later it dissipated , revealing a huge , rambling old monstrosity of a house that might have been built by an edwardian manufacturer trying to look established and victorian .
the pink monstrosity of chips ambulanceotherwise known as the ppppsat on the driveway nearby .
oh , god , what an unspeakable monstrosity !
` ` well , my folks went to a presbyterian church , '' and she ground her teeth at the probable monstrosity of the lying involved in her words , ` ` but , but it 's too many lost and lonely miles far , far away .
the helicopter was a fat black monstrosity slowly lowering on them .
that big monstrosity up there is where were headed .
it automatically goes to voicemail because they re busy for the rest of the day and to leave a message and they ll get back to us first thing tomorrow morning , says kim and looking thoroughly stressed at not being able to get the men to come and take this monstrosity away .
the yellow cheese was melting from the bread , sticking to the plate , clinging for dear life , fearing the monstrosity that chuck splatter appeared to be .
was extending his silence all the way to his wife meant to protect and prevent her , a citizen who 'd lived through world war ii , from having to face a monstrosity ?
i ve seen you pulling at that uncomfortable monstrosity he makes you wear .
getting up from the monstrosity always proved difficult , but it was a task that peter did nt anticipate attempting for several hours thanks to fresh batteries in the remote and a full bag of snack crackers on the end table .
finally , the gray monstrosity that was st . francis loomed up ahead .
there on the corner table sits a shiny black plastic monstrosity , like a giant cockroach .
that hideous architectural monstrosity known to the public as southern cross station used to have a river run through it .
but secretly helen had never felt at home in richards monstrosity , which she called it in her darker moments .
i m halfway through the three dozen gum - paste lilies i need to decorate saturdays monstrosity of a cake order .
the monstrosity below was still down there in movement .
chapter 2 thais tied in an ineluctable knot , the fate of democracy , and other conundrums metaphysical and otherwise i hear it : from the open balcony there is more of the ongoing cacophony conjoined with wafting acrid smells of gunfire around rajamangala stadium and ramkamhaeng university , siamese twin monstrosities , strident misconfigurations , that pummel like cluster headaches .
such is the use of tens of thousands of trees daily , and such is the use of the small levers of men in this unstoppable , out of control mechanical monstrosity called society , this impetus of all men over the centuries that has taken a life unto itself , commandeering men , extruding them here and there as the need arises .
not that i accused him and she asked when i was going to be turning my eyes toward green architecture , like this monstrosity .
he may want to exert a level of control in return for his investment that takes the end result out of our hands and leads to some monstrosity that drains callicott financially for years until it can be unloaded .
the announcer was condemning city council for approving the rezoning which enabled the building of the monstrosity called willow towers .
he pushed away the stone floor with his hands and knees , wishing with all his might he was back in the root - lined tunnel , far away from this monstrosity .
i looked at the monstrosity of the chandelier and wondered if it was real glass or plastic .
that opened up quite a lot of the cellar floor space and gave me access to a huge monstrosity of metal , some kind of separating machine left over from years gone by , that had blocked access to uncle jack 's desk on the far side of the room .
decried by present day activists as an environmental monstrosity , the falls had long since become a well known attraction and tourist guides crossing the golden gate bridge never failed in pointing out frackle falls to wide eyed visitors .
no way was i touching that spit - covered metal monstrosity with my bare hands .
i will be stranded over at that black monstrosity in the corner for the better part of the morning . ''
he placed his ugly monstrosity of a tool aside and checked her pulse with his fingertips .
it took me a long time to muster up the courage to open the door and jump down from my monstrosity of a vehicle .
and the goddamn lawyers have convinced the designers that these blank monstrosities are safer than the old metal designs .
instead , i d pocketed five hundred , stashed the rest of it in the monstrosity of a fireproof filing cabinet at the office , and headed out to tail ned weatherby .
if there d been anything of significance in that mahogany monstrosity , he d have confiscated it .
eight steps led up to the top of that monstrosity .
no heavy dark monstrosities for furnishings will be allowed in my palace , she laughed .
i walked over to her where she was glaring at that gawd awful monstrosity .
and this monstrosity , as you call it , is my mas tiramisu , he stated with pride as he pointed to his cake .
it should nt be done , unless , of course , one had been chained to one of those half - ton metal monstrosities anthony so fondly referred to as nouveau kaw art for months without food .
` ` marge and i have a baby , '' i said , shaking my head in admiration at the hideous victorian monstrosity that made an otherwise cute baby look like my uncle morty with a case of shingles .
we pulled up in front of jase 's house , an architectural monstrosity that looked generally like an oversize spanish hacienda except for three thick doric columns going up to the roof .
those were neon monstrosities , molded out of tile and marble .
hayes 's house was a stone - and - brick tudor monstrosity that sat on three wooded acres in north atlanta .
she shrugs and disappears into her dressing room to take off the green monstrosity .
she stared up at the red and white monstrosity of a house that her sister had purchased .
` ` so , i think i need to see this pink monstrosity you ' ve been talking about , '' simon said .
` ` i just wanted to see what monstrosity she 'd cooked up for us to wear .
it was a ghastly monstrosity , the exterior weathered and gray , as if it were a hundred years old and completely and utterly abandoned .
` ` freakin ' ass , '' i muttered while roughly shoving the key into the lock and climbing inside the monstrosity .
` ` you do n't have to , '' i said quietly looking down at the monstrosity that was my hulk feet .
first they were cooking together , now she was admiring his suburban monstrosity .
i looked down at my monstrosity with chagrin as she giggled .
i recognize the houses , especially the chrome - and - glass monstrosity that tori so admired .
does he have a closet somewhere in this monstrosity of a house that holds clothes of different sizes so that his one - night stands wo n't have to do the walk of shame in the morning ?
chapter forty several weeks later kate walked down the aisle ahead of me in a plum colored bridesmaid dress with a mammoth bow on her butt and a matching monstrosity on the top of her head .
i can just imagine his heartbroken expression when he wakes up , about now , maybe , reaching for me , hunting for me in that palatial monstrosity of a house , and not finding me .
dean was leaning up against the chest - high wooden monstrosity of a desk , talking with a man in a crisp tan uniform .
` ` you 'd think so , '' i agreed , taking a bite of my monstrosity they called a cheeseburger .
` ` hardly , '' i told him , hoping he 'd never get the opportunity to absorb the cold monstrosity that was my own parents ' estate .
i knew my sister and mother were in the kitchen because i could hear their laughter from across the immense modern monstrosity that was my parents ' home .
there was a small fortune worth of books in this monstrosity of a room , purchased just for me .
she just shook her head , finally pulling a brush out of her monstrosity of a designer bag .
of all the things he 'd purchased for me in this monstrosity of a closet , i thought that this was the sweetest .
i 'd started at maybe five a.m. , forgetting there was even anyone else in the monstrosity of an apartment .
she reached into her own monstrosity of a bag .
i asked , tipping my head toward the monstrosity .
he 'd even - against maylee 's protests - managed to get her a somber , normal purse instead of that heinous saddle - shaped monstrosity she carried around .
as she craned her head around to see if it had been moved , she was disappointed to find no trace of the cardboard monstrosity anywhere .
the shrink - wrapped monstrosity sat , crooked , on the scraggly lawn .
he studied the monstrosity of glass and chrome with disgust .
someone had sway with the city council to build that monstrosity .
whoever owned this monstrosity had so much more than they deserved .
you want to pay me to f**k you , even though you own a monstrosity of a mansion and could get any woman into bed if you actually learned some tact and charm . ''
my skinny jeans , suede boots , and grey shirt were a polar opposite of the monstrosity i showed up in last night .
the monstrosity that was my so - called new home .
leather jacket flickered into two monstrosities : one moment the man i knew - the man who 'd tortured , hit , and taunted me - then another moment , the drooling carnivorous jackal who 'd raped blonde angel only minutes before q found me .
out of all my family , my mother was the least shrouded in lies and monstrosity .
` ` just because i knocked you out when you tried to stop me taking fair payment for that monstrosity you built in madrid , does n't mean you had reason to kill my bodyguard . ''
i still did n't want to do a monstrosity of a wedding , but she 'd just told me her life flashed before her eyes and she realized she wanted a better relationship with me .
darcy rolled her eyes each time she saw the rusty old monstrosity .
` ` i mean , for us to even allow such a monstrosity into our home says a lot about- '' she cut him off with a kiss .
i ' m pissed off by the time we roll up to the gaudy monstrosity that is the heat enterprises mansion : two stories of sleek gray stone with massive gold lions guarding the blood red doors , but before we get there , there 's a moat and drawbridge .
one nineteen birch street is a patterned stone monstrosity with a gaudy leopard fountain in the front and huge cement balconies on all sides , as if it was built for someone under a ` ` no leaving the house '' rule .
the monstrosity that she had created did appeal to matthew sense of humour and he asked her to leave it as it was .
in addition to the bearskin hat hair , the brown monstrosity of this overcoat that my mom insisted i wear does somewhat lessen my whole kick - a - pow impact but then there is absolutely nothing i could have done to avert that .
she 's on location somewhere in the city and is insisting on me wearing that hideous monstrosity again !
you may think me a monster , but if you were honest with yourself you would realize that my monstrosity just might be that thing you have been searching for .
you deserve all the credit for helping edit this monstrosity and helping me make these characters better than they would have been without you .
it took a good fifteen minutes to haul the aspen - log bed from the bunkhouse , up the snow - covered trail to the monstrosity built into the side of the mountain .
i stared at the sparkling monstrosity and blinked twice , unable to do anything else .
* * * caleb pulled into the driveway , and just as he always did when he came to marcus place , he shook his head at the monstrosity his brother called home .
sitting behind his imposing monstrosity of a desk , its easy to see how he scares the crap out of the younger guys .
what is this horrible monstrosity ?
he winked at her as he gave marissa the orange monstrosity .
a one - story , four - bedroom monstrosity with a wraparound porcha leftover from a time long past .
huge sheets of canvas enclosed the monstrosity .
it was a slimy , wretched , foul tasting monstrosity , and it lingered , refusing to leave my mouth completely .
skyla had gone home only to come back with that monstrosity of a nineties double cassette player of hers .
she had admitted who she was long before they d come in sight of this adobe monstrosity .
she craned her neck to see one that was tucked behind a monstrosity of silk and feathers .
reentering my office , i slam the door and slip into the revealing monstrosity .
i could nt stomach the thought that my children might inherit those monstrosities , or bear the thought of having them intertwined with mine every night for hours of cuddling .
yes , i say softly , reaching out to finger the woolen monstrosity .
leah retrieved the yellow monstrosity in record time and rushed back into the bathroom where andrew was holding scotty over the toilet seat .
not at all like that fifty - pound monstrosity richard gave you .
she continues , ' obviously , i ' m looking for some ideas to transform this monstrosity .
this time she was n't holding that monstrosity of a medical file in her arms .
` ` oh , there 's a formal cake , but not one of those three - tiered monstrosities that so often dominated a reception table .
after changing into evening dress and hearing the dinner bel ring , tessa had made her way down the staircase , a great carved jacobean monstrosity , only to pause on the landing to gaze at the portrait of a very young girl with long , fair hair , dressed in an old - fashioned child 's dress , a great ribbon surmounting her smal head .
perhaps mortmain 's warlock father built you , and now mortmain seeks the secret of how to create such a perfect facsimile of life when all he can build are hideous monstrosities .
as she got closer to the brick monstrosity , she leaped through the air again and latched on to a stone balcony railing .
paul stole glances at her while they walked past the royal ontario museum , snowflakes swirling around them and the crystal monstrosity that was the north wall .
there was a large bed at one end of the room , set away from one wall , a lovely jacobean monstrosity , carved and ancient looking , currently sporting a fitted black sheet , but no pillows .
he took a deep breath and said , ` ` i ' ve acted out of character ever since i stepped foot in this monstrosity of a house , and since i did n't much care for my character before , i do n't mind at all .
the place was a monstrosity and would last until the end of time .
what do you keep in that monstrosity ?
i absolutely was not going to wrap myself in something that matched my dad 's used vw beetle that he had when i was a baby , so i had no choice but to try on this monstrosity of a red dress .
she pulled stone 's beat - up pickup onto the long , circular drive , took one look at the big antebellum monstrosity , and immediately felt out of her league .
` ` regardless , i want you to know that i ' m no longer the man who built this monstrosity of a home .
did he have to build that chrome monstrosity on it , and rub his lack of respect for their heritage in their faces ?
shana could n't imagine what she had in that monstrosity , but apparently it was as valuable to the child as shana 's purse was to her .
on top of mitchell 's new and improved outfit , he wore a tan parka with a hood instead of the orange monstrosity he 'd arrived in .
get started saving things , and he 'd end up keeping the lot , living in this monstrosity of a house , surrounded by generations of rubbish .
knowing aundy was most likely somewhere in this monstrosity of a house , hank swallowed back his fear and did his best to convince ashton he was pastor whitting 's nephew .
beth fil ed me in on the last few details she 'd taken care of at titan , and we discussed the monstrosity that was sasha and the fact that she would be staying on .
those things are a monstrosity braith .
she 's been at that monstrosity of a house licking her wounds .
hester stared at the monstrosity on lady emily sherman 's head and tried to decide whether lady bencott was being facetious or simply the victim of horrendous taste .
you should n't be alone rattling around in that monstrosity of a house your father loved so much .
some common demons behemoth the behemoth is a formless monstrosity of a demon .
then again , it probably looked funny to everyone that saw me standing in front of a mirror in a giant monstrosity of a pink dress .
they both sighed as a rather large woman approached them wearing a monstrosity of a hat , and an even worse pink ruffled concoction of a dress .
` ` is there a way to share this monstrosity of a house without having to cross paths with mitch too frequently ? ''
santa ascended to his special chair , a huge cushioned monstrosity set up on the curtained dais , and cassie took her place beside him .
but above the turtleneck was a monstrosity that forced tears from her eyes and clogged the scream in her throat .
after the first time , they 'd adjourned to the hot tub in the monstrosity of a bathroom .
i think it might be the first time that monstrosity tal calls a plane gets completely filled . ''
a sleek laptop sat in the middle of the leather - topped monstrosity .
i mean , i know we have money , but dad insisted we move from our old home , a sweet four - bedroom house , into this monstrosity four years ago .
we bought that ugly monstrosity we call a home .
a big four - post monstrosity of a bed dominated the room .
we 're sitting around the cheap plastic monstrosity that greg calls a ` ` conference table , '' on mismatched office chairs that look like something from the set of the andy griffith show .
what other boyfriend do you have other than that electronic bedside - table monstrosity you call edward cullen ? ''
i stare at the buzzing monstrosity and i just ... i do n't ... words disappear .
he would have thought she 'd stolen the floor - length monstrosity off a pimp if he had n't signed the bill .
chapter 2 cherrywood , the mcclellan home , was a majestic brick georgian monstrosity perched high on a majestic green hill in majestic glenview , an enclave for the way too rich just outside louisville .
one wheel was off , and the chain was drooping , but all in all , the big black monstrosity looked very scary .
she stood aghast in her stiletto heels and stared at the giant monstrosity of an ugly house before her .