i 'd immediately fal en in love with the flowering myrtle trees flanking each side and the two citrus trees out back .
morning sunlight bathed her , and happy birds sang in the crepe myrtle outside the window .
the steep bank was planted with white crepe myrtles buzzing with bees .
he swung her hand as they passed under the crepe myrtle trees buzzing with bees .
on a hunch , she stepped as quietly as she could out the back door and across the patio , past the pool , to stop under the crepe myrtles buzzing loudly with bees .
she would wake up in the morning to the sound of birds chirping in the crepe myrtle and the children running into the walls .
quentin stood in the shade of a crepe myrtle tree , bees buzzing wildly in the white flowers .
quentin pushed her a few steps under the buzzing crepe myrtle , and as his head brushed the lower branches , white blossoms showered them both .
he peered at her shoulder , picked at it briefly , and pushed her out from under the crepe myrtle and across the patio .
` ` let us go see , '' mr . cataliades suggested , and in his deliberate way he strode across the driveway , then the grass , to a clump of wax myrtles at the edge of the woods .
apparently , the supply of drugs pumping into the myrtle beach area has been followed back to this area . ''
some boy or girl had carved the word lasher into the thick trunk of the giant crepe myrtle that grew against the far fence .
but the man was there , all right , just as he 'd always been - way back at the edge of the great lawn , standing beneath the bare white limbs of the crepe myrtles .
and that 's where the man always stood , he thought , as he made out the faraway crepe myrtle , the one that went high up the wall of the neighboring house .
yet beneath the farthest crepe myrtle , quite distinctly , michael could make out a thin human shape .
it drew him away from worrying about rowan ; it drew him away from worrying about the man ; and he was just sliding back into the past , drifting by the old ivy - covered walls , and the young crepe myrtles growing thin and weedy and full of big floppy blossoms .
like a statue , bruesio lornodoris stood there , hovering among the myrtles , the fig trees and the lemon trees .
even with the smoke - dulled sun at ten oclock , shining through the wet sparkle bushes and wax - berry myrtles and pines with drops of water clinging to the tips of their needles , they flock to sheltons face and hands like birds after bread crumbs .
tires screeched , an engine revved , and a few blocks away , headlights passed behind a hedge , light flickering through the crape myrtles like a strobe .
rose vines spread in thorn - studded tangles , binding the myrtles and evergreens into a solid mass that promised to leave no skin unbloodied .
who knew what she would hang on our old crepe myrtle next ?
i hacked my way through wax myrtles and weeds toward the back porch .
molly gazed out the window at the colourful crepe myrtles lining the road .
the strait bridged , the king burned incense , broadcast myrtle bows over the road , and put his troops in motion .
she motioned him to follow and headed for the sacred myrtle grove , realm of aphrodite , where initiates wandered during the mysteries .
melaina laid sophocles back beneath the tender stalks of myrtle onto beds of basil .
` ` kolonus , '' he replied with a quivering voice , ` ` earth 's fairest home , where the nightingale trills her clear note even as she does now in this myrtle grove .
melaina had slaves cut them all tender myrtle sprays to bind their brows .
asked erma , frowning at myrtles grass and at a particularly animated gnome who seemed to be gleefully imbibing a beverage .
you re always talking about how the creator endows each of us , animal and human , with particular gifts it was at this point that willow made a sound that myrtle thought at first had come from some kind of smoke detector or burglar alarm .
at least , thought myrtle , willow seemed to share myrtles affinity for roosters in the kitchen .
pasha launched off of miles , slinking to the corner of myrtles living room , and staring sulkily at myrtle before licking her wet fur with emphatic strokes of her tongue .
just because i cheated on her does nt mean i did nt love her , said cullen in what myrtle considered a staggering lack of logic .
chapter twelve myrtle and miles sat next to each other in padded rocking chairs on myrtles front porch while myrtle gave miles the lowdown on blanches visit .
chapter twelve myrtle and miles sat next to each other in padded rocking chairs on myrtles front porch while myrtle gave miles the lowdown on blanches visit .
said myrtle triumphantly and red hurried across the side of myrtles yard .
shed just reached the door when willows hand jerked back on her shoulder and myrtle stumbled backwards , just as red pushed through myrtles front door .
shed just reached the door when willows hand jerked back on her shoulder and myrtle stumbled backwards , just as red pushed through myrtles front door .
she squeezed myrtles arm even tighter and myrtle grunted .
several pink - flowering crape myrtles cast shadows across their paths , and scruffy grass grew in sandy patches .
they ' ve hunted in new mexico ; the arlington hotel in hot springs , arkansas ; the myrtles in st . francisville , as well as natchitoches and new orleans , louisiana ; jefferson , and other texas towns ; , ohio ; wisconsin ; and numerous graveyards and haunted buildings all over the u.s . their favorite trip ( so far ) was to cimarron , new mexico , where they spent two days and nights all alone in the historical and haunted st . james hotel .
since bob hodding was temporarily out of the picture , puking his guts out in the crepe myrtles lining the parking lot , i concentrated on his buddies .
i broke into a run , crashing through the overgrown crepe myrtles and camellias , around the house and up the shaky steps to joe c 's back door .
i inhaled the scents of myrtles brought by the cold wind .
103 among the myrtles wilmington by contrast with fraser 's ridge , wilmington was a giddy metropolis , and under normal circumstances , the girls and i should have fully enjoyed its delights .
it hit him in the knee , surprising him and making him hesitate for the split second necessary for germain to vanish into the myrtles .
i had n't time to enjoy the sensation , though ; brianna stood amid the myrtles , jemmy clinging to her skirts .