it is really messing up my crepe myrtle , '' he said , chuckling as the couple looked up with glazed eyes .
` ` i am soo sorry , myrtle . ''
they had decided to walk next door to the sandwich shop and avoid having to drive in the myrtle beach lunch rush hour .
since he had returned to myrtle beach , she looked better than he could remember , smelled better , and on those occasions when gravity brought them close enough to touch , she felt fucking amazing .
jason danvers , the ceo of danvers international and a client , had offered them space for their corporate offices , which was convenient since they were located in a high - rise in downtown myrtle beach , south carolina .
the drive into downtown myrtle beach was one she always enjoyed .
if you lived somewhere like myrtle beach , should n't you enjoy more of what it had to offer ?
chapter nine mac drove through the streets of downtown myrtle beach listening to dominic run through the highlights of the meeting they had just finished .
chipped nail polish , but what a gorgeous shade of crape myrtle purple .
the crape myrtle was coming into bloom .
she left the library , walking slowly , falling into a dragging rhythm almost , though she did n't know why , except that she was looking at everything that she passed , and when she stepped out into the garden , it seemed gloriously green and crowded to her , with the spring azaleas almost ready to bloom , and the ginger lilies laden with buds , and the crape myrtles filled with tiny new leaves , making them enormous and dense .
and this , was it the crape myrtle tree , beneath which their lasher had stood , frightening a small boy , beckoning michael to the gate , michael a witch child whom a ghost could spot , passing in the real world through zones of enchantment .
this path was prettily bordered by crepe myrtles , now in full bloom .
the dark green and deep pink of the crepe myrtles coordinated with the pink and green of the dress worn by the dead woman .
coughlin was right : eric 's house was higher than the guard shack , and furthermore , the row of crepe myrtles by the walkway would prevent an easy sight line .
the delicate pink of the old crepe myrtle was unfurling .
the myrtle trees rustled in the gentle breeze .
and i knew he shoveled my snow , i knew this because i asked colt if he 'd done it and he 'd said no and i 'd asked jeremy if he 'd done it and he 'd said no and since my other close neighbors were either too old ( myrtle , the widow who lived across from joe and pearl , the spinster who lived across from me ) or bitches ( tina , who lived next to me on the other side ) , it had to be joe .
our neighbors jeremy and melinda , myrtle and pearl were invited too ( tina and cory were not but , according to feb , cory was on the outs with tina , on the ins with his wife bethany , and tina was nursing her snit , not to mention feb hated tina because she was a bitch ) .
i 'd gotten most of it from feb , myrtle and pearl .
feb had mentioned this to me at the christmas party at myrtle 's house .
she looked to the drive to see keira down at the end carrying her bags and waving across the street at feb who had jack at her hip and she was talking to myrtle in her front yard .
he let her because colt was now with feb and myrtle across the street and he 'd taken jack from feb .
myrtle was trimming her rose bushes .
feb closed the door but i heard , in the living room , myrtle turning my vacuum on .
xoxoxo - kate i was alone in the house ( again ) so i went to the mailbox , got the mail , waved to myrtle , went back in , let mooch out of his box then let him outside taking my mail with me to open it while i kept an eye on mooch .
* * * * * lewis and myrtle at the top window of the eastern - most turret , two children , a black - headed boy and a fair - haired girl , stood holding hands and looking out the window at the pretty woman wearing jeans , a man 's shirt that was way too big on her and funny - looking shoes that were n't really shoes but they also were .
the little girl , named myrtle , turned to the little boy , named lewis , and dropped his hand .
` ` she looked sweet with jack last night when we saw them walking to the stables , '' myrtle commented .
lewis asked and myrtle bit her lip .
eyes firmly shut , myrtle floated in his direction .
` ` myrtle and lewis , '' jack said and belle 's mouth dropped open .
` ` myrtle and lewis ? ''
even before he 'd completely quit laughing , he looked down at her upturned face and said , ` ` i 'll have to have a word with myrtle and lewis .
and he had myrtle and lewis to thank for it .
obviously , myrtle and lewis making an appearance worked in his favour .
this meant that belle , who he knew wanted to escape him but he also knew did not want to be left alone to face the possibility of whatever might befall her at the hands of myrtle and lewis was forced to go with him to his study .
quickly , not looking at belle , she whispered , ` ` rachel 's seen myrtle and lewis and she 's a bit ... '' her eyes slid to belle then back to jack , ` ` upset . ''
joy bennett had been ` ` seeing '' myrtle and lewis for forty years .
you 're going to tell the story of myrtle and lewis . ''
she 's never seen myrtle and lewis but she 's dying to .
` ` i ' ve been waiting years to see myrtle and lewis .
within mere months of meeting , they were married and quickly thereafter had two children , lewis first , then myrtle .
` ` it does n't have a happy ending for brenna , lewis and myrtle but joshua did find love again .
` ` feel better about myrtle and lewis , poppet ? ''
` ` well , i ' m going in search of myrtle and lewis .
who knew what belle had to do to release myrtle and lewis ?
if this was true ( and , considering he 'd used his low and rumbly voice , it had to be ) , she could tell him about calvin and she could tell him about her desire to help myrtle and lewis .
she turned to face him and announced , ` ` i ' m worried about myrtle and lewis . ''
she took in a ragged breath and asked , ` ` do you think we could do anything for myrtle and lewis ? ''
* * * * * lewis and myrtle myrtle stood invisible in the corner of the room as her beloved jack lifted her newly beloved belle and carried her to bed , jack 's dogs jumping up to follow close at his heels .
jack rested her in bed , carefully took off her dressing gown then pulled off his shirt and myrtle blushed but she did n't move .
she watched jack join belle in bed as gretl settled on her side but baron , although he lay down on his belly , watched myrtle .
` ` she ca n't help us , myrtie mine , '' he replied , using the nickname their mother had given myrtle so many years ago .
she told jack the whole story , '' myrtle explained excitedly .
` ` she 's a real - life hero , '' myrtle announced .
everyone but jack , that is , '' myrtle told him then suggested brightly , ` ` i think we should appear in front of jack ! ''
` ` i liked jack 's father , '' myrtle sulked .
` ` please , myrtle , just listen to me and do n't do anything silly .
` ` promise me , myrtle , '' lewis pressed .
this was good news for lewis knew ( though myrtle did n't and he had n't told her in all their hundreds of years together , though he did n't know why , just like he did n't know why they could n't appear in front of the masters , he just knew ) that his mother , too , had saved a child from drowning in the sea .
` ` we do n't want myrtle and lewis to go to hell ! ''
further , she was pregnant with his child but hell bent on helping myrtle and lewis all the while coping with significant life changes .
panic undeterred , her hands moved to his chest and pushed but he held her close as she exclaimed , ` ` jack , what if he 's smothered in his bed like myrtle and lewis ? ''
then he 'd demand that belle give up her quest to send myrtle and lewis to heaven .
before you got home , we told them the whole myrtle and lewis story and they sounded like they knew exactly - '' ` ` yasmin , '' belle interrupted her , being uncharacteristically rude but she thought the situation warranted it , ` ` you ' ve known jack longer than all of us .
* * * * * lewis and myrtle myrtle zoomed directly to belle but lewis floated in suspended animation in the middle of the stairs and , head tipped back , he stared in horror .
the scottish man crouched beside belle , ignoring myrtle and lewis , intent on his effort of feeling for a pulse .
rachel 's hands were on her and lewis went to myrtle , pulling her back .
they stilled and looked down at belle , even myrtle and lewis .
` ` myrtle , we ca n't be there , '' lewis said softly .
` ` we 're ghosts myrtle .
he held myrtle a long time .
jack stared at the man before informing him , ` ` you should know i ' ve never seen myrtle and lewis and i do n't believe they exist .
we think they 're here because they have to be for myrtle and lewis . ''
angus nodded but said , ` ` problem is , myrtle and lewis have disappeared . ''
sometimes the ghosties appear full on , like myrtle and lewis like to do .
his body went rock - solid when he heard an ethereal , boy 's voice shout , ` ` myrtle ! ''
` ` myrtle , '' cassandra answered .
he could n't believe his ears but he also could n't deny he 'd heard , distinctly , a young , disembodied voice shouting the name myrtle .
belle stopped reaching for the toast when gram answered , ` ` she knows myrtle and lewis were there when she fell , she knows they ' ve disappeared and she knows all the readings have come back negative . ''
although caldwell did his dirty deeds in this house and this could be a reason why his ghost would be tethered here , unlike myrtle and lewis , he is n't a ghost .
we 'll call to myrtle and lewis and then we 'll reconvene to decide what 's next once we speak to the children . ''
two others were there , a brother and sister , like him and myrtle , lewis could tell .
they were holding him and myrtle there .
` ` yes , myrtle .
` ` let myrtle go . ''
` ` please , '' he whispered , ` ` let myrtle go . ''
` ` i want to stay , '' myrtle said quietly .
but myrtle and me were already dead . ''
` ` does myrtle ? ''
` ` myrtle is going to be scared .
you 're upset about lewis and myrtle but you 're also right here , '' his arm around her tightened , ` ` and that works for me . ''
but although she 'd seen and spoken to myrtle and lewis several times since sunday , it was only to get to know them .
` ` now we just have to free myrtle and lewis . ''
we know this because myrtle 's ghost joined him after he materialised in the turret .
and the police records reported myrtle 's body was found in lewis 's room . ''
` ` so , wee myrtle was n't dead yet . ''
caldwell was looking over the cliff and brenna was gone when myrtle 's ghost joined her brother .
if caldwell was outside throwing brenna off a cliff , who was inside smothering myrtle ? ''
` ` if myrtle came into the room , she could have seen the assailant .
and , lor , we did n't question myrtle . ''
uncle angus is going to have to talk her into letting us talk to myrtle . ''
we have to talk to myrtle then we have to figure out what 's next . ''
and last , on her left ring finger was the reason joy insisted , regardless of jack 's continued concern about the fact they had not discovered caldwell 's plans or sent myrtle and lewis home , that they have the small , intimate dinner party they were having that night .
` ` i told you , '' he said to the storm , ` ` i do n't want to go to the party , myrtle .
it is n't about the party , '' myrtle exclaimed and something in her tone made her brother turn his eyes to her .
` ` we ca n't tell belle , myrtle .
he left a month ago , promising , like cassandra had , to continue researching and looking for someone who might be able to assist them in getting myrtle and lewis home .
jack holding myrtle firm to his hip with one arm , his other hand engulfing in a strong grip the hand of lewis .
then angus and the rest watched belle race directly into jack , throwing her arms around him , myrtle and catching lewis up in her embrace .
well , it seemed belle was brenna if the presence of living , breathing myrtle and lewis did n't faze her .
` ` there is a woman , '' belle put in quickly , she was now at jack 's side , one of her arms curling lewis close , the other arm holding jack and myrtle .
` ` then that 's what we 'll do , '' jack stated , bending to put myrtle on her feet .
* * * * * myrtle and lewis myrtle 's head snapped up and her eyes found lewis 's .
as he pulled away , he felt myrtle 's head had come up from his stomach and he looked down at his daughter .
` ` i miss myrtle and lewis , i guess . ''
` ` myrtle has lowered the price by twenty thousand .
` ` i mean , millie 's a bit dated and sounds almost as bad as lula jane or myrtle , but- '' ` ` do you think you 're helping ? ''
` ` grandma , there 's nothing there but an old crape myrtle shrub . ''
the creature crouched in the myrtle by the shed .
they filed outside and sat at the table in the palpable heat of mid - afternoon , despite the shade of a crepe myrtle .
i pointed to the little sign marked fowler that indicated a driveway almost hidden by a stand of myrtle and hawthorn .
i hurried around to the back of the building , just a block off the main street but surrounded by crepe myrtles .
all the businesses had been constructed to match : low gray stone and dark glass edifices , with crepe myrtle bushes all around , grass medians , and nice curbing .
the skeletal crepe myrtles needed pruning back , and the water in the pond looked stagnant , with trash floating dismally here and there .
apparently we greenville women are quite the fertile myrtles .
` ` so you were n't on his crew in myrtle ? ''
` ` ca n't you pull in someone from myrtle ? ''
and of course , dom was n't going to go down alone , and he took lebraun and some of the myrtle beach crew down with him .
broadway at the beach is one of myrtle beach 's main tourist attractions .
this was a deep spot , though , with two or three of what the natives of savannah called ` ` hammocks , '' though plainly they meant ` ` hummock '' -wee islands , with trees like wax myrtle and yaupon holly bushes , though these , too , were of a spiky nature , like everything else in a marsh save the frogs and fish .
i agree , commented doug , then they did more high fives while standing up this time and pulling at their pants to let them slip even more above their waists like myrtle urkel .
the window itself formed the shape of the sun wreathed with myrtle , in honor of the most ancient beliefs of tiberians .
brain one preferred to be called myrtle .
` ` myrtle 's personal life system tested within .0002 of homeostatic center on the anders base , '' timberlake said .
` ` your life - systems report , '' bickel said , ` ` entry 9107 on myrtle .
and here is another thing : myrtle lapsed into catatonia or whatever you want to call it just ten days , fourteen hours , eight minutes , and eleven seconds from moonbase .
` ` back to square one : you will recall that omc / myrtle said : ' i have no incarnation : that may have been the only accurate thing in her jabbering .
` ` they might appear dead under some - '' ` ` myrtle had direct contact with the hyb - tank sensors , '' timberlake pointed out .
ah , the quiet pain of those leisurely rides , of wanting so much and understanding so little he caught the crepe myrtle blossoms now and then with his fingers through the open streetcar window .
the crepe myrtle trees were covered with frothy blooms .
he saw pink crepe myrtle and purple crepe myrtle , and a red as rich as the red of watermelon meat .
he saw pink crepe myrtle and purple crepe myrtle , and a red as rich as the red of watermelon meat .
he only knew for certain that the twilight was singing ; the heat was singing ; he let his gaze drift to the other mansions around him , noting nothing perhaps but the flowing harmony of fence and column and brickwork and even tiny faltering crepe myrtles struggling for life on strips of velvet green .
the crepe myrtles here had grown enormously .
he took a deep breath , staring out at the crepe myrtle across the lawn .
it scraped against the roof above , and then settled back to itself , as the wind moved on , it seemed , to the distant crepe myrtle .
yes , patterns - everywhere he looked he discerned patterns - struggling against the sprawling crepe myrtle and the glossy - leafed camellias , and the antique rose as it fought its way up the trellis , and against the sweet little four o'clocks which fought for light in the brightest patches of unhindered sun .
and as if to answer the great crepe myrtles caught the breeze , dancing , their light pink blossoms moving gracefully against the blue sky .
she sat in the dining room , arms resting on the polished table , watching the bony crepe myrtle , scraping , leafless and shining , at the blue sky .
he stared at the barren crepe myrtle for a moment .
shall i have myrtle go in and see about her- '' ` ` no .
the signal grew stronger as gray neared a shadowy copse of red - twig dogwood and natchez crape myrtles .
gray shifted a flowering branch of a crape myrtle and found a wide view of the mall stretching ahead , including a straight - on view of the smithsonian castle .
the forest was a mix of myrtle , birch , and pine , along with massive oaks that looked centuries old .
i could send myrtle to you if you want .
when squirrel returned , the other four were with her : gaunt grey - haired myrtle , willow witch - eye with her long black braid , frenya of the thick waist and enormous br**sts , holly with her knife .
willow and myrtle hurried after her , cloaks snapping in the wind .
driving under a canopy of red and purple crepe myrtle trees in the heart of the south was a far contrast to the northern states winter white near the canada border .
oh these are some stupid old things my aunt myrtle got for me , peter replied nonchalantly , they re o.k . , but this is the coolest part , he unzipped the invisible black zipper in the back and pulled out a crisp newly folded hundred dollar bill !
yep , that s where he had found out aunt myrtle had gotten peter his pair .
finn took her arm again and led her over to a small iron table set back against a crepe myrtle tree .
lucinda and myrtle talked for what was achingly , too long while katie and allison sat in waiting chairs .
annoyed , she looked from tristan to lucinda and to myrtles smile .
they said their goodbyes to lucinda and left her to talk with myrtle .
it was a beautiful place with century - old oak trees on a small hill , quiet , and laden with crape myrtles and roses , white graveled paths and mausoleums that exuded coziness and eternal rest , not here lies death .
curiosity brought me into town where i found a small starbucks on the corner where crepe myrtles and spanish oak trees made a sort of cathedral whose cloisters i marveled at .
from what zarah had been told , ms . herd 's class would be one of the hardest she would ever take at myrtle high .
he desperately tried to find something to describe and eventually said , um the part where myrtle he turned the page and continued , gets hitbyacar .
he scratched at the dark stubble beneath his chin , producing a papery chitter and , myrtle , he murmured in the direction of a tiny silver - haired woman .
here , sage and myrtles grew in abundance .
an airy walkway of red pointed arches led into a garden : blossoming pink myrtles , purple saffron crocus , fig trees and date palms combining into an intoxicating aroma .
there was just enough room for the c-130 to pass behind the barn and the tip of the outside wing slid over the first line of crepe myrtle bushes , with the propellers missing them by just a couple of inches .
be sure to check out murder in myrtle beach the second book in the sisters week series !
he hoped that the killer was caught and the residents of myrtle beach could return to some kind of normal existence .
they helped papa cimbrone out of the car and down the steep winding steps between the bushes of myrtle and oleander .
keeping low and back behind the trees and myrtle bushes , she crept south along the tracks .
almost home , almost dark , but a queer light hovered after so much gloom over a field of dry broom - sage and bushy green myrtle bushes .
coming up on the northwest corner of the boxy white commissary , parting wet myrtle and gall - berry bushes in order to watch the men gathered around the front , they heard somebody yell , ` ` hey , you hear that ?
crepe myrtles , between poles , are shouting , lush frilly pink blooms that look hot to the touch .
she walks off with him , butt - naked , to let him peepee behind a withered orange wax - berry myrtle , one of the last bushes to hold its green after the drought got a grip .
heres what happens : they ask their husbands if they look okay and the husbands are so fucking bored answering that same question for the past fifty years they go , yes myrtle , and the poor deluded wives leave the house assuming if they still look good to their husbands after a few decades , they must look good enough to everyone else .
he kicked off his loafers - no socks - and walked through the soggy turf to inspect a broken birdbath near a scrawny crepe myrtle , the only tree of any significance .
he says he can give you the myrtle room , in the annex .
she showed him into myrtle , told him that ` ` the chief '' would see him in an hour 's time , at six o'clock , and left him .
little suckling pig , cooked with myrtle and bay leaves . '
we pulled him off to the side , behind a row of mr . deece 's crepe myrtles , and he told us everything .
he caught the distinctive scent of the aromatic scrub , a blend of rosemary , lavender , cistus , sage , juniper , mastic , and myrtle .
hot gossip tickles our birdy feet : paula hrabowski 's friend myrtle harrington passing on the news of the dead body ( or bodies ) at ed 's to richie bumstead , who will in turn pass it on to beezer st . pierre , grieving father and spiritual leader of the thunder five .
11 beezer 's journey began with myrtle harrington , the loving wife of michael harrington , whispering down the telephone line to richie bumstead , on whom she has an industrial - strength crush in spite of his having been married to her second - best friend , glad , who dropped down dead in her kitchen at the amazing age of thirty - one .
for his part , richie bumstead has had enough macaroni - tuna casseroles and whisper - voiced phone calls from myrtle to last him through two more lifetimes , but this is one set of whispers he 's glad , even oddly relieved , to listen to , because he drives a truck for the kingsland brewing company and has come to know beezer st . pierre and the rest of the boys , at least a little bit .
that busybody myrtle said it was a secret richie has to keep to himself , but he 's pretty sure that right after myrtle gave him the news , she called four or five other people .
that busybody myrtle said it was a secret richie has to keep to himself , but he 's pretty sure that right after myrtle gave him the news , she called four or five other people .
less than thirty seconds after getting rid of myrtle harrington , richie bumstead looks up beezer st . pierre in the directory and dials the number .
the scoop had come to wendell green by way of his barber , roy royal , who heard it from his wife , tillie royal , who had been clued in by myrtle harrington herself , and wendell green has done his duty to his readers : he grabbed his tape recorder and his camera and ran out to his nasty little vehicle without pausing to telephone his editors at the herald .
there were already two cars in the parking lot , which was tucked behind the small building and had a landscaped screening of crepe myrtles , still grotesquely bare in the early spring .
she had a friend who 'd moved to myrtle beach , south carolina , got a job at a t - shirt shop , told helene how it was sunny all the time , drinks were flowing , no more snow , no more cold .
it was a fine old place , beautiful in the spring and summer when the roses and crepe myrtle were in bloom .
before he disengaged the driveway gate , he sprang onto one of the retaining walls , gaining a view through the screening of the crepe myrtle branches .
no wind troubled the leaves on the myrtles .
one arm of the path took her through the herb garden , where she passed clumps of silver - leafed sage , yellow hyssop , and miniature myrtle .
a few pecan trees and crepe myrtles dot the landscape here and there , but this flat stretch of acreage was probably reclaimed farmland when the subdivision was built , so there were no old oaks , like those surrounding kathryn and glenn 's place .
she had lined every windowsill with salt and used my dad 's rickety stepladder to hang cracked glass bottles upside down on every branch of our crepe myrtle tree .
there were no bottles on our old crepe myrtle .
` ` when she came up for air , she explained : ` ` crazy myrtle is about to be the death of me . ''
caroline must have read julia 's mind , because she held her hands out to her side and said , ` ` myrtle makes me crazy . ''
i keep it in the upstairs playroom so i can keep an eye on crazy myrtle . ''
` ` we all know that myrtle 's crazy , '' caroline said slowly .
` ` crazy myrtle is about to go pilfering through that box , and it wo n't take her long to figure it out . ''
that 's the one myrtle 's got . ''
she thought about crazy myrtle , the fact that lance was living with her , and the missing veronica , and she also remembered what her mother always said about lasting relationships being rooted in truth .
` ` he 's at myrtle 's . ''
caroline had n't been exaggerating when she said she could stand in the upstairs playroom and keep an eye on crazy myrtle .
as julia peered through the telescope , she could see straight into what must be myrtle 's formal living room , where richard stone sat with the older woman , enjoying a cup of tea .
she looked out the window at myrtle 's house and the decaying subdivision and fought not to say , this is how my career might end .
together , they watched myrtle 's front door open and richard step onto the front porch .
` ` crazy myrtle does n't know what she 's got yet .
i ' ve never noticed any activity over there then , and judging from the number of whiskey bottles myrtle hauls to the curb on recycling days , i think that 's as good a time as any to go in . ''
darting across myrtle 's backyard , julia 's heart was pounding .
as they stepped into the keeping room , julia knew for certain that myrtle was n't playing with a full deck .
julia stubbed her toe and turns ' bled onto the hood of myrtle 's cadillac .
the beam of her flashlight swept across the garage , illuminating a mountainous pile of boxes , each nearly identical to the one myrtle had hauled from caroline 's curb .
the three of them stood with their heads craned back so far that they could have seen straight up to heaven if it had n't been for myrtle 's bedroom directly above them .
i ' ve heard of cop strippers before , but you must be a new pound kind , '' myrtle said , pondering it .
` ` my johnny did n't pay you to stand , '' myrtle bellowed , shaking her curler - covered head .
julia smelled liquor and hoped tint myrtle would continue in her alcoholic stupor and wake tomorrow morning thinking the whole thing had been a dream .
she did n't want to think about what else myrtle might be looking at by the end of the night .
and with one solid push , they were locked on the other side of crazy myrtle 's patio doors .
caroline had nearly passed out when myrtle 's lights came on , and when julia and nina came back to the house , she was more than happy to hand over central control duties to nina while she rested on the couch and let her heart slow down to a normal pace .
what if myrtle figures out what 's really going on ?
` ` myrtle , '' he spoke softly , calmly , ` ` is a sentimental drunk . ''
julia rushed to the window just in time to see lance 's agent appear on myrtle 's porch and shake the woman 's hand .
` ` my friend myrtle found that and thought i might like to read it .
` ` and myrtle gave him the manuscript ? ''
` ` next to myrtle ! ''
thanks to him and cody , everyone was keen on the idea of moving the party elsewhere by taking mommy and daddy 's porsches down to myrtle .
wondering if caleb had gone to myrtle , i made my way back across the beach and toward the bridge , passing several silent beach homes .
` ` do n't leave me hanging while you run off to myrtle , you douche . ''
` ` something happened the night we went to myrtle . ''
did you talk to her about myrtle ? ''
um , her name is moaning myrtle . ''
walking along myrtle avenue , i turned left and left again .
between myrtle and evergreen .
` ` what about a dance space near myrtle avenue ? ''
instead of the thornbush will grow the pine tree , and instead of the briers the myrtle will grow .
the dead man was in the thicket right before me , an overgrown patch of short tree saplings , vines , and myrtle .
a median ran down the middle of these two streets , wide enough to support a planting of crepe myrtles .
many great trees grew there , planted long ago , falling into untended age amid a riot of careless descendants ; and groves and thickets there were of tamarisk and pungent terebinth , of olive and of bay ; and there were junipers and myrtles ; and thymes that grew in bushes , or with their woody creeping stems mantled in deep tapestries the hidden stones ; sages of many kinds putting forth blue flowers , or red , or pale green ; and marjorams and new - sprouting parsleys , and many herbs of forms and scents beyond the garden - lore of sam .
` ` supposing i did , '' said mark , ` ` you would n't think of asking myrtle over to stay ? ''
she even thought of following mark 's advice and getting myrtle to come and stay .
but myrtle was mark 's twin sister , with much too much of the adoring sister 's attitude to the brilliant brother .
does it contain three pounds ten , letters from a woman signing herself myrtle , from the bursar of bracton , from g. hernshaw , and a bill for a dress - suit from simonds and son , 32a market street , edgestow ? ''
even as a child , fighting myrtle because she would go and talk secrets with pamela next door ?
he saw himself as a little boy in short trousers , hidden in the shrubbery beside the paling to overhear myrtle 's conversation with pamela , and trying to ignore the fact that it was not at all interesting when overheard .
the unretaliating face of a doll - one of myrtle 's dolls - which he had pulled to pieces in boyhood had affected him in the same way .
` ` and do n't forget that she then laid down a branch of myrtle at your feet and bowed and put dust on her head , '' said redival .
every morning there were offerings left for her outside the palace ; myrtle branches and garlands and soon honeycakes and then pigeons , which are specially sacred to ungit .
i knew love of it , love of the thick forests going up the slopes with the cypress and the sycamore , and the myrtle trees as joseph taught me the names of them .
people were coming in from the groves round and about , their arms filled with branches of myrtle and palm .
in the glimpses i caught of the demon realm , the north side of roanoke island was surrounded by ice instead of water , with barren earth replacing the pretty oak and myrtle trees .
as a show of sanctity , they placed a crown of myrtle upon each head .
as a child she took to wearing a stephane about her hair , sometimes of myrtle , glimmering olive at others .
for breath , she chewed two wine - flavored myrtle berries .
but from among the myrtle came a crack as from someone creeping , and sharp - edged fear pierced her .
in the shade of a tall plane tree , they removed their sandals , formed a circle in grass spiced with thyme and bog myrtle , and picked heavy - scented lilies .
the myrtle grove rose in flame .
about her head was a stephane of myrtle .
kleito anointed the protruding abdomen with a cerate of green - olive oil and myrtle .
she wore disk earrings , a pearl necklace , silver and gold bracelets on both arms , and a crown woven of myrtle .
the men heaped a stone altar , and all hunkered over at the crash of thunder , wreathing their brows with myrtle .
she heard wolves howling , yet laid it on the ground among the leaves of myrtle trees and hurried back to the temple .
myrrhine draped it with a white cloth and spread myrtle branches over the feet .
it was n't a half hour later myrtle and charlie compton came down the hall .
conor nodded and moved next to myrtle .
` ` no , myrtle and i have it covered here at the hospital .
but myrtle had sided with the doctor .
` ` that 's not what the doctor said , dear , '' myrtle piped in .
charlie sat back down and said nothing for a few moments , myrtle looked at him waiting for his response .
billy looked at myrtle .
happy the talk had suddenly switched to a topic she was more comfortable with myrtle smiled , ` ` i ' m sure there is .
he also liked billys mother , myrtle .
* * * conor and billy ate breakfast with charlie while myrtle slept in .
the day before she had collected some myrtle and maggie had weaved it into a crown .
the bouquet of white roses and daisies on the fifth day had the usual ivy and ferns , but sprigs of myrtle and rosemary had been added , and after that , the flowers changed every day but they always came with ivy , ferns , myrtle , and rosemary .
the bouquet of white roses and daisies on the fifth day had the usual ivy and ferns , but sprigs of myrtle and rosemary had been added , and after that , the flowers changed every day but they always came with ivy , ferns , myrtle , and rosemary .
that s what the myrtle means .
he sent white roses and daisies on the day he added the myrtle and rosemary .
with the myrtle and the rest , he means , my heart is fragile ; do not forsake me .
anemones : fragile or forsaken asters : symbol of love carnations in general : fascination ( a solid colour means yes and striped means no ) carnations , red : admiration carnations , white : sweet and lovely , pure love daisies : innocence ferns : sincerity , fascination holly : domestic happiness hollyhocks : ambition irises : your friendship means so much to me ivy : faithfulness , wedded love lilly of the valley : sweetness , humility mimosa : sensitivity myrtle : love , marriage orchids : beauty rosebuds , moss : confessions of love rosemary : remembrance roses , christmas : anxiety roses , damask : ambassador of love roses , tea : ill remember , always roses , white : innocence roses , yellow : joy , friendship salvia , blue : thoughts stephanotis : happiness in marriage zinnias : thinking of an absent friend no doubt in another season he will give min : camellias : admiration , perfection camellias , pink : longing for you camellias , red : you re a flame in my heart camellias , white : you re adorable chrysanthemums , red : i love chrysanthemums , white : truth daffodils : regard , you re the only one dandelions : faithfulness , happiness forget - me - nots : true love , memories forsythia : anticipation gardenias : you are lovely heather , lavender : admiration heather , white : protection hyacinths , blue : constancy hyacinths , pink : play jonquils : love me lillies , calla : beauty lillies , yellow : i m walking on air primroses : i ca nt live without you roses , coral : desire stock : constant affection sweet peas : blissful pleasure ( also goodbye , and thank you for a lovely time ) tulips , red : declaration of love violets : modesty violets , white : lets take a chance on happiness but we can believe he will never need : bachelor buttons : single blessedness bouquet of withered flowers : rejected love carnations , yellow : you have disappointed me chrysanthemums , yellow : slighted love dead leaves : sadness geraniums : stupidity , folly hyacinths , purple : i am sorry , please forgive me hyacinths , yellow : jealousy hydrangeas : frigidity , vanity , heartlessness lillies , orange : hatred marigolds : cruelty , grief monkshood : beware of the deadly foe petunias : resentment , anger roses , dark crimson : mourning snapdragons : deception farewell to kindness for three years , rede has been searching canada for those who ordered the murders of his wife and children .
she s got her parasol stuck in the branch of the myrtle tree .
stella snapped her umbrella closed and sat on a bench under a myrtle tree .
in fact after the furniture was changed into a new pattern , both fell into the settee , now facing the windows for the view of myrtle outside , and fanned themselves , declaring the end of the day .
is goin down the block and chop some othat myrtle from miz burns tree .
portia was out back chopping the myrtle so they could be wound into a wreathit would die after a couple of days , but they could make others .
in the distance , the fading light gleamed off a jet which was making its way to the airport in myrtle .
moaning myrtle ( shirley henderson ) in harry potter and the chamber of secrets ( 2002 ) get out !
he had intended to spend his time in the mornings here , doing whatever he needed to do while having the blinds open and watching the forsythia and crape myrtle bushes that were planted along the south facing wall where they received sunlight from dawn until dusk .
some had been painted to help break up the monotony , and landscape crews had brightened the area with azalea rows , crepe myrtle bunches , and little islands of bradford pears among the concrete and cobbled sidewalks .
he choked life into the ford and drove down the long driveway past neat rows of twisted crepe myrtles .
i was still in the shadows of the crape myrtle trees outside the science labs , unnoticed by them .
that left a hole in the checking account myrtle would notice , and so he had borrowed a little bit from the town 's petty - cash fund to cover the worst of the shortfall .
when myrtle finally became convinced of the truth , that it was only horse racing after all , she had been relieved .
10 myrtle keeton went to the door of her husband 's study for the third time that day and listened .
what does it matter if every old gossip in town , from lenny partridge to myrtle keeton , knows ?
mr . gaunt had told her that buster and myrtle would n't be home , and mr . gaunt knew best .
` ` not for me , '' myrtle said .
5 nettle had stopped wanting to hurry home ; she liked being in buster and myrtle 's house .
she opened myrtle 's bureau drawers , investigating her underwear .
he hardly waited for myrtle to close her door before throwing the cadillac in reverse and backing down to the street again .
amanda williams was sitting in the kitchen with myrtle keeton .
amanda smiled at myrtle .
he hurried to the window , looking out for myrtle .
he had to take them all down before myrtle got back , and how many were there ?
when he came down , myrtle shrank away from him at first , but keeton spoke kindly to her and kissed her cheek .
those wretched pink slips had been burned in the kitchen stove , myrtle had stopped sidling away like a singed cat when he approached ( he no longer cared much for myrtle , but it was still annoying to live with a woman who thought you were the boston strangler ) , and he expected to clear another large bundle of cash at the raceway that night .
those wretched pink slips had been burned in the kitchen stove , myrtle had stopped sidling away like a singed cat when he approached ( he no longer cared much for myrtle , but it was still annoying to live with a woman who thought you were the boston strangler ) , and he expected to clear another large bundle of cash at the raceway that night .
6 myrtle keeton , who 'd had her own errand to run that afternoon , was lying on her bed upstairs in a troubled semi - doze when the horn began to blow .
there had been one car in the parking lot of the little church complex when myrtle , who was on foot , arrived .
heart bumping rapidly in her chest , her blood - pressure somewhere over the moon , myrtle had tiptoed out of the daughters of isabella hall .
she looked as scared and guilty as myrtle felt .
she looked up , saw myrtle , and paled .
then she looked more closely at myrtle 's face ... and understood .
all myrtle had wanted was to go home , take a nap while she cuddled her lovely doll , and forget what she had done .
then , as it rattled noisily down on its tracks , he advanced on myrtle with the hammer in his hand .
` ` did you sleep with him , myrtle ? ''
now he wondered , because there had been another murder since he took the case - a woman named myrtle keeton .
1 after buster finished with myrtle , he fell into a deep fugue state .
he backed clumsily out of the closet again ( the handcuff caught in one of myrtle 's shoes and he threw it to the back of the closet with a sulky curse ) , took the box over to his desk , and sat down with it in front of him .
the brightest color in evidence was a smear of myrtle 's blood across the flanks of the two - horse .
now it was myrtle 's blood he could barely see .
not three minutes later , a castle county sheriff 's car driven by seaton thomas turned into the driveway of the keeton home , i and old seat discovered myrtle keeton sprawled half in and half out of the doorway between the garage and the kitchen .
like the box placed in the daughters of isabella hall by the late myrtle keeton , this one ( planted by sonny jackett , now also late ) contained a timer which had ticked all afternoon .
his depression following myrtle 's ... myrtle 's accident ... now seemed years distant .
his depression following myrtle 's ... myrtle 's accident ... now seemed years distant .
took my dinner early over at myrtles all hours kitchen and then went up the lobo road so i could run the ridgeline and come down bear creek the back way from up above .
weed the myrtle .
he could smell , taste evendespite wooden splinters piercing lips and cheeks and tongueolives , chestnuts , poplars , rosemary , vines , elms , myrtle , even the earth itself out of which cicala sprung like a vast but guarding spirit .
it was nice to be sheltered from the sights and sounds of the office park by this screen of oaks and myrtles .
we reached holy row just as the leading edge of the stampede reduced a wall of crepe myrtle to a densely packed layer of mulch .
chapter one the first step , said myrtle to her friend miles , is to stage a coup .
that , said myrtle , thumping the complete william butler yeats triumphantly , is exactly what i m saying .
trixie does myrtle beach does not accomplish this goal .
and you ll say , i think myrtle has a great idea .
lately , the gnomes had been on myrtles front lawn more often than not .
i do nt know , myrtle .
she was supposed to have been dusting myrtles knickknacks hours ago .
always assuming myrtle was calling for him , he answered her greeting with some variation of , its too hot to mow !
dusty hollered for puddin and after a few minutes during which myrtle wondered if shed been hung up on , puddin sullenly answered .
before myrtle could summon up a pleasant - enough voice to find out why puddin was hanging out with dusty instead of doing a mediocre job cleaning up myrtles house , puddin muttered , backs thrown out , miz clover .
before myrtle could summon up a pleasant - enough voice to find out why puddin was hanging out with dusty instead of doing a mediocre job cleaning up myrtles house , puddin muttered , backs thrown out , miz clover .
jill , reflected myrtle an hour later , was a top - notch cleaning sensation .
it was lucky , thought myrtle as she watched jill caulfields energetic cleaning , that shed been able to get a substitute in such short order .
a member of myrtles book club , she seemed to have fallen on hard times .
what was even nicer is that she lived right on myrtles street , just around the bend .
cleaning is nt so bad , said jill as she expertly glossed myrtles end table with lemon oil until it shone .
she briefly stopped her buffing and looked directly at myrtle .
teaching preschool does nt cover your bills , i m guessing , said myrtle , clucking .
here she paused and searched myrtles face for any signs of disbelief .
but ill never leave him , miss myrtle .
thought myrtle , although cullen caulfield was no mr . micawber .
so , said myrtle in a purring voice , i was surprised to hear you were nt working for blanche anymore .
he s keeping the peace , said myrtle with a shrug .
the annoying thing was myrtles police chief sons insistence on keeping her peaceful .
jills perfection was enough to make myrtle pine for the wicked puddin .
ordinarily , myrtle carefully checked to make sure the coast was clear before venturing out her front door .
as she saw erma looming over her , arms outstretched for a determined hug , myrtle reflected how fast ones mood could plummet .
just trying to make a subtle point , said myrtle .
erma gaped at myrtle , then erupted with haw - haws of laughter .
but you were coming out for a reason , myrtle .
have a good one , myrtle .
not if i see you first , thought myrtle .
instead , i ran into erma sherman , myrtle could nt repress a shudder .
you must be a good neighbor to have , then , said myrtle in a wistful voice .
no need to have jill realize that her christmas extravaganza did nt put myrtle in the holiday spirit .
in fact , jills decorations made myrtle quite grinchy .
so many people have told me the same thing , miss myrtle .
especially sherry angevine next door , guessed myrtle .
no thanks , miss myrtle .
when book club morning dawned , myrtle climbed out of bed with high hopes .
because , myrtle thought , the stuff that the book club had been focusing on definitely could nt qualify as books .
hours later at the meeting , though , myrtle had given up hope of proposing dickens as a book club selection .
everything had actually started out just fine with the ladies trickling into myrtles living room like little lambs and lining up sweetly for their muffins , cookies , and iced tea .
there were about fifteen ladies in myrtles living room and kitchen .
miles stood next to myrtles fireplace , looking uneasy .
what a fun idea , myrtle !
if the members were surrounded with excellent literature , myrtle knew they would nt be able to resist .
there were nods of agreement and myrtle soldiered on , taking a deep breath .
i think , myrtle said sternly , that our time could be better spent .
you know , i was thinking the same thing , myrtle .
thought myrtle viciously .
i think , said myrtle in her former - schoolteacher voice , which had the power to silence the room , i will go to the bathroom !
the room remained quiet until myrtle was out of sight .
does anyone know if myrtle made the chicken salad or bought it ?
and while were talking about myrtle , said miles , in was apparently a desperate attempt to wrestle the wayward conversation back on track , i think she had an excellent idea .
sullenly , myrtle came back in and sat down with the others .
she instinctively seemed to know what to do to mess up myrtles plans .
myrtle opened her mouth to argue and tippy injected quickly , would you be interested in having the desserts at your house , myrtle ?
miles clearly recalled myrtles blackberry cobbler as a soggy , undercooked disaster .
but myrtle was already planning her dessert menu , happily putting the unkind comments about her cooking out of her head .
miles quietly asked myrtle .
even though myrtle changed the book club into a supper club , and jill took the main course , were all going to chip in with the sides so jill can afford to host it .
miles will have the hors doeuvres and drinks , jills covering the main course , and myrtle is hosting the dessert .
myrtle was ready to trade in her sweet tea for something a bit stronger .
chapter three i do nt want to go tonight , said myrtle , feeling stubborn .
oh come on , myrtle .
it was , thought myrtle with satisfaction , a wonderful place .
miss myrtle , he said , standing quickly .
plus the fact that myrtle , even in her eighties , could straighten up to an intimidating six feet when she wanted to .
asked myrtle with surprise .
after spending an hour studying food blogs , myrtle was well and truly overwhelmed .
see you in a few minutes , miss myrtle .
oh the houses definitely had their strong points ; after all , they were on the lake and each one on myrtles side of the street had a dock with a boat .
which , myrtle thought as she visited with miles , was absolutely fine .
georgia simpson , said myrtle .
so now we ve reached a new club low , growled myrtle .
jill quickly joined the line behind them , peering around myrtle at georgias retreating back .
wondered myrtle .
mused myrtle .
he always seems to smell like gasoline , mused myrtle .
asked myrtle .
she launched at willow with a hissing sound and myrtle watched in horror as the two started physically scrapping .
you see , myrtle said earnestly to tippy chambers in miles living room , the problem with the supper club idea is that everyones spouses come .
so what exactly are you saying , myrtle ?
but everyone was getting tired of the old book club , myrtle .
tippy really could nt help the fact that she sounded so condescending , thought myrtle .
tippy frowned at myrtle like she was nt sure she was following her .
miles sidled up to myrtle and murmured , in the room the women come and go / talking of michelangelo . ''
i do nt go out every night , said myrtle coldly .
besides , asked myrtle , what are you doing up at two a.m. ?
i hate living next door to her , myrtle seethed to miles .
fortunately , myrtle had age on her side as an excellent excuse not to engage in the hunt .
simon caulfield and his wife libba walked past myrtle .
libba leaned over the sofa to speak to myrtle .
miles stooped down by myrtle a couple of minutes later to pick up part of a glass that had somehow managed to find its way across the room .
she looks like one of those zombies from night of the living dead , said myrtle .
remember , were going to willow pearces house next for soups and salads , then to jills , before ending up at myrtles house for dessert .
on myrtles side of the street , the houses backed up to the lake , and the other side , including reds house , backed up to woods .
asked myrtle grumpily to miles .
myrtle was sure that if she ventured into willows bedroom , that she would find an entire closet full of flowing , hippyesque garments .
no myrtle did nt , thought myrtle .
no myrtle did nt , thought myrtle .
and myrtle did nt want to .
well for heavens sake , said myrtle crossly .
i m not sure your supper club plan was such a wonderful idea , myrtle .
several other members looked reproachfully at myrtle .
muttered myrtle under her breath .
surely willow made some , said myrtle .
tippys overprotectiveness grated on myrtles nerves .
it did nt look anything like myrtles own sunny , kitschy kitchen .
where myrtle had red - checkered curtains , willow had dark linen .
where myrtle had natural light , willow relied on lava lamps .
and where myrtle had candles for those rare candlelight suppers , willow had incense .
at least , thought myrtle , willow seemed to share myrtles affinity for roosters in the kitchen .
myrtle finally found , behind the tofu , cut up vegetables in zipper bags , and heads of broccoli and cabbage , a pitcher of iced tea shoved way in the back .
actually , thought myrtle , all in all there seemed to be an overwhelming amount of drama going on .
and myrtle was pretty sure that blanche was in no mood to be funny .
miles walked up to myrtle and said , i m going to run back home for a few minutes .
erma grabbed myrtles arm tightly .
jill will be more organized than her sister , agreed myrtle .
miles caught up with them from behind and gave myrtle a questioning look .
or maybe still drunk , myrtle was nt sure .
retorted myrtle .
this , said myrtle in an aside to tippy , is exactly why we should give up on a supper club and return to the book club model .
sherry competently poured him a drink and pushed it into his hand , although myrtle was fairly sure that cullen did nt need anything else to drink that night .
i knew , mused myrtle aloud to miles , that supper club would mean disaster .
probably calling in the state police , said myrtle .
the police questioning was nt nearly as interesting as myrtle had hoped .
miles waited for myrtle to finish her statement before walking home with her .
you really just write a helpful hints column , myrtle .
i m wo nt have my wicked way with her , myrtle , if that s what you re implying .
i guess that takes her off the suspects list for jills murder , said myrtle .
asked myrtle with a small shiver .
i do nt think that s a good idea , said miles as they passed his house on the way to myrtles .
he added in a persuasive voice as myrtle set her lip , you wo nt get any sense out of georgia tonight .
under ordinary circumstances , myrtle would have been happily gossiping with suspects and eking out information the day after a murder .
then myrtle smiled sweetly at georgia as she approached .
two of the biggest you ve got , miss myrtle .
asked myrtle , obediently , as she put two of the heftier pancakes on her plate .
trolling for angels , said myrtle thoughtfully as she stuck a pancake on someone elses plate .
jill , spat georgia , was no friend of mine , miss myrtle .
georgia leaned in as close to myrtle as she could with the serving table between them .
she scooted her chair over and elaine plopped jack into a high chair and sat down next to myrtle .
red can enjoy the scenery for a while , myrtle scrubbed at some butter that had found its way into jacks wispy red hair .
maybe he thought that s what myrtle had been doing .
it drove myrtle nuts when elaine used texting language in conversations .
i d thought they were going to be best friends forever , too , said myrtle , pointedly drawing out the acronym .
she pulled out a plastic bag full of cat food and several printouts and put them on the table next to myrtle .
with every new project elaine took on , myrtle saw her get more and more scatter - brained .
asked myrtle with some trepidation .
its not like that at all , myrtle .
so much for that conversation , thought myrtle , sipping her orange juice .
asked a deep voice behind myrtle .
i d gotten really fond of her , said myrtle with a sniff .
one of her enemies is sitting in this very room , intoned myrtle in an ominous voice .
that s for me to know and you to find out , said myrtle smugly .
he was at the caulfields house the rest of the night , elaine told myrtle .
and then some of your charming supper club members , here he rolled his eyes at myrtle , wanted their pyrex dishes back .
do nt rub your eyes , said myrtle absently .
that s funny , said myrtle .
asked myrtle , changing the subject .
chapter five getting barbeque was as good an excuse as any to go over to jills house and snoop around outside a bit , thought myrtle .
and myrtle would nt mind listening to them .
jills house looked quiet and there were no rubberneckers as far as myrtle could see .
willow , said myrtle , leaning on her cane , i am so sorry about poor jill .
she did nt look like shed showered and myrtle wondered if the clothes she was wearing were the same ones shed slept in .
willow swayed on her feet and myrtle wondered if she were going to faintor throw up .
here , said myrtle , feeling alarmed .
willow gave a strangled sob and myrtle awkwardly patted her arm .
fortunately , willow got distracted by the bags myrtle was still clutching .
myrtle stopped herself just in time from making a face and instead put on what she hoped was a saint myrtle of stray kitties expression .
myrtle stopped herself just in time from making a face and instead put on what she hoped was a saint myrtle of stray kitties expression .
willows brain had shifted gears now and myrtle doubted there was any way to switch it back .
and a bowl full of water , willow called after her as myrtle hustled away .
for heavens sake , myrtle .
his annoyance had a subduing effect on myrtle .
its quite antisocial and temperamental , said myrtle with satisfaction .
really , myrtle i know .
because , myrtle drew herself up stiffly , jills death must be avenged .
miles frowned , i have nt noticed that sherry is a so , said myrtle hurriedly , if you could just meet me outside sherrys house at two oclock .
she bent down to pull some intrepid weeds that sprouted by her mailbox , then noticed myrtle standing there .
hi , miss myrtle .
sherry was always one to get right to the point , so myrtle decided not to tiptoe around the issue .
and , with poor jills murder myrtle shrugged helplessly .
so myrtle could nt read her expression as well as she would have liked .
about time , thought myrtle .
must have forgotten something , said myrtle in a cross voice .
besides i m sure it is , myrtle .
glad i saw you out here , myrtle .
she looked sagely at myrtle through her thick glasses .
thanks for the advice , myrtle said tartly .
sherry lowered her voice to a pitch that myrtle had trouble hearing .
to be perfectly honest , miss myrtle , jill caulfield drove me nuts for years .
belatedly , myrtle remembered that sherry had had a terrible marriage , a horrible divorce proceeding , and had vowed never to marry again .
i thought everyone really liked jill , myrtle said in a gossipy voice .
but i was nt at home to hear or see anything , miss myrtle .
sherry studied myrtle with concern , as if sure myrtle was losing it .
sherry studied myrtle with concern , as if sure myrtle was losing it .
and here i thought that jill was this wonderful person who kept an immaculate house , volunteered her rear - end off , and put up beautifully with a difficult husband , myrtle shook her head .
as sherry got back to her weeds , myrtle thumped over to miles and hissed at him , thanks for being on time !
you re not so brave , yourself , myrtle .
no , said myrtle , i was actually trying to escape from her so that i could talk to blanche and georgia for a bit and see what was going on with them .
which , to myrtle , only proved her point .
if she did it , said myrtle .
chapter six that cat , myrtle told elaine , is living the high life .
elaine said slowly , do you have feelings for the cat now , myrtle ?
i m sure it wo nt hold it against you , myrtle .
a few minutes later , elaine was at myrtles house , equipment in tow .
late that night , when myrtles usual insomnia struck , she peeked out the kitchen window into the backyard .
he sighed when he saw myrtles dejected look .
it was funny how the mere mention of the column had made her sleepy , thought myrtle as she walked to the newspaper office the next morning .
miss myrtle ?
we had a murder in town this weekthere should be gobs of content for you , said myrtle .
he clumsily patted myrtles arm .
i do nt even like hearing that , miss myrtle .
sloan frowned and myrtle said , the murder ?
that worked out great for us the last time , miss myrtle .
sloan gave myrtle a cautious smile .
a movement caught the corner of myrtles eye and she saw that willow stood right beside her .
sloan widened his eyes dramatically at myrtle in sort of a get - a - load - of - willow look before turning to willow and saying with forced jocularity , got that horoscope done ?
she glanced at myrtle with a look myrtle could nt really read , and then ambled out the office door .
she glanced at myrtle with a look myrtle could nt really read , and then ambled out the office door .
sloan gave myrtle a little push .
you d better go after her , miss myrtle .
i was just going to ask her something for newspaper business , red , said myrtle in a huffy voice .
anyone picking up at paper at the piggly wiggly next day would see octogenarian myrtle clover investigates murder for the bradley bugle , on the very front page .
she beamed , breathing noxious fumes into myrtles too - close face .
asked myrtle coldly .
since i m still just waking up , erma , so maybe another well have a nice cup of coffee , said erma , already striding into myrtles house .
for some reason , myrtle thought grimly , being around erma always made her start lying through her teeth .
erma stuck her head in myrtles fridge .
she popped them open and put them on myrtles kitchen table with its red - checkered tablecloth .
so , lets talk about the murder , said erma in a salacious voice that myrtle found entirely inappropriate .
i saw that story in the paper today , myrtle .
now erma had myrtles attention .
and the subtitle : bugle investigative reporter myrtle clover hot on the trail of a killer .
it was worth any little white lies to see ermas face , gaping at her , thought myrtle with satisfaction .
i m so sorry , murmured myrtle to simon and libba .
they thanked her and myrtle signed the guest book and walked out to the gates of heavens front lobby .
elaine winced at the scene and looked questioningly at myrtle .
tippy moved closer to myrtle and murmured , how do you stand living next door to her ?
tippy looked doubtfully at myrtle and changed the subject .
tippy , as president of the united methodist women , would naturally be happy to capitalize on myrtles moment of weakness .
miles walked with myrtle back to her house .
did i tell you , asked myrtle , how much i m enjoying the master and margarita ?
oh , said myrtle .
i d like to borrow your car , said myrtle .
he was as protective over that silly volvo as an old biddy with her cat , thought myrtle .
said myrtle .
miles still looked hesitant and myrtle said impatiently , she s someone i met during my last caseshe lives out in the sticks with her brother , crazy dan .
before the interstate system , myrtle remembered the road had been a bustling thoroughfare .
the man was the worst salesman in the history of the world , thought myrtle crossly .
that was fine with myrtle .
he also carried a decrepit rocking chair that myrtle gathered she was to sit in .
just like last time , madam zoras words served to put myrtle in a very bad mood .
she even tooted the horn at erma , who d no doubt be gleefully spreading all kinds of stories about myrtle since she was driving miles car .
fortunately , cullen was wasted enough not to notice that myrtle drove around the square four or five times so she could talk to him a little longer .
i feel horrible about it miss myrtle .
red woke myrtles sleeping passenger .
red looked at cullen , dozing again and hardly likely to dispute myrtles version of events .
red looked more doubtful about myrtles sudden desire to go to church than he had about the non - interrogation .
willow had espoused many different ideas on religion in myrtles presence before and seemed to have formed an amalgam of different ones she liked from buddhism , hinduism , taoism , and christianity .
that s great news , myrtle !
i get this feeling , said elaine in a carefully even voice , that you re rooting for the cat , myrtle .
yes , all right , i know , said myrtle crossly .
i was sure to tell red today , said myrtle in a serious tone , that i do attend community events of my own volition .
it was what myrtle had going on that was the problem .
its always wonderful to spend time at the church , said myrtle piously .
shed offered to take myrtle to church with them the last few months to no avail .
now we come to the true reason why myrtle was interested in going to the luncheon .
and it might be helpful for them to talk to others about their feelings , ended myrtle in a self - righteous tone .
that s right , she s one of those clean - living nuts , muttered myrtle .
she looked to be giving one - word answers to sherrys attempts to include her in conversation , and myrtle saw sherry and tippy shrug at each other .
they saw myrtle and waved .
elaine seemed to be hovering in case the caneless myrtle started to sway .
erma bellowed , myrtle !
sherry , who had just filled her plate , winced sympathetically at myrtle as she joined blanche and willow off to a table that already had people sitting there .
erma gave an enormous cough , primly covering her mouth with her hands but neglecting to think about transferring germs before grabbing myrtles hand .
this was a major reason that myrtle ordinarily did nt frequent these meetings and luncheons .
they were at a table with a couple of church ladies myrtle did nt know , as well as tippy chambers and maisy perry , willows predecessor for the horoscope .
spending time with maisy was enough to make myrtle feel jumpy herself .
maisy was wondering what you thought of willows horoscopes , myrtle .
elaine groaned and maisy said eagerly , oh , its not the dark arts at all , miss myrtle .
now the conversation had shifted to other supernatural things like ouija boards and light as a feather , strong as a board while myrtle gloomily looked for an escape route .
since maisy was the only person at the table without a drink , myrtle pushed her own , untouched iced tea over .
on the way home , elaine said , that was horrible , myrtle .
i guess sometimes these things hit you really fast , said myrtle in a doubtful voice as they reached her driveway .
heres a can of top - notch tuna , myrtle .
chapter nine myrtle spent much of the night thinking about maisy .
she s still in the hospital , myrtle .
and red mentioned elaine hesitated , but knew myrtle would end up pulling it out of her .
he knew she could nt keep a secret from myrtle .
asked myrtle with a sinking sensation in her stomach .
but myrtle ?
and it was myrtles iced tea that maisy had been drinking .
apparently no one had noticed that it had been myrtles drink that maisy had drunk from .
there was a light tap on myrtles door .
miles skirted the small corpse , found a spot on myrtles sofa and said , myrtle ?
miles skirted the small corpse , found a spot on myrtles sofa and said , myrtle ?
the cat , said myrtle .
he looked intently at myrtles living room window .
miles gave a high - pitched scream that myrtle would nt have believed he could make and frantically tried peeling pasha off of him .
pasha launched off of miles , slinking to the corner of myrtles living room , and staring sulkily at myrtle before licking her wet fur with emphatic strokes of her tongue .
i m sorry , miles , myrtle repeated .
miles peered suspiciously at myrtle , as if suspecting she might be laughing at him .
you ll have to go over there more than once , myrtle .
building up bone mass , said myrtle gloomily .
not with the kind of workout you d be doing , myrtle .
after receiving training on the equipment thursday , myrtle went into fit life shortly before noon on friday .
sherry was digging out some membership paperwork for a new member and gave myrtle a quick smile and said , you probably would nt , unless you came here .
sherry opened her mouth to respond , then clamped it shut before mumbling , excuse me , miss myrtle , and redirecting her attention to the new member .
myrtle decided that a cup of coffee from the coffee station in the lobby would be perfect before her workout .
just when myrtle was sure cullen was on the verge of being unceremoniously kicked out of the health club , things became even more interesting when cullens brother , simon caulfield , came through the door .
cullen clenched his fists and said something in return that myrtle could nt catch .
how touching , thought myrtle .
red finally noticed myrtle standing to the side , clutching her coffee .
he did double take as he took in myrtles athletic outfit .
reds delight really made myrtle steamed .
chapter ten myrtle found , to her great surprise , that the workout was nt as bad as shed expected .
but there were definitely reasons for someone to want to murder myrtle .
ermas loud mouth at the visitation had broadcast that myrtle knew exactly who the killer was .
pasha , thought myrtle .
hey , kitty , cooed myrtle as she opened the front door .
pasha darted in furtively and , to myrtles horror , appeared to have something in her mouth .
pasha turned and , seeing she had myrtles attention , made a great show of putting a chipmunk down on myrtles throw rug .
pasha turned and , seeing she had myrtles attention , made a great show of putting a chipmunk down on myrtles throw rug .
to myrtles gaping horror , the chipmunk began hobbling around drunkenly .
pasha looked disapprovingly at myrtle .
it was clear that myrtle was not doing what she was supposed to .
she gave the chipmunk a swipe and looked up at myrtle .
she leaned over again and picked up the chipmunk by its neck and looked at myrtle as if to say , see ?
he should be cleaned up and ready for a phone call by now , thought myrtle .
okay , said myrtle as soon as miles picked up the phone .
the problem is , said myrtle , that i do nt have a good excuse to talk to georgia .
after thoroughly combing her house , myrtle was able to come up with a few pots and pans ( cooking was nt myrtles favorite hobby , anyway ) , some old sheets , a few yellowing paperback books , and the angels shed bought on the sale aisle of the drugstore .
after thoroughly combing her house , myrtle was able to come up with a few pots and pans ( cooking was nt myrtles favorite hobby , anyway ) , some old sheets , a few yellowing paperback books , and the angels shed bought on the sale aisle of the drugstore .
they took a few of the baby things , but when the couple turned their attention to the ceramic angels , myrtle shooed them away .
it was clear that myrtle was faced with another yard sale pro .
she took some of the baby clothes ( the better ones , myrtle noticedprobably to resell them on the internet ) and then gravitated inevitably to the ceramic angels , picking them up and cradling them in her hands .
oh , i do nt know , said myrtle crossly .
just take the darned things , said myrtle .
at georgias startled expression , myrtle continued in a sweeter voice , i mean , feel free to accept them as a gift from me .
i know what you mean , miss myrtle .
now that she had georgias full attention , myrtle was nt exactly sure how to proceed .
georgia made a face and myrtle hurried on , you see , i think its therapeutic for me to talk about it to people .
she looked hard at myrtle as if to search for any signs of disbelief .
i was more than upset , miss myrtle .
it seems like you could have found a lawyer at your office to get the money back for you , said myrtle .
so jill had more money than i thought , said myrtle , leaning forward onto her cane thoughtfully .
are you sure its okay for me to take the angels , miss myrtle ?
i think the angels will be much happier at your house than mine , georgia , said myrtle .
as soon as georgia left , myrtle saw red driving slowly down the street .
rats , thought myrtle .
a lightening bug lit on myrtles arm , but she was so deep in her ruminations on the murder that she did nt even notice .
she did hear , though , a sudden , raspy meow in the darkness as myrtle felt a furry body brush against her leg .
chapter eleven myrtle did nt stay on the ground long .
his initial exasperation at being awakened in the middle of the night was replaced with concern when he saw how shaken myrtle was .
asked miles as he put a mug of hot tea in myrtles hands .
and myrtles son would be on it eighty - five percent of the time .
georgia was there , myrtle ignored the flush that crept up miles face .
miles hid a smile at the idea of a strident myrtle in storm trooper gear out annihilating evil .
i d have taken you with me , said myrtle carefully , if i had nt thought you d turn my interrogation into a social visit .
and its not like myrtle had any real evidence of foul play .
very careful , said myrtle .
the next morning , myrtle set the bereavement and illness committee into motion .
this suspect interview could nt possibly end badly ; even if myrtle did nt get any information at all , shed at least end up with a delicious casserole .
blanche walked right into myrtles kitchen and put the casserole in the fridge , talking as she did about the cooking instructions .
blanche smiled at myrtle , but preserved her personal space .
well , i hope you re feeling better soon , myrtle .
its been such an awful week , myrtle continued .
i do nt think you have anything to worry about , myrtle .
blanche abruptly took a seat on myrtles sofa .
blanche took a deep breath and let go of myrtles arm .
she blackmailed you , said myrtle .
blanche studied a spot on the wall over myrtles head .
you , more than anybody , myrtle , know that s not true .
the thought made blanche look sicker than myrtle was supposed to be .
thanks , myrtle .
i m surprised , said myrtle in a musing voice , considering the street value of the drugs jill discovered , that she did nt just swipe them and resell them on the street .
i ve got to now , myrtle .
blanche smiled weakly at myrtle , then pulled open the front door .
myrtle grabbed her cane from the coat rack by the door and shook it at the cat as blanche shrank backwards in alarm , whether at the snake , the cat , or the cane - brandishing myrtle she was nt sure .
pasha thinks i need hunting lessons , myrtle said in a feeble voice .
its fine , myrtle .
she looked doubtfully at myrtle , still holding her cane with a robust stance .
blanche , said myrtle , i think i feel better already .
chapter twelve myrtle and miles sat next to each other in padded rocking chairs on myrtles front porch while myrtle gave miles the lowdown on blanches visit .
okay , said myrtle .
said myrtle , vigorously rocking the rocking chair .
like i was saying , said myrtle in a louder voice , i just could nt believe what jill had found out .
i could nt figure out at first who she was talking about , said myrtle , but then i realized .
miles blinked at myrtle from behind his glasses .
miles followed myrtle obediently inside then watched as she peered through a curtain .
i think hell grab lieutenant perkins first , and maybe some surgical masks to keep the germs away , said myrtle .
poirot had the little gray cells , said myrtle with a sniff .
at the exciting conclusion of tomorrows promise , there was a familiar pounding at myrtles front door .
it was erma , her rat - like face now peering directly into the window myrtle was looking out of .
thinking fast , myrtle also grabbed her pocketbook from the wooden coat rack near the door .
erma sat down abruptly , and then rocked forward , wagging her finger at myrtle .
i never get any information from red about his investigations , said myrtle quite truthfully .
her mouth became a giant o and she pushed backwards with her feet until the rockers legs scraped the paint on the front of myrtles house .
she gave myrtle a hurried , dismissive wave as she staggered off to her house , slamming the door behind her with a bang .
pasha , said myrtle thoughtfully .
unfortunately for myrtles investigation , her brain rejuvenation was wasted on blogging and her next helpful hints column .
a nine oclock knock on her door surprised myrtle .
i ve been thinking about you lately , said myrtle .
willow sat down in myrtles high - backed armchair and managed to look pleased with herself as well as ill at ease .
willow , fortunately , had nt seemed to notice that she was the focus of myrtles frowning perusal .
willow was unaware of myrtles horror .
she looked curiously at myrtle .
willows gray - blue eyes were piercing myrtle .
are you okay , miss myrtle ?
yes , said myrtle quickly .
chapter thirteen myrtle reached behind her for something , anything , as willow gripped her shoulders and shook her back and forth in anger .
she put her hands around myrtles throat right when myrtle finally curled her fingers around the foil container .
she put her hands around myrtles throat right when myrtle finally curled her fingers around the foil container .
with one , desperate gesture , myrtle pushed the container of vegetable casserole in willows face .
god knows what poison she s put in there , thought myrtle as she anxiously hobbled to the door , her cane nowhere near her .
come on in , said myrtle .
miles looked over her shoulder and said , i do nt know what happened here , myrtle , but i think i should be the one making the coffee .
well frankly , myrtle , your place sounds like a lousy place for a coffee break right now .
miles adopted a coaxing tone and myrtle collected her cane and obediently followed him out the door .
it was nt long before lieutenant perkins and red were at miles house drinking coffee along with myrtle .
i think it was wine , then , said myrtle , looking at miles with reproach .
i ca nt help it if i figure out the mystery before you do , said myrtle coldly .
he raised his eyebrows questioningly at myrtle and looked at her searchingly with his steady , gray eyes .
he gave myrtle a sympathetic look .
it did nt make any sense , said myrtle .
plus , said myrtle , once i thought about her whole healthy living credo , i realized that it was very odd that she would have been buying cigarettes at the store .
all of the arguments had a common theme , pointed out myrtle .
so , said myrtle , she entered the house .
she picked up the cast iron skillet with my cute rooster oven mitts , noted myrtle with some lingering irritation , and swung as soon as the kitchen door opened .
but maybe it was nt wildly colored , said myrtle .
she needed to change her clothes and make sure no one suspected anything , said myrtle .
he stooped and gave myrtle an unexpected kiss on the cheek .
miles , who had been looking uncomfortably underdressed in his sweat suit , cleared his throat and said , you know , myrtle , i think i m ready to hit the sack .
sorry , said myrtle .
demanded myrtle .
i guess ill need to keep out of their way , said myrtle .
the two officers inside just motioned which area to keep away from and myrtle headed off to bed .
just lock the door behind you , said myrtle .
chapter fourteen it was still very early in the day , particularly since myrtle had been out so late the night before , when the phone rang .
i have this terrible feeling that kojak is in cullens yard , miss myrtle .
oh no , miss myrtle .
odd as it may seem , myrtle did nt have a done feeling about the case .
and myrtle was curious to see the dog that had helped spur willows hatred of cullen .
feeling a little like an animal rights activist from peta , myrtle opened the gate and looked around for kojak .
whatchu doin here , miz myrtle ?
tiny looked like he thought a myrtle clover minus the fool might be a vast improvement .
i m surprised mr . caulfield even cares , said myrtle .
seeing that tiny was still looking at her curiously , myrtle added , i was just here to let kojak off the chain .
tiny knit his brows and leaned forward over myrtle as if to hear better .
neither did myrtle .
all i know , miss myrtle , is that i need that dog leashed up while i mow .
that s no problem , miz myrtle .
it was getting to be a regular party , myrtle thought grimly .
and though myrtle never would have pegged sherry as a screamer , she started a horrific , hysterical shrieking that pierced the air as she took a few steps toward cullen .
cullen myrtle frowned .
miss myrtle !
i can assure you that wo nt be necessary , said myrtle .
ill tell you the whole story when i see you , said myrtle .
that might be true , but he did nt kill himself , hissed myrtle .
miles started sputtering questions but myrtle shushed him as erma sherman waddled up .
erma gave miles and myrtle an oppressive group hug , knocking myrtles head into miles .
maybe red can do something , myrtle .
not , noted myrtle through gritted teeth , that red has anything to do with creating laws , you know .
thought myrtle .
do you need a hand , myrtle ?
a wave of tiredness washed over myrtle .
thanks , said myrtle .
and now , myrtle said , i m going to write my big story .
chapter fifteen puddin entered myrtles house triumphantly , queen of all she surveyed and not a cleaning implement in sight .
at least i do nt get myself murdered , she pointed out , proving shed somehow known that jill had been cleaning at myrtles .
there was very little dust there , although myrtle had nt done more than a little swipe since jill last cleaned .
i could count on jill to do a good job , said myrtle repressively .
at that moment , some odd backfiring noises emanated from myrtles front yard .
breathed myrtle .
do nt think you do , miz myrtle .
when myrtles face flushed red with fury , puddin added .
you would nt want your back thrown , miz myrtle .
lem me tell you , this as she took a seat on myrtles sofa , that s just the worst feeling around .
she reached out for myrtles telephone .
although that would mean shelling out more money , thought myrtle uncomfortably .
with that in mind , myrtle said , puddin .
what happened here , miz myrtle ?
since he was her ride , puddin usually spent the extra time resting her thrown back on myrtles sofa in front of her soaps .
asked myrtle with irritation .
pasha glared at myrtle for thinking her so ill - bred .
that - thats a witch , miz myrtle .
the problem with surviving several attempts on your life , thought myrtle , was how darned overprotective everybody became .
keeping that fact in mind , myrtle had decided to use georgias affinity for angels to contact her again about the case .
thirty minutes later , myrtle knocked at georgias ratty - looking door .
georgia beamed when she saw myrtle and the beam turned up a notch as her eyes rested greedily on the package of angels .
ummwant anything to drink , miss myrtle ?
how much do you want for them , miss myrtle ?
thank you so much , miss myrtle .
at georgias frown of confusion , myrtle said , cullens murder .
she leaned forward to see if myrtle was making fun of her .
chapter sixteen as much as myrtle hated to admit it , she was ready to return to fit life .
this time myrtle walked straight back to the exercise equipment after waving a hello to sherry on the way in .
sherry rushed around the desk and gave myrtle a tight hug .
although myrtle found the idea of being drawn to cullen caulfield about as appealing as necking with a gorilla , she summoned up her best sympathetic face .
and miss myrtle ?
now sherry was gripping myrtles arm tightly .
well of course you did nt do it , said myrtle .
she dug around for the tatty tissue and myrtle offered her a clean one from her pocketbook .
her voice was a hoarse croak and myrtle bit back some choice profanity as sherry grasped her arm again .
and myrtle and miles .
he was going to come back to me , miss myrtle .
she finally let go of myrtles arm .
are you enjoying your new membership , miss myrtle ?
i d better go , miss myrtle , said sherry .
i hate to admit it , said myrtle in a confidential tone , but exercising at fit life is proving surprisingly satisfying .
i m glad to hear it , myrtle .
elaine opened her mouth to further promote friends of ferals cause when myrtle said quickly , no , i was thinking more along the lines of going to church .
since elaines mouth was already open to talk , it dropped even more at myrtles mention of church .
it had been shocking enough that myrtle had wanted to attend the church luncheon .
anyway , myrtle attempted a dignified rise from the sofa , but it was completely spoiled by the depth of the furniture .
of course ill pick you up , said elaine , handing myrtle her cane and watching out the window as she walked back home .
she was nt going to have myrtles immortal soul hanging on her conscience .
church , thought myrtle , was nt all its cracked up to be .
elaine walked over to her usual pew , but myrtle patted her arm and said , if its all right with you , elaine , i think i m going to sit near the front .
at elaines questioning look , myrtle said , you knowi can see and hear a little better .
elaine was nt aware that myrtle had any impediment at all to her sight or hearing .
when she tried the third row pew , fritzie cochran quickly pulled a sweater across the space myrtle was planning on parking herself .
saving seats was one of those things that annoyed myrtle .
or maybe , thought myrtle , after all the years of coming to church every sunday , they d merely run out of conversation .
they merely nodded a recognition that myrtle was joining them before easing back again into their quiet reflection .
or maybe , thought myrtle , they were sleeping .
asked myrtle a little louder .
there was still no response and now myrtle was concerned enough to tap coraline insistently on her tiny leg .
coralines rheumy eyes rolled myrtles way .
i said , myrtle put her mouth right up at coralines ear , that it was quite a week , was nt it ?
eva jackson next to coraline had apparently been able to hear myrtle .
she had been a schoolteacher at the same time myrtle had taught , so they were acquainted with each other .
saving your soul , myrtle ?
now myrtle was having to work a bit harder to follow evas thought patterns .
now eva jackson was squinting at myrtle as if she was concerned about her mental faculties .
chapter seventeen puddin was half - heartedly vacuuming myrtles living room carpet when the phone rang .
instead of moving on to some other housework , myrtle noticed that puddin plopped down on the sofa to listen in .
since you ve been involved recently with the united methodist women , said blanche ( did myrtle imagine the faint emphasis on recently ?
sensing puddin had a heretofore unknown melodramatic flair , myrtle shrugged and started going off to do her business .
rumor has it ( myrtle had a strong feeling that puddin was behind this particular rumor ) that she s a step away from puttin herself out of her misery .
but myrtle was nt really even listening .
if the caulfields were having trouble paying bills , if they were worried about upcoming medical expenses , and if simon or libba knew that jill had some money from the lottery.and if they knew they d be the beneficiaries it added up to a motive in myrtles eyes .
libba had nt even turned a hair when myrtle brought in her casserole .
any normal person would have turned at least a little green when presented with a genuine myrtle clover casserole .
she was a closet amy vanderbilt 's complete book of etiquette reader , myrtle was sure .
when simon walked into the room , stopped abruptly and took in his company with angry eyes , myrtle nearly did nt recognize him , either .
the transformation was pretty alarming , thought myrtle .
miss myrtle , i saw that story of yours in the newspaper the other day .
simon shot her a look and myrtle continued .
asked myrtle innocently .
and a note on the table , nodded myrtle .
i did read it , said myrtle .
blanche did nt pretend not to know what myrtle was talking about .
and , like you mentioned , myrtle , everyone pulls for the underdogits not as if i were still an addict .
they pulled up in myrtles driveway and myrtle said as she stepped out the door , i m really happy for you , blanche .
they pulled up in myrtles driveway and myrtle said as she stepped out the door , i m really happy for you , blanche .
after a little reading and a short nap , myrtle started feeling a little hungry .
the mind - boggling thing to myrtle was that the caulfields kitchen was in much the same state .
and myrtle realized he held a knife in his hand .
chapter eighteen myrtle swallowed hard .
math never was your strong suit , miss myrtle .
the police already knew it was murder , said myrtle , shifting her weight onto her cane .
i remember when you were both in school together , mused myrtle .
said myrtle , leading him on .
and its been eating away at you for years , said myrtle .
it must have been hard on you , mused myrtle , that your wife , who has had so many health problems , needed the money so much more than your brother who wasted it .
i suppose , said myrtle thoughtfully , still watching the knife , that it was an easy decision to kill cullen .
what i do nt know , myrtle continued , is how you knew you were in cullens will .
simon moved restlessly toward myrtle and she babbled hurriedly .
from the corner of her eye , myrtle glimpsed that the arrival of her savior , in the unlikely form of pasha the feral cat .
pasha had crept through the open kitchen window ( thank god for the burned biscuits ) and was making one more determined effort to show myrtle how to hunt and kill .
he crashed to the floor in a heap and myrtle quickly stooped and picked up the knife with shaking hands and backed up to the telephone to call red .
she seemed impressed by the size of myrtles prey .
and so ended myrtles hunting lessons from pasha .
the police were also impressed with myrtles prey , who cooperatively remained unconscious until their arrival .
pasha was really the hero , said myrtle , an uncharacteristic tear trickling out of her eye .
yes , said myrtle with great irritation .
and maybe i am , said myrtle , thinking gratefully again about pashas role in saving her life .
then , myrtle continued , i went over to the caulfields house to bring some food over .
and loved every bite , said myrtle .
anyway , said myrtle , simon came in with shorts on and a huge bandage on his leg .
and maybe , said myrtle , ill even blog about it .
other books by elizabeth spann craig ( who also writes as riley adams ) praise for pretty is as pretty dies , a myrtle clover mystery : publishers weekly : ` ` the amusing first in a new cozy series from craig ... myrtle 's wacky personality is a delight . ''
i m looking forward to the further exploits of myrtle clover .
foreword : ` ` the treat here is myrtles eccentricity , brought to life with rich humor and executed for the most part with breezy skill . ''
the story is typical of a lot of small towns anywhere in the us , but elizabeth spann craig added a new dimension with myrtle and her elderly friends . ''
about elizabeth spann craig elizabeth writes the memphis barbeque series for penguin / berkley ( as riley adams ) , the southern quilting mysteries ( 2012 ) for penguin / nal , and the myrtle clover series for midnight ink .
with the exception of deputy myrtle arceneaux , the only black female deputy on the force .
give it to myrtle if you do nt mind .
they could only be the bled sisters , millicent and myrtle .
millicent and myrtle were also my godmothers .
my parents have millicent and myrtle to thank for most of my childhood nightmares .
both she and myrtle waited in the doorway , and i was at a loss .
we wanted to pay our respects , said myrtle .
millicent and myrtle covered their knees with a pair of lap blankets kept there especially for them .
people were always surprised when they discovered millicent and myrtle were bleds .
millicent and myrtle ate the other half .
your dear husband would want you to take care of yourself , said myrtle .
miss millicent , miss myrtle , do nt you think uncle morty needs a drink ?
yes , do tell us , said myrtle .
neither myrtle nor millicent said that we owed them .
there was no question of myrtle and millicents intentions they were good , always good , even if they infringed on our lives a bit .
millicent took the dishes from pete , apologized for not being more hospitable , said myrtle was ill , and bade us goodnight .
while both of the girls had married , only myrtle had a child .
he kept two teams of horses for his personal use and ponies for millicent and myrtle .
millicent and myrtle could nt keep up with the deadheading and pruning on their own .
it was too much like work , but i d done it just the same , side by side with myrtle .
the house sat silent as before , but i looked through the door glass and spied myrtles purse sitting on the hall table .
in myrtle and millicents world , ladies did nt bake or cook , period .
mercy , please , myrtle said with her hand on her chest .
millicent and myrtle flanked me through the servants dining room , the cloakroom , one of the pantries into family room and out into the hallway to the front door .
millicent opened her mouth , ready with a lie , but myrtle reached out and touched her arm .
its just that myrtle said .
we simply ca nt afford it , said myrtle .
they looked away and myrtle started fidgeting again .
we do nt want to upset you , said myrtle .
he does nt visit much , said myrtle .
promise you wo nt tell your mother , said myrtle .
he says were incompetent , said myrtle .
that s why you should nt worry , said myrtle .
she worked beside her father since she was twelve and she was very upset , said myrtle .
do nt worry yourself , said myrtle .
my favorite made by myrtle and millicent .
mom said myrtle and millicent were there and she managed to talk them in to dumping mr . cardiff as their lawyer .
i would ve walked out and , in retrospect , i should ve , but myrtle and millicent needed me .
describe your relationship with myrtle and millicent bled .
a gift from myrtle and millicent bled to your parents whom they barely knew .
would it surprise you that at the time the deed for the hawthorne house was signed over to your mother , myrtle and millicent bled had never actually met your mother ?
then again , maybe i could ask my mothers cousin , myrtle , and her daughter , willow , to help us .
by the way , i invited myrtle and willow to dinner .
the googins girls , including cousin myrtle , retired to the living room for aperitifs .
willow stopped by to check on mozzie , so i asked her to join us for dinner and to bring myrtle .
instead of myrtle , we can call him myrt or mort ...
as i stroked the baby 's fingers , i asked them both , ` ` so ... myrtle , huh ? ''
there was no way i was naming my baby myrtle .
i can smell the sweet scent of myrtles .
i guess she loves myrtle .
i think you re mom would like to help us about this thing i caught the scent of myrtle .
her garden w/ full of myrtles , i followed her in her steps .
you love myrtles ?
because whenever i m your house i can see myrtles everywhere and in your garden myrtles , that s the only flower i afford .
because whenever i m your house i can see myrtles everywhere and in your garden myrtles , that s the only flower i afford .
on the right side of the house , there s another chain - link fence which runs perfectly parallel and right next to the gravel driveway , which is lined with small crepe myrtle trees on both sides .
what had you coming to myrtle beach this time of year , he asked .
the bed itself was made of a sturdy pale wood , the color of crepe myrtle bark .
check out other titles by peggy mcgee : synopsis on www.peggymcgeebooks.com psychic sara teen series sara the psychic sleuth book 1 sara to the second power book 2 sara and the destiny of the stars book 3 sara and the cyber psychic squad- book 4 the secrets of stonehenge society sara : adult sequel taryn teen trilogy the destiny of taryn rose book 1 trails of secrets book 2 the powers of fate book 3 loves captive fate taryn : adult sequel karma empowered taryn : adult epilogue karma captive hearts : adult : saga final the ghost of myrtle a .
in the middle of it all , myrtle knocked on the locker room door .
` ` when myrtle left , you laughed so loud , i thought the whole damn town would hear you .
an instant later , the two joined him beneath the weighty fuchsia blossoms of a crape myrtle , and the minister spoke the traditional opening words that would soon join them together as husband and wife .
her space was small , but she treasured the window with the view of downtown myrtle beach .
` ` they are replacing their entire system with ours and the myrtle beach location is to be the first install .
` ` it 's your grandma myrtle 's diamond .
claire stared down at her brand - new wedding ring , the one grandma myrtle had worn for six decades .
` ` ever since the merger with danvers , you continued to travel between myrtle beach and charleston frequently because of the , um ... connections that you have here .
i ended up in myrtle beach a lot since my buddies were always interested in spending a little r and r here .
both his mother and his aunt myrtle had mentioned that a model had bought a house on elm street and she sometimes came into the bakery .
helping aunt myrtle in the bakery was taking her mind off widowhood .
thanks to aunt myrtle and the bakery , charlie did n't feel so guilty about the new job prospect .
the pizza was ordered and all he had to do was hop on his bike , run by his aunt myrtle 's house , get rick , pick up the pizzas , and head on over to eve 's .
apparently charlie 's mother and aunt myrtle were treating manny and kyle like family , which meant they got to run errands for the bakery .
but when charlie arrived , his mother 's red volkswagen beetle was sitting in the drive of aunt myrtle 's two - story clapboard house .
that 's when he heard the kind of laughter and chatter in the kitchen that indicated that aunt myrtle and his mother were in old - fashioned mode .
but his mother and aunt myrtle thought it was the height of sophistication .
knowing it was probably a mistake , charlie walked into the kitchen and found his mother , aunt myrtle , and rick at the old oak table at the end of the kitchen with the familiar squatty glasses in their hands and the smell of oranges in the air .
judging from the flushed faces , charlie estimated aunt myrtle had served a couple of rounds already .
aunt myrtle was the tallest and thinnest , and charlie 's mother was the oldest and plumpest .
nobody would have guessed aunt myrtle was the younger of the two widows .
twenty - seven years of marriage to jasper bannister combined with the cigarettes she 'd finally given up had taken its toll on poor aunt myrtle .
` ` we 're embarrassing charlie , '' aunt myrtle said .
aunt myrtle said in her deep smoker 's voice .
` ` myrtle and i were surprised , too , but then we figured it out .
` ` it 's the detail in the frosting that will take us so many hours , '' aunt myrtle said .
they said something about frosting cookies for myrtle and rose . ''
` ` my mom and aunt myrtle could charm the birds from the trees .
i was waiting for myrtle to finish frosting my cinnamon roll .
his mother and aunt myrtle would have left the back door open .
` ` they say locking the door causes too many problems , like when aunt myrtle comes into the alley for a breath of fresh air and locks herself out . ''
eve had been around too many people who had supposedly quit to believe that aunt myrtle went to the back alley to suck up plain old air .
the raspy voice could only belong to myrtle , the pseudo ex - smoker .
` ` actually , it 's less , '' myrtle said from her station over by one of the large ovens .
` ` boys , boys , '' myrtle said .
` ` if you 're all set in here , '' myrtle said , ` ` i ' m going out for a breath of fresh air . ''
` ` i say myrtle should n't take those odds . ''
but myrtle 's in total denial about the risks . ''
` ` most of the women in town , including me and myrtle . ''
` ` you 're pretty good at it , myrtle . ''
` ` it was n't , but that 's neither here nor there , '' myrtle said .
although now that myrtle had brought it up , some kind of agreement might have been a good idea .
` ` i think we should all swear an oath of silence , '' myrtle said .
` ` myrtle , for pity 's sake .
` ` it 's not , either , myrtle marie !
` ` i can see you 're determined on this point , myrtle .
` ` and the raisins are your aunt myrtle 's brainstorm .
` ` it 's your aunt myrtle who 's missing a few slices from her loaf . ''
` ` myrtle wants us to think it 's a bible , and once she gets like this , it 's pointless to argue with her . ''
` ` this is a very good idea , '' myrtle said .
` ` the alien abduction lady , '' myrtle said .
` ` and they 're both fruits , '' myrtle said .
` ` myrtle ! ''
` ` darrell and ed stay mostly to themselves , '' myrtle said .
` ` you 'd need a bigger bag of raisins , aunt myrtle , '' charlie said solemnly .
` ` see , that 's a better thing to swear , '' myrtle said .
` ` i solemnly swear , on this bag of common raisins , which has been transformed through the miracle of human inspiration into the embodiment of the holy word of god , that i will never reveal , on pain of death , or whatever punishment is deemed most fitting for the- '' ` ` myrtle ! ''
rose bumped her hip against myrtle 's .
while eve described her hovercraft to rose and myrtle , she tried to gauge manny and kyle 's reaction to see if talking about the hovercraft made either of them squirm or fidget .
when eve finished , myrtle bounced with excitement .
` ` then let us send you home with a supply , '' myrtle said .
` ` myrtle , it 's almost two in the morning .
` ` my sources tell me that myrtle bannister could hock everything she owns and it would n't raise enough to pay your debt to me . ''
he could n't very well switch vehicles and ask his mother and aunt myrtle to take his bike .
charlie 's mother and his aunt myrtle own it , and they discovered that a touch of sex sells baked goods .
when they walked in , myrtle was behind the counter , looking very chipper considering the fact she 'd been up late the night before baking cookies .
rose and myrtle are two of the sanest women i know . ''
` ` myrtle bannister , i 'd like you to meet denise . ''
some of the warmth had left myrtle 's smile .
you might consider- '' ` ` myrtle , we 're in kind of a hurry . ''
` ` that boy is still frosting , '' myrtle said .
` ` speaking of family , '' he said , ` ` aunt myrtle is n't getting any younger . ''
i ' m going to call my mother and aunt myrtle and ask if they 'll bring us dinner . ''
aside from having unlimited sex with charlie , eve could n't have dreamed up a more fun time than eating the wonderful food that rose and myrtle brought over and hearing their plans for the bakery .
or rather , eve , rose , and myrtle discussed .
after the meal , rose and myrtle went out to admire the hovercraft and tell eve what a brilliant young woman she was .
` ` if my mom and aunt myrtle help you believe it , then you should spend more time with them . ''
` ` have you mentioned that to my mom and aunt myrtle ? ''
she was the hairdresser for both his mother and aunt myrtle , and jill was responsible for giving them their red hair every couple of months .
eve had to admit the evidence was damning , but she hated to think charlie 's cousin , who was also myrtle 's son , would do such a thing .
` ` and you 're charlie 's cousin and myrtle 's son .
for aunt myrtle 's sake charlie was glad rick would n't end up in prison or worse .
we 'll come back here for visits to see your mom and myrtle .
rose shepherd and myrtle bannister have turned the hot buns operation over to denise and manny flores so that they can concentrate on their new venture , naughty knits .
gray is going to take over daily operations at danvers for the foreseeable future and jason prefers that he relocate here to myrtle beach to do that .
he hoped that with his permanent move to myrtle beach , reva would soon lose interest when he was no longer easily harassed .
only a few miles from the huge crowds of myrtle beach , garden city was small and quaint and attracted mainly families looking for a vacation spot with more family- friendly amenities and the freedom to enjoy the beach with a little more privacy than myrtle beach offered .
only a few miles from the huge crowds of myrtle beach , garden city was small and quaint and attracted mainly families looking for a vacation spot with more family- friendly amenities and the freedom to enjoy the beach with a little more privacy than myrtle beach offered .
traffic was probably heavy on friday between charleston and myrtle beach .
remember grandma myrtle ?
it was her treasured copy of cinderella , the one that had been handed down from grandma myrtle , to mommy , to izzy .
` ` it was my grandma myrtle 's ... and these buttons were my mommy 's . ''
i smiled wryly to myself as he hit the final couplet , ` ` ' and , besides , i 'll instruct you like me to entwine , the myrtle of venus with bacchus 's vine ! '
the walls were decked with myrtle branches , yew and holly , and the fragrance of the evergreens rose up into the gallery , mingled with the smoke of fires and the harsh reek of men .
mrs . crawford 's assembly , held the next evening , boasted the same performers , for the most part , as had mrs . dunning 's , but had one novelty ; it was there that i smelled myrtle candles for the first time .
i closed my eyes and breathed in , nostrils flaring at the intoxicating mixture of scents : mudflats and wet sand , pine resins and sea air , the last faint whiffs of dead whale , and what i had been looking for - the fresh , tangy scent of wax - myrtles .
i had put jemmy down again , and was idly contemplating whether there might be any use for the berry - pulp , once the myrtle berries were boiled to render the wax , when i heard the soft crunch of footsteps on the other side of the bush i was picking from .
paralysis disappearing in a heartbeat , i grabbed him up , and backed away several steps , knocking over the half - filled bucket of myrtle berries .
i did n't think he was out for a picnic among the myrtles .
the historic hacienda appeared to have had a recent makeover , the scent of fresh paint mingling with the light fragrance of a potted crepe myrtle nearby .
chapter four myrtle beach was a busy tourist town , and rent was not cheap .